The Tick Incident Ch. 01
bybess_armstrong©

Temple, Texas was a quiet place in 1979, the kind of place where you had to make your own fun.

Richard Parker knew this more than anybody, and he and his buddies always were keeping busy doing something. Swimming down by the lake and hanging out at "Old Man" Custard's Ranch, riding horses, were two of the things that kept boredom from setting in.

But Temple wasn't just some dustbowl, as outsiders might see it. It had its charm. And the most charming person in Richard's life was his step mother, Carrie.

Carrie had married Richard's father, Neil, five years earlier, just a short time after Neil had gotten divorced. Richard was still very close with his real mom, Candace, who in turn still had a friendly relationship with Neil. The two simply had grown apart, and felt it was time to move on.

Richard kind of saw Carrie as a warm-hearted friend more than a mother type. She was always very kind to him, didn't boss him around, and gave him his space. The two had grown pretty close since Neil was often out of town on business.

And Carrie was a young woman. The full-time nurse was just 35, and her looks suggested she was even younger than that. She had beautiful brown hair, her bangs often hanging over her pretty brown eyes. She had such a pretty smile, perfect pearly whites, and when she laughed, it just made you feel good. She would either giggle in a real cute way, or laugh heartily, creating the kind of rich laughter that suggested she really loved life.

Around this time, however, Richard, now 18, began to notice in greater detail some other aspects of Carrie's beauty. His step mom was very well endowed. Her enormous breasts constantly stole Richard's attention, as he often saw them either bouncing around in a bathing suit or filling out a loose-fitting shirt.

He had once almost caught sight of them totally bare, by mistake, when Carrie came out of the bathroom. She had thought no one was home, and could make it to the bedroom without any clothes. When she opened the door, there was Richard, and she instinctively went to cover her breasts with her one arm, and cover her lower half with the other.

Richard's eyes widened as he saw the outer edges of her massive breasts, seeing they actually hung down a bit when not supported by a bra. As her other arm flashed down to cover her other special area, Richard's eyes followed it, and he saw how her tiny hand barely could cover what looked to be a substantial bush. Some dark brown hair poked out around her fingers.

His heart raced. It was the first scrap of female nudity he had ever seen up close.

Richard simply froze in his tracks.

Carrie, startled, cried out "Richard?! I didn't think anybody was home."

As he finally turned away, she grabbed a towel, and Carrie was more amused than upset. She seemed to take delight in how embarrassed Richard was in nearly seeing her naked. She thought it was so cute how he blushed.

The incident was never even brought up with the rest of the family, but Richard always had the image of his hot step mom clutching to cover herself firmly in his mind. She also had the cutest feet he had ever seen, and often fantasized about sucking on her toes.

And when Carrie would often sit next to Richard, with her legs crossed, he found it the perfect opportunity to check out her gorgeous thighs. Richard had a fixation with them.

Carrie grew up on a ranch, doing her share of physical labor, so she had always been fit. Not overly muscular, just a full-bodied woman.

She had big, thick thighs that Richard nearly drooled on every time he layed eyes on them. They weren't skinny twigs like some girls had. These were well-rounded, succulent beauties, and Richard would always try to sit close to Carrie when she was wearing a nice pair of shorts, or hanging by the pool in a bathing suit.

The image of her big, tan thighs would be in his mind when he had his most private moments. Another aspect of Carrie's beautiful anatomy was her nice round bottom. Or as Richard and his friends would call it, a "bubble butt."

Carrie had a sweet, juicy ass that she liked to show off. She often wore tight shorts that hugged each of her big cheeks, and when she wore a bathing suit, Richard would look forward to when she was coming out of the pool, just so he could sneak a peak as the bathing suit clung to her ass for a split second as she was getting out.

Now as much as Richard was feeling a strong attraction to his step mom, he never once was forward with her. That was his dad's wife. And that's how he saw her. But it didn't stop him from fantasizing about Carrie, and that, quite simply, was what boys did at Richard's age.

And speaking of Richard's age, there was another 18-year-old in the Parker household. And her name was Janet, Carrie's 18-year-old daughter.

Carrie had Janet just a few months after graduating from high school, and the two were like buddies, not just because there wasn't too big a difference in age, but also because Carrie spent almost all her time with Janet as she was growing up. There wasn't another man that stuck around until Neil came along, and Carrie devoted almost all her life to raising her daughter.

And the young brunette was a good girl. She was a good student, a popular kid at school, and she had her mom's great looks, and build.

Janet wasn't perfect though. She often had a problem with curfue, liked to curse, and did like to party.

Richard found his stepsis to be kind of cool, and for the most part, enjoyed her company. The two had just graduated from high school, and neither felt like getting a part time job before starting college in the fall. So they saw an awful lot of each other, as they both did a good deal of hanging out on the couch, just watching T.V.

Janet was sometimes bratty to Richard, sometimes annoying, as any step sibling might be. But he also liked checking out her hot body, and Janet, like her mom, liked to show it off.

But with all this talk about Carrie and Janet's unique endowments, there should be some talk of Richard's special, most private body parts.

After mentioning that Richard was a good-looking kid, with short brown hair, blue eyes, and a toned build, the most striking aspect of his anatomy would also have to be detailed.

Richard had an enormous penis. The kind of penis you don't often see.

He knew from a young age that he was much bigger than most boys. He took pride in it, yet also was embarrassed about it somewhat. It sometimes made him feel different rather than special. The dreaded word "freak" would often come up in his mind.

His penis hung down between his legs, well past his balls, like a thick summer sausage, and he often had to be mindful to conceal the rather large bulge in his pants.

All of this sexual tension around Carrie and Janet was seemingly about to boil over in the summer of '79, and it happened on a day that started innocently enough.

Richard and Janet were busy flipping channels, and on one of the stations, a topless woman appeared. Richard found instant delight in the naked beauty, and Janet kept the channel on seemingly just to gripe.

"Now see," she began, "why is it always a naked woman? You never see naked men in movies."

Richard gave her statement little thought as he feasted his eyes on the well-endowed gal, her big, naked breasts filling up the television screen. But then Janet clicked to another channel, and giggled at Richard's disappointment.

Later in the afternoon, the two kids and Carrie went to the nearby lake for the day. It had just rained the last few days so it was a little too cold to go swimming. So the three just enjoyed a nice, long walk.

When they got home, Richard talked to his dad, who was in Tampa at the time, and then after that phone call was getting ready to go to bed. Only he had an itch, a real itch.

He dug down between his legs, into his lower right thigh, and felt a bump. Oh no. He pulled his pajama bottoms and underwear down, and looked closely at his thigh. He saw a tick, which had embedded itself in his skin, most likely during the walk by the lake. He picked at it, but could not get it out. He panicked a bit.

Richard decided to seek Carrie's advice. He raced downstairs and into the kitchen, and had to pull Carrie away from chatting with her daughter.

Carrie, who herself was getting ready for bed, as she was dressed only in a pair of snug, gray shorts and a t-shirt, followed Richard into the other room.

"Carrie, I have a tick," he told her. She gasped.

"Where?" came the next logical question.

"Um," Richard began nervously, "like on my thigh, around here."

He motioned to his lower crotch, not far from the huge, hanging member aforementioned in this tale.

"Oh, God," Carrie said, voicing her concern. "Well it's nothing to worry about, sweetie, let me have a look."

Richard, for the moment, followed his step mom upstairs to the bathroom, but then started to get fidgety.

"Can't we go to the hospital?" he asked.

"Richard, I'm a nurse," she reminded him. "I'm sure it's nothing we can't take care of here."

A look of anxiety came across his face.

"Besides," she said, flipping on the light in the bathroom, "the hospital is a half hour away. Look at me, do I look ready to go out?"

She was dressed in a real skimpy outfit, just something to wear to bed, but she still looked so good.

"Come on," she said, "let me take a look."

Richard reluctantly pulled his pajama bottoms down, letting them fall to the floor. Carrie could now see him in just his underwear, which made her giggle.

"It's not funny," he said with a light laugh.

"It's okay, Richard," she reassured him. As Carrie went to look for the tick, Richard noticed her eyes dart towards the massive bulge in his underwear, and she seemingly took note of it. It looked like she found it striking.

But she went along with inspecting where the tick was, and after a few frustrated groans, she gave Richard some uncomfortable news.

"Sweetie, I...I'm gonna need you to take your underwear off," she said. "I think that's the only way I'm gonna be able to get to this thing."

She said it with relative ease, and was already reaching for the tweezers in the cupboard. Richard froze.

"Richard?" she repeated, now with the tweezers in her right hand. "Come on, I need you to pull down your underwear."

He was understandably reluctant to do so. And she realized this. Carrie sighed.

"Richard, hon," she began. "I'm a nurse. Believe me, I've..."

She looked at him with those sweet brown eyes.

"I've seen just about every pickel in the barrel," she told him. That made Richard chuckle, and okay, he got it - his step mom was comfortable with seeing men nude. It was part of her job. But he still wasn't comfortable with her seeing him nude. Especially with the unique growth he had in his pants, and we're not talking about the tick.

"Just pull down your underwear," she told him soothingly.

He took a deep breath, like he was bracing himself for a big jump into the nearby lake. And this was quite a jump indeed. It was the first time any woman was going to see Richard naked, and it happened to be his step mom.

He slowly took down his underwear, and his long, dangling dong was revealed, as the thick tube of meat hung lazily over his huge egg-shaped balls. His mammoth cock, although totally flaccid, hung nearly halfway to his knees.

Richard watched Carrie's reaction throughout this whole thing, and he noticed how at first, she tried to maintain sort of a professionalism about the whole thing, but as his whopper was revealed, she noticeably jumped back a bit, her eyes widening with fascination.

Richard took his underwear all the way down, letting it drop to the floor like he did his pajama bottoms. Now Carrie, for a change, was the one that froze.

"Richard," she began, still with wide eyes. "That's uh...that's..."

She shook her head with a big smile.

"That's quite a banana you have there, young man," she said. They both laughed. He thought it was cute how she didn't want to use a dirty word for his penis.

Richard expected her to go right back to working on the tick, but she instead knelt down before him, fascinated with the marvelous appendage that was hanging just a few feet from her face.

"You know you're not like most boys, right," Carrie said, amused. He knew exactly what she was referring to, a smirk coming over his face. Carrie eyed his enormous member.

"My goodness, Richard," she said, now ducking her head a bit, giggling. "That's just about the largest penis I've ever seen."

She was now openly referring to his endowment, which he enjoyed, and he thought he would join in.

"I ain't ever seen one as big as mine," he said.

"Oh no?" she asked as she now got ready with the tweezers once again.

"Except on the horses down at 'Old Man' Custard's Ranch," Richard added.

Carrie burst out laughing, and this time instead of trying to go on with her task, she gave into belly-aching laughter, falling back on her butt and holding her stomach as she cracked up.

"What?!" she asked Richard rhetorically, even though she understood him perfectly.

"I'm serious," he went on.

"You are unique," Carrie said, wiping a few tears from her eyes from laughing so hard. "Now I must (laugh). Now I must get going with this here. Let's focus."

Carrie realized she would need Richard to help her with the procedure.

"Why don't you hold him up and out of the way," she said, referring to his penis as 'him.' "And his two friends."

Richard grabbed his balls, and his flaccid tool, and held them up so that she could inspect the area underneath.

She made small talk, or big talk, depending how you look at it.

"You're father is very well endowed," she said openly as she began to pluck away at the tick.

"Okay, I didn't need to know that," he said with a laugh. She chuckled.

"I'm just saying," she told him. "I think big ones run in your family, that's all. It's definitely nothing to be ashamed of...Dammit."

She was having trouble getting the tick out.

"So is this...normal?" Richard asked, referring to his penis, seeking some reassurance that his massive organ did not make him a freak.

"No, oh Heavens no," Carrie said, stopping what she was doing and making eye contact with the young man. "Believe me, what you have is not normal, by any means."

She filled the room with her jovial laugh. Richard, meanwhile, felt embarrassed.

"Oh, sweetie, I'm not saying there's anything wrong with it," she told him, rubbing his arm. "You're just (laugh)...you're just hung like a horse, that's all."

Her candid remark made Richard happy, almost too happy. He felt his penis starting to grow into an erection. No longer was he shy about being naked in front of Carrie. He was really beginning to enjoy it.

The way she was kneeling in front of him, he could see the tops of her large breasts, and he also could see her amazing thighs.

The more he looked, the more excited he got. And Carrie was so busy trying to get the tick out, it took the attention off his massive boner, which he now struggled to conceal.

"Sweetie, hold these for a moment so I don't lose them, I'm gonna look for a different pair," Carrie said to Richard, handing him the tiny tweezers. He hesitated to take the tweezers from her, but he had no choice.

He took his hands away from his penis, and his enormous boner sprang free, bouncing in the open air.

"Oh my," Carrie laughed. Richard couldn't help but be a little embarrassed, like he didn't want to have such a huge erection at this time, but his big dick did little to cooperate, seemingly begging for attention and bouncing and throbbing right in Carrie's view.

"Seems this ordeal has really gotten you excited," Carrie said, staring openly at his lengthy hard-on.

"It's not the ordeal," Richard fired back. "It's...your legs..."

Carrie was surprised, but flattered.

"I'm sorry, Carrie," he said. "I can't help it."

"It's okay," she reassured him.

She looked at his cock as if she was beholding a beautiful painting, a work of art. His huge erection stood up tall, with sort of an arc to it. The weight of it didn't allow it to stand up completely straight. It sort of bounced up and down ever so slightly.

"Well let's get back to work," Carrie said. "At least now you don't have to hold it up and out of the way. It's pretty much doing that itself."

His towering erection looked so obscene, yet there was nothing to do about it. And at least now his penis was out of Carrie's way.

"Oh, rats. See the problem is," Carrie began, "I just...I don't have enough light down there to see what I'm doing..."

Richard didn't really have a solution to offer. Carrie thought of the only logical one, as uncomfortable as it might be for her stepson.

"I hate to say it, sweetie," she started out, "but I think I'm gonna have to have Janet hold a flashlight down there while I try to pull out the tick."

Richard was filled with mixed emotions. The thought of his stepsis seeing him naked didn't make him all too comfortable, but then again, he started to like being naked for Carrie, so why not her 18-year-old daughter?

Still to this day, Richard ponders if Carrie really needed Janet's help, or if she just wanted her daughter to be able to see Richard's monster penis. It remains a mystery.

But he was a good sport about it. Richard bravely nodded, as if to say he knew this meant Janet would have to see him nude, but he was okay with it. It wasn't worth making a trip all the way to the hospital, and for a third person to be able to get down and hold a flashlight down there, well, Janet was the only person around.

Carrie left the bathroom, and even with her gone, Richard still sported a mighty erection.

"You're gonna get me in trouble," he jokingly said to his penis, which did in fact seem to operate under its own will.

Richard could hear the two women talking, and sometimes chuckling, outside the bathroom door, as if Carrie was briefing her daughter on the situation. After some time, Carrie finally re-entered, and right behind her was Janet.

Richard instinctively covered his privates.

Janet had a huge grin on her face, but at the same time gave Richard this look of sympathy.

"How the fuck did you get a tick down there?" she asked him, motioning towards his crotch.

"I don't know," he said, still covering his privates. Janet saw how silly he looked standing there, hands cupped over his genitals.

"She told me about your penis. Mom says you have a fucking whopper," the girl said out loud.

"Jeez, Janet, you just had to say something didn't you," Carrie said with a grin.

"Well that's what you said," the daughter fired back. Janet was staring at Richard's crotch, not wanting to miss it if he revealed himself.

Richard could feel his face blushing, and his erection gained more rigidity.

"All I said, Richard, was that you were fully developed," his step mom said to him.

"That's a more mild version of what you said," Janet teased her mom. Richard laughed at their back-and-forth rhetoric.

"Can we get started, please?" Carrie pleaded with the girl.

Janet begrudgingly took the flashlight, and Carrie knelt back down on the floor, ready to try and get the tick out. They were about to get going, but Janet didn't want to cooperate.

"Take your hands away, I want to see it," Janet told her stepbrother. Richard was surprised by her brazenness.

"Janet, please, I think you've seen enough," Carrie laughed. "Come on, the guy needs our help. Don't make this any more uncomfortable than it already is for him."

Janet groaned. And she wasn't budging.

"I want to see his dick," she whined. Richard had heard his stepsister use the word "dick" many times before, but in this particular situation, it packed more of a punch. She also seemed to overemphasize the word, like she took particular delight in saying it, even with her mom present. 


"I think it's the TICK you need to be focusing on, not his..." Carrie said.

"The tick, not his dick?" Janet said playfully. Carrie couldn't help but crack a smile.

"Richard has a tick by his dick," the daughter went on. "A tick by his dick, a tick by his dick..."

It was as if she wrote a new song. She rhymed aloud with great enthusiasm.

"I'm sorry for the way my daughter behaves," Carrie said with a smile, looking at Richard. "She has a little bit too much energy."

The mom again suggested they move on, but Janet was persistent. She kept saying she wanted to see Richard's massive penis, and seemingly would not take 'no' for an answer.

The mom let out a big sigh.

"Richard, sweetie, why don't you just show her," Carrie suggested. "If it will shut her up, I'm all for it."

A big smile came across Janet's face, and Richard was not going to disappoint her. Feeling pretty brave at this point, he calmly took his hands away from his huge erection, and let it spring free once again.

"Holy fuckshit," Janet said, making up a crude, nonsensical curse word combination. "That thing can't be real..."

His penis throbbed and thickened in her view, and Carrie looked quite pleased to see it again.

"It's real, I assure you," Richard told the two women.

Janet stood wide-eyed at his long, girthy prick, and the only sounds in the room now were gasps, and girlish snickers.

Carrie leaned back against the sink, getting comfortable.

"Just how big is your schlong, sweetie, have you ever measured it?" she asked her stepson. It cracked him up hearing Carrie use the word "schlong." It made him smile.

"Um, like 11 and a half inches," he said, sort of embarrassed.

Janet and Carrie looked at each other and laughed.

"It's not funny," he told them, himself kind of amused.

"How the fuck do you fit it in your pants?" Janet asked him, still staring at his huge erection. Richard enjoyed their attention, and even their jokes.

He poked fun at himself by gently wagging his hips, making his enormous organ swing from side to side. The women shrieked with amusement.

Richard then even took his penis in his hand, and began swinging it around, almost like a lasso. It again brought thunderous laughter from the two gals. Almost like he felt he was giving them a strip show, Richard took his shirt off, displaying a nice upper body. He said he did it because it was getting hot in the bathroom, but it was really because he wanted absolutely no clothing on his body at this point.

He wanted to be completely naked for Carrie and Janet.

"Go like this," Janet said, bouncing her boobs up and down in her tight, maroon shirt. "Make your dick bounce up and down."

Richard obliged, and his fat erection bounced north and south between his legs, so violently that it smacked loudly against his stomach. The consistent clapping noise made the two women excited, and amused.

"That is one big, bouncing schlong you have there, Richard," Carrie said, her own words making her laugh with delight. She and her daughter were having a good old time.

"He's so fucking big," Janet said.

"And it's not just his schlong. His nuts are huge too," Carrie added. "Richard, show her your balls. Look, Janet, look at them..."

Richard jutted out his lower abdomen, now holding his hands firmly behind his back. His crotch area was overemphasized, and Janet gazed upon the two egg-sized testicles that hung down between Richard's legs, underneath his penis.

"Wo, nice fucking balls, dude," she teased him.

"That means he can produce a heck of a lot of semen," Carried instructed her daughter. "I don't think Richard, here, will ever have a problem with a low sperm count."

Janet just had to reach out and have a feel. She weighed his huge balls in her hand, marveling how heavy they were.

"Now turn your head and cough for me, son," she joked with him. Apparently Janet knew all about boys physicals, and he played along with the kidding around.

Everyone composed themselves enough to get back to the task at hand, and that task was what brought about this situation in the first place - removing a tick from Richard's thigh.

After some time, Carrie was finally able to get the thing out, and made sure she got every leg with it. She treated the cut, and bandaged it, and Richard was fine once again.

But the teasing didn't stop yet. Her daughter seemingly having a naughty influence on her, Carrie went about teasing her stepson a bit as she treated his cut.

"Hey Richard," she began, putting away the tweezers and band aids. "I have heard people call you Richard, Rich, um, Ritchie...how come you don't go by 'Dick?'" she asked him calmly. He shrugged it off.

"I don't know," he said. "I just always went by Richard."

"Hmm," Carrie said. "Because I know a lot of Richards, and they're all Dicks."

Janet laughed at the double meaning of that statement.

"That's not what I meant, sweetie," Carrie said with a chuckle. "I meant I've known a lot of Richards, and they all go by 'Dick.'"

Richard didn't know what to say. He just stood there with a blank expression.

"I just figured you, of all people, would want to be called Dick, considering your..." his step mom said, eyeing his huge organ. She then playfully winked at her daughter.

"Oh," Richard said, finally getting it. He again wagged his big erection back and forth for the women.

"Well you can call me 'Dick,'" he said to Carrie. She rubbed his arm.

"I'm just having some fun with you sweetie," she said to him. The three chatted for a bit, and Richard loved how he was still naked. The women were fully dressed, yet there he was, with a huge erection standing up from his crotch.

"Nice dick," Janet said plainly. Her mom laughed.

"Is that the only word you know for it?" Richard teased his stepsis.

"I like the word 'dick,'" she argued. "Just has that nice hard-sounding 'k' sound to it..."

It sounded like good reasoning. Richard simply swayed his hips, letting his penis swing back and forth.

"How about you, mom?" Janet asked Carrie. "What's your favorite word for it?"

The mother's face lit up with enthusiasm.

"Schlong," she said, chuckling. "It's just so fun to say."

She looked down at Richard's.

"Schhhhlllllooooong," she said long and drawn out. Now the kids laughed along with her.

"Do you jerk off a lot?" Janet asked Richard, now peppering him with questions.

"Janet," Carrie laughed.

"It's a fair question," the daughter answered. "Come on Richard, do you beat your meat a lot?"

Richard felt now wasn't the time to hide anything, and he told the two women - much to their amusement - that he did in fact play with his cock at least once, sometimes twice, sometimes even three or four times a day.

"Now I know why you spend so much time in your room," the mother laughed.

"I bet as soon as we leave the room, he's gonna jerk off," Janet teased him. Richard tried to argue, but it was no use.

"Look at him, he's already doing it!" Janet observed. "We didn't even leave yet!"

Richard, without any objection from his step mom or stepsis, went on playing with his big pecker.

"We had this sex education class about the penis, and ejaculation (giggle)...but it was so lame," Janet said, ever so slightly rubbing her left breast. "You didn't actually get to SEE anything."

"Well, you're getting an up-close and personal lesson right now," Carrie laughed. "You might as well take advantage of it."

Richard began to stroke his erection with greater effort, making Janet both excited and uncomfortable. Her mother urged her to watch, and enjoy.

"If he wants to jerk off, that's his prerogative," Carrie said, being both serious and playful at the same time. All three of them now looked down at Richard's big boner, which commanded attention.

"Besides, Janet, if you were a guy and you had a penis - a dick - that size, wouldn't you want to play with it?" Carrie couldn't help but ask her daughter.

Their talk was becoming more and more racy.

"I would play with it all the time," Janet said.

"Well there ya' go," Carrie answered her daughter.

Almost by natural impulse, Richard continued to stroke his huge prick, with the mother and daughter standing right there. Carrie sat down on the counter next to the sink, crossing her legs and showing off her nice, tan thighs. Janet gladly sat down as well.

"God, he's not even gonna fucking wait for us to leave," Janet said.

Carrie didn't mind the boy's sudden display of exhibitionism, and now even encouraged it.

"Go ahead, Richard, I know that thing is begging for release," the mom said. Even Janet was surprised by Carrie suggesting he jerk off for them.

"It's perfectly natural," Carrie said. "We'll just be here for support."

The humor again returned to the room, and Richard went about stroking his penis. He was a bit shy about it at first, feeling weird doing it in front of Carrie and Janet.

"Come on, stroke your schlong for us," the mom went on, crossing her legs again. "I've never seen one as big as yours erupt, and I know my daughter hasn't."

Richard started to feel like he was being used for both Carrie's enjoyment, and as a sex education tool for her daughter, a very big tool that is. And he didn't mind.

But Carrie also cared deeply about his pleasure in this moment, and cheered him on because she knew he was enjoying himself.

"Come on, just stroke your dick," she said calmly.

"Yeah, stroke that fucking horse cock," her daughter added with a more gusto.

Carrie then spoke to her daughter about male ejaculation, and what it would look like when Richard began to shoot off. But talking about it was nothing compared to what it would actually be like to watch it.

Richard stroked his cock with one hand, then with two, sometimes working it up and down real fast, other times doing it nice and slow.

He liked how it made a real loud noise when he did it fast, making the situation seem that much more dirty and naughty.

Janet again took note of how huge Richard's balls were, and how they bounced around as Richard stroked his long, thick shaft.

"Keep working that dick," Janet said aloud.

Richard kept pumping his prick as hard as he could, and after some time, he looked to Carrie, seemingly for approval, asking if it was okay if he came.

She nodded, and his legs soon buckled. He kept a tight grip on his cock, and out fired a huge rope of come that splattered onto Carrie's calves.

"Oh my," she squealed.

Janet hardly had any time to react to the blast that hit her mom before Richard blasted the daughter with a second, even bigger rope of juice, drenching her maroon T-shirt.

"Holy fuck," she belted out.

Richard kept stroking and pumping, and his dick unleashed a third rope of come, all over Carrie's thighs, and a fourth one up on her shirt, where her tits were.

She rubbed some of the come into her thighs like lotion, and Richard's huge prick blasted his hot step mom in the face with its seed, come now running down her left cheek. The two women were overwhelmed.

"Richard, how much do you have?" Carrie playfully asked, closing her eyes and wiping the come from her face.

Richard now put his attention back on his stepsis, and he aimed his fat prick towards her enormous bust, and he erupted once more, drenching her neck with a come shot that splattered as it hit her.

Richard kept stroking more come out of his enormous prick, as one small squirt after another sprayed onto Carrie's thighs.

Now hanging his head in exhaustion, Richard looked down at his now flaccid penis, and watched Carrie and Janet clean themselves up.

"That was some show, 'Dick,'" Carrie said, again teasing him with a new nickname. "And I thought the Fourth of July was next week. Those were some fireworks, kiddo!"

"Sorry I got you two so wet," Richard apologized, watching Carrie and Janet wipe the come from their legs, shirt and anything that happened to be in the vicinity of Richard's giant dick.

"Hey, when you're in the front row, you're gonna get wet," Janet joked.

The young girl headed upstairs to the shower, and Carrie stayed behind.

She chuckled as she watched Richard struggle to get his enormous whopper back in his underwear.

"I don't know how you've managed to keep that a secret from me all these years, young man," she said, almost scolding him in a way.

"I'm sorry, Carrie," he said.

"It's okay," she laughed.

"It's just I've always felt weird about it," he told her, looking down at his flaccid but huge tube steak. "Like at times...it's been a problem."

Carrie took his hand.

"Richard, I know there are many men out there that would not consider having an 11 and a half inch penis a problem," she said, looking in his eyes. "More like a gift from God. And Janet and I sure get a kick out of you."

He cracked a cute smile.

"We love your horsey," she teased him.

Almost using it as an excuse to keep him nude, Carrie took Richard's clothes, including his underwear, and stood there holding them, saying she would throw them in the wash, just in case the tick had any germs.

She repeatedly looked down at his huge, hanging meat while the two continued to talk.

"Guys could be kind of cruel growing up, calling me 'donkey dick' and stuff like that," he said, now just basking in her affection.

Carrie laughed lightly, and sat up on the counter once again.

"I know how boys can be," she said. "Everyone wants to pick out something that's different about you...your height...your weight...in your case, your dick..."

His penis rose a bit.

"Sweetie, my advice to you is to be comfortable with your body," she said. "God gave you a big dick. Be happy with your big dick. For Heaven's sake, don't be ashamed of it."

Richard again swung his big penis around for her, and she clapped her approval.

"There ya' go kiddo," she cheered.

Caught in the euphoria of the moment, emotion overcame Richard like a tidal wave, and he rushed to make an unexpected request.

"Would you mind if I walked around the house naked every now and then?" he asked Carrie. "I mean, I think it would help me overcome my shyness with what I have..."

The question surprised Carrie, but it didn't offend her. She pondered out loud.

"I...suppose," she said. "I've seen you...Janet has seen you. I guess I don't see any harm in it."

His penis was rising even more.

"Now don't expect me or my daughter to start ripping off our clothes," she told him sternly. "If you want to start practicing being an amateur nudist, I won't get in your way. But if you think that will influence me or my daughter to do the same, well...let me get that thought right out of your head."

He smiled.

"And your other head too," she added, looking down at his semi-erect penis.

"I understand, Carrie," he told his step mom. "I just like being the naked one."

She smiled in response to his honesty, and now set her eyes back on his penis. She watched it grow back to a full erection, and was as astonished as she was impressed.

"You're hard AGAIN?" she asked. "After that eruption you had earlier?!"

He looked at his big erection, kind of in awe himself.

"I'd play with it again, but my arm is kind of tired from before," he said quietly.

"Your arm is tired?" she laughed, not believing him for a second. "Nice try, Richard."

"It is," he said playfully.

She gave him a smirk, tugging on her shirt in order to give her big breasts more support.

"Well if you're looking for me to help you out well..." she said. She wasn't going to touch it. But then...

Richard gave his step mom a look that suggested he was begging for her touch, for her to assist him in another gushing orgasm. Since he had been so cooperative all evening, and she did in fact want to touch his young, hard cock, she couldn't say 'no.'

"Okay, come here," she ordered him, rising from her seat on the counter. She stood before him, and gripped his prick at the base. She wagged it up and down.

"You are a big boy, aren't you," she said. Her touch was invigorating. Richard never wanted her to let go of him.

"It will take a very special woman that can take you, sweetie, but I'm sure you'll find her," Carrie said as she began to stroke her stepson's cock up and down. "When I met your father - oh, you don't want to hear this..."

"I don't mind," he said, closing his eyes as he enjoyed the very first time someone other than himself stroked his massive meat.

"Well, it took a lot of adjusting on my part, let me just put it that way," Carrie went on. "But we worked around it. You'll find the right gal, Richard, I promise."

The right gal right now was her, and Carrie jerked Richard's monster prick slowly, and emphatically, filling the room with a squishy noise each time her fingers ran up and down his come-lubricated pole.

"You have such an enormous dick," she couldn't help but say. "This is kind of a workout stroking this behemoth."

She added to his pleasure by gently rubbing her fingers over his massive cock head each time she reached the top of his shaft. She then nearly brought him to orgasm several times by increasing her pace to a rapid motion, but just as he was about to lose it, she slowed back down again, both teasing him, and prolonging her enjoyment.

"I could just play with you all night, Richard," she teased him.

"Oh, God," he cried out, not able to hold it any longer.

Richard, quite remarkably, erupted once again, this time ejaculating all over the bathroom wall. Carrie couldn't aim it anywhere else in time.

"Let it all out, big boy," she said as she continued to jerk one rope of come after another from his massive pole. "I want to see a nice, big load."

Richard rewarded her for her efforts by blasting the wall with another thick rope of come. He had never shot so much in his life.

Carrie now entertained herself by counting each of his mighty blasts.

"Seven, eight, oh shit, nine, Richard!" she went on. "Oh there's another one, 10...11?!"

A few smaller but persistent dribbles of semen came forth from his cock, and Carrie finally let go of his big penis, and let it dangle between his legs.

"That's quite a mess you've made," she said teasingly. He was still catching his breath.

Carrie then rubbed Richard's shoulder, and told him to get to bed after he cleaned up the bathroom.

"We'll talk more tomorrow, sweetie," she said.

This was going to be an interesting summer.

TO BE CONTINUED …



The Tick Incident Ch. 02
bybess_armstrong©

Richard awoke the next day still in a state of euphoria.

It felt like Christmas Morning, only Christmas had already come the day before. This was just the sweet aftermath.

Richard had lived out the exhibitionist desires that had always existed deep inside his heart, and got to enjoy those blissful with the woman he cared about the most.

Carrie had brought something out - both figuratively and literally - that Richard never thought he would expose: a genuine passion for being naked for the pleasure of clothed women.

"I can't believe last night," he said to himself as he hopped from his bed.

Richard walked through his room naked as the night before. He had usually slept in underwear and a T-shirt, but he had no desire to put clothes on any time soon.

He walked in front of the mirror, flopping his penis around and imagining Carrie and Janet were looking at it again. He smiled.

But as much as he wanted to strut down the stairs naked for breakfast, his natural shyness did have somewhat of a hold over him still, and he put on just a pair of white briefs and a baggy pair of shorts, and was on his way.

He kicked aside a few 8-tracks that were cluttered about on the floor, and was eager to eat some breakfast. He had definitely worked up an appetite the night before.

Richard jogged lightly down the steps, turned the corner and headed for the kitchen. It appeared no one was home.

He thought he would peak outside and see if Carrie was around. He opened the screen door, not expecting to see his step mom just outside the window. The brown-haired beauty was giving her award-winning flowers plenty of attention.

"Oh Dick!" she replied happily. The word "Dick" hit Richard right in the stomach. Just hearing his step mom use the word a few times the night before was pleasure enough. The thought of her actually addressing him by that name every time she talked to him was almost overwhelming to Richard. And an intense pleasure.

"Excuse my language, Dick, but it is so fucking hot out here," she said, wiping sweat from her brow. The sexy 35-year-old was on her knees in the dirt, her rather skimpy, light gray shorts stretched tightly over her sexy thighs and round posterior.

The sight of her was intoxicating enough, but now her choice to openly refer to him as "Dick" was causing his penis to harden with arousal. Maybe she was calling him that now because of her recent discovery, the discovery that had to do with his anatomy. Maybe she was purposely having fun with him. Maybe, like she mentioned, she had many friends named Richard that went by the aforementioned nickname, so it was a force of habit.

Whatever the reason, Carrie seemed to take special delight in addressing young Richard as "Dick," and he in turn was equally happy to hear her use that word, over and over again.

"Dick, I was telling Janet earlier, you'll get a kick out of this," she began, urging him down to her level. He knelt beside her.

"There was a woman strolling by this morning while I was out front watering the grass," she told Richard, as his erection grew to greater lengths as he looked at Carrie's golden-brown thighs. "She said she loved my bluebonnets, so I brought her back to see them. She just raved over them. Loved the color, the way they were pruned, everything..."

Carrie knew she had the ability to hold Richard's attention, but not by talking about her flowers. So she hurried up with her story.

"Anyway, long story short," she began. "She is from a house and garden magazine, and is going to send out a photographer to get some pictures of my flowers! Can you believe it? The pictures will run in next month's issue."

Richard had to show some interest, even though his attention dwelled on the happenings of the night before.

"That's awesome, Carrie," he told her.

"I mean, I know I like showing off my babies," she said, pointing to her garden as she arose. "But for all the time and effort, it is nice to get them some recognition."

Richard simply nodded. Carrie again wiped her forehead, sweat running down over her pretty face. Her soft brown hair was done up in a ponytail, in affect to keep it out of her eyes as she worked, but it also made her appear even cuter and younger to Richard.

"So, young man, what have you been up to?" she asked him. He felt nervous any time she simply addressed him. Last night had changed his life.

"Oh I just got up," he said.

"Just got up, huh," Carrie replied as she picked up her pruning shears and little shovel. "Well you can help me out a bit. Janet kind of skipped out on her chores so I need you to pick up the slack. We have company coming this weekend so we have to get this place in order."

Richard didn't like the idea of having to do the stuff Janet was supposed to do in the first place, but he did feel an awful amount of affection towards his stepsister at this moment, so he let it slide.

Richard nodded, but found it difficult to make conversation. He was nervous. He now noticed Carrie's line of vision - whether by coincidence or not - drift down towards his crotch, in a very casual manner. Richard awkwardly shifted all his weight to one leg, making the bulge in his shorts bounce around a bit. Carrie noticed, and now looked off into the distance, seemingly holding in a giggle.

"Wh-why are they called bluebonnets anyway?" the boy asked his step mom, trying to take the attention away from his hardening penis.

"Because of the petals. They look like a woman's sunbonnet, silly," she told him without hesitation.

"Oh, right," Richard said. She chuckled.

"I should be wearing a sunbonnet on a day like this," Carrie said, again wiping her brow. Her skin glowed in the bright sunlight.

"You would look beautiful in one," Richard said, hoping he didn't appear too forward.

"Oh thank you, hon," she said. "That's very sweet."

Carrie again glanced down at his crotch, in the flow of the conversation. She was seemingly now using it as a point of focus, looking at her flowers, then into Richard's sweet, adoring eyes, then his crotch. Flowers, eyes, crotch. Flowers, eyes, crotch. She was driving Richard wild, and he feared his dick might burst out of his shorts if she kept glancing down at it.

"The bluebonnet is the state flower of Texas," she informed her stepson. He tried to appear interested in that little nugget of information, but now his attention was drawn to Carrie's large breasts, as he noticed the heat had caused his step mom to perspire a bit, her shirt a little damp. Her huge tits were pressed against her shirt, their outline clearly visible.

Richard enjoyed the moment.

He and Carrie would eventually retreat to inside the house, escaping the heat. The step mom cranked up the air conditioner as high as it would go, and voiced her relief.

"Aw that feels go good," she said as she let the cool air blow against her face and through her hair. "It is soooooo hot out there...But I did get some quality work done."

Richard stood in the middle of the kitchen, shuffling his feet a bit. He was also trying to hide his semi-erect penis, which bulged out against the left leg of his shorts.

"Oh Dick, come here, look at this," Carrie said, urging him over to the counter. "Look at the size of this cinnamon role!"

She opened up a white box, containing a cinnamon role she just purchased from the nearby bakery. The pastry was abnormally large, almost like a novelty item. How she raved over the sheer size of it made Richard reminiscent of the night before, when she raved over his very special body part.

"Can you believe this?" she asked, now holding up the giant pastry. "It's so huuuuuuuge! It's almost the size of my head."

Richard was amazed as well, but even more turned on by her excitement.

"Everything's bigger in Texas, I guess," she said, chuckling at her own statement. Richard's penis throbbed in his pants.

"So, Richard," she began. "Or wait, did you say you prefer to go by 'Dick?' I can't...remember. I know we had this discussion last night."

Richard gulped. The question caught him off guard.

"I know I've heard your friends call you 'Dick,' and I think some of the neighbors," she said, taking a nice, big bite out of the cinnamon role. As long as he lived, no one had ever called Richard by the name 'Dick,' which made Carrie the first one to do it. That made it even more special.

And Carrie, again, was maybe pulling these statements about his friends out of thin air just to force this new nickname on him.

"Um," Richard stammered.

"'Dick' just seems easier to say," she chuckled. "And in this heat, I'm all about making things easier."

"Yeah, 'Dick' is fine," Richard answered her.

"And when I hear the name, Richard, I just think of a nerdy scientist or something," she went on.

Richard was a little embarrassed now, but knew she was only having fun with him.

"Just kidding, sweetie," she said. "Richard is a fine name. I just like 'Dick' better."

Again, the young man struggled to conceal his growing hard-on.

"And besides," Carrie said, tossing one more bite of her cinnamon role in her mouth. "You do have one hell of a big one."

Her candidness made Richard both excited and bashful, and he laughed as a means of defense. She laughed along with him. His privates were not so private anymore. They were a subject of open conversation.

"You're a very...upstanding young man," she giggled, remembering his towering erection from the night before.

Richard definitely couldn't argue that. The proof was bulging out against his shorts, to a very noticeable degree. Carrie looked down at his clearly-defined erection, and chuckled.

"Does he know we're talking about him, hon?" she teased her stepson. "Seems like he really perked up when I mentioned him."

Richard struggled in vain to conceal his somewhat embarrassing boner, but Carrie reassured him.

"It's perfectly natural," Carrie told Richard. "And anyway, what happened to you becoming a nudist. What's with the shorts?"

Richard's erection now almost bounced out of those shorts, with the thought of once again being naked for the beautiful Carrie. The young man remembered that the night before, when his passions overcame him, he asked his step mom permission to go nude around the house. The thought excited him then. Now, his inhibitions returned, and his natural modesty prevented him from walking around completely bare.

"I'm just kidding with you, Richard," Carrie told him, back to addressing the boy by his full first name. "I know you're shy. That whole nudist thing - that's just not you."

Richard wanted to tell her 'that is me, that is me, I want to be naked for you, Carrie.' But the moment had passed. She walked over to the sink and went about doing dishes. She asked Richard if he would like some breakfast.

Richard wanted to show Carrie that he had overcome his shyness, but he would have to be patient. And Carrie had a way of making sure things moved along at a nice pace. She brought the best out in Richard, and got him to open up.

"You were one very excited boy last night, Richard," Carrie said sexily as she got ready to crack some eggs into a bowl. "I have never seen..."

Her head dipped a bit, some of her brown bangs now hanging over her soft brown eyes as she giggled.

"I have never seen that much COME in my life," she said, overemphasizing the word "come," as if to say, there's no other suitable word for it. "You just...erupted. Is that normal for you?"

Richard was proud of his ejaculatory feats, especially because they seemed to impress the hell out of Carrie.

"Pretty much," he said. "I -"

Carrie interrupted him.

"I guess, when your you-know-whats are as big as..." she began, now holding up two large Grade A eggs to demonstrate her point. Richard looked at the two huge eggs she held up in the sunlight which was shining through the kitchen window, and smiled.

"Those are some huge balls you have there young man," Carrie chuckled. "Some real low hangers...Just huge, huge balls. They must always be aching to release their seed."

Carrie said all this so calmly as she whisked some eggs and milk in a large bowl.

"I mean, you mentioned that last night that you do have to masturbate quite often," she went on.

"Yes, mam, I do," Richard had to admit. He found it so sexy how comfortable Carrie was while talking about his masturbatory habits. The conversation was right in stride with her preparing him his breakfast.

Just then, the doorbell rang.

"Oh, Dick, go get that, I think it's probably Janet," Carrie said. "She already phoned and said she had forgotten her key. I think I (ouch), I think I locked the door when I went out to the store earlier."

Carrie sucked on one of her fingers after burning it slightly on the stove. Richard walked briskly to the front door, his erection bouncing in his shorts. He tried to make it go down, but it wasn't easy.

He let Janet in, and already she had a smirk on her pretty face.

"Hi there, BIG brother," she teased him. He had to smile.

Janet looked like she had just come from her friend's pool. She had on a purple one-piece bathing suit, with khaki shorts over top, sort of like the gray shorts her mom was wearing. And their big, sexy asses that filled out those shorts were very similar as well. Janet's hair was still wet, as it every now and then would hang down over her adorable brown eyes. She had spent the morning in the pool, and who could blame her on a hot day like this.

Richard led her into the kitchen, where her mom was, and the whole time Janet looked up at her stepbrother with a beaming smile. She still couldn't believe what a package he had been hiding all these years.

"Stop looking at me," he teased, as they walked forward. She giggled.

Carrie was sitting at the table, stirring a cup of tea. She and her daughter spoke for a while, but as Richard seemed to drift out of the conversation, Carrie brought him right back into it.

"How's your tick bite, Richard?" the step mom asked him. Richard looked down at his shorts, and kind of shrugged.

"After you're done eating, I'll take a look at it," she told him calmly. Richard started to get aroused with that thought. Sounded like this would be round number two of his gorgeous step mom seeing him completely nude.

Carrie and her daughter spoke about their days so far, with Carrie speaking so proudly of her flowers, and Janet bragging about her friend's new in-ground pool. It sounded like it was nicer than theirs.

But what really intrigued Richard about their conversation was that it did not at all involve him, as though the events that transpired the night before - although amazing and very enjoyable for Janet and Carrie - did not faze them. Carrie and Janet felt it was perfectly normal, and acceptable, that they had seen Richard naked, and at the same time, at least to this point, he had no such right in reverse. Their bodies still demanded the utmost privacy.

At this very moment he dreamt of seeing either one, or both, of them nude, kind of put off by the fact he probably would not get to. But the fact they got such a kick out of his nudity made him very aroused.

"Alright, Ritchie boy," Carrie said, calling her stepson a variety of names these days, "let's go to the bathroom. Let me make sure that bite is healing properly."

As Richard finished off his toast, he got up and obediently followed Carrie towards the bathroom, eyeing her big, sexy ass as he walked behind her. Richard suddenly realized Janet was following.

"Are you coming with us?" her mom asked with a laugh.

"Yep," Janet said with conviction. The mom had no objections, and the three all walked into the small but accommodating downstairs bathroom.

Carrie very casually placed her thumbs inside the waistband of Richard's shorts, and gently pulled them down as she spoke to her daughter.

"I hope this magazine is for real," the mom said as she made conversation, still so happy about her sudden fame. "That would be so lovely if my babies got some recognition."

Richard, standing there in just his underwear, his shorts around his ankles, thought that Carrie might try to check his cut without getting him completely nude, but she gave that idea no such thought. Without even asking his permission, she simply yanked down his underwear, and his large penis flopped right on out, in plain view of the two women.

The flower conversation still flowed between the two gals, broken only by Janet's frenzied movements. She was trying to gain a better vantage point to Richard's exposed privates.

"Can you see okay?" her mom asked her with an amused chuckle. Janet now stood right alongside her mom.

"Yeah, I can see everything now," the young one said with great satisfaction.

Richard loved their enthusiasm. His passion for exhibitionism was growing by the minute, and so was his cock. This time, he felt no embarrassment with a rapidly growing erection.

"I just find it medically fascinating," Janet gave as a reason for her fascination with her naked stepbrother.

"What, a silly tick bite?" her mom asked.

"No," Janet scoffed. "His fucking dick."

Carrie couldn't help but laugh, and had to agree with her daughter.

"It is a doozer," Carrie agreed as she looked down at Richard's semi erect member. The conversation, for a moment, veered elsewhere.

"How on Earth did you forget your key this morning," Carrie asked her daughter, as the mom went about delicately removing Richard's bandage on his upper thigh.

"It was hot," Janet replied. "All I could think about was jumping in Liz's pool."

As Carrie now had Richard's bandage removed, she went about inspecting the cut, only some things interfered.

"I need you to hold your schlong, sweetie," Carrie whispered very delicately into Richard's ear, as Janet went on ranting and raving about the heat.

His step mother's openly candid language again excited young Richard. His penis had now grown to its fully erect state. He held it up against his body, eager to let the women marvel at it once again. Carrie now knelt before him.

"Have you ever seen anything like Richard's?" Janet asked her mom with a big smile.

"What...his tick bite?" the mom playfully answered as she went on inspecting the boy's thigh.

"I think you know what I'm referring to, mom," the daughter teased right back. Carrie gave the question her full attention, and sat back on that nice plump butt of hers and eyed Richard's enormous wang, which was covered by his hands at the moment, but its long, tubular proportions were clearly visible.

"I have seen my share of notable penises - through my nursing days and abroad," Carrie said, her hand over her chest as she spoke with great honesty. "But you don't come across something like Richard's very often."

Carrie marveled at his amazing appendage, then bent down and took one last look at his cut from the tick. She told Richard it looked fine, and that it was healing properly.

So there was really no further need for Richard to be naked from the waist down, but his stepsister insisted he remain that way.

"What did you say it was, 11 (laugh) and a half inches?" she asked her stepbrother, and she wasn't talking about the tick bite.

"Yeah," Richard answered, as he noticed Carrie stifling a chuckle. "Just short of a foot."

Feeling it was time for his erection to be unveiled once again, Richard took his hands away from his prick, and it bounced up and down as it was freed from his grasp. The women burst out laughing.

"Boy-yoi-yoi-yoi-yoing," Janet laughed, imitating its springy movements. Carrie went a step further, and meant to gently slap Richard's enormous dick, but hit it pretty hard, making it bounce violently up and down, even smacking his tummy. Janet found the sight hysterical. And Richard winced just a bit.


"Oops, I'm sorry, honey," Carrie said, now gently rubbing his hard-on. "I didn't mean to hit it that hard."

Richard now entertained the women by making his boner bounce up and down, side to side, and even tried to swing it about in a circular motion. Their laughter and smiles only egged him on further.

"I still can't believe it...of all the boys to have a really big one," Janet said with a grin. "My nerdy stepbrother..."

"Richard is a fine boy," Carrie told her. "He's smart, caring, adventurous..."

She gave Richard a wink.

"Why shouldn't he have a big schlong?" she said as she eyed his swaying member. "Good for him."

Richard took particular pleasure in being looked over so thoroughly by the two women, as they watched every movement made by his humongous pecker. Richard loved staring at Carrie's big thighs, as she now sat on the edge of the counter, one leg crossed over the other, gently tapping her foot in the air. As Richard glanced at his step mother, she seemed to display an heir of superiority over him, as she greatly enjoyed looking at his naked form, yet in turn showed no signs of removing any of her clothes.

And her daughter was also happily embracing this lovely double standard as well. Janet slowly dropped to her knees, inspecting the underside of Richard's massive tool.

"I bet if I went outside, and took Richard with me," she said eyeing the boy's lengthy hardon from underneath. "I could sit underneath his dick and use it for shade."

Carrie burst out laughing, and - like she always did, seemingly just to torture Richard ever so blissfully - she slapped her thigh to show her amusement.

"Well there ya' go, now you're thinking," she teased her daughter. "We won't even need to bring an umbrella next time we go to the beach. (laugh) We'll just bring Richard. He can shield us."

With the atmosphere in the room loose and care-free, Janet decided to voice her own curiosity.

"What's it feel like?" she asked her mom, referring to Richard's huge erect phallus.

"Well don't ask me, touch it for yourself," her mom encouraged her.

Janet looked up at Richard with a nervous smile, then at his hard prick, and gently reached out. Richard playfully wagged his erection back and forth, as to elude her grasp, but she in turn made sure to grab hold of it.

"Gotcha," she said. Richard groaned softly in contentment as his stepsister had his huge cock in her hands for the first time.

The first few tugs on it gave Janet a great appreciation of its size.

"Oh God, it's so fucking big," she said as her tiny, delicate fingers could barely encircle his massive stalk.

"I told you," the mom said. "Believe me, after you left last night, I had to give him relief."

"You jerked him off?" the daughter asked her mom in an amused tone.

"I had to," Carrie said, crossing her gorgeous legs. She looked squarely at Richard. "Dick, you are like a cow that has to be milked."

The two young ones laughed.

"Moo," Richard said, playing along.

As much fun as they were having, especially Richard, Carrie never lost sight of the fact that this was a good educational experience for her daughter.

"Just get used to how it feels," she told Janet as the 18-year-old slowly, and still somewhat tentatively, stroked up and down on Richard's colossal dong. "Just caress it, stroke it. Enjoy the touch of it. Enjoy the penis. Don't fear the penis."

Janet, albeit with a few girlish giggles, heeded her mother's advice, and began to feel more and more comfortable applying such sensual strokes to Richard's most private part.

"Does this feel good?" she asked the boy, looking up at him as her hands somewhat increased their tempo.

"Oh God, you have no fucking idea," he said as he now stared up at the ceiling blissfully. The mom and daughter cracked up, as Richard rarely uttered a curse word so openly, signifying how unique this moment was. He was caught up in the emotion. He groaned out loud.

"Don't let him come too quickly," the mom urged as she could sense Richard getting closer to the edge. "Maybe stop stroking his schlong and play with his balls a bit. Be gentle though..."

Janet released Richard's pecker from her grasp, chuckling as she saw the huge erection bounce to and fro in the air without any constraint. She now reached under his penis and took hold of his balls, amazed at their weight as she lightly bounced them up and down in her right hand.

"Wo," she said. "You must be ready to explode again. Mom, you should feel his nuts, they're so fucking heavy."

"I can imagine, sweetie," Carrie laughed. "And look at the head of his penis, see that moisture?"

Janet, now rolling Richard's massive nuts around in her hand, eyed the head of Richard's pole with scrutiny, and saw the wetness that her mom referred to.

"That's precome, sweetie," she told Janet. "You've really gotten him worked up. That precome means he is very close...to erupting."

Carrie was going to simply say "close to ejaculating," but erupting seemed a better word for Richard's capabilities.

After playing with his balls and getting an idea for the amount of come Richard was preparing to shoot forth, Janet was about to go back to stroking his unrelenting erection, but with more ammunition.

She very slowly and very sexily wriggled out of her khaki shorts, and her sexy thighs - by virtue of a very skimpy bathing suit - were being shown off in an almost tortuous fashion.

"Oh God, that's just not right," Richard whined as his cock throbbed in the open air. The two women burst out laughing at Richard's discomfort.

"He really needs to come," Carrie said sympathetically.

"God, Ritchie boy, you really are a leg man, huh," Janet said. "I'm just gonna have to wear this bathing suit more often, aren't I?"

She now even went to greater lengths by doing knee lifts, showing off her spectacular legs and watching Richard stare open-mouthed. He loved how her big, tan thighs appeared even more substantial when she lifted each knee up, parallel to the floor, almost in hypnotic fashion.

"Now what you are doing is definitely bringing him to full arousal," Carrie told her daughter, as they both happily watched Richard's prick throb and thrust before him. "He obviously likes you. And he clearly likes your legs. It's a nice, healthy vibe you have going here...And now I think it's time you allowed him release."

Richard noted how Carrie used the word "allowed," as if it was up to Janet when he would be given the permission to come. He enjoyed the control she had over him at the moment, and enjoyed her touch.

The young brunette went back to stroking Richard's enormous hard-on, only with much more purpose. She applied long but rapid strokes, going up and down the entire length of his pole, and every now and then looking him in the eyes with a sweet, caring grin.

"Come on, big guy, come for me," she whispered to him, and those were the final words that were needed.

Richard clenched up, jutted out his midsection, and unleashed a huge, unbroken stream of come that splattered against Janet's tummy.

"Oh my God," she laughed, as Carrie looked on in amazement.

"Oh, Janet," Richard groaned aloud, as a second and equally copious amount of semen was unleashed from his prick, and given the arc that Janet now had his cock positioned at, the come reached all the way up to Janet's covered breasts, soaking the top of her bathing suit.

"Richard, Jesus," she laughed, but her amusement and amazement did not stop her from continuing to stroke his huge tool.

Another rope of come shot forth, this one going all the way up Janet's arm, to her elbow, and then another stream of ejaculate drenched her left thigh. Like she was holding a huge squirt gun, Janet then aimed Richard's donkeyesque member in the direction of her mom.

"Don't you dare," the mom kidded her daughter, but it was too late. Richard's dick released another warm, gooey dose of its seed, this time all over Carrie's wonderful calves. When the young mother bent down to see the results of Janet's manipulations, another shot of come erupted from Richard's dork and doused Carrie's hair. Her daughter burst out laughing at the scene she had created.

There was her mom, sitting on the edge of the sink, her head looking down at the floor, and huge rivulets of come dripped down from her brown bangs. Carrie couldn't help but wear a broad smile.

"Please get me a towel," she requested with great amusement. Janet wasn't quite ready to relinquish control of Richard's cock.

"I don't know if it's done," she laughed, as she milked a few more smaller streams of semen from his huge, fat boner.

"It's done enough damage," Carrie laughed. "Please, Janet, a towel."

Janet finally let go of Richard's mighty pork sword, watching it shrink to its flaccid state, with shrink not really being the best word in this case. Even though completely soft, Richard's penis still hung down past his enormous balls, bigger than most penises when fully erect.

"Richard," the step mom said as she wiped the come from her hair. "You should not be able to operate that thing without parental supervision, young man."

All three of them laughed.

"That was even more than last night," Janet said gleefully.

"Yes. Yes it was," Carrie clarified, as she now rubbed some of Richard's wonderful come into her soft, supple calves. "We'll have to try and top it next time."

'Next time? There is going to be a next time?' Richard pondered. The thought warmed his heart.

"You did fine, Janet," Carrie instructed her daughter, as this was the first time the young one got to bring a penis to climax. "But you still have sooooo much to learn."

And Richard didn't mind being Carrie's teaching tool, and a rather large tool at that.

"She's definitely on her way to being a woman," Richard said, still standing completely naked before the two women. "God, the way you showed off your legs, sis, my God...I guess amazing legs run in your family."

A naughty grin came across Janet's face.

"And we sure know what runs in the Parker family, on the male side that is," she said with a smile. The mom looked like she might burst if she didn't provide the answer.

"Big dicks," Carrie said happily, loving how naughty she sounded. Richard laughed along with them.

"I'm sorry, Richard, but there's no really no other way to put it," the mom laughed. Richard swung his ample organ from side to side, as if to say he was fine with Carrie's lewd description.

Richard finally put his shorts back on, and the three headed off in opposite directions for the afternoon.

"Oh, and Richard," Carrie began. "Don't make any plans for after dinner later tonight. I have something very serious to talk to you about."

TO BE CONTINUED

The Tick Incident Ch. 03
bybess_armstrong©

It was a long, eventful day, and Carrie, Janet and Richard decided to go on their own way after dinner. All three of them eventually turned in early.

Carrie told Richard that she did have something important to discuss with him, but it would have to wait until tomorrow. All three were so worn out. Whatever this topic of conversation was, Carrie seemed that it warranted a full night's rest in order to discuss.

It made Richard a little nervous.

The next morning, everyone was refreshed.

Richard felt the urge to tag along with Carrie and Janet for the day, as he became more and more addicted to the pleasure they had now both been giving him. But seeing as how they each attended to their own affairs, Richard was forced to spend the afternoon with his friends.

Janet had left to go visit some new neighborhood boy, and Carrie had abruptly gone to pick up some gardening tools. She described at great length what she needed for her flowers, but Richard found it difficult to pay attention. Flowers never really kept his interest.

He did, however, remember that he and his step mother would be having a serious talk before the day was done. He couldn't help but ponder if this meeting - whether it be directly or in a roundabout way - had something to do with his dick. It amused him that that was all he could think about the last couple days, but Carrie and Janet did in fact do their part to make his penis a very celebrated figure in recent hours.

Richard had to temper his curiosity about this important meeting with Carrie, and go on with his day. He decided to have a few of his buddies over for swimming, and it would prove to be a fun afternoon of roughhousing, name calling and tall tales.

In-ground pools were the new trend, but although it was above ground and looked sort of outdated and worn, Richard's pool was still the place to be on a hot day like this.

"Dude, I fucked Amber Hewitt last night," said the loudmouth of the bunch, Barney Bussett.

"Yeah right," said Richard's other close friend, Craig Nichols, who always lived across the street since Richard was a youngster.

Amber Hewitt was an almost legendary figure at Temple High School the last couple years, a girl so gorgeous that she seemed to pop up in just about every local boy's fantasies from time to time. She had long black hair, piercing green eyes, and of course the other physical attributes that many boys Richard's age tend to dwell on. She had enormous breasts, and a cute bubble butt that could always be seen bouncing around campus. She was always somewhere, stealing the show, whether it be cheerleading practice, football games, the prom...

Richard still remembered fondly how he had a nice conversation with the girl earlier in the year. They both had detention that day, were sitting next to each other, and she dropped her pencil, and Richard was ever so polite in leaning over and picking it up for her.

She gave him such a sweet smile, and thanked him, and they made small talk about what each of them did to wind up in detention that otherwise gorgeous afternoon. Richard couldn't help but fantasize about - well, as good ole' Barney Bussett put it - her "huge melon tits."

Just as he fondly thought of them, Richard's daydream was abruptly ended, by the sudden feel of a boogie board smacking against his head.

"Yo, asshole, what are you doing?" Richard yelled at Craig, who was responsible for pushing the aforementioned pool toy in Richard's direction as he waded in the water.

"I was trying to wake you up, man, sorry," Craig laughed. Richard rubbed his head where the board had lightly struck it, and told Craig it was okay. Richard playfully jumped on his buddy's back, and dunked him underneath the water.

When the two resurfaced, Barney was already starting another - even more provocative - conversation.

"I bet Richard was daydreaming about his hot step mom," Barney laughed.

"Oh, no, here we go again," Craig replied, then went underneath the water.

"Dude, enough about Carrie," Richard chuckled. "I gotta hear this from you 24-7. Enough."

Barney found it time to get up out of the water and relax on the deck, his legs wading in the pool. Not swimming anymore, he could now focus his attention on voicing his fantasies concerning Carrie.

Along with being the school mascot the last three years, which allowed Barney to dress up in a "Wildcat" costume and act like a goofball, he always tried to be the center of attention, whether in costume or not.

"I would just love to kiss her thighs," he contemplated, looking up at the sky.

"Yeah, yeah, it's always about the thighs," Richard laughed, letting Barney have his fun.

"She does have some great fucking legs, dude," Craig had to admit.

Richard himself could not resist thinking about Carrie's delightful limbs, and her increasingly sexy behavior around him.

"Dude, great fucking tits too," Barney added.

"They are melons," Craig added, now swimming on his back as he fantasized about Richard's gorgeous step mom.

"I have to admit, she is unbelievable," Richard finally said. "But she is my step mom. It's not like we're related, but she's still kind of like an authority figure to me."

That aspect only drove the boys more wild.

"Oh my God, I would let her give me a spanking," Barney said.

Richard now realized any attempt to get them to stop discussing Carrie was useless. But hearing the two boys talk about her so longingly, Richard gained a deeper appreciation for what he had with Carrie. She was the object of his friends' fantasies, and he got to experience her on a daily basis, in real life.

She had seen him naked not once, but twice, had stroked his cock to an amazing orgasm, and then urged her daughter to do the same. He would have loved to share these experiences with Barney and Craig, but found that now was not the time yet. What he had going with Carrie and Janet was so special, and still in its early stages, that he did not want to do anything to jeopardize it from continuing.

That said, Barney was not the careful type like Richard. As talk about Carrie deepened, Barney's behavior got all the more outlandish, as he now stood up on the deck, professing his love for the sexy brunette.

"Dude, if Carrie was here, I would be like..."

And just as he spoke, Barney yanked down his swim trunks to his knees, much to the chagrin - and then amusement - of the other two boys. Barney swung his hips so that his flaccid member frolicked in the afternoon breeze.

"Carrie would be like 'oh my God, Barney, you're so big,'" Barney said, describing his fantasy. Barney did in fact have a larger than average penis. Just as shy as Richard was about his enormous wang, Barney was all too proud to show his off. It wasn't as large as Richard's but large nonetheless, and the more he swung it about, its hearty slaps against his thighs rung out across the pool.

"Dude, put that thing away," Craig laughed, swimming towards the other end of the pool. "Christ, I can see your balls too."

"My dick and my balls have not spoken in years, isn't that a shame?" Barney joked. "They're bitter enemies."

Richard and Craig looked at each other and laughed. They knew his friend had a very outrageous sense of humor. So lost in the moment though, none of the boys saw what - or who - was coming.

"Wow, I didn't know there was a full moon," said a woman's voice.

It was Carrie, who was walking up onto the deck.

Barney, startled, turned ever so slightly around to see who it was, his large floppy member whipping around his leg just a bit. Carrie's eyes saw the head of his dangly dick, and covered her eyes, blushing and giggling.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry, Mrs. Parker," Barney stammered, his demeanor much different from a moment ago.

He quickly pulled up his bathing suit to conceal his backside and privates, but his embarrassment could not be concealed.

"What on Earth were (laugh)...what on Earth were you doing, Barney Bussett?" Carrie laughed as she sat down on one of the benches on the deck, crossing her legs. Her brown hair blew gently in the breeze, a tight blue and white Cowboys T-shirt hugging her large breasts. She had on a pair of khaki shorts that hugged her big, beautiful butt just right.

"I had a problem with my bathing suit," Barney said, trying to make up any excuse for his behavior.

"I can see you did," Carrie smiled. "I guess you realized the problem was that bathing suits work a lot better when they're pulled up."

The teasing tone in Carrie's voice only made Barney more embarrassed, much to the delight of Craig and Richard.

"I'm sorry, Mrs. Parker, it won't happen again," he said.

"It's okay," she laughed, gently rubbing his knee as he stood before her. "Boys will be boys, right?"

Carrie's smile and her charm made the boys feel at ease, especially Barney, whose nude shenanigans not only did not offend Carrie, but now she seemed to encourage them.

"Boys always skinny dipped when I was in high school," she said, reminiscing. "There was a lake - now there's houses there - right behind 'Old Man' Custard's Ranch, and the boys would go swimming nude many an afternoon during the summer..."

Craig and Barney were spellbound by Carrie's words. Just as she lured them in with her words, she crossed her legs, the thighs that Barney spoke of now fully on display.

"And (laugh), me and my friends would go and spy on them," she went on.

Barney and Craig's eyes widened, and so too did Richard's.

"We saw all of our male classmates in a very different light, to say the least," Carrie laughed. "I guess we were too shy to alert them of our presence. It probably would have been more fun to interact with them instead of crouching behind bushes, but we were shy...We just sat and watched, and compared...and contrasted..."

Her girlish giggle was intoxicating to the boys.

"You saw all of the boys naked, Mrs. Parker?" Barney said, now sitting down in order to hide a bulging erection.

The more questions they asked, Carrie seemed to be that much more open.

"Um-mmm," she casually nodded. "I mean you have to understand our curiosity, and as little male nudity as there is in mainstream culture nowadays, well - lemme tell you - there was even less back then. To think we had to resort to crouching behind bushes and peaking out through trees to get a glimpse of...the male anatomy (giggle), it's kind of sad in a way."

Barney's loveable bravado and gumption now kicked back in.

"Mrs. Parker, me and the guys are gonna skinny dip here from 4 to 6 p.m. every day the rest of the summer," he said in a matter-of-fact tone. "You can sit right here, on one of the benches, you won't have to hide or anything..."

Everyone erupted into laughter with Barney's open invitation.

"You want me to see you naked, Barney Bussett, is that what you're implying, young man?" she teased, crossing her legs.

"I'm very proud of what God has bestowed upon me," he teased.

"Oh are you now," she laughed.

The other boys could sense now was the time Barney was going to take this conversation to a whole other level, and maybe go too far.

"I have a nine-inch penis," he muttered, then immediately went under water.

Richard and Craig both cringed with his somewhat lewd statement, but also laughed because it typified Barney's personality.

"Did I hear him right?" Carrie asked with a smile, leaning closer to the water.

"Did he just say he has a...," she questioned, more amused than anything.

Richard and Craig didn't want to clarify his remark. They waited for Barney to re-emerge.

"Barney, please repeat that last statement," Carrie said clearly to the young man.

He got a bit embarrassed, his bravado and libido tempered by his shyness around Carrie.

"I have a nine-inch penis," he forced himself to say, enjoying the rush he got from talking about such things around Carrie.

"Really? Wow," the young woman said teasingly. "That is amazing."

Any other mom would have been offended to a great extent, but Carrie found infinite delight in the boys openly discussing their sexuality, in an atmosphere where Carrie's authority could clearly be felt.

She sat up on the deck, with the three boys beneath her in the water. The deck put her up higher than the boys, as it appeared like she was perched up on a throne, with all three boys struggling for her attention.

"You do not have a nine-inch dick, dude," Craig argued. "You're so full of shit...Sorry, Mrs. Parker."

"It's okay, Craig," she giggled.

Richard loved the way Carrie looked, and acted. The sun reflected so nicely off her pretty face, creating a certain glow. Her hand rested so gently on her knee, as she appeared totally at ease.

The boys, however, were so restless, wrestling around in the water as they argued back and forth, each of them trying to impress and amuse beautiful Carrie.

"Nine inches, you're so full of it," Craig repeated. "Mrs. Parker, this is like the time Barney said Roger Staubach came over his house for dinner."

Richard and his step mom looked at each other and cracked up.

"Or like the time, Barney, you said your dad invented Astro turf," Richard chimed in.

Carrie continued to giggle, and then was overcome with laughter as she remembered another one of Barney's stories.

"I remember a certain Barney Bussett claiming that Frank Sinatra sang at his 10th birthday party," Carrie said.

"Oh come on, that was so long ago," Barney argued, now feeling overmatched by the other three.

Carrie again crossed her luscious limbs, her big thighs looking so good as a bronze tan made them even more appealing.

"Barney Bussett, you are one of a kind," she laughed.

"I really am, Mrs. Parker, I swear," he said, again referencing his supposed large organ.

"Dude, enough," Craig told him, although he knew there was no use trying to quiet his buddy.

Carrie gave Barney a smirk, a look that he could feel across the pool. It was a look of doubt in reference to his claim, but also a look of appreciation for his boyish enthusiasm.

"No more lengthy stories about your anatomy," Carrie said, then laughing at her own pun. "And I'm sure whatever God has bestowed upon you, in your words, is just fine enough."

"But it's a really special one, I swear," Barney insisted, swimming closer to Carrie. He could smell her perfume in the air. There was a scent of strawberries.

"You'll have to excuse him, mam, he thinks with his d-," Craig said, but then stopping himself from using a crude word.

"He thinks with his dick? Is that what you were going to say?" Carrie laughed.

Hearing Carrie use the word "dick" was thrilling in itself for Barney and Craig. Her openness surprised them.

"Most boys do at that age," Carrie added. "You know, think with their...(laugh). But I hope not all the time, Barney. And good Heavens, did you finally graduate yet?"

Barney, unlike the other two boys, had to attend summer school, but he was almost done.

"I just have one more exam, and a report on a historical figure," he said.

"Oh, and what historical figure did you choose?" Carrie asked.

"Ulysses Parker," Barney answered.

Richard looked over at his friend, giving him a funny look.

"Oh, Richard's great, great, great, grandfather," Carrie said. "One of the heroes of the Alamo."

"Dude, if you're thinking of just copying the report I did on him, that's not gonna work," Richard protested.

Barney was flustered.

"Why not?" he asked.

"Dude, that report is so old. I did that report in fourth grade," he answered.

Again, everyone laughed, and Barney's plan was dashed.

"You and your crazy schemes, Barney Bussett," Carrie said.

She now rose up, as if she was readying herself to head in.

"Well I'm still gonna do the report on him," Barney said. "Ulysses was a great man."

Barney said that last part with a smirk, as if he was referring to something other than Ulysses' military record.

"He was a really great man from the rumors I hear," Carrie chimed in.

Barney perked up even more, happy to share this inside joke with Richard's hot step mom.

"Maybe you could write about that part of his life story for extra credit," she suggested, saying it sort of jokingly but with some seriousness in her voice.

"Yeah, that would be cool," Barney said.

Carrie giggled.

Richard had no idea what the heck they were talking about. Before he could ask, the moment had passed.

"How old are you, Mrs. Parker, like 25?" Barney asked, all of his attention bestowed upon Carrie.

She gave him a cute smirk again.

"That's very flattering, Barney, but your math skills need some work," she said. "That would mean I would have had Janet when I was seven."

Barney smiled.

"I'm 35," she told him, waving off a bee. "Janet was born shortly after I finished high school."

"Where did you grow up?" was his follow-up question, his interest in her relentless.

Carrie looked at Craig and Richard as if to say 'can you believe this guy?' But she didn't mind the attention.

"I grew up in Dripping Springs, just outside Austin," she said. "I moved about for some time because of nursing, but I finally settled in Temple, oh, in...1970 I believe. Yes."

Barney now got out of the pool just so he could sit near Carrie. She was unfazed, but seemingly the closer he got to her, the more nervous he was. She could even see a bulge in his bathing suit, as he had to pull the article of clothing away from his body to give his growing erection more room. Carrie giggled to herself at the sight.

"You have such amazing legs, how do you stay in such great shape?" Barney gushed.

"Well, mostly from running around," she laughed, "picking up Janet and Dick wherever they need a ride to."

"Dude, when are you gonna get a car and make it easier for your step mom?" Barney griped, in Richard's direction.

It cracked everybody up how Barney was coming to Carrie's defense.

"Oh, Barney, I know Dick can't afford his own car," she said. "He hasn't had time to get a part-time job, plus, I need him around here the next couple weeks for some...things..."

She glanced over at her stepson with a pleasant grin on her face, like she had something planned. This must be what she had to talk to him about later, and now the suspense was driving Richard wild.

"Wow, 35," Barney said, his attention back on Carrie.

"Yep, the age a lot of women reach their sexual peak," she added, knowing it would excite him.

She even winked at Richard and Craig as if to say 'let's see how Barney reacts to that statement.'

"Yeah, I heard that about women," Barney said, shuffling in his seat on the bench nearest Carrie.

"And it's weird, Barney, because the sexual peak for men is, well, 18," she said to him.

"You're 35, I'm 18," he said, putting the numbers together, which wasn't always easy for Barney Bussett to do. "It's like we were meant to be together, Mrs. Parker."

Craig and Richard, both getting out of the pool at this time, laughed like Barney just told a funny joke.

"I think Richard's father would have something to say about that," Carrie laughed, "but that is very sweet, Barney."

As all three of the boys, and Carrie, now stood on the deck together, Carrie glanced around openly at all of their naked upper bodies, enjoying how their muscular, young physiques looked even more enticing with water dripping from them. She then glanced downward, and her eyes inevitably went to Richard's bathing suit, and Carrie could see the outline of his tubular organ snaking down his right thigh. Richard did his best to hide it, but she smiled as she noticed its appearance.

And then she stared. There was plenty to look at in the Parkers' backyard - the lush green grass, chirping Hummingbirds, fresh-cut Blue Bonnetts and butterfly bushes - but Carrie instead chose to stare at Richard's penis, whether it was covered or not. And by coincidence or not, it wasn't hard to predict what the next word out of her mouth would be, considering what her mind dwelled on. 

"Dick," she said clearly, "are you ready to go in?"

He nodded, and the three boys headed away from the pool and towards the patio, with Carrie walking alongside them.

"Is it cool if we go skinny dipping here from now on, Mrs. Parker?" Barney asked with utmost sincerity.

"Jesus, dude," Craig laughed.

Carrie smiled at Barney's enthusiasm.

"Just don't make too much of a racket, that's all," she suggested. "The Fishers are away on vacation. No one should bother you as long as you act civilized."

Barney was overjoyed.

"I may just stop by to check on you guys, making sure you're behaving yourselves," she said plainly.

With that, Carrie was basically saying she would be there to watch. Sure, she implied that it was for safety reasons, but Barney dwelled on the fact that Carrie would be watching them swim nude.

As his friends anticipated the next afternoon, Richard had something to look forward to that night.

---------------------------------------

Richard sat at the kitchen table, getting ready for dinner.

Carrie was out on the patio grilling steaks, and her stepson could see her big round butt hugged nice and snug by khaki shorts.

He enjoyed the view for a few moments until she came back into the kitchen, with a big smile.

"Sorry my friends were such idiots today, Carrie," he apologized.

"Oh," she said, waving her hand, "they're harmless."

Richard eyed the steaks Carrie was holding on a platter, and looked forward to the meal. Carrie went on chatting.

"I bet," she began, then licking her fingers, "oh wow, this steak sauce is so good. I bet that uh..."

Her mind drifted as she set out plates and began laying out the food.

"I bet Barney is going to have a very tough adjustment next year in college, especially without you and Craig around," she said, placing a good helping of mashed potatoes on Richard's plate.

"Carrie, he's only going to junior college, I'm sure he'll be okay," the stepson answered.

"Well that's what I mean, Dick, you'll be off at Baylor and Craig will be at Oklahoma - poor Barney's gonna be lost," she said as she finally sat down and began eating.

She had set a place for Janet, but kept her daughter's food warm in the oven.

"Maybe you can watch after him," Richard joked as he took a bite of steak. "Wow, this is really good...I'm sure he would enjoy your company."

Carrie smiled.

"He has taken quite a shine to me, hasn't he," the step mom said with a glowing smile.

"He's in LOVE with you," Richard answered. It only made Carrie even more delighted.

"He's adorable," she said. "You guys pick on him too much. You know he's always felt a void since his father left..."

"I know, I know," Richard said.

"Well? That's probably why he makes up all those stories, just to feel more important," she said. "Is your steak cooked well enough, sweetie?"

Richard was almost half done eating his steak, so clearly he had no problem with it.

"Yeah, it's great," he said. "This is one of the best steaks I've had in a while."

Carrie slowly put one bite in her mouth. Richard loved to watch her eat. Anything that brought more attention to her lips and mouth aroused him greatly.

"Do you think they'll really do it?" Richard couldn't help but ask.

"What's that, hon?" Carrie replied.

"Go skinny dipping," the young man specified. "What Barney was talking about."

Carrie had a delightful grin on her face as she took a sip of iced tea.

"I don't know, Richard, what do you think?" she asked.

Richard sensed the ambiguity to that question. In one sense, Carrie was simply asking him if he thought his friends would go through with it, but at the same time, it was like she was asking Richard if HE would go through with it.

"Um, I don't know," he answered. "It wasn't my idea. I mean, they were talking about doing it, really just Barney was. I don't know if I..."

She gave him this warm smile, as if she thought the more bashful he got, the more adorable he seemed. But at this point, Carrie was intent on stripping Richard of his bashfulness, among other things.

As the two enjoyed a nice moment, Janet came storming through the front door.

"God, cheerleading practice sucked," she said. "The coach is such a bitch."

"It was just your first day, sweetheart," Carrie said as she got up and fixed her daughter a plate. "Give it time."

"Yeah and besides," Richard chimed in, "this is junior college cheerleading. The BIG show."

He and Carrie smiled at each other, having a bit of fun with the young girl.

"Oh ha-ha," Janet answered as she sat down. "Yeah so Temple College (laugh), isn't exactly the big time...But you won't be poking fun when I'm a Cowboys cheerleader someday. Then you'll get to see these beauties on T.V. every Sunday."

Again, she taunted him - and teased him and aroused him - with her great legs. The shorts she was wearing barely reached down below her thighs. Richard dreamed of planting kiss after kiss on her soft, supple tan beauties, and all the while he loved how their playful back-and-forth dialogue.

"At least I'm already doing college stuff," Janet said as she had some steak - Carrie always gave her the smallest one, which Richard thought was cute.

It looked so tiny compared to the huge T-bone he had already woofed down.

"What did you do all day, hang out with Tweetle Dee and Tweetle Dumb?," Janet asked.

"If you mean Barney and Craig, yes, they were all hanging out in the pool all afternoon," Carrie said as she sat back down.

"Oh God," Janet answered. "Craig is nice...I used to think Barney was kind of cute until I found out what a screw-up he is."

Just about everyone thought that, except for Richard, who had always been chums with the lad, and Carrie, who saw something special in young Barney.

Before they began a debate on the topic, Janet changed the subject.

"Hey, Mom, did you tell Richard the BIG news?" the young girl asked teasingly.

She even followed up her question with a wicked laugh.

Richard then glanced over at his step mom, who also was sporting a rather amused grin.

"I did not," Carrie said with conviction. "After dinner, Richard and I will have a talk about it."

"Ha!" Janet cried out. "Wait til you hear this, Ritchie boy."

Richard could do nothing but sit and wait for Carrie and Janet to finish eating. A second ago, he felt full, content. Now, his stomach was in a tizzy, butterflies flapping about.

He was nervous, and somehow greatly aroused. He had a feeling Carrie had something planned for him.

------------------------------

"Okay," Carrie began as she and Richard sat on his bed, with the door closed. Just as the step son readied himself for this supposed big news, Carrie sat quiet for a few moments and just gave Richard a beaming smile.

"What is it?" he asked with a laugh.

"Oh, Richard, I hope I haven't put you in an awkward position," she said.

Richard started to get the feeling that whatever this big news was, Carrie had already decided Richard's fate on the matter.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Well, lemme go ahead and explain," Carrie answered him, crossing her legs.

She took another deep breath, and calmly glanced around at all of the posters that decorated Richard's wall. One in particular stole her attention.

"Oh, is that a new one?" she asked him. "I haven't seen that one before."

She was trying to make Richard comfortable before delving into a more serious topic.

"Yeah, it's Tony Dorsett," Richard told her. "I just picked it up at the mall last week."

"Very nice," the step mom said. "I love the posters. I just wish you would clean in here..."

Richard glanced around at all the clothes and magazines and papers that cluttered the floor.

"Seriously, Dick, it's like a twister blew through here," Carrie laughed.

The young man shook his head, unsure of what to say.

"Anyway," Carrie began, now moving her body a bit so she faced Richard more directly.

"As you know, I think you know anyway, I took up teaching again this past year?" she asked. "You know, just some part time stuff. My schedule at the hospital is kind of crazy but I do love teaching so I try to fit it in."

"Oh yeah, I remember, doing some substitute jobs," he said.

"Exactly," she replied calmly. "And, well, the last class that I was supposed to teach was sex ed."

"Oh. Okay," Richard answered.

"But as you remember, we had the freak snow storm, and classes got cancelled for a week and everything got bumped back..." she went on, "and the class got postponed to the summer, which ultimately meant it got cancelled all together. Because you know as well as I do that the kids weren't gonna want to come in during the summer just to take some one-week class."

"Right," Richard said.

"Until," Carrie interjected, "I got a call from Miss Weathers over at Temple College and said they were still having the class, only it was now going to be offered for college credits. You know before it was just for high school kids, but now they've kind of expanded the curriculum where it's, well, I think sex seminar would be a better term for it since it's a much more expansive class. Sex ed, you just think of kids first learning how babies are made. Kind of basic stuff."

"Right," Richard interjected.

"It's also," Carrie went on, "sort of a social tool for the young women who decide to partake. Of course a lot of kids will join because they think it's an easy one or two credits. Kind of the dangling carrot to lure them in. But they really all should take advantage of the class. It's really going to be great."

Richard nodded in approval.

"And wouldn't you know it, about 15 or so girls went right ahead and signed up already," Carrie said excitedly.

"Wow," Richard said. "And the class is all girls, right?"

"All girls," Carrie told him, as the step mom and stepson looked each other right in the eyes. "A lot of it deals with you know, female sexuality, and also social topics, like how to steer clear of trouble in a college setting - whether it be dating or parties...it covers a wide range of topics."

Richard loved the way her eyes sparkled as the sun shined through the window. He was lost for a second, but Carrie quickly broke him out of his trance.

"But there is (giggle), a rather large part of the curriculum dealing with the male anatomy," she said. "You know, the male sex organs. This part of the class is designed to give the women a better understanding of all those special parts of a young, healthy male."

Richard's penis twitched in his shorts. The discussion was getting a lot more interesting.

"And we were supposed to have a live male model come in for that part of the class," Carrie explained.

"But, contract difficulties - basically he wanted more money - prompted us to find someone else," she said.

"Gladys - you know, Miss Weathers, was going into panic mode until I told her I already had someone in mind," Carrie said. "I said he's young, handsome, real easy going, great with others, and I told her, quite honestly, he'd probably do it for free."

"Who'd you get?" Richard asked, interested.

Carrie gave him a surprised smirk.

"Sweetie?!" she said, surprised he had to ask. "You. I told Gladys you would be glad to do it."

"Me?" he asked surprised. "You told her I would do it?"

"Well of course," Carrie said. "In fact she was overjoyed considering it was someone I knew well because, we are dealing with young women here...We want someone we feel comfortable with."

The butterflies returned in Richard's stomach, and his penis also began to rise.

"What would I have to do?" Richard asked.

Carrie crossed her legs, and calmly rested one of her delicate hands on her right knee.

"Do? You won't have to do anything," she reassured him, although Richard would in fact have to do plenty, but she didn't want to overwhelm him.

"I just have to...what?" he pondered aloud

Carrie smiled.

"Well the biggest thing, obviously," she began, "is you will have to be completely naked. For the entire class."

"H-how long is the class?" he could barely get out.

"Uh, 90 minutes," she told him hesitantly.

Richard's penis now grew to a full erection as it stretched down the right leg of his shorts. But at the same time, he had a feeling of anxiety in his stomach. He loved the idea of being naked in front of Carrie and Janet, but 15 girls? Possibly more?

"We are going to cover a lot of ground," she told him with a cute grin. "There's appearance - you know, just getting a good idea of the physical appearance of the male genitals. We'll talk about the penis, the testes - BALLS, if you will."

She was trying to lighten the mood. Richard chuckled.

"And we'll ever so delicately delve into erections, ejaculation..." she went on.

"Ejaculation?" Richard asked surprised.

"Um-mmm," she calmly nodded. "I'm sure you'll really enjoy putting on a show in that regard."

"Oh wow," he couldn't help but say. Richard was excited on the inside, but he looked nervous.

"I just thought," Carrie said soothingly, rubbing his knee, "that, given your um, very unique endowment (giggle)...this would be a lot of fun for the girls...And for you."

Their eyes met again, with Carrie offering Richard a heart-warming smile.

"And plus," she added, "girls sitting in the back row won't have to squint to see what we're talking about. Yours - you can see it from a great distance, let's just put it that way."

They both laughed as the mood lightened.

"But all kidding aside, sweetie," Carrie said, "it is going to be rather intense. There is going to be a heck of a lot of emphasis on your cock."

There were times when Carrie would mince words, or be delicate when regarding Richard's anatomy. This was not one of those times. She felt this was not a time to be coy.

"A whole lot of eyes are going to be on you, on your cock," she said with utmost sincerity. "Just to give you fair warning...but I think you would be really good for this."

She then playfully pinched his cheek. His face was flushed so red with excitement, Carrie's fingers created a white hue on the boy's cheek for just a moment.

"I really think the girls will warm up to you," Carrie went on. "You have a certain quality, Richard, and I'm not just talking about your mammoth cock."

Her candidness got Richard's attention.

"You have a certain sweetness about you," she said.

"Thank - " he began. He was trying to thank her but she went right on talking.

"Now I feel," Carrie said, holding her hands over her chest. "The best way to get you ready for this...because, sweetie, I'm gonna tell you, it can be overwhelming. I can't speak from experience - I've never been nude in a room full of men, but I've spoken to a few male models who have done this sort of thing and they tell me the first time it is pretty nerve-racking..."

"Well that's not good," Richard answered.

"But," Carrie said. "We're going to have you ahead of the game. I feel, the best way to get you ready for this is to get you, well, used to being naked in front of clothed women."

Richard's erection threatened to burst through his shorts. He loved Carrie's line of reasoning.

"How can we do that?" he asked nicely.

"Well," she answered calmly, letting out a sexy sigh. "I would suggest you go nude around the house. For a while. Maybe up until the class, which is, lemme see now, two weeks away."

"Just go completely naked?" he asked, both excited and surprised.

"Completely naked," she stressed.

"Because Richard," she said, now rubbing his knee nice and gently, "when people say the best way to deal with the anxiety of being in front of a big group of people is to imagine everyone is naked...you've heard that right?"

"Yeah," Richard said.

"Well that's bullshit," she told him. He chuckled.

"We're not gonna try to play any mind games here, with you imagining all of the women are naked too. Because they're not going to be naked, Richard, only you're going to be naked, right?" she said, sympathizing with him.

"Right," he answered.

"They're gonna have their clothes on. You're going to be the naked one," she emphasized. "So instead of silly mind tricks, let's simply get you used to the real thing, which is being naked in front of fully clothed women. Because you're gonna be the one on display, not the other way around."

"Yes, mam. I understand," he said. "I understand what you're saying."

She slapped the inside of her big gorgeous thigh.

"Good, Richard, good," she said, rising to her feet. "Because in a couple weeks you'll be so used to displaying that big willy of yours, it won't even faze you."

This was getting better by the moment.

"You with me so far?" Carrie asked him with a sweet smile.

"Yes, mam," he answered her obediently. She urged him to rise to his feet.

She drew him in close, and looked in his eyes.

"It is up to Janet and myself to prepare you," Carrie explained. "I don't want you running out of that classroom petrified with your dick between your legs."

Gulp.

Usually, the expression was 'tail between your legs,' but Richard liked how she improvised.

"I want you bursting into that room full of women...large and in charge," Carrie said.

Richard was in awe of her majesty, her way of taking charge in this situation, and her desire for him to follow her lead, which he did.

"Yes, mam," he told her, his voice cracking out of nervousness, but his heart was racing and his erection throbbed in his shorts.

Carrie looked at her watch.

"Okay, good," she said. "There's still time tonight to sort of get you started. So why don't we march right downstairs, hang out with Janet for a while, and you can begin your, well, your training."

"You mean, I should start going naked, tonight?" he asked.

"Um-mmm," she nodded with a big smile.

Richard gave a brave smile, but seemed nervous. Carrie felt the need to give the boy deeper insight to the reasoning behind her methods.

"You know, Dick, when I was a swimmer," she began, crossing her legs, "I had this real hard ass for a coach."

Richard couldn't help but sneak a quick peak at her beautiful thighs, so toned and so luscious as a result of all those years in the water.

"Oh my God, the drills she would have us do," Carrie remembered. "Laps and laps and laps...and more laps. And do you know the reason for this?"

"To torture you guys?," he asked jokingly.

"So it would seem," she laughed. "No, no. The reason, dear Richard, was to build up our stamina, our endurance, and quite frankly, by the time the races rolled around, it seemed like nothing compared to all the yardage we put in weeks back...do you know where I'm going with this?"

Richard was filled with so much excitement - and some jitters as well - that he couldn't answer quick enough.

"Well," she went on. "This seminar that I will be teaching, that you have so bravely volunteered for, I think by the time it rolls around, you will be so used to being naked around fully clothed females you won't even realize you're nude."

"And why is that?" Richard asked, wanting Carrie to know she had his full attention.

"Because, Dick, over the next two weeks, I plan to keep you naked as much as possible," she said plainly.

"Oh man," he said, blown away by the whole concept.

Carrie, all the while, maintained total composure.

"Your full frontal nudity will seem perfectly natural. The norm, if you will," she explained with the utmost ease.

Richard took a deep breath, and felt the urge to kid with Carrie to break some of the tension.

"So you and Janet will be naked too the next couple weeks, right?" he kidded.

Carrie rewarded his attempt at humor with an amused grin.

"No, silly, Janet and I will not be naked," she laughed. "We're not the ones preparing for a BIG unveiling."

Although it was completely unfair in a sense that only he would be nude and exposed, Carrie's logic was completely sound, and was not challenged by the young male.

"Now, let's stop fooling around and get you started," she urged him, patting him on the butt as he arose from the bed.

Richard began to get undressed, and Carrie stood there, waiting patiently for him to completely disrobe. He took off his shirt, his shorts, then his socks, and stood before Carrie in just his underwear. She gave him this look like 'well come on, don't stop there.'

He gently pulled down his underwear, and Carrie reacted with relative ease as his huge erection bounced around between his legs, now completely uncovered.

"Very good," she encouraged him. "Now I know it is going to feel weird for a while, Richard, walking around the house with um..."

Richard looked her in the eyes, waiting for her to finish.

"Certain things right out in the open," she continued, making a hand gesture towards his exposed genitals.

Again, they shared a laugh together.

"But after a while it will feel completely natural," she urged him.

They started for the bedroom door, and already Richard felt intoxicated by the scene. He was walking completely naked, side by side with a fully clothed woman.

"I'm like Luke, and you're kind of like my Obi-One," Richard laughed, referencing characters from his favorite movie.

"If that's the way you want to look at it," Carrie giggled.

She eyed his massive pork sword as they approached the steps.

"And that's sort of like your light saber, I guess," she said to him, staring at his huge erection.

He was overjoyed that she could relate to him. And he gave her a look of astonishment.

"What? You and your father made Janet and I see that Star Wars movie twice with you guys. I'm bound to remember some of the terminology," she explained.

As they both trotted down the steps, side by side, Carrie couldn't help but glance down at Richard's bouncing member.

"Ba-boing, ba-boing, ba-boing," she laughed.

"I can't help it," he said back to her.

As they reached the bottom of the steps, each seemed to be fighting for position, both wanting to be the first to tell Janet the good news.

"Wow, you are really eager to tell her, huh," Carrie remarked with joy.

Janet was chatting on the phone in the family room when Carrie and Richard casually walked in, and Janet immediately reacted with excitement upon seeing that Richard was completely naked.

"Ha! I gotta call you back, Amber," she told her friend.

She slammed the phone down in excitement and jumped to her feet, and then put her arms around her step brother's muscular shoulders to show encouragement.

"So I guess this means he said 'yes,'" Janet exclaimed.

"Not that he had any choice in the matter," Carrie teased. She then looked at her step son and gave him that warm smile of hers.

"So you're cool with being our class pet for a day?" Janet teased her stepbrother.

Richard felt a little nervous again with the thought of being nude in front of so many women, but Carrie eased his worry.

"Now, Janet, don't make him nervous," she told her. "We are going to be very gentle with him during that class. He's there to help us out."

Janet eyed Richard's naked body from head to toe.

"Yes, Richard. Your dick is going to be expanding the education of several young women," she joked.

Carrie suppressed a giggle at her comment.

"He does possess quite a learning...tool," Carrie added with a smile. "No pun intended."

Janet sat back down on the chair nearest the T.V. while Carrie and Richard still stood side by side. Richard's enormous erection, very noticeable and very much a point of focus for the two women, throbbed openly in the air as the mother and daughter continued to chat.

"We just have to do a good job of getting him used to being the center of attention," Carrie told Janet. "You know how the first few minutes of that class, until the girls calm down, a naked guy standing there is going to create sort of the 'elephant in the room' dynamic."

"More like a horse in the room," Janet laughed.

"Or horse," Carrie chuckled. "That analogy works pretty good too."

Carrie now sat down on the sofa and casually thumbed through the T.V. guide. Richard still stood up, now drawing even more attention to his aching erection by folding his hands behind his back. He was practically begging the women to provide him some release. He was hoping they would start stroking his cock.

"Anything good on tonight?" Carrie asked her daughter.

"I don't know, lemme see," Janet answered as she clicked away on the remote.

Richard's reluctance to sit down did not please Carrie.

"Dick, come sit down, we won't bite," the step mother told him.

The young man walked slowly over to the sofa and sat down next to Carrie. Richard's erection now stood up lewdly between his legs as he sat down. Every now and then, it would bounce up and down, its unrelenting throbbing a sign of its need to be caressed and stroked.

Janet glanced over at Richard and found infinite delight in his full-frontal nudity.

"So this is the way it's going to be for the next two weeks?" she asked her mom with a smile, referring to Richard's lack of clothing.

"Yes, indeedy," Carrie said, slapping her leg. "Everything will be as it was - we'll do the same things around the house, watch the same shows on T.V., eat the same meals...only Richard will be naked."

Janet let out a long, satisfied chuckle. She fiddled with her tank top a bit, making her boobs bounce a little as she did so.

"How do you feel, Dick?" Janet asked her stepbrother.

He wanted to tell her that he was dying to come, that his balls felt like they were going to explode, but he resisted the temptation for a moment.

"Kind of chilly," he said.

The two women burst out laughing.

"I guess I do have to start taking your wardrobe into consideration when I adjust the air conditioner," Carrie laughed. "I always crank it up pretty high because of the heat wave, but now that you're going to be...very lightly dressed for the next two weeks (laugh)...I'll try to keep it a little less cold."

For the next 30 minutes, the three watched an episode of M*A*S*H, and Richard couldn't stop thinking about his need to come. He would glance over at Janet's huge tits, then over at Carrie's gorgeous legs, and the fact that he was completely naked in front of these two foxes only made him even more aroused.

Every now and then, each of the two women would glance over at Richard, casually look at his humongous pecker, smile, and then go back to watching T.V.

Finally, seemingly out of mercy for him, Janet finally said something about his condition.

"Richard's had a huge boner ever since you guys walked down here," she laughed, now directly facing the other two.

"I know, I know," Carrie said, eying his erection. "I thought that was out of the initial excitement of being naked in front of us, and it would eventually go down...but it seems to have gained strength instead of relenting."

His penis throbbed in the air, even lightly tapping his belly as the women chuckled about his giant hard-on.

"I guess you need our help, dontcha Dick," Carrie smiled.

"Oh God, yes," he answered.

Both the mother and daughter looked at each other and cracked up.

"God, 30 minutes into your training and you already need us to jerk you off?" Janet laughed.

"I can't help it," Richard fired back, apologetic for his state.

"More like, it can't help it," Carrie sympathized, implying Richard's penis was acting of its own will.

He looked down at his massive boner sort of embarrassed.

"Janet, don't be upset with him, it's only natural for Richard to become aroused," Carrie told her daughter.

Richard twitched a bit in his seat, and his huge prick bounced against his stomach, its hardened state a source of amusement and interest for the two women.

"We are though (laugh), going to HAVE to build up your stamina, sweetie," Carrie told her stepson. "This is going to be a long class, so you're going to have to be able to uh, hold out for a bit until we allow you to ejaculate."

Richard looked down at the floor with a sad look.

"But we'll build up to that. For now, well, I don't wanna see you suffer so Janet and I will assist you..." Carrie said.

"Should we give him a hand?" Janet asked enthusiastically, shaking her hand up and down, simulating a hand job.

"Um, why don't we change it up a bit?" Carrie asked. "You know, break the monotony. How about...we use our feet?"

Carrie raised her feet in the air, parallel to the ground, and wriggled her toes. Richard became even more excited as she did so. Her feet were so tiny, and so cute. And they were so supple and soft, like she must rub them with lotions every night.

"A foot job! I love it," Janet exclaimed, excited about the idea.

She jumped up and Richard's attention immediately went to her feet, as they too were so dainty and lovely looking.

"Does that sound good to you, Richard? That we use our feet?" Carrie asked her stepson.

"Yes, mam," he answered almost instantly.

"Because this is the way it's going to be the next two weeks - it will be difficult at times for you, but then Janet and I will decide when you need release, okay?" Carrie asked nicely.

"Yes, mam," he answered again.

Carrie crossed her legs, and her nipples were poking out against her Cowboys T-shirt very nicely as Richard glanced at her enormous covered breasts.

"It's paramount, Dick, that you trust us," Carrie went on, lecturing him. "We are going to get you through this class. And in the end, you'll be able to look back at the whole experience and smile, and be so infinitely glad that you did it, that you shared your enormous gift."

Even when she talked to him delicately, it aroused him so much.

"Yes, mam, I trust you, both of you," he told her.

"Well that's very good. Very, very good, Dick," she said, running her hand through his hair and giving him an approving smile.

"I just, I really, really took it to heart what Janet said about there simply not a lot of...educational material out there for women when it comes to the male body," Carrie said, holding her right hand up over her chest, and caressing Richard's hair with her left. "I really believe this is a win-win situation. This is going to be a heck of an experience for the girls involved, and you, well, like your father, don't mind being the center of attention in this regard."

Richard suddenly thought of what his dad would think of this class, and the training it involved. Carrie reassured him.

"And I've already spoken to your father, sweetie, and he's completely on board with everything," Carrie told him. "And I do mean everything - the class, your preparation, our assistance in giving you release (smile). He completely understands."

Richard was relieved, but before he could voice his response...

"Your father did a few nude modeling sessions when he was younger," Carrie told the two kids. "Not a sex ed class, mind you, but a few classes at the college where there were several women, all painting pictures of your father in the nude. He loved it."

"I hope they all had a really big canvas to paint on," Janet joked.

Carrie smiled.

"I am sure they came prepared," she laughed, understanding that Janet was referring to Neal's large member.

A moment of silence followed, but Carrie didn't let either of the kids rest for long. She held Richard's hand, like she had something to tell him. There was some new territory the three were going to cross into.

"Richard, sweetie, why don't you get on all fours and kiss our feet," Carrie urged him very gently. "If you are in fact going to follow our lead the next two weeks, this would be a nice sign of gratitude, a sign that you understand our authority over you."

As Richard looked down at Carrie's feet, the mom winked at Janet, as the two were having some fun with him.

"Yes, mam," Richard replied, and the two females had to hold in their laughter, as neither expected Richard to so quickly embrace the concept of them wielding their authority over him.

He seemed to like it.

Richard got down on his knees, and clumsily knelt down on the T.V. remote by accident.

"Ouch," he said mildly.

"I'll take that," Carrie laughed, reaching out and taking the gizmo from him.

Janet sat down the sofa, sticking out her right foot and wriggling her toes in the air for Richard's attention.

"Kiss 'em," she ordered him.

He quickly obliged, even showing his obedience in the verbal form as well.

"Yes, mam," he answered his stepsister.

He held each of her beautiful feet in his hands, and planted kiss after kiss after kiss on every part of each one, paying special attention to all of her cute, little toes.

The way he went about it with so much gusto, the women were delighted.

"Uh, Richard, don't forget about me," Carrie said, now sitting next to Janet and dangling her lovely foot near Richard's face.

"Sorry, mam," Richard apologized.

"It's okay," she laughed.

Even more excited to worship Carrie's lovely feet, because of the great impact she had had on him in recent days, Richard held both of his step mom's feet up, side by side, and went from left to right, kissing each and every one of her toes, ever so slightly putting each one in his mouth as he did so.

"Oh, this is incredible," she exclaimed. "Richard, you are a godsend."

The young man didn't even lift his head to accept the compliments, as he was too busy kissing - and practically worshipping - his step mother's feet. His kisses were loud and very audible, a sign of his affection.

"Now do me, Ritchie boy," Janet lovingly said to her stepbrother.

Richard laughed as the two women playfully fought for his attention.

Richard scooted over on the floor a bit to get to where his stepsis was, and instead of simply kissing her feet, he held up her right foot and slowly, and delicately, took her big toe into his mouth. He sucked on it for several seconds.

"Ooo, that feels nice, Ritchie boy, you like sucking on my toes?" Janet cooed.

Richard didn't want to stop sucking in order to answer his stepsister, so he simply nodded. And she smiled.

Richard then went on to the next toe, and took that one in his mouth, and sucked away, enjoying its sweet taste.

"Hey, Ritchie boy," the stepsis said to him.

Richard lifted his head obediently.

"Can you do me a favor?" she asked of him.

Again, he nodded.

"Do you think you could get all five of my toes in your mouth?" she asked him in a real sexy tone.

Both her and her mom started giggling, and so did Richard, who loved that Janet gave him a challenge.

"I can try," he said.

Richard held her foot up, with great reverence, and eyed it adoringly. It was so nice and petite, her toenails looking so clear and natural and unpainted, and Janet then wriggled her toes to entice Richard even further.

"Do it," she ordered him soothingly. "It's what I like."

She continued to giggle, as did the mom, who looked on with anticipation.

Richard opened his mouth wide, his heart racing, and he took all five of her cute, little toes in his mouth, sending the two women into hysterics.

"Oh I love it," Janet squealed.

Richard couldn't believe it. He had all five of Janet's right toes in his mouth, and they tasted wonderful. He sucked them with delight, rolling his tongue around them blissfully while looking up to see the delighted smile on her face. In the early stages of Richard's CFNM experiences with his stepsister, he kept a delicate balance between indulging in his submissive desires, yet he still had a somewhat reluctance to totally give into his stepsis' commands. But at this time, he completely gave in, loving the feeling of not only being at her feet, but worshipping her feet in the process.

Richard also liked thinking how ridiculous he must look, kneeling on the floor, completely naked, with one of his step sister's feet crammed into his mouth.

"You really like our feet, dontcha Ritchie boy?" Janet playfully asked him.

Richard tried to answer the young brunette, but with her toes in his mouth, his speech came out all garbled and inaudible, making the two women even more amused.

"You are in feet Heaven right now, aren't you Richard," Carrie said to him in between chuckles.

"Um-mmm," he answered, sucking away on five of Janet's toes.

"I see the way you stare at our legs, and our feet," Janet teased him.

Richard was in no mood to argue, and why bother - his stepsister was right. It seemed as though Richard spent about half of each day ogling the lower half of Carrie and Janet's bodies.

And he spent the other half of each day ogling their upper halves. He simply couldn't help it.

"Well don't spend all your time on the young one, Dick, I have toes that need attention to," Carrie ordered him.

Richard scooted back over to Carrie's half of the couch, and knelt obediently before her. He was about to take her right foot into his hands, but she had other ideas.

"No, both of them," she told him.

"I want you to hold each one up, side by side like last time, and take all five of these in your mouth," she said, wriggling her right toes, "and then when you're done with those, take all five of these in your mouth," she finished, wriggling her left toes.

Janet giggled like a little girl as her mom's requests got more and more particular.

"Do as you're told, Richard," the step mom ordered him.

"This is not at all a chore, believe me," he said, causing the two women to laugh.

"You could just suck on our toes all day, couldn't you Ritchie?" Janet kidded him.

"I probably could," he said.

Richard stuck out his tongue and licked all of Carrie's right toes before lovingly taking them into his waiting mouth.

Carrie squirmed a bit in her seat, as the affection Richard was bestowing upon her made her tingle between her thighs.

"Oh, oh my goodness," she cooed, as Richard sucked on her lovely toes. "You have a very, oh my, talented tongue, Richard."

The young man relinquished her right foot, then took her left, and placed the same kind of attention on those toes, taking them in his mouth and sucking them with passion.

"Oh, don't stop," Carrie said as she gave into the moment, leaning back in the sofa with her eyes closed and her face pointed up at the ceiling.

"Mom?" Janet asked amused, sensing that her mother was enjoying this treatment to an even greater extreme than she did herself.

And then, Carrie casually, and without any objection from Janet or Richard, slid one of her hands into her shorts, underneath her panties, and began massaging her now wet pussy.

Janet looked away, about to crack up, but admired her mom's openness, and ability to savor an experience to the fullest.

The daughter's eyes now focused on Richard's enormous penis, which had still - quite noticeably - remained in its fully hard state through all of this. It bounced around between his legs as Richard continued to suck on Carrie's toes, and the step mom in turn continued to moan in contentment.

Richard could see her rubbing her pussy, and although she was covered up, he imagined those fingers of hers combing through her thick bush, and plunging in and out of her beautiful pussy as waves of arousal pulsed through her body.

"Oh that...that feels so nice," she continued to say, her eyes still closed.

Richard loved watching Carrie wriggle back and forth on the sofa, as he could now feel her rhythm, the way she used her fingers as an imaginary penis, driving in and out of her wetness in such blissful motion.

Carrie squirmed in her seat on the couch, her lovely big bottom moving back and forth like she was riding a massive member. Richard liked to imagine she was riding him. 

He continued to give her pleasure with his tongue, her toes the focus of his attention.

After several minutes, Richard could sense her about to give in to orgasm, as her hand moved more feverishly in her shorts, and her face was now completely flushed.

"Oh, Richard, oh, Richard," she kept saying. "Oh, Dick, oh Diiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick!"

Her voice carried all throughout the house as the moment overcame her, and Richard and Janet were left to sit back in awe. They then looked at each other and smiled, their mouths open in amazement.

"Wow," Carrie said as she took her hand out of her now moist panties. "You'll have to excuse me. The moment...overcame me."

"It's okay," her daughter reassured her, with a giggle. "I was getting pretty excited too."

Richard now looked forward to one day watching Janet masturbate, as the mom had taken the first step, and hopefully daughter would follow. Janet's attention, though, was now squarely on Richard.

As the young man stood up, she stuck her foot out and began bouncing his huge erection up and down with it, toying with him a bit as he got even more excited.

"Ooo, pre-come, I can see pre-come coming out," she said as she eyed his glistening cock head.

Carrie took a deep breath, as she was still lost in a daze.

"Oh my goodness," she said heartily as she stared off into the distance.

She was still feeling the euphoria from her orgasm.

"That was amazing," she said. "I mean, with your father being gone for a while and..."

"You got horny?" Richard asked with a wry smile.

She gave him a smirk.

"Well, yes, I guess so," she said. "But I think it all started at the pool today. The way those boys just worshipped me, made me feel like a queen. It got me...so fucking excited."

Janet and Richard looked at each other wide-eyed, with glowing smiles. They loved how enthused their authority figure was becoming. She created a buzz felt through the whole room.

Richard looked down at Carrie's massive jugs, how they pushed that Cowboys T-shirt of hers out to the max. And then the boy looked at Janet's tiny feet, as they continued to play footsie with his oversized penis.

"Start stroking his schlong, don't bounce it," Carrie laughed.

"I'm trying to. It's so fucking big though," the daughter answered back with a giggle.

Carrie, still seated next to Janet, used her big, beautiful butt to lightly nudge her daughter over a bit.

"Here, let me have at him," the mom joked.

Carrie raised both of her feet in the air, gently wrapped her toes around Richard's hard member, and applied fluid strokes, up and down, giving her daughter a lesson in technique and giving Richard an incredible feeling of arousal.

"See, there's nothing to it," Carrie said as she stroked Richard's huge penis up and down with her tiny feet. "How does that feel, Richard, good?"

"Very good," he could barely get out as he closed his eyes, much like Carrie did when she was pleasuring herself moments earlier.

"Here, you try it," Carrie said to her daughter.

Carrie took her feet away from Richard's huge erection, and as her toes relinquished their grasp, Richard's big prick bounced up and down, smacking his tummy. The sheer size of it intimidated Janet, but she knew she had conquered it before.

She would do the same again, only with her feet instead of her hands.

But she couldn't help but prolong the moment a bit, now holding both of her feet up against his hard-on.

"His fucking cock is almost as big as both of my feet put together," she laughed.

"Well you have tiny feet," Richard fired back.

"And you have a huge cock!" the mother and daughter said in unison.

Everyone laughed, as it clearly became evident that Carrie and Janet now thought so much alike, and tried to imitate each other's every movement.

Janet went back to rubbing his huge erection in between her feet, and now got more and more used to manipulating his organ in this fashion.

"Getting a nice rhythm going," she said, proud of herself.

Her tiny feet worked up and down furiously now on his prick, moving up and down, up and down, persistent in carrying out their task.

"You like it when I rub your big cock with my feet, Ritchie boy?" she asked him in that sexy tone again.

"Um-mmm," he moaned.

Janet leaned back in the sofa, and looked up at her busy feet, working their magic on Richard's fully erect tool.

"Mmm, I love jerking off your big fucking horse cock," the youngster said with passion, her feet now working at a slower but more sensual pace.

She wanted to savor the feel of his organ sliding in between her toes.

"You're doing wonderful, Janet," the mom encouraged her. "Although don't forget about his balls."

With that, Janet took her feet from Richard's massive boner, causing it to fling up and smack his tummy. Richard moaned quite audibly.

"Oh, I'm sorry, sweetie, were you about to come?" Carrie asked, half amused, half sympathetic.

"Uh, I was getting there," Richard answered her.

Janet giggled a bit at his discomfort.

"We'll let you come soon, sweetie, real soon," Carrie said. "I want Janet to play with your nuts a little bit."

Richard could hardly hold on, but he heeded his step mom's wishes.

Janet started rolling Richard's huge balls around in her right hand, feeling how heavy they were, and imagining how much they wanted to release their seed.

"These things weigh," she began with a laugh, then refocused. "These things weigh like five pounds."

It was an exaggeration, but she got her point across.

"How long have you gone Richard?" was Carrie's question, and even though it was vague, he knew exactly what she was implying.

"Didn't you jerk off this morning?" Janet asked, her question a bit more crude.

Carrie laughed.

"I love how you always just assume I have to jerk off to get release," Richard scoffed. "How do you know I wasn't with a girl, and she did it for me?"

The mom and daughter looked at each other, thinking it was kind of cute how Richard was offended by their questioning.

"Dick, sweetie, I didn't see any girls around here the last few days," Carrie said. "And besides, there's nothing to be ashamed of with..taking matters into your own hands."

"He spanks the monkey," Janet teased.

Carrie laughed.

"I don't think that's a monkey," the step mom said, eyeing his huge erection.

"More like an ape," Janet laughed. "Or a gorilla...a King Kong."

"King Schlong," Carrie could barely get out.

They both fell back on the sofa, giggling their heads off.

"Okay, okay, come on, can you please finish what you started?" Richard begged impatiently.

"Don't take that tone with us, young man," Janet said in a mock serious tone.

"You're doing fine, Richard," Carrie encouraged him. "This is all so very good because it will get you used to being around a bunch of excited, and sometimes giddy, bunch of girls. You seem to be taking it all in stride."

Janet's feet were back on Richard's dick, moving up and down with great purpose. The more she heard Richard moan, and the more she felt his thick cock pulse in between her toes, the more it motivated her to keep working his organ.

Her toes could barely encircle his thick stalk, and it was thrilling for her and for Richard to watch her toes dance along his shaft.

"Oh God I'm gonna come," he announced, thrusting his hips and preparing for a huge eruption.

Janet eyed the head of his penis, waiting eagerly for it to unleash its seed.

The way she had his huge prick aimed, the first rope of ejaculate shot out and splashed against Janet's lower left leg, all the way up to her knee.

"Oh dear, Lord," Carrie laughed. "This is gonna be a gusher."

The second come shot completely soaked Janet's left foot, drenching her toes and now making her persistent strokes of his cock sound squishy, and lubricated.

As she stroked, Richard's prick shot. A third rope of semen was unleashed, this one running all over Janet's other foot, as they now were both coated with his milky seed.

"Oh, don't stop, I'm not done yet," Richard begged his stepsister.

Janet kept rubbing her feet up and down on his shaft, with come dripping everywhere. It was so slick and slippery, she could barely keep his dick in between her toes.

Richard came again, and again, as two more come shots further drenched Janet's tiny feet, seemingly rewarding them for their actions.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh," Richard moaned in a long and drawn out way, as a remarkable sixth rope of semen fired out, this one the biggest yet. It somehow eluded Janet's feet, and splashed against her top, some of it going into her cleavage. When she went to peak down her shirt, in between her enormous breasts, she lost focus for a few moments, and when she raised her head back up, a huge come shot doused her forehead, making her jump.

"Jesus CHRIST, Richard," she yelled with a laugh, come now running over her closed eyes.

Carrie had to laugh at the amusing sight, and as Janet finally took her feet away from Richard's spurting tool, the mother quickly reached over and used her hands to finish Dick off.

His organ shot forth a few more smaller loads of semen, these ones falling to the carpet below.

"This is just great," Janet said, breaking a smile. "I can't even open my fucking eyes."

"I'll get you a towel, sweetie," Carrie told her daughter.

Richard couldn't help but laugh when he looked over at his stepsister, as she sat there on the couch, a creamy white mess from head to toe.

"I'm gonna get you for this," she playfully teased him.

"I'm sorry," he laughed. "I can't control it."

Carrie returned, washcloth in hand, and she helped Janet clean herself up, as the daughter's face, feet and clothes were evidence of Richard's latest eruption.

Janet wiped her beautiful face, now finally able to open her eyes.

"I'm gonna start calling that thing Old Faithful, Richard," Carrie said, referring to his huge, spurting organ.

"Every time we do this, there's more and more of it," Janet said, now wiping her legs, enjoying the feel of Richard's warm juice on her soft, supple flesh.

"I know, I know," Carrie said, now plopping herself down on the couch, next to Janet. "I think he's really excited about this class."

Richard couldn't argue. His extreme arousal did have a lot to do with the thought of being so naked, in front of so many young girls.

Carrie also liked the idea of seeing Richard perform in such an arena, unveiling his 11-inch wonder for all to see. Carrie stuck one of her feet out, and delicately started weighing Richard's huge, flaccid tool with her right foot, enjoying the feel of his big, heavy prick.

"What's the plan for tomorrow? Is that flower magazine person coming?" Janet asked her mom.

"Um, yes. As a matter of fact at 9 a.m., bright and early," Carrie answered her daughter. "She wants to make sure she has plenty of sunlight to work with. It's good because I have a lot to do in the afternoon."

The more they chatted, the more Carrie bounced Richard's prick up and down on her foot, like she was playing with a toy.

"Well what do you have to do in the afternoon?" Janet asked as she started flipping through the channels.

Carrie pondered the next day's events.

"Well...I do have to pick up some dry cleaning, Neal asked me to mail a few things for him, and um..."

She trailed off.

"Well," she laughed. "I may have to supervise Dick's friends."

Janet had a confused look on her face, like she needed an explanation.

"Do you wanna tell Janet what Barney and Craig were planning for tomorrow?" Carrie asked her stepson.

Richard was reluctant at first to say anything. He loved what he had going with Carrie and Janet, and didn't want to take the chance of Barney and Craig getting involved and screwing it up.

"I'll go ahead and tell her," Carrie said, not waiting for Richard to answer. "We were out by the pool today, the boys were swimming, and we got to talking. Chatting about this and that, and Barney said, well, actually asked permission..."

She paused.

"Yeah, permission to do what?" Janet asked.

Carrie had a big smile on her face, eager to tell her daughter.

"He asked my permission if he and Craig could go skinny dipping in our pool. Do you believe that?" the mom asked with a laugh.

Janet's jaw almost dropped to the floor. She couldn't believe the boys' brazenness.

"Holy shit," she laughed. "And what did you say?"

Again, Carrie just gave her a smile instead of words. The smile told everything.

"What do you think I told him?" she laughed, as if to say 'of course I would be up for some delightful, unabashed male nudity.'

"I told him it was fine with me as long as I could supervise," Carrie went on. "I don't want things getting too out of control."

Janet, of course eager to join her mom, immediately volunteered her services.

"Sounds like a two-person job," the daughter said with conviction. "I mean, there are two of them, and Dick, so you might need me to help you out...just in case anything happens."

Richard could sense that Janet not only wanted to see Barney and Craig naked, but that the daughter also anticipated - and greatly hoped - that the boys would eventually need the same kind of assistance Richard needed, that Barney and Craig would need their hard-ons brought to climax.

"I could definitely use your help," Carrie giggled, being purposely vague but still getting her point across.

She event went a step further.

"I only have two hands, you know," the mom chuckled.

"And that's barely enough just to handle Dick," Janet added with gusto.

Carrie laughed, and looked up at Richard's prick, still bouncing on her foot. Only now his monster penis had grown to its fully erect state once again.

"Well look at you, back at full mast again," Carrie said, impressed and delighted.

"I'll say," Janet replied in awe.

His cock was a sight to behold. It had been only a matter of minutes since his latest eruption, but there it was, fully erect and in need of attention.

"You are amazing, Richard," Carrie said with a smile. "You are going to make some lucky woman very happy some day...over and over and over again."

Indeed, Richard's ability to orgasm so many times in a short span would be very inviting to just about any woman in the bedroom, and his size definitely an attraction to those who enjoyed a large member.

Carrie and Janet clearly enjoyed playing with a large penis, and for the first time ever, would combine their efforts.

"Why don't we both beat him off?" Carrie suggested with a sexy grin.

"Sure," Janet answered.

Carrie moved over on the couch, and urged Richard to sit down in between the two woman.

They both went to grasp for his prick, eager to stroke it and hold it in between their fingers.

"Just grab his schlong right around the base," Carrie instructed her daughter. "Move it up and down nice and slow. Let him enjoy it. I'll stroke the shaft and rub the head a bit."

The mother and daughter worked as a tandem, each stroking Richard's longish tool, the big shaft still slick from his last ejaculation.

Carrie and Janet applied sensual - and loud - strokes to his erection, as their cute, delicate fingers squished back and forth on his come-soaked rod.

"This is some crankshaft," Carrie laughed, thinking of more descriptive terms for Richard's anatomy.

"This is almost like a workout," Janet added, as she and her beautiful mother continued to jerk off the handsome, young male.

Carrie, quite expertly, went back and forth between quick, rapid strokes, and longer, more drawn-out ones. She paid more attention to the head than usual, running her fingers over it as she reached the end of his rod.

Janet, meanwhile, stroked the base of his shaft, at some points inadvertently using her fingers as a cock ring, grasping on tight to his erection, seemingly keeping it from releasing its seed.

She liked squeezing it, feeling how big around it was. When her mom took a quick break to switch hands, it allowed Janet to smack Richard's dick around a bit, and she even pulled it all the way down against his thigh, and watched with wide eyes as it flung back up with great force.

She did the exercise repeatedly, and Carrie was glad to let her daughter have her fun.

"Look at that," Janet gleefully noted. "It smacks his stomach when I do that."

Richard moaned quite audibly as his huge, fat erection became Janet's plaything.

"It's like a catapult," Carrie laughed, eyeing her stepson's bouncing prick.

Janet flung his penis up and down time and time again, seemingly challenging herself to see if she could make it smack against his stomach louder each time.

Then, Richard moaned out loud, so loud and drawn out that it grabbed the women's attention away from his penis - even if just for a moment.

"Sounded like a wearwolf there for a second," Carrie laughed.

Janet bent over laughing, so amused at what her teasing had done.

"Please let me come," Richard begged.

Carrie ran her hands through Richard's hair, giving him comfort, and letting him know he would soon have release. She and her daughter resumed stroking his massive rod, and Richard was able to utter just a few more words before letting go another enormous amount of come.

"I love you guys," he whispered affectionately.

The mother and daughter both giggled, and kept masturbating his huge tool.

"We love you too, Ritchie boy," Janet laughed.

After just a few more combined strokes of his erection, Richard climaxed again, and a nice, warm dose of semen shot forth from his prick and landed on Carrie's beautiful feet.

Janet then got a wicked idea in her head as she saw Richard ejaculating, and she held up his shaft, towards the ceiling, and burst into unbridled laughter as a huge come shot blasted Richard in the chin.

Before he could react, another one hit him in his right cheek, then his left cheek. He opened his mouth to voice his surprise, and a warm dose of his own semen shot into his mouth.

"Oh my God!" Carrie laughed, putting her head between her knees as she chuckled so hard her stomach began to hurt.

Richard just sat back, letting Janet aim his prick wherever she pleased. She marveled how much come he continued to shoot, as she now drenched his chest with his own copious seed.

"Another one, oh my God another, and another," she laughed as she counted the come shots. "Jesus Fuck, oh my God another, and another...it's still shooting!"

It was as if Richard was being milked by the two women, as not only the mere fact that he was naked before them aroused him a great deal, but then their teasing, their stroking, and their control over him sent him into a frenzy.

Janet, now reduced to girlish giggles, looked on as Richard's penis shot forth a few more dribbles of come, these ones landing on his tummy. The stepsister finally relinquished control of his rod, and looked at Richard, his face drenched with his own semen.

"Well, Dick," Carrie could barely get out in between gales of laughter. "It looks like you - quite literally - finally got a taste of your own medicine."

He still had his own come in his mouth, afraid to swallow.

"How's it taste?" Janet laughed.

"Salty," he answered, only making the two women crack up even more.

Carrie and Janet were delaying their trip to the bathroom to get Richard a towel. They loved looking at the mess they had created.

"I didn't get you guys this bad," Richard argued, the gooey liquid on his face evidence of Carrie and Janet's skills.

"Oh yes you did," Carrie said.

She now gave Richard a closer look, amazed how much come dripped from his cheeks and chin.

"Well, maybe we did get you worse," she laughed. "But it's all in good fun."

All three of them shared a laugh again, and would soon settle in bed.

--------------------------------

Richard could feel the sun shining on his face as he awoke.

It was early the next morning. Real early.

He looked at the clock and it was shortly after nine. He never got up this early when he didn't have to. Especially in the summer.

Maybe it was the fact he forgot to close the shades on the window, and the sun had woken him up.

Nah.

He knew the real reason. He had so much sexual energy in him these days, energy that was spiked by the regiment Carrie had him sticking to.

That regiment, of course, was that he not wear clothes for the next two weeks. And eager to start the day completely nude, he jumped from his bed, his penis exposed, and walked out of his bedroom.

It felt so weird - and so naughty - that he was completely naked. But at the same time, it felt completely natural.

He moved briskly down the steps, and just when he was about to jump the last three, Carrie came whipping around the corner.

"Oh, whoops," she said, nearly colliding with him.

She saw his big, bouncing penis as he trotted down the steps, and it made her giggle.

"Well look at you early bird," she said happily. "What are you doing up so early?"

Richard could barely concentrate as he saw Carrie's big boobs pressed against her white tank top.

"I don't know," he shrugged, answering Carrie's question. "I just...felt ready to get up."

"Well there ya' go," she laughed. "That's the spirit."

There was an awkward silence for a moment, but Richard enjoyed it. Carrie stood there fully dressed, and he was completely nude. The open display of the male penis was usually taboo in mainstream culture, yet in this house it was becoming the norm.

He was about to ask Carrie how things went with the photographer and her flowers, but Carrie asked him a question first.

"How's it feel, Dick? Starting your first fully day of your training?" she smiled. Carrie stood there, hands on her hips, looking authoritative and confident.

Richard couldn't help but look down at his own penis.

"How's it feel to be naked?" she asked again, curious to hear his answer.

"It feels good," he said.

"Pretty exhilarating, huh?" she asked with gusto.

His heart started beating faster.

"Yeah," he said nervously.

She looked at his body from head to toe, and when her eyes were moving back up, they stopped for a moment at his penis. She took a good, long look at it, then raised her eyes again.

"Isn't it empowering?" she asked. "To just...break free from those shackles and restrictions brought on by clothing?"

She was playfully trying to be poetic. Richard was more blunt.

"I just feel, kind of a rush, you know?" he said.

She nodded, and looked him right in the eyes. She also wanted him to continue.

"It's a rush," he went on, "walking around, with everything...just right out in the open."

She smiled.

"Your schlong is very much on display - that's for sure," she laughed, then chuckled a bit more as she could sense Richard's lingering shyness.

"This is all very good, Richard," she said. "This will be so good for you, to get you ready."

"Yes, mam," he answered.

She walked in closer to him, and lightly started tapping him on the nose.

"You are adorable. But we have to break through this modest nature of yours," she said. "It's cute, but we have to just get rid of it. I don't want you to be so shy."

"Yes, mam," he answered, even more obediently.

"Well very good," she told him.

Carrie now lightly tapped her hips in a rhythmic motion, pondering her next move.

"Oh, I have to tell you about the photographer," she said.

"Oh yeah, how'd it go?" Richard asked curiously.

Carrie sat down on the steps for a moment, crossing her legs as she prepared to tell Richard the good news.

"Well the woman's name was Clara, and she loved my garden. Just raved over it," she told her stepson. "She took several shots, and even interviewed me. Can you imagine? Me being interviewed?"

Richard looked down at his lovely step mother, and gave her an honest answer.

"Well I think people would love your perspective - on a lot of things," he told her.

She gave him a big smile, and the two continued to chat for a while until Richard's stomach began to growl, signifying it was time for breakfast.

Carrie fixed him a few eggs, and the two enjoyed a quiet conversation at the kitchen table.

"We really have to get a new deck," Carrie mentioned. "Just looking at it from here, I can see how old and worn it is. If any of that wood breaks, somebody could fall and get hurt."

Richard got up and walked towards the back door, glancing out the window towards the deck.

"Oh yeah, I see what you mean," he told her.

He now turned around slowly, and loved that Carrie's eyes stared openly at his penis. The boy was really starting to enjoy this casual nudity in front of his step mother.

She looked him over, from head to toe.

"You've really gotten big, Richard," she told him as he sat back down. "Have you been lifting weights?"

"A little bit," he said.

She nodded, and took her last bite of toast.

"You look good," she told him. "Just don't overdo it. Work out in moderation."

"Yes, mam," he answered her, finishing his eggs.

"Don't go out and try to be the Incredible Hulk or something," she laughed.

"I know," he laughed.

As things got quiet, Carrie - like she normally would - started to hum. Only it was a song Richard didn't really like.

"No! Not Stayin' Alive again, please," he kidded her.

"It was on the radio and I just can't get it out of my head," she laughed.

Richard liked how Carrie made his nudity seem perfectly natural, and not always the focus of conversation. Sometimes the boy would forget he was even nude. The two sat and chatted about all different topics like they normally would.

Richard was getting used to being completely exposed, as Carrie's strategy was already paying off.

"Oh, Dick, I almost forgot," she told him, lightly slapping the table in excitement. "How would you like to go to a Cowboys game in September?"

Richard's eyes widened, his face glowing.

"I'd love it," he answered her without hesitation.

Carrie got up, clearing the dishes from the table.

"I spoke to Margaret - you know, Mrs. Pilbow, who taught you in the third grade?" she asked him.

"Yeah, yeah," he fired back.

"Well she," Carrie began, than she stopped in mid sentence as their loud garbage disposal began to roar as she hit the switch.

"God, everything needs to be replaced in this house," she laughed. "Anyway, Marge told me that she and her family can't use the tickets to one of the games - you know they have season tickets, but they have a wedding to go to in September. So she offered me the three."

"Awesome," he told her, jumping from his chair and walking over to Carrie.

"I said to her, 'oh God, Neal and Dick would love to go,'" Carrie exclaimed. "And I think it's safe to say I'll take the third ticket - I think Janet would be glad to stay home and have the house to herself."

"That's cool," Richard said.

It was a lovely moment. The Cowboys were Richard's favorite sports team, and he was going to get to see them in person for the first time in three years.

But just as the euphoria set in, Richard heard some shouting coming from the back yard. Carrie went on chatting and was peeking in the refrigerator, so she didn't notice the commotion.

Not yet at least.

Richard wandered over to the back door and saw that Barney and Craig had already arrived at the house, and took it upon themselves to jump right into the pool without even knocking on the front door.

"What are you looking at?" Carrie asked, quickly noticing something was up.

Richard felt it was pointless to hide his friends' arrival.

"Barney and Craig are already here," Richard said. "They're in the pool."

Instead of being upset, Carrie had a smile on her face as she approached the back door.

"I guess they were early risers today too," she said happily. "Oh my goodness, Barney just did a cannonball, look at that."

Barney and Craig were having a good old time in the pool, but they weren't skinny dipping, at least not yet.

"Do you want to join them, Richard?" Carrie asked her stepson.

Richard's mind started racing, looking ahead to the possibility of the two boys swimming nude like they said they would. And then they would urge him to do the same. Richard was shy, and didn't like the idea of being nude in front of his friends, and having them see how he was a lot different from most guys. The dreaded word "freak" popped into his head.

"I-I don't really feel like swimming," he stammered.

Carrie gave him a surprised and agitated look.

"Don't feel like swimming?" she asked skeptically.

"I don't know," he mumbled.

Just then, something took Carrie's attention away from Richard.

"Oh my God," she laughed.

Richard looked out, and saw Barney's naked rear end as the boy prepared to jump in the pool. He was standing on the deck, naked as can be. His bathing suit had not stayed on for long.

"Barney is a very outgoing young man, isn't he," Carrie giggled.

Richard liked Carrie's excitement, but he was still apprehensive about joining his friends.

"God, they're really doing it," Carrie said, then covered her mouth as she laughed whole heartedly. "I never thought they would go through with it. Janet's gonna be home from cheerleading soon, wait til she - oh my word - "

Richard looked up again, and saw that Barney was now mooning Craig. With Barney standing that way, his front side was positioned perfectly towards the back door of the house, where Carrie and Richard were peering out from. Barney's naked penis dangled freely in the morning sun.

"Oh my," Carrie laughed.

She felt a little guilty at first, since she had known Barney since he was just a kid. But he was very much now an adult, a fully-developed one, Carrie noticed.

"Wow, not bad," she had to say, her gaze never leaving the pool deck.

Over the next 10 minutes, Barney and Craig took turns doing one dive after another, and both were fully nude. Carrie even teased Richard by making noted comparisons between the two boys.

"Looks like Barney is longer but Craig is thicker," she laughed. "I would have guessed it would be the other way around."

"Not listening to you right now," Richard joked, covering his eyes and shaking his head.

But he liked how Carrie talked openly about the boys' exposed penises.

This playful conversation went on another 10 minutes or so, until Carrie felt the need to move things along.

"Well I should go out and tell them to be careful jumping around on that deck," she said, already turning the knob on the back door. "The way Barney is carrying on, he's gonna go right through that wood."

Richard let his step mom go, and watched as her big, beautiful butt bounced around in her tight blue shorts as she headed towards the pool.

When she got there, both boys were in the water, and Richard watched as Carrie went up on the deck, and sat on one of the benches. Richard could see his step mom laughing and chatting, and in no hurry to leave the boys.

Richard waited, and waited, and waited. It got to the point that he felt left out, and ran upstairs, threw on a bathing suit, and walked outside to join the group.

As he approached, he could pick up on their conversation. Barney and Craig were at the edge of the pool, right underneath the deck, and Carrie was sitting on one of the benches, chatting with the young men.

It indeed was a hot day, perfect for swimming.

"Do you know what you're gonna major in?" Carrie asked Craig.

"Well I want to go into advertising, like my dad," he told her.

Carrie smiled. Craig's father was a big-shot ad rep at one of the biggest companies in Central Texas.

"Well you have some big shoes to fill, Craiger," she called him, in a friendly way.

"I know, he's kind of a legend at that place," he admitted.

"Well hell, shoot for the stars. That's what it's all about," Carrie encouraged him.

Barney and Craig looked over at Richard, who was now standing behind his step mom. She turned to see he was present, and she looked somewhat annoyed to see he went out of his way to put a bathing suit on.

But she wasn't going to press the issue with him just yet.

"You gonna join your friends?" Carrie asked her stepson, asking if he was going for a dip.

Before Richard could answer, Barney was more intent on getting Carrie in the pool.

"Please come swim with us, Mrs. Parker," he begged. "The water's really nice."

She gave a look that suggested she really wanted to, even sticking her toe in to test the water. The two boys, although liking how the water felt on their naked bodies, were a bit reluctant to leave the edge of the pool, feeling nervous about being completely nude in front of Carrie.

Fantasizing about it is one thing, but actually breaking over that threshold for the first time and doing it for real takes some gumption.

"Why aren't you boys diving anymore?" she asked. "Don't let me spoil your fun."

Barney and Craig looked at each other, and realized that diving would mean getting out of the pool totally exposed, with Carrie right there.

"Like I said though, no jumping on the deck - the wood is very worn and has to be replaced," she told them.

"Yes, mam," Barney said.

Richard sat down on the bench opposite Carrie. He felt the urge to join in on the fun, but was still apprehensive about displaying his massive equipment in front of his friends.

"I'll do a dive," Barney announced.

The young man started his ascent up the ladder, but as he got above water, he instinctively covered up his genitals. Somehow, it made him look even more silly.

Carrie laughed as Barney walked over to the diving board, cupping his privates. He walked slowly down the diving board, and then, as he flew through the air, he finally took his hands away, leaving his naked penis to flail openly in the breeze until he hit the water.

Carrie bent over laughing.

"What do you think Mrs. Parker, was that a perfect 10?" Barney asked as he quickly returned to the surface.

Carrie couldn't let the opportunity pass to make a keen observation.

"Um, I would say a five, with the potential to grow into a six," she giggled.

She winked at Craig, and he immediately knew what she was referencing.

"She's talking about your dork, dude," Craig laughed, then splashed his buddy.

Carrie and Richard both cracked up, and Barney, as well, joined in on the fun.

"Was it that noticeable?" he laughed.

"Oh you were flapping in the breeze," Carrie remarked. "There was no else to look BUT there."

A bit eager to get the same kind of attention that Barney got, Craig now got out of the pool, and he didn't even bother covering his genitals. Carrie liked how his fat penis bobbed back and forth as he walked over to the board, then did a cannonball, in affect drenching Carrie and Richard.

"Okay, okay," Carrie said as she rose from her seat. "I think it's time to go put on my bathing suit. I'm getting soaked anyway. Richard, you come with me."

As the sounds of Barney and Craig's rough-housing in the pool faded in the distance, and Carrie and Richard approached the back door, the stepson was suddenly a bit nervous about what lie ahead.

Carrie went upstairs and returned wearing a gorgeous, white, one-piece bathing suit. Richard loved that the suit showed off so much thigh.

He, meanwhile, stood next to the kitchen table, still in his swim trunks.

"Don't you think you're a bit overdressed?" she kidded him. "Considering what Barney and Craig are wearing?"

Which, of course, was nothing at all.

"Everyone's having so much fun, Richard. What's keeping you from joining in?" she asked, pulling up a chair and urging him to do the same.

"It's just, I don't know...I feel weird...with," he said, motioning towards his crotch.

"Well I'm sure they know about..." Carrie said, referring to his organ.

"No, they don't," the boy answered.

"They don't know about your endowment?" Carrie asked, surprised. She also made sure to refer to his large penis as an endowment, a blessing. Not something to be embarrassed about, or ashamed of, which is the way Richard felt for most of his life until recent days.

"A lot of guys who saw it would just call me a freak and stuff," Richard said.

Carrie let out a disgusted sigh, angry that there were people out there that would ridicule her stepson, and also disappointed that Richard would let those people get to him.

But she was going to change that.

"First of all, those guys are just jealous about what you have," Carrie told him. "And second of all, Barney and Craig are your dearest friends, friends that will be with you through thick and thin."

Richard raised his eyes to meet his step mom's.

"Look at me, Richard," she told him.

She lightly rubbed his knee.

"Your friends are not going to disown you because you have a huge dork," she said, borrowing Craig's word for it from moments ago.

It made Richard chuckle. And Carrie knew she had him.

"Come on, Ritchie boy," she urged him. "Get those trunks off and let's go swimming."

Richard took a deep breath and rose to his feet. He yanked down his trunks and his huge member flopped right out.

"Wonderful," Carrie laughed. "Now go. Go ahead and join your friends. I promise you'll be the life of the party."

Carrie urged Richard forward, watching as he went out the door and towards the pool. She walked out, but hung back, letting him go ahead.

Barney and Craig, not surprisingly, voiced their shock when they saw what was swinging between Richard's legs as he approached the pool.

"Holy shit, dude," Craig said as he saw his friend's large organ, swaying back and forth with every step.

"What the fuck?!" Barney couldn't help but say with a laugh.

Richard quickly got into the water, naked as can be, and, as if on cue, Carrie was right behind, walking gracefully up onto the deck in her sexy white bathing suit.

"You guys didn't know Richard's hung like a horse?" she asked with a cute laugh.

"No," Craig and Barney both said in unison.

Richard was glad to get his big unveiling over with, and now he just relaxed in the pool, swimming back and forth. Craig and Barney were both in shock. They couldn't help but make several comments about the size of Richard's dick.

"Jesus, dude, my dad could rent out ad space on that thing," Craig admired.

"Ha!" Carrie laughed. "I bet he probably could."

"Dude, that thing's like a little person's leg," Barney added.

His two buddies swam over to him and jokingly shook Richard's hand, offering congratulations for sporting such a large wiener. As Carrie had told him, they reveled around him instead of mocking him.

"Richard is a very special boy," Carrie said from the deck above.

Barney was even more jealous now of the relationship Richard had with his step mom, and yearned to know more about it.

"Your step mom has seen you naked before, dude?" he asked.

"Oh he has no secrets from me," Carrie gloated, before Richard could even answer.

Barney wished he could move into the Parker household. The thought of being naked before Richard's hot step mom on a daily basis was almost overwhelming. So it made him want to savor this day even more.

The Bussett boy again went back to urging Carrie to come swimming with them, and she satisfied his request. Even with all of the attention temporarily on Richard's massive appendage, it did not take away from how good Carrie looked in a bathing suit.

As she slowly moved down the steps into the water, her butt stuck out in Barney's direction, and the boy would have loved to just swim over to her and plant kiss after kiss on each luscious cheek. 

"Ooo, the water is nice," Carrie said, now walking around the shallow end of the pool, her large breasts bouncing a bit. As she went down into the water up to her neck, then came back up, Barney could make out her nipples, poking gently against the soft fabric of her suit.

She swam right over to the rest of the group, as if to say 'just think of me as one of the guys.'

She enjoyed their company, and they in turn enjoyed her company even more.

Their conversation covered all different topics, but it inevitably came back to Richard's enormous member.

Carrie felt it necessary to say something on the matter.

"Guys, Richard has always been very sensitive about the unusual size of his penis," she said, tee-heeing a bit. "That was until I helped him feel special and very unique. Can you guys help us out? Making him feel good about what he has?"

"He doesn't need our help," Craig scoffed. "Shit, he needs an agent."

Everyone, including Richard, laughed out loud. Carrie sent a sweet smile in her stepson's direction.

"Dude, I would be doing porn right now if I had that," Barney said. "How big is it?"

"Eleven and a half inches," Carrie said, answering for Richard.

Her voice showed so much pleasure in knowing that special statistic.

"Jesus," Craig laughed.

Richard could feel three sets of eyes on him, but he didn't mind. He suddenly liked being the center of attention.

A mockingbird suddenly swooped down close to the surface of the water, seemingly just to delight the swimmers with its pretty song.

"Oh, well hello to you too," Carrie laughed.

"I think it just wanted to be closer to you," Barney told the gorgeous brunette. "Just like the song."

Richard and Craig found infinite delight in watching Barney place some much adoration on young Carrie. Before they could tease him about it, he went a step further, and even started singing the aforementioned song.

"Why do birds suddenly appear...every time...you are near," he sang to Carrie, his voice cracking when he tried to hit a high note.

Richard and Craig both groaned, but Carrie was delighted.

"That is very sweet, Barney," she told him, walking over close to him and gently patting him on the head. "You are such a charming young man."

"Thank you, mam," he said.

"Your singing needs a little work, but that was delightful," she said. "You made my day."

As she talked to him, Barney nervously shuffled a bit in the water, and Carrie suddenly felt Barney's erection brush against her thigh. She giggled a bit, and wanted to have a look at the affect she had on the young man.

"Barney, can you do me a favor, sweetie? Could you go get that beach ball over in the grass?" she asked him nicely. "Why don't we have a catch."

Barney, of course, immediately said he would help Carrie out, but he fully realized it would mean getting out of the pool with a very noticeable hard-on.

He seemed reluctant to get out of the water as he hovered at the ladder.

"Barney, it's okay. I've seen you," Carrie reassured him with a sweet smile.

"Not like this," Barney said embarrassed, looking into the water and seeing his flagpole at full mast.

"He has a fucking hard-on," Craig laughed.

Everyone then burst out laughing at Barney's expense, but Carrie reassured him that they were laughing with him, not at him.

"It's nothing to be ashamed of," she told him from across the pool. "I know those things have minds of their own."

Barney slowly ascended up the steps, water rushing off his body as he got to the deck. His lengthy hard-on bounced with every step.

Some gasps and chuckles could be heard from the pool, and to escape their view, Barney started trotting off the deck towards the grass.

"No running, Barney Bussett!" Carrie pleaded with him. "I do not want to see you fall and get hurt."

The rambunctious young man apologized, and walked briskly over to the oversized beach ball, his erection sticking straight up. Carrie had to comment on it.

"Did I do that?" she asked affectionately from the water.

Barney bit his lower lip, a bit bashful as he stood naked before the woman of his dreams.

"I kind of got excited," he admitted, looking down at his own erection in awe.

"'Kind of got excited?' That's a lot more than 'kind of,'" she teased him, impressed how tall and sturdy his hard-on stood in the morning sun. "That is a full-fledged boner, young man."

The boys loved Carrie for her candidness, and her ability to blend in with them, using the same kind of terminology and slang words that they would use, words and phrases that other adults might deem inappropriate. Carrie made the boys feel completely comfortable, with themselves and with their bodies.

Barney returned to the pool, tossing the ball to Carrie.

"Thank you, Barney," she said.

She purposely paused a moment before sending him some more kind words.

"Nice prick by the way."

Barney savored the compliment, and Carrie pinched him on the cheek. His erection swelled to even greater proportions underneath the water.

"I don't mean to pry, Mrs. Parker, but how did you first find out about Richard's massive salami?" Craig said, holding back laughter.

"It's actually a funny story," she began. "Dick, do you want to tell it, or should I?"

Richard, seemingly showing off to Carrie that he was not at all bashful anymore, sat up on the deck, his lengthy organ lying on his leg in view of everybody. He urged Carrie to tell the story.

She relayed to the boys in great detail how Richard managed to get a tick embedded in his thigh, in such close proximity to his very special appendage. Carrie delicately explained how she had to have Richard take off his underwear, and allow her - and Janet - to remove the tick.

"My daughter and I both got to know Richard a whole lot closer," she kidded.

Carrie then went on to tell the boys about Richard's new regiment, and how he was preparing to be a nude model for the sex education class that Carrie was teaching.

Both boys openly volunteered to help out with the class, which Carrie loved to hear. She still planned on just using Richard, but she loved the boys' enthusiasm.

The four of them went on having a catch with the beach ball, and Carrie - quite noticeably - every now and then threw the ball out of the pool just so one of the boys would have to go and fetch it.

As Craig volunteered to go, Carrie was thrilled to see he also sported a very nice erection.

"Well I can see Barney's not the only one thrilled to be here today," she laughed as Craig walked out into the grass, commenting on his hard-on. "Oh my, look at you Craiger."

The young Nichols boy strode out onto the grass with a certain swagger in his step, and Carrie loved how his muscular upper body glistened in the sun. Her focus though was soon fixed upon his erection, which demanded attention, and Carrie was glad to provide it.

"Both of you boys have such gorgeous pricks," she said openly. "I already knew what my Richard has - I was planning on showing him off today just like I do my bluebonnets (laugh). But both of you, I must say, are...very nicely hung."

"Thank you, Mrs. Parker," Barney gushed.

"Don't mention it," she giggled.

Just when the boys thought things couldn't get any better, they did. Very much so.

As Craig headed back over to the pool, he came face to face with Janet, who had quietly walked in on their little party.

Craig froze in his tracks, but the confidence that Carrie had given him allowed him to keep from covering up his privates.

"Hoooly shit," she giggled, covering her mouth as she looked Craig over. "You are so fucking naked."

Janet looked over at Barney, who gladly started swimming on his back, thrusting his erection above water so Janet could see it. She shrieked with delight.

"I can't believe they're fucking doing it," Janet said of their nude swimming.

"They've been naked since they got here!" Carrie gushed, still thrilled and shocked at the boys' brazenness.

Janet went back to scanning Craig's young, taught 18-year-old body. She had known the boy since they were little, had once had a crush on him, and now she could see every inch of him, but it was about six inches or so in particular that stole her attention.

"Nice dick," she said with a giggle, but with some sincerity to her statement.

"Thanks," he laughed.

He playfully stumbled at making normal conversation.

"So how's your summer going?" he asked the young brunette, who was dressed in tight black shorts and a white tank top, having just come from cheerleading practice.

"Good," she giggled, still eyeing his penis. "Really good actually."

They both went to talk at the same time, but Craig insisted Janet speak first.

"I was just going to ask if the water's warm, but I guess that already answered my question," she laughed, gesturing to his fully erect cock.

"Oh both of their thermometers are pointed way up," Carrie laughed.

Richard was happy to remain seated on the deck, and let Barney and Craig have their fun. For once, Richard wasn't the focus, but he didn't mind. Plus, he knew it was only a matter of time before Carrie and Janet placed a lot of attention on his hefty organ.

As Craig returned to the pool and Janet came over to the edge of it to chat with he and Barney, Carrie went up onto the deck to speak to her stepson. Richard loved how the water ran off Carrie's perfectly-tanned body as she ascended out of the pool.

He could see the tops of her enormous breasts, and her two huge globes bounced around in her suit a bit as she walked.

"Dick, I'm gonna go make us a pitcher of iced tea," she told him as she dried her pretty brown hair with a towel, squeezing any extra drops of liquid out onto the deck. "Can you supervise things, make sure they all behave themselves?"

"Yeah, sure," he answered her.

Carrie would often scan the backyard, looking for any imperfections that needed work. Just as she was about to go inside, her attention fell upon her bed of daisies, which looked like they needed some water.

Richard's attention, however, fell upon Carrie's special flower, as it was right at eye level for him, right in front of his face.

Richard's eyes widened as he could clearly make out a huge, dark shadow where her crotch was, as the white bathing suit she wore did not do a good job of concealing - and rather showed off the fact that - Richard's step mother had an extremely hairy pussy, a sight that aroused Richard to no end.

Suddenly, it was his penis that was beginning to harden, just like his friends' did earlier.

"I really have to talk to Neal about us getting a new deck," she went on, as her continued conversation allowed Richard to feast his eyes upon her beautiful lady garden.

It covered such a huge area, all the way up to her lower tummy, forming a huge triangular bush that seemed so thick and lustrous, yet groomed to fit just that special area between her legs, right in between two smooth, supple thighs.

Carrie was a smart woman in many areas, and knew every asset and flaw associated with any type of clothing, including bathing suits. Richard began to think that she knew her bush would show up quite well in this particular swimming outfit, and that she was showing it off, knowing it would arouse the boys.

She was showing it off, yet at the same time, revealing nothing.

'Classic Carrie,' Richard thought to himself.

Richard looked down as she wriggled her toes against the wood, and seeing her cute, little feet reminded him of the joy they brought him the night before. He was loving this quiet moment with his step mom, but as they often did, Barney and Craig came over to join.

Completely comfortable with their full-frontal nudity, the two boys leapt from the pool and began to chat with Carrie and Janet.

However, the two boys eventually got quiet, which sent a message to Richard that they were looking at the same thing he had been looking at - and drooling over - moments earlier.

"Come with me, Janet," Carrie said. "You can help me with the iced tea. You boys want some pretzels and chips?"

"Y-yeah, Mrs. Parker, sure," Barney answered her.

Carrie smiled, and she and her daughter headed to the kitchen.

As soon as they were out of sight, Barney had to say something.

"Dude, did you see what I saw?" he asked excitedly.

Richard reluctantly nodded.

"Your step mom has a huge ass bush, dude," Craig chimed in.

"I know," Richard had to say. "It's fucking sexy."

Barney and Craig would often be very vocal about their affection for Carrie, but Richard was joining in with them this time.

"God, I would love to plant my face in it," Barney said of her noticeable bush. "Oh God, I love that woman."

"I gotta go jerk off," Craig laughed.

Richard knew he had to calm the boys down. After all, Carrie did ask him to keep things under control. Richard knew she had something planned.

"Guys, don't worry about jerking off," Richard told his friends. "They're gonna do it for us."

"What?!" Barney shouted, his voice echoing off the back of the house.

"Shhhh, calm down," Richard told him. "If we play it cool, they will jerk us off."

"Are you fucking serious?" Craig asked excitedly, his voice cracking like he was trying to hit high notes like Barney earlier.

Richard was persistent with his instructions.

"Just calm down, let them call the shots, don't force the issue, and they will make us come," Richard instructed them.

Barney and Craig looked at each other. Richard hadn't seen his friends this excited since the Cowboys won the Super Bowl. But this was even more amazing.

"I promise," Richard stressed. "They will make us shoot."

Barney and Craig probed the issue, asking Richard if this was a regular phenomenon between he and his stepsis and step mom. Richard told them how it all started that night with the tick, and ever since, the mother and daughter were intent on keeping Richard naked.

And as a reward, they would provide him some release.

"Does your dad approve of this?" Barney asked.

"He encourages it!" Richard fired back. "He's really into being naked around fully clothed women. And so am I. A great deal. I kind of think I get it from him, like it's hereditary."

As the boys pondered Richard's last statement, Richard had to add something.

"I also get this from him I guess," he said, rolling his hips so that his huge penis swung back and forth.

Barney and Craig cracked up, then looked at each other, as if to say 'do you believe that shit?'

The boys waited with eager anticipation for the women to get back. The three young males were excited beyond words.

"Have you talked to your dad about all the stuff that's been going on?" Barney asked his friend.

"No. Not yet," Richard answered. "But Carrie has. And she insists he is on board. I get the feeling things are gonna get even crazier when my dad gets home."

"Holy fucking shit, dude," Craig said with excitement.

The two women poked their heads out of the kitchen door, telling the boys they would be out in just a minute. Carrie and Janet both giggled as they saw the three naked lads chatting casually on the deck.

"Will we get to see them naked?" Barney whispered, his hard-on sticking straight up.

"That...I can't promise, dude," Richard told his friend.

Barney looked a bit sad, let down. Richard felt he should level with him.

"Honestly, dude, I know for a fact we're not gonna get to see them naked," Richard told him. "BUT, they're eventually gonna play with our cocks and let us shoot huge-ass loads. That's something isn't it?"

"To say the least, man," Craig said.

"Shit, I'll take it," Barney added.

The two women, seemingly for affect, made the boys wait a long time. After a half hour or so, Carrie and Janet finally came back out of the kitchen.

Janet still had the same sexy outfit on, and now Carrie strode confidently across the grass in a sun dress. She seemed overdressed for an occasion like this, but nonetheless, she looked gorgeous.

"I'm meeting some friends for a late lunch this afternoon," was her explanation for her formal attire. "I figured I might as well get changed now."

It seemed plausible, but Richard couldn't help but think that the real reason for her outfit was that Carrie derived a certain thrill from being dressed no nicely, while in the company of young men that were completely naked. It only further stressed her position of power over the boys, and it drove Richard wild, very noticeably.

"Who are you meeting?" Richard asked.

"Oh, a few doctors. Stan and Melanie just had a baby and they implored me I meet them for lunch and see little Iris," Carrie said as she sat down on the deck, her legs crossed.

Her sun dress hung so well on her figure, the peach-colored ensamble looking so perfect on a warm, sunny day like this. Carrie knew how to dress, and the white sandals she had further complemented her attire.

Now, she bounced her one leg on the other, tapping her foot in the air, noticing that her lovely limbs stole Richard's attention.

She also noticed he had a rapidly-growing erection.

"Uh-oh, I think I awoke a sleeping giant," Carrie said with a big smile.

Everyone, even the boys, looked down to see Richard's massive boner. Even with the other two boys being naked themselves, Richard's enormous dick stuck out in the crowd - both literally and figuratively.

Janet peered in for a closer look as everyone stopped drinking their iced tea and looked in awe at Richard's massive appendage.

Somebody even coughed to break the tension, as no one knew what to say. Leave it to Carry to lighten the mood.

"You boys didn't know we have two diving boards?" she asked with mock seriousness, gesturing to Richard's huge erection, which did indeed stick out like the aforementioned apparatus.

Everyone cracked up.

To add further humor to the situation, Richard gyrated his hips, making his huge penis bounce around with a life all its own.

The atmosphere was now loose and giddy, and the conversation soon flowed as all five of the pool-party goers enjoyed their iced tea and snacks.

Richard had to admire his friends. They were so brave and so eager to take part in this unique adventure. Craig, sometimes a bit up tight because of his strict father, had no problem bearing all to the women. And Barney, standing beside him, also enjoyed exposing everything he had to offer. The scar on the outside of Barney's right leg was evidence of his many shenanigans growing up, as that particular mark was left when he tried to jump off his roof when he was a little kid, thinking that by holding an open umbrella, it would act as a parachute.

Instead, he went slamming into a bunch of garbage cans and had to get stitches in his leg. The scar he had often initiated a recanting of the story. But of all the noticeable traits having to do with Barney's naked form, his penis was still the focus of Carrie and Janet. It was that special part of Barney they had never seen before this wonderful day.

"Did you see Jaws 2, Mrs. Parker?" Barney asked Carrie, who was now seductively running her hand through her hair in a sexy fashion, as she looked out across the yard.

"I have not, Barney," she laughed. "Was it any good?"

"It was okay," he answered, biting into a pretzel.

Some of the pretzel landed on his erection, and he tried to be nonchalant in brushing it off. It felt so weird - and wonderfully erotic - to be so naked in front of Janet and Carrie, who both giggled at the boy's cute awkwardness.

"Well, the sequels are hardly ever as good as the originals," Carrie said.

As time wore on, Carrie looked at her wrist watch, checking what hour it was. She knew she had a lunch date soon approaching. 

"Is there...anything you'd like to see them do?" Carrie asked her daughter with a big smile.

Richard loved this. The mom was noting how unique an experience this was for Janet, and that she should take full advantage of it.

"I was watching them dive earlier - that was pretty amazing, to say the least," Carrie said, letting out a hearty laugh.

Janet now sat down on the bench, and looked at the boys' penises with a beaming smile. She was thinking what she would like to see, thinking real hard.

And then something came to her.

"Ooo, could you make them do jumping jacks so that their dicks flop up and down?" the girl asked with great enthusiasm.

Carrie burst out laughing, getting such a kick out of her daughter's candidness.

"We can do that, Mrs. Parker!" Barney belted out, and Craig added that he had no problem with it either.

Richard just savored the moment.

"Okay. But down on the patio," Carrie said with conviction. "If you jump up and down on this deck, you'll fall right through."

They immediately heeded the woman's instructions, but then broke another one of her rules. Craig and Barney both took off running towards the patio, a big no-no.

"Boys!" Carrie yelled out, with a hint of amusement in her voice.

She walked over to them, with Janet and Richard following close behind.

"No running!" she stressed again. "As much as I love seeing you flail and flop," she laughed, looking down at their penises, "if you run across this granite, eventually you're gonna fall and get hurt."

"Yes, mam," they answered in unison.

"That granite gets real slippery and you could slip and go flying. Is that understood?" she asked.

"Yes, mam," they answered again.

"Okay, very good," she told them.

Barney and Craig now stood side by side on the patio, with Janet and Carrie across from them. Richard actually stood next to Carrie for a moment, thinking this exercise didn't pertain to him.

"Get over there with them," she said harshly, teasing him with a very serious tone. "You're in on this to."

"I have to do jumping jacks too?" he asked, loving how bossy Carrie was being with him.

"Absolutely," she said. "No and's, if's, or but's....Well, maybe a few butts."

Barney and Craig took her cue and turned around, showing the two women their tight, muscular rear ends.

"Oh, very nice boys," Janet said, clapping as a sign of her approval.

Richard walked over and stood next to his two buddies, awaiting further instruction.

"How many do you want them to do?" Carrie asked her daughter.

Again, Janet got that lovely look on her young face, like she loved pondering the boys' fate.

"Umm, how about a hundred?" she asked.

The boys groaned in discomfort, and Carrie had to laugh.

"Oh, God, that's way too many," the mom chuckled. "How about 20 or 25. That should be enough for them to give us a good show."

All three boys stood side by side, in a row, reminiscent of the way they would line up in gym class. But this was far different than gym class.

Craig and Barney began jumping, and it felt so weird for their penises to be frolicking about so freely in the afternoon sun. Their erect pricks bounced up and down without constraint, much to the delight of Carrie and Janet, who heaped further encouragement upon them.

"You need to open the legs, get into a rhythm," Janet said, now doing her own jumping jacks along with them.

The young woman's covered breasts bounced around so nicely in her tank top.

"A one, and a two, and a three, and a four," Carrie giggled, laughing as she counted each jumping jack the boys did.

But, her counting was based upon how many times each of their penises bounced up and down, a sight that, at this point, had the women bent over in laughter.

Carrie and Janet loved this display because of the animated movements of the boys' dicks, but they also loved it because it further stressed that the boys were naked, and the women were not.

Richard himself was amused by the show, and finally got going on his own exercises.

As he started to do jumping jacks as well, Craig offered some advice.

"Just be careful not to hit yourself in the face with it dude," he joked, referring to Richard's huge, dangling organ.

Richard, very gingerly at first because of his shyness, got going with his jumping, and then as he felt comfortable putting on such a show in front of the two women, he did it in a much more determined manner, and a consistent smacking noise could be heard all across the patio.

After a few moments, the other two boys just stopped to watch Richard. They couldn't help it.

Richard's penis bounced up and down in such an animated fashion, slapping his stomach each time. The sound that it created went back and forth between loud smacks and thumps.

SMACK, SMACK, THUMP, SMACK, THUMP, THUMP, SMACK, SMACK.

Everyone, including Carrie and Janet especially, burst into laughter.

Once he realized he was the center of attention, Richard got out of rhythm and stopped. Everyone was cracking up.

"Richard, did you hurt your stomach?" Carrie chuckled, holding her own tummy, but in her case, it was because she now broke into unbridled laughter.

"It sounded like he was pounding a fucking drum," Janet said, imitating the sound by smacking her own taught belly with her hands.

Loving that he amused the two females so much, Richard simply gyrated his hips up and down, making his penis slap his belly repeatedly once again.

"Oh, how sweet, he's clapping for us," Carrie said, standing with her hands on her hips, captivated by the boy's bouncing organ.

Craig and Barney took Richard's cue and did the same thing, adding to the festivities.

"Oh, lovely, now it's a round of applause," Carrie further commented.

"It's like a standing ovation," Janet laughed, loving the sight - and sound - of the young men's frolicking members.

Once the women had their fun with that performance, it was time to move on to something else. The boys just stood there, seemingly waiting for further instruction.

Carrie was hoping Janet would take the lead, and give the boys a command. But after a few more moments, the mother didn't want to waste any time. And she wanted to keep the party going.

"Can you go like this," Carrie said, facing Barney, "move your hips around so that your dick swings around in a circle?"

Her requests were getting more frank in nature, and the boys loved it.

Barney, in a very hypnotic fashion, swung his semi-erect penis around just like Carrie suggested, evoking high-pitched shrieks of amusement from the two women, and laughter from his male counterparts.

"It looks like a pinwheel," Janet giggled, clapping as Barney put on a show.

Carrie joined her daughter in cheering on the young man, who seemed to have a special talent for the aforementioned exercise. Carrie's pretty brown eyes followed his dancing tool, round and round.

Both the females began to challenge young Barney, counting how many times he could swing his tool around. They were amused to no end when he actually did it 20 times in a row, a wonderful achievement.

"I think you've done this before, young man," Carrie teased him. "You seem to be really good at this."

"I have," he said, "but it's kind of cool to have an audience for once."

Carrie and Janet both chuckled heartily as they continued to watch Barney gyrate his hips, and show off his special skill for their amusement.

"It looks like a fucking helicopter blade. Chew-chew-chew-chew-chew," Janet said laughingly, imitating the sound that the flying apparatus is known for.

"Don't fly away Barney Bussett!" Carrie teased him. "The party is just beginning."

Richard looked down at his flaccid but huge dangly member, pondering whether or not to give the exercise a try. Carrie glanced over at him and sensed he was going to do just that.

"Oh God, Dick, don't you try it," she chuckled. "You'll take someone's head off!"

Everyone erupted into laughter again, as the party was gaining more and more momentum as the day wore on.

Craig then found it time to show his unique trick, and he thrust his hips forward, and began flexing his hard-on noticeably up and down. Most men can move their penis a bit, but most can't do it to the degree Craig could. His penis bounced about as if there were strings tugging on the impressive organ.

The mother and daughter both focused their attention on Craig's special brand of penis aerobics.

"Oh my Gawd," Carrie gushed. "Craig, my dear boy, you can really move that thing can't you."

"Do it again, do it again," Janet requested.

They shouted with glee as he gave into their request, making his erect prick thrust up and down once again.

Things were happening so fast. But Richard still had the presence of mind to scan the scene before him, and take it all in. He appreciated everything going on around him. It was a typically nice, peaceful afternoon in the Parker backyard, with the three boys and a young woman and her daughter having a good old time. Only the boys were completely naked. Their sex organs - usually hidden from sight - were fully on display. And the women, in sharp contrast, were fully clothed.

The scene - at first glance - seemed terribly unbalanced, since it was only the males that were exposed. Yet it was so incredibly apparent that everyone was having such a great time, and enjoyed their role. The boys liked being looked at, enjoyed having the two women gaze upon and comment on their naked bodies. The two women, in turn, couldn't have been more relaxed, and greatly enjoyed the show.

Richard loved the way this felt. He honestly could live this way the rest of his life. He looked around and felt like he had stepped into some sort of utopia, and his step mom was so skilled at making everyone feel completely at ease.

"Richard, doesn't it look like the Fishers' house needs a paint job?" she casually asked her stepson while she took a sip of ice water.

Richard turned around and noticed the fading gray paint that time had worn thin.

"Yeah it really does," he laughed.

"Good. Now I know I'm not the only one that notices it," she laughed.

Carrie's successful attempt at making normal conversation displayed how she wanted everyone to feel that this is the way it should be, that boys should have no problem with being completely naked in front of fully-clothed women. In fact, Carrie knew that not only did they not have a problem with it - she knew they were having the time of their life.

Barney and Craig, playfully battling for the two women's attention, eventually - and almost inevitably - started comparing the sizes of their respective rods.

"I think you have me beat on length, but mine is thicker, dude," Craig laughed, then smacked his hard-on against his open palm.

Even Carrie blushed a bit as she adoringly eyed Craig's girthy prick.

"I do have to say, you are both very impressive," she said with a big smile.

Barney thrust his hips forward, showing off a pretty lengthy hard-on.

"Nine inches, dude, I told you," he bragged.

Carrie and Janet looked at each other with amused smirks.

"Honey," Carrie said, speaking to Barney. "You do have a pretty long schlong. But nine inches? I don't know about that..."

Everyone began to voice their opinion on the topic, creating an uproar. It was a debate that had to be settled.

Carrie walked over to the outside of the kitchen door, grabbed a folding chair that had been leaning up against the house, then brought it over to where Barney was standing, and reclined.

She sat in front of him, eyeing his erection with utmost scrutiny while casually bouncing her right foot just inches away from his cock.

"I say seven, MAYBE eight," she said. "But nine? I think you're telling lies again Barney Bussett."

The young man thrust his erection out for her approval, and was intent on backing up his claim.

"It gets bigger," he insisted.

A few giggles and skeptical comments could be heard coming from the others.

"Barney, sweetie, that thing is engorged to the max right now," Carrie said, as she even noticed some pre come starting to accumulate on the head of Barney's penis. "There is no it's getting any bigger."

Carrie continued to focus her attention on his huge hard-on, and thought it was nothing short of magnificent. But the young woman also couldn't help but have a little fun with her stepson's close friend.

"Well if you insist that it is a nine, we can..." Carrie began, then pondered something silently.

She then had an idea.

"Janet," she said, calling to her daughter, who was busy watching Craig once again flex his hard-on up and down for the girl's amusement.

"Janet," Carrie called again, a bit louder.

The daughter finally turned her head towards her mom.

"Janet, I need you to do me a favor," Carrie said.

The daughter's eyes almost had to be pried away from Craig's bouncing manhood. She seemed reluctant to give her mom her full attention.

"Janet, stay with me, sweetie," the mom laughed. "I need you to do me a favor. I want you to run inside. Go into the basement. In the closet - "

"Which closet?" Janet interrupted.

"Janet, listen to me. Let me finish," the mom insisted. "Go down to the basement. Go into the closet where Neil keeps his tools. On the third shelf, right near the door, there should be a tape measure. I want you to bring it to me."

Janet, at first, gave her mom a puzzled look.

"What do you need a tape measure..." Janet began, then realized the answer to her own question.

"Holy shit, dude," Craig laughed. "She's gonna measure Barney's dork."

Janet burst out laughing, and so too did Richard and Craig. Barney blushed a bit, but enjoyed being the center of Carrie's much-desired attention.

Janet went into the house and headed for the basement, as Carrie was left supervising all three boys.

She gave Barney this look like 'okay, now we're gonna see once and for all if you're telling the truth.'

"Maybe he's like Pinnochio," Craig offered jokingly. "Only when Barney lies, his dork gets bigger, not his nose."

Carrie chuckled.

"Seems plausible," the woman laughed.

Barney's hard-on continued to throb in the open air, just a few feet from Carrie's face.

Suddenly, a slight breeze through the trees and onto the patio, knocking over a few cups that were sitting on the picnic table, and causing the bottom half of Carrie's peach-colored sun dress to dance lazily in the wind. Her thighs were exposed a bit, and she very slowly, kind of reluctantly, put her dress back down, as she liked giving the boys a tantalizing view of her sexy legs.

"I think we can test Craig's theory," Carrie announced. "Barney, look at me. Did Roger Staubach have dinner at your house?"

"Yes, mam," he answered, still not admitting his lie.

Carrie eyed his glistening prick, which still throbbed to its fullest potential.

"Did you...really (laugh) see a spaceship fly over Old Man Custard's Ranch all those years ago?" Carrie could barely get out.

"I did!" Barney protested even louder. "Regular plains don't fly that low!"

His argument only made everyone more amused.

"Barney Bussett, you are too much," Carrie laughed.

She composed herself and gave Barney's hardened tool another once-over. It stuck up straighter than ever, but was still the same size.

"And no, lying does not make his prick grow even longer," she laughed, looking over at Craig, who jokingly suggested the theory.

As he heard the screen door open, Barney saw Janet come back out to the patio, holding something in her right hand.

"Did you find it?" Carrie asked from her chair.

"I looked all over the frickin basement but I couldn't find it," Janet scoffed.

Her mother immediately groaned.

"Janet, I told you where it was - "

"Mom, please, I looked. It wasn't there," Janet persisted, looking over at the three naked boys.

Reluctantly, Carrie let the issue pass.

"Well then what is that you have in your hand?" the mom asked her beautiful, young daughter.

Janet held up the item with a smirk.

"It's a ruler I had in my room," Janet said. "I don't think I've used this since...God, who knows..."

"Well does it have inches marked on it?" Carrie asked.

"Um-mmm," her daughter answered.

"Well that will do," Carrie said as she reached out for the measuring instrument. "Tape measures are a little bit better to work with for this particular, um, project (laugh), but a ruler will do."

Barney looked over at Carrie, and the boy was nervous. Seemingly just to tease him a bit more and have fun with him, Carrie repeatedly smacked the ruler against her open palm, and eyed his fully erect organ.

Barney had always fantasized about having a woman measure his penis, but he never really thought it would be Carrie. The thought of her actually putting a ruler up against his erection, and critiquing his organ with the utmost scrutiny drove him completely wild.

"Well, Barney Bussett, come to me. I'm not coming to you," she said in a playfully bitchy tone.

Barney could hardly move. It felt like his feet were in wet cement. He was so overcome with arousal that he could barely maintain his calm.

He gingerly walked a few steps over to Carrie, his hardened prick standing up straighter than ever.

"Let's just see what we have here," Carrie said, crossing her legs and leaning up from her chair.

Barney looked down at Carrie's delicate fingers as they very gently grasped his organ, making sure it was fully erect.

Pre-come dripped from the head of his cock, only making Carrie more amused.

"You are really excited, aren't you Barney?" she asked rhetorically.

"Yes, mam," he could barely get out.

Everyone leaned in to see as Carrie now held the wooden ruler up against Barney's shaft, and she made sure to press the measuring tool up against his body, and run it all the way along his erection, all the way to the tip of the head.

His organ was impressive, but not as impressive as he claimed.

"Oh you are so not nine inches," she laughed.

The announcement sent everybody into hysterics, as Barney Bussett had yet again told another tall tale. This whole exercise was meant not to simply embarrass Barney, but instead it was Carrie's attempt at getting the boy to stop lying, and be proud of what he had.

She went on measuring his hard-on, even putting the ruler up against the top, the bottom, and both sides of his shaft to make sure she got the most accurate measurement.

"Just how big is it?" Janet said with a giggle.

"It's actually...seven inches," Carrie said as she finished up her hands-on research. "This little troublemaker...actually has a pretty big schlong."

Barney was put at ease by her warm affection.

"Barney Bussett. Why do you feel the need to always embellish things?" she asked of him. "I wouldn't care if your penis was one inch, two inches, whatever - 20 inches. The point is that everyone here cares for you a great deal. We are all having fun today. My goodness, just be glad with God has given you."

"Yes, mam," he answered her obediently.

As the rest of the group broke into their own private conversation, Carrie walked over to Richard, just to see how he was doing. She couldn't help but look down at his enormous boner, and she playfully put the ruler down upon it, and saw that the measuring instrument could in fact rest right on top of his shaft, without anyone having to hold it in place. The massive head of his cock nearly reached the end of the 12-inch ruler.

The gorgeous brunette, and her stepson, looked at each other and started to crack up.

"I guess I'm kind of different," he said with a big smile.

"Yes, you are, Dick," she laughed. "Different indeed. But in a good way."

Richard rejoined his two friends, and Janet and Carrie went inside and eventually returned with more refreshments.

The afternoon sun kept shining brighter than ever, as if to say that this day was far from over. The boys continued to show off for the women, flexing their muscles and showing off their golden tan bodies.

But inevitably, the focus returned to their naked penises, as it was a point of conversation for not only the girls but the boys as well.

Carrie and Janet recanted how Barney could twirl his around like a baton, and Craig could make his bounce. It was only natural for everyone to wonder what special trick Richard could do with his rather large organ.

"What can you do with yours?" Barney had to ask his buddy.

"Shit, he can probably jump up and down on it like a pogo stick," Craig joked, as Richard's huge erection bounced out in front of him like a teeter totter.

"No, no," Carrie said, fighting back laughter. "But he can in fact put on a very amazing display."

Everyone looked over at Richard, curious to hear more.

"Richard is a very fertile young man," Carrie teased.

Janet was much more colorful in her description.

"He comes like a fucking horse," she announced with glee.

Richard enjoyed the compliment from his step sister, and the boys got excited since they knew the time was coming in which they would be, well, coming.

"I wanna see that thing shoot again," Janet said openly.

The two boys had to ask about these tales of Richard's ejaculatory feats, and Carrie and Janet were insistent that Richard possessed quite a cannon.

"I bet if I masturbated him on the deck, he could shoot it over the pool," Janet boasted.

"That sounds like a challenge," Carrie said happily.

Everyone got really excited, and Craig and Barney both stuck out their erections a bit further, hoping they would be masturbated just like Richard, who was ready for a big release as well.

"I don't know if I can shoot over the frickin' pool," he laughed, "but I really do have to come."

As if on cue, Janet walked right up to her handsome stepbrother, grasped his huge, hardened penis, and led him by his dick over to the deck.

Everyone raved at the sight of the beautiful young girl grasping the handsome young man by his fully erect pole, and in turn Carrie turned to Craig and Barney and staked her claim to them.

"I guess both of you guys are my responsibility," she smiled.

Barney and Craig had grins from ear to ear, and Carrie led the two young men up onto the deck as well, so they could both be with their buddy.

Janet was already stroking Richard's massive cock, as she was now used to the size of the enormous stalk, but still was amazed by it.

"I really want you to fucking shoot," she whispered to him.

"I will, don't worry," he told her confidently. "I won't disappoint you."

"You better not," she said in a mockingly strict tone. "I swear to God, Dick, if you let me down..."

He gave her a slightly apprehensive look for a second, which made her giggle. She loved the power she had over him right now, as it was her that would not only make him come, but also it was her that would decide when he would come.

Carrie had began stroking both of Craig and Barney's cocks. She stood in between them, glancing from side to side as her hands slowly and delicately stroked their erections up and down.

They moaned in ecstasy.

"This feels sooooo good Mrs. Parker," Barney had to say, his head pointed up with his eyes closed.

"You boys deserve it. You've provided so much entertainment (laugh), it's the least I can do," she told them affectionately.

Janet slowly began stroking Richard's massive pecker, as the boy placed both of his hands on his butt and jutted out his midsection to make it that much easier for her to get a good grip on his gargantuan organ.

"Let's show these guys what we can do, Ritchie boy," she whispered to him sweetly.

Richard smiled, and his breathing became more accelerated. Janet used her right hand to masturbate his penis at a nice, steady pace, loving not only the feel of his cock, but she also loved how the sun reflected off his slick tool. She now expertly rubbed his cock head, along with the shaft, to use the pre-come as a natural lubricant.

"Ooo, your dick is getting so nice and smooth," she cooed.

"I'm glad you like it," he teased, making her giggle.

The young brunette loved the spectacle she was a completely willing part of. Here were three young men, completely naked, being masturbated right out in the open, on a perfect summer day. Janet had an even greater respect for her mom at this moment, since the elder one made this special moment seem perfectly natural, and the way it should be.

Carrie, meanwhile, was busy stroking Richard's two best friends, just a few paces away from Richard and Janet. Carrie pumped their rods up and down, with no trouble at all, glancing back and forth between the two and gauging which one was closer to climax.

"Oh, God, Mrs. Parker, please don't stop stroking my cock," Barney pleaded.

"I will never let go until we get you to erupt," she answered with her irresistible charm.

And that was it for him. All the day's events - being naked in front of Carrie and Janet, in fact being measured by Carrie, and now having his penis stroked and fondled by the woman he had forever fantasized about - were about to send him over the edge, and almost the edge of the pool.

Barney's dick released a huge rope of come that spurted straight up and then landed on Carrie's feet, and so taken by the moment, Barney stood up on his tippy toes, and nearly stumbled into the water.

As everyone found infinite amusement at his current condition, Barney was not at all distracted by them, his massive orgasm not at all minimized. His prick continued to spurt out a substantial amount of semen, as Carrie held on tightly to his erection and continued to coax more juice out of the young lad.

"Ohhhhhh Goooooood," he moaned as he completely gave into the moment.

"Look at all that," Carrie said, now relinquishing Craig's tool for just a moment so she could apply both hands to Barney's gushing organ. "Give me everything you have, young man. Oh my, oh, another! Oh wow...oh wow!"

Barney was using every bit of his strength and will power to shoot as much as he could for Carrie, and the incredible amount of semen that she extracted from his cock was proof of his affection for her.

She giggled lightly as a few more tiny streams of come were coaxed from his rod, these ones drenching the head of his dick and also Carrie's lovely, delicate fingers. She finally withdrew her hands from his organ, come dripping from just about every one of her digits.

"You really, really like me, dontcha Barney?" she teased him as she held up her wet, sticky hand.

"Yes, mam," he answered her obediently, causing everyone to voice their amusement.

Carrie reached for a towel that was hanging over one of the railings of the deck, and dried her hands. She then had to congratulate Barney for the display he so proudly put on for everybody.

"Good for you," she said, patting him on the back.

Barney felt a euphoric buzz as he glanced down at his now flaccid but triumphant penis.

"Thank you so much, Mrs. Parker," he gushed.

"You're very welcome, Barney. Now go sit down," she urged him with a smile, as Carrie could now focus all her attention on young Craig.

"Get over here, bouncy boy," she teased him, evoking memories of the animated display he put on earlier.

Carrie wrapped her right hand around Craig's shaft, and immediately squeezed out a good amount of pre-come.

Craig looked Carrie in her eyes and she gave him a sweet smile, which only added to his arousal.

"Come on Mr. BIG advertising guy," she teased him, stroking his cock in fluent motion.

Craig spread his legs a bit and jutted out his midsection just to give Carrie even better access to his man parts, as she now used one of her hands to fondle his nuts while she continued to stroke his rod.

"Ooo, nice big balls, Craiger," she openly complimented him.

"Thank you, Mrs. Parker," he replied, breathing more heavily.

She giggled.

"What's that now?" Janet had to ask her mom, as she listened in on their conversation while gently stroking Richard's massive stalk.

"Craig has some pretty big balls," Carrie repeated. "A nice thick schlong and a good set of huge, hanging nuts. Definitely a winning combination in my book."

Her candidness with the boy surprised even herself, causing her to crack up at her own words. And those words were also just as affective to Craig's ears as Carrie's hands were to his dick.

Craig groaned out loud, almost as if he was in pain, but it was the sound of him giving way to a nut-busting orgasm, the extent of which impressed Carrie and Janet to no end.

Craig's come shot erupted from the head of his prick, and flew through the air in a great arc. It was a long, unbroken stream of white semen, and it splashed against the wood of the deck, gathering in a huge puddle as Carrie continued to coax more out of him.

"Holy cow," Carried had to say, laughing as she continued to work Craig's huge boner.

Carrie loved the feeling of power that was rushing through her body, all the way to her finger tips, as she knew it was her - her sexiness, her charm, and of course, her busy hand - that was causing Craig to unleash such an enormous amount of come. Carrie, quite literally, had the ability to bring the best out in these boys.

"Just let it all go," Carrie said as she watched multiple ropes of semen spurt from his fully erect cock. "My goodness, Craig, look at you! Oh my...oh my WORD! Look at all this!"

Barney, and even Janet and Richard, couldn't help but watch the display intently, as Carrie squeezed a few more spurts of jizz from Craig's softening tool.

Everyone gazed down at the huge puddle of semen that had gathered on the deck, in front of where Craig was standing.

"Jeez louise," Carrie said with great amusement and a sense of accomplishment, her hands now on her hips. "Craiger, that was something else. Is that...normal for you?"

"Well, I just got back from a long trip...it's kind of been a while since I..."

"Masturbated?" she asked him openly.

"Well, yeah," he answered.

Carrie had to look back down at the huge puddle of come again, evidence of her triumph. She shook her head, astonished.

"I mean, I'm not the chronic masturbator that this guy is," he said, gesturing to Barney in a playful way. "But I do it...once in a while...I think you just..."

He lifted his eyes to meet hers. He immediately felt nervous, but braved on.

"Got me so excited," he finished.

Carrie walked over to Barney and Craig and pinched both of their cheeks, rewarding the constant affection they bestowed upon her.

Janet and Richard, however, were busy with other ideas.

"I hate to break up the little love fest over there, but if you want to watch the grand finale, you better come over and watch," Janet encouraged them. "I think Ritchie boy is getting ready to explode."

Carrie and the two other boys heeded the girl's advice. They sat on the nearby bench, waiting for Janet to make Dick erupt.

The girl's small but now skilled hands worked up and down on Richard's extra long shaft, as she used all 10 of her fingers to manipulate his horse-like organ.

"How do you feel Big D?" she whispered sexily in his ear, getting an idea of whether or not he'd be able to meet the challenge she and Carrie gave him.

"Pretty good," he could barely get out, as waves of ecstasy overcame him. "But if you want to make this even better for me..."

Richard now requested that Janet sit down on the nearby bench, on the end of it, and cross her legs for him while she masturbated his huge shaft. She had no problem with the request, but couldn't help but give him a teasing smile.

"What? So I like looking at your legs, so sue me," he said to her.

She loved it when he admitted - out loud - how breathtaking she really was. It made up for all of the petty bickering they once engaged in as step siblings, as now their relationship was brought to a much higher level.

"You're amazing, Janet," he mumbled, but loud enough for her to hear.

She thanked him for the compliment by satisfying his request, and now she sat before Dick, her legs crossed. Janet now drew even more attention from the other two boys.

"Damn, Janet," Craig said aloud, as he was amazed how thick and developed Janet's legs had become.

"Yeah, big thighs - I get them from my mom," she said proudly, slapping one of her tan beauties to tease the boys even more so.

"Is it okay if I dream about your thighs tonight?" Barney gushed.

"Yeah - a wet dream," Craig added, evoking some laughs.

Janet urged Richard over to her, and just as a symbol of his gratitude, she had him kneel down and kiss each of her feet.

"Very good," she said with enthusiasm.

Janet went about stroking Richard's hard-on with gusto, using her left hand to masturbate his massive boner up and down at a fluid pace. Whenever her left arm got tired, she then used her right hand to jerk him off, and used her left to rub his cute, tight butt.

Richard leaned his head back and closed his eyes, moaning with extreme delight.

As well as she was doing, Janet couldn't avoid the inevitable advice from her mom.

"Sweetie, hold him up a little bit more," Carrie urged her. "You have him pointing straight down."

"Okay, okay," Janet answered.

"We want him shooting for distance - you have him pointed right down at the deck," Carrie laughed.

Janet picked up Richard's hefty organ and heeded her mom's advice. His dick was now pointing out over the pool, emblematic of their goal.

"I really want you to shoot, Ritchie boy," Janet repeated to him.

"Just keep stroking me and I won't disappoint you," he told her.

Janet now used her left hand to give his hardened prick over-exaggerated strokes, as she ran her fingers all along the shaft, then caressed the huge head of his cock, noting how swollen and engorged it had become.

His dick head was wet with pre come, and Janet knew just a few more good strokes of his rod would finally give Richard some release.

"Come on, Ritchie boy, do your stuff," she urged him, now stroking his pecker more furiously up and down.

Richard began to thrust his hips, and could feel his balls tightening and ready to explode. He moaned out loud, all but signifying the start of his orgasm.

"Oh God, here it comes," he said.

His massive cock shot forth a thick rope of semen that splashed against the surface of the water, captivating the audience on deck. The second come shot, though, was the one that did it, as Richard's prick unleashed - almost angrily - a substantial amount of come that hit the far edge of the pool, the force of it causing a tiny - but audible - metallic clink as it hit.

"Holy shit, dude!" Barney exclaimed as he marveled at the distance of the shot, some 20 feet away.

"Richard Parker!" Carrie belted out. "That (laugh), that has to be some kind of record!"

Even her mom was overcome with joy and amazement, but Janet stayed focused and kept stroking Richard's massive prick. He cock released another rope of semen, then another, then another.

Then another.

All of them landing in the pool with great force.

"Jesus Christ, dude," Craig said. "How many is that?!"

"I think I've counted 12," Carrie cried out gleefully. "Nope, make that 13. Oh another, 14! Oh there's 15. Sixteen!"

Janet kept cranking Richard's dick up and down, as one of his massive come shots hit one of the rafts floating in the center of the pool, splashing against the rubber toy with an audible splat. Rivulets of semen now ran off the raft, a floating symbol of Janet's mastery.

"Jesus, Dick, my arm's getting fucking tired," she teased him.

Richard stomped his feet lightly as he continued to climax, as Carrie now walked in closer to her stepson to watch his dick relinquish load after load of semen.

"Oh look at you shoot! That's the spirit, Dick - oh my word!" Carrie said gleefully. "Just keep shooting. Holy sh- another one! Woo-hoo!"

Through all of this, Janet's hand remained as steady and as affective as ever, her fingers caressing Richard's huge dong as it dazzled the party goers.

"Oh GOD, you two..." Richard moaned aloud, referring to how much Carrie and Janet had aroused him.

Janet caressed a final few spurts of come from what was Richard's most amazing orgasm to that point. All of the day's activities had affected him in quite a profound way.

As everyone still tried to calm down after this amazing grand finale, Carrie put it all in perspective.

"We've all heard that nursery rhyme about the cow jumping over the moon," she said, slightly bent over at the waist, laughing. "But I will never forget the day Dick shot over the pool."

Barney and Craig had to pat Richard on the back, and Janet patted him on the butt.

"Can we swim here every day?" Barney had to ask Carrie.

"I don't see why not," she told him.

"Can I invite Amber?" Janet asked.

"Of course," Carrie said without hesitation.

At this point, it went without saying that the girls - just like it was on this day - would have bathing suits on. But the boys would be completely nude. It was completely natural, and now the way of things.

As Carrie got ready to depart for her late lunch, Richard was about to stride by her, but she stopped him for a brief demand.

"I need you home, tonight, Dick," she said, looking right in his eyes. "Your training is just beginning."

TO BE CONTINUED



The Tick Incident Ch. 04
bybess_armstrong©

The next day couldn't come quick enough.

Richard Parker awoke on a beautiful Thursday morning full of life and vigor, and jumped readily from his bed, completely nude.

Each day now, he felt like he was floating on a cloud. He was not only embracing his training, he was loving and savoring every moment of it.

The day before had been so enjoyable and so incredibly erotic for him that it still left a big smile on his face, and just gave him a deeply warm and happy feeling inside. He loved being naked in the presence of his step mom and stepsister, and it made him anticipate the next 12 days or so with that much more excitement.

After Barney and Craig had left the night before, Richard hung out with Janet for a bit, watching television, then headed off to bed. He had heard Carrie come in late that night after meeting with friends, but was too tired to get up and chat with her.

He hoped to catch up with her soon.

In the meantime, he looked at the clock and saw that it was shortly after 11. He could hear Janet was already back from cheerleading practice, so he trotted casually down the steps to talk to his lovely stepsis.

"Oh hey, Dick," she said nicely to him as he strode into the kitchen.

In the days that preceded this one, Janet had sometimes reacted to Richard's full-frontal nudity with girlish giggles, which was to be expected of an 18-year-old who hadn't seen many naked men. But to her credit, she had begun to show a certain maturity about the whole thing, not only accepting his nakedness as the norm, but she also had a newfound respect for her stepbrother and what he was doing.

She encouraged him on his decision to help out with the class her mom was not only spearheading but also serving as the willing instructor for, and Janet also made him feel completely at ease around her.

All that said, she did still love to check out his naked body, glancing at his nice, tan upper torso, his muscular buttocks, and of course, his remarkably huge penis.

"No tan lines on you," she teased as he stood before her in the kitchen while she flipped a couple of flapjacks in a skillet.

She eyed him from head to toe, her eyes lingering on his huge, hanging equipment.

"No - don't have to worry about that anymore...for a while anyway," he said, sharing a laugh with Janet as they reminisced about the day before.

Richard now jutted out his midsection a bit, overemphasizing his large, flaccid tool. Janet smiled as she looked right at it, enjoying Richard's desire to show off.

"You're tan all over now, aren't ya'?" she giggled softly.

He smiled back, then walked over to turn down the radio a bit so they could talk more.

"Copacabana" was secretly one of Richard's favorite songs, so it created a nice backdrop for conversation with Janet.

"Do NOT go outside today, Dick," Janet said as she continued to cook. "It is so fuckin' hot. We had to cut practice short because it was just too much."

"What did you guys work on?" Richard asked.

He could barely believe his own ears - he never asked Janet about cheerleading practice, but he just wanted to keep the chat going.

"Well we worked in this new routine, but...I don't know - I'm just kind of pissed off because we screwed up the pyramid," she explained. "It was the first time we almost nailed it, but...ugh, it was just too hot today, that's all..."

Richard appeared sympathetic, and his ability to listen allowed Janet to open up even more with him.

"Dick, can I ask you a serious question, and please just tell me the truth," she said, sitting down at the table across from him and taking a few bites of her pancakes.

Richard nodded, and encouraged her to continue.

"Do you think I'm getting fat?" she asked.

Richard immediately got the feeling that Janet began to compare herself to the other cheerleaders at the college, and that she was feeling the normal anxieties accompanied with being a girl her age. He went out of his way to settle any fears she had.

"Janet, you're perfect," he said with utmost sincerity, looking right into her beautiful eyes from across the table.

She gave him a warm smile, in effect thanking him for his compassion, but she sought more reassurance.

"I don't know...sometimes I think my thighs are getting too big," she said, glancing down at them.

Richard wished he could see those tan beauties, but at the moment they were underneath the table, out of his view. He looked forward to seeing them again.

"I get them from mom, ya' know? It's not my fault," she said, taking a bite of toast.

It was those big, well-rounded thighs - on both Janet and her mom - that drove Richard nuts. Janet was simply being too hard on herself - her thighs didn't even look like they had an ounce of fat on them. They were just big, tan, smooth, supple...succulent.

Richard didn't want to be overly descriptive to Janet in telling her how he thought they were breathtaking, as he didn't want her to think he was obsessed with them, but he did in fact want to make her feel good.

Janet had always been confident about her looks, even cocky at times. But the fact that she was questioning her figure showed just how delicate some women can be at that - or any - age when dealing with their bodies. Janet had a beauty that came from inside, something Richard had come to know. He cared deeply for Janet, and let her know it.

"Janet, I am your stepbrother, and up until the last few weeks I know we've kind of...been bratty to one another," he began, again looking her in the eyes. "But I can tell you, seriously, that I think you are just...you're beautiful."

"Aw, Dick," she gushed, smiling warmly at him.

"And your thighs are fuckin' perfect - believe me," he said.

Richard didn't often curse, so the fact that he did in this particular incident stressed to Janet he was really trying to get his point across.

"I can't stand when girls are too skinny," he went on. "You're...a full-bodied young woman. Please don't ever change."

She giggled sweetly at his sentiments. After she took her empty plate to the sink, she sat up on the table, preparing to make a quick phone call. She crossed her legs, now seemingly showing off those big, healthy thighs.

Her tiny black shorts hugged them nice and tight, and every now and then, when she would move about the room, Richard could see her enormous breasts bounce around underneath her white t-shirt.

"When do you leave for Baylor?" Janet asked her stepbrother casually, as he stood before her.

"Why, you trying to get rid of me?" he kidded.

"No, no," she smiled, tapping her foot in the air just to draw more attention to her amazing legs. "I was just curious. It's gonna be kinda boring without you around."

Richard began to speak, but as she often did, Janet interrupted - not to be rude, but just out of habit.

"Can you believe it's gonna be the '80's in like four months. Isn't that crazy?" she asked wide-eyed.

"Yeah," Richard replied, standing back and pondering the subject. "The last few years just went by so frickin' fast."

"That's the way high school is - you're just so busy with things that time just goes right by," she said with a hint of wisdom. "I mean with classes, activities, sports, studying, dates...you don't even have time to think."

Richard agreed with her whole-heartedly, and also had another keen observation of his own.

"Yeah, time flies. But I think the next 12 days or so will go by slow...at least for me," he said jokingly about his training.

He did in fact love being naked, but he would get nervous every now and then, as if a new challenge awaited him around every corner. Janet sensed his anxiety, and went about easing his worries.

She smiled, and glanced down at his flaccid - but still enormous - male appendage.

"You've been doing great, Dick, seriously," she said. "My mom and I have nothing but high marks for you so far."

One might think she was talking down to Richard, as she spoke with an heir of superiority over him. But Richard didn't mind. It actually aroused him a great deal. He liked the feeling of allowing Carrie - and even Janet - to lead him down this path he had chosen. It was his choice to do this class, and to accept the training Carrie had in mind for him. And he felt in his heart that this venture would not only allow him to live out his exhibitionist desires, but would lead to bigger things, a certain lifestyle even.

"You think I've been doing okay with it?" he asked of his nude regiment.

"I do, I really do," she said sincerely. "Seriously, Dick, yesterday you really impressed me..."

Richard couldn't help but smirk, as one thing suddenly came to mind, and Janet knew what that something was.

"And I'm not just talking about your uh...ejaculatory exploits," she smiled, acknowledging his amazing come shot of a day earlier.

He giggled, sounding almost like she often does.

"I mean you were really...yourself," she said. "Your personality really came out. You were sociable, you were smiling, laughing - jumping up and down (laugh)...you didn't just sit there like a bump on a log, which my mom and I feared you might do. You were really a lot of fun."

Richard thanked her for the kind words, and told her he was glad to be coming out of his shell.

"Barney and Craig really get a kick out of you, ya' know?" she went on. "I think your level-headedness and your ability to make everybody around you feel good really amazes them."

An ability to "make everybody around you feel good" was a quality Richard often bestowed upon his step mother. The fact that Janet gave Richard that same compliment was a high honor. Maybe Carrie was rubbing off on him.

The two went on talking casually about their respective colleges, and after 20 minutes or so Carrie came through the front door, relieved to make it in from the heat.

"Oh good, Dick, you're up - I was just about to call upstairs to you," she said as the beautiful brunette entered the kitchen, her hair in a cute pigtail.

Her casual look was not limited to just her gorgeous brown locks, as she wore a sporty looking Bicentennial T-shirt and a pair of white denim shorts. The shirt was three years old, and a bit shrunken over the years from several washes. That meant, of course, her rather large breasts showed up awfully nice in the red, white and blue top.

As Richard carefully checked out his step mom's sexy attire, she in turn gave the boy a quick once over, her soft, brown eyes ever so casually glancing down at his soft, but enormous member. On the inside, she was delighted to see Richard embracing his training, but now reacted to it as if it was expected of him.

"Ugh," Carrie said as she put down a bag of groceries on the counter - milk, eggs, and some other items showing through the plastic bag. "That was an exhausting morning, lemme tell ya.' "

"Please do," Janet kidded. "I heard you come in late last night - what did you do, dance the night away with your doctor buddies?'

Carrie let out a disgusted sigh as if she didn't even want to get started on the topic.

"That," she began, "is a whole other story. I'll tell ya' all about it in a minute but in the meantime, Dick?"

The boy had been temporarily distracted by something on television, but quickly snapped back to focus.

"Dick? You with me?" she smiled.

"Yes, mam," he answered her obediently.

"I need you, both of you actually, to help me out with the groceries," Carrie told them, her hands on her hips, looking nice and authoritative. "We're gonna make a little assembly line (laugh). I'll bring them in from the car. Janet, you wait for me at the door and bring them into the kitchen, and Dick, you can put everything away, okay?"

"Yes, mam," Richard answered clearly.

Janet just sort of nodded, watching a Tab commercial on the television. A shirtless man with rippling muscles is what captivated her about the particular ad. She then laughed to herself as she realized that she had something much better in person - Richard, who was not only shirtless, but completely naked. The young girl strolled out of the kitchen and to the front door.

Seemingly mundane, everyday tasks like this one now became a lot more fun for Richard, and the two women as well. Richard did in fact feel such a thrill as his huge dick swung about to and fro without any constraint, right in the open view of the two women.

As Janet relayed the groceries to Richard, bringing in bag after bag after bag, she took special delight in checking out his ample package just about every time she came back in the kitchen. Her glances were not at all thwarted by her step brother, but rather welcomed.

After their task was complete, Carrie joined Richard and Janet in the kitchen for some lemonade, with Carrie sitting at the kitchen table, Janet sitting up on the counter - her amazing legs at eye level, and Richard stood casually in the middle of the room. When the women's conversation changed to something Richard wasn't particularly interested in, he awkwardly shifted his weight from one leg to the other, in a seemingly restless fashion.

He did feel awkward when he would go long stretches without saying anything, but he braved through it.

"Tell me about last night - what the hell happened?" Janet asked curiously.

"Oh my God," Carrie laughed, holding the glass of lemonade up to her forehead in order to cool off at a faster rate. "I met with Stan and Melanie for dinner, and we were all thinking steak, so we decided to go to 'The Cactus.'"

"How was it?" Janet jumped in.

"Oh the food was sensational," Carrie said. "But lemme -"

"What did you have?" Richard had to ask.

"The porterhouse," Carrie told him with a smile. "It was amazing. The food is always good there."

Carrie pushed her chair out from the table a bit, just to get closer to Janet and Richard. She was about to tell them about the events of the night before, but just by natural reflex, she pulled in closer to the kids as if to not let anybody else hear the conversation.

She also crossed her legs, then began gently rubbing the top of the right one, indirectly getting Richard very excited. But he maintained his composure.

"Anyway," she began, taking a sip of lemonade. "Well, Doctor Stan had a little bit too much to drink. And Melanie wasn't of much help either."

"Didn't they bring the baby?" Janet asked with a confused look on her pretty face.

"At the last minute, they called their babysitter," Carrie explained, her eyes getting bigger as she approached the real crux of the story. "They wanted to have a night to themselves and cut loose, which is fine. Hey, I understand completely. When you have a baby, and it's 24-7 taking care of it and getting so little sleep and running around and all the hectic scheduling...believe me, I know. You need to have a night out once in a while."

Janet and Richard both nodded to signify their understanding.

"But," Carrie announced. "Once they both finished off more than a bottle of White Zinfandel between the two of them, guess who suddenly became the unlucky designated driver?"

"Oh no," Janet said.

"This girl, right here," Carrie said loudly, pointing her thumbs towards her own chest.

"Don't they (laugh), don't they live in Austin?" Janet asked.

"Um-mmm," Carrie nodded. "We picked 'The Cactus' because it's a good meeting point - halfway in between."

"Right, right," Janet agreed.

"But when I had to drive them all the way home, then turn around and come all the way back - I was so exhausted," Carrie said. "Then, on top of all that, they were doing construction in the middle of the night on Route 35. Bumper to bumper for over an hour...(Sigh) We decided to take a little detour and try some of the side roads. (Sarcastic laugh) For crying out loud, some of the little dirt trails around Old Man Custard's Ranch are paved better."

This sad but entertaining little anecdote painted yet another picture of Carrie's unyielding compassion for others, as she put Stan and Melanie's needs before her own. And after such a stressful night, Carrie needed to unwind a bit.

"Didn't you think about staying at the Mackenzies' for the night?" Janet asked.

"The baby," Carrie answered.

"Oh right," Janet replied.

"Just in case the baby was up all night, I didn't want to go through all that - I was tired," the mom said. "Plus, I didn't want you and Dick worrying where I was. I was going to stop and call but I figured, lemme just get home before anything else happens."

Just then the lovely brunette spotted a few rabbits about to do some damage to her flower bed, and she bolted up from her chair to go outside and shoo them away. Richard loved how her nice, big butt bounced around in her tight shorts as she ran.

"She's so obsessed with her flowers," Janet said, her eyes lingering on Richard's naked penis.

"I know," he laughed. "They do look really good though."

Carrie came back in and quickly apologized for her hasty exit.

"So how drunk were they?" Janet laughed.

"Drunk," Carrie said flatly. "When Doctor Stan gets up and starts singing 'I did it my way,' you know it's time to leave."

Carrie then indulged the kids in a more expansive retelling of the night's events, and how the Mackenzies did some wild dancing. It was nothing more wild than the parties they used to throw, parties that Carrie briefly alluded to. These "wild parties" were of great interest to Richard, but Carrie would leave it for another time to go into more detail about those.

"Yeah - the two of them are gonna be nursing some pretty major hangovers today, that's for sure," Carrie chuckled.

After a few seconds of silence, the mom and daughter looked over at Richard with grins, welcoming the boy to add anything to the conversation. He did in fact go about 20 minutes without saying a word.

"That sucks for them," he said of the Mackenzies. "Glad I'm not hung over today."

Carrie gave him a sympathetic smile. She knew he was trying to be sociable. Janet was in a more teasing mood.

"No - you're just hung," she quipped.

The mom chuckled whole heartedly.

"Janet," she could barely get out. "That's (laugh)..."

Carrie gave up on trying to say something in response and instead just gave into a hearty laugh.

"I'm sorry, I just can't go long without acknowledging..." the daughter said, pointing to his hefty penis.

"His ding dong?" Carrie said in a cute fashion.

Richard rolled his hips to gently make his penis swing from side to side.

"It does almost demand to be noticed, doesn't it?" Carrie observed, sympathizing with her daughter.

The mom leaned in and looked directly at Richard's incredibly large softy.

"Well, Hello there, how are you today?" the woman said in an adorable tone, jokingly talking to his hanging member.

Again, he made it dance for her. Carrie not only shook her head with a big grin, marveling at her stepson's long, dangly dork, but it amazed her so much that she had to indulge her curiosity on the matter.

"Richard, have you ever - " the mom began to ask but was interrupted by her precocious daughter.

"I keep seeing all these dancing penises - I just can't get the images out of my mind from yesterday," Janet said happily, reminiscing about her first experience with such blatant, full-frontal male nudity. "That was sooooo much fun."

"Yes, yes it was," Carrie confirmed with a smile.

All three of them, including Richard, recalled the previous afternoon's events with glee, as it was not only a hoot, but it brought all three of them closer together.

"It was a heck of a lot of fun, but exhausting," Carrie said. "I could barely get out of bed this morning."

"At least you didn't have to do jumping jacks," Richard commented with a grin.

It took only a second for Carrie to realize what he was referring to. 

"That is true, Dick," she laughed openly. "That is very true."

Janet practically fell off the table as she let out a belly-aching chuckle, recalling the sight of Richard doing the aforementioned exercise with such gusto the day before.

"That's when Dick turned into the little drummer boy," the girl laughed, smacking her taut tummy to imitate the sight of Richard's enormous penis smacking whole-heartedly against his stomach. The sound did create - yes - that of a pounding drum.

"What do you mean, little?" Carrie objected playfully.

"Oh that's true - I guess 'big' drummer boy in Dick's case," Janet laughed.

Richard didn't mind their good-natured razzing, and he continued to stand in the middle of the kitchen, letting the women enjoy the memories of a day gone by.

"Barney could really swing his, couldn't he," Carrie recalled with a big smile, tugging at her red, white, and blue top and making her large breasts bounce just a bit underneath.

"Oh my God, like at one point he must have swung his dick around like 20 times in a row," Janet belted out.

Carrie shook her head back and forth, still amazed by the boys' enthusiasm at the pool party.

"Is there an event for something like that at the Moscow Olympics?" the mom joked.

"Ha! Oh but the U.S. is boycotting," Janet said, trying to show she was keeping up on the news.

"Even so," Carrie laughed, "the Bussett boy should be up on a stage somewhere showing off a talent like that."

Each young man made such an impact on Carrie and Janet at the pool party, the women took it upon themselves to spend time celebrating how unique each boy was.

"Craig could really tear the floor up with his - remember when he was making it dance?' the mom remarked with a chuckle.

"Oh yeah he could like, make it move up and down and stuff," Janet joined in.

"Very emphatically, if I might add," Carrie admired. "Almost like it was moving to an imaginary beat."

They described what Barney could do, they described what Craig could do. Richard knew they would eventually start talking about him, and his penis, just like the two gals did with the other boys.

Janet glanced over at her stepbrother with a wicked grin, and composed herself just enough to be able to make a statement.

"My mom says she's gonna start calling you 'Flopper,'" the girl said in Richard's direction.

"Janet," Carrie mumbled underneath her breath, as if to say 'why did you have to mention this?'

'Flopper' sounded like an innocent, cute nickname, so it wasn't really off-putting to Richard. He was curious to know the reasoning behind it.

"Why 'Flopper?'" he asked.

Janet laughed, then continued.

"Because your dick flops all over the place when you walk around," she said quite clearly, and with gusto.

Richard felt embarrassed, yet terrifically aroused, excited that the women were so amused by his swaying penis.

"We both just sat back and watched it at one point...," Janet explained.

Carrie and Janet talked amongst each other as if Richard wasn't in the room, but he didn't try to interrupt their conversation, instead just standing there bravely while letting them have their fun. After a good few minutes of snickering, Carrie did glance over at Richard, almost suggesting he join the conversation.

"I don't know," he said in response to their chatter about his penis' animated movements. "I have a big dork - what do you want me to do?"

Carrie gave him a warm smile.

"It's okay, sweetie," she said. "Big ones tend to...move on their own."

She crossed her legs while glancing at his dangling penis.

"Like they have their own free will," his step mother added with a laugh.

"They swing, they flop..." Janet began.

"They dance, they frolic," Carrie continued with a chuckle.

Because all of the focus was on it anyway, Richard decided to place even more emphasis on his penis, swinging it up and down and making the large slab of meat slap heartily against his tummy.

"I can't believe you didn't notice it til yesterday - how much it moves when he walks," Janet laughed, pestering her mom.

"Oh I did notice, I just guess...it being out in the afternoon sun, it was that much more apparent," Carrie observed while Richard continued to move his enormous tool to and fro for the two seated women.

After a few minutes of giving them a show, Richard eventually tired and stood in front of the two ladies, their beaming smiles evidence of their gratitude for his performance. But Carrie never wasted a moment's time in lecturing her stepson.

"Stand up straight sweetie, don't slouch," she instructed, glad to see Richard fold his hands behind his back, and stand nice and upright with his naked maleness on full display.

"Very good," Carrie told him. "The girls in that class will be delighted to see how well mannered you are."

Janet snickered.

"My mom's gonna have you jumping through hoops by the time your training is over," the daughter laughed.

"Not literally, sweetie," Carrie said, giving Richard a warm smile.

Nevertheless, it amused Janet how obedient her stepbrother had become.

"I had no idea you could train a horse so easily," she joked.

Carrie instantly found humor in her daughter's remark. And, after all, it was Richard that first compared himself to the aforementioned four-legged animal, so the two women couldn't be blamed for continuing the joke.

"Nay like a horse for us, Ritchie," his stepsister playfully taunted him.

"Oh don't make him do that," Carrie laughed.

"Come on, be a good sport, nay like a horse for us, Ritchie boy," Janet persisted.

Richard took a deep breath, then bellowed out what he thought was a good imitation of a horse naying. It sounded ridiculous.

"What on Earth was that?" Carrie laughed. "That didn't sound (laugh)...That didn't sound like a horse!"

Intent on redeeming himself, Richard did a much better job on the second attempt, and even stomped at the floor - just like a horse - to give some depth to his performance.

"That's more like it," Carrie laughed.

"Well done, Ritchie boy," Janet added.

As this playful hour of chatter moved into the early afternoon, Carrie shifted the conversation back towards the events of her dinner party last night. It aroused Richard a great deal that his step mother could so easily talk openly about his naked penis one minute, then speak quite gaily about less stimulating events the next minute. She was making Richard's nudity seem more and more routine, and more comfortable for him.

"You should see the car that Stan drove to dinner," Carrie commented.

She looked right at Richard to make him feel involved in the conversation.

"A brand-new Mercedes Benz, looked like he drove it right off the lot," Carrie gushed. "Must be nice to have that kind of money."

Carrie was not at all a materialistic woman. She liked the simple things in life. But she did like to pass time simply by admiring other people's fancy possessions.

"Yeah, nice car but too bad he couldn't drive it," Janet said in a snide fashion.

"Well..." Carrie said, sympathizing with Stan. "He and Melanie just needed a night out. They did the right thing by letting me drive."

Carrie's glances went back and forth from Janet to Richard, and occasionally her stares would be fixed on Richard's huge, hanging penis.

"Oh and wouldn't you know it, the car dealer Stan bought his Mercedes from," Carrie began, "he's the same dealer that Neil bought his Cutlas from five years ago right after our wedding. Only that dealer moved down to Austin - lives there with his family now."

Carrie looked at Janet, hoping she would find interest in the little anecdote.

"Wowsers," the daughter playfully said.

"Oh you're not interested," Carrie laughed. "Isn't that something, Dick?"

Richard made a little bit more of an attempt to seem fascinated by the little tale.

"Yeah, that's funny," he answered.

"Texas is a big place but it's a small world, isn't it?" she smiled, looking right into his adoring eyes.

He nodded with a grin.

"And he is such a nice man," Carrie went on. "And he gave us a good deal - I'm sure he gave Stan a good deal too. And that car hasn't given us a single problem."

Carrie didn't try to make idle conversation just for the heck of it - she did it with a purpose. She wanted to sometimes shift the focus away from Richard's nakedness not only for his sake, and letting him feel comfortable about it, but she also wanted Janet to feel more at ease about seeing her stepbrother completely nude.

For Richard, this two weeks of training was in fact a marathon, not a sprint. Carrie knew if she let his naked penis become the focus of every conversation, he would be needing release every second, every instant. She knew she had to build up his stamina.

Richard tried to keep his interest in Carrie's conversation, but Janet was now more focused on Richard's nudity, especially one particular part of his anatomy.

"It's so big and it's not even hard," Janet said, staring openly at his member.

Carrie was about to say something more about Stan and Melanie, but quite easily shifted her focus to Richard. The poised wife and mother, very sexily, crossed her legs and now openly gazed at the marvelous appendage Janet had just made reference to.

Carrie bit down softly on her pointer finger and slowly shook her head, with a smile that suggested she knew what she was looking at was quite out of the ordinary, and marvelous.

"I still can't get over it either, Janet," Carrie said to her daughter, while staring at Richard's enormous endowment. "Dick, tell me something, sweetie. Have you ever measured your schlong when it's completely soft?"

Richard loved how the relationship between he and his step mom had grown so close that she could easily ask such intimate questions of him.

"Um..." he began.

"Inquiring minds want to know, Dick," Janet teased him.

Carrie glanced at his hanging tool, now studying it more scrupulously.

"What's the term for it when it's like this - flaccid?" Janet asked.

"Um-mmm," Carrie nodded. "Flaccid is correct."

An amused smile came across the beautiful brunette's face.

"Flaccid would pretty much be the OPPOSITE of what Barney and Craig were yesterday," the mom teased.

"Oh Gawd," Janet agreed. "They had these like, mega huge boners the whole frickin' time!"

Carrie shook her head, laughing.

"They were saluting me an awful lot, that's for sure," she said. "I felt like a general amongst two very adoring privates."

Janet snickered at that description, finding a double meaning in it.

"Or not so private," the daughter said.

Carrie smiled, and now wanted to get Richard back in the conversation. The two women had gone off on a tangent on their own there for a bit, and now Carrie rubbed Richard's leg very lightly to show her affection.

"I don't know if you're gonna get to go outside much later, sweetie," Carrie said to her stepson. "It's - "

Just then thunder boomed in the distance, and lightning shot across the big, blue Texas sky.

"Oh my LORD," Carrie said, holding her chest to calm down, laughing a bit. "What on Earth?"

"That scared the shit out of me," Janet said, laughing while she raced to the window.

Richard, as well, followed the two women over to the sliding glass door, and they all peered out as heavy rain began to fall. The high plateau out beyond the back fence best showed the impact of the rain, as large drops bounced mightily off the rock-hard, dry surface.

"Thank God," Carrie said. "We really needed this."

The thunderous rain storm now became the topic of talk between the three, and Carrie, true to form, got herself an umbrella and went outside to make sure that the overabundance of water was draining properly from her flower bed.

"She is such a character," Janet laughed. "Look at her - she's getting soaked."

The umbrella did its best to block some of the downpour, but since the wind picked up and the rain was now blowing sideways, Carrie could not help getting wet. She quickly checked her bluebonnets, was assured they would be okay, and rushed back into the house.

The glass door slid open, and Carrie rushed inside.

"Do NOT go out there," she stressed, folding the umbrella back up. "God, now I have to go and change."

Richard instinctively looked down at Carrie's Bicentennial T-shirt. Drenched from the rain, it clearly showed the outline of her two enormous breasts. Her bra could not keep them from bouncing underneath the wet tee.

As she bent down to take off her muddy sneakers, it only made Carrie's boobs bounce around that much more.

'Jesus, she has some big tits,' Richard thought to himself.

"Dick, I need you to put these by the washer," Carrie said, handing her stepson the sneakers. "I'm gonna go and get changed into something dry. God, look at this shirt (laugh)."

Richard had been looking at it, entranced, for the last 20 seconds.

"What are we gonna do all afternoon?!" Janet shouted as her mom exited the room.

After a brief absence while she got dressed into a pair of khaki shorts and a purple top, Carrie now came back in, and so too did Richard from the laundry room.

"I don't know, what are you kids up for?" Carrie asked.

Both Richard and Janet had blank looks on their faces.

"We could watch a movie, play a game...maybe do some cleaning?" Carrie pondered aloud.

"Yuck," Janet said.

Carrie now sat down on the outer arm of the sofa, placing her hands underneath her big, sexy butt to provide herself some cushion.

"Well tell me, Janet, what do you want to do? Give me some suggestions," Carrie said to her daughter in an irritated tone.

"Um, we could...," Janet began, staring up at the ceiling.

She walked closer to Richard, her stare now fixed upon his big, naked penis.

"We could...take some measurements," the girl said, mumbling the last couple words with a sexy grin.

"Measurements? Measurements of what, Janet, spit it out," the mom told her.

Janet simply gestured to Richard's huge, hanging member.

Carrie's head dropped down as she chuckled a bit.

"You want to measure Richard's penis?" the mom asked her, both curious and amused.

"It would be coooool," Janet replied. "I've never measured a penis."

Carrie glanced over at Richard, with a look that suggested 'do you believe her?'

"Pleeeeeeeeese!" Janet pleaded. "Come on, you measured Barney's yesterday."

The mom scoffed.

"I measured Barney's to prove a point," Carrie argued. "I wanted that boy to be happy with what he had."

"So! I want a prove a point by measuring Richard," Janet argued.

"Oh, and what point is that?" Carrie asked, even though she knew she was probably setting her daughter up for one of her classic retorts.

"That Richard has a really, really, really big dick," she said as she laughed out loud.

Even the mom couldn't help but show her amusement.

"It is almost...cartoonishly large, isn't it?" Carrie observed, looking openly at Richard's massive wang.

"Ha! She called your dick a cartoon," Janet laughed.

Richard chuckled at himself.

"Well...cartoons are fun," he reasoned aloud.

"Yes they are," Carrie agreed wholeheartedly, wanting Richard to embrace his size. "Everyone loves cartoons."

Both the women now admired Richard's naked member. Carrie felt she should go a step further with her statement.

"And everyone loves a big penis," she said.

The room was now filled with a certain happy warmth, and also a feeling of anticipation.

As the three went on chatting for a bit, Carrie began to realize that the purple top she hastily threw on was over accentuating the outline of her large breasts, and she modestly, and casually, used her arms to temporarily cover them up.

This action only emphasized further the stark contrast between Richard and the two women, when it came to the set of rules having to do with their attire.

Carrie sometimes refrained from even showing the outline of her ample bosoms, while Richard stood there completely naked before the mother and daughter, openly displaying everything that God bestowed upon him.

This was the natural way of things in the Parker house.

"I wanna take sooooooo many measurements," Janet said. "When it's soft, when it's hard, how thick it is..."

"Oh we'll cover the whole nine yards," Carrie answered, delighted her daughter was indulging her curiosity about the male form.

"Yep, the whole nine yards," Janet said, eying Richard from head to toe. "Or 11 inches anyway."

Carrie burst out laughing.

"Oh you're bad," she teased her daughter. "Is that what you told us, Richard, that it's 11?"

Richard knew in fact it was 11, more than 11 actually, but, a little shy, he hesitated to answer.

"When your schlong is at full mast?" Carrie added playfully.

"Yes, mam," Richard answered. "Eleven and a half actually."

"Ooo, 11 and a half, huh?" Janet teased. "Well, we'll see about that."

"Yes, we will, won't we?" the mom replied, sending a warm smile in Richard's direction. "We will definitely see about that."

As Richard and Janet bounced around the room getting ready for this unique indoor activity, Carrie, always the level-headed one, began giving instructions.

"Dick, since my daughter can't follow instructions, why don't you get the tape measure this time," the caring brunette said.

"Oh shut up," Janet said jokingly to her mom.

"It's in the basement?" Richard asked.

"Um-mmm," Carrie said. "You remember where I told Janet? It's right on the shelf down there. There should be a big, big tape measure."

Richard got so excited thinking about what the two women were going to use that certain measuring instrument for that he briskly walked towards the basement, and hopped down the steps. Just as Carrie had instructed, the tape measure was sitting on the nearby shelf, but covered up by a rag - Janet simply didn't look hard enough for it the day before.

Richard was so eager to show the two women that he had found the measuring tool that as he walked out of the basement, he held it up in the air triumphantly. As he approached them and drew closer, however, they seemed preoccupied with something else.

Janet was so overcome with amusement, she grabbed a pillow and covered her pretty face with it, laughing hysterically. Carrie looked at her daughter, laughing heartily as well and unable to express her amusement in words.

"What is so gosh darn funny?" Richard asked.

Janet didn't answer her stepbrother directly, but instead shared the moment with her mom.

"It doesn't just flop around," Janet said in between gales of laughter. "It does its own gymnastics routine!"

The observation only made Carrie chuckle even more relentlessly, and Richard quickly realized the two women of the house were talking about his penis again, and its frantic, unrestrained movements.

Richard was not only cool about it, and let them have their fun, but he expressed somewhat of an understanding for their behavior, since he fully understood that Carrie - and especially Janet - were not accustomed to seeing a naked male - and a very well-endowed one at that - strolling about the house from dawn 'til dusk.

"Did you see it when he hopped up the steps?" Carrie commented, grabbing her chest as she laughed aloud. "It's like it did a somersault!"

Janet had her head in the pillow again, her laughter a telling sign of how much fun she was having on this otherwise dreary Texas afternoon.

"Flop-pur! Flop-pur! Flop-pur!" the girl cheered aloud triumphantly, clapping her hands as she playfully celebrated her stepbrother's amazing member.

Richard smiled in her direction.

"You'll have to excuse us, Dick," Carrie said as she rose from the sofa, still giggling a bit. "We are just so captivated by your schlong."

The honest, direct statement aroused Richard a quite deal, intensified by the fact that Carrie was walking up close to him and he could once again see the outline of her massive breasts.

"I think it's captivated by us, too," Janet quickly said, noticing Richard's rapidly growing erection.

Carrie looked down and gasped as she saw Richard growing and growing...and growing. She was both impressed and delighted.

"Well," she said, looking over at her daughter with a big grin. "So much for measuring it when it's soft."

Richard could control himself no longer, as he now stood before the women with an outrageously huge boner, much to their amusement. He was not only fully erect, but the degree to which the women aroused him with their good-hearted - but nonetheless relentless - teasing, Richard felt as though this might be the most intense erection he had ever had.

"Down boy," he playfully said to his incredible hard-on.

The women didn't seem to mind his aroused state, but rather invigorated by it. They loved how excited they made the young man of the house.

"Hold on, before you measure, you gotta let me do this," Janet said, reaching and extending her hand towards Richard's fully engorged prick.

The young girl pulled Richard's boner down as far as it would go, then released it to watch it fling back up and smack heartily against his belly.

"I love that," Janet squealed.

Smiling as a result of her daughter's enthusiasm, and also her own enjoyment in seeing Richard's splendid manhood, Carrie reached out and took the tape measure from Richard, eager to gauge the exact dimensions of the monstrous erection before her.

"Let's see what we have here. Just come right over here, Dick, I'm just gonna sit down," Carrie said, as she sat sexily on the edge of the reclining chair, crossing her legs.

Just then the phone rang, and Janet went to the kitchen to answer the call. Carrie, meanwhile, had a little trouble at first with the measuring instrument, reeling it out only to see it go flying back into its housing.

"Oh wow. That was quite a thwack," she laughed, startled by the loud noise the tape made.

"What's going on here?" Janet asked teasingly as she returned to the family room.

"The tape measure tried to bite me," Carrie kidded. "Dick saw it. Didn't it try to bite me?"

His step mother's lightheartedness contrasted greatly with the emotion Richard was feeling right now, as it was a mixture of both arousal and nerves. He had never had a woman measure his penis before, and the thought of both Carrie and Janet doing it was extremely exciting for him. They had always focused much of their attention on his big, swinging cock, but now they were doing it to such a degree that they would be calculating its length, width, and whatever else they were curious about.

Richard stood before his step mom, with Janet leaning in from the side. Carrie slowly - and more carefully this time - reeled out the yellow tape. It clucked loudly as each inch was released from the housing, and jokingly Carrie reeled out about three feet of the yellow, plastic measuring device, poking fun that his organ might in fact warrant such an amount. As she ran the tape along the lengthy shaft, the 35-year-old wife and loving mother could not help but marvel at what was pulsing and throbbing before her eyes.

"I have NEVER, ever," she said, laughing lightly, "measured a penis this big before."

Her fascination only made Richard's organ swell to a more intense degree.

"This is fun," Janet simply said.

"This is a heck of a lot of fun," Carrie added gleefully.

Richard looked down at Carrie's pretty, slender fingers holding the yellow tape along his fat cock, and she leaned in closer to have a look at what it revealed.

"Dick, sweetie, hit that light for me," she requested. "It'll help me see a little better."

It had gotten a bit dark in the family room from the ongoing storm outside, and this also just built the suspense as Carrie measured Richard's amazing wang.

"So? What are we looking at length-wise?" Janet asked eagerly.

"It's...," Carrie began, a big smile coming across her face.

"Sheesh," she then said, shaking her head in fascination.

"What is it? How long is it?" Janet asked, her voice breaking because of the excitement.

"Well," Carrie began, then studied the yellow tape with even greater scrutiny. "On a scale from 1 to 10..."

Janet's eyes widened, awaiting the news.

"He's an 11," Carrie said, then gave into her amusement and filled the room with her rich, heartwarming laughter.

"Jesus Christ," Janet said. "Let me see."

Richard had already told the women on multiple occasions just how long his remarkable penis was, but Carrie's measurement gave it much more credibility.

"Look," Carrie urged her daughter while pressing the end of the tape against Richard's bulbous, fat dick head. "It's easily 11, probably closer to 12 in fact."

Janet didn't just look, but actually took the tape from her mom and measured the dazzling dong on her own. The young one caressed Richard's giant dork, making sure it was at it fullest potential.

She measured the length over and over again, from several angles, in awe that she was holding an 11-and-a-half-inch male organ.

"You have a really, really big penis, young man," Carrie teased her stepson, then rubbed his shoulder to make him feel even more at ease.

With some encouragement from her mom, Janet went about measuring the thickness of Richard's enormous tool, wrapping the yellow tape measure around the girthy shaft.

"I wanted to measure it like as soon as he dropped his shorts that one night," Janet admitted.

"Oh the night when he had the tick? Yeah, I (laugh)...I have to say - if our trusty friend was within reach at that moment," Carrie said, pointing to the measuring tape. "I might have had to satisfy my curiosity right then and there."

Janet seemed in no hurry to stop measuring Richard's prodigious prick, as she now entertained her curiosity by taking further calculations, like how big the head was, and how long the shaft was.

"Are you writing a thesis on it?" Carrie teased her daughter, who was indeed fascinated by Richard's massive pole.

Carrie let her daughter satisfy her growing interest, and for a moment walked over to the sliding glass door to see that the rain had pretty much subsided. But another storm, one of a different sort, was building.

Richard's erection throbbed in the open air, now releasing strings of precome as evidence of its increasing level of arousal.

"You know the thing I'm most curious about," Carrie began, taking the tape measure from her daughter and lightly smacking the tape against her open palm, "is not how long...but how much."

Janet looked over at her mother, then at Richard, whose balls had swelled to the size of two small plums.

"You mean measure how much...man juice he provides?" the daughter asked with a big smile.

"Um-mmm," Carrie nodded. "I know you, as well as I, have been thrilled to watch Dick...explode (laugh)."

"It's better than any Bicentennial fireworks show," Janet agreed wholeheartedly.

"Exactly," Carrie answered, now getting up from the arm of the chair. "I just need to find..."

With that, she strode sexily into the kitchen, leaving Janet alone with her stepbrother. Her stares lingered on his outrageous hard-on.

"Your dick looks like it's gonna have a heart attack," she kidded him, tugging at her shirt and making her enormous breasts bounce just a bit.

"I really need to come," he said flatly.

Janet now jumped up from her chair, her huge tits bouncing against her tight shirt.

"Don't worry, Dickie boy," she said. "We're gonna let you do your stuff, don't worry."

The two could hear some rustling about in the kitchen, a light banging of pots and pans. The slight break in the action allowed Janet to ask Richard some more introspective questions.

"What's it feel like?" she had to ask him, with a kind smile. "Just...always being naked?"

Richard took a deep breath as he tried to give the question his full attention. Janet had already began talking again though.

"I mean, me, I...if I were naked I know I'd be covering up my tits, reaching to cover up you know what," she giggled, speaking delicately of her gorgeous pussy.

"I was...shy at first too," he had to admit. "But now, I guess I'm starting to get used to it."

She nodded. It's almost like she was looking for a deeper answer than that, but she settled for Richard's general response.

"I remember that night," she began, "with the tick, and I saw you, saw everything (giggle). I remember thinking, 'wow, I can picture Richard naked any time I want now.'"

Richard imagined her doing that exact thing, and it excited him.

"But now I don't even have to picture it," she said with a wonderful chuckle.

Richard glanced over at her, waiting for her to finish.

"I get to see your big schlong on a daily basis," she said with utmost delight.

The fact that she enjoyed his nudity so much gave him tremendous joy. He could see her glance at his muscular arms, his cute, tight butt, and of course, his large, erect cock. But Richard was more preoccupied with one thing now, and that was shooting his load.

He began to groan a bit out of discomfort, as he desperately sought release.

"Oh, it's okay, babe, we're gonna let you come, just hold on," Janet said soothingly. "Either my mom is really looking hard for something out there, or she's purposely making you wait (giggle)."

After a few more moments, Carrie came back into the living room, with a few things in hand.

"What are those?" Janet asked.

Carrie placed the items down on the table.

"Some old measuring cups I don't use anymore," the mom answered, speaking of the bronze-colored instruments. "They....should do the trick."

She said it hesitantly, as if she was uncertain the small cups would be able to capture all of Dick's copious seed.

"There's also an old blender out there if we need a bigger holder," Carrie laughed, and her daughter had to chuckle as well.

"Alrighty, why don't you...hold this one," she said to Janet, handing her one of the cups. "And I will hold this one. Dick, you mind taking the wheel this time?"

In a cute way, she had asked him to start masturbating himself, without the women's assistance for once.

"We're gonna be kind of busy catching things," Carrie noted, as they already prepared to capture his mighty blast.

Richard, standing up nice and tall, started to gently stroke his enormous cock, with Carrie and Janet seated before him on the couch. As if on cue, Carrie crossed her amazing legs, and Richard openly stared at the underside of her big, gorgeous thighs.

"That's it, sweetie, just keep stroking your schlong," she urged him. "Try to picture all of the girls in that class, and how you'll be giving them a very nice and proper lesson on the male organ. This is all very natural."

Richard liked that image, but it was hard - and almost unnecessary - for him to fantasize about anything else when he had Carrie's very real and very gorgeous thighs staring him right in the face.

"How you feeling, Dick?" Carrie asked him gently, always wanting to - in a figurative sense - hold his hand every step of the way.

Richard nodded, as if to say he was good, and never broke stride with his persistent strokes.

Carrie looked at her daughter, and began a two-way conversation about Richard, with him right in the room.

"I want him to be more open with us," she told her daughter. "He's doing well with his regiment, but...I want him to open up more."

"He's doing better," Janet said, rubbing her sexy black hair away from her eyes. "He was really having a good time at the pool yesterday."

"Yes, I know, but throughout this whole process it's necessary - almost paramount - that he shares with us how he's feeling," Carrie went on. "We need to make sure he's coming along mentally, emotionally...spiritually. I want him to be fully embracing his training because when that class rolls around and it's the big day..."

Janet could only giggle, thinking of how nervous Richard would be on that special morning.

"How many girls are in the class now?" Janet asked.

Carrie looked over at Richard to make sure he wasn't listening intently on their conversation, then whispered the answer to her daughter.

"Forty two," the mom said.

"Holy shit," Janet answered.

"But don't tell, Dick," Carrie lightly whispered. "He'd be overwhelmed. We'll have to build him up to it."

Carrie and Janet's voices got more and more faint as Richard's strokes became more persistent, and more powerful. He was now manhandling his rod with a purpose, and the women, sensing his impending orgasm, offered verbal support.

"Come on, Dick, beat that massive meat," Janet said crudely. "Beat it like it stole something."

Carrie burst out laughing.

"Beat it like stole something?" she repeated with a giggle, then she felt inclined to try to top it. "Stroke that schlong, Richard. Come on, pound that prick."

Janet fell back into the couch, laughing so hard she nearly kicked the coffee table up.

"Watch," Carrie said, resetting the magazines and other items in their place.

Richard now groaned, his need for release now something completely epic.

"I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come," he said excitedly, aiming his monstrous penis up towards the ceiling.

"Okay, sweetie, here," Carrie urged him. "That's it. Just aim yourself right into the cup."

The cup seemed to tiny, and almost jokingly too small a tool to measure the kind of load Richard had built up.

As the first blast of semen rushed up through his lengthy prick, he felt a huge relief when it shot forth from the head and completely coated the inside of Carrie's measuring cup, the impact so great that it splashed up, some tiny droplets sprinkling out onto Carrie's shorts.

"Oh boy," the mom had to laugh. "I think we made him angry."

"Him," of course, was Richard's penis, which shot load after load after load of creamy milk into the bronze-colored - and ill-equipped - containers.

"Fucking ropes," Janet marveled, looking down at Richard's copious come blast.

Carrie, meanwhile, had little time to react.

"Get ready, Janet," the mom warned, shaking her head in both amusement and awe. "He just about filled this one up already."

Richard continued to groan like some over-aroused beast, his cock relinquishing an almost unbroken stream of frothy semen.

"It's like somebody turned on the fire hose," Janet said, as she and Carrie nimbly and carefully exchanged places, replacing the full cup underneath Richard's prodigious pole with an empty one.

"God, look at him go," Janet squealed, looking down and watching intently as Richard's huge hard-on erupted into the bronze container.

Carrie, very slowly, eased the first cup down onto the coffee table, giggling as she could see it filled to the brim with Richard's substantial deposit. She was careful to not let it spill.

"I think it was you making him nay like a horse," Carrie laughed, looking up at her daughter. "I don't think he ever recovered from that."

"He is a frickin' horse," Janet argued with her mom. "Look at this!"

The two beautiful women beheld the spectacle before them, as Richard's dick continued to fire away one long rope of semen after another. So astounded by the show, Janet lost focus, and failed to hold the cup in place. As a result, she was treated to a massive come shot that coated her sexy belly.

"Oh, Jesus," she had to laugh.

"There's a misfire," Carrie chuckled. "Here, Janet, hand me that one and put this one under him. I think that's about full."

It was amazing but true.

"How much fucking come do you have, Dickie boy?" Janet belted out in both amazement and apprehension.

"Well, we're gonna find out," Carrie quipped.

As a third, and slightly larger measuring cup was placed before Richard, Carrie and Janet began to embrace that what they were watching was truly something special, and worthy of every bit of their attention.

Not even the State Fair in Dallas had as big and as captivating an attraction as this one.

"I can't believe this," Janet said as she watched her stepbrother erupt.

"I kind of knew this was coming, no pun intended," Carrie laughed. "By the time we allowed him release, his balls were the size of...two doorknobs for crying out loud."

Janet laughed her head off but this time maintained her composure enough to catch Richard's milky deposit.

"Jesus fucking Christ, this one's about full," Janet told her mother.

For once, Carrie was unprepared.

"I'm out. That's the last one," she said, holding up her hands.

"Well get something, I don't want his dick shooting all over my thighs again," Janet replied in a frenzied tone.

"Okay, okay, hold your horses," Carrie said calmly.

She then realized the humor in what she said.

"No pun intended," she added with a giggle.

"Your full of puns today," Richard said, his massive orgasm relenting just enough that he was finally able to speak.

"And you're full of come!" Janet fired back with glee.

"Alright (laugh), settle down you two," Carrie announced, always the voice of reason. "I guess, the only thing I could use..."

She ran briskly into the kitchen, her boobs bouncing with every step.

She returned in a hurry, and held up a large glass pourer from an old blender she didn't use anymore.

"Oh, Jesus, if that doesn't do the trick..." Janet laughed.

"Then we're all in trouble," Carrie chuckled, finished her daughter's though.

Carrie took the third measuring cup from her daughter, this time spilling it a bit because of the intensity of the situation, and placed the glass underneath Richard's long wang.

"At least with this you can get him right in there," Carrie said as she held the glass in place, allowing Richard to stick his prick right inside.

The two women now breathed with a sense of relief.

"That was a close one," Janet said. "And look at that, he's still fucking going."

Richard did continue to squeeze out a few more bursts of semen, as Carrie rolled the glass around, making the milky contents splash up against the sides to illustrate the substantial volume of his orgasm. When Richard was done, she held the large glass container up in the air, displaying it like a trophy.

"You are quite a showman, Dick," she told her stepson, as Janet began to calculate the astounding amount of come Richard had shot forth from his mighty pole. "The girls in that class are definitely gonna get a kick out of you. You're definitely on your way, kiddo."

Richard, feeling relieved and also exhausted, just nodded, a sign of his obedience to his step mother. Carrie urged him to go get cleaned up, and he could join the two for a swim now that the rain had gone.

"Look at this, now I gotta change shirts," Janet said, drawing attention to her sexy tummy, and the arm's-length string of come that Richard had hit her with by mistake.

"We're gonna have to get you a holster for that thing, young man," Carrie teased the boy. "But you're doing well, Richard. You are coming along just fine."

********************

It was to be a nice, relaxing swim for Richard and the girls, as all three of them needed to come down to Earth a bit after the amazing display Richard had put on.

The girls went upstairs to get changed into their bathing suits, and Richard was overwhelmed to see they both had gorgeous new outfits.

"We went shopping last weekend," Janet clarified with a laugh.

Janet's one-piece suit was all white, with a blue Cowboys star wrapping around the right side. Richard had to admit he was impressed with the design.

And Carrie's meanwhile, was also a one-piece, and bright purple, which the kids would tease her about. 

"Those are Vikings colors," Richard objected.

"Oh, you don't like it?" Carrie asked disappointedly.

"No, no, it's cool," the stepson quickly replied, adding that she looked tremendous in the suit.

Richard loved gazing at his step mom's figure - he almost drooled when he saw her big, beautiful thighs, so nice and tan and soon to be wet and glistening in the summer sun.

"Can you tell I've been exercising? Janet, feel these," Carrie told her daughter.

"I am not feeling your thighs," Janet laughed.

"Oh, you. Just feel the outside of my leg," the mom persisted. "Dick, here, you feel them. Tell me you can feel any fat."

Richard was stunned - he was going to get to feel his step mom's beautiful legs. She offered to let him do so not in a sexual way, but just as a means of testing her fitness.

"Wow," Richard said as he felt around her outer thigh. "They're really supple."

"Exactly," Carrie replied calmly. "Janet, I got these from years of swimming. My legs are perfectly fit, and so are yours. Don't be ashamed of being well-developed."

As Carrie continued to give her daughter a lecture on being proud of her body, Richard's attention drifted to both of the women's large bosoms. Janet's filled out her white suit quite nicely, and Carrie's suit, much to the amusement of young Richard, looked like it almost burst open as it struggled to conceal her huge breasts.

Richard would entertain himself by imagining Carrie's suit suddenly ripping open, allowing her massive tits to flop right out.

He further indulged himself by imagining what Carrie would say, and do.

'Oh, my goodness, my boobs are showing, aren't they?' she would remark in her trademark subtlety. 'Richard, can you believe the size of these things?'

Carrie would just stand there, Richard imagined, letting him gaze upon her breathtaking rack. She would swivel back and forth a bit, making her huge, hanging tits sway from side to side, tantalizing him.

'God, mom, your tits are even bigger than mine for crying out loud,' Janet would remark, immediately pulling her suit over her arms to show off two equally luscious breasts.

'Dick, who do you think has the better set?' Janet would then ask, and Richard was left to judge and rate each amazing pair.

The fantasy was so outrageous but yet so fulfilling, as it allowed Richard to maintain balance in a highly unbalanced situation. He was always naked, and the two women were always clothed. But heck, he could at least imagine seeing them nude, couldn't he?

Ah yes, it was a truly wonderful daydream, but as is the fate of every daydream, they always end at some point, and Carrie snapped Richard out of his soon enough.

"Dick, are you with us?" asked Carrie, whose enormous breasts - unlike in the fantasy - were still covered by her bathing suit.

"Uh, yeah," he stammered, trying to pull himself together.

"She asked you if you ever got to see Alien yet," Janet laughed, finding it funny how Richard had temporarily drifted into space.

"He's got a lot on his mind," Carrie sympathized with a warm smile, then went about changing the conversation before Richard could answer.

The two women went on and on comparing bathing suits, asking the other how each fit.

The questions went on and on.

"Does this look good here?"

"How does this look?"

"This isn't too tight here, is it?"

"Does this look nice this way?"

So many questions, all drawing attention to the fact that the women had bathing suits on and Richard was completely naked. But he took it in stride.

"How does my bathing suit look?" he asked jokingly with a smile.

The two women chuckled, and were glad to see his willingness to join the conversation.

"I think it looks wonderful," Carrie replied with a huge grin, eyeing Richard's naked body from head to toe.

"Yes, indeed," Janet added. "It hangs really well on you."

Carrie giggled at her daughter's remark, which was no doubt a reference to Richard's enormous penis.

Now with their focus once again on his lengthy organ, it seemingly obliged them by returning to its impressive, fully-erect state.

"Uh-oh, somebody's up again," Carrie giggled sweetly as she gazed upon Richard's mighty stalk.

Janet walked in closer to gain better access to Richard's massive prick, which now teetered up and down before him as he shifted his weight from one leg to the other.

"I guess 'Flopper' likes our bathing suits," Janet said teasingly as she gently slapped Richard's huge dong.

"That would be my guess," Carrie chuckled. "Is that your way of giving us two thumbs up, Richard?"

The boy could hardly speak, as the effect of seeing the two gals in their sexy suits once again pushed him to the limit. As he nodded, giving acknowledgement to Carrie's question, Richard could not control his arousal.

His prick was so sensitive at this point, and so engorged to the max, that the slightest movement made it jerk on its own. As he nodded his head up and down to answer Carrie, Richard's cock also bounced north and south.

"Oh my goodness," Carrie laughed openly. "Are you answering us with your dork, young man?"

As much as he tried to calm down, his prick kept throbbing and pulsing right before everyone's eyes, and Richard realized that this was not one of those times where he was going to be able to control himself.

Richard kept his hands away from his cock, thinking that without the stimulation they provided, he would not orgasm. But his remarkable penis was apparently intent on showing what it could do with no assistance at all.

Much to Richard's surprise, and even more to the surprise of the two lovely young women, Richard's dick began to spasm once again, and released a huge rope of semen that caught Carrie totally by surprise, and splashed against her outer right thigh.

"Dick?!" she could barely get out, caught completely off guard by the copious amount of sperm that now drenched her upper leg.

Richard was too overcome with arousal to move, and his dick shot forth yet another rope of jizz, this one again hitting Carrie's right thigh, and it was only fitting since her lovely limbs are what got Richard so worked up in the first place.

"He's fucking shooting off again!" Janet hollered as she watched the spectacle unfold before her, and this time, she was out of the line of fire.

Carrie, however, was too stunned to move, and her legs were getting soaked.

Richard's penis didn't have anybody's hands stroking it - not Carrie's not Janet's and not even Richard's. Yet it continued to erupt just the same. Each time Richard ejaculated, his dick jerked backwards, almost like a cannon would as it released a mighty blast.

The sight of Richard's convulsing schlong made Carrie and Janet chuckle to no end.

Another rope of ejaculate hit Carrie, then another, then another. It felt so warm and wet on her soft skin.

The contrast of the white sperm on her tan thighs was so sharp, it appeared like lines of icing on a caramel glaze. There was so much of it, it now ran down her legs, all the way to her knees.

The mother's initial surprise had now turned to both amusement and admiration, as Carrie could not believe how much semen her stepson had stored up in those beautiful big balls of his.

"Please, Richard, I'm soaked," Carrie laughed as she now finally did get out of Richard's way.

His prick, however, continued to shoot, firing several bursts of come onto the sliding glass door. Richard finally grabbed his dick to somewhat stymie his orgasm, and a few droplets of his substantial seed fell to the carpet below.

Richard was somewhat embarrassed by his unexpected "show of emotion," but although it was something the two women would look to control and channel more properly in the days ahead, they had to appreciate the show they just witnessed.

"Look at my legs!" Carrie said excitedly to her daughter, in such a way that it displayed the provocative brunette was somewhat proud of what she had coaxed out of Richard.

"You are fucking drenched," Janet laughed. "God, look at your legs, look at the glass door...look at the carpet!"

Janet was so overcome with joy she had to detail every spot of the room Richard had coated with his multiple come shots. He knew it was fun now, but soon he would be told to clean up the mess he created.

"We're gonna have to send your dick to obedient school," Janet said with a snicker.

Richard had to laugh at himself.

"Now, now," Carrie smiled as she gently cleaned her legs with a towel. "We will teach Richard how to control himself, and his dick. Won't we, Richard?"

"Yes, mam," he answered her obediently.

A funny thought then came to Carrie, revealed by the silly and cute grin that came across her face.

"Afterall, horses do need to be broken," she said, winking at her daughter.

********************

The Temple Mall was a great place to spend an afternoon.

As beautiful as it was useful, it allowed its visitors to shop for a variety of items, and for the Parkers, it was just a few miles away from home.

Carrie, Janet and Richard always loved to walk the mall from one end to the other, stopping in a wide range of shops and then relaxing for a while in the food court. On this day, burgers seemed to be a good choice, and the three dug into some Grade-A Texas quarter-pounders as they checked out all the people passing by. It was a nice moment for a daydream.

The three all kind of drifted into their own thoughts, until Carrie broke the silence.

"God, whoever came up with the concept of mini malls must really be cleaning up," she said as she eyed the ceiling above.

"You seem to be talking about money a lot lately. Is everything okay?" Richard asked, a bit concerned.

"Oh no, sweetie...it's just...," Carrie began. "I miss your father. If we had a little more money he wouldn't be away on business so much. And it would be easier to send Janet to school and we could really fix up the house...thank God you got a scholarship."

Janet seemed more than happy to help out.

"I can always get a part-time job, Mom, to help out buying books and stuff," the young one said, as she ate her burger very delicately, trying not to get any grease on her light green tank top and the cute white shorts she picked out to wear on this sunny day.

"Oh, no, we'll be fine," Carrie confided in the kids. "I just wish things were a bit more, you know, relaxed. I think that's why I took up teaching again - it kind of gets my mind off the daily grind."

Richard felt a nervous feeling in his stomach when he thought of that particular class Carrie would be teaching, the one that involved him as a very vital part.

"I love teaching," Carrie said with enthusiasm as she savored the juicy burger, a bit of ketchup dripping down into the basket of fries that came along with it.

"Would you do it full time if a position opened up?" Janet asked.

"Oh absolutely - without a doubt," Carrie said without hesitation. "I mean I love nursing, but the hours are so haphazard. Teaching's a lot more reliable. And I just love the idea of impacting a young person's life in a positive way."

Richard right then felt the urge to tell Carrie how much she had impacted him in a positive way, but his natural boyish tendencies to conceal his inner feelings prevented him from telling her at this time.

"I'm just glad I'm on vacation for a couple weeks," Carrie said, finishing her savory burger. "It gives me time to get stuff done around the house."

Richard then finished his burger, and fries, and was still hungry enough that he tried to sneak a few off Janet's plate.

"Hey, jerk," she said teasingly. "Those are my fries."

"Dick, if you're still hungry, sweetie, I can give money for some more," Carrie said as she began to dig into her purse.

Richard wasn't going to argue with that, and he waited patiently in line at the burger stand for a second helping. As he waited, he made conversation with a kid in front of him that had a Drew Pearson jersey, as Richard thought about getting a jersey just like it. On this afternoon, the young Parker boy had chosen to wear a pair of denim shorts, and a t-shirt with Randy White's number on it, a gift that was given to him by his dad.

Richard thought about his dad often. He missed him. But he knew his father was doing the right thing for his family, providing for them. And his father in turn trusted Richard to make things easy for Carrie and Janet, and to provide them some comfort while he was away.

Richard looked all around him, as he was a curious young man, and he noticed a man in a suit that looked vaguely familiar. As Richard made his way back to the table, he realized who the man was.

"Oh man, that's funny," Richard said.

"What's that, hon?" Carrie asked as she took a sip of her root beer.

"I just saw a guy that works with Craig's dad," Richard explained. "He was over their house one night for a barbecue. I would have said 'hi' but I couldn't think who he was at first. That's funny I would see him here."

Carrie smiled. Richard knew what was coming.

"Texas is a big place," Carrie began...

"But it's a small world isn't it," the kids said in unison, as they now had memorized one of Carrie's favorite sayings.

"You guys know me too well," she laughed.

As Richard munched away on his second helping from "The Alamo Burger," Janet and Carrie began to giggle about something, and the fact that they weren't letting him in on the joke only suggested it was something they discussed about Richard while he was getting food.

"What is so funny?" he asked.

"It's nothing, sweetie," Carrie said.

More giggling followed. And even more resistance to reveal the reason for it.

"What is soooooo funny?" Richard persisted.

"Sweetie, it's nothing," Carrie repeated. "Janet and I were just talking about...it's nothing, really."

The good sport that Richard was, he let Carrie and Janet enjoy their little inside joke. After all, they did include him in a lot of other fun activities.

As the three enjoyed the relaxing afternoon, it did eventually dawn on them they had come to the mall for a reason, and that was to buy cleaning supplies and some other odds and ends for the house.

"Why are we cleaning anyway?" Richard asked.

"Because we are having company tomorrow," Carrie said sternly, as if she had reminded Richard of this several times before.

Richard didn't pay it much mind since he usually just greeted the guests very briefly then hung out in his room the rest of the day.

"Deborah - you remember, Ms. Krendall, who taught you in the third grade? Well, you remember her as Mrs. Walsh but she's gone back to Ms. Krendall since the divorce," Carrie began.

"Yes, mam," Richard answered politely.

"Well she and her daughter, Maddy, are coming over and are gonna stay at the house a couple days," Carrie explained. "I haven't had them over in a long, long time. Ever since they moved to Houston it's been hard to get together with them."

Richard was happy for Carrie that she was going to get to see her friend, but it wasn't something that he felt he needed to be a part of.

"So basically I'll be hanging out at Barney's for the week?" Richard asked with a grin.

Carrie smirked, but she could understand that Richard, a typical 18-year-old boy, didn't want to be spending valuable summer hours with a group of women.

"Well just make sure you help us clean the house beforehand and than you are free to do whatever," Carrie instructed. "This is going to be a group effort getting that house in order."

The three went about shopping for some supplies, and as expected, Carrie bought more than was necessary. But alas, it would wind up being a very special occasion.

********************

It was one of those days where it just seemed to get hotter, and just the walk from the car to the house made you long for the air conditioning.

Carrie and the two kids went inside and immediately fixed themselves a glass of iced tea. Carrie rubbed hers along her forehead for extra comfort.

The family room seemed a good place to relax, and all three were too exhausted to even turn on the television. They had to get their energy back.

Carrie, looking so nice in her khaki shorts and white-and-green striped top, let out a satisfied sigh, as she was awfully tired, but got everything done that she had to.

Richard then remembered an entertaining story that he thought would crack the two women up.

"Oh my God, I forgot to tell you - Barney is entering a pig contest," Richard began as he sat in the chair opposite Janet and Carrie.

Carrie simply nodded, but was reluctant to give the story her full attention until Richard did something first.

"Sweetie, why don't you get settled in and then you can tell us," Carrie said with somewhat of an authoritative tone.

It only took Richard a few seconds to realize what his step mother meant. He was to strip completely nude, as after all, it would not make any sense to break from his training - not even for a temporary lapse.

"I'm sorry, Carrie," he apologized.

"It's okay, hon, I know it's easy to forget sometimes," she sympathized. "But I think consistency is a key word here. For us to get you prep-, properly prop..."

"Jeez, that's a tongue twister, huh?" Carrie laughed, poking fun at herself. "For us to get you PROPERLY PREPPED - there I said it! (Laugh) We shouldn't waist a single minute."

"Yes, mam," Richard replied obediently.

He was about to run upstairs to get undressed, but Carrie suggested he do it right there in the family room since she could see some grass stains on both his shirt and his jean shorts - evidence of the roughhousing Richard did with Craig and Barney a few days earlier. And this way she could drop the clothes right in the wash.

Carrie and Janet began to have a casual conversation as Richard undressed, but as more and more items were taken off and tossed aside, less and less words were spoken, and more and more attention was focused on Richard's naked body.

Janet loved the appearance of his strong upper body and tanned muscles, and Carrie enjoyed the sight of Richard's muscular thighs. But when his underwear was pulled down and his dangly penis was revealed, that is when the women were almost forced to voice their appreciation.

"I love seeing him come down in the morning, like, already naked, but it's so cool seeing him strip," Janet said with a big smile. "One piece of clothing at a time, until there's nothing left. Only underwear....And then he peels those off..."

She was getting so excited she had to stop and take a deep breath.

"And his big schlong just flops right on out," the girl described with a big grin.

"It's always lovely to see it re-enter the fray, isn't it," Carrie added with a lovely laugh.

As Richard stood there completely nude, his clothes in a pile at his feet, he very excitedly awaited the afternoon's next activity.

"Sweetie, why don't you go put your clothes by the washer - I'll get to them in a little bit," Carrie told her stepson.

Richard went about carrying out his task and also helped the two women unpack all the items they had purchased at the mall. The mom and daughter discussed a lot of things: clothes, the new boy Janet was dating, new movies that were coming out, but Richard was sort of quiet as he helped unpack. It was his way of reflecting privately on everything he was experiencing.

But his reflections were about to become much less private.

********************

Richard Parker will always remember the date - July 20, 1979. It was the day he was first exposed.

And when we're talking about his exposure, we are not talking about his full-frontal nudity in front of his step mom and stepsis - that is something he had already grown accustomed to. 

We are talking about the first time his passion for CFNM was exposed to a woman, or in this case, women. And it was Janet and Carrie who would make the discovery.

CFNM, or Clothed-Female-Nude-Male scenarios, was something Richard always fantasized about, to a great degree. Long before he actually got to live out some of his fantasies with Carrie and Janet.

Carrie always had an inkling that Richard shared many of the same exhibitionist desires that raged within his father, as well as many Parker men before him. She just didn't know that those desires were so developed, so intense. She, and her daughter, would learn this on the aforementioned date, a date that still lives in Richard's mind to this day.

This was the same day that began so innocently with Carrie and the two kids visiting the Temple Mall. It then developed into an afternoon of cleaning and organizing, and that is where our story picks up.

Carrie had summoned Richard to tidy up the kitchen - finishing the dishes, washing off the table, cleaning the counters - anything it entailed. The mom and daughter had gone upstairs to clean up the bedrooms.

Richard paid it no mind since anything he had in his room that was private was hidden away - well, sort of hidden, he pondered nervously as he washed the counters.

Richard then thought of all his nudie magazines - piles and piles of them he had stored away in his closet. They were hidden underneath Sports Illustrateds and such, but if Carrie or Janet were to go digging through things...

He then remembered he had even more adult materials right by his bed - again they were seemingly out of sight, underneath other more innocent reading materials, but again, if the pile were to be moved or rearranged somehow...

Richard then stopped his wiping and stood there with butterflies in his stomach. He looked down at his massive schlong and simply muttered 'see what you get me into?'

It wasn't that Richard was nervous about Carrie and Janet discovering his Playboys or Penthouses or Hustlers - he knew the mom and daughter must know he would have some of those lying around.

It was some of the other material that he kept on hand that he was a little embarrassed about. And as he hurriedly finished up cleaning the kitchen, he walked briskly up the steps, hoping to settle his fears.

He was hoping that Carrie and Janet were already done with his room, or even if they weren't, maybe they would be busy in one of the other rooms and Richard could sneak into his and hide his private things more efficiently.

But much to his dismay, as he approached his room, he could hear Carrie and Janet carrying on and having a good old time. He opened the door tentatively, and saw the two just sitting on the floor of his room, having a conversation.

Carrie was holding a towel and a squirt bottle of cleanser, and Janet had a trash bag in her hand. Both women were resting for a moment.

"Dick, we could have made a whole day of cleaning just your room alone!" Carrie laughed, her eyes widening with enthusiasm. "This place was filthy! We've been at it for over an hour so we had to take a break. How do you - "

"I found a Big Mac carton from like a month ago," Janet said, as she continued to pick up discarded trash and other clutter.

"All geniuses are messy," Richard remarked as he sat on his bed, realizing he might as well get comfortable until the women left.

Carrie let out a groan, and gave Richard a polite lecture about being more neat. And taking pride in his room. He confided in her that he would be more organized.

Richard then nervously looked throughout his room, hoping to see that his magazines were not touched. Oh, poor Richard - the fear that shot through him when he saw that the pile of magazines normally kept by his bed was completely gone. Carrie and Janet must have moved them, and he frantically looked around to see where they were, scanning every inch of the bright-red shag carpet.

As he peered around the room, it felt like everything was spinning. He looked in the closet, and saw too that those magazines were gone. Oh crap.

Did he move them himself and forget? Did he lend them to Barney? Oh please God, let Barney have stolen them out of my room - anything but this.

But to no avail. Just as Richard looked over at Carrie and realized that the piles of magazines was hidden right behind her, temporarily out of his sight, his worst fears were realized.

"We uh, discovered your reading materials, kiddo," Carrie said with a warm smile.

"Yeah, that's quite a library you have there, Dick," Janet added with a big grin.

Richard had a horrible feeling in his stomach. He was so embarrassed. He tried to play it off.

"Oh, you mean the Sports Illustrateds?" Richard asked innocently.

The mom and daughter looked at each other with smirks.

"Um, no, sweetie," Carrie said.

Janet ran over to the pile of mags and dug one out that amused her.

"Juggz!" she cried triumphantly, holding the magazine up high in the air.

Richard could only shake his head as he felt his face turn a bright red. He tried to calm himself down by looking over at a mockingbird that was perched on a branch just outside his window. Its beautiful song temporarily put his mind at ease.

Janet even went flipping through the magazine, holding it up for everyone to see anytime she came across one of the featured big-breasted women. Some of the women had nice, full, voluptuous breasts, and others were so outlandishly huge, even Janet found it funny.

"Now I thought you were a leg man, Dick," Carrie teased her stepson, who could hardly produce words at this moment.

Carrie sensed Richard's anxiety, and tried to explain.

"Sweetie, we weren't looking to go through any of your private things," she sympathized with him. "We had to vacuum the entire floor - even inside your closet, so when we went to pick up everything, we kind of came across some of your, well, like I said, reading materials."

"I don't think he does much reading with them," Janet remarked.

Carrie smiled.

"Well what he does with them is his business. Isn't it, Dick?" Carrie asked.

"Yes, mam," he finally said, breaking his silence.

Janet found it humorous to bring the other magazines to light, ones that specifically featured women with big, round asses, or substantial bush, or even ones where just the women's feet were highlighted. Janet and Carrie didn't bother opening the magazines. They just chuckled as they read the risqué titles on each glossy cover.

"None of this surprises me, Dick," Carrie said soothingly as Janet had a field day holding up just about every magazine in the bunch. "Young men like you have urges, and need to satisfy those urges. I think it's perfectly healthy that you have amassed such a gallery (laugh) of inspiration for your private time...The thing that DID surprise me though was..."

Oh no, this was it. Richard's heart began to race.

"Janet, what surprised us the most about Richard's collection?" Carrie asked her daughter with a big smile.

Janet took her cue, and looked right at Richard, who was still sitting there naked on the bed.

"Dude, we found like seven or eight Playgirls," she said with a big laugh.

Richard stood there motionless, with a sick feeling in his stomach. He was embarrassed to no end that the two women had found issues of that particular racy periodical in his room. While Richard searched for words to say, Janet went digging through the piles of magazines again, and happily pulled out one of the aforementioned Playgirls.

She went thumbing through the issue, and stopped at a centerfold of a particularly well-endowed black gentleman. She held the magazine up in the air for all to see.

"Hello there!" Janet belted out with enthusiasm.

"Oh my word," Carrie laughed, eyeing the photograph of this black muscleman, who was ripped from head to toe and sported a schlong nearly the size of Richard's. "I guess he must have eaten his vegetables (laugh)."

Richard covered his face, shaking his head. He wanted to explain, but could not get a word in.

The women were so excited with their discovery they celebrated as if it were gold, for not only did the risqué material reveal a lot about young Dick and his interests, but there were very few magazines that offered such blatant male nudity, and Carrie and Janet enjoyed the show.

Carrie had only seen a few Playgirls since its inception in 1976, and Janet only snuck a peak at one that her friend's older sister pulled out at a sleepover a couple years back. This was something new, and inviting. For a change, it was naked MEN that were the focus of these glossy magazine pages, not naked women.

The men's bodies were breathtaking, some rubbed in oil to further emphasize their glistening muscles, and some were doing sexy, suggestive poses that allowed the mind to race in a frenzied, wonderful fashion. Janet noted one recurring theme.

"Almost every one of these guys has a really big penis," she laughed as she had absolutely no problem thumbing through each splendid issue, stopping at each candid photo.

"They're not small, that's for sure," Carrie added with a chuckle, peering over her daughter's shoulder to get a glimpse herself.

Even the few that were small, the women found adorable, and pretty to look at. By gloating over the pictures of these naked hunks, the women were not only indulging their own sexual urges but also playfully teasing Richard about keeping such material around.

Finally, the young man sensed he should try to explain, but Carrie already had formed her own explanation of Richard's interest in the magazine.

"Doing a little comparing and contrasting, kiddo?" she asked her stepson.

"Well..." Richard answered, looking down at his hefty penis.

"It's completely natural," Carrie confided in him.

Richard's fascination with Playgirl went way beyond just satisfying his curiosity of how other guys were built down there. And leave it to Carrie to sense this.

"Or is there more to it than that, Dick?" she asked nicely, looking him right in the eye.

Richard sat down on the bed, with Janet and Carrie sitting on the floor right below him. Carrie put aside all the magazines featuring female nudity, and in affect allowed her daughter to spread out all the magazines featuring the unexpected male nudity. Richard felt he should open up with his step mom and stepsis.

"I uh," he stammered.

"Yes? You what?" Janet giggled, now giving Richard her full attention.

If in fact Richard harbored any homosexual desires, and if that was the reason for his curiosity in the male form, Carrie and Janet would be completely open to that. After all, one of Carrie's close friends for years was a gay male, and Janet was pretty close with a gay male cheerleader over at Temple College.

But because the mom and daughter knew that Richard was not gay, they knew there must be a very interesting story behind why he had such a fascination with this magazine, and they eagerly anticipated his explanation.

Richard took a deep breath, and began to speak.

"Go ahead, sweetie, we're all ears," Carrie said, as she was seated very comfortably at his feet.

"I um, I think I like looking at pictures of naked men hanging out with clothed women," he sort of blurted out, seemingly in a hurry just to get it out in the open.

Carrie had a look of surprise on her face, her eyes opening wide, and then that look of surprise sort of turned into a satisfied grin.

"You like looking at photos in which the women are completely clothed, and the men are completely naked, is that what you're saying?" Carrie asked, basically repeating what Richard had said, only emphasizing it much more clearly.

"Yes, mam," he answered.

Carrie gave him a warm smile, and nodded understandingly. She made Richard feel completely comfortable about his admission. She even went out of her way to get up from the floor and sit down next to him on the bed, never breaking eye contact with the young boy.

"Now tell me what you enjoy about those types of pictures," Carrie said calmly as she crossed her amazing legs, only adding to Richard's feeling of arousal.

"Um...," he began hesitantly.

"Mom, look," Janet said excitedly, interrupting her mother and step brother. "Look at this one!"

The girl held up a picture of another well-endowed male, his large penis right in the center of the photo. Carrie was growing a little impatient with her daughter's tendency to talk over her and Richard, but she politely gave the picture her attention.

"The good Lord has certainly blessed him," the mom laughed as she eyed the glossy pic of the enormous prick.

"It like, curves," Janet noted, studying the picture carefully. "God look at how far it hangs, and then it like cuts out over his thigh."

Carrie nodded nicely, as if to say 'that's great, sweetie, but I'm trying to speak to Richard.' It was a sensitive time in his development, and Carrie knew it. She wanted to give him plenty of attention and deal with this matter in the most nurturing way possible.

"Go ahead, Dick, I'm listening," she told him, rubbing his knee affectionately.

"Well," he began, then grabbed for one of the magazines. "It's like this photo spread here. It's obvious that both the men and the women are naked, but see how the pictures are taken in a way that you don't see the women's breasts or anything else of theirs? But the men..."

The splendid photo of this naked get-together featured three women and three men playing around on a deserted beach, and just like Richard mentioned, it was the male nudity that was the focus.

"I see what you're saying, sweetie," Carrie noted, as she studied the photo spread with great interest. "The camera seems to have an eye for just the naked male form. And of course it being a tabloid geared towards females, I would expect it to be as such."

Janet now plopped herself down on the bed, and of course asked what the two were just chatting about.

"Dick pointed out that in this spread," Carrie said, allowing Janet to look, "the women's bodies - their breasts and other private areas - are skillfully covered up in the photos..."

She ran her fingers sexily up and down the page, enticing Richard, and in affect also pointing out to her daughter what Richard had been referring to.

"And see the men?" Carrie continued, glancing at Janet. "The men, especially their penises, are pretty much the focus."

"As well they should be," Janet quipped.

Her mother smiled, as Janet's enthusiasm reminded her of the interest she had in the male anatomy at her age. And a passion that only deepened with time.

"And then there's ones where they don't even try to dance around the issue - the women simply have all their clothes on, and the men are stark naked," Richard went on, seeking another issue from the substantial pile.

"See?" he asked, showing Carrie and Janet a photo spread of two naked male waiters serving tea to a group of finely-dressed females.

Carrie and Janet were both delighted and greatly aroused by the theme of this particular spread, as it implied that the men displayed not only their muscular bodies and gorgeous pricks, but they also displayed a tremendous sense of servitude towards the women.

"What excites you about this, Richard?" Carrie asked inquisitively.

"The unfairness, the dominance the women have over the men," Richard said without hesitation, even surprising himself a bit by his openness. "Not only are the men completely naked, but they're serving the women, bringing them tea, kissing their feet, even stroking their own cocks for the women's enjoyment."

"Would you like some cream in your tea, mam?" Janet said, making up a caption for one of the photos.

Carrie had to giggle at her daughter's observation.

"They do look ready to burst, don't they?" Carrie said as she eyed the men's massive erections.

A few moments of silence followed, partly because each member of this Parker trio wanted to glance at the photos and come up with his or her own interpretation, and partly because no one really knew what to say next. But true to form, Carrie kept the conversation moving in a productive fashion.

"Dick, look at me," Carrie said sweetly and softly. "Have you ever put yourself in one of these photo spreads? Like a fantasy? Imagined it was you serving the women?"

Richard did indeed do that. In fact, all the time. But he hesitated to share those fantasies with Carrie right away, at least until she skillfully, and lovingly, coaxed them out of him.

"Come on, Dick, be honest with me," Carrie told him with a smile. "Obviously these pictures have had quite an affect on you. And they have helped fuel what must be some very intense desires burning inside that 18-year-old body of yours."

She was so warm, so nurturing. Richard couldn't help but let down his guard.

"I love being naked in front of you guys," he said, relieved to tell the women that fact.

They giggled, and showed their affection for the young man. Janet ran her hands through Richard's hair, feeling a few beads of sweat on his forehead, obviously from the tension that had been building up. Carrie gave her stepson a nice little pat on the shoulder, as if to encourage him to reveal more.

"Now how about the photos?" Carrie persisted. "Do you imagine being one of these lucky men? Obviously these men enjoy sharing the splendid gifts God has bestowed upon them. They're able to make these women smile, bring them joy, make their day a little bit brighter, a little bit more lovely..."

Richard loved how happy the women looked in the pictures, as they gazed upon the naked male hunks before them. And it wasn't just about the women ogling the nude men - the ladies took great delight in being served, coddled, as it made them feel that much more special.

"I mean, don't get me wrong," Carrie went on, "I'm sure it's perfectly fine to just look at these photos and enjoy their beauty. But God, you know, that must...that must feel like...like watching things from the bench? You know? Never getting to go into the game. You're just always watching from the sideline. And that is not the Dick Parker I know."

Richard looked away for a second, and coincidentally his eyes fell upon all the soccer and baseball trophies he had won growing up. Indeed he wasn't a bench warmer - he liked to get out and live life. And it was this quality that Carrie was harnessing in him.

"I'd love to be one of those men," Richard said with passion. "I fantasize all the time that I'm...serving beautiful women. I'm there for their enjoyment, ya' know? Like in the fantasy, I do whatever they request - I bring them tea, I bring them drinks, I entertain them. They love my company. They love looking at me. They love touching me. They feel my muscles, they feel my arms. They rub my thighs. Some of the women even reach out and grab my dick..."

The women giggled. Janet used the word "dick" all the time, but coming out of Richard's mouth, it sounded so cute because of how shy and adorable he was.

"So I take it (laugh), in these fantasies, you're completely naked?" Carrie asked with a chuckle.

"Yes, mam," he said respectfully. "Just like the men in the magazine. I often imagine, like a backyard setting, a big patio with white tables and really nice furniture, and the women are in dresses and having conversations, and I go up to each and every one of them. I work really hard for them, ya' know?"

The women playfully nodded.

"And then...it....you know, my cock...gets really hard," Richard went on, hesitantly but affectively.

"Oh I imagine it would," Carrie laughed approvingly.

"The women want to feel it, feel my cock," Richard continued, the mother and daughter encouraging him to do so. "They all take turns stroking it, fighting over it, almost like a tug of war (laugh). But they get me so worked up and so excited, I start coming, and they all rush over and watch me gush. It just keeps spilling out, some of it hitting their shoes and some of it...going elsewhere. But I'm real careful not to get it all over their dresses."

"How gentlemanly of you," Janet said, cracking up.

Richard took a deep breath, a great feeling of satisfaction coming over him. As life-changing as it was the first time he got naked in front of Carrie and Janet, he felt that in the last 20 minutes or so, he had revealed much more about himself.

"Richard, look at me," his step mother told him. "I'm a gardener. I cultivate. These very vivid fantasies that you have had are nothing short of extraordinary, and very special. And it is up to me to nurture these fantasies, allow them to grow into something beautiful, something breathtaking, like a garden."

"Yes, mam," he said once again.

The atmosphere now warm and inviting, Janet felt she could go sifting through some other areas of Richard's room that were previously off limits. She was pleased to find even more material right along the lines of what the women had spread out all over the floor and bed.

Richard Parker simply had a wonderful bounty of what is known as CFNM-related erotica - CFNM of course standing for Clothed Female Nude Male. Prior to the last few days, CFNM was only a fantasy of his. Now, he was living it.

Carrie and Janet were overwhelmed with their findings.

"There is so much here, Dick," Carrie exclaimed. "How on Earth did you acquire all of this?"

"What can I say? It's a lifelong passion," he said, making them both chuckle.

Carrie took special delight in the photo spreads that featured naked men in everyday situations: a woman and a man at a private picnic, with the male lying there fully nude; a couple walking on the beach, with - you guessed it - the man not bothering to wear any clothes. Some were more contrived, but nevertheless entertaining. For instance, one particular picture depicted a group of beautiful female ballerinas, all dressed in lily white leotards, dancing around a fully nude male ballerina, one that was sporting a rather ample package.

"I'd love to see that version of the NUT cracker," Janet joked.

Once they had sampled a little bit of everything Richard had to offer in this CFNM buffet, Carrie and Janet went about stacking the magazines and pictorials into neatly assembled piles, and sharpened their focus with Richard.

"I think we should have Dick serve us tea, like the men in the photos," Janet suggested, her boobs bouncing in her shirt as her movements got a bit more frenzied.

"Yeah, that would be nice," Carrie answered, her tone suggesting she had something bigger in mind for Richard. "But now is hardly a time for tea. We have company coming."

As things settled down and Richard was now more calm, his natural urges kicked in, and all of this talk of CFNM and the sight of Janet and Carrie dressed so sexily in their summer outfits began to take affect. His mighty prick, previously lying in its flaccid state along his thigh, now grew to its fully-erect, monstrous form, bobbing up and down between his legs like an invisible hand was bouncing it about.

"It's like he's stabbing the air with his mighty sword," Janet laughed.

Although Carrie and Janet had grown quite accustomed to the sight of Richard's 11-and-a-half-inch penis, he felt it necessary to apologize for its unruly behavior.

"Sorry, I just got so excited with you guys tapping into my private world," he said, speaking of his passion for CFNM.

"Oh we tapped into something alright, and we struck oil," Carrie exclaimed happily.

"Texas tea," Janet added with gusto.

As he rose to his feet to break the tension, Richard's massive boner bounced lewdly about, a sight that the mother and daughter could not help but chuckle about.

"You don't think it's weird, do you, that I fantasize about all that stuff?" Richard asked, referring to his previously secret passion.

"Weird?! I think it's wonderful," Carrie answered him discreetly, using another "w" word to describe his interest in CFNM. "The world needs more men like you, sweetie. The world needs more Parkers (laugh). This desire you have, to serve women, to let them SEE you, to let them indulge their own visual desires, letting them feel you and touch you, and in turn allowing them to bring you pleasure...All of these traits, you share with your father, sweetie. And his father before him, and I'm sure his father before him..."

"Oh Gawd, tell him about Ulysses," Janet belted out with great excitement.

It took just a few seconds for that to register with Carrie, but when it did, it struck a nerve.

"Oh dear Lord what made you think of him?" Carrie asked with a laugh, speaking of Richard's great-great-great grandfather.

"How could I not think of him when we're talking about all this?" Janet quipped.

Carrie nodded with a mischievous grin, as if to say 'yeah, you do have a point there.'

This was the second time Ulysses' name was mentioned in recent days, the previous time by good ole' Barney Bussett. And Richard had yet to find out what the reference was.

"What about Ulysses?" Richard belted out, basically pleading with Carrie to let him in on this inside joke.

"Oh jeez, we'll save that for another day," Carrie told him with a sweet smile. "You have enough on your plate right now."

Richard heeded his step mother's advice, and temporarily suppressed his interest in Ulysses. The young man instead just sat quietly on the bed, staring down at - and even marveling - his own massive erection. It sprung up from between his legs, throbbing and flexing at a 45-degree angle to the comfy mattress beneath him. As Richard adjusted himself and pulled some sheets out from underneath him, his enormous dick lightly smacked against his stomach.

The expression on his face was so priceless, and revealed such a look of amazement in eyeing his own splendid anatomy, the women had to ask him to elaborate.

"Whatcha' thinking' about Dick?" Carrie asked inquisitively.

Before Richard could answer, Janet offered her own suggestion about what Richard must be pondering at that very moment.

"God, I have a big dork," Janet playfully said, mimicking her stepbrother and over exaggerating Richard's deep voice, with humorous results. "I wonder who has a bigger dork, me, or that black and white spotted Clydesdale I saw at Old Man Custer's the other afternoon. His was awfully huge, but I sure do have a lot swingin' between my legs..."

So amused by herself, Janet fell over in the bed, laughing at her own imitation of her stepbrother. Carrie glanced over at Richard and shook her head, as if to say 'she really gets a kick out of herself, huh?'

"Not bad," Richard told Janet, as he played it cool and was able to poke fun at himself. "In general, it sounded like me. Although my voice isn't that deep - I'm not frickin' Darth Vader ya' know."

That only made Janet crack up even more, and she was so proud of herself for her little bit of improv. Richard's erection however, which was the source of the joke in the first place, would not relent.

"Janet, darling, make yourself useful," Carrie teased her daughter, "take all this trash down to the kitchen. We have to get on the ball here."

Janet groaned, but listed to her mom and picked up the two trash bags - filled with Richard's clutter - and headed downstairs. As she exited, she made sure to take one last look at Richard's fully erect cock, and it made her smile.

The two of them now alone, Carrie looked over at Richard and gave him a delighted grin.

"You are just full of surprises, aren't ya,' Dick?" she teased him, referring to his secret passion for CFNM.

"I'm sorry, Carrie," he replied, not wanting to keep anything from his lovely step mother. "I wanted to tell you, it's just..."

She laughed, and crossed her amazing legs.

"It's okay, sweetie. These things have a way of coming out into the open eventually," she said, offering a cute smile as she glanced down at his ample organ.

She then reached out and tapped him lightly on the nose.

"You," she said cutely as she poked him, "have very strong exhibitionist desires, young man. And it is up to me to channel them properly."

"Yes, mam," he answered her.

"You fantasize about these things a lot?" she asked, crossing her gorgeous legs and treating Richard to a sight of her big, tan thighs.

"Oh God, Carrie, all the time," he poured out. "It seems as soon as I get a free moment, I'm running into my room and taking out all my...materials."

"Your Playgirls?" she smiled.

"Yes, mam," he answered. "And I spread them all out, and I kind of slip into my own little world, ya' know? I imagine I'm the guy in each and every photo spread, surrounded by all these beautiful women."

"I bet you do," she said with gusto.

The stunning brunette, in an effort to satisfy her own visual desires as well as gain a better understanding of Richard's, reached out and once again opened one of the magazines featuring the gratuitous male nudity.

"The traveling alone to all those exotic places would be something in itself," she said at first. "Did you see all the gorgeous backdrops they do their shoots at?"

"Yeah, it's pretty crazy," Richard answered her, loving how his step mom could talk about such a racy topic, and yet make it such a lovely, stimulating conversation.

She smiled at him, and gently ran her fingers along his shoulder, in a soothing fashion.

"But I know the landscapes in the pictures aren't what you're interested in, Dick. I know what gets your motor running," she told him with exuberance.

"Yeah, it's...not the landscapes," he admitted, playfully understating it.

"It's the women having fun with a big penis," she said right back to him, displaying that she was not afraid to address such topics with her 18-year-old stepson.

Carrie and Richard had built up such a rapport that not only could they talk about topics such as this and it not be awkward, but the conversation flowed with great momentum.

"I was always wondering why you spent so much time in your room," Carrie teased him. "And I know you weren't just building models all day."

With that in mind, Carrie glanced over at those very models, several of them having to do with Star Wars.

"Although I must say, that's quite a fleet you've assembled over there," she laughed with admiration. "You could take on the whole universe with those."

"Yeah," he admitted. "I'm pretty proud of my collection."

There was a slight pause, but then Carrie pressed on.

"Now which collection would that be? Your models, or your...," she teased him, glancing down at the plethora of CFNM material.

"Um, well both," he answered her.

She thought he was so cute. And she took it upon herself to guide him.

Carrie was overjoyed that Richard took such an interest in a "CFNM lifestyle," but she also considered herself an authority on the matter, and Richard the novice. And although she sometimes spoke with an heir of superiority over him, it was nonetheless vital that he follow her lead, and heed her commands. That was the only way he would grow.

"Listen, Dick. Look at me," she said to him nicely. "Magazines are great. When you're first exploring your desires, they're wonderful. They're just the bees' knees, lemme tell ya.' But they hardly do the trick once you get to a certain stage in your growth. You need to spread your wings. Especially with something like what you have."

He made the mistake of glancing down at his huge erection.

"I'm not talking about your dick, goofball," she corrected him with an amused grin. "I mean what's in here (holding her heart). Your passion. Your kindness. Your love and appreciation of women."

"Yes, mam," he answered.

Carrie's sweet smile suggested she was more than pleased with how Richard was coming along in his training. She rubbed his head, as if to say "you're doing fine buddy, boy."

"So when are Ms. Krendall and Madison coming?" Richard asked, as his penis now settled down its flaccid state, as it lay along his thigh nice and relaxed.

"Well, they're going to meet me for lunch tomorrow at the Temple Roadside Diner - just something quick," Carrie explained, "and then they're gonna come back and stay for a couple days. I know Madison wants to talk to me about a few things with her major, and I know it's been a tough time for 'Krendy' - she's been going through a lot."

'Krendy,' as Carrie sometimes called her friend when they were kids, was handling herself pretty well since divorcing her husband, but Carrie knew it would be good for her dear friend to come to Temple. It was a chance for the two pals to catch up.

"Okay," Richard simply said, watching his beautiful step mother run her hands sexily through her soft brown hair. Her perfume filled the air, and it made Richard feel so good inside.

"Are they driving here?" Richard asked curiously.

"All the way from Houston," Carrie smiled. "I mean, it's not that far - like two hours I guess, but that's kind of a long trip to make in that car."

"Oh God, she still drives that Plymouth Valiant?" Richard asked.

Carrie slowly nodded with an amused grin.

"Jesus, I remember Barney egging that thing in the parking lot when we had her for a teacher," Richard reminisced. "She gave him an 'F' or something, which I'm sure he deserved, and he tried to get his revenge. But of course he got caught. Ended up cleaning all the classrooms after school for a month. Poor guy."

"Do NOT bring that up when she gets here," Carrie pleaded. "I'm sure it's not a pleasant memory for her when her car was so violated."

"I won't, I won't," Richard replied. "I'm not gonna be here anyway."

Carrie rolled her eyes, kind of sadly, wishing Richard would be available for the festivities, but she could understand if he had prior plans with his friends.

"You know you're gonna miss out on some great arguments, hon. Ms. Krendall and her daughter..." Carrie paused for effect. "BIG Oiler fans."

That was all that was needed to set Richard off.

"Oh God," he groaned, as if he might puke.

His distaste for the team made Carrie crack up.

"Love ya' Blue," Carrie further teased him, referring to the Oilers' slogan.

"Oh, please," Richard scoffed. "They make a couple AFC Title Games and all of a sudden their fans won't shut up. Win a Super Bowl first, why dontcha.'"

Carrie giggled.

"Now, Dick, not everybody is as lucky as we are," the step mom stated, speaking on behalf of all Cowboy fans. "We're spoiled to have what we have."

"America's Team," Richard said, sticking out his chest proudly.

"That's right," Carrie replied, as she got up and walked slowly around the room, looking at all Richard's posters that decorated the wall.

"You know what would be cool, though, sweetie," she began, "is if one of these years, the Cowboys and Oilers, you know, both had really good seasons..."

"Yeah?" Richard asked, urging her to continue.

"And they met in the Super Bowl! Wouldn't that be amazing?" she asked with enthusiasm. "An all-Texas Super Bowl! Woo-hoo!"

Richard seemed much less interested in Houston's success.

"Eh, whatever," he said. "I just care about Dallas."

Carrie smiled, and now was checking out Richard's models more closely. She seemed very interested in getting to know Richard as a whole, learning about his hobbies and his interests. It was helping her to shape him into a well-rounded young gentleman.

"How long did it take you to build these?" she asked curiously, looking at a whole row of Star Wars models, these ones in particular known as 'Tie fighters.'

"Some just a day, others a couple weeks," he told her.

"Yes, I remember this one," she said, pointing out the huge model of the 'Millennium Falcon.' "God, we didn't see you come out of your room for a week when you were working on this monster."

"Yeah, I think I had to take it all apart at one point because I messed up a step," Richard remembered with a smile.

"Holy cow," she replied. "A hobby that requires both passion and persistence."

He laughed, and was flattered that Carrie took such an interest in his work.

"I'm passionate...about a lot of things, Carrie," Richard told the woman he adored so much.

"Yes, sweetie, I know," she answered, sort of referring to his love for CFNM. "You are a very passionate young man."

Something else that stirred Richard's passions was Carrie herself. She was simply a force of nature.

When she was around Richard, she oozed sexuality. He loved her beautiful, ample behind bouncing gently in her shorts as she walked about his room. The outline of each one of her big, luscious cheeks was clearly visible through her shorts.

Yet Carrie always maintained her nurturing demeanor when it came to Richard, and he was grateful for her guidance.

"Well I thank you for taking me through a typical day in your life," she smiled, referring to how she got to know Richard much, much closer in the past few hours.

As Janet finally returned to the room, Carrie began walking towards the door, as if she was going to leave the rest of the cleaning to the young ones. Carrie also knew Richard would soon need release, and - as if she was training her daughter as well as her stepson - she felt it was time for Janet to handle Richard by herself.

Bringing Richard to climax was a perfect way for Janet to continue her growth. The fact that Janet was not even naked and could bring Richard to such a thunderous climax was evidence of how sharp her skills were becoming - she was learning to use just her voice, her words, her eyes, her glances, her body language, and of course, her hands, to stimulate a penis to an amazing degree.

Carrie had already spoken to her daughter about how this was going to be her first time alone with Dick, and that she trusted her daughter to properly provide him release.

It was a nervous time for all three, but to lighten the tension, Carrie made small talk while exiting.

"You know, Dick, I thought I saw Barney wearing an Oilers tee shirt the other day," Carrie remarked.

"Because he's an idiot," Richard belted out.

Carrie burst out laughing, and it was a nice high note for her to go out on.

"You two finish cleaning in here," she said as she exited.

Janet and Richard both looked at each other, sort of nervous grins on each young, beautiful face.

"You don't have to help me - it's my mess to clean up anyways," Richard told her politely.

"Well, well, Ritchie boy, how gracious of you," Janet answered him.

Freed of her cleaning duties, she nevertheless took a seat down on Richard's bed, and invited her stepbrother to do the same.

Janet tugged on her shirt, seemingly trying to show off her big tits to Richard. She was delighted that his mammoth prick immediately began to rise.

"You know you should have told me," she said softly, speaking of his previously secret passion for CFNM. "I would have at least given you credit for being so...enlightened."

Richard laughed lightly.

"You know someday all men are gonna be required to go nude," Janet said, waving her hand as if she firmly believed in what she was saying.

Richard's eyes widened, as if the idea sort of excited him. Janet was amused.

"Well, at least that's my fantasy anyways," she added with an adorable grin.

"It's good to have fantasies," Richard told her with gusto.

"Yeah I guess so - you sure have plenty of 'em, huh?" she teased him.

Richard, in his cute way, sort of ducked his head as if he was still a little bashful about being so exposed, his inner thoughts and feelings revealed in full to the women. But they embraced him, and his desires.

"Here, I'll put ya' out of your misery," Janet whispered to her stepbrother very kindly.

Janet reached over between her stepbrother's legs and took hold of his massive stalk. The first touch of her delicate fingers on his cock made Richard groan in extreme pleasure. Janet giggled. 

"Mom says we do have to make sure you are getting proper release," Janet confided in him. "Otherwise you're liable to go bonkers."

Richard laughed, but then went right back to enjoying the feel of Janet's soft, tiny hands on his engorged shaft.

"My mom says we have to bring you along, nice and steady," Janet said, as she in turn applied nice and steady strokes to his cock, "get you used to being nude in front of us. She wants you to feel like it is the norm, the establishment if you will."

The thought of such a way of life existing aroused Richard to no end.

"I guess that'll really prep me for the class, huh," Richard muttered, as he closed his eyes and leaned backwards a bit in sensual bliss, Janet's hands feeling so good on his cock.

"Well, yeah," Janet answered him, "but I think my mom is thinking beyond the class, Dick. She wants to raise you into a wonderful, young man. And she is striking at the heart of the matter. She knows that you are special, that you know that women should be put up on a pedestal. God, your deepest fantasies are where you are completely subservient to women. That is priceless. Bringing women joy is the only thing that brings you joy. It's about time women are treasured, instead of being trampled on."

Janet very delicately stopped stroking Richard's cock for just a few moments, and he raised his eyes to meet hers.

"She wants a wonderful life for you," she continued. "And she wants you to reach your fullest potential. She wants you to one day be a great husband, a great lover, a provider..."

Richard began to understand the whole scope of Carrie's training for him, how these were just the first few steps into a bigger, and brighter world.

"You're learning to look up to women, not look down at them," Janet persisted. "She's trying to change society one person at a time...And I say God bless her."

"So do I," Richard agreed wholeheartedly.

"Now," Janet added, slapping her thigh, a reflex she must have gotten from her mother. "that is kind of looking at things in a very harsh, black and white, sort of educational way. But there is so much more of a fun aspect to it."

Richard loved how her voice picked up, with great enthusiasm.

"Obviously, my mother and I love to look at naked men," Janet said, her face turning a little red as she spoke with great excitement. "You're a young, fun, muscular guy...with a great ass. And you love showing it off."

Richard chuckled, and was proud to be so adored.

"You also have the biggest schlong either of us has ever seen, so you might as well let it dangle before our eyes," Janet said with passion.

They both shared a laugh, and Richard's 11-inch shaft throbbed openly in the cool air.

"Sounds like you and your mom have had lots of talks about this kind of stuff," Richard told his stepsister.

"Oh," she said, waving her hand. "I'm probably not doing a great job of translating everything she's tried to instill in me. That's just a broad look at the whole thing. God, now that she knows what your passions are, that you so fully embrace your training, she's probably gonna lecture you, and lecture you, and lecture you..."

Richard smiled, looking forward to his step mom's loving advice.

"And I'm sure you'll soak it all up like a sponge," Janet finished. "Frickin' brainiac."

Richard playfully shoved his stepsister.

"Hey you could have gone to Baylor if you applied yourself a little bit more," Richard told her as they jostled back and forth.

"Oh God you sound just like Carrie," Janet answered him, as she would jokingly refer to her mom by her first name every now and then. "I love Temple College. I think I'm gonna be happy there."

As the two reached for something else to say, Janet eventually reached for Richard's prick again, breaking the tension in the room by lovingly applying sensual strokes to his cock.

"Your schlong is soooooo long," she laughed as her tiny right arm went up and down repeatedly but not without fatigue. "I swear to God it's like a workout stroking this thing."

The more she stroked it, the more Richard moaned and groaned with great pleasure, as he was balancing both feelings of arousal and also a need to release a huge dose of semen that had been building and building for hours and hours, under the playful torment of the two fully-clothed women.

It was Janet who was to finish him off, and she found infinite glee - and laughed even hysterically at one point - at the fact that her cute, little fingers had such a profound affect on Richard's massive tool.

"God, listen to you," she observed, as her strokes became more and more persistent. "You sound like a wearwolf again. You really need to come, huh?"

"More than you know," he answered, only making her more excited and amused.

As Richard began to position his hips as to launch his mighty seed, Janet knew that special moment was approaching, and went about trying to prepare for another massive milking.

"Where should I...aim your dick - there's magazines all over the floor," she laughed. "I don't want you ruining all of your Playgirls."

Richard reluctantly looked down at the floor, and realized he was done in by his own lovely obsession. All of his CFNM-related erotica was scattered all over the carpet beneath, and since his new dresser was at his left and Janet was at his right, it left only one option for Richard's come shot to go.

"Oh my God, let me shoot you in the face again," Janet squealed.

Since his need to come far outweighed anything else, Richard could put very little energy into arguing with his stepsister.

"No, come on, aim it somewhere else," he said.

"I don't want you to ruin your magazines," she protested with a laugh.

The time had come, and as Janet arched Richard's huge dick straight towards his handsome face, the first copious amount of Richard's seed traveled up his long shaft, and burst from his huge dickhead with an amazing amount of force.

It splattered against Richard's forehead to a degree that even caught him off guard, and as he jumped back a bit, it only made Janet stroke his cock even more furiously, dousing Richard's face with his own thick, frothy semen.

"Oh my God, this is amazing," she shouted loudly, laughing all the while as a thick rope of come hit Richard's right cheek, then another hit his left one.

Richard, feeling so relieved to finally experience release, nevertheless tried to dodge the blasts of his own mighty cock, but it only made it for fun for young Janet.

"Gonna get ya,'" she laughed, as she coaxed one load after another from Richard's huge dork. "Look at it go, oh my God, look at that, your face is (laugh) - oh my God you are getting soaked."

Richard could only close his eyes and hope for the best. It kind of aroused him even more that Janet was having such a splendid time dousing him with his own seed. The amount of come on his face had become so substantial, it now ran down his cheeks, some dripping off, and some running down along his neck.

Now not even bothering to move his head, Richard was a sitting duck, and Janet watched with unbridled glee as another rope of come hit Richard square in the nose, then another hit his forehead, and another wizzed through his hair.

"You just can't get out of the way of your own dick," she laughed, as her amusement - and Richard's slippery pole - caused her to lose grasp of his cock, finally bringing an end to another amazing ejaculatory display.

Richard could only sit there, half laughing at himself, his eyes closed, his face drenched with his own warm semen.

"Look at that - not a drop on me," Janet bragged, hugging her knees up to her waist and showing off her beautifully bronzed thighs. "For once, I'm the dry one. You, on the other hand..."

Richard could only open his left eye just a bit, as come ran down his brow. He could make out Janet's wonderful figure, and gloating grin.

"Please get me a towel," he whined.

"No, problem, Dick," she laughed, retreating from the room.

When she returned, Janet teasingly threw the towel at Dick, hitting him in the chest.

"When you're done cleaning yourself up, clean this room up," she told him. "Carrie will have a fit if this place isn't spotless."

"Yes, mam," Richard answered obediently.

It was another wonderful day.

********************

It didn't often rain in Temple in the middle of July, but Mother Nature was to play a big part on this fateful afternoon.

Richard awoke around noon, to the sound of booming thunder and hard rain blasting against the windows. It must have been a carryover from yesterday's storm, he figured, but hoped it would clear up in time for his fishing trip with Barney.

He rubbed his eyes a bit, and looked around his room, which was the cleanest it had ever been. It furthered the sensation of how different things were nowadays. And how much better they were.

Carrie and Janet knew him on a much deeper level now, and he, in turn, appreciated them even more.

Richard jumped from his bed, completely nude, and proceeded to trot down the steps. He saw Janet at the bottom of the stairwell, organizing two baskets of laundry.

She was dressed in a tight purple leotard, and wore a baggy white tee shirt over top of it. He could feel his heart start to beat faster when he saw her bent over, that old purple leotard hugging her nice, cute bubble butt so tightly. Her big thighs also looked simply amazing, and seemingly shown off just for Richard's delight.

As Janet heard Richard coming down the steps, she looked up to greet him, and she was amazed, and happy, to see his naked, bouncing member.

As Richard got closer, she teasingly bounced her head up and down, as if her eyes followed every movement of his huge, frolicking penis.

"'Flopper's' here!" she laughed.

Richard now stood over her, his enormous, flaccid penis dangling right at her eye level. Janet's last statement caused Richard to ponder something.

"Is 'Flopper' supposed to be a nickname for me...or just my penis?" he asked amused.

She made this cute face as if she gave the question much thought.

"I think it IS just your dick," she laughed, bending over a bit because of her chuckling.

He rolled his hips from side to side, making his penis swing from side to side, which he knew she loved.

"Besides, that thing needs a name," she continued. "Your dick needs a name, Dick."

He laughed along with her, and who could blame him. Richard didn't mind at all when the women poked a little fun at him, and he had actually grown to enjoy it a great deal.

"Oh, Barney called," Janet announced abruptly. "Sorry, buddy, he said he called off the fishing trip for this afternoon. 'Cause of the rain and everything."

"Oh shit," Richard said in a dejected tone. "Man, that sucks. I was looking forward to that all week - we were supposed to be going to Belton Lake for the whole frickin' day..."

"Sorry, buddy," Janet answered, at least trying to show some compassion but not understanding what the big deal was about a fishing trip.

"Man...striped bass, catfish...largemouth bass," Richard pondered aloud. "Was gonna be catching all kinds of stuff..."

"Don't pout," Janet told him, as she picked up a few candy wrappers off the dining room table. "God, you'll survive."

He had been looking forward to the trip for some time, and yeah, they could just postpone it, but in a young male's life, patience is not often a virtue that runs in abundance.

Richard sat down next to the laundry baskets and begrudgingly gave thought to what he could do this afternoon.

"Sorry but when Barney called, my mom was sort of standing right there, so I kind of let it slip that your trip is cancelled," Janet said apologetically, as she ceased folding socks for a bit. "She kind of expects you to be here for company now."

That was the double death - no fishing, and now a boring afternoon with Carrie's friend and daughter.

"Dynamite," Richard said sarcastically. "I guess I better go get dressed then."

Janet shrugged.

"You have time. Mom went to go meet them - they're not gonna be back for a few hours," the girl told him. "You can 'let it swing' for a little while longer."

He had to laugh a bit - it cracked him up how Janet was so open and sometimes clever about his nudity.

"You like that one, huh," she laughed with a sexy grin.

He nodded playfully, in affect encouraging her to say more.

"No one ever has to ask you 'how's it hangin?' The answer is right there out in the open," she laughed, gesturing to his dangling organ.

He made it bounce some more for her entertainment, but now it was her appearance that stole the attention.

"What's with the leotard?" he asked.

"Oh," she answered, "I basically had to wash all my new stuff, but while the wash was going, I figured I could get a workout in. This old thing is all I could find."

Janet's sexy leotard, which displayed the "Heart of Texas Gymnastics" insignia, was a throwback to her days as a gymnast, which she greatly enjoyed until an injury forced her out of the sport. Still, she treasured all the memories she had from those years, and along with the sheer fun of it, Janet gained a certain unwavering confidence in herself from all those moments where she performed in front of a big - and sometimes highly critical - audience.

Right now, her audience was only one person - Richard, but nonetheless he was captivated by the young woman.

As he watched her, Janet turned around again to get something, and as she bent over, her huge, round ass was practically right in Richard's face. Each big cheek was so well defined in the tight, purple spandex.

"You look really nice," he said politely.

"Well thank you," she answered.

She could see his eyes following her every move, his stares lingering on her lower half as her thighs and butt filled out the leotard to a tantalizing degree. She enjoyed the attention, as Richard did not at all make her feel uncomfortable but rather just showed his appreciation of her fit, young body.

"If you got up earlier, you could have watched me work out," she said, now taking a long drink of iced tea she had prepared just before Richard came downstairs.

"Dammit. You gonna work out again tomorrow?" he asked nicely with a smile.

She grinned and went to pick up the laundry.

"Mmm, probably, I'll have to decide if you're allowed to watch or not," she said teasingly.

As Janet strode upstairs and out of sight, Richard gave thought of what to do. He didn't really want to be around when company came, and of course didn't want to be sitting in the living room naked watching T.V. when Carrie and her friends arrived.

So he figured since he would have to put clothes on eventually anyhow, he retreated to his room. There was a new model he bought that needed to be built, and that would surely make the hours go by on a rainy day like this one.

He went to the kitchen and grabbed some snacks and a drink.

"Damn, all out of Pepsi," he mumbled to himself, having to grab a few cans of Tab instead. He stretched his arms out over a big bag of popcorn, a bag of pretzels, and clutched two cans of soda and was off.

Dick Parker was all set for a day of solitude in his room, so he thought.

********************

Deborah Krendall was a woman in transition.

Recently coming off a divorce, she was in need of a good time. This trip with her daughter, Madison, was the first little bit of fun the two would get to have in quite a while. The divorce had drained them both - Deb kept herself busy the first few weeks by submerging herself with her work, and Madison was pretty much the same, only with school and softball.

Deb's husband, Derek, was a wealthy businessman, but had spent very long hours building his little empire. He and Deb, high school sweethearts a long time ago, had grown apart, and when it turned out that Derek had been having a little fling with his ample-bosomed secretary, that was pretty much the last straw.

Still wanting her daughter to have a healthy relationship with her father, Deb maintained a friendship with Derek, but wanted to move on. She had gone out on a few dates, but nothing worthwhile.

She felt she needed an excursion, a detour from the norm. And that's not referring to the fact she and her daughter were having a tough time getting into Temple on this stormy afternoon. Construction - along with flooding from the storm - had caused some of the main roads to be off limits, thus forcing less convenient - and more time-consuming - alternate routes.

It didn't bother Deb since it gave her more time to think about things, and daydream a bit.

Deborah Krendall was a very well-liked woman. Her personality reflected the sophistication fitting of the Ivy League education she earned at Dartmouth College, yet could quickly crack a joke with amazing wit and savvy.

Her friends adored her. When news of the divorce spread, everyone was so quick to want to do something to cheer her up. Taking her to lunch, buying her cute gifts, little day trips - these all had a positive affect on Deb, but her best friend wanted to do something extra special.

Sally, her longtime bud, decided to hire a stripper for Deb's 40th birthday. For years, Sally kicked around the idea with Deb about having a birthday stripper, but Deborah was always against it, her natural shyness causing her to blush with the very concept of a fully-naked male dancing around her and waving his man parts right in her pretty face.

Although Deb always got her way and Sally never did hire a stripper for any of her past birthday bashes, this past one was different. With the encouragement of her friends, Sally went ahead and hired an exotic male dancer, who would show up at the Krendall residence in the middle of Deb's 40th birthday party on that wonderful Friday evening in suburban Houston.

Since Deb was recently rewarded the house in the divorce settlement, what better way to christen it. A big ole' party with all of her friends, and a special guest.

Since all of her buddies knew how shy and reserved Deborah was, they decided to get a stripper that was extra special. Known as "Coffee Cake," this young, black gentleman was blessed with a beautiful face, rippling muscles, and an extremely large...talent.

Weeks later, Deb would still smile just thinking back to how special this young man was.

When "Coffee Cake" danced his way into the party that night, his arrival was at first met with apprehension from precious Deborah. But as her friends urged her to just kick back and enjoy the show, her natural inhibitions gave way to her sexual desires.

As he stripped away one article of clothing after another, displaying huge, muscular arms, enormous pecs, and a stomach as flat and taut as could be, the women cried and cheered as if they were in the front row at a rock concert.

It was when "Coffee Cake" removed his pants and was down to just a skimpy black thong, however, that the women almost lost it. The bulge in the front of his underwear was so huge it was simply outrageous. The women wanted to reach out and grab what was inside, feel it, caress it, stroke it, maybe even suck it.

Deb was a bit naïve and thought that the stripper would not remove any more clothes, that he would dance around in his thong for the rest of the evening. But heeding the screaming requests from the small but raucous female audience, and as the plan for the evening followed, Coffee Cake yanked down his thong, tossed it aside, and spent the rest of the evening without a single stitch of clothing on his body.

His penis was enormous. It not only was in perfect proportion to every other huge muscle on his body, but it rocked and swayed with a life all its own as he danced from one excited woman to the next. 

Even Sally, who had hired Coffee Cake based on the fact he was known for having a big schlong, was both shocked and delighted when she saw just how big he was. The look on Deb's face made this all worthwhile, as it relayed both surprise and wonder.

When Sally first went about getting a stripper, she knew of Deb's quiet demeanor, so Sally figured - just to make it even funnier - let's get a guy with a huge, huge penis. This was more than she bargained for.

"Holy Moses (laugh). Would you look at the size of that dong," one of Sally's close friends whispered into her ear, as Coffee Cake's huge, dangling appendage was now being stroked by Betty Connors, the lawyer from College Station.

Deb looked up at Sally and broke a naughty smile, as if to say "I told you not to do this."

"Have a good time, Deb," Sally encouraged her friend with a loving tap on the shoulder.

As each member of the party sampled the touch of Coffee Cake's longish, thick organ, the leviathan between his legs had began to grow to its fullest potential, jutting out before him like a fifth limb. The weight of it was way too substantial to stick straight up like a normal, erect penis would, so his dick sort of bounced up and down like a teeter totter as he tried to give every woman a few strokes of his mighty rod.

Sally urged him over so that the birthday girl could have a feel. Deb sat on the sofa nervously. She still found it hard to believe what she saw. The lumbering, black penis bounced and swung as Coffee Cake walked towards her.

As much as she tried not to, Deb simply stared wide-eyed at his dick as Coffee Cake towered over her.

It cracked up her friends as Deb tried to make idle conversation with the muscle man.

"So I heard you used to play for the Oilers," she said as she quickly glanced up at him to make eye contact, but then went right back to glancing at his schlong.

"Yeah, just one year, knee injury ruined it for me," he mumbled, not really wanting to talk but rather entertain Deb as much as he could.

He now began to dance for her, and swing his penis around just inches from her beautiful face.

"Wo, you can really move that thing, huh," she had to say, now smiling and feeling a little more loose.

Coffee Cake very gently took hold of her soft, delicate hand and put it on his penis, and she didn't object.

Deb's friends had to laugh as she began to carefully caress the stripper's prick as if she was petting a wild animal. It was as if she was scared to simply grab it.

"Stroke it, darling," he urged her.

Deborah began to apply gentle but persistent strokes to his enormous cock, watching with outright amazement as it grew into something as thick and nearly as long as her forearm.

"Oh my goodness," she said with a cute laugh, as the feeling of his hardening rod in her hands made her start to tingle with excitement, her pussy beginning to moisten as she clutched his throbbing organ with her tiny but affective hands.

"You are so wonderful," she said as her friends cheered her on.

Deb was feeling so naughty, but so right. She felt like she was starting to live out some of her deepest erotic desires, like she had finally let go and gave into her fantasies.

But alas, something made her stop, something that to this day she couldn't quite figure out. Maybe it was her shyness, maybe a false sense of guilt about the divorce, or just that she felt weird trying something so new.

But Deb, at that moment, let go of the stripper, and instead faded into the background and let her friends have all the fun. It was something she regretted every night since.

She watched, and cheered on her pals, as they took turns administering one heck of a long and drawn-out hand job to Coffee Cake, each woman getting a chance to stroke his massive pole until it finally relinquished a long and unbroken stream of come that splashed down upon the glass coffee table.

Deb had never seen a man come like that. None of the women had. And they wanted more.

Each gal then took a turn sucking the stripper off, all combining their efforts to again make him shoot a tremendous load. It was the ultimate irony though, that Deb - whom the party was held for in the first place - was the only woman that DIDN'T get to suck some cock that evening. She just couldn't do it. She wanted to, but something kept her from indulging.

It was something she regretted ever since. She felt that if she was in that same situation again, she would not chicken out.

Little did she know she was soon getting her chance at redemption.

********************

There were so many hugs and smiles when Carrie pulled into the parking lot adjacent to the Temple Roadside Diner. It was to be a reunion of two friends that hadn't seen each other in far too long.

Carrie and Deborah were overjoyed to be reunited, and it brought back so many fond memories.

Madison looked all grown up. Carrie hadn't seen her since she was a tomboy playing games with the neighborhood boys here in Temple. Maddy had developed into a young, confident, beautiful woman, one who even paid for lunch as a way of honoring the two women that had helped shape her life.

"Thanks so much for all that nursing info you sent me Aunt Carrie," Madison said as they finished up their desserts.

Carrie was such a beloved figure in her young life, Madison bestowed the title of "aunt" upon her.

"It was my pleasure, sweetie," Carrie answered her. "Like I said, it's a good career to consider, it just takes dedication."

Madison thumbed through a few college brochures that she had brought along with her to show Carrie. Months ago, Madison was considering about 10 different schools. Now, her choice had narrowed to three. She wanted a university with a good nursing program, but also one that offered competitive field hockey. Carrie and her mom had helped her greatly with the decision process.

"Well if you do choose Baylor, sweetie, you and Dick can hang out a little," Carrie told her with a pleasant smile.

"Oh my God, I haven't seen little Ritchie in so long," Madison blurted out.

Any description of Richard that involved the word "little" made Carrie smirk. She couldn't help it. It was just too ironic.

"Little Ritchie?" Carrie asked curiously as she took the final sip of her chocolate shake.

"Yeah - whenever I used to come over, that's what the neighborhood kids called him," Madison explained. "Who was it, um, oh, some kid Barney and his friend Craig, I think. Yeah, they called him Little Ritchie. I guess he was short for his age or something."

Carrie laughed.

"But he's really grown, hasn't he?" Ms. Krendall asked, getting her purse and sunglasses as they prepared to leave.

"Oh he shot up several inches this past year," Carrie said, now biting her lip as she had to keep herself from laughing at the double meaning of that statement.

If Deb and her lovely daughter knew Richard's big secret, they would be laughing right along with her.

As the three headed to the parking lot, the conversation still had no break in it. Carrie had something very important to tell Deb and Madison, and had planned to talk about it over lunch, but never got a chance. They had so much catching up to do that it left no time for other topics.

But this was an important one. And it had to be addressed.

As the three of them got into Carrie's car and began the drive to the house, Carrie found it time to let Deb and Madison know about the big news, and request a favor.

"Guys, I really need your help with something," she told them with great sincerity.

"Sure, what is it Aunt Carrie?" Madison asked from the back seat.

"What's up?" Deb added.

Carrie laughed lightly, and took a deep breath.

"Well, let me start from the beginning..."

********************

Richard, hidden away in his room, was a couple hours into building the best model skyscraper he could when he heard the downstairs front door open and the sound of chatter and laughter carry throughout the entire house.

He realized Carrie had returned with Ms. Krendall and her daughter, and he could also make out the high-pitched shrieks as Janet and Madison were reunited for the first time in a couple years.

"Oh God," Richard mumbled to himself. "Glad I'm upstairs."

The Parker boy was completely content to stay in his room, listening to the women have their fun, laughing and chatting the day away. Although something sort of drew Richard to them, like he did in fact feel a little left out.

But he ignored this craving to step outside his room and instead continued to keep himself occupied with his work. He watched the clock nervously as the minutes went by very, very slowly. It was as if Richard could sense something was coming, something that would test him on many different levels.

Finally, with the noise level from the living room still at a fevered pitch, Carrie, the delicate yet persistent woman she was, tapped lightly on Richard's door.

"Dick? Dick - are you in there?" she called softly.

"Yeah - come on in," he told her.

Carrie slowly opened the door and gracefully walked into her stepson's room, closing the door behind her.

"Oh, what are we building today?" she asked curiously, taking a seat next to him on the bed.

"It's a, well, it's an 80-story office building," he told her, making eye contact with the most influential woman in his life. "It's pretty intricate - a lot of attention to detail."

"I see," she said, taking the time to eye the progress of his work. "It looks really quite amazing, sweetie. I'm sure you have quite a future in architecture, Dick."

He smiled, and loved the sensation of her soft, gentle hand caressing his shoulder, as she encouraged him with his work.

"But you know it's not always about work, right hon?" she told him. "Gotta get out and try new things, right?"

"Yes, mam," he told her. "I was supposed to go - "

"Go fishing, right," Carrie jumped in, finishing his sentence for him. "Sorry, I heard. Stupid rain. Believe me, as much of a bummer it is to stay inside all day, driving in it was even worse."

"Was it bad?" he asked her.

"Oh, it was awful. We had to take a detour, then got a little lost. Had to make a left-handed turn that took forever, ugh," she went on. "It was awful. But anyway, at least we're all here together now."

There was an uncomfortable silence, well, at least Richard was uncomfortable. Carrie, poised as ever, sat there on the bed, her amazing legs crossed, her bare right foot tapping up and down in the air.

She took a quick but noticeable peak underneath the table in front of Richard to confirm he was in fact still naked, as he was earlier in the day.

"I see you're complying with your training, which is delightful," she said with a cute smile.

"Yeah," he blurted out, glad she had broken the silence. "I was thinking of that earlier. It kind of reminded me of the old story about a tree falling in the woods - does it really make a sound if no one is around to hear it..."

Carrie nodded slightly as she tried to figure out where her stepson was going with this.

"I mean, with you and Janet not around this afternoon, was I really doing my training if no one was here to see me doing it?" he continued.

She smiled to give his little analogy some attention, but considered it just idle talk as she pushed the afternoon forward.

"Well, you're not gonna hide in here all day, are ya' Dick?" she asked as she arose from the bed, rubbing her butt just slightly to make sure her skirt was all the way down, but in affect showing off her big, beautiful ass to Richard.

"Why don't you come out and say hello?" she encouraged him. "There's some snacks, some cake, some other stuff..."

Richard slowly removed the table from before him and began to walk over to the dresser to get some clothes to throw on.

"Richard, what are you doing?" Carrie asked, sort of in an irritated tone.

"I'm...getting some clothes," he answered, wondering what he could have possibly done to upset her.

"Sweetie...," she began, then let out a big sigh as she sat back down on the bed.

Uh-oh. Something was up.

"Don't you think it would be foolish to all of a sudden break from your training?" she asked him.

Richard's mind began to race. She couldn't possibly mean he should walk out naked with company over, did she? No. She couldn't. Right?

"But...Ms. Krendall and Madison are here?" Richard questioned.

"I know, sweetie, I drove them here," Carrie said in a playful smart-alec tone, loosening up a bit now and giving her stepson a warm smile.

"Carrie...I...I can't," he said nervously, hoping she would relent, but instead she pressed forward.

"What on Earth do you mean, you can't?" she said, drawing her face closer to her stepson's. "Richard, look at me. Remember how nervous you were when I first spoke to you about the class? But you trusted me, you believed in yourself, and you bravely took that first step. Remember yesterday at the pool? My goodness I didn't know if I'd ever get you to join your friends, but again, you were brave, you were courageous (giggle). And you were so great. You shined, like a lone star."

"But Carrie, those were different situations," Richard fired back, as he now stared up at the ceiling, shuffling his feet.

"How were they different?" Carrie persisted, only looking away for a second when she heard the noise level picking up downstairs.

"I mean, when I started my training..."

"Yes?" Carrie asked nicely, urging him to go on.

"Well it was just with you and Janet around, and then at the pool, that was just with us and a couple of my buddies," he reasoned. "But I don't know if I can...do my training...with outsiders involved."

That last part touched a nerve in Carrie.

"Outsiders?" she exclaimed, then crossed her legs and rubbing her knee as she tried to talk sense into her young prodigy. "Dick, sweetie, Deb is one of my best friends, a wonderful woman, someone I can trust with my life. She has gone to bat for me several times when I needed her. She cares only for my well being, and of course now, your well being. And she wants nothing more than to see you excel. She already knew you to be a well-mannered, intelligent, charming, young man, but when I told her of your appreciation for what we're trying to provide for our young ladies at this seminar, that you are doing your part for advancing their sexual education and helping to expand their mind and their appreciation for the male form, my goodness, she couldn't have been any more forthright in telling me how much she wanted to be a part of it."

It was such an impassioned response from Carrie, Richard had to respect his step mother's thoughts on the matter. But his nervousness still lingered.

"And Madison, what about her?" he stammered.

"All the better!" Carrie belted out, again raising her voice for emphasis. "She is right around the age of the girls that will be at that seminar. And she's a doll baby, sweetie. A wonderful young girl that - well, you look at her you would think she's a cheerleader for the Longhorns, yet she's somewhat of a jock. One of the guys. She'll probably chat with you about football for crying out loud."

The thought of casual conversation with Madison didn't really make this idea easier to digest for Richard. He would still be naked in a room full of women, something he always fantasized about but now when it became a reality, he was nervous as heck about the whole concept.

"Richard I can totally sympathize with your anxieties," Carrie said soothingly as she took a Cowboy mascot stuffed animal off of Richard's dresser and looked it over.

As she sat next to her stepson on the bed, Carrie looked out across the room and tried to think of something to use as a source of inspiration for Richard.

"Senior year. State championships at The University of Texas," Carrie began, as Richard looked over at her. "I was the first girl from Dripping Springs High School ever to make states. Hundreds - no, thousands - of people watching. I was so nervous. My knees were almost trembling when I went out to the pool for warm-ups. Trembling, sweetie! (laugh) But I did it. I persevered, I swam the best freestyle I ever had, and I didn't get first place or anything like that, but I got a medal, and a whole lot of confidence in myself that I could...believe in myself when the chips were down. Do anything I wanted to if I put my mind to it."

Richard rolled his eyes. As much as he wanted to take Carrie's advice, he found it difficult to overcome this hurdle. He still found his challenge much more difficult than the one Carrie just alluded to.

"Did you have to swim the freestyle nude?" he scoffed.

"No, I did not," she said, cracking a smile. "But believe me, Dick, I couldn't have been more terrified. I felt like I was representing every girl from my school that tried to make states and couldn't. I was carrying a lot of weight, believe me, mister. But I pulled through. And I know you can do the same."

"I don't know, Carrie," he said, still doubting himself.

"What are you gonna do when the class rolls around?" she pressed on.

"I don't know," he said dejectedly. "I'm starting to think maybe I won't be able to do it."

She let out a big sigh.

"Oh Richard, Richard, Richard," she whispered aloud.

Again, she took a moment to compose herself, and then continued to try to inspire her young stepson.

"Think of this as...taking off your training wheels," she suggested, crossing her legs and again casually rubbing her knee.

God, was she persistent, Richard had to admire.

"Remember that first time you had to ride a bike without them?" she continued. "I bet you were scared, I bet you had doubts. But once the training wheels were taken off, I bet you didn't even realize they weren't there. I bet you could ride like the wind."

"I flew down San Antonio Avenue with the wind blowing through my hair," he reminisced.

"Exactly," she said. "I bet it was liberating. Believe me, once you are out there, out in the living room talking it up with the gals, you'll quickly forget that, you know..."

"I'm completely nude?" he said, finishing her thought.

She smiled, and nodded.

"What better way for you to continue your training, sweetie," Carrie told him. "This will be one more big step for you. And, well, I kind of thought this would be a chance for you to sort of live out one of your fantasies. Like the men in those pictures."

Richard had to admit, he kind of liked that idea.

"There are drinks to be served, ya' know," Carrie said to him in a sexy, very enticing tone. "We could really use a nice, charming waiter out there."

She just about had him, and Richard pushed the table gently aside, and prepared to get up. He looked at his soft, flaccid penis, which lie along his leg, down to his lower thigh.

"Do they know about this?" he asked Carrie, as she was already feasting her eyes upon his amazing appendage.

"I may have mentioned it," she said very sexily. "I couldn't help but mention, well, just how super you are, kiddo."

Richard nervously rose to his feet, his huge dick now dangling down between his legs.

"But don't be surprised if they give it a few double takes," Carrie told him. "You are simply enormous, sweetheart (giggle)."

Richard took a deep breath. Although he believed in himself, and believed in what Carrie was preaching to him, he still felt nervous. In fact he felt like he was about to jump off a 100-foot high dive, like he saw that one very courageous man do at the state fair in Dallas a couple years back.

He took another deep breath.

"You'll be fine, sweetie," Carrie laughed, amused he was getting so bent out of shape about this next task. "This is not an exercise in terror, I assure you."

Richard nodded, and he was about to push on. The first few steps he took, it felt like his feet were in cement, but he managed his way through the awkwardness and neared the door.

"Are you coming?" he asked his step mother, who was straightening up the room a bit.

"I'm right behind you," she said, waving her hand casually. "I just want to grab a few things. Go on ahead downstairs, I'll be down in a sec."

Days earlier, when he went downstairs nude for the first time, in front of Janet, Carrie was right there with him, practically holding his hand. Now, she was letting him go on his own, and it was empowering yet nerve-racking.

But one of the things that really settled Dick Parker, gave him peace of mind, was that he knew Carrie was doing this for his benefit, not for hers. All of this was geared towards his growth, his happiness, and he was trusting her that it would benefit him greatly.

As Dick walked slowly down the steps, the sounds of laughter and chatter from the family room got louder and louder, creating more butterflies in Richard's stomach.

"Flopper, you're in for a whole new adventure," he whispered quietly to his fat, dangling organ, just to make himself laugh.

As he got to the bottom of the steps and turned the corner, Richard could hardly believe he was going through with his. It was a tribute to Carrie, and the degree of influence she had on the young man.

He started to think that she could probably get him to run through walls, as long as it was for a good reason. Richard got closer and closer to the family room, and could see Janet sitting in the chair. Her face lit up when she saw Richard approaching, and naturally her eyes eventually drifted down to his penis, her smile an encouraging sign to him.

Richard walked into the room, and he bravely looked at Ms. Krendall. He couldn't even think of looking at Madison quite yet.

"Well look who came out of hibernation," Ms. Krendall teased, making the two girls laugh.

"I'm sorry, mam, I was just upstairs working on a model," Richard answered.

"I see, I see," the charming woman said back to him, looking him over from head to toe, but being discreet about it. "Carrie tells us you are quite a busy young man these days."

"Yes, mam," he answered nervously, feeling his knees trembling a bit.

'I'm doing it,' Richard assured himself. 'I'm in the moment. I'm doing it.'

Richard realized the hardest part was behind him - just walking down there was the huge hump he had to get over, and he did. But nevertheless, the fact that he was bare-ass naked in front of three fully-clothed women, he was still fighting through some nerves, a feeling that this was so out of the ordinary.

But that exactly is what Carrie had worked so diligently at instilling in him, that this WAS the norm, that this is the way it should be.

As he made small talk with Ms. Krendall, he could hear Madison quietly mutter some things inaudibly to herself every now and then. Even though she had been briefed, Richard could sense she was nevertheless stunned by his full-frontal nudity, and of course the size of certain things.

"So are you excited about Baylor, Richard?" Ms. Krendall asked him, as she casually took a sip of her hot tea.

"Yeah - can't wait," Richard said, adjusting his weight to the other leg as she shifted around a bit.

"Now what are you majoring in? Carrie brought this up earlier but I was a little confused," Ms. Krendall asked.

She was obviously going out of her way to make Richard feel comfortable about his nudity, to shift the focus elsewhere. He had to admit, he was quite grateful for that. He didn't want to be overwhelmed.

"I'm majoring in architecture," he answered her. "I'd really like to get into designing skyscrapers, something like the Renaissance Tower in Dallas. That's kind of my dream."

"Wonderful," Ms. Krendall exclaimed excitedly. "I think it's so refreshing when a young person takes such an interest in his or her future endeavors. Building skyscrapers. Wow. That is just amazing, honey."

Janet giggled.

"Yeah, Richard is really good with massive erections," she said kiddingly, causing a few snickers from Madison.

"Now, now," Deb said to the girls, urging them to pipe down. "Settle down you two - it's going to be a long afternoon."

It was as if Ms. Krendall was telling the girls to pace themselves. They, in turn, allowed the conversation to return to other topics, and as the girls chatted amongst themselves for a moment, it allowed Richard to check out what each was wearing.

Janet was now casual in some white shorts that were snug but not overly tight and a blue top that showed off her wonderful, big breasts. She fashioned her hair in a pigtail, which she usually did just for cheerleading but decided to do it that way this afternoon. It looked adorable.

Ms. Krendall was wearing a knee-length beige skirt, a short-sleeve white shirt, and some tan stockings that Richard loved. She looked like she had come right from teaching class, and it turned him on a great deal. He had always fantasized about being nude in front of a hot teacher, and Ms. Krendall was definitely satisfying his fantasies.

She even had a pair of glasses on a chain draped around her neck, the glasses hanging down in between her lovely breasts.

Since it had been raining earlier, and a bit chillier in Houston earlier that day, Ms. Krendall was not typically dressed for a summer day. So it kind of cracked Richard up that, if anything, Ms. Krendall was overdressed, which only drew a more stark contrast to his full nudity.

He started fantasizing about what her thighs must look like underneath that skirt. He started wondering if the stockings came up to mid thigh? And if she had on some really sexy, silk panties? His 18-year-old mind danced about with all its curiosities.

He realized he had been in the room for at least five or 10 minutes now, and hadn't formerly said hello to Madison. He looked over at her, waiting for her soft, green eyes to meet his.

"Hi...Madison," he said nervously.

"Hi, Ritchie," she smiled, her tone and her face suggesting that she sympathized with him, that she understood how awkward he must feel at this moment.

But she nevertheless did not shy away from looking at Richard's naked body, her eyes lingering on his penis. Richard noticed this, and was tremendously turned on by it. He purposely moved around a bit just to make it sway for her just a little, and then he gauged her reactions.

She looked at it, almost hypnotically, and her youth did not allow her to be as discreet about it as her mother. Even as she was talking to Richard, her eyes were sometimes fixated right on his cock.

"So'd you pick all your classes at Baylor?" he asked her, as Madison's eyes reluctantly moved back up to meet his.

"Yeah. Yuck - I don't even want to think about school yet though," she said.

"Sorry, didn't mean to bring up a sore subject," Richard laughed.

"No, no, it's just...ugh, the summer just is flying by," she told him. "I am looking forward to field hockey though."

"Oh you are playing at Baylor?" Richard asked, impressed she would be competing on the college level.

"Oh yeah, partial scholarship," she answered him.

"She has really good 'stick' skills," Janet piped in.

Richard could hear Ms. Krendall cluck her tongue at that last remark, taken off guard by yet another penis pun by Janet, but Deb also found it somewhat funny.

"Do you guys play on turf?" Richard asked Madison.

"Yeah - haven't you seen the field?" she asked him, surprised he hadn't fully toured the campus yet.

"Well yeah, but..."

"Well when we start in the fall you should come by practice one day and say 'hello,'" Madison urged him, as Richard was thrilled she wanted to continue their friendship at school.

"Madison, show Richard your shirt," her mom told her.

"Oh," Madison laughed.

She then reached down and began to take off the baggy white sweatshirt she put on earlier in the day, and revealed a Houston Oilers tee shirt that made Richard wince.

However, Richard was more interested in what appeared to be under the shirt - two big melons that bounced around freely as the baggy sweatshirt no longer kept them hidden.

'Jesus,' Richard thought to himself, 'who invited Dolly Parton to this little get-together?'

Madison's tits looked to be even bigger than Janet's or Carrie's. Ms. Krendall didn't appear to be as amply bosomed - her breasts were nice but nothing overtly large - yet her daughter, on the other hand, was sporting breasts so large that it looked as though the bra she was wearing had to keep them from hanging down. They looked to be as big around as a couple of large coconuts.

'Mama mia,' Richard thought to himself.

Madison was always a cute kid, but back in the day when she had come around with her mom, she was kind of seen by the boys as a chubby tomboy. One of the guys jokingly called her 'Thunder Thighs,' which she took in stride and then dished out some teasing comments of her own. It was all in good fun.

Richard noticed that those "Thunder Thighs' of hers, although at the moment covered up in a pair of Jordache jeans, looked to be slimmed down into well-toned beauties. He longed to see her in a pair of shorts.

"So what do ya' think?" Madison asked, shimmying back and forth to show off her Oilers shirt yet indirectly making her big tits sway back and forth.

Richard was almost in a trance.

"Oh God, Oilers?!" he remarked, although his thoughts were elsewhere.

"Love ya' Blue, baby," she taunted him. "How 'bout that Thanksgiving game, huh?"

Richard grimaced just thinking back to that day, when the Oilers upset his beloved Cowboys on Turkey Day, usually one of his favorite days of the year, in front of a nationally-televised audience. Ouch.

"Aw, you guys got lucky," he fired back.

"Lucky, okay, whatever," she teased him.

"Uh, who has two Super Bowl titles?" he argued.

Madison smiled, but persisted.

"You're living in the past, Dick, you're living in the past," she argued.

Ms. Krendall and Janet were amused by the back-and-forth discussion between the two.

"Are we gonna have to separate you two?" Madison's mom said jokingly.

As more conversation followed, Madison now took the moment to check out Richard, just as he had checked her out moments earlier. She liked how big his arms were, noticing he must work out a lot or simply be nice and muscled up from all his manly activities - ha! She loved checking out his bod.

He also had thick, sexy thighs, thick like tree trunks. And she couldn't wait to see his butt. He had yet to turn around since he had been in the room. But that did, after all, allow her plenty of time to gander at his rather large...

'I can't believe we used to call him Little Ritchie,' Madison thought to herself with a smile. 'More like Big Dick. Oh God, so glad I didn't say that out loud.'

Looking at Richard's naked body made Madison feel delightfully naughty. She could feel a tingle between her thighs, even a little wetness down there. She took a deep, impassioned breath. She wanted to kiss Richard's tight stomach, rub his big, muscular thighs, and even play with that massive hunk of man meat that hung down lazily between his legs.

The fact that he was standing before the three seated women put him that much more on display.

"Richard, we would offer you a seat but we've sort of been playing musical chairs," Ms. Krendall laughed. "I think that's why Carrie went upstairs - to get some folding chairs."

With Ms. Krendall and her daughter on the sofa, and a decently-sized pile of magazines and newspapers taking up the other third of it, and Janet sitting on the recliner, Richard waited patiently for Carrie to return with more seating. He quickly realized she was probably taking her time on purpose, wanting her stepson to get fully acquainted with the guests.

"Yeah, don't feel bad, Dick, Aunt Carrie didn't have a seat either before you came down," Madison told him.

"Oh she doesn't care," Janet laughed. "She hasn't sat down all day yet. I've never seen her so full of energy."

Richard knew part of her excitement was probably born out of him taking this next step in his progression. And as he stood there, arms at his side and his penis plainly visible to the three women, he became more and more their focus - both visually, and now also in conversation.

"Richard, I just have to say I think it's wonderful what you are doing," Ms. Krendall said to him, as she lightly rubbed the back of his leg.

"Oh...thank you," he said shyly, assuming she was referring to the class he was modeling for.

"Most boys your age would not be willing to...," she began, than used her hands to boldly emphasize her point, gesturing to his nudity.

The girls snickered.

"Dick is a nudist in training," Janet joked.

"Well that's perfectly fine - I know a few nudists and they're wonderful people," Ms. Krendall said with no hesitation.

As the conversation continued, Richard could hear Carrie finally coming down the steps, and was glad to see her come around the corner, two chairs in hand.

"How ya' making out there, kiddo?" she asked Richard as she entered the room.

"Good," he answered with a smile.

"They ganging up on you?" she asked jokingly, referring to the other three females.

"No, no," he answered, now taking a seat on one of the folding chairs.

Carrie sat right next to Richard, her legs crossed. Those lovely limbs, just a few feet from him, were seemingly there for his reassurance.

"I practically had to use a cattle prod to get him to come down here," Carrie joked, then rustled her hand through Richard's hair, kidding with him.

"He's a little shy," Ms. Krendall said. "But a very nice young man."

Richard's heart rate picked up a bit with Carrie's return. He knew more emphasis would be placed on him now. He casually looked around the room, and saw that Madison was looking right at his lap, where his penis was. She stared at the long, tubular piece of flesh that was now resting on Richard's right thigh, and as Madison looked up and saw Richard looking at her, her eyes quickly darted away, as if she pretended not to be staring. It was cute.

Carrie eventually summoned Richard to the kitchen to make some more snacks and refreshments for the group. As he put together some cheese and crackers, he could hear the fun continue without him, as laughs and funny stories resonated from the living room.

When he returned, he walked right into the middle of a new topic.

"We were just talking about nicknames, sweetie," Carrie told her adoring stepson. "I was just telling Maddy how we used to call her mom 'Krendy,' - you know, short for Krendall."

"And then some of the bratty boys got word of it and started calling me 'creepy Krendy,'" Deb remembered, then turned to Richard. "I am not at all creepy, sweetie."

She rubbed the back of his leg again, and it felt good. Richard welcomed any physical contact with these adoring ladies.

"I think I was always just Janet. No nicknames stuck for some reason," Janet added with a laugh.

It took a moment, and then Madison brought up one unpleasant memory of hers.

"This jerk in school used to call me Madison Avenue," she said, smiling about it now. "He said my butt was as big as a street."

Everyone in the room quickly sympathized with Madison, who seemed to not even be fazed by it.

"Boys are jerks sometimes - that's all," she said.

"Besides," Richard added, "you had the last laugh, obviously."

He was openly complimenting her on her development, not just physically, but also because she turned out to be such a well-balanced, sweet young woman. Madison, in turn, thanked Richard for the sentiment.

"Everyone used to call your mom, 'Flipper,'" Ms. Krendall said to Janet, "because she was always in the water."

"Oh," Janet laughed, "that's funny because now we call Richard, 'Flopper.'"

'Oh boy,' Richard thought to himself, as he got both a nervous and excited feeling in his stomach. Here it comes.

"Why 'Flopper?'" Ms. Krendall asked curiously, her daughter also showing interest.

"Well," Janet said, her face turning red with excitement as she started to crack up, "it doesn't really refer to him...as a whole, but rather one part...of his anatomy."

"Oh," Ms. Krendall answered, then covering her mouth in amusement. "Oh..."

"What does the nickname refer to?" Madison asked with a big smile, pressing the issue.

Everyone in the room knew, but someone had to say it. Just to break the ice. As she often did, Carrie took charge. She candidly stated what the nickname referred to.

"His dick," she said clearly, causing Janet, Madison and even Ms. Krendall to bend over laughing.

It was as if all the tension in the room, including the uneasy amount Richard was feeling, was finally lifted.

Now loose and relieved, Richard swung his hips back and forth, making the aforementioned part of his body flop with a life all its own. The loud slapping noise it created when it smacked against his meaty thighs fully accentuated the remarkable size of his penis.

"Is that some kind of record?" a chuckling Madison could barely mutter as she eyed his prodigious pork sword.

"If it isn't, it has to be honorable mention," Ms. Krendall quipped as she too feasted her eyes on Richard's beautiful organ.

"And you keep it very well-manicured, which I appreciate," Ms. Krendall added, noting Richard's neatly-trimmed pubic hair.

Richard basked in the loving atmosphere, but Carrie pushed him along to go get some more napkins and ice for everyone. In his absence, the women spoke even more freely, and Richard craned his neck around the corner so he could listen from the kitchen.

"It IS big," Ms. Krendall stated matter-of-factly, as if confirming something Carrie had told her earlier.

"It's huuuuuge," Madison added, taking a sip of her pink lemonade.

Even Carrie, who had seen Richard naked on several occasions, still had to marvel.

"It is rather...donkeyesque," she laughed, causing Ms. Krendall and Madison to snicker as well. "But the irony is (laugh), well, that Dick used to feel, kind of weird because of his size. We've worked really hard to make him feel comfortable with his body."

"And he's shown a lot of progress," Janet chimed in.

"I can't stop staring at it," Madison had to admit. "It's like a tractor beam - it just sucks me right in."

"Don't feel bad," Janet told her friend. "He really doesn't mind you looking, believe me."

There was a brief silence for a moment, but then Madison voiced her curiosity.

"Is something like that...hereditary?" she pondered with a smile, referring to Richard's size.

Carrie grinned.

"Several of the Parker men," she began, "have - "

"They ALL have big dorks," Janet interrupted, as Carrie initially looked annoyed in being interrupted, but then had to grin. "It's like a Parker family trait."

"I remember you mentioning Neil's size," Ms. Krendall said as she took a sip of her tea.

"Parker men, from the information I have at my disposal," Carrie said with a cute chuckle, "have always sported, well, rather large pricks. And it's something that, believe me, goes back generations, from the information I have gathered over the years (laugh). But to me the most remarkable thing isn't just the sheer size of their dicks, but the utter joy they get in displaying them. And the fact that this sense of exhibitionism - this desire to display themselves to the opposite sex - later lends itself to sort of a um, feeling of submission, of surrendering to the female, I think is quite powerful."

"The fact that they are naked and we have our clothes on displays the power we have over them," Janet chimed in, speaking of not only the wonderful dynamic that had been going on at the Parker house in recent days, but about the concept of CFNM in general.


Carrie's voice was a source of wisdom.

"CFNM involves a male - or males' - willingness to get naked for women's enjoyment. The term for it is new but the concept has been around since the beginning of time."

Madison had to snicker, as she was so new to all this, but at the same time she was thinking 'this is so cool!'

"My daughter and I, through the course of Dick's training and also through some of his more private things that he shared with us, have discovered he has quite a passion for the CFNM way of life," Carrie stated clearly. "We have taken it upon ourselves to nurture him in this regard."

"I know you have been to quite a few CFNM parties, haven't you?" Ms. Krendall asked her longtime friend.

"Several," Carrie answered proudly, as Richard re-entered the room.

Richard's presence was met with only a subtle regard this time, as Carrie's conversation piece - quite remarkably - had temporarily taken the attention away from Richard's naked form. Ms. Krendall, and especially Madison, yearned to hear more.

"So at these parties, it's kind of like, a normal party for the women. Meaning, they dress up, however they want - they're just going to a party basically," Madison said, "but the men that go..have to get completely naked?"

"Completely naked," Carrie confirmed.

Madison rolled back in her chair, marveling that such a female-first phenomenon existed.

"That is so cool, Mrs. Parker," she gloated.

"It's a wonderful time for everybody," Carrie said, turning around and winking at Richard as he stood over her.

The affectionate look she gave her stepson made him feel so welcome, and so warm inside.

Ms. Krendall, God bless her, always maintained her teacher-esque, proper demeanor despite holding very explicit desires inside. She gently rocked her right, stocking-clad leg up and down, as she got very excited with the concept of these parties, yet did still have her own inhibitions.

She had a strikingly beautiful body underneath all of those clothes, but the thought of baring all kind of overwhelmed her.

"The women aren't expected to...," she began, and Carrie understood where she was going with this.

"There's absolutely no female nudity whatsoever," Carrie confided in her friend. "And this is for a variety of reasons. First, "

"If one woman takes her top off, others might feel pressured to do the same," Janet said, butting in the conversation but eloquently making Carrie's first point for her.

"Exactly," her mom added. "And another is to playfully yet affectively create a power dynamic for the women, which Janet briefly just touched on. The men are nude, and the women are clothed, hence symbolizing the authority the women have over the men. The men are also subservient to the women in that they crave, and need, the attention of the women. The women in turn then decide when and in what means they will give the male the attention he deserves."

Richard stood and stared at his step mother, with a look that suggested nothing short of open-mouthed admiration. Janet could see his stares lingering on Carrie, and decided to comment.

"My mom's a femme dom," she said jokingly to her stepbrother, in affect causing both Ms. Krendall and Madison to laugh.

"No, no, I'm not a femme dom. Nothing could be further from the truth," Carrie smiled. "A female dominant - not to make it so black and white - is a person that derives great pleasure from dominating a man, sometimes even inflicting pain to get pleasure. I am all about equality at these parties. In fact, the men have just as much fun as the women. Each and every person leaves with a smile - I can assure you that much."

Richard loved her reasoning, and got a kick out of the fact that even though Carrie preached equality, these parties still were largely based around one big inequality - the women kept all their clothes on, and the men were bare-ass naked from start to finish. Yet, as Carrie said, the males savor every second of it.

Any time that such a racy and fascinating topic becomes the focus of conversation, several questions will arise, and young Madison had to ask one.

"Do all of the men at these parties," she began with a big grin, "have huge peckers?"

Everyone in the room cracked up.

"Oh Heavens no," Carrie told the girl. "There is every size under the sun. Every color in the rainbow. You could have a small, cute one..."

Carrie then turned to face Richard's huge, hanging penis, and she gestured to it.

"Or you could have the biggest gun on the range," she smiled. "Either way - everyone has a blast."

It sounded great, almost too great to believe. But this type of party, this sort of lifestyle - if there was any doubt it really existed, Richard's mere presence supported that it did. The women - at this very moment - were engaging in a CFNM party, without even realizing it.

"Do these types of regal engagements your step mother speaks of interest you, young man?" Ms. Krendall playfully asked the 18-year-old male, tapping his knee with her stocking-clad foot.

"Uh, yeah," he stammered, almost too excited and overwhelmed to speak.

All three of the women giggled lightly, as Richard's sweet demeanor was shining through. The fact that he was at a loss for words also showed just how new this all seemed to him.

"You are allowed to speak, honey," Carrie said to him with a smile.

"We may have taken your clothes but not your voice, Dick," Madison teased him.

True to form, Richard summoned up his composure and spoke more eloquently about how this particular way of life did indeed provide him a lot of inner happiness.

"It's like he's found his calling," Janet said in support, smiling from ear to ear.

That statement touched a nerve in Richard, as, after all, what Janet said clearly held some truth.

"It's something I'd like to do - not just this seminar, but after that, maybe do nude modeling for some art classes," Richard stated, looking in Ms. Krendall's direction.

"Oh absolutely," the teacher replied, encouraging the young man. "A perfect male physique like yours is always in demand."

Richard was blown over by her kind words.

"And he has such a nice manner about him, doesn't he?" Carrie asked the others, as they all nodded in agreement.

Madison agreed as well, but at the same time shook her head with a smile as she gazed openly at Richard's enormous wang.

While conversation continued to flow, Carrie escorted Richard to the kitchen as things started to pick up.

"I want you to help me bring in the wine," she told her stepson as the brunette brought out a bottle of merlot that she picked up at Temple Wine and Spirits.

Richard took a deep breath, and it wasn't so much to relieve anxiety but instead to just calm down from all the excitement.

"You're doing wonderful, Dick, really," Carrie said as she began to pour the smooth, red refreshment into five glasses.

"Wow, I figured that bottle was for a special occasion," Richard said aloud as Carrie calmly poured the drinks.

"What could be more special than this day?" Carrie asked him with a big smile.

It was almost as if they were celebrating another important stage in Richard's development, his "coming-out party," as it were, and Richard felt he owed something to Carrie for prying him out of his room earlier that afternoon. If nothing else, some gratitude.

"Carrie," he began a bit nervously.

She turned to him.

"I just wanted to...thank you, for everything you've done for me," he told her. "I know I was a pain earlier, in my room - "

"Think nothing of it," she said, touching his face gently. "I expect a little resistance every now and then. I'm a big girl - I can handle it."

She was so frickin' cool, as always. She operated with a certain grace that Richard both admired, and envied.

"It's like you're really preparing me, you know? Not just for the class, but...for life," he pondered aloud.

As much as she wanted to keep things moving, Carrie was more than glad to take the time to chat with Richard some more.

"You're starting to see the big picture," she said proudly of him. "You're a regular 'John the Savage.' And you're stepping into a 'Brave New World.'"

She filled the room with that intoxicating laugh of hers, much more intoxicating than any merlot.

"Sweetie, if you're anything like your father, and believe me, it doesn't seem to me that the apple has fallen far from the tree, darling," she smiled, "If you're anything like your father, CFNM isn't just a passing fancy for you, an adolescent phase. It's going to be a lifetime commitment (smile)."

"A commitment to excellence," he teased.

"Wow! A rare Raiders reference - good for you, hon," she said, rubbing his shoulder with delight. "You are branching out."

They kidded, they laughed, but all the while Carrie operated with purpose.

"I think the pleasure of grooming you falls upon me, and believe me, it is indeed a pleasure, not a burden," the lively brunette stressed. "And ten years from now, you'll thank me. I know someday your beautiful wife is going to want to show you off a little. And let's say she has some of her friends over for a little CFNM get-together..."

Carrie now used the term "CFNM" so freely around Richard. Her using the word gave the term credibility, made it seem more tangible, more real.

"I want you to dazzle, sweetie," she went on, "and I know you will."

As the boy helped his step mother get together some delicious, fresh strawberries to go with the wine, he wondered how they would serve it. He grabbed for a tray. Carrie, however, went into the dining room and opened the glass cabinet containing only their finest china.

"Come on, we're not a Howard Johnson's here," she said, pushing aside the tray Richard brought out. "Let's pretend we're a more upscale version of The Temple Inn. Let's impress our guests."

Richard smiled.

"And this is a special occasion, sweetie," she repeated.

"Yes, mam," he replied, and helped her load the sparkling, silver tray.

Carrie let him do the honors and carry the refreshments. She even placed a clean, white towel over his left forearm, conjuring up images of those lovely waiters in Richard's favorite magazines.

"You're living the dream, babe," she told him. "Now get in there and show your stuff."

Carrying a tray full of wine would be the ultimate barometer of Richard's nerves. Now completely settled, the tray didn't shimmy or shake one bit, as he bravely took it, raised it on his fingertips quite deftly, and began to walk gracefully down the hall into the family room.

Carrie was proud of him, but demanded more.

"Now don't be such a wallflower when we go back in," she whispered into his ear from behind. "Show 'em your stuff."

He didn't quite know what that all entailed, but he pushed forward, re-entering the room to high-pitched shrieks of joy when the three females noticed his formal appearance.

"Ooo, our very own waiter," Madison teased as she took one of the glasses of merlot.

Since it was such a special day, Carrie took liberties by letting the three 18-year-olds have a bit of wine. Their glasses had a very modest serving while Carrie's and Ms. Krendall's had a much more generous amount. It was time to party.

"Oh this is delicious, what is this?" Ms. Krendall raved as she savored a sparkling sip of the delicious beverage.

"It's a merlot. The grapes are grown in Napa Valley," Carrie told her as she sat down on the sofa, her sexy legs crossed one over the other.

"And how about our wonderful waiter?" Madison teased. "Is he imported from the Napa Valley as well?"

"No, no," Carrie played along. "This handsome, young man grows right here in Temple."

"He's certainly grown," Ms. Krendall remarked excitedly as she eyed Richard's muscular form up and down, a wave of sexual arousal pulsing through her body, only fueled further by the wine.

Leave it up to Janet to suggest that Richard dance for the women, an idea that was both agreed upon and supported greatly by the other three ladies.

As Richard was reluctant to do so, Janet pressed the issue by getting up and turning on the stereo in the living room, cranking up the volume as she heard the welcome tones of "Stayin' Alive." It was almost too perfect.

The women were relentless, urging and poking and pushing Richard to get moving, to entertain them. And he knew he wanted to. He just had to summon up the courage.

"If nothing else, sweetie," Carrie offered while she sipped her drink, "dancing will help settle the butterflies."

"I don't have butterflies anymore, it's just...," Richard stammered. "I'm really not a good dancer."

"Who cares?" Ms. Krendall belted out. "Come on, get moving. Get up and shake a leg."

"Or something else," Madison quipped.

Richard, to get started, simply tried to get a feel for the beat, and began rocking back and forth as he stood in the midst of these four beautiful women. With the encouragement and cheers of the ladies, Richard began rocking his hips, snapping his fingers to the music, and he danced in a somewhat sexy fashion.

Disco dancing was not his forte, but, before this day, neither was serving drinks or acting as the man of honor at a CFNM party, but he handled both of those duties well and he was putting forth the same exceptional effort with his moves.

Ms. Krendall openly remarked how it reminded her of a few bachelorette parties she had been too, and said - quite cleverly - that she would be glad to offer Richard a tip, but she had nowhere to put it.

"Usually the male dancers have thongs on don't they?" Madison said as she clapped along to the music, and to Richard's gyrations.

"This is much more revealing, and it's wonderful," Carrie said happily.

"Now that I think about it, even if he did have a thong on," Ms. Krendall began.

"There wouldn't be much room for dollar bills," Carrie said, finishing the thought for her longtime friend.

Madison felt the need to get involved in the chatter.

"I don't think he'd be able to fit his huge thing in a thong let alone paper money along with it," she laughed.

Carrie nodded happily to signify her agreement with the girl.

"My stars in Heaven, look at that penis go," Ms. Krendall said as she and the other women began to place most of their attention on Richard's huge, swinging organ.

Watching their eyes dart up and down and back and forth, matching the movements of his incredible dong, Richard went about swinging his cock in a more pronounced way, bouncing it up, down and every which way but loose.

"Ooo, he gave himself a little pat on the behind," Carrie laughed as she watched Richard's dangly member swing around his thigh and smack the outer edge of his behind.

The frenzied, animated movements of his lengthy, fat prick literally drove the women out of their seats, as Janet now danced alongside Richard, heaping further praise upon him for his entertaining display. As Madison clapped and hollered, Janet demanded Richard take things to another level.

"You ain't seen nothing' yet," Janet yelled to her friend. "Swing that thing, Dick. Come on, helicopter that shit!"

The request itself caused the other women to burst into hysterics, and just as Ms. Krendall asked for an explanation, it was given to her - right before her eyes.

"Helicopter? What do you mean - ," she began but then stopped mid-sentence, watching as Richard gyrated his hips to make his enormous dong swing in a long, circular motion, almost as if it was spinning around on its own axis.

"Oh my Lord," Ms. Krendall laughed, her face flushed with excitement as she watched Richard's massive meat dance tantalizingly before her.

Even Carrie was impressed how Richard could move his most special muscle.

"Everyone hold onto your wine glasses - it's out of control!," she joked as she watched Richard buck his muscular hips and make his gargantuan prick frolic for their amusement.

"It don't mean a thing," Janet began to sing, and was then joined by her mother, creating a nice-sounding duet, "if it ain't got that swi-i-ing!"

Ms. Krendall, building up quite a sweat even though she wasn't the one dancing, was so moved by Richard's performance - and his amazing sex organ - that she had to finally let loose.

"That is the biggest frickin' dork I've ever seen," she belted out over the music, much to the delight of the other three women.

Always neat to see which colorful word for the male organ a woman will choose to use, and apparently "dork" was Ms. Krendall's favorite. It's a term that has since become obscure in referring to the male penis, but just like disco, platform shoes and shag carpeting, it was still in style on this delightful afternoon.

"I just never knew it was possible for a guy to have one that huge," Madison remarked as she watched that very appendage dance with a life all its own .

"Richard stretches the imagination," Carrie smiled, as Richard now shook his sexy butt for the small yet raucous crowd. The women took turns pinching his meaty behind, even smacking it once in a while for greater pleasure.

When the music stopped, everyone - including the women - needed a breather.

"Getting' hot in here," Ms. Krendall said, as her rhythmic rocking back and forth made her breasts more pronounced under her white blouse. And the way she had those stocking-clad legs crossed, God, Richard was going crazy.

So entranced by Richard's nudity, the only thing hotter than simply looking at it was talking about it, and Carrie and Janet reminisced about the little pool party they had a couple days before, and Madison and her mom were on the edge of the seats for details.

"How on Earth did the other boys react when they saw the size of that behemoth?" Ms. Krendall had to ask, fighting through giggles as she could only imagine the other boys' shock when they saw Richard's immense tallywacker.

"I know some men, even ones who are happy with their size, begin to bristle when they're in the presence of someone REALLY well-endowed," Carrie remarked, "but I think a big penis, I don't know...can be somewhat magical (smile)."

"They seemed just as entertained by it as we were," Janet said, "they were like, 'do this with it, do that, make it go like this...'"

"I think every boy has fantasized about having such an exceptionally large organ," Carrie continued, "so I think Barney and Craig -"

"Were living out their fantasies vicariously through Richard here?" Ms. Krendall finished with a smile.

"Yep," Carrie laughed. "Yeppers."

Richard never even got to answer Ms. Krendall, but he almost knew she had more questions for him.

"Have you measured your dork?" she asked him nicely. It was like she overpronounced the word "dork," like she loved the sound of it. Hard-sounding "D." Hard-sounding "K."

After all, she did teach vocabulary at Fall Creek Elementary. She embraced the English language. Especially certain words. Ha.

"It really is almost a foot long when he has an erection," Carrie remarked as she helped herself to a refill.

Ms. Krendall's mouth dropped open.

"If it pointed straight up, it might damn near touch his heart," Carrie bragged.

"If if pointed straight out, you could hang your laundry on it," Janet snickered.

"Hol- (laugh), holy mackerel," Ms. Krendall remarked with a wonderful sounding chuckle.

"So this is not the finished product?" the teacher asked in a cute fashion, gesturing to his huge, flaccid penis.

"It gets bigger?" Madison asked curiously.

"It grows and grows," Janet marveled. "Like The Creature that ate Sheboygan (laugh)."

Despite all the attention being placed on his wonderful member, Richard was still not the slightest bit hard.

"It's relaxed...," he said, looking down at it with a smile. "Real relaxed."

"Are you still nervous, hon?" Ms. Krendall asked him, gently rubbing the back of his leg. "We won't bite, I promise."

"Dick? Do you think you could show Madison and Ms. Krendall what you look like, at your fullest potential?" Carrie asked of him.

Richard was more than happy - and pretty relieved - to let his penis grow into a full erection. He had maintained admirable control of his organ for the past hour or so, not wanting to offend the women with an all-out boner. But now that the request was actually made for him to become fully aroused, he only had to take in the moment to do so.

Richard didn't even have to touch himself, just jut out his hips and emphasize his penis to the women a bit more, and his dick began to both lengthen and thicken, right before eight very adoring eyes.

"My, my, would you look at that," Ms. Krendall marveled, as Richard's penis continued to elongate under their watchful gaze. "It keeps growing, and growing (laugh), and - oh my Heavens (laugh) - look at that!"

"Doesn't even stand straight up, just hangs down further," Madison snickered, as she watched Dick grow, and grow...and grow.

Quite remarkably, Richard's penis began to ascend upwards just slightly, now running perpendicular to the floor as it stuck out before him like an extended drawbridge. He put his hands on his hips, as if gesturing to the women to 'look and see what I have, ladies!'

"Look at that beautiful cock," Madison openly complimented the young man. "God, you girls are so spoiled - you get to see this big, gorgeous cock every frickin' day...I think I'm moving in here."

They all laughed, as Madison's statement was, yes, just made in a passive, joking fashion, but there was a hint of sincerity to it, as she would love to wake up every morning in a household like this one, where a young, handsome man roams completely nude simply for the visual pleasure of the women who dwell within the happy home's confines.

Richard positioned himself right in the midst of the four seated women, his hardened cock drooping out before him like a big beautiful rainbow, the head of his mighty prick hanging well below his meaty thighs.

"Sweetie, lift up your schlong for just a second so they can see your nuts," Carrie requested, as she further enhanced the sexual buzz she was feeling by indulging her other buzz, with several long sips of wine.

Richard lifted up his longish cock to expose a set of massive balls, nestled deep in their sack like low-hanging fruit. They were yearning to release their copious seed.

"Let Madison touch them, sweetie," Carrie beckoned. "Hold them, hon, feel how heavy they are."

Madison reached out her delicate hand and gently took hold of his balls, cupping them at first and then bouncing them up and down to gauge their tremendous weight.

"Oh my God, they are heavy," she laughed.

"Look at you, you poor thing, you must be begging for release," Ms. Krendall sympathized, then lovingly rubbed Richard's cute rear end.

"Yes, mam," was all Richard could muster, his desire to come now far outweighing his need to speak.

As the four lovely women beheld in great awe the mammoth sex organ throbbing and pulsing before them, Ms. Krendall immediately thought back to something Carrie had told her about her handsome stepson.

"I heard you put the famous 'Cannon at Gonzales' to shame," she joked, alluding to Richard's amazing ejaculatory exploits, along with a reference to one of the famous cannons of the Texas Revolution.

Ms. Krendall's ability to mix history and sex was always something to admire.

"Well obviously he has the cannon," Madison noted, gesturing to his enormous rod.

"And he definitely has the cannonballs," Janet quipped, receiving a high five from her friend.

The more they talked about him shooting off, Richard simply wanted to erupt - 'less talkey, more strokey,' he thought to himself.

Ms. Krendall reached out her hand, offering her support. She caressed his incredibly long shaft, signifying that she in fact would be the one to allow him release. But as she eyed his monster cock with admiration and lust, she surprised everyone in the room - including herself - when she softly spoke the following question.

"Has any woman every tried to...accommodate you orally, dear?"

Richard, both surprised and intrigued by her curiosity, shrugged 'no.'

"Hmm," Ms. Krendall replied, eyeing his enormous erection.

She took a deep breath and glanced around the room.

"What do ya' think, girls? Should I be the first to attempt it?"

Madison and Janet were stunned, though deeply excited with the idea.

"Go right ahead," Carrie told her friend with encouragement. "Give it a whirl."

It was an open invitation from the woman in charge to take this party to the next level: Ms. Krendall was going to get to live out one of her fantasies, a fantasy she was too scared to live out at her very own party weeks earlier. And Richard, meanwhile, was going to receive one big 'Thank You' for all of the entertainment he provided on this wonderful afternoon.

"Go, mom, give it a try," Madison told her mom, as the young one leaned in to have a better vantage point.

"I have GOT to see this," Janet added, as she slid further down the couch, looking on at this anticipated spectacle.

Richard squared himself in front of Ms. Krendall, who remained seated but leaned over the edge of the couch to have better access to the object of her affection.

She simply glanced at his tool, her eyes widening as she gauged its size. She gave it a few gentle kisses, then a few more.

As if testing it, she slowly opened her mouth, just to see if she could even get the head in, but at first, only the tip. One thrust of his tool, and her mouth was pushed off his cock. She giggled.

There could be no subtlety. It was as if his cock was saying to her, 'if you're really serious about this, you're gonna have to open wide.'

Ms. Krendall opened her pretty mouth as far as it would go, and engulfed his enormous dick head. "Oh...my God," the girls whispered.

"Mom!" Madison said in a long, drawn out way, laughing in excitement.

Neither of the two girls had ever administered a blowjob, let alone watch one up close.

And there was no mistake about it - Ms. Krendall was sucking Richard's cock. Loudly. The audible slurping sounds were evidence of her efforts. So were the strawberry-colored lipstick stains she left on his pole each time she took a quick break to rest her tired jaw.

"Work that pole!" Janet shouted.

"Yeah, Mom!" Madison again cheered on, noticing her mother's ability to not only suck the mammoth cock but caress the huge set of nuts that hung below.

"Look at her juggling those balls," Madison said to her friend.

"Like an amateur juggler," Carrie added, pulling her seat closer to the show.

As Ms. Krendall jerked the cock out of her mouth, with an audible popping sound, she let forth a cry that was composed of both sexual excitement and dismay.

"Holy mackerel - it's like trying to suck the Eiffel Tower!" she cried out, only amplifying the level of excitement in the room.

"You're doing fine, 'Krendy,' really - keep it up," Carrie told her friend.

"Oh she'll keep it up alright," Janet laughed, looking at Richard's unrelenting erection.

Richard looked over at Carrie, and saw a certain happiness glisten in her eyes. It was as if she was saying to him 'you're in the moment, babe, enjoy this.'

Ms. Krendall returned to her task with an even greater sense of purpose, now bobbing up and down on Richard's giant dork at a frenzied pace. It looked and sounded so lewd, Ms. Krendall's formal attire creating an even greater contrast to her lustful actions. Her passions seemed to create a buzz that spread throughout the entire room.

As Ms. Krendall bobbed up and down on Richard's shaft, the reading glasses around her neck started to become an inconvenience. They swung back and forth and nearly got tangled around his long pole.

"Here, I'll take those," Carrie laughed as 'Krendy' gladly, and elegantly, took them off.

Not at all distracted, Ms. Krendall returned to her task with even more passion.

"My mom...," Madison marveled, a wicked smile coming across her face. "Suckin' a frickin' donkey cock."

"And doing a pretty good job of it at that," Janet added, as Ms. Krendall continued her oral assault on the boy's massive member.

No longer nervous, and feeling no constraint, Ms. Krendall took Richard's dick out of her mouth and began smacking it against her cheek. She loved the feel of the thick slab of meet slapping against her soft flesh.

With her tongue free, she quickly put it to work by licking Richard's massive nuts. She then even showed more enthusiasm by taking each in her mouth, one at a time. She rolled each of his massive balls around her warm tongue, marveling how big each one was, and how much come it must have pent up inside its walls.

Even though Ms. Krendall's jaw was the one being put to a test, the girls could also feel their jaw muscles lock up, as they both sat there with their mouths wide open, looking on in awe at the lovely spectacle before them.

"Look at her go," Carrie marveled, as Ms. Krendall now returned to sucking Richard's enormous cock.

Her jaw now used to his freakish size, she worked it in and out of her mouth like a well-lubricated fleshy piston.

The girls started slapping their laps, seemingly in rhythm to Richard's thrusts, and they did this to offer further encouragement to the woman of the hour.

"Suck that cock! Suck that cock!" they started chanting, as if this was the main event at a well-orchestrated bachelorette party.

Carrie, whose fingers now danced around the top of her shorts, as she thought about rubbing herself while watching this truly erotic performance, had to put off her own cravings and join in with the encouragement.

"Suck that cock! Suck that cock!" all three now cheered in unison, with Carrie leaning over and playfully shoving her daughter, as if to say 'we're just having a good ole' time.'

Ms. Krendall now folded her hands behind her back, just so Richard's cock would be manipulated and pleasured only by her mouth, and that alone. She was now bobbing up and down on his rod, her warm saliva lubricating his engorged schlong each time it glided between her lips.

"'Krendy,' he shoots a lot," Carrie warned, but nevertheless she looked forward to watching her enormous stepson erupt in her best friend's waiting mouth.

"I know," Ms. Krendall griped, as if to say 'I got this.'

"Just be prepeared," Carrie laughed, urging the girls to watch even closer now, as the grand finale was nearing.

"I've sucked a cock before, I know what I'm doing," Ms. Krendall scoffed.

"Not like this one," Janet fired back.

Richard realized the moment was approaching. He looked down at Ms. Krendall's stockings, peered over at all three women watching and cheering, and caught a glimpse of Carrie's enormous breasts, a bit more exposed now in the wild frenzy of the afternoon's events. The tops of Carrie's huge, gorgeous tits bounced up and down as she alternated between clapping and jumping - either way, she was a ball of energy around which everything revolved.

Feeling a need to show his gratitude to not only Ms. Krendall, but also Carrie, who orchestrated this entire day to flawless perfection, Richard wanted to cap off this party with a climax fitting of its buildup. An image of a champagne bottle bursting open at the start of a new year rushed through his mind. And he also thought of the show he put on at the pool the other day, and somehow believed this might top even that.

Richard clenched his muscular buttocks one last time, delivered one last thrust into Ms. Krendall's accommodating mouth, and the first rush of come shot up from his massive balls. He could feel it traveling up his long shaft, then felt it explode into Ms. Krendall's mouth. The reaction on her face was indicative enough of how substantial a load Richard was gushing forth.

Ms. Krendall's mouth was almost pushed off his cock again, but her persistence was admirable, and not at all lost on the three seated spectators.

"Oh my God, he's coming," Carrie announced, as Janet and Madison watched with wonder.

Tiny rivulets of semen began to trickle out between Ms. Krendall's lips, as if the enormous load she was trying to swallow down was just too overwhelming to take.

Ms. Krendall could feel one warm rope of come after another hit the back of her throat, as she tried in vain to swallow as fast as she could, feeling her cheeks swell out as her mouth became more and more full of Richard's copious eruption.

Finally, she had to surrender for a moment. 'Krendy' took Richard's giant prick out of her mouth in order to catch her breath, and also voice her amazement.

"It's like to suck down a fire hose," she screamed aloud, nearly pushing the three other women off the edge of their seats with excitement.

Even as Ms. Krendall tried to talk, Richard's dick was relentless, spasming and convulsing as it continued to ejaculate. With no hands and no mouth providing it pleasure, Richard's cock continued to erupt just the same, and Ms. Krendall willingly chose to be doused with his seed. A thick rope of ejaculate splashed against her forehead, another doused her cheek. She opened her mouth and one particularly thick rope bounced off her pretty, white teeth, making everyone laugh.

Ms. Krendall's face was so covered with Richard's ejaculate that it looked as though she had been painted with a thick, white paste.

"Holy mackerel," she continued to say, now using her hands to caress even more spunk from his ginormous tool.

Ms. Krendall tee-heed a bit as she watched a few drops of semen pour of out of Richard's dork, and onto her skirt. The nicely-dressed woman, as well as Richard's horse-like prick, were completely spent.

The look on Ms. Krendall's face suggested both happiness and bewilderment.

"Now that's a Kodak moment," Madison teased her mom, who now made a half-hearted attempt to wipe the massive amount of come off her face and out of her hair, but then gave up.

"I'm just gonna have to jump in the shower," she said, letting her hands fall into her lap in a casual way.

Everyone burst out laughing again, and Carrie quickly patted Richard on the behind.

"You've outdone yourself again, Dick," she had to say, with a smile that went from ear to ear.

Ms. Krendall, meanwhile, had to wipe more come away from her eyes just to be able to look over at the young man, as the young girls congratulated Richard for a load of such mammoth proportions.

"It was definitely worthy of his size," Ms. Krendall said, her face, blouse and skirt evidence of Richard's latest ejaculatory feat.

The party still carried on at a high pitch for several minutes, all five participants voicing their appreciation of what just took place.

Eventually though, Ms. Krendall went upstairs to get a shower, and Carrie urged Richard to start cleaning up. He had no problem with continuing the waiter duties that were thrust upon him earlier in the afternoon.

"When you're done, sweetie, you can go back to your room if you want," Carrie said to him softly as he picked up a few plates and glasses off one of the snack tables.

"Yeah - we're done with you for now," Janet teased, but then went over to hug her stepbrother.

"That was amazing, Dick, really," she said, then high-fived her step sibling to show further affection.

With a patient smile, Carrie waited for Janet and Madison to go outback for a moment. The girls went out to look at the swimming pool and gauge its temperature after a long, rain-filled afternoon. While Janet and Madison contemplated a night swim, Carrie and Richard remained in the kitchen, and she spoke softly and affectively to her young prodigy.

"By no means am I trying to shoo you upstairs, Dick, really," she told him. "I just wanted to talk to Deb and the girls about a few things, okay?"

"Yeah, sure," he replied in his easy-going way.

"I am very proud of you, Dick, very proud," she told him, patting him lightly on the shoulder and offering him a warm smile.

This summer was getting better and better every day.

TO BE CONTINUED

The Tick Incident Ch. 05
bybess_armstrong©

Barney had to be careful not to speed. He was so excited to get to his destination, but needed to curtail his emotion.

His rusty, 1970 Vista Cruiser Station Wagon, a car he shared with his mom, sounded like it might stall at any moment, but it kept puttering along, much the same way young Barney Bussett displayed such a persistence in accomplishing his task. His solo expedition was about to be rewarded. With a simple sign.

"Welcome to Dripping Springs," the boy said triumphantly as he read aloud the message on the old green and white road sign. "Ah, Gateway to the Hills of Texas...I made it. I can't believe I'm here."

The two-hour car ride was well worth it. Barney was making - what he felt was - a very important trip.

"The birthplace of my goddess," he said happily aloud.

It was a dry and windy day, as clouds of dirt and dust blew across the deserted road. But to Barney, everything about it was warm and welcoming.

And his car pushed along as the boy read from a piece of note paper bearing specific directions.

********************

Back in Temple, the Parker house was full of spirit.

Carrie and daughter Janet sat at the kitchen table eating breakfast with Ms. Krendall and daughter Madison, getting into a heated but all-the-while friendly discussion about local politics.

"She wasn't born in Texas," Carrie repeated for the up-teenth time, with much more emphasis. "If you weren't born in Texas, then you're not a Texan."

"Jeez, Mom, that's kind of smug," Janet kidded her mom, as the girl popped another home fry into her mouth.

"I'm not saying you can't LIVE here," Carrie stressed. "It's just...if you want to run for mayor, then I feel you should have lived here your whole life."

Carrie was at her best, and looking her best. She loved a good debate, and sat confidently at the table, casual in a pair of khaki shorts and a white cotton tee.

Rebecca Wanstedt was the woman that had become such a topic of discussion at the Parker kitchen table on this lovely morning. Ms. Wanstedt was running for mayor of Temple, and she was also a dear friend of Krendy's.

Although Carrie supported some of Wanstedt's policies and plans to improve the town, she couldn't get past the simple fact she was a transplant from Oklahoma City.

The issue shed light on Carrie's love of Texas, and Temple, and of course her family in particular. She always wanted to protect herself and her loved ones against any outside influences that could change their dearly-treasured way of life.

"I swear, Carr," Krendy told her friend, calling her Carr for short as she often did, even in a small but intense debate like this one. "If you would just give her a chance, you would love her. She could really make Temple better."

"Easy for you to say - you live in Houston," Carrie fired back gusto, smiling as she took a bite of crispy, buttered toast.

"I pleaded with her to move to Fall Creek - when they were starting that new development," Krendy argued, as the two young girls at the table rolled their eyes at one another, hoping this political discussion would soon end. "I would have loved to have her as a neighbor. God, you're lucky she lives out your way now."

Somewhat bored by the discussion, Janet and Maddy entertained themselves by making funny faces at one another. It was a spirited way to start the day.

But their mothers, however, were still caught up in their discussion.

"What would you say if I set up a meeting between you two, with you and Rebecca?" Krendy suggested to Carrie, proud that she had such pull with the mayoral candidate.

"Fine. If it will make you happy, Krendy, I'm all for it," Carrie teased, taking her plate and some of the other dishes over to the sink.

Deborah took that as a moral victory, but wasn't satisfied.

"What do you girls think? Are you as stubborn as my dear friend here, and wouldn't vote for Ms. Wanstedt simply because she's not a native Texan, or are you more liberated and advanced in your thinking and would realize she is simply the best person for the job, regardless of her place of birth?" Krendy asked, speaking both fluently and confidently.

"Krendy, dear, please don't break your ankles when you're getting down off your soap box," Carrie teased her buddy.

Deborah, in turn, tossed a wash cloth at her longtime chum.

"I'd vote for her," Maddy simply said, running her hand along her right leg, enjoying the feel of her cotton pajama bottoms.

"There, ya' see?" Krendy responded. "And what do you think, Janet?"

Carrie's precocious daughter, who was busy running her hands through her hair as she pondered how to wear it on this day, was somewhat caught off guard by the question.

"I don't know, Aunt Deb," she mumbled, tossing another home fry into her mouth. "I can't vote."

Both of the girls, still dressed in their PJ's, kept cracking smiles at one another, basically saying 'why are they asking us such serious questions. It's summer time for crying out loud?!'

"Hypothetically, darling," Krendy persisted. Janet took a deep breath and exhaled, groaning a bit, and then brought her hands down from her hair, letting them loudly smack her thighs.

"Um. I have to stick with my mom on this one - gotta have Parker unity," the girl said, smiling at her mother. "If she's not born here, then...I can't vote for her."

Krendy's persistence hadn't resolved anything - the issue was still split amongst the four present.

"Oh fooey, then we have a draw," she said.

Knowing that there wasn't likely to be anyone else weighing in on the topic, Krendy tried to change the opinion of the ones in the room.

"Carr, look at me, she was born in Oklahoma, 10 miles from the border mind you, then moved to Galveston when she was five - oh you're not even listening," Krendy laughed. "I give up."

Carrie, her lovely figure perfectly accentuated by her summertime attire, finished washing some of the dishes and now dried her lovely hands with a paper towel.

"Just let it go, Deb," she told her friend. "That's enough debating for today."

Krendy, for the moment, decided to be passive. She crossed her right leg over the left one, fidgeted with her skirt for a moment, and took a sip of her mint-flavored tea. But goodness, the issue was eating away at her.

Only a few moments of silence followed before Krendy pushed the friendly argument further.

"We need a tiebreaker," she said aloud. The women knew there was one more person in the Parker household that morning, possibly still in his bed, asleep. But he had become a very celebrated and popular figure, even in his absence.

"Where's Dick?" Maddy asked with a big smile. Janet grinned happily at her friend, as they both thought the same thing. Their minds dwelled on Richard's sexy, naked form.

Carrie and Ms. Krendall smiled as well, glad that Richard was again a topic of discussion. But Carrie knew this wasn't a topic Richard would really want to weigh in on.

"Oh I don't think Dick would care one way or the other," the lovely brunette had to admit, knowing enough about the interests of 18-year-old males to realize this would not be a conversation he'd be passionate about.

But as if on cue, the sound of footsteps came down the stairway and into the kitchen, and the women smiled at each other as they knew who was about to make his first appearance of the day.

"Dick!" Madison said happily as she saw the young man stride into the room.

Madison then saw Richard's naked, tan body, and she showed her appreciation with laughter and applause.

He still had a natural tendency to at first cover his privates with his hands, but as his days of training wore on - and he also realized that the women had already seen him naked on multiple occasions anyhow - his hands quickly fell by his sides, and his large penis was unveiled for all to see. "That's so great," Maddy said aloud. "Every day - just walks around in only his birthday suit."

"Why shouldn't he?" said Madison's mom, as she then aimed her glance in Richard's direction.

Krendy then took a quick look around the kitchen, seeing that the three women - and especially the girls - all had eager grins on their pretty faces, hoping that Krendy - given her suddenly brazen nature the night before - might voice her appreciation for Richard's full-frontal nudity. And she did not disappoint.

She looked back over at Richard, crossed her legs, slapped her knee and offered the young man one piece of advice.

"Why dontcha just let that big dork swing free."

The room erupted into laughter, and Krendy had found a new passion.

She loved being the one making the crude remarks, craved the attention and adulation it brought her. She had worked so hard her entire life to maintain such a pristine, matronly image. And now she affectively played off that image so well, making comments that were both funny and sometimes of a frank nature, and these amusing comments were so delightfully surprising when they came from her mouth.

Krendy was affectively diversifying her personality. She could be the most well-spoken woman in the room, and then seconds later be the life of the party. Her candid remark about Richard's anatomy also was a refreshing break from the political chatter that had begun to bore Janet and Madison.

"I have to say - you are frickin' huge," Maddy said with an adorable laugh.

Young Richard, as he had come to do often in the past week, proudly swung his hips, gently making his large organ sway from side to side.

"Oh, brother. Hon, have you ever considered calling the Temple Historical Society?" Krendy asked, poking a bit of fun as she bit into her jellied toast with an audible crunch. "I'm sure in their rows and rows of books and ledgers containing all kinds of news and nuggets about the area, they could find a place to make mention of the possible record-breaker you got there."

Janet and Madison burst out laughing.

"No, I'm serious," Krendy persisted, with a chuckle, gesturing to Richard's huge, dangling organ, its flaccid state bigger than most erections. "I mean, sheesh..."

Carrie heard their colorful comments, but gave them only passing thought because she knew Richard was not one to boast about his size.

"We'll all agree to say it's a whopper, and leave it at that," Carrie smiled, as she casually glanced down at Dick's enormous penis, and placed a plate of eggs, sausage and home fries down at his place at the table.

"It's a big, healthy, beautiful penis," Krendy added with a grin, as Richard's aforementioned organ fell out of sight underneath the table.

Everybody was now feeling loose and giddy, and still riding a high from the night before. It only took a few minutes before the activities of that magical evening were reminisced about.

"So, Dick, how'd ya' like your first Cee-Eff-Enn-Emm party last night?" Madison asked, over pronouncing every letter of the lovely acronym.

"It was awesome," he told her honestly, swallowing down a mouthful of scrambled eggs.

"He was a star," Carrie complimented her stepson.

"Oh Dick was great, but I think Aunt Deb stole the show," Janet remarked with glee.

A congratulatory round of applause followed, causing Krendy to jokingly stand and take a bow. Engulfing Richard's massive organ with her delicate but inviting mouth and then skillfully bringing it to climax deserved such praise.

"Last night was fun. It was definitely fun," Krendy said happily with a chuckle.

The attention then shifted back to Richard, and he thought he heard one of the ladies ask him a question but he couldn't quite make it out over all the excitement. He sat there with a blank stare as he felt eight beautiful eyes focused squarely on him.

"What?" he asked confused.

They all giggled.

"Deborah asked if it was all you hoped it would be," Carrie said to her stepson, speaking of Richard's first CFNM party.

Richard then glanced over at Ms. Krendall and, with the warm smile she gave him, he felt the question may have not only been referring to the party as a whole, but that she was also hoping he had enjoyed the intimate moments they shared together.

"Oh it was amazing," he gushed. "I would definitely do it again."

Ms. Krendall's smile widened, and she lovingly patted Richard lightly on the shoulder.

"It was quite a performance," she encouraged him. As Richard enjoyed his breakfast, every now and then there would be a brief silence. Everyone was sort of coming down to Earth and also trying to rev up for the day ahead. So at times, conversation was at a minimal, until Richard pushed it forward.

"Do you know what dorm you're staying in?" Richard asked Madison, looking right over at the perky, young brunette.

"Uh, Collins Hall. It's pretty cool, got like 500 students," she replied.

"Wow," he answered, taking his last bite of sausage as Carrie quickly took his plate from the table.

"All female of course," she added in sort of a bummed-out tone. "But the rooms are nice, movable furniture and stuff like that...Where you gonna be crashing at?"

"Oh, I think Martin Hall," Richard quickly replied. "Seems pretty nice."

"Cool. That's not far from me," Madison told him. Richard's appetite then took over, as he quickly devoured a full plate of eggs and bacon, then another.

The women got a kick out of how much the young man could eat.

"Ah, the appetite of a young, red-blooded male," Krendy said, openly voicing her appreciation of the spectacle before her.

"You go right ahead and eat as much as you want, Dick. We have plenty," Carrie told him, as she popped a stick of Dentyne chewing gum in her mouth.

Carrie then pulled up a chair and sat just a few feet from Dick. She didn't bother pulling her chair up to the table since Madison had taken up a lot of space with scattered brochures and other reading materials from Baylor, so Carrie just sat peacefully next to Richard.

The boy loved her khaki shorts, how they hugged her gorgeous thighs so perfectly. And when she walked about, her nice, big apple bottom danced around in those delightfully tight shorts. Almost like it was there just to tantalize him, and remind him time and time again just how sexy a woman's ass - even one entirely covered by clothes - could be.

"You like my shirt?" she asked her stepson innocently, tugging on her skimpy Cowboys tee and indirectly accentuating the outline of her big, luscious breasts.

"Oh cool," he said with great sincerity, swallowing down another mouthful of Carrie's deliciously-prepared scrambled eggs. "It's nice to see some Cowboys stuff around here, what with all this Oilers crap the last couple days..." He gave Maddy a kidding smile, and she took the bait.

"Listen, Dick, you badmouth the Oilers one more time..." she teasingly threatened him.

"And you'll do what?" he fired back, keeping the argument going, as it seemed to gain steam.

"I won't introduce you to any of my field hockey friends - how's that for starters?" she laughed. He piped down.

"Fine," he muttered, knowing he would indeed like to meet some of Maddy's gal pals.

Carrie offered a splendid smile in his direction.

"I do worry about Richard leaving home," she said honestly. "I mean he's a very outgoing young man with a lot of delightful qualities, but his two best friends are Barney and Craig and he's had them his whole life..."

"He's never really HAD to make other friends," Krendy said aloud, voicing her understanding of the situation.

"Exactly," Carrie said, "and now, it's gonna be a whole new world for him..."

"I think he'll adapt," Deborah said, looking over at Richard with an approving smile. "Boys adjust - they always do."

When Krendy said that, she was mainly referring to her belief that Richard would fit in at school, but everyone in the room also thought of Richard's ability to handle the responsibilities thrust upon him when he agreed to take part in Carrie's class.

The evidence was right before them, as Richard ever so calmly sat completely naked at the kitchen table, surrounded by four fully-clothed women. To this charming young man, the task was getting to be a breeze.

"Did Maddy tell you what she's gonna minor in, sweetie?" Carrie asked her wonderful stepson.

"No, mam," he dutifully answered.

Richard glanced over at Ms. Krendall, and noticed she rolled her eyes as her daughter was about to provide the answer.

"Agriculture," Madison said proudly. "Yeah - gonna be a farmer girl."

"Wow, you can work for 'Old Man' Custard," Richard joked, folding his hands on the table before him to further relax himself.

"Yeah, that would be far out," she laughed. "No, but seriously, I just wanna be able to handle living...in the country if it comes to that."

"I make us more urbanized, she wants to become more ruralized," Krendy joked as she poured herself some coffee from the pot.

"It's not that, Mom, I just...well God look at Aunt Carrie - she's like a regular Henrietta King," Maddy said adoringly, comparing her role model to one of the most famous ranchers in Texas history.

"I'm hardly that," Carrie jumped in, sounding humble.

"I could never do all the things around here you do, Aunt Carr," Maddy went on.

The discussion went on and on, as Maddy continued to elaborate on her desire to be balanced - to be completely prepared for a career in nursing, yet able to handle herself in a rural setting, since many of her relatives lived on farms or at least in a very country-like atmosphere.

"Well what do you learn?" her mom asked, doubting the worth of these classes.

"Oh God, everything," Maddy responded. "Harvesting crops, the economics of agriculture, simpler things like learning all the chief exports of the area...um, milking a cow..."

Krendy wasn't thrilled with the idea, and laughed a bit as if to say, 'sweetie, just take some economics classes instead - those will be more useful.'

Janet, feeling left out of this conversation for far too long, had to make her presence felt. "Wow, milking a cow. Geez, Maddy, that sounds like fun, totally..." Janet began. "But in the meantime, you can milk Richard - that will give you a head start."

She said it so easily, yet on the inside Janet was bursting with excitement with the idea she just came up with. Krendy and Carrie had to chuckle, and Madison was thrilled with the concept, even if it was offered in a joking sort of way.

Maddy pressed the issue further.

"By milking Richard, you mean..." she began, waiting for Janet to finish for her. "Masturbating his penis for quite some time until it delivers forth a gushing rush of ejaculate," Janet cleverly described, in both a clinical and sexy fashion.

"Mmm," sounds fun, " Maddy answered, as she loved the fact the moms weren't interfering with their racy discussion.

Maddy and Janet looked lustfully at Richard, loving it when he would flex his big pectoral muscles in the summer sunlight, which danced its way through the kitchen blinds. The two girls just sat there ogling young Dick, and Carrie and Krendy both had to stifle giggles.

"Settle down, you two," Carrie told her daughter and Maddy. "It's a little bit early in the day to be discussing 'milking,' and 'ejaculate' (laugh)."

"We have to build up to that," Krendy piped in.

"Exactly," Carrie added.

Then, there was an uncomfortable silence, as no one in the room knew what to say next. Richard just sat there quietly, glancing at Janet and Maddy, who both offered beaming smiles.

Carrie, very gracefully, made everyone feel at ease.

"I swear I could start a B & B here," she remarked, looking at the piles of dishes that accumulated near the sink. "It's obvious everyone likes my cooking. And I think most people would enjoy the scenery here."

Young Madison, who had to pry her focus away from Richard for the moment, nevertheless offered her support.

"It would be cool to open up a bed and breakfast in Temple, Aunt Carr," she said. "A lot of people visit on the way to Dallas or Fort Worth..."


"We're just a rest stop, is that what you are saying?" Carrie kidded her with a laugh, and much to Richard's delight, Carrie leaned back in her chair, crossing her legs to show off her beautifully-tanned, well-rounded thighs.

"No, no. I mean all the people flocking to the big cities - they would love to see a small town like this, see how nice and quiet and down to earth it is," Maddy, said, expanding on her original point.

Carrie took a relaxing sip of coffee.

"That is true - I think people would enjoy it here," she smiled. "We already have a spare bedroom, and with Dick moving in at school..."

"Aw, you're gonna rent my room out?" Richard asked dejectedly, nearly getting up from his seat.

Quite amusingly, Janet and Madison followed Richard's every move, anticipating him standing up, but to their chagrin, he remained seated, his penis still out of sight underneath the table. It was quite a tease.

"Sweetie, I'm just throwing ideas around, that's all," Carrie told her stepson. "You're gonna be gone eight months out of the year now - I don't think you would mind if some very nice people stayed in your room on weekends."

Krendy's interest in the topic picked up a bit.

"So you are really thinking about it?" she asked.

"I am. I really am," Carrie said, excited about the idea. "I've been thinking about it for a while now, and Neil and I have been laying out plans - we'll talk about it more when he gets back...That nice woman, Clara, who came to photograph my flowers - she thought we already were a B&B, the way the flowers were, the backyard - she really fell in love with our wonderful home."

Richard was happy for Carrie, but had trouble getting past the idea of renting out his room to strangers. Now it all made sense, why Carrie was so obsessed with cleaning lately - it was more than just tidying up for Ms. Krendall and Madison. Her intent was to get the house ready to become a bed and breakfast.

Richard was lukewarm on the whole possibility until Carrie sweetened the deal.

"And your father was talking about..." Carrie began, looking at Richard, "getting an in-ground pool."

"Oh no way!" the young man said excitedly, as Janet and Maddy also voiced their interest.

"But this will mean tearing the old pool and the deck down at the end of the summer," Carrie warned, "so we're all gonna have to chip in."

Janet rose up a bit from the table in excitement, and, as a result, stuck out her nice, full breasts a bit more. They filled out her bright yellow pajama tee very seductively.

"We're gonna have to use the old pool as much as possible then," the girl said very sexily, knowing that meant more afternoons of the boys skinny dipping in the presence of the women. "Give the old pool a big, final sendoff."

Carrie happily nodded her approval. As the excitement picked up, the girls nevertheless grew restless, with each passing moment.

They were so used to seeing Richard naked that any moment they couldn't see him nude seemed to last forever. And now the girls entertained themselves by dropping things underneath the table, just so they would have to bend down and retrieve the items, and catch a quick glimpse of Richard's enormous penis.

"Oh goodness look at that - I dropped a fork again," Janet snickered, then dropped down below to pick up the utensil. "I am just all thumbs today."

Maddy took her cue.

"Oops, my pen," she laughed, then followed suit by ducking her head underneath the table.

"Oh my goodness," she said while she was down below, no doubt sneaking a peak of Richard's humongous tool.

It lied along his leg, very relaxed but awesome to look at.

It didn't take long for Carrie and Ms. Krendall to pick up on what was transpiring.

"Alright, girls, enough - please don't mess up my nice silverware," Carrie urged with an amused laugh.

"But we can't...see it," Maddy objected with a frown.

Carrie smiled.

"His peter?" she giggled.

The girls snickered.

"Be patient young ones," Ms. Krendall piped in. "I'm sure you're gonna be seeing it an awful lot today."

Krendy then let out a very hearty laugh, which aroused Richard a great deal. He could tell she - as well as the girls - were thrilled with his full-frontal nudity.

The duties of the day soon intervened, and moved the pace of this delightful afternoon firmly along.

The girls went upstairs to get changed, and once they returned, Carrie made an announcement.

"Well I do need help from ya' all," she said laughingly as she arose from her chair and put her breathtaking form on full display, striding gracefully through the kitchen.

"Remember the little assembly line we did the other day?" she asked, alternating her glance back and forth between Janet and Richard.

The two young ones nodded in agreement.

"Well this one's gonna be even better," Carrie laughed. "Dick, I want you to go upstairs. You'll see all the boxes that we used to pack things away in - it's a whole row of them. Carefully - and I do mean carefully, bring each one down one at a time. Do NOT strain yourself. Just take your time. They're not heavy but just be careful. When you bring each one down, I want Maddy (looking in her direction) to bring them out to the kitchen. Janet, darling, I want you to tape them up, and then Krendy and I will take them out to the garage and try to make room for them."

The garage was already filled with a lot of clutter, but Carrie found it her duty to make order out of chaos.

"Sounds like a plan," Richard said happily.

As the group began to get up from their seats and take their aforementioned positions in this productive assembly line, Janet and Madison fixed their gaze upon Richard, who casually arose from his seat and stood upright in the middle of the kitchen.

The girls playfully clapped as they could once again see his beautiful penis.

"You know what it reminds me of - the way the girls carry on every time they see it?" Krendy said offhand. "One of those comedic sitcoms with the canned applause. As soon as his penis makes its presence known, it's like when the main character of the show walks in and the crowd goes nuts."

This only made the girls voice their delight to a greater degree.

"Your penis is like the Fonzy of the Parker house," Madison remarked.

Now basking in their adoration, Richard felt a warm glow from within.

He was beginning to love being the center of attention.

Carrie was about to talk, then started cracking up.

"The Fonzy of the Parker house. Wow," she laughed. "Well 'anyhoo,' if we could get crackin' guys, that would be just dynamite. I really want this place more organized by the time the sun goes down."

Carrie was so efficient - in her management of the house and the people within it, and also in regards to Richard's training. She was always making sure that his nudity was right in the flow with everything else. The girls would make comments about it, make their little jokes, but then everything would carry on in proper fashion.

As Richard made his first trip upstairs, he quickly saw the boxes that Carrie had made mention of. He took a peak inside and saw that one was filled with old Halloween costumes, one of which was Gene Simmons of Kiss. Richard cracked up as he opened the box and looked at the plastic mask, which was a pretty good likeness of his favorite lead singer. The black and white makeup, the little hole that allowed you to stick your tongue out and even wag it about - Richard remembered fondly the day he wore the amusing ensemble.

But it was time to experience new things, and pack away the past. He picked up the box and began striding downstairs.

He glanced down and saw young Madison waiting for him, and she had a pleasant smile on her face as her eyes were momentarily fixed upon his penis. She didn't let her stare linger though, and happily took the box from Richard and went on her way.

With the second box, however, a pattern formed. As Richard strode down the steps, Maddy instinctively - and without shame this time - stared openly at Richard's wang, which seemed to dazzle the young woman with its unconstrained movements.

"That's a whole lot of meat you're swingin' around," she laughed openly, staring down at his huge appendage as she took the box from him.

"Well I can't help it - I have a box in my hands," he scoffed, although he didn't at all mind this attractive young woman commenting about his organ.

Away she went, a giddy laugh fading into the distance. Richard gallantly ran up the steps to retrieve the next box, and patiently waited for Madison to return.

Richard suddenly began to realize that Carrie's assembly line was possibly designed with purpose, that she wanted Maddy to have some interaction with young Richard, that it would be fun and healthy for the two of them.

And the fact that where Maddy was stationed, she would be watching Richard go up and down the steps and moving and jostling all about, the boy could only laugh as he figured even that was done on purpose by Carrie.

As Maddy reappeared, Richard got an idea, and indulged himself. Carrie had told him not to carry more than one box at a time, but he nevertheless put one on each of his shoulders, and walked carefully down the steps.

It was one of the few times he did not heed Carrie's advice, but it paid off. She did in fact want him to be able to make decisions on his own, so in that respect, he was following right in line.

He was showing off his brawn to young Maddy, as he strode down the stairs, two big boxes resting upon his broad shoulders.

"Oh wow, you're so strong," she said with adoration as he neared the bottom.

With his arm muscles flexed, and his pecs also shining gloriously, this further allowed Madison an unobstructed view of his privates, which could never be ignored, especially when they moved about so freely.

"Ooo, it hit your stomach," she laughed as his animated organ was putting on a show.

"What hit my stomach?" he asked with a wry grin, purposely making her be more specific.

She gave him a smirk, as if to say 'oh you're putting me on the spot, buddy boy? Well, I'll one-up ya' then.'

"Your cock," she said freely and with emphasis, showing no hesitation in using a word of such a frank and provacative nature.

He loved it.

"Jeez, Maddy, I can tell you're not one to mince words," he laughed.

"Well, what do you want me to call it?" she asked rhetorically, firmly rolling her lips together as if to make sure they appeared perfectly full, and wet.

She did have wonderful pouting lips, which made everything about her face so perfect in proportion. Her piercing green eyes were seemingly a window to her relentlessly energetic spirit.

"This is one of the best times I've ever had in my life," she said with gusto, eyeing Richard's naked form from head to toe. "Scoring the winning goal against Chartiers-Houston last fall? Nah. This is much more invigorating."

Her smile was intoxicating. Richard was overjoyed that she enjoyed his nudity so much.

"You really like it?" he asked, flexing his midsection further out and thereby putting his dangling organ on greater display.

"Your cock?" Maddy asked, now intent on using the aforementioned penis euphemism as much as possible in order to break it in. "I love it. She said. It rocks."

They both laughed.

"Your cock rocks, Richard," she laughed, rhyming with reason.

It got quiet, but that was perfectly okay. Just watching Madison's eyes probe his lower half was Heaven in itself for young Richard.

"I used to wonder why you wore such long, baggy shorts," she openly chuckled, remembering Richard's habit of sporting baggy cutoffs, even when the weather - or the situation, like pickup basketball perhaps - called for something with a tighter fit. "I remember always thinking, 'isn't he hot in those things?' Plus isn't it kind of hard to run in those long, baggy shorts?"

She shook her head in awe, still captivated by his size.

"But now I know why," she laughed.

He was going to comment, but she continued her thought.

"You have a frickin' horse cock," she had to say, as if the sight before her demanded such a colorful description.

Her verbal stimulation of his organ was now relentless. Richard wanted to indulge himself further.

"So I guess 'cock' is your favorite word for it?" he asked.

Her eyes went off into the distance, like she was giving the question serious thought, and her full attention.

Richard then commented aloud, voicing his observations as to what amusing terms the other women around the house used to refer to his organ.

"Janet loves the word 'dick'...oh and my step mom, on the other hand, thinks 'schlong' is like the greatest accomplishment of the English language..."

Maddy burst out laughing.

"Well, all things considered," Richard pressed on, "what do you call it?"

Maddy leaned back on one leg, and smiled. She was still thinking but came to a conclusion.

"Ya' know, Richard, I'm gonna go with 'cock,'" she said with a big grin. "I like the way it sounds, the way it feels coming off my tongue (licking her lips as she spoke)...And to tell you the truth, it just sounds so ridiculously vulgar."

Richard loved her fun spirit.

"It's just like you, walking about completely nude," she remarked. "It seems so out of place, but yet, I'm really getting used to it...And I love it."

Richard sexily swiveled his hips for young Madison, making his muscular butt flex and bounce, and his big penis roll about effortlessly.

Richard's audience soon grew from one to four, as the other three women walked into the dimly-lit foyer and wondered what the holdup was. They soon saw the reason, with their own eyes.

"Is this Part Two of the show?" Krendy asked happily, fondly remembering the events of the night before.

"It does look like he picked up some more dance moves, doesn't it?" Carrie openly admired.

There was still one box left upstairs, and also the phone began to ring, but so entranced by Richard's moves, Carrie put their work on hold, and let the answering machine take the call.

"Do the um...oh what did Janet call it, where you swing it about...the helicopter!" Krendy requested.

"Oh that's everyone's favorite, I think," Carrie exclaimed, urging everyone into the living room so that they had more room.

Without any hesitation, Richard smoothly rolled his hips in a circular motion, and his long organ followed suit.

"Can you do it counter clockwise, switch it up a little bit?" Maddy suggested in a serious tone, although she was laughing on the inside.

The other women giggled at her playful request. Richard's penis swung about in such an unbroken, hypnotic fashion, it demanded some colorful commentary, which was delivered over high-pitched shrieks and jovial laughter.

"God, it's like he could use it as a lasso," Maddy said, cracking up but somehow composing herself just enough to speak.

"Totally," Janet laughed.

Janet took a seat on the sofa closest to Richard, and added depth to Madison's initial observation.

"There are a few steers that need cajoling," Janet said aloud, jokingly using a deep voice to emulate an old rancher.

She then playfully imitated what Richard might say in return.

"No problem, sir, I'll just use my dick."

And as he continued to whirl his fat, dangly organ about, it only made Janet's joke work that much better.

"It's all in the hips," Richard remarked, continuing his dazzling display.

"My word, this is amazing. You should be on 'That's Incredible,' hon," Krendy joked, cracking the others up. "Do you believe this kid, Carr? Dick, sweetie, it's not just the impossible length of your dork, but the way in which you use it that just makes my day - oh my God look at you go..."

So amused by Krendy's fascination with his wang, Richard's rhythm was disrupted, and he finally let his penis dangle freely between his muscular thighs.

"Okay, okay. Before this goes any further," Madison said aloud, "I have to point out that I am the only one in the room that has NOT gotten to play with it yet. Or even touch it for that matter."

Carrie gave the girl a sympathetic smile, as she fully understood the young one's desire to feel and caress Richard's wonderful naked body.

Richard's dear step mother then looked over at Krendy, basically asking the mom's permission to go ahead and let her daughter have a little fun, and experience new things.

"Well I guess it is time for her to get some hands-on experience," Krendy had to admit, as she walked over and took a relaxing seat on the couch. "And it will be under our supervision," Carrie said, settling any qualms her dear friend may have had. "It's all very natural."

The women began to assemble themselves in the living room, as Carrie sat down next to Krendy, Janet decided to recline in the rocker, and Maddy sat alone on the love seat.

Carrie urged Richard into the living room, and suggested he place a chair in front of young Madison and sit down.

It all seemed very ritualistic, as dear Maddy was going to have her very first experience bringing a male's cock to orgasm.

She was new to sex, still a virgin in fact. As Richard walked towards her, his naked penis dangling before her for her enjoyment, she still felt very much like this was some splendid dream.

"Before you ever have sex for the first time, sweetie, this will give you an idea of what we're working with," her mom encouraged her.

"I'll learn how to stimulate a man only using my hands, and the sound of my voice," Maddy said in a somewhat mocking way but making Krendy's point exactly.

"Well, it's true," her mom said. "This isn't about intercourse, hon. The time will come for that. This is about, ya' know, learning about mens' bodies...what makes them tick..."

Richard immediately winced.

"Oh please don't use the word, tick, around me," he said, remembering that night when he had one of the awful things lodged in his thigh.

Immediately everyone laughed.

"That thing was really in there, wasn't it?," Carrie remarked with a smile, recalling the tedious process of getting the aforementioned insect out of Richard's skin.

The lively brunette then leaned back in her seat chuckling.

"I'm holding the tweezers, Janet's holding the flashlight, Richard's holding his..."

Carrie had to stop and let out a big laugh. She then proceeded with a smile.

"Up and out of the way," she finished.

"Mother of Pearl," Krendy said, laughing at the detailed visual image her friend had created. "I wish I could have been there for that."

"Oh it was a scene," Carrie added.

As the women carried on their conversation, Maddy was having her own fun. She playfully batted Richard's penis back and forth as he remained standing before her.

As the other women looked on and watched her entertain herself, Madison took it up a notch and gently grabbed Richard's dangly member, placed her pointer finger and thumb around the base, and swung it about.

The ladies chuckled with excitement.

"You must play with this thing all the time," Maddy said to Richard as she continued to swing his organ.

"It's like his best friend, believe me," Janet said from across the room.

Madison was having so much fun with Richard that it caused Carrie to feel a little bad the girl had to wait so long to do so.

"You know I'm so engrossed with getting Richard acquainted with CFNM, I sometimes forget this is new to you two girls too," Carrie said, crossing those amazing legs as she freely spoke her mind.

"And it's new to me too!" Krendy added.

The girls giggled.

"Well you had your fun last night, didn't you, young lady?" Carrie teased her friend.

With encouragement from the rest of the females, Madison progressed from simply batting Richard's penis back and forth like a toy to caressing him to a full erection. She had him sit down before her, and then very affectively began stroking his lengthy rod.

"I love seeing it go from its soft and floppy state to a full-on erection," young Madison said, marveling how long her strokes were becoming as his penis began to extend, and extend.

"God, it's so frickin' hard, and thick!" the sweet young lady exclaimed, as she jerked Richard off nice and slowly.

"Aw, she's going for the two-handed technique, huh," Janet remarked happily, as Madison had both of her tiny but diligent hands wrapped around Richard's massive cock, stroking it up and down to a great degree of arousal.

"You gotta go with what works," Krendy said amusingly.

All three women were impressed with how fluid and natural Madison's strokes were, as Richard could only look up at the ceiling, closing his eyes every now and then while giving into the moment.

"You're doing great, sweetie," Carrie encouraged Maddy, who indeed was like a niece to her.

"And do bear in mind, hon, that most men's pricks will not be as epic as Richard's," Carrie informed her, causing a few snickers in the room. "We're giving you quite a lot to handle here, and you're doing wonderful."

As Madison began to pick up the pace and got even more enthusiastic about her task, the other women began to boast of their own masturbatory skills.

"I made him shoot across the pool," Janet shouted with glee.

"My favorite moment was when I was simply standing there, in my bathing suit, and Richard...got me from across the room!" Carrie remembered fondly of the other day. "It was just shooting out and shooting out!"

"Yeah, you got soaked," Janet admitted.

Their discussion had become so impassioned, it temporarily distracted Richard from his sexual splendor, and he offered his own comments.

"At least you could get out of the way," he said to Carrie. "Janet pinned me down and kept shooting me in the face with it."

This caused everyone to burst out laughing, and Janet was now even more proud of her accomplishment.

"I wouldn't let him move," she bragged. "I was just dousing his face with it, until it looked like he had clown makeup on..."

"Oh my word!" Krendy burst out.

Through all of this laughing and carrying on, Maddy never lost focus on her mission. She kept stroking Richard's enormous wang and looked forward to it relinquishing the kind of load the women bragged about.

And since they bragged so much, it only encouraged Maddy to want to top them, by any means necessary.

She again noticed Richard's lingering glances at her breasts. She teased him a bit by shimmying back and forth, making them bounce in her shirt for his enjoyment.

"You are so enamored with my breasts, aren't ya,' Dick?" she asked teasingly, looking up at him with those gorgeous green eyes.

He could only give her a guilty smirk, basically admitting 'yes, I am.'

Then, without any warning, or permission from her dear mother, Madison pulled her Oilers tee shirt up and over her head and tossed it aside, causing her large bosoms to bounce around very seductively in her black satin bra.

"Madison Catherine Krendall!" her mom announced, lightly scolding her daughter for this spontaneous act.

"Oh, mom, relax," the daughter said. "Dick loves my big breasts, dontcha, Dick? I just want to make sure I bring out the best in him."

"Oh you're gonna bring a LOT out of him, that's for sure," Janet quipped.

Krendy ceased her criticisms and offered an unsure look in her daughter's direction.

"She's fine," Carrie said to Krendy. "She's just having a little fun."

Madison looked so unbelievably sexy, showing off so much to Richard yet not showing anything at all. Her big breasts stared him right in the face, yet they were tantalizingly covered by just a thin piece of fabric.

"Oh God, they're so big," he mumbled aloud, his inner thoughts becoming vocalized.

The women had to chuckle.

"I think he really applauds your move," Carrie smiled, getting a kick out of Maddy's brazenness, and Richard's reaction to it.

"Hey, I wanna make this guy EXPLODE," Maddy said confidently as she jerked Richard off with great passion.

She then further explained her decision to lose her top.

"Hey, sometimes ya' gotta go the extra yard."

Carrie immediately glanced over at her daughter.

"Or 11 and a half inches anyway," the two said in unison.

They then both high-fived each other, delighted they were thinking the exact same thing. It wasn't the first time it happened.

"And! And! I might add," Madison began, "I saw how drenched you got last night when he erupted, and I don't want to ruin my tee shirt."

"She's taking precautions," Carrie laughed. Their enthusiasm spilled over to Krendy, who was now a little bit more at ease about the situation.

"Just be careful, hon," she told her daughter with an approving smile.

Maddy kept pumping away on Richard's huge rod, but wasn't quite satisfied.

"Dick, I want you to do something for me," she said very sexily, looking him right in the eyes. "I want you to slide your cock in between my breasts. Can you do that for me?"

Richard had this look on this face that suggested, 'I'll do anything for you, Madison.'

He just had to break himself out of a temporary trance.

"Oh what's he doin', what's he doin,'" Janet wondered aloud, watching the scene unfold before her. "Ha! She's gonna jerk him off with her boobs. I love it!"

"Madison Catherine, that's what your hands are for dear," Krendy said teasingly to her daughter.

"Oh shush, you, you used your mouth!" Maddy lovingly fired back at her mom, reminding her of when she administered some pretty hot fellatio to young Richard the evening before.

As Richard did as requested, placing his large pole in between Madison's two massive cups, Maddy gently took hold of her gorgeous bra-covered breasts, and pressed them snugly against Richard's huge cock.

There was seemingly an imaginary drum roll sounding, as the intensity, the arousal, and the anticipation just kept growing and growing and growing. So too, did Richard's dick.

"Oh that's nice, just slide that big cock in between my tits," the usually well mannered Madison said softly aloud.

Carrie and Janet, and even Krendy, had to smile, as they enjoyed seeing a young woman getting in touch with her sexual side.

"Your bra is so smooth," Richard said as he could feel his huge member being caressed and stimulated in a manner totally unique and new to him.

Maddy pushed her soft, fleshy mounds tightly against Dick's massive prick, providing it perfect friction as he slid it in and out, in and out.

"Oh God, it just poked me in the chin," she laughed as his longish organ worked like a slick piston, the precome affectively lubricating the head and top part of the shaft.

The size of Richard's dong, and the huge nuts that swung back and forth below it, provided quite an intimidating sight for young Madison, a girl that was plenty curious about the male sex organ but quite new to it as well.

"I'm getting kind of scared," she said with a nervous titter. "I don't know what this thing is capable of..."

"Oh, relax," Janet teased her. "You're such a scaredy cat. For Heaven's sake, I heard you closed your eyes through the last hour of 'Tourist Trap!'"

"Hey, mannequins freak me out!" Madison argued back with a laugh, speaking of the recent slasher flick.

Any nerves Madison may have begun to feel were quickly absorbed by the growing sexual energy. Her affect on Richard was getting more and more powerful.

"Oh God, Maddy, I'm gonna come," he announced to not only her, but in affect the rest of the room as well.

"This is it? This is it?" Maddy double checked with him, as if they braced for a massive explosion.

"Okay, okay, here goes," Maddy whispered. "Oh God, I'm kinda nervous."

Dick kept sliding his massive meat right in between her lovely breasts, making sure that he was at his ultimate peak of arousal when he met his climax.

The young man thrust his head back in ecstasy as he felt the first rush of ejaculate burst from his huge dickhead. It was such a huge amount, and shot forth with such momentum, that it splashed against the underside of Maddy's pretty chin, and sprayed against her beautiful tits.

"Shit!" she said with great surprise, as the other three women looked on like they were anticipating the grand finale of Temple's annual 4th of July fireworks show.

"Oh my God, this is gonna be insane," Janet said as she stumbled getting up from the rocker.

The second come shot was even more overwhelming, and hit Maddy directly in the forehead, leaving tiny rivulets of semen running down her pretty face in every direction.

The third rope of ejaculate sailed right over Maddy's head and hit the wall directly behind her, which dazzled the small crowd of enthusiastic women in the room.

"Jesus Chr-," Maddy began to say, but was then unable to speak coherently due to a huge amount of semen that splashed right into her open mouth.

"Oh he got her in the mouth!" Janet gushed, laughing playfully at her dear friend.

The warm puddle of come sat on Maddy's accommodating tongue, as she remained still, eyes closed, wondering what to do with it. A brave girl, she easily closed her mouth and swallowed it down, enjoying the taste as it slid quickly down her throat.

"Oh God!" Richard grunted, as he continued to climax all over young, gorgeous Madison.

Another rope of come hit her chin, another surpassed that one and drenched her right cheek. Now intent on rewarding the source of his arousal, Richard grabbed his mammoth cock and came all over the tops of Madison's impressive bosoms. As large as her tits were, Richard's come covered them, at least what was exposed of them. The top of each of her huge melons was slick with a thick white paste, and there was so much of it that the copious amount now ran down into Maddy's bra and began to drench the fabric.

Richard continued to jerk his prodigious prick and let Madison receive the warm, wet reward, as another rope splashed against her nose, then another arced higher and landed in her hair.

"Oh not my hair!" she playfully whined. Krendy, Carrie and Janet were loving the show, amazed at how each time they thought it was over, Richard's spectacular schlong reared back and fired again.

"Flopper just won't stop," Janet laughed, clapping her approval while jumping up and down. "It's those big nuts he has," Carrie remarked. "They must store - oh, another one (laugh), oh and another, oh, sweetie, your hair is getting (laugh)..."

The women couldn't contain their enthusiasm as they watched Madison get doused with one massive volley of come after another, long thick ropes that traveled with a great momentum and then landed with an impressive, majestic splash. Even as Richard now passionately stroked his lengthy rod, squeezing out every last drop of his substantial seed, a pretty good amount dripped down onto the upper part of Madison's soft, tan legs, right on her lap.

"Oh God, your fucking horse penis almost drowned me!" the girl belted out, arms raised and eyes still closed, come running down over her eye lids.

"It's part of your initiation!" Janet answered with glee, as Carrie and Krendy both had to smile as well. "Welcome to the frickin' club!"

Madison enjoyed it a great deal. She laughed to herself when thinking how this experience reminded her of the first time she rode the flume at Six Flags in Dallas. She was excited and scared at first, but it gave her quite a rush. And on this occasion as well as that one, she was left soaking wet.

"I really should have worn a poncho," the girl said as she got up from the love seat, come running down her breasts, her face, her neck and even her arms.

Carrie laughed heartily at the young one's remark.

"Dick, for Heaven's sake, lead her up to the bathroom," urged the caring young woman.

"Sweetie, Madison? Look at me, darling. Why don't you jump in the shower?"

Maddy wiped her eyes enough to be able to open them, and acknowledge Carrie's suggestion.

Richard took the young girl by the hand and led her upstairs to get cleaned up and dressed into something dry. Upon reaching the bathroom, Madison thanked Richard for his kindness and jokingly slapped his penis, also thanking it for the fun it had helped create.

"We'll be downstairs," the young man said, handing Maddy her bag so she could get changed after her shower.

"See you in a little while, Dick," she smiled back, as Richard noticed how Madison was quite a contrasting figure at the moment: she possessed such a sweet and polite demeanor, all the while huge amounts of semen trickled down her angelic face.

It was the result of some pretty wild - yet perfectly controlled - CFNM activities. And they were just getting started.

After cleaning himself up a bit in the small but adequate bathroom just inside Carrie's master bedroom, Richard trotted back down steps, his usual joy and happiness glowing even brighter now.

"Thank you for escorting my daughter," Krendy smiled, "not only to the upstairs bathroom, but into the wonderful world of CFNM."

"It was my pleasure," he remarked gladly.

"This is a new journey for all of us, isn't it, Dick?" Carrie immediately added with a grin, implying that 'yes, it was new for Maddy, but it's also a heck of a new experience for Richard too.'

"I think he's learning the ropes," Janet smiled, rubbing Richard's muscular shoulders from behind. Krendy immediately found humor in what the young one said.

"Learning the ropes? He's shooting them - shooting ropes is what he's doing," she said, now bending over chuckling.

They could all just sit back and laugh, as the four relaxed a bit after witnessing quite an explosion. Carrie and Janet sat side by side on the couch closest to the window, while Krendy and Richard shared the love seat.

Krendy, possibly to give Richard a little show, very casually but also very affectively, uncrossed her legs and then crossed them again, showing off her lovely stocking-clad limbs to the young man. She even pulled up her skirt a few inches to readjust it, but in affect showed off some thigh.

Richard longed to see her just rip that skirt off, and imagined that those black stockings she had cut off mid-thigh, right where those luscious thighs started to get really big around.

'Aw, so sexy,' he thought to himself.

"Well I know my dear Madison was eventually gonna be at a party, a club, or some type of get-together where there was in fact a male stripper," the lovely Ms. Krendall remarked, "so that first stripper she sees might has well been our wonderful Richard here."

Carrie and Janet whole heartedly agreed, and were thrilled that Madison's experience had climaxed at such a high level.

"She definitely knows how to excite a guy," Janet said, with a mock understated sort of way. "God, it looked like she was in a toothpaste factory...and it exploded."

Krendy could only shake her head, smiling and wincing all at the same time.

"Well I guess she wanted to experience something new," the mother reasoned aloud.

After Madison soon returned, everyone just sat in the living room and continued to chat. For a good hour or so in fact.

No television, no radio, just chat.

This is worth pointing out because it very affectively displayed just how at ease everyone was with Richard's full frontal nudity. It had become customary.

It would be moderately noticed for a little while, then talked about, then the center of attention, and then things would escalate to the point where he was allowed - and given - release. And then things would return to normal once again, getting him used to the ebb and flow of CFNM. Sometimes the male is naked and the center of attention, sometimes he is naked and fades into the background. But the one consistency is that he is always naked.

This pattern was clearly getting him conditioned, as the class drew near. Richard in fact began to forget what it was like to put clothes on each day. While the women figured out each and every day what they wanted to wear, sometimes changing outfits once or twice a day in fact, Richard was always nude. And along with it being mandatory because of the regiment Carrie had laid out for him, it was also becoming sort of comfortable. Krendy clearly noticed this change in Richard's demeanor.

"Well look at you," she remarked, again crossing those stocking-covered legs in a sexy fashion, while gently shoving aside a Bee Gees 8-track casette that was wedged in between the couch cusions.

"You look so nice and relaxed, Dick," she told the charming young man. "Gosh the first time you came down here nude, you were about as nervous as a long-tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs."

Everyone cracked up, and even Richard had to smile while remembering his lingering shyness. Krendy gladly looked down at Richard's naked penis, its tubular thickness stretched out down along the entire length of his muscular thigh.

She giggled, showing a little bit of her girlish side, basically saying 'ha-ha, I can see you but you can't seem me!'

Richard picked up on this and only indulged her further, spreading his legs out even more to further accentuate his naked organ.

She giggled again, more audibly.

Krendy also noticed other aspects of Richard's amazing young body.

"Goodness, you have gotten so much bigger since the last time we visited," she remarked, in affect complimenting him for his muscular build.

"Yes, Ms. Krendall," he answered her. "Trying to build my body up a bit."

"I can see the results," she smiled, rubbing his leg and causing his penis to twitch a bit.

Suddenly, the phone rang, and Carrie left the task of answering it to her eager stepson, who gladly stood up and walked confidently to the kitchen.

As Richard walked about, the women couldn't help but focus their attention on his big, swinging dong.

"Honest to God, it looks like Big Ben's clanger, doesn't it? The way it swings out over his thigh like that?" Krendy remarked once Richard was out of earshot, even though the comment probably would have cracked him up.

Carrie nearly spit out her tea.

"That's another good description for it," Janet laughed, pulling her knees up against her chest while kicking back in the sofa.

"It does in fact have a very captivating, pendulous swing to it, I have to say," Carrie remarked, in a jokingly dignified fashion.

As the women carried on in the living room, Richard was dealing with an interesting conversation in the kitchen.

"Dude, have you talked to Barney at all?" he heard Craig ask him over the phone.

"Um, no, not today," Richard responded.

"Shit. No, no, it's no big deal - I tried calling you earlier but no one answered," Craig explained. "Barney's mom called me, said she hasn't seen him all day. She asked me but I hadn't seen him either. I'm sure he's just...out driving somewhere."

Richard was a bit concerned, but figured it was typical Barney, doing something spontaneous and possibly brash but eventually landing on his feet.

"I'm sure he's okay, dude," Richard told Craig. "I'll let you know if I hear from him."

"Thanks, man," Craig answered.

Richard decided to keep this news of a missing Barney secret from the rest of the group, since he didn't want to concern Carrie. Richard just knew Barney must be okay, and somehow had a feeling that he was up to something...possibly good. In the meantime, Dick Parker resumed his role of a night before as lovely young butler, and he went about fixing some iced tea and assorted fruits, including fresh strawberries and peaches, for the women of the house.

They were delighted with his return.

"See, this is what is so special about him," Carrie said lovingly, as each of the women sampled some of the many delights Richard had assembled for them. "Richard gives without any thought of reward."

He simply basked in their affection, finding it a very warm and comforting place.

"Delicious, Richard, really," Krendy told him, as she dipped a strawberry in the big tub of cool whip Richard had brought for their enjoyment.

"Wow, strawberries and cream - this is like being at Wimbledon," Madison said happily, rocking gently back in forth in the rocker.

"Oh I would have loved to go this year - Chris Evert almost won," Krendy said, while enjoying a slice of a ripe, juicy peach. "I absolutely love her. She is such a gutsy player."

"H-have you gone to Wimbledon, Ms. Krendall?" Richard asked the well-educated and cultured woman.

"Oh don't get her started," Maddy piped in.

"Seven times since 1969," Krendy told Richard. "Once I went, I was hooked. Just so lovely - the atmosphere, Center Court, the people you meet. It is breathtaking, really breathtaking."

"When did...Wimbledon first start?" Richard asked, as he stood in the middle of the room, waiting to see if any of the women needed anything.

He now also tried to make conversation.

"Well, dear," Krendy told him without hesitation, as she once again proved to be a human history book. "The first Lawn Tennis Championship in the world was held on the lawns of the All England Club in July 1877 - "

"Oh here we go, class is in session," Maddy teased.

"Well?" Krendy replied, meaning 'hey, Richard asked, didn't he?'

The conversation had turned a bit drab for Janet's tastes, so leave it to the sprightly young one to counter balance with a joking jab.

"I bet Richard would look great in a pair of tennis shorts," she remarked with a smile.

There were a few titters, a few nervous laughs, as if something needed to be said.

"Well, yeah...I mean they would have to be really long tennis shorts wouldn't they?" Krendy commented innocently.

Now the laughter intensified.

"No, I'm not trying to be a smart alec here, by any means," Krendy persisted. "Just given, your proportions, darling..."

"He could use it as an extra racket," Madison suggested, speaking of his enormous male organ.

"Oh good Lord," her mom laughed.

As if the amusing conversation called for some physical humor, Richard playfully swiveled his hips from side to side, causing his large penis to do the same.

Ms. Krendall's eyes darted back and forth, like she was right back at Wimbledon following a bouncing ball. Only this time, she was captivated by something else.

"You have a third leg, my dear boy," she said in a jokingly proper tone. "Not even the slightest bit hard and it's...Good grief..."

Carrie got Richard's attention.

"Sweetie, tell her, Janet and I did give some thought to measuring your very special endowment while it was completely relaxed, didn't we?" the woman asked her stepson with a smile, remembering fondly the efforts made by she and her daughter to fully gauge Richard's whopping willy. "But we were unsuccessful, weren't we? Tell Krendy what happened."

Richard shrugged his shoulders, as if to say, 'well, there's really no other way to put this.'

"I got hard," he simply said.

The ladies found it so humorous how the boy had little control over his big unit, that the simple sound of a clucking measuring tape got him extremely aroused.

"It was probably the fact that by measuring it, you were obviously drawing a heck of a lot of attention to it," Krendy reasoned.

"Exactly," Carrie answered.

Sure, there was always a reason, but Richard's unexpected and frequent boners now became the focus of conversation for the next 20 amusing minutes or so, to the extent that Ms. Krendall beckoned for more input.

"Darling, I do not at all mean to pry," the school teacher began so nicely, urging him to sit back down next to her, which he gladly did. "But I can't help but imagine, that at one time or another, the remarkable size of your dick became somewhat of an inconvenience?"

"A hindrance?" Maddy added.

"An obstruction?" Janet chimed in.

Richard had to smirk. He knew in fact the girls had tapped into something very substantial.

"Do indulge us, sweetie," Carrie said, crossing her legs and letting her delicate hand rest on her knee. "Remember, we're laughing with you, not at you, darling. You must have one story to tell."

"One story?" Richard scoffed. "Shucks, I have a whole library."

The women were overjoyed, and eager to hear Richard's amusing anecdotes. He saw all the smiles on their faces, four sets of eyes looking right back at his.

He was a bit nervous, wondering which story he would pick to amuse them with. He was also shy about opening up.

"If it will get the ball rolling, Rich, I have to tell you I've had my share of stares aimed at me," Maddy admitted, while running her fingers along her tan right thigh, and also sticking her chest out proudly. "As you can imagine, chasing a little white ball across a grass field at full speed doesn't exactly work...when you're built like me."

Madison glanced down at her own breasts, even in awe of them herself.

Richard's mind immediately imagined the bright and beautiful picture Madison had just painted - the beautiful brunette in her tight, little field hockey outfit, her hair done up in a pigtail, her big breasts bouncing and shaking in the afternoon sun...

Yes, Richard could definitely sympathize with her - she must have had a lot of guys checking her out.

"Luckily, there aren't too many horny high school boys hanging around girls field hockey games," she laughed, "so it wasn't too bad."

The southing sound of laughter followed, evidence that everyone had appreciated Maddy's contribution to the conversation.

Richard suddenly wished he had more of an interest in field hockey the past few years and regretted never going to any of Maddy's games.

"You better come see me play next year, Richard," she told him.

"Man, the way you described it, I'll get season tickets," he teased.

The room was filled with laughter once again, and Richard's chemistry with Madison was building more and more by the second.

Still, he was reluctant to open up.

"We're waiting, Ritchie," Maddy persisted, speaking in a sexy, alluring voice. "We want to hear some stories."

"Spin us a few yarns," Krendy smiled.

Richard felt more at ease, took a deep breath, and prepared to speak.

Carrie made it easier for him, with a simple analogy.

"Consider this an intervention," she said, grinning warmly at him. "I know you said before that there were some embarrassing moments for you growing up, because of your size. I think sharing these moments with us will help you feel more comfortable about your body, Dick. Each and every one of us is just a little different - God makes us all very unique. And special. Once you embrace this, it's yet another bridge you've crossed in your preparation."

"I won't be so embarrassed to walk into that class," Richard said, wanting Carrie to know he understood her reasoning.

"Well the class, yes, but also in your adulthood as a whole, sweetie," she said. "I want you to be happy with who you are, and all of the many passions that run deep inside you."

As Richard began to speak, the four beautiful women waited eagerly with anticipation.

"Well, bicycles have never been fun," he mumbled, just trying to get the ball rolling.

Already a few titters could be heard, as the girls craved to hear more.

"Does it hang down into the spokes?" Madison kidded her dear friend.

"No, no," Richard said over an outburst of chuckling and shouting.

"It's just uncomfortable sometimes," he admitted. "I mean, riding a bike, well...I'm usually gonna have on tight-fitting shorts if I'm doing some serious riding, like up through Ferguson Park or what have you. So I kind of..."

Richard paused for a moment to catch his breath, and again saw four sets of glistening eyes staring back at him, eager to hear his inner thoughts.

"I mean with shorts like that, it's kind of tough to...it has nowhere to go," he laughed.

"Totally," Madison agreed, with a giggle. "When you wear shorts or jeans - "

"What kind of jeans do you prefer, hon, Lee or Jordache?" Krendy asked kiddingly.

"No seriously though," Madison continued. "When you wear shorts or jeans, whatever brand they may be, don't you have to sort of let your dork hang down one leg or the other?"

It tickled the young girl to no end to be asking the boy such a crude question. But given the size of Richard's endowment, the question was perfectly valid. And Maddy spoke with such a glorious smile, it made Richard feel further at ease.

"Pretty much," he said in response to Madison's delightful query.

"Do you like, flip a coin? Like to decide if you're gonna wear it on the right or left?" said the ever playful Janet.

"No, no," again Richard said, once more trying to speak over the fun-spirited laughter of the women in attendance. "I just go with...what's comfortable."

"Poor thing, this is probably the most comfortable thing for it," Krendy added, gesturing to Richard's soft, dangling organ. "I think it enjoys being freed."

She was being a bit folksy, but in affect urging Richard more to feel totally comfortable about his nudity. It was not at all Ms. Krendall's or Carrie's intention to brainwash young Richard, as they wanted him to be able to make decisions for himself and be his own person, but they were clearly letting him know they felt that there was a certain rightness, and a well-defined beauty and majesty involved with the concept of fully naked men enjoying the company of fully-clothed women.

"What about balling it up in the front, hon?" Krendy said to Richard, providing him a fashion suggestion when he did in fact have to wear pants. "Does it show up...much too pronounced?"

"Looks like I've stuffed a grapefruit in my pants," Richard quickly responded, mincing no words.

"Oh for Heaven's sake," Krendy laughed. Richard bucked his hips up and down, making his donkeyesque member bounce about in a frenzied fashion.

"I would imagine you would in fact have a little trouble fitting that dangler in your Wranglers," mused darling Ms. Krendall, evoking another eruption of laughter and shouting.

Carrie briefly left the room and returned with a big bowl of popcorn, only enhancing the idea that the women were enjoying some great entertainment. And Richard didn't mind being the center of attention.

"There was one time where I felt like showing off," he admitted with a naughty smile.

"Do go on," Janet prodded with a grin.

"I was headed to the Temple Mall, and I needed to return a pair of shorts that Aunt Nicole got me," Richard began, speaking of his dad's younger sister.

"Oh I remember, Dick, you said they were too tight," Carrie said, enjoying her snack and then passing the bowl around so the others could have some as well.

"Yeah," he said, as if 'a little tight' was an understatement. "But then I got an idea...I figured why don't I keep the shorts just for fun? I mean I looked...it looked...so ridiculous in them, so I thought it might be fun just to walk around somewhere - the Temple Mall perhaps - and see, you know, the kind of reactions I got..."

"Do share with us how this experiment worked out, Sir Isaac Newton," Madison smiled, moving forward in her seat.

"Well, it was something," Richard admitted. "I mean, I almost felt naked, because my dick was really really showing..."

"Bulge City?" Carrie asked with a big grin.

"Yeah, totally, like snaking all the way down my leg," he told the women. "It was either wear it that way or kind of roll it up in front, which kind of made my bulge look like, I don't know, almost like a huge fist."

"Ha-ha-ha oh my good Lord," Krendy exclaimed, bending over laughing.

"I mean some people noticed, but the ones that did really LOOKED," Richard smiled, his face blushing a bit as he remembered his sudden brazenness that day. "A couple high school girls laughed and pointed, an older women, maybe like in her 40's, did a double take, her eyes almost popping out of her head...another couple girls came up and pretended to ask me for directions but I could tell their other friends just dared them to go up and talk to me. They were asking where the Roy Rogers was, and as I'm pointing it out, they're just staring at my bulge."

"Classic," Maddy laughed.

"And you were just walking about in the mall?" Carrie asked, trying to set the scene.

"Mm-mmm," Richard nodded. "Once I saw that a particular woman or girl was looking, I kind of stopped walking, let them look a little bit..."

"Oh you naughty boy," Ms. Krendall teased.

"It's like the closest thing you could get to just walking around the mall completely nude," Janet reasoned.

"Right," Richard agreed.

The women found this admission delightful, and worthy of their praise.

"You were experimenting, dear. Experimenting with your CFNM desires," Carrie said, in a very matronly and nurturing fashion. "There is definitely nothing wrong with that. And you did it in a place where the women felt safe, and you weren't overly aggressive or obnoxious about it. You were subtle and casual about it. Very nice."

Janet nodded in agreement with her mother, and then offered her own take on Richard's experience.

"See, this just totally clashes with Richard's usual demeanor, which is great," the young one said, fidgeting with her shirt a bit and indirectly making her lovely boobs bounce just a tad. "Richard has never wanted to be known simply as the guy with the big penis. In fact my mom and I had no clue about it until had had a tick right next to it. So the fact you went to such great lengths - believe me, no pun intended - to show off your huge prick, I think it kind of contrasts wonderfully with your personality. Kind of hot."

"And, I might add," said the mother, who was happy with her daughter's assessment but wanted to make one thing clear, "that no matter what your size, sweetie (looking at Richard), the important thing, and what is special, is that you wanted to show off what you had. Doesn't matter if it's small or big...a cocktail weenie or a footlong, just be happy with what God gave you."

Richard nodded with a grin, taking to heart what Carrie had told him.

The young man stood with a certain feeling of accomplishment, happy that he had entertained the women, and his demeanor also let Carrie know that he was feeling more and more comfortable with his body and desires.

But Ms. Krendall still probed for more.

"Locker room stories," she announced casually, gently taking off her shoes and letting her stocking-clad feet rest on the soft rug. "There has to be one funny story you have, honey, about, hanging out with the guys, in the shower or what you have you...and everyone taking note and maybe even mentioning...you were the biggest in the bunch?"

"Mom!" Maddy laughed, covering her face with a pillow.

"I think you have a thing for comparison stories, don't you, Krendy?" Carrie teased her best friend.

"Well? So what," the woman fired back, crossing her legs to appear she was completely comfortable with her request. "I know what goes on. I know as well you guys do, men compare their schlongs. It's just like women comparing their breasts. It's only natural."

As the women chuckled about Krendy's persistence to hear more of Richard's accounts, he in turn was checking out the woman's sexy, little feet, as she curled her toes up against the rug, making herself feel at home, and at ease.

Richard, meanwhile, was once again the center of attention, but he delivered with poise.

"I do have a measuring story," he boldly announced.

"Really?! Oh my goodness, darling, do go on," Ms. Krendall happily said, relaxing back in her seat a bit.

"Well it was just two guys, being idiots I suppose," he laughed, "having a measuring contest in the locker room one day after gym. I basically wanted no parts of it, and then all of a sudden another dude I knew panted me from behind, and...it was out."

"Your dick?" Ms. Krendall asked excitedly.

"Yeah. It flopped out would probably be a better way of putting it," Richard added with a laugh.

"Naturally," Krendy answered, smiling brightly.

"So what happened?" Madison asked, pushing the story further.

"Well, before I know it, guys are chanting 'Richard has a...'" he began, knowing what he was about to say was quite crass, but realized he could be open with the women.

"They were chanting 'Richard has a donkey dick. Richard has a donkey dick,'" he went on.

Janet and Madison had to laugh, while Carrie and Krendy - although amused - were more introspective.

"How did that make you feel, sweetie? Embarrassed, isolated...proud?" Krendy asked with a smile.

"I mean, they were just joking around, so it was kind of funny," he said. "It was a bunch of guys I wasn't gonna see for much longer so I didn't care about what they knew about me. If Barney and Craig had been there it would have been weird...I guess I never wanted to draw much attention to myself is all."

Carrie nodded, understanding Richard's adolescent shyness. Neil often spoke of being the same kind of way when he was younger, and he was grateful to Carrie for bringing the exhibitionist desires out in him.

She was doing the same for Richard, only at a younger age.

"Now see the only reason I asked you about these kinds of situations, Dick, is that when I think about the whole comparison issue, guys standing around nude, doing a little boasting," Krendy spoke aloud, "I fantasize about being there..."

She glanced around the room, making eye contact with each and every person for greater affect. She then finished her thought, with emphasis.

"Only in my fantasy," she continued, "I am the judge."

"Yeah, Mom!" Maddy immediately said, thrilled with her mother's sudden brazenness.

Darling Deborah had to laugh at herself, happy she had shared her thrilling fantasy. And she added to it.

"I do fancy myself in a sexy, but not overly revealing bathing suit," she began. "No, seriously, I do - walking back and forth, along a row of completely naked men. Everything God bestowed upon them just glistening brightly in the summer sun. Dear me, they all beg to see me naked, but I just smile and continue my sexy prancing. I even tease them by running my finger underneath one of the shoulder straps to my suit, and pretend I am going to pull it down. Only I keep it on, and wag my finger at them for being so naughty. I say only the man who impresses me the most will get to see me nude, and have me. So I have them all flexing and posing and...throbbing...for my attention.

"I look for my winner. And I don't base it strictly on the strongest, or the biggest, or the longest...just who fascinates me the most. I strike up a conversation with each of them, seeing who can make me laugh or make me blush. I look into each of their eyes, I run my fingers through their hair or maybe one has a shaved head and I playfully rub it. I make them do a twirl, so I can check out their butts. I make them dance, to make them jiggle. I gently squeeze each of their behinds, like I'm picking out produce - oh God I can't believe I'm sharing this fantasy! But I proceed...I touch their muscles, their arms, thighs. Oh when I touch their thighs, they really get excited. Amazing what my tiny little fingers can do."

"Jeez, this is some long line of men you have to judge," Maddy jumped in, herself imagining such a scene.

"Well...that's just my little fantasy is all...since we're all sharing things," Deborah said, letting out a big sigh of relief as if she was glad to express her desires in such a vivid, explicit manner.

Janet noticed something, and immediately chuckled.

"Uh, Ms. Krendall, I think 'Flopper' liked your story," she said.

With that, Krendy looked over at Richard, and saw that he was kind of leaning to one side, casually trying to conceal a massive boner.

The young man was so turned on, so entranced by Krendy's fantasy that he simply could not hide his appreciation for it.

"Goodness, Richard, don't tell me my story did this?!" Krendy said with fascination, looking openly at his huge, bouncing erection.

"Oh, Richard," Carrie laughed, as she too noticed that her stepson's prick had again risen to its fully-erect state of 11 and a half inches.

She then looked at the boy, with an amused smirk on her face. But the look she gave him also suggested that she knew he needed to make strides in his development.

"Sweetie, you really need to learn how to pace yourself," Carrie told him delicately. "Just a moment ago, you were nice and relaxed. Now you look like you're suffering."

"He's aching for release again," Janet said, expanding on her mother's point.

The women patiently tried to increase Richard's stamina, and help him go longer stretches without needing release, and they did this, in fact, by being passive.

They took the attention away from Richard, and his very noticeable hard-on, and placed it back on Deborah, and her enchanting fantasy.

"That is something, Ms. Krendall," Janet told her. Madison, waiting patiently for a break in the conversation, affectively voiced her input.

"I think the thing that I really appreciate about CFNM," she began, before taking a deep breath, "is that it's so brutally one sided."

With that, Janet let out a wicked, satisfied laugh, but then Maddy felt she better clarify her comment.

"Well I shouldn't say brutal - that sounds kind of mean. It's just...I love how the women are totally in control over the men. You know what I mean?"

"The parties are definitely catered towards the women," Carrie smiled, trying to take Maddy's point and tighten it into a simple, direct statement.

"I mean, I'm sorry but female nudity has been exploited for yeeeeeeears. A long, long time," Maddy said with a greater feeling of confidence. "It's about time the men get nude. You know how many movies I've seen where they just...seemingly throw in a shot of a woman's naked breasts just for the sake of showing some boobies?"

Richard, the boyish sense of humor inside him taking over, had to chuckle.

"No, I'm serious," Maddy said. "Female nudity is so commonplace. But God forbid if..."

"They show a few naked penises, and all of society would crumble," Janet jumped in, voicing her frustration with the nudity double standard that had long gripped mainstream culture.

"Very good points, ladies, and well taken," Carrie said, happy that the girls were not afraid to speak up. "I understand your disappointment when it comes to the inequality in how men and women are portrayed in magazines, on television, in movies, etc. All we can do, guys, is live our lives and hope that we make a change, little by little. Mainstream culture, as you say, well, that's a big cookie to crack. That's gonna take some time to change the tide there. Hopefully someday things are a little bit more equal. All we can do is - "

"Make Richard suffer for all the crimes of man," Janet said in a somber tone.

Everyone knew she was only kidding, but Carrie was a little miffed she had been interrupted.

"I'm joking, Mom, God! Dick knows I'm only joking," Janet remarked.

"I was going to say, young lady, that we should not only enjoy the benefits of a CFNM lifestyle, but also encourage men to do the same. And the ones that join us on this journey, we should nurture, every step of the way," Carrie said, her words sounding like beautiful poetry to young Richard's ears.

"Can I add something?" he asked humbly.

"Of course, sweetie, go right ahead," Carrie encouraged him.

"I just wanna say that, given the fact I am kind of a CFNM addict," he began, causing the women to giggle, "it may seem like I would be over-subservient to women. Like I'm not a good example of a typical, 18-year-old guy. But believe me, I am. I have all the normal urges of a kid my age. At first I kind of thought, like most guys my age would, that my training...was kind of unfair. I was like, 'this kinda sucks. I'm naked all the time, and my step mom and stepsis don't remove a stitch of their clothes.' "I knew it was all meant to get me ready for the class, but...I'm totally nude and Carrie and Janet get to keep their clothes on. Total double standard! As much as I had fantasized about CFNM since I was a kid, the first few days of my training, at times, I was like 'man, CFNM is really unfair.' But then I started to realize, and really appreciate, how good it made me feel to be completely nude. And I'm not just talking about the intense level of eroticism, but the fact that I was being totally passive, calm, relaxed, in my natural state - the way God made me...Seeing women enjoy not only my nudity, but also my energy and my compassion, and the fact that I was getting so much joy out of bringing them joy, it makes it all worthwhile."

The room was quiet, which made Richard a bit nervous. It was so silent in the room, you could even hear a loud, bustling 18-wheeler booming its horn way off in the distance.

But as Dick looked at Carrie, he saw a smile coming across her young, pretty face.

"I wish everyone in the world could hear what you just said," she exclaimed happily. "Sweetie, if there's an anthem which captures the male point of view as to what makes CFNM so splendidly wonderful, honey, that's it."

The others joined in heaping praise upon the young man, with Krendy offering a light round of applause.

"I'd like to buy the world a Coke, and keep it company..." Janet sang in a joking way, poking fun at Richard's feel-good attitude concerning CFNM.

He had to smile.

"Well said, Dick," she told him sincerely. "You hit the nail right on the head."

Richard was proud of himself, and glad that his outlook on his training was so well taken. Enjoying each other's company, the group eventually drifted into the family room to watch some television, and after sifting through the channels and catching bits and pieces of 'One Life to Live' and 'Young and the Restless,' Carrie suggested everyone get ready for an afternoon swim. For the women, this meant changing into their bathing suits. For Richard, it just meant walking outside completely as he was.

As Carrie, Janet and Maddy quickly left the room to get changed, and admittedly show off in their sexy swimsuits, Deborah lingered a bit, half getting up from her seat and then stopping.

"Ugh, I'll just wait until they're done changing," she said. "I'm in no rush."

Richard already looked forward to seeing Ms. Krendall in a bathing suit. He imagined she looked very cute in one.

In some ways, she was so shy, always wearing long skirts and modest blouses, yet he knew there was definitely another side of her, a very powerful, sexual side. She always did such a good job of keeping it under control, and hidden from others. That was something Richard could not do for himself.

Not allowed to wear any clothes, the boy stood there in the middle of the room, his privates completely on display, with a bulging erection still sticking out as straight and as hard as a railroad spike.

"Good gravy. That thing just won't cooperate, will it?" Krendy asked, not at all offended by Richard's massive erection but rather amused and intrigued.

"No, mam," he muttered. "If anything, it's gained strength."

"It's gained strength, has it?" she chuckled. "Sweetie, come forward. Lemme admire that awe-inspiring bird of yours."

Her words were so southing, so sexy. Richard loved being looked over and touched by a woman of authority. It made him feel that much more accepted, that much more attractive to the opposite sex. And it also played quite well to his submissive desires, as he was turning over complete control to the woman.

"Boop," Krendy laughed, sticking out her stocking-covered right foot and lightly tapping Richard's penis with it.

The action was fun for her, and also met with no objection from Richard, so she did it again, a little bit harder, a little bit more direct. Her cute little foot seemed so small compared to Richard's thick, towering stalk.

She rubbed her foot gently on the head of his penis, curling her toes around its bulbous circumference. Deborah would then release the penis from her grasp and happily watch it spring upward, showing an amazing amount of resilience for a shaft so large.

"Kind of has a catapult aspect to it, doesn't it?" Krendy laughed, amused so much by Richard's bouncing prick that she entertained herself by bopping it up and down with her right foot. "My Heavens, in medieval times, this thing could have passed as a military weapon."

It did in fact resemble a powerful catapult, or at least in the way Krendy was manipulating it. She kept flinging his penis up and down, now with so much emphasis that it quite obviously struck his belly, and created a resounding "smacking" sound.

"Ooop, I didn't hurt you, did I, Dick?" she quickly asked.

"No, no," he reassured her.

They had such a good chemistry going at this point, words didn't need to be spoken. Krendy ran her foot up and down Richard's muscular thighs, now using both of her feet to probe his toned, tan body.

"Krendy, did you catch Dallas the other night?" Carrie beckoned from the dining room as she put some things away.

"I did. It was good," Krendy calmly replied, still gently rubbing Richard's legs with her feet.

"Oh, what happened?" Carrie asked, still shouting from the dining room.

Richard hoped that his time with Krendy would continue in private. He loved Carrie deeply and always enjoyed her company, but this was a special moment for he and Ms. Krendall. It was their time, their moment.

"Oh it was a rerun, hon. One of Bobby's former girlfriends shows up and asks him for help," Krendy recalled, "and goes on and on that her daughter may be his..."

"Oh, okay, I did see that one," Carrie hollered from the other room. "I guess I am all caught up until next season."

Krendy chatted a bit more with her friend, all the while nonchalantly rubbing Richard's thighs up and down.

The soft, silky feel of her stockings only intensified his erection, and it made him long for her to once again rub his hard shaft with her delicate toes.

"I don't see how on Earth you're gonna be able to swim with this, hon," Krendy remarked, gesturing to his lengthy hard-on, "so we're just gonna take care of this right here, okay?"

'Oh God, yes,' Richard thought to himself.

He nodded his approval. He loved how sweet Deb was, how easily she dealt with his raging urges, and imposing erection.

As she now rubbed both of her feet along his thick shaft, her legs were raised quite high in order to do so, running parallel to the ground in fact.

"Dick, why don't you kneel down before me, hon, It's kind of hard for me to keep my legs raised that high," she requested of him, and he complied. "An old field hockey injury. Tore my knee when I was a kid. That's why some of us are athletes and some of us are teachers."

She gave him a beautiful smile, and Krendy was so excited about her task that she unfastened the top button of her lily-white blouse. Richard could see a faint outline of her nipples, pressed against her shirt as if they yearned to be touched.

Krendy did in fact have larger breasts than Richard realized - they weren't monsters like Maddy's, but clearly they were a nice, attractive set. The fact that she was so much more reserved and so much more reluctant to show them off, as compared to the precocious, young Madison, it kind of turned Richard on even more.

It was like Krendy was living out her fantasies of exploring the naked male body, yet remaining safely in her comfortable, modest clothing. The more Deborah stroked his enormous wang with her feet, the more desire she had to remark about its unique size and shape.

"I really want to see you get into the record books, hon," Krendy said with a giggle, breaking Richard from his daze. "This thing is remarkable."

She could hardly encircle the thick shaft with her tiny but affective toes.

"I guess I could...seek some notoriety for it," he said, so invigorated by Krendy's manipulations that it was hard for him to produce words, but he indulged her.

"I mean there's people that set all kinds of records - for their height, their weight, their uh, their beard,their fingernails?!" she rattled off, citing examples of people that defied belief. "Why not set a record with your cock?"

Krendy was stimulatng Richard with her legs, her well-defined big breasts, her hands and her voice. She hardly knew the affect it had on him when she simply used a naughty word or two for his anatomy. Just the fact that such a crude word could roll so easily off her tongue, it aroused Richard tremendously.

"As much as I understand and appreciate how Carrie is training you, sweetie, and believe me, you can see the results - your kind demeanor, your spirit, your willingness to entertain us...," Krendy remarked, as her feet gently rubbed up and down on Richard's lengthy cock. "As much as I credit her with grooming you so well, I do have to say I think she loses sight - just a little bit - of how hard it is for a young man like you to quell your emotions, to um, to settle your level of arousal."

"It's very hard," Richard agreed, his huge erection evidence of just how difficult it was.

"Very hard indeed," Ms. Krendall quipped, now speaking of Richard's fully erect member.

"I know you can't control this, sweetie," Krendy said of his hardened penis. "Carr wants you to learn control, but my stars, that's gonna take some time, isn't it?"

"Y-yes, mam," Richard struggled to get out, having to clear his throat to form words, as the emotions of the moment were beginning to overtake him.

"Plus," Krendy added, "with your penis being so incredible large, and with us staring and commenting and measuring and now even demanding you enlighten us with some amusing anecdotes about it, which I am guilty of, it must be impossible for you to go very long without becoming noticeably excited."

"Yes, mam, it's almost imp-... oh God..."

"Are you going to come, darling?" she asked, both excited and curious as she now took Richard's pulsing, powerful organ into her soft, delicate hands. "You go right ahead and come."

Having Ms. Krendall's permission - and encouragement - to climax, Richard finally surrendered to the moment, and felt that his load was going to be so substantial, he should give Ms. Krendall a warning.

"Oh God, it's gonna be a really big one," he said excitedly, as her soft, gentle touch affectively manipulated his massive organ.

"It's really gonna be a lot, oh God..."

"It's okay, hon," Krendy giggled. "Sock it to me, Richard. Gimme all ya' got."

Her impassioned encouragement only made Richard moan with a greater need for release. She giggled as she sensed the affect she had on him. She continued to stroke his incredibly long pecker while still carrying on a stimulating conversation.

"Last time I was so...busy, using my mouth and keeping my eyes closed the whole time," she chuckled, reminiscing about the wonderful blowjob she gave Richard the night before, "that I didn't really get to see you explode. Don't get me wrong - I felt you explode, but I didn't really get to see it."

Richard now buckled his hips, getting ready to thrust as he released.

"You are already so slick with precome, darling, that it's making it easier to stroke you," she noted, crossing her legs one final time in an attempt to get perfectly comfortable for the big show. "Your dick is awfully long, but this, this makes it nice and smooth."

Krendy now overemphasized her strokes, going all the way down to the base of his cock and then slowly but affectively all the way up to the head. She even ran her hands all around the head in one even motion before returning back down to the base.

"Up and down, nice and easy," she said, in perfect rhythm with her technique.

"Oh God!" Richard shouted, as his threshold was finally broken, like a relentless tidal wave imposing its will upon an inadequate dam.

"Ha! Oh my goodness," Krendy belted out as a long, unbroken rope of ejaculate shot forth from Richard's huge dickhead and splashed against her skirt.

"Oh, just keep coming sweetie, you're at the finish line, or the end zone," she giggled, insisting that Richard allow himself release, regardless of where it may land.

So engrossed and fascinated by Richard's relentless, climaxing organ, Krendy actually sat there and counted each of Richard's amazing come shots.

"Two, three, four, five (laugh), oh my goodness, six, seven - oh God that was a big fat one wasn't it? Oh goodness, sweetie, eight?!" she carried on.

One after another, thick ropes of semen splashed and splattered upon Krendy's skirt and her stockings. It was as if Richard was intent on dousing her sexy legs, since they were largely responsible for his volcanic level of arousal in the first place.

"My legs are soaked, hon," she laughed. "Holy smokes - 13, 14, 15 - sweetie, if you make it to 20 we might have to throw a party..."

"Oh God, Ms. Krendall," Richard bellowed as he stared up at the ceiling, anticipating the end of his lengthy orgasm.

"That's it, good boy," Krendy said soothingly, stroking and kneading the final few spurts of come out of Richard's massive organ.

The young man could finally take a deep breath, and feel a rush of relaxation and relief wash down over his body. He lazily looked down at Krendy's lap, and realized she was completely soaked with his reckless ropes of ejaculate.

"Holy shit," he had to say.

"It's okay, hon, really," Krendy told him, as she shook her hands a bit to help them dry off. "You've given me a reason to change into my bathing suit."

Krendy still tried to appear dignified and proper, crossing one of her legs over the other, giving Richard yet another glimpse of her big, beautiful thighs. Although covered by her skirt, he could still gauge their thickness. Richard simply had a thing for wonderfully,

well-rounded thighs, and Ms. Krendall definitely satisfied his liking in that regard.

She also had such a sweet and nurturing demeanor that it allowed him to feel completely at ease around her.

"My word, Richard, puddles have started to form," she laughed, as she looked down at her skirt and stockings. "You must have really been worked up."

"Yes, mam," was all he could say at the moment. But now as Richard stood before her, he appeared completely relaxed.

"Ah...feels like the first few moments after a rough storm," Krendy mused, comparing Richard's level of arousal to that of a Texas tornado. "The trees aren't rustling anymore, the sees are calm (laugh)..."

He had to laugh along with her.

"Oh and look at that, hon, your dork is back to its fancy-free and relaxed state," she giggled, gesturing towards Richard's enormous softy. "Still quite imposing, but no longer tortured and ready to erupt."

Krendy's gaze then lingered upon Richard's huge penis, long enough that Richard anticipated her commenting on it.

"Ya' know it wouldn't offend me if you did one more helicopter," she laughed, as she had simply fallen in love with that particular penis trick. "Ya' know, the one where it goes chew-chew-chew around in a circle?"

Richard easily - and gladly - obliged, and he was so excited that he seemed to do it that much more pronounced.

Dick swung his penis around a good 30 or so times in a row, the sight so outlandish and yet entertaining and amusing all at the same time.

"I love it! I absolutely love it," Krendy hollered with glee, giving into a few splendid moments of belly-aching laughter. "Round and round it goes, where it stops, nobody knows - oh it stopped (laugh)."

"Sorry," Richard apologized as his penis had smacked against his thigh, causing it to cease swinging about in such a dizzying fashion.

"That was great, Dick," Krendy laughed. "But we simply must get cleaned up now, and it starts with me."

Still maintaining such a high level of elegance despite the fact her stockings and skirt were soaked with Richard's juices, Deborah Krendall walked gracefully to the downstairs bathroom, bathing suit in hand, and smiled at Richard as she closed the door behind her.

As Richard waited in the living room while Krendy got changed in private, he looked down at his naked body and savored the feeling of his CFNM training. The class was quickly approaching, but he now looked forward to it instead of dreading it. He was gaining more and more confidence each and every day.

While Dick Parker anticipated seeing the lovely Ms. Krendall in a swimsuit, his best friend was dealing with a different emotion, miles and miles away.

********************

"I am so proud of myself," the young Barney Bussett said, as he bit into a juicy quarter pounder from The Burger Chef.

Halfway home from his journey, he was enjoying a celebratory meal.

Not only did Barney make it to Dripping Springs, but he was returning to Temple with something very valuable.

TO BE CONTINUED...


The Tick Incident Ch. 06
bybess_armstrong©

Three Rivers

It was a sun-sparkling afternoon when Dick Parker returned home from Pinkney's Hobbies with a fresh, new bottle of model glue.

The young man planned to spend his free time putting together a model of an ARC-170 Starfighter and drift blissfully into his own little world. Dick figured he would then join his step mom, stepsis, and also Ms. Krendall and her lovely daughter, Madison, for a relaxing swim in the Parker pool.

The young Parker boy had begun to love swimming with the ladies. He treasured seeing Ms. Krendall in a bathing suit, noticing how her soft skin seemed to glow in the afternoon sun. It was as if certain parts of her amazing body yearned to be exposed. Her thighs, her delicate shoulders, her legs - anything usually covered by her teacher-esque attire - looked absolutely stunning when it was left naked for all to see.

And that's not to say Dick didn't also enjoy playing games with young Maddy in the pool. The two carried on like children, splashing each other, playfully dunking one another underneath the water, even engaging in a few games of Marco Polo.

In addition, Dick's natural sexual urges had their impact, as he loved watching Madison's large breasts bounce about in her suit any time she moved in the water.

And Janet and Carrie, meanwhile, treated each trip to the backyard pool as if it were a fashion show, seemingly unveiling a new sexy swimsuit every afternoon. Dick absolutely loved their vibrant personalities and the confidence they had in their bodies and themselves.

The women, in turn, greatly enjoyed Dick's company. He had such a kind and fun-spirited demeanor about him, as he brought the level of fun and excitement up several notches. He always made sure everyone was having a good time.

He served the women drinks, brought out his radio to play music while they swam, and even got the barbecue going and made everyone some burgers and hot dogs for lunch. He was turning into quite the host.

And it should also be pointed out that the ladies greatly enjoyed Dick's unabashed, full-frontal nudity. They didn't just get a kick out of the fact that Dick was always naked, but that he had grown more and more at ease in living that way. Because he was so comfortable with his body, it made them feel even more comfortable about theirs. Added to that, Dick's uncompromising nudism around the Parker place was a celebration of the male form.

On this day, that celebration included two more key figures.

As Dick walked around the side of the house towards the pool, he casually glanced upon a small Anacacho Orchid Tree. He saw that a number of bees were busy buzzing around it. He noticed one bee in particular, sort of hovering in the center of it all, while the others gravitated to it.

"Must be the queen," he mused, as he made sure not to get stung.

It was as if this sight symbolized another. As Dick walked around to the back, he saw Barney and Craig, his two best buds, buzzing about Carrie, who was seated quite comfortably in a lawn chair.

"Their queen," Dick laughed to himself.

"Oh, Dick, come here, you have to see this," Carrie said as she leaned forward in her brown-and-white striped chair.

"What is it?" Dick asked curiously, in turn offering a quick 'hello' to his two chums.

"Barney, the goofball that he is, drove all the way to Dripping Springs and brought me back a present," Carrie raved.

Dick could see her holding something, a book of some sort. Before he could wonder what it was, Carrie provided the answer.

"My old high school yearbook," she announced happily. "The other day when we were chatting, I mentioned offhand to Barney that mine had gotten lost somewhere along the way. And the sweet young man that he is, he drove all the way to Dripping Springs..."

"Some hundred or so miles," Barney bragged. "It was way out there. I even passed the Rooland Oil Refinery..."

Carrie shook her head, amazed he would go to such trouble.

"I went into the library at your old school, and they had a number of them just sitting back there in the office," Barney explained. "The guy said they were getting ready to throw them away. Would have been a shame to let it go to waste."

Carrie was already entranced by the book's contents, thumbing through the glossy pages and taking in each one with a tremendous sense of nostalgia. The last 18 years of her life, she had willingly and lovingly dedicated so much of her time to raising Janet, so it was nice to relive some of her old high school memories.

"I...I got my own copy too," Barney admitted, as the two other boys cracked up.

"What?" Barney scoffed. "Mrs. Parker's a beautiful woman, and I wanted a constant reminder of her..."

"Besides, the darn thing has tons of pictures of her."

Dick and Craig had to laugh a bit more, knowing full well what Barney would be doing with that yearbook, especially the pictures of Carrie, and how he would be glancing at those pictures, in his, eh, private time...

Carrie, simply amused and flattered by the crush young Barney Bussett had on her, continued to show him her affection.

"Come, here, sweetie," she beckoned, and then planting a very wet, affectionate kiss on Barney's cheek. "You are a very thoughtful young man. This was so sweet of you."

As Carrie mentioned name after name of people she knew and wanted to see again, Barney just basked in the glow of his achievement. He loved that his gift had brought her so much joy.

"I've always wanted to get in touch with everybody from Dripping Springs," Carrie said with conviction. "Maybe even throw a big bash. A big reunion of sorts."

"Can we come, Mrs. Parker?" Barney asked.

"Of course you can come, goofball," she said. "You three would be my guests of honor."

A big bash at the Parker house was surely something to look forward to. Already, it seemed to possess utmost significance.

But in the meantime, a pretty neat little pool party was about to get started.

"Is it cool if we swim?" Craig asked.

"Yes, indeed. In fact, I would encourage it. The heat index is supposed to go up to a hundred and two," Carrie pointed out. "There's not much else to do on a day like this."

The boys eagerly got ready for their swim. They showed no hesitation whatsoever in getting fully undressed in Carrie's presence.

As the three eager young men got completely naked and their penises came into view, conversation flowed all the same.

"Which way did you take to Dripping Springs. For Heaven's sake, don't tell me you went down 95," Carrie commented as she casually looked upon each boy's nakedness with a loving smile.

"I...took 95 to 972. I was gonna hop on 35 South and ride it all the way out, but this stupid, fat-ass cow wandered out of Old Man Custer's Ranch, distracted me..." Barney rambled on.

"Jeez Louise, that must have taken you forever to get there," Carrie said.

"Eh, not too bad," the Bussett boy replied, kicking aside his shorts and indirectly making his penis bounce a bit in the warm sunlight.

"You should have asked me which way to go, Barney Bussett. I would never steer you wrong," Carrie told him.

"Well I wanted it to be a surprise," he insisted.

Carrie shook her head but again offered her affection, rewarding him with a kind smile.

The boys, as if by instinct, had to glance upon each other's nudity just for a second, comparing and contrasting a bit. This was only natural. But they had each grown to feel confident in their bodies and in themselves, and Carrie was a big reason for that. After giving their own bodies a quick once over, the young men shifted all of their attention to Carrie.

The beautiful brunette was dressed in a pair of snug-fitting white, cotton shorts, and a Texas Rangers baseball shirt that had been the bud of many jokes around the house that morning. The Rangers, in the midst of another mediocre season, were not the pride of Texas, but nevertheless Carrie always stood by the home team, and her home.

"I love it here, don't you?" she remarked to Dick, as she glanced about the yard, enjoying the sight of the Bluebonnets, surrounding a gorgeous Pink Evening Primrose.

"Yeah, you've done an unbelievable job," Dick complimented her.

As Dick looked around and pointed out particular flowers that he really liked, Carrie had already resumed looking at her yearbook.

"Mrs. Parker, you should totally have a reunion party with all your friends," Barney insisted.

The stunning 35-year-old wife and mother was wearing a lovely grin that hinted she was now giving serious thought to that very idea.

"That would be something," she said. "All of those guys...Wow, I haven't seen them in ages."

"Guys?" Craig asked.

"Well most of my friends in high school were guys, hon," she told them. "Dick knows the story - I remember mentioning to him more than once that I was kind of a tomboy growing up."

Barney and Craig thought of how cool it must have been to be a guy at Dripping Springs back in 1961, and be friends with a gal like Carrie. It made the boys savor how much time they got to spend with her now.

Carrie took one last look at the yearbook and handed it back to Barney so he could peruse it some more.

"Well, thank you, Mr. Bussett, for escorting me down Memory Lane," Carrie announced with a big smile.

"It was my pleasure, Mrs. Parker," he told her.

"Just don't get that anywhere near the pool," she smiled. "I don't want it to get wet. When you're done looking at it, I'm going to find a very special place for it on the bookshelf in the living room."

As there was a brief silence, Barney decided to fill it with more praise of the woman he had such a delightful crush on.

"What was it like being the most beautiful girl in school?" Barney posed, the tone in his voice and the expression on his face denoting a great sincerity to his question.

"Oh, man," Craig laughed, finding it funny how much Barney openly worshiped Mrs. Parker, but at the same time, Craig couldn't blame him.

Carrie chuckled, her face even blushing a bit.

"Ya' know, Barney, I just took it one day at a time," she said, then giggled a bit, playing right along with Barney's question.

"You seriously had to be the hottest girl in that whole yearbook," he further gushed.

"I was. I really was," she smiled, displaying a hint of arrogance just for Barney's sake, because she knew he got a kick out of it. "I don't even think it was close, in fact."

Barney was about to say something then stopped, his level of arousal beginning to quickly escalate.

"That's...that's awesome," he said.

Everyone cracked up. Carrie rubbed the top of Barney's head, with affection, and then pinched his cheek to let him know she thought his compliments were oh-so-adorable.

"Well, boys, I must return inside," Carrie stated as she scooped up a Nerf football that had been lying unattended, and tossed it into the grass. "Deb and the girls are probably going to join you for a swim. I, hopefully - and I say this with guarded optimism (laugh) - will get all the dishes done and get a few loads of laundry in, and then I will be up for a swim as well."

"Awesome," Barney said.

"The one thing I do want you to look out for," Carrie began, "and Dick already knows about this. There is a huge Hornets nest - "

"Yeah, a huge Hornets nest on the side of the house," Dick jumped in. "I saw it on the way back."

"Watch out for bees," she stressed. "Don't want any of you guys to get stung."

"And watch out for ticks," Craig added.

"Well, ticks I don't worry about," Carrie said, now putting her hands on her hips, displaying an authoritative look as she lectured the boys. "What ticks do is they lodge themselves between your clothing and your skin. Then of course they bite and try to embed themselves in your skin. Yuck. But the good thing is you can brush them off more easily before they find a place to bite if you are not wearing any clothes."

"Good to know," Craig smiled.

"We, on the other hand," Carrie said, speaking of her and the other ladies, in reference to them in fact wearing bathing suits as opposed to the boys not doing so, "we'll have to keep an eye out for them. But you guys don't have to worry about that."

She said it so innocently, and in a matter-of-fact fashion.

How lovely this was. Even in a simple conversation about bees and ticks, Carrie managed to work in the fact, and establish, that the boys were nude and the girls were fully clothed. This came about naturally, and flowed organically from the conversation, but it was as if she wanted to point out now and again that the group was in fact partaking in - and greatly enjoying - a CFNM lifestyle.

"Yeah, you boys should be fine today," Carrie said, looking them over to illustrate her point, that their nudity was a plus in regards to spotting dreaded ticks. "Just watch for the bees. Watch for bees, please."

She rhymed for their amusement, and Carrie did always have a cute way of getting her point across.

"Deb and Maddy got new bathing suits today so I know they're looking forward to getting in the pool," Carrie smiled. "Don't wanna give too much away, but Maddy's feeling, er, very patriotic..."

********************

As Dick's step mom headed back inside the house, Dick and Craig felt compelled to check out the gift Barney had provided Mrs. Parker. Turns out, it was a gift for the boys too.

"God, she was a knockout," Craig said, eyeing Carrie's senior class portrait.

"Carolyn Adriatico," Barney said with a laugh, getting a kick out of her maiden name.

"Yeah, her mom was Italian," Dick said.

"She looks just like Janet," Barney noticed, as he savored page after page where Carrie appeared.

"Holy fuckin' shit, dude. Check out the legs," Craig marveled, as he saw Carrie's swim team picture.

"Dude, no offense, but your step mom has the most gorgeous fuckin' legs," Barney had to say.

"I know," Dick openly admitted. "And what can I say? The camera loves her. God, look how many pictures there are of her in this thing..."

Carrie was indeed very popular in high school, and the yearbook captured it. She was in multiple clubs, on a couple different sports teams, and then also appeared in several pictures where she was just hanging out with friends.

The boys could have gone on for days looking at all of her incredible photos, circa Dripping Springs, 1961, but suddenly they were joined on the backdoor patio by a lovely guest.

"Well, Hello boys," said a delightfully upbeat voice.

Deborah Krendall, sexy full-figured woman that she was, walked towards the three young men with a big smile. She seemed eager to join them. It was a well-known fact at this point that the boys swam nude at the Parker house, and Krendy approached the situation with the utmost intrigue and excitement.

"H-Hi, Ms. Krendall," Barney said, as he stumbled over his words, and also a bright orange tennis ball that had been lying at his feet.

"Hello, Bernard," Ms. Krendall smiled kindly.

Krendy looked so cute in her one-piece, kelly-green swimsuit. She had such a modesty about her, as she gently rubbed the outside of her upper legs, as if showing this much skin was a rarity for her, and something she always felt shy about at first.

But it was the boys that were much more exposed, and Krendy clearly enjoyed the sight, and applauded their decision to go nude.

The boys in turn felt an immediate rush being naked in front of their former teacher.

"I can see you boys have grown up nicely," she smiled, enjoying the sight of their fit, muscular, and very tan 18-year-old bodies. "I hope you have matured as well."

"Sorry about your car," Barney said immediately, apologizing for a prank he pulled on his former teacher years ago.

"Water under the bridge," Krendy replied, waving her hand to signify that it was no big deal. "Water under the Pennybacker bridge, let's say."

"Have they begun building it?" Craig asked, making conversation as Ms. Krendall got herself comfortable in a sky-blue adjustable lawn chair.

"Still drawing it up," Krendy informed the young Nichols boy. "I do get out to Austin frequently, and believe me, it's gonna make traffic a lot easier to deal with. I was telling Carr, we should take more trips together."

Krendy was always a great source of information - whether it be local, national, or historical. And the boys found her calm, informative demeanor quite welcoming. But they also got kind of excited with how amazing Krendy looked in a swimsuit.

Barney and Craig had never seen the charming brunette in this kind of sexy attire before, and the young men quickly noticed that Krendy had been hiding a rather thick, tight bod that had previously been hidden by long skirts and baggy sweaters.

Deb had particularly nice thighs, even showing them off more by bringing up her legs and bending them at the knees, just so she could lean back in her lawn chair. A travel guide, entitled 'Asia on the Cheap: A Complete Guide to Making the Overland Trip,' rested nicely in her lap.

Barney, who didn't always show great discretion, lightly but quite noticeably elbowed Craig as if to say 'dude, Ms. Krendall is hot!'

Krendy giggled as she enjoyed the boys' attention.

"So what are you two majoring in?" she asked, opening up the guide to page 78, which had been kept in place by a velveteen book mark. "I know Dick is going for architecture. What interests you, Craig? What gets your motor running?"

Deb then raised her auburn-tinted sunglasses just a bit, awaiting Craig's answer.

"Eh, I guess advertising, like my old man," he told her.

"Well you don't sound too thrilled," Krendy chuckled.

"No it's just...I don't know. Don't really know what I wanna do yet as far as career," he admitted.

"Sweetie, you have plenty of time," she encouraged him. "Give advertising a try and if you don't like it, pursue another avenue."

"Yes, mam," Craig replied, noticing with great delight that Krendy casually glanced over his naked form with a loving smile.

"Boys, do me a favor," Krendy said as she got up from her chair for a moment. "Move over just a tad. I'm looking right into the sun so I can't really see. I wanna be able to see who I'm talking to."

The boys had no problem satisfying her request, doing anything to keep this lovely chat going strong.

"Okey-dokey, there we go," Krendy smiled, sitting back down, this time with the sun at her back. "Now, I don't have to squint."

Krendy now could easily make eye contact with each of the boys, and if she chose, her eyes could also wander elsewhere, to gaze upon other lovely parts of their anatomy. The young men clearly didn't mind.

"You," she said to Craig, pausing for affect, "have your father's eyes, young man."

"Yeah," Craig replied, re-adjusting his stance a bit. "I hope I also have the same kind of advertising smarts he has."

"Oh," Krendy said, waving her hand, "don't worry about that. You're young, kiddo. Plenty of time to worry about career ventures. But seriously, you've grown up very handsome."

"He's a regular Erik Estrada," Barney kidded his friend.

At this point, Krendy put her book down on the patio below, something the boys took as a compliment since they had now earned her full attention.

"Come on, Bernard, lay it on me - what do you plan to major in?" she asked the former class clown.

"Uhhh," he hesitated. "I sort of have to...finish high school first."

"Oh Bernard," Krendy said, shaking her head. "What are we gonna do with you? Sweetie, I still remember when you insisted Dallas was the state capital. You had a whole week to study for that test on state capitals, darling, and you didn't even know ours?!"

"Well Dallas should be the state capital," he scoffed, causing the boys to giggle a bit but really they were kind of frustrated with his refusal to hit the books

"Bernard, you're a bright kid. You always were," Krendy said. "Craig is already itching to follow in his father's footsteps, Dick is always studying up a storm, ready to design the next Enterprise Plaza. And you Bernard...Sweetie, what interests you?"

"Um, Star Wars, The Incredible Hulk, and uh, Three's Company," he said, eliciting some more chuckles.

Even Krendy cracked a smile.

"Well first of all, finish your summer school," she instructed him. "Then let's say you go into film making, since you love Star Trek so much, or Star Wars or what have you."

He loved her optimism.

"Sweetie I just want to know you're focused on something," she said with a cute laugh. "Please tell me you've been by Temple Junior College to check out some classes?"

"Yes, mam, I have," he told her.

"Good, good, good. That's a start," she said, relieved. "I want to see all of you boys live full, productive lives. And years from now, you can say it was all due to your darling teacher, Ms. Krendall."

"Yes, mam," Barney replied dutifully.

And with that, Krendy offered an endearing smile to all three young men and then tried to get some reading done. Her ever-growing intellect always craved new information, new wonderful anecdotes and stories from around the globe. The day's edition of the Temple Daily Telegram did just that.

"Have you boys been reading about the La Soufrière?" Krendy asked, her pronunciation of the word alone sounding interesting in itself. "It's also called Saint Vincent - it's an active volcano on the island of Saint Vincent in the Caribbean.

"At any rate, it exploded. A very, very big explosion. No fatalities, thank Heavens, but 14,000 people evacuated..."

"Wow," Dick offered.

Deb let the newspaper fall to her lap, with an audible ruffle.

"Can you imagine?" she asked, noticeably captivated. "Years and years being pent up and contained, and then BOOM! Just tons of all that molten hot stuff. My goodness, what an explosion. I mean, Jeez Louise, what a gusher?!"

The boys couldn't help but become somewhat aroused with Krendy's utter fascination with large eruptions. They immediately likened it to what kind of intense, primitive forces were building and building inside themselves.

"Sounds...dangerous," Craig said.

"Oh I'm sure they have the whole area evacuated now, under cover," she laughed with excitement. "That image is just so powerful to me. That is something I would love to see."

Each of the boys struggled to quell their level of arousal, and Barney certainly struggled to hide his. His penis had grown to a semi-erect state, and it was something that Deb quickly noticed but was discreet about.

She could sense Barney was a bit embarrassed about his rapidly-growing penis so she didn't go out of her way to make him more self conscious. Deb instead returned the conversation to the boys' interests, and this was a very provocative one.

"Now I must ask, boys. Is this," she began, gesturing to their nude form, "an act of solidarity? Wanting to make sure your compatriot here doesn't feel isolated and alone as he prepares for his quest? Or is there more to it than that?"

"Um...," Craig and Barney both wondered aloud.

Apparently going nude was no big deal for the boys. Explaining why was. The fact they'd have to discuss their previously-private feelings was the reason.

"Come on, boys, you can tell me," she urged with a giggle. "Just so you know, I think it's fantastic..."

As the boys gathered their innermost thoughts on the matter, trying hard to open up to Ms. Krendall, she cited one particular viewpoint on the matter.

"Never before did I get so close to Nature, never before did she come so close to me," she waxed poetically. "Nature was naked, and I was also..."

The boys were blown away.

"That's beautiful, Ms. Krendall," Craig commented.

"Yes, it is. But I can't take credit for it. That was Walt Whitman," she said with a wonderful laugh. "I remember reading that in a poetry class I took at Dartmouth. Whitman was a very talented writer, and as it turned out, a big proponent of nude sunbathing."

The boys were wowed by Krendy's deep reservoir of knowledge.

"Nudism goes all the way up to the top of the food chain, darlings. Former presidents have indulged," Krendy said, lightly slapping her thigh as she cited another fine example of a proud nudist. "Lyndon B. Johnson, from good ole Stonewall. It was said that he demanded reporters had to swim naked with him if they wanted to get their stories."

"That's awesome," Barney said happily.

"So you're in good company," Krendy laughed.

The discussion growing more and more impassioned, Barney and Deb both tried to speak at the same time.

"Oh go 'head, sweetie," she encouraged him.

"No, I was just gonna say I've thought about running for president," Barney said jokingly.

Krendy let loose with a wonderful chuckle, befitting of her amusement with the outspoken Barney Bussett.

"I think we better focus on finishing high school first, young man," she said with a warm grin.

Quick glances at the young men's tan, naked bodies grew into longer, more unabashed stares, as Krendy enjoyed their presence, and they fancied being looked over with such great interest.

"Well I know you've heard this one, 'we was always naked, day and night, whenever the mosquitoes would let us,'" Krendy stated eloquently, even imitating a relaxed Southern draw.

The boys tried desperately to get the reference.

"Um...," they pondered aloud.

"Oh, come on," Krendy said with amused disbelief. "I'm losing faith in you boys."

"It sounds familiar," Craig said. "I just can't recall who that was..."

Krendy covered her face in her hands, unable to believe these lads weren't familiar with such a legendary fictional hero. At least she was there to enlighten.

"Huck Finn?" she stated, reluctantly giving the answer, as she hoped the boys would know it themselves. "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Didn't you boys read that at some point?"

"Well, I'd like to read it again anyways," Barney immediately said. "He sounds like a cool guy."

Krendy smiled.

"All I'm saying, fellas, is that reading can take you to a whole other universe. You can really lose yourself in a good book. And," she said, gesturing to their unabashed nudity, "it can sometimes provide plenty of inspiration."

As Barney and Craig nervously toed the concrete beneath them - that concrete growing hotter and hotter as the day wore on and making a jump in the pool that much more desirable, Krendy not only applauded Barney and Craig's attempts at a nudist lifestyle but kept pointing out key figures - both real and fictional - that lived it and loved it.

She was fanning the flames, and at the same time, showing no signs whatsoever that she would be removing any of her own clothes. Somehow, that made these very powerful moments that much more erotic for the boys, to an extent that they would later share and discuss.

"Mom?" said a sweet voice from the other end of the patio. "Aunt Carr wants to know what you want to drink."

Krendy jumped up excitedly, the young men's nudity the source of her vigor. She also had grown pretty thirsty, and wouldn't mind getting a nice, smooth buzz going.

"Ooo, lemme see," she said. "Save my seat, fellas."

Young Madeline, looking simply gorgeous in her brand-new bikini, sent a slight but noticeable glance towards the boys, her former buddies when she was younger. She giggled, noticing they were in fact fully nude as expected, and turned and walked back inside with her mother.

Before the guys could even get their minds wrapped around being joined by Maddy, Janet and Carrie, they were still in awe, in the wake of the sexual storm that was Ms. Krendall. The boys could barely keep their heads above the water.

********************

"First of all, it was Thigh City over there," Barney said, gesturing to the modest lawn chair, which appeared more like a throne when Krendy sat in it. "Dude, did you see how thick her thighs were? Jesus Christ. So fuckin' voluptuous, dude. So hot. I love Ms. Krendall."

"Who knew she was rockin' such a hot bod underneath all those baggy Jordache sweaters and long-ass skirts she wore all those years," Craig said.

"She's a very, very attractive woman," Dick stated.

"Dude, attractive? Hot. Smokin' hot," Barney said. "And so frickin' cool too."

"She wasn't at all put off by our nudity," Barney said.

"Put off? Dude, she was checking us out," Craig gushed. "Being kinda discreet about it, mind you, but, dude, she was loving it. It was hot."

Barney smiled.

"I have to admit, I counted each time..."

"Counted what?" Craig asked.

"Each time she looked at my cock," he said. "She was so casual about it, not even breaking stride. But yeah, four times. Four times. Ms. Krendall looked at my cock. Ms. Krendall saw my cock, dude!"

Dick chuckled at their enthusiasm. He had enjoyed a very similar feeling days earlier, the first time Krendy and Maddy saw him nude. It was beyond invigorating.

"She was so comfortable around us," Craig added.

Barney laughed.

"She loves being around naked men, and to tell ya' the truth," Dick said with a look of appreciation, "she's becoming more and more outspoken about it. She even said she'd like to be a judge at like a nude male pageant...it's like her fantasy and shit."

As these fine, young men of Temple voiced their appreciation of Ms. Krendall, Barney displayed his devotion to another strong-minded woman who made her home in this hot, dusty Texas town. The young man ran over to the table and again grabbed Carrie's yearbook.

"Dude, you're fixated with that thing," Craig laughed.

Barney Bussett thumbed through the entire yearbook again, savoring each and every picture that included young Carrie.

But the boys were soon to be joined by an old friend. This friend had grown into a lovely young woman.

Barney heard the words: "Hi, Bernard," uttered by the sweetest voice that ever danced upon his ears.

He turned around, and saw that it was Madeline Krendall.

"Maddy?" he asked, shocked that the little girl that he and Craig and Dick used to play with years back had blossomed into such a remarkable young lady.

"What's up?" she asked with a giggle.

"Uh, nothing," Barney said, trying to loosen up and relax despite his nerves. "Just, uh, about to go swimming."

Maddy laughed, as he was simply stating the obvious. He was so nervous.

"I like your bathing suit," he stammered.

"Thanks," she replied, swiveling her hips a bit to show off her amazing figure and spectacular legs. "Got it on sale at 'Outfits and More,' right up near the ball fields."

As they continued to make small talk, Maddy openly looked down at Barney's penis. He noticed this, and was fighting hard to keep it relaxed.

After some more polite chatter between the two, a smirk broke across Maddy's young, angelic face.

"I don't want there to be any hard feelings between us," she said, basically urging Barney to apologize for all of the boyish pranks he had pulled on her years earlier.

"I'm sorry I used to be a jerk," he quickly said. "I'm sorry about the time I let all the air out of your bike tires."

"Bike tires? Dude, that was like the least of all the mean things you did to me. You used to pull my pony tail, like yank it really hard. You, uh, pushed me in a puddle the last time I saw you, plus the fact I was wearing white pants..."

"I'm sorry, Maddy," he said with great sincerity. "It was the whole boys vs. girls thing back then, I guess...But it seems now we can all hang out and have fun."

Barney surrendered to Maddy not just because of the physical attraction he immediately felt towards her, but also because from the moment he heard her voice that wonderful day, Barney could sense a certain kindness that existed in her.

He didn't even mind Maddy's insistence on calling him by his formal name, Bernard, which was done partly in a teasing way, and partly because since everyone called him Barney, she chose his formal name as an alternative, to be different.

"We had fun though back then, didn't we?" he pressed on.

"Old Man Custard's was fun," she said, looking off into the distance and reminiscing a bit about their days of horseback riding.

"Yeah, Old Man Custard's was fun," he confirmed. "God, I haven't been horseback riding in ages. We should go sometime, I mean, ya' know, if you're around."

"Well I sort of live almost 200 miles away these days, buddy, but I appreciate the offer," she giggled. "Didn't you work there for a little while?"

"One day," he said, hanging his head sort of dejectedly.

"One day?!" she scoffed. "For Pete's sake, Bernard..."

"He was soooo mean!" he argued.

With the initial butterflies now gone, in regards to Maddy seeing him completely nude for the first time, Barney could now take a deep breath and relax.

"So are you guys budding nudists now just like Dick?" Deb's daughter asked with a sweet grin.

"Um," Barney began, then stumbled a bit over that same tennis ball.

"Watch your step," Maddy chuckled as she noticed Bussett's penis flop a bit from his unexpected slip.

Barney regained his composure and pressed on.

"We love skinny dipping is all," he told her, laughing at himself since he sounded just like the Huckleberry Finn line Ms. Krendall had recited earlier.

"Well I hope we girls aren't infringing on you boys' private time," she teased him.

Barney immediately went out of his way to make her feel welcome.

"No, definitely not. It would be great if you guys joined us. I mean, you girls. I mean, you women, ladies," he said, stumbling over his words even worse than he stumbled over that little orange ball.

Maddy found his nervousness quite cute.

They shared a quiet, intimate stare into each other's eyes, but leave it to ole' Barney Bussett to get over excited.

"You're perfectly welcome to join us, I mean, join us in the whole skinny dipping thing," he offered.

The startled expression on Maddy's face instantly relayed to Barney that he had overstepped his bounds. Here was a precocious, curious 18-year-old girl entering the boys' private pool party simply to satisfy her budding voyeuristic desires. She wasn't really interested in baring all.

And considering their past history, Maddy, God bless her, immediately scoffed at the idea.

"Oh, Barney Bussett," she laughed. "The day you see me naked is the day pigs fly, mister."

It was a bit of a letdown for young Barney, but damn if he didn't sort of get a rise out of her self-assured demeanor, as if she was saying 'it is perfectly fine for me to see you naked, but not the other way around.'

"I'm here to look, not to show," she admitted with a giggle, hinting that she knew this premise was unfair to the boys, but she believed that if they were proud exhibitionists like young Dick, they wouldn't mind at all.

In fact, they would welcome it.

"That's cool," Barney said. "But you never know, pigs might be able to fly someday."

"Oh really?" she laughed.

"If they got a good running start, maybe jumped off a cliff on a really windy day?" he said.

She played along.

"You never know," she answered. "Maybe someday."

She tapped him on the shoulder, as if her statement had a double meaning. It wasn't just about the whole pigs-being-able-to-fly premise, but rather Maddy was also hinting that Barney seeing her nude someday wasn't entirely impossible.

But it wasn't going to happen on this day. This day was about the guys and gals reveling in a terrific CFNM atmosphere.

Craig and Dick had wandered over to their friend, as they indirectly formed a small lineup of three along the back of the patio.

"Well, well, well," Maddy said, with her hands on her hips, as her stance, words and tone signified a victory over the boys. "What lovely scenery."

It was a moment of perfect CFNM bliss, as Maddy greatly enjoyed having the upper hand in this nudity versus clothes dynamic, and the boys in turn were giving into - and fulfilling - their submissive desires.

Within a few moments, the back door of the Parker house whooshed open and out to the patio came Janet, Carrie and Deb, all dressed in lovely swimming attire and all eager to combat this hot Texas afternoon with a dip in the pool.

Conversation soon flowed with ease, as the boys' full-frontal nudity was hardly a distraction or something off-putting. It was, after all, as Deb alluded to earlier in the afternoon, perfectly natural.

The water was a delightful temperature that day, but there was clearly another reason the guys and gals enjoyed each other's company and decided to stay in the pool for over two hours.

The women loved the boys' playful attitude, their energy and spirit, and both Carrie and Deb enjoyed the fact that their daughters were getting to spend time with such kindhearted young men.

The group played a few games of Marco Polo, did some modest dives off the deck, and tossed around an oversized beach ball. The girls showed tremendous maturity in regards to the male nudity, give or take one amusing quip here and there.

The young women really liked it when the boys took turns leaving the pool to fetch the beach ball any time it got knocked out of the water.

"God, Craig has a nice butt," Maddy whispered to Janet at one point.

The men's bodies, although far more exposed than the women's, weren't the only ones that were a point of focus.

As soon as the ladies went onto the patio to dry off, Barney quickly swam over to the other two fellas and made an observation.

"Madison grew some huge-ass tits, dude," he said, as he could see - even from a distance now - Maddy's large bosoms bouncing around a bit in her top.

"Don't I know this," Dick remarked.

His very special moment with Madeline - in which she used her breasts to effectively masturbate Dick's overtly large cock - was a memory that he kept to himself. As much as he wanted to brag to the boys, he felt it was more special if only the women and himself knew about it. It was up to Maddy if she wanted anyone else to hear the explicit details of that adventurous afternoon.

"I can't stop staring at her ass," Barney continued.

"She does have a nice ass, doesn't she," Craig agreed.

"I was so preoccupied with her big boobs at first, but, dude, she also has quite a nice, round butt," the Bussett boy said with gusto.

Sex was constantly on the boys' minds, but at the moment they seemed more inclined to live out their exhibitionist fantasies.

After a nice, relaxing swim in the pool, the young men were in a playful mood.

Barney had an idea to make some water balloons, and with Dick and Craig's assistance, they quickly started assembling a pile of them.

They went about their task in earnest, distracted only by a growing number of Tamaulipas Crows circling and squawking overhead.

It was nature and nudism abound.

As the girls joined the boys on the patio, Barney picked up one of the water balloons and appeared poised to toss it at Maddy.

"Don't you dare," Carrie told him. "Sweetie, if you want to toss them around, we can do that, but we are not going to start pegging each other with them."

"Yeah, those things can hurt," Maddy added, as she persistently tried to wring out her hair with a big Port Arthur beach towel.

The girls assembled one line and the boys assembled their own, opposite the girls. Carrie decided to skip the balloon toss and started straightening up the patio.

"Staubach goes deep," Dick said, imitating his favorite quarterback before launching a soft toss to his stepsis.

Comically, the balloon burst and splashed in Janet's hands.

"Nice, Dick," Janet laughed, as the others continued to have a catch.

Right alongside Janet, one of the water balloons exploded and drenched Krendy's chest.

"This is why I never played softball," she joked, as her soaked bathing suit further emphasized her large breasts.

"I tried to catch it like a big beach ball," she said, poking fun at herself.

Seeing Krendy in such sexy swimwear not only aroused the boys tremendously, but it also cracked them up how Deb's formal demeanor all those years seemed to have greatly concealed just how fun-spirited she was.

After a while, it was down to just Barney and Maddy. As the pair tossed the balloons back and forth, everyone drew in closer.

"How does he stay focused? I'm having enough trouble keeping my eyes off Madeline's big water balloons," Craig said.

Maddy, in turn, was distracted by Barney's big, bouncing cock. Craig inadvertently looked over at his buddy and saw that he was sprouting an enormous erection.

"Aw dude, what the hell?" Craig said in disgust, turning his head away from the sight, just as the women began to make it their primary focus.

And it was quite a sight. Barney's extremely rigid penis was standing straight up, even smacking his taught belly every now and then.

"God, it looks like Apollo 17," Craig laughed.

"Heavens, I don't think I've ever seen one point up so straight like that," Krendy commented.

"This young man is very, very excited about his nudism experience," Carrie smiled.

"Honest to God, Emerson Construction couldn't erect something more sturdy and firm," Krendy raved.

Every time Barney caught the balloon, his dick bounced up and down with tremendous energy. Maddy started cracking up, to the extent where she was actually bent over at the waist, laughing her head off.

It entertained her so much now that Barney did it on purpose, dancing around and bouncing his prick up and down, side to side. The uncompromising hardness of his erection didn't allow it to swing in a circle, more just all over the place, like he was giving it a workout.

"I'm...made for dancin'," Janet jokingly sang as Barney contorted and frolicked about.

Beyond the comedic value of this display, Maddy found the sight of his strong, hard and eager cock pretty darn arousing.

"Hey, Disco Star," she teased, "can you go like this? Can you balance it on your cock and fling it up in the air?"

"I can sure try," the Bussett boy quickly replied.

He gladly satisfied her request.

The balloon only went a few inches in the air but that was good enough for applause. It splashed to the ground.

"That was awesome," Maddy exclaimed, rubbing Barney's shoulder.

"Ya' gotta great cock," she openly complimented him with a giggle, knowing he would enjoy it. "You do. You have a really nice cock."

Maddy also said it in a way like she was simply pointing out the obvious, which got him even more excited.

"Thanks," he replied.

"Seriously," she followed up with a smile, her stare lingering on his excited genitalia.

He flexed his prick again, making her giggle.

"You have a big dick," she said matter-of-factly, giggling, giving Barney plenty of attention while Janet had walked in closer to Craig, flirting with him and squeezing his butt.

"That's...gotta be at least a seven incher," Maddy said.

"Exactly," Barney said.

"I'm developing quite the eye for these things," Maddy told him with pride.

She was staring at it, the point of focus.

"Oh God," Barney uttered, just as his intense feelings of arousal began to boil over. A substantial amount of semen shot out from Barney's prick and splashed at Maddy's feet, causing her to jump back.

"Holy shit," she said, startled.

Without even being touched, Barney's erection shot forth several white ropes.

"Jesus, it's like the Lone Star Geyser," he said, his voice trembling.

Barney was groaning, sort of apologetic, like he just couldn't control it.

"Holy Toledo?!" Krendy said while watching this captivating display unfold.

"Oh my God, it's not gonna stop. It's not gonna fuckin' stop," he said.

"Watch out!" Krendy advised cheerfully, their eyes darting upwards to follow each huge volley of semen.

"Oh look at it, look at it, look at him go!" Krendy yelled. "Ha-ha-ha!"

"Holy cow, did you see the arc on that one?" Janet gushed.

One last spurt.

"Ha! That was a little one," Janet said.

"It was little but fat, thick," Maddy remarked.

"Look at all that!" Janet exclaimed.

"Sweetie, I didn't get to see Saint Vincent, but I have to imagine that was pretty darn close," Krendy told Barney.

"Was that normal for you?" Maddy inquired.

"It's been a while," Bussett explained, still somewhat embarrassed.

She giggled.

"When you're a chronic masturbator like him," Craig said, "going one day equals a month for a normal person."

"Shut up, dude," Barney replied.

"God, one hour in and he blows his load," Craig joked.

"That was some load," Krendy rollicked. "Holy Toledo."

"I'm so sorry," he still pleaded.

"Sweetie, sweetie, why on Earth are you apologizing?" Krendy asked. "For Pete's sake, that was an amazing ejaculatory extravaganza you just put on."

Barney was proud to hear her say that. In fact, it was very encouraging.

********************

"Barney, hon, you wanna get the hose?" Carrie suggested, as she glanced down upon the multiple - and substantial - puddles of ejaculate the young Bussett boy had unwillingly deposited all over the back patio.

Carrie's smirk suggested she was mighty impressed with Barney's potency, but was always intent on keeping her yard and patio a spotless example of perfection.

"Yes, mam. I am so sorry Mrs. Parker," was the young man's response.

"It's okay, hon," she told him with a chuckle. "We're all here to have a good time."

As Barney went to work with the hose, the rest of the group sat down and began to chat. The four women sat at the picnic table while Dick and Craig grabbed a couple of lawn chairs and pulled them up close to the gals.

"Did anyone see 'Manhattan?'" Krendy inquired, sparking a discussion about the latest flicks.

"I did," Janet burst out. "It was really good."

"John Schneider was on the cover of TV Guide this week," Maddy interjected, casually changing the subject.

"Oh my God, he is such a fox," Janet raved.

"Tell me about it," her friend immediately agreed.

Dick and Craig kind of rolled their eyes at the topic of conversation, and as if one cue, Carrie offered her stepson a chance to get away for a sec.

"Oh, Dick, you wanna go make some iced tea, hon?" she suggested.

"Yes, mam," he dutifully replied, quickly getting to his feet.

"Dick, just use the pitcher on the counter, sweetie," Carrie calmly instructed him.

Janet and Maddy continued to talk over the noise created by the spray of the hose against the hot patio, as Barney was persistent with his task.

"I think you missed a spot, dude," Craig teased his friend.

"Shut up, man," Barney fired back. "Not my finest moment."

"Bernard, darling, come join the rest of the group," Krendy offered. "The patio looks just fine, dear."

Krendy scooched over to give Barney a seat next to her on the bench. She then crossed her legs, right leg over her left. Barney couldn't keep himself from glancing down to see her big, lovely thighs.

'Oh, God, they're even more substantial and thick when she has her legs crossed like that,' Barney thought to himself. 'I'm gonna frickin' end up exploding again.'

"Did you pick your classes yet?" Janet asked Barney in a somewhat harsh tone.

"Bernard hasn't even finished high school yet, isn't that right, Bernard?" Krendy announced.

The young man could only shrug.

"Bernard!" Maddy yelled. "What the hell is wrong with you?"

"Lazy," Krendy suggested. "A warmhearted and engaging young man but as lazy as the day is long."

"Some of those classes were hard," he said of his last semester at Temple High.

"Well that's the point, sweetie," Krendy smiled. "Gosh if you would only apply yourself, you'd be surprised what you can do."

Barney did not argue. He listened to their advice, which now came from every direction, including Janet, Maddy and Craig.

"Tough love," Krendy said with a smile. "We're all being hard on you but you need to hear it."

Barney suddenly had a thought, and given the newfound crush he had on Ms. Krendall, it seemed to make sense.

"You could be my tutor," he suggested.

"Oh no," she said, leaning back in her seat, laughing. "I do not want to go down that road. Darling, you would drive me up a wall."

A somewhat sad look of dejection came across Barney's young, boyish face.

"There are plenty of tutors available at Temple Junior College if you get stuck in a rut, hon," she offered.

"But you're nice," he persisted.

"Nice? Sweetie, do you not remember having me as your third grade teacher?" Krendy laughed.

"My mom is anything but nice when she's in the classroom, Bernard," even her daughter, Maddy, admitted.

Barney thought back and remembered his days with Krendy, who, at that time, was Mrs. Walsh.

That was years before Barney would learn of her more tender side, her playful side, how she could laugh at a crass joke, and maybe even tell one. And it was years before he would ever see her in a bathing suit. My oh my.

Even the more serious version of Ms. Krendall turned him on. He liked thinking of her as a harsh disciplinarian, a woman in control.

"From what I remember, you didn't do too badly when you had me as a teacher," Krendy recalled. "I believe I got the best out of you. It was up to me to sort of give you a little kick in the butt."

And with that, Deb innocently patted Barney on the top of his naked rear end. It was a simple gesture, one without any sexual intentions. But God bless Barney Bussett. He could not keep his inner urges from taking over once again.

Just that slight physical contact with Krendy triggered something. Blood immediately rushed into Barney's penis and he could feel his dick quickly growing into a full-on erection.

Thank goodness it was concealed under the table, for the moment.

"Oh, Craig, I knew there was something I wanted to ask you, darling," Krendy posed, looking over at her other former student. "Does your dad do the ads for Shell Gas?"

"Yeah," he laughed.

"I LOVE those," Krendy raved. "Carr and I were talking when one of them came on the T.V. and she mentioned it was your dad's company. That commercial cracks me up.'"

"Yeah that's his pride and joy," Craig remarked with a grin.

Krendy just went on.

"And then the song keeps going, dah-dah-dah...I just think that's really catchy."

Now it was Janet and Maddy who were rolling their eyes.

"What? I do, I think that's catchy," Krendy persisted.

Just then, Dick appeared at the kitchen door, ready to come back out to the party, pitcher of iced tea and cups in hand. He gestured that he needed assistance.

"Barney, could you hold the door for Dick? His hands are full, sweetie," Carrie suggested easily.

Barney hesitated. If he got up, he'd have to once again deal with the embarrassment of an unruly hard-on. He had hoped Maddy or Janet would just go over and hold the door. Or maybe Craig might jump up. But nobody was budging. He started to get anxious.

"Bernard? Hold the door for Dick, hon, he needs help," Krendy offered, even crossing her legs again, indirectly making Barney's situation that much worse.

He couldn't move.

"Barney! Get up off your butt," Janet said.

The young Bussett boy slowly and reluctantly stood up from the patio bench. He was seated so close to the table that, as he rose, his erection caught underneath the table and then, once it was freed, sprang up as if it were Alexander the Great's mighty catapult. Barney's prick smacked loudly against his belly.

Everyone at the table saw - and heard - Barney's massive erection, which, despite his embarrassment, was a truly magnificent sight.

"My goodness, young man, again?" Krendy said with wide-eyed wonder, shocked that he could so quickly be at full mast again, given his earlier outburst.

"It doesn't want to go down," Barney said in an apologetic tone.

"I'll get the door for Dick," Carrie said with a laugh, getting a kick out of Barney's persistent and seemingly uncontrollable erections.

Barney tried to sit back down but Krendy suggested otherwise.

"Sweetie, try and walk it off," she laughed, cracking the others up.

"Do some jumping jacks," Maddy teased him.

"No. No jumping jacks. I might break my ribs with it," he said, poking fun at his current condition.

His openly candid comment, made somewhat in frustration, only made the women crack up even more.

"Sweetie, what prompted this?" Krendy inquired. "What were we talking about, does anyone remember?"

"School and then Craig's dad's ad on television!?" Maddy replied, as if to say, 'how the hell did that get Barney so excited?'

Dick, unfazed by Barney's condition, calmly poured everyone some iced tea. 'This is just typical Barney Bussett,' Dick thought to himself.

Barney, still standing while everyone else was seated, became the object of the women's playful gaze.

"Sweetie, turn to the side just a bit. I just want to get the proper perspective," Krendy offered, cracking the girls up.

The young Bussett boy did as instructed, giving the women a side view. His erection was even that much more pronounced.

"Look at that," Deb said, with a gasp. "Look how tall and firm."

"It's a seven-incher," Maddy raved.

"I don't care what size it is. It's the ferocity that impresses me," Krendy gushed. "Goodness, I thought he would need the whole rest of the day to recover from that earlier display. But not in the least. He's right back up again. With a vengeance it seems."

Barney patiently stood, knowing full well there were four sets of eyes lingering on his dork. It had such an unmistakable hardness and even an uncompromising sturdiness that some playful jokes soon followed.

"Sweetie, just watch out for those dreadful crows. One of them may decide to use you as a perch," Krendy joked.

The girls leaned back in their chairs in rollicking laughter. Their amusement only caused Barney to grow that much more aroused, even moaning a bit as he could feel a small dose of pre-cum emerge from his tall, strained shaft.

And now the real surprise came. With so much attention placed on Barney, the women didn't notice that Craig was hiding something pretty spectacular himself. As he readjusted himself in his seat, his rather large hard-on bounced about, and Ms. Krendall caught sight of it.

"Oh and Craiger, you too?" Krendy whooped and hollered.

"God, both of you guys," Maddy teased them, as she got up from her seat to get a better view of each.

"We're all having a nice conversation at the picnic table and just like that, you two are sprouting a couple of huge boners," Janet chastised them, albeit with an adorable grin. "Unacceptable behavior, boys, just unacceptable."

As much as they wanted to just fade into the background at this point, Barney and Craig were very much the center of attention. Janet and Maddy could not take their eyes of the boys' pricks, the pre-cum on their heads making them glisten in the August sun.

Realizing that the girls were staring anyway, Craig decided to draw more attention to his.

"You wanna see a magic trick?" he asked.

"If it involves your cock, yes," Maddy said emphatically with a big smile.

"Uh-oh, what's he doin'?" Janet remarked as she drew in closer.

Craig began flexing his hard-on up and down, without any assistance from his hands. It moved north and south to such a degree it appeared like a throbbing fifth limb.

The girls were already in hysterics.

"How does he do that?!" Janet raved.

Craig showed no hesitation in showing off his special gift, which appeared to be a very dexterous male organ.

"This is like an X-rated puppet show," Maddy raved.

"Yeah but I don't see any strings," Janet remarked.

Even Barney was impressed with his friend's skills, and now Deb, originally seated comfortably at the table, got up to get a better view of Craig's performance.

"Mom, look at this," Maddy said excitedly.

"I am. Very entertaining," Krendy said with a chuckle.

"He can really move that thing," Janet said, playfully understating Craig's abilities.

"To say the least," Deb raved. "For Pete's sake, I think he's stumbled onto some new form of schlong calisthenics."

Craig loved their compliments and giddy demeanor.

"It's great to have an audience for once," he stated, poking fun at himself and admitting he had done this before, by himself.

The girls wanted, and demanded more.

"Can you smack your stomach with it?" Maddy inquired in between laughs.

"Oh Gawd," her mom replied, cracking up.

"I'm serious!" Maddy persisted. "Move it up and down again, I wanna see if you can..."

Craig did as requested, and much to their delight, he could flex his erection up and down with so much command that it did audibly slap his belly.

Now he sat down on the warm cement of the patio, leaned back a bit, and made his penis flop back and forth between his legs from one side to the other. Back and forth it went, from his left thigh to his right thigh.

"I call this 'the windshield wiper,'" he joked.

Janet and Madison had not seen many penises up to this point in their lives, mostly just sketched, lifeless diagrams in sex-education books.

Seeing a young man such as Craiger move his about with such command was quite an eye-opening experience. He was like a magician flaunting his very majestic wand.

It flopped back and forth so vigorously that it left everybody on the brink of sheer amazement - and amusement.

"Jesus, dude, stop wagging that thing," Barney said, cracking up.

"I had no idea a guy could move his penis around like that," Maddy burst out.

"Neither did I," said the mom with a hearty chuckle, as the women practically fell over each other, laughing their heads off.

"There are some penises in the animal kingdom that are prehensile, meaning they can actually grasp things with them," Krendy pointed out, never taking her eyes off Craig's throbbing tool. "This is probably the closest thing I've ever seen to a human male having one of those. Oh Good Lord..."

"I've just always been able to do it," Craig said, continuing to flex his fully-erect prick.

"We all have our special talents," Krendy laughed.

"I can wiggle my ears a bit," Janet said.

"Craig can wiggle his cock," Maddy replied in such a cute tone.

Barney was now relaxed enough to the point where his penis had returned to its semi-erect state. He wanted to join the performance.

He wasn't able to put on a show of penis acrobatics like his friend, but instead simply rolled his hips to make his fat, floppy organ swing about in a circle.

"Ah yeah, there's some helicopter," Maddy exclaimed.

"He's really good at that," Janet laughed.

With all of this attention now placed squarely on their penises and the various tricks and stunts they could muster, Maddy just stood back and took it all in.

"This has turned into a frickin' talent show for their cocks," she said with a laugh.

"It has, hasn't it?," her mom added. "An impromptu one at that, but nevertheless."

Dick was simply delighted that - for once - all the attention was off him. He enjoyed having his friends revel in the moment.

"You guys are such showoffs," Krendy teased them.

Craig and Barney soon just stood there, the moment overcoming them, their penises once again returning to their fully-aroused state. The boys just couldn't help it. Being naked in front of so many women, for so long, with so much attention placed on their very talented schlongs was more than enough to bring them to the threshold. Pre-cum glistened on the heads of their dicks, a very telling sign of how much they enjoyed the girls' company and their amused demeanor. 

Their hard-ons practically beckoned for attention. The girls simply just could not ignore them.

"If we don't do something with this," Maddy said aloud, "we oughta be ashamed of ourselves."

********************

"I just got an idea," Janet said with a mischievous grin.

"What?" Maddy inquired, as Carrie and Krendy sat down and began to chat at the picnic table.

Janet had to suppress a laugh.

"I have these plastic rings..." she began.

"We could..." she continued, gesturing that they could toss these rings at the boys, and a certain part of their anatomy.

"Ohhhh, that's awesome," Maddy said.

The girls giggled with tremendous delight at the very thought of playing such a game with the boys' towering erections.

As Janet ran excitedly into the house, Krendy knew something was up.

"What are you two planning?" the mom asked.

"Janet's getting these plastic rings that came with some lawn game she used to have," Maddy told her mother.

"Oh, hon, I don't think we have the poles anymore for that game, and if we do, they're buried in the garage somewhere," Carrie interjected.

"Oh we have the poles," Maddy said teasingly.

"Where? I don't see any poles," Krendy persisted.

Janet returned, rings in hand.

"Janet, darling, what are you two up to? I can't get a straight answer from my daughter," Deb said from the table, swatting away a yellow jacket.

"Me and Maddy are gonna take turns throwing the rings," Janet said.

"At what?" Krendy asked.

"Not at what, at who? Craig and Barney," Janet explained.

Krendy was about to give up. She just didn't get what they were driving at. But she gave it one last try.

"I just don't understand," she admitted.

"Mom, me and Janet are gonna take turns throwing the rings, at Barney and Craig, and the object is to get the rings around their cocks," Maddy spelled out.

Carrie thought it was fantastic. She laughed heartily at the girls' idea and their brazenness.

Krendy, after bristling at the concept initially, had to agree it was a pretty neat idea as well.

"And you boys are okay with this?" she asked, albeit in between a few hearty chuckles.

"Yeah, it's cool. It's all in good fun," Barney said, with Craig endorsing the plan as well.

As the girls went about organizing their little game, Deb offered some advice.

"Hon, why don't you have the boys stand at opposite ends of the patio, like a game of horse shoes," she said, finding humor at her own idea.

Carrie pointed out that this particular form of entertainment was not at all a new concept.

"Ya' know I've seen this kind of thing a lot of times at some of the galas I've attended," she said to Krendy. "To pretty epic proportions (laugh)..."

"And the girls stumbled upon it on their own. How wonderful," Deb said wholeheartedly.

As the game began, just throwing that first ring and see it bounce off Craig's thighs made the girls crack up.

"My first actual game of cock ring toss. I love it," Maddy gushed.

All the boys had to do was stand there and let the girls make a game of their huge erections. When the first few rounds of throws did not find their targets, Janet demanded further assistance from the guys.

"Can you kind of...push your midsection out more, like this?" she simulated. "Make your cock stand way out and up, away from your body."

The boys grew strangely fond of following the girls' instructions.

'What were these tickling submissive desires they had?,' they each pondered.

Here they were, naked as could be, with the girls fully covered up in their bathing suits, and the girls were using the boys as mere props in a very risque backyard game. And the boys loved it.

Maddy attempted a throw. It came up short, evoking some laughs.

Janet's toss hit the head of Craig's stiff organ, making it sway.

"Ooo, do I get a point if it hits his penis but doesn't go around it?" Janet asked.

"It's gotta go around it," Maddy said with playful conviction, because giving the game actual rules made it more real, more tangible.

"Shame on you girls, making sport of their current...condition," Krendy said with a chuckle.

"It's fun," was Janet's response.

The game progressed, and gained momentum. The score went back and forth between the two. Maddy even managed to land two ringers in a row.

But the amusement surrounding the situation reached its crescendo when the boys appeared to be - in an effort to assist the girls - thrusting their pricks as high up into the air as they could.

"That's it, gimme a nice, big target," Maddy encouraged them.

"Keep it sturdy and upright," Janet instructed them.

The girls wondered if they might as well play all the way until one of them reached 21 points. After all, that was the rule for horse shoes and other similar backyard games.

Another ringer.

Then another.

The local baseball team would have given anything for this type of consistency.

"Oh, yes!" Maddy yelled in jubilation, hopping up and down on the warm concrete. "That gives me 21, unless you can top it."

Janet took a deep breath. Her gaze was on Craig's cock, some 10 feet away. She slowly and carefully tossed one more ring, one last chance, but it hit Barney's tummy, bouncing to the ground.

"Aw shucks," she said.

"Who won?" Carrie asked.

Maddy's emphatic celebration provided the answer.

Janet, meanwhile, went to fetch the rings and put them away. Two of them still encircled Barney's seven-inch wiener. Out of disgust, Janet pushed the first plastic ring down hard on his erection before pulling it off, causing Barney's stiff prick to fling upwards and smack his tummy. He cringed just a bit.

The second ring, she pulled down even harder. His dork flung up and down like the big ole diving board at the Sammons Park Pool.

"Ugh, I hate to lose," Janet remarked under her breath.

A certain buzz began to permeate. Craig and Barney loved the girls' attention. Likewise, Janet and Maddy felt very much in control of the situation.

Krendy congratulated the two boys for their efforts, but felt something - or someone - was missing.

"Oh, Dick," Deb said, turning around and gazing at the young man, seated over at the picnic table, almost out of sight of the group. "I just feel bad you didn't get to join in on the festivities."

Dick felt obligated to get up and make it easier for Krendy to speak to him. He walked over and stood by her side.

While Craig and Barney still sported noticeable erections, Dick was very much under control, the product of his conditioning.

His penis remained completely flaccid, although hanging down a good distance between his legs.

"Shucks, ring toss doesn't do Parker justice," Craig remarked. "Just have one of the girls toss him a softball and he could probably smack it into the Fishers' yard with that thing."

Krendy immediately burst out laughing.

"Oh good grief," she mustered.

"Dude, that thing resembles the giant python that King Kong had to tussle with on Skull Island," Barney added.

Krendy nearly fell off her seat.

"God, Mom," Maddy laughed.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she fought to get out, in between chuckles. "It's the imagery. Oh my God, you boys are too much..."

Dick, always a good sport when jokes were made at his expense, swiveled his hips, making his outsized organ swing pendulously from side to side, smacking his thighs. Krendy, biting down lightly on her index finger, mentioned offhand that the sight conjured up memories of a long-ago road trip to the Oregon Convention Center, and its giant swinging Foucault Pendulum.

Everyone laughed.

The boys took that as an invitation to crack more (big) dick jokes.

"Jesus, Parker, how did you ever run track?" Barney pondered aloud. "Didn't that thing ever flop into the next lane and trip the guy running next to you?"

The laughter just intensified, and Dick, as always, played it off with a wonderful, boyish grin. Krendy, tickled to death by the boys' playful taunts at Dick's incredibly large organ, whooped and hollered in delight.

Carrie, with a pleasant, maternal grin aimed in Dick's direction, waited patiently until the waves of laughter subsided.

"If I may interrupt these enthralling comments from the Peanut Gallery," Carrie began with a wry grin. "Dick, hon, you wanna help me bring out more stuff?"

********************

The young Parker boy obediently followed his step mother inside to the kitchen.

Pretzels, chips and iced tea were being organized on a nice, neat tray to be taken back out to the patio. But in this hurried task, Carrie found time to initiate an important back-and-forth dialogue with her stepson.

"Do you ever talk to your friends about CFNM, hon?" she asked so sweetly, so gently. "Today's a great opportunity for it."

Dick shrugged.

"I dunno," he said. "I try not to talk to Barney and Craig about anything."

Carrie smiled.

"Fair enough, sweetie," she played along, "but all I'm saying is, it's nice to have a couple of friends - ya' know - that are interested in the same kind of thing."

Dick began to respond but let Carrie continue.

"Now I am no philosopher," said the wonderfully-engaging brunette, now casually leaning up against the corner of the kitchen table. "But when I was in high school, my swim coach drew an analogy to the three rivers."

"Three Rivers," she repeated. "It's a city in Live Oak County. It's named for - ding, ding, ding, you guessed it - its proximity to three rivers.

"See, the Atascosa joins the Frio north of the city, while the Frio joins the Nueces south of the city."

Dick had this adorable, puzzled look.

"But anyhoo," Carrie went on, "my coach stressed the importance of unity. People coming together, joining forces."

Dick nodded, his mind dwelling on the rivers and the thought of a strong current, how he felt more and more drawn, more and more taken by this wonderful new lifestyle he was embarking on. The tide was carrying him further and further.

"Well, enough analogies," Carrie laughed. "And it always cracks me up to this day how everything my dear coach said had something to do with water. For goodness sake, I know we were a swim team, but good grief."

Heading back out, refreshments and all, Carrie and Dick walked right into a heated conversation.

"Oh c'mon, King Kong was a bad movie," Maddy argued.

"No, it wasn't," Barney fired back, taking a seat at the picnic table. "Jessica Lange in that skimpy, little outfit, I mean c'mon."

"The special affects were soooo bad," Janet continued. "That giant hand going across the screen, that was sooooo stupid."

"Totally," Maddy chimed in.

"I love King Kong," was all Barney could say. "Love that movie."

The cinematic discussion had subsided, and everyone jostled for room at the picnic table and indulged in some late-afternoon snacks. Craig and Barney, much more relaxed now in more ways than one, sat comfortably, their erections having subsided. Their nudity, as it had been for the entire day, was as much an accepted part of the scenery as Carrie's Black-Eyed Susans. And just as natural and free.

"So," Maddy began, crunching into a pretzel. "Are you two guys CFNM aficionados like your buddy, Dick?"

"Are we what, and what?" Barney responded.

Maddy laughed.

"CFNM? You do know what CFNM means, right?" she posed.

Carrie looked over at Dick, nodding to him, as if to say 'see? The topic came up on its own.'

"CFNM," Krendy repeated. "It's an acronym."

Barney hesitated to say anything.

"Acronym means - " Craig began.

"I know what an acronym is, dude," Barney fired back.

Again, just silence.

"It stands for Clothed Female Naked Male," Maddy explained. "For goodness sake, I shouldn't have to spell it out for you - you've been living it for the past several hours."

Barney and Craig looked at each other, like they had wandered into some foreign territory without even knowing it.

"It falls under the umbrella of a nudist lifestyle," Krendy calmly explained, licking some mustard off her fingers. "But with one major exception. The men go nude, but the women do not reciprocate, hon."

It was quiet. Barney's brain was at work.

"Reciprocate means - " Craig began.

"I know what reciprocate means, dude," he said, annoyed.

Everyone chuckled a bit.

"The women - they keep their clothes on, sweetie," Krendy said gently.

"Oh," Barney answered.

The boys didn't know what to make of it. Part of them wanted to argue the unfairness of that particular dynamic, but at the same time, if this is what they were indulging in - and greatly enjoying - all afternoon, how could they argue its merits.

"Guys, it's like this," Dick spoke up.

"I'll give 'ya the cliff notes version," he said simply, trying to relate to them. "I just learned about CFNM recently, but it's...it's kind of something that goes back generations in my family.

"At the heart of it is, well, kind of a surrender to the opposite sex, in sort of an act of love and devotion," he said, feeling at first like he was doing an awkward oral presentation but then feeling more and more at ease.

"Listen to you, Parker," Craig laughed. "You sound like Luke right after he learned about the Force. All of a sudden, he's getting all preachy about it with Han, like he wrote the book on it or something."

"It always goes back to Star Wars," Janet joked, noting the boys' preoccupation with that particular film.

Before Dick could clearly make his point, Barney jumped in.

"I had a fantasy once," he admitted. "I actually was so excited by it, I...sort of started writing it down."

"Well okay, let's hear," Krendy urged.

"It's on a faraway planet," Barney began.

"Yeah? What's the name of it?" Craig asked eagerly.

"Dude, don't interrupt," Barney fired back.

There was a pause, indicating that Barney's story was still very much under construction.

"The name of the planet is...well it's Dallas Two," he muttered.

As much as they tried to hold back, the rest of the group couldn't hold back a chuckle.

"Are you serious? Dallas Two? Dude, could you be any less creative?" Craig jokingly criticized.

"Oh c'mon," came Krendy to the rescue. "I think it's a wonderful start. Hon, do go on..."

"Well, I couldn't think of a name yet. Dallas Two might just be...temporary.

"So anyways. Dallas Two is a planet going through rough times, for over two centuries now. Rain is scarce, everything is very dry.

"But the one thing going for it is that the planet is under the maternal, loving care of the mountain goddesses - the most beautiful creatures in the galaxy.

"See on this planet, women rule the world - in a good way. And men are their servants. They do backbreaking work all day long, to please their goddesses. But it is a happy balance - the men know their place and are happy, excited..."

Krendy lightly bit down on her lower lip, excited and enthralled about what she was hearing.

"See on Dallas Two," Barney went on, "all of the men must go completely nude, as a sign of respect to the women. The men like being nude, they enjoy being nude. Well it, it's sort of a utopia..."

"A CFNM utopia?" Maddy suggested.

"Yeah, exactly. A CF-M & M's utopia," he said, jokingly mixing up the acronym to make it sound like some sort of chocolate candy.

Krendy clapped, wanting to hear more. She even pushed her chair closer to Barney, now just seated a few feet away.

"I created a role for myself on the planet. My name is Regor - well, it's Roger spelled backwards, as in Roger Staubach. I'm the most potent man on the planet."

"Potent?" Janet asked with a grin.

"See, all of the men, in addition to being the mountain goddesses' primary work force, the men also need to be milked on a regular basis. Their sperm is bottled, saved, and ultimately used for procreation.

"Not only is there CF-M & M's going on, the men are harvested, lovingly coaxed and brought to climax by the mountain goddesses..."

"Ooo, wicked," Maddy cooed.

"Captain Regor, well, I'm the most fertile," Barney announced with gusto.

"Well that's right on the nose," Krendy replied. "Sweetie, I think you fertilized the Parkers' entire back yard today. Enough for a whole new civilization!"

Celebrating Barney's earlier climactic moments soon gave way to more detailing of his epic tale.

"Regor enjoys a wonderful existence, at one time or another milked by every goddess in the quadrant. He has incredible potency.

"The women, meanwhile, provide such a peaceful presence, with voices as sweet as a song bird," he said, further painting a picture. "Men are even't allowed to see a woman until age 18 - they can't comprehend the beauty."

"Not even see a woman?" asked Janet, astonished.

"Well, they live on opposite sides of the planet. The women live in the San Antonio's - again, I'll think of a better name later, but anyways, they're gorgeous pink mountains, fluffy clouds encircling each lofty peak. But yeah, the men have to be conditioned, years of eager anticipation before they get to see a goddess in her most natural state. If they saw one before that, God, the guy would just explode..."

"Am I in your story dude?" Craig asked.

"Totally, dude, I hooked you up. You're this dynamite farm hand who helps Princess Turquois with her acres and acres of territory..."

"Hey, I'll take it," Craig said happily.

"And how bout Dick, hon, is he in your story?" Krendy asked, taking a sip of her iced tea.

Barney laughed.

"Well, there's a character that was sort of inspired by Parker, but it's not exactly human..."

"It's this male creature called a dallastinian," Barney went on "and its wiener is bigger than the rest of his body. It can use it to carry buckets and other farm supplies around the grounds..."

The definition of this mythical creature elicited chuckles from the group, and caused Dick to rise to his feet, and take a playful bow.

"Sweetie, come here," Krendy said with affection, soon rubbing his arm. "For goodness sake, sweetheart, your remarkable dork has been the subject of so many satirical jabs today."

"Eh, I gotta admit this thing's rife for parody," Dick replied. "This thing is outrageous..."

The fact that he was, himself, in awe of his own massive organ only caused more humor to flow. Dick indulged the crowd further.

"You do the hokey pokey and ya' swing yourself around," he said, rolling his hips to cause his long, flaccid penis to swing about in a circular motion.

Everyone, including Dick, had a good laugh.

"You're one groovy dude, Parker," Barney said with praise. "Kinda quiet, keeps to himself, watches The Incredible Hulk and C.H.I.P.S., builds models...all the while lugging around a frickin eight-inch softy."

Dick continued to make his dork swing back and forth, evoking a chorus of shrieks and high-pitched laughter.

"Barney, I want a written copy of your story in four to six weeks," Krendy lovingly encouraged. "I am serious, young man, I want to see you keep working at your craft. Seems like you finally found a fitting outlet for your imagination."

"Just takes time," Barney replied.

Only a few seconds of quiet followed before Maddy, Janet and Krendy urged Craig to share something of himself, of his innermost desires and secrets.

"God how do you follow that up?" Craig asked, in admiration of Barney's intergalactic CFNM utopia. "You crack me up, dude."

Craig then took a deep breath and poured forth his thoughts.

"A while back, this girl I was dating, well, she had an older sister," Craig recalled, kick-starting his memory.

"One day I was over, my girlfriend at the time, and her sis, were laughing about something, and one of the older sister's friends was over too."

Nervousness and excitement built up so much in young Craig that he recanted each part of his story in between short, rapid breaths. He knew he had to settle down and push forward.

"They were laughing, carrying on, and the friend says 'oh my God, you have to show Craig the photos.'

"Well before I know it, they're fighting over these pictures, passing them back and forth. Laughing and giggling all along. They finally show me, and they're these pictures, from an office party. With this completely naked, buff dude dancing around."

"Naked, naked?" Janet excitedly asked.

"Naked, naked," Craig admitted. "I was like 'aaaaaaahhhhhhh!'"

Laughter ensued.

"I mean, they did it to tease me, to be like 'hey Craig, check out these pictures from our office party.' Ya know, funny - ha-ha. But the explanation behind the pictures was even more noteworthy. Apparently, every Friday, they had this guy go nude - the whole day at the office. Like a CFNM Friday of sorts."

"Oh YES!" Maddy exalted.

"I mean, the guy was a male stripper on the side anyways so..."

"Oh well that explains it," Janet gushed.

"God, they just kept talking about his ass and how sexy it was. On and on and on. I kind of got a kick out of it though, how they could talk about a hot guy just like dudes talk about a smokin' hot chick. And very eloquently too..."

"Now how did that make you feel, Craiger, the women speaking so candidly and excitedly about the male form?" Krendy posed.

"It was weird. A combination of emotions...outnumbered, intimidated...aroused, defeated...very excited and very much alive," he said with a wonderfully bright smile. "I think that tingle I got was the beginning of my appreciation for, well, the word of the day."

"CFNM!" the chorus erupted.

A warm feeling of euphoria seemed to splash over the group.

"Speaking of male strippers," Maddy said, jumping from her lawn chair. "Mom, you have GOT to tell them about your trip to San Fran."

"Oh my goodness, yes, I think you'll get a kick out of it," Krendy said, crossing her legs and composing herself. "A couple years ago, was it two years ago? Yes, yes, yes because it was just after Francine's - my niece - after her graduation, which was '77. So anyway..."

"Rebecca Wanstedt - the future mayor, if you will," Krendy said teasingly, getting a wry grin from Carrie. "Well, she has friends in high places, to say the least.

"She took me out to San Francisco that summer - we had been talking about it for a while. Well we go to Fisherman's Wharf, Golden Gate Park, but (laugh), the most memorable part of our excursion was a trip to Dawn McKenzie's, this wealthy, wealthy - did I point out she was wealthy? - woman who lived in a very rich, secluded area of San Fran. Anyways, she had several, several men working for her, from cooks to pool cleaners, to landscapers, to gardeners...

"And (laugh)...Jumping Jahosafat, all of the men were dressed in these tight, bikini-style swimsuits, and nothing else!"

"Ha, dynamite," Craig burst out.

"A woman after my own heart," Barney followed. "I'd love to have her bossing me around."

"Totally gorgeous, half-naked guys," Maddy adored, thrilled with the idea that such a work force existed.

"Hey, Parker, sounds like we found a summer job for ya,'" Barney suggested to his friend. "Why don't you send her an application?"

Deb scoffed.

"Oh well, hon, with darling Ms. McKenzie, from what I gathered, her idea of an application is she hands you a speedo and says 'here, fill this out...'"

Before the group could recover, Krendy hit them with another fastball.

"All of the men working for her appeared to be extremely well-endowed," Krendy said in a very calm, sophisticated demeanor. "I have heard of size queens, but by God, I have never seen it taken to such lengths - oh goodness, no pun intended."

"So, I'll say it again. Parker, we found a summer job for ya,'" Barney exclaimed.

"Ha!" Krendy laughed. "Oh, Dick, sweetie, I say this with loving sincerity - hon, you would fit right in."

Carrie and Janet were entertained by Deb's story, Maddy enthralled by it, while the boys - even Dick, were finding it more and more difficult to control themselves and their excitement.

"Could you tell they were big?" Barney offered.

"The bulges in their trunks were outrageous!" Krendy recalled excitedly. "For Heaven's sake, the gardener - his was so immense I could have rested my feet on it!?"

"Why doesn't she just have them go fully nude?" Maddy asked in a very level-headed fashion. "I mean the place is secluded enough - it's her property..."

"Believe me, if the next time I visit Dawn's estate, and it's a full-frontal assault (laugh), dare I say I would not be the least bit surprised," Krendy said, slapping her thigh. "And it might even make practical sense. That poor gardener - Derek, I believe his name was. He looked so uncomfortable. His speedo was fighting a losing battle, lemme tell ya.'

"Like he had a giant diamondback water snake coiled up in a glove compartment."

The boys burst out laughing, loving how Krendy could speak so calmly and matter-of-fact, not even realizing just how sexy she sounded.

"I'm serious!" she persisted. "There was a woman - oh gosh, what was her name...Diana Retnuhvek. Anyhow, she was doing a story on Dawn for Cosmopolitan or maybe even Playgirl - a magazine of some sort. It was astonishing, it really was."

"How secluded is this place?" Barney asked.

"Very," Krendy answered. "Like Fantasy Island. I almost expected to see Tattoo come running out, looking for the plane. Cute little guy."

********************

For one of the few times all afternoon, there was quiet. But it was a gentle, soothing quiet. It was as if everything was in perfect balance, everyone content.

A white paper cup, decorated with sunflower designs, blew off the table and danced down the patio. Dick dutifully fetched it and crumpled it up before tossing it back up onto the picnic table.

Then suddenly, the girls began to snicker, and before Krendy could even ask what the joke was, she noticed what had suddenly grabbed their attention.

"Oh my word, Barney, are we going for three? Is three the charm?"

The young Bussett boy had again been aroused to a point beyond self control.

"By golly, that is one colossal erection," Deb remarked, barely able to contain her amusement.

"I was trying not to say anything, but as soon as he finished his story, it started growing, and growing, and growing..." Maddy said in between high-pitched titters.

"Dude, I have to wax poetically about your cock for a second," Craig remarked, standing alongside his chum. "It kinda reminds me of 'Won't Get Fooled Again,' ya' know, the Who song, because just when you think the song is over, Keith Moon just starts banging away on the drums, for a thunderous climax. Dude, your cock rocks, man."

Barney, this time, didn't try to hide his excitement. He brandished his full-fledged boner with pride. It was an afternoon in which he had spilled out his most private fantasies and passions.

Naked, in so many ways.

And he was embracing it.

"Considering the other two that he had," Krendy said of Barney's magnificent hard-ons, "this third one is astonishing. Holy smokes, springing up like the Renaissance Tower in Dallas. Oh and Craiger, you too!?"

It was true, Craig's penis had risen to its fullest potential as well, a noticeable dose of pre-cum making the head of his cock glisten in the warm Texas sun. Partly in amazement, partly out of thanks and gratitude, Krendy urged the boys over to her, not suppressing their erections but instead coaxing them and urging them to grow even more stiff and strong.

Her initial touch, so gentle, caused each of them to jump back a bit, on edge with excitement.

"I won't hurt you guys, I promise," she kidded.

"Oh God, Ms. Krendall," Barney said.

She giggled.

"Here, boys, lemme get more comfortable," she said, adjusting herself just a bit in her seat while letting go of their dicks, each of them springing up and bouncing around, unattended. "This way I can sit and help each of you guys. You boys have been so much fun today. The least I can do is ease your burden here..."

Krendy began stroking - very slowly at first - each of their cocks, as both Craig and Barney stared up at the cloudless, afternoon sky.

An ocean of blue...

Nothing else in the world mattered.

Janet and Carrie huddled around Dick, the three of them looking on and smiling at what they saw.

"Is this our first CFNM party?" Dick asked, posing the question to the mom and her daughter.

"Um, nah...still just a get-together," Janet smiled, suggesting there were much bigger things ahead.

"I do like that idea Barney had about having a big bash and inviting all your friends, mom," Janet said. "Crazy guy went driving all the way to Dripping Springs, the least you can do is honor his wish."

"I'll second that," Dick said. "A big-ass CFNM bash sounds pretty far out to me."

Carrie smiled. For the moment, she tempered their enthusiasm.

"One thing at a time. Let's get Dick through this class," Carrie said. "Tomorrow's a big day for him. And as far as a party, guys, that requires a lot of chipping in by everybody, and planning. And I really wanna get this place finished first. A new deck, some work in the backyard...We have to get rid of these crows..."

The kids didn't want to hear it, but Carrie was right. A party would take planning, preparation, and patience. And it would be more worthwhile than the youngsters could imagine, a gateway to a new lifestyle and new adventures. But it would be a bit down the road.

For now, there was Krendy. And Barney and Craig.

"Like two light sabers," she joked, stroking their cocks more intently now.

"Oh yes, a Star Wars reference," Craig said excitedly, "AND she has the sexiest thighs in the galaxy. I love it."

Maddy had sidled up alongside Carrie, Janet and Dick.

"Maybe this makes up for the party her friends threw her," Maddy remarked.

"What do you mean?" Janet replied, while swatting away a persistent hornet.

"Her friends got her a stripper and she was kind of a wallflower the whole night," Maddy recanted. "Seems like she's finally coming out of her shell. Having fun."

"I could definitely see Barney and Craig becoming male strippers," Dick laughed.

"So could I," Janet agreed, almost in perfect harmony with her step bro. "They just have that kind of personality. Big show-offs."

"But just fun-spirited too," Maddy laughed, tugging on her bathing suit top, adjusting the strap. Her large breasts, for a moment, stole away Dick's attention. There was a lapse in his focus.

"Oh Dick, did you leave the T.V. on?" Carrie laughed, as she gazed through the window and into the family room. "Dick, I've told you a thousand times..."

The young Parker man had indeed left the tube on earlier in the day. It was a day in which prior events seemed so long ago and distant. So much had happened this afternoon.

Humbly following his step mother's orders, Dick ran into the house to turn off the set. 'Bad News Bears in Breaking Training' was playing, an entertaining little flick but one Dick had seen countless times.

Coincidentally, it was the scene where the Bears got to play in front of a big crowd at the Astrodome, in Houston. Shouting distance from where Deb and Maddy called home. It just seemed to be their day.

Dick jogged back out, enthusiastically returning to the group.

Barney and Craig were being coaxed, caressed, and driven closer and closer to orgasm by Krendy. But the closer they got, they wanted the moment to last longer and longer. Krendy seemed to have an innate sense of this, decreasing the intensity of her strokes when she felt their excitement beginning to ascend to its peak.

"Could you..."

"Dude, don't give requests," Craig yelled at his friend.

"Shut up, dude," the Bussett boy fired back. "Ms. Krendall, could you maybe sit, with your legs crossed, like you were before when you first came out today. You have the most fantastic legs I've ever seen."

Being held on such a lofty pedestal delighted Krendy, and further empowered her. She imagined that, in Barney's eyes, she was just like one of the mythical "mountain goddesses" he had spoke of hours earlier in his epic tale.

"Like this, hon?" she obliged, shimmying her chair from underneath the table and putting her legs on full display, her gorgeous limbs further tanned from the warm afternoon rays.

"That...that'll do," Barney said, hardly able to get the words out.

"I do feel like my legs are my most underrated feature," Krendy went on, playfully teasing the boys with a certain degree of arrogance and self importance. "Aren't they nice? Everyone says the boobs but..."

Krendy saying the word "boobs" sounded so clumsy and adorable, and the boys loved her openly addressing just how fantastic they were.

"That's where I get 'em from," Maddy laughed, shaking - just a bit - from side to side to make her breasts bounce a bit in her suit.

"C'mon, mom, make those two strippers shoot off," Maddy urged her mom.

"Well, I wanna take my time," Krendy said so gently. "You both have such wonderful pricks. Really nice. Really handsome, smooth pricks..."

Whether it was "Dallas Two" or Heaven, the boys seemed to be drifting off into another realm, being lovingly and persistently coaxed further along into ecstasy. Dick was glad to let Barney and Craig have their moment.

"Well, I guess that leaves me and you, big guy," Maddy said to Richard. "I can't let my mom have ALL the fun, so...c'mon. I gotta find a way to top her."

As thrilled as Dick was with the idea of Maddy allowing him release, he thought ahead to the next day.

"Eh, I have the class tomorrow," he told her. "I was trying to - eh - build up to that..."

"You have class tomorrow, oh shush. C'mon, I have to outdo her," she said.

Carrie and Janet, very unceremoniously, as if not to draw attention to themselves and let Dick and the boys entertain the Krendalls, announced they would be heading in for the night, just as the sun began to slowly sink down beyond the trees and the rolling limestone-layered hills.

"Hey, Mom, are you going to give Dick his history lesson later?" Janet asked as they began to head inside.

Carrie smiled.

"Yes, I will," she said softly.

"History lesson? Man, a class and a lesson? What are you getting me into?"

"Dick, it's nothing, really. Just something I want to talk to you about," she said gently.

"Yes, mam," he dutifully agreed.

"Man, that Ulysses was something else," laughed Janet, teasingly giving Dick a hint of what this brief historical lecture would entail.

Carrie gave the young man a warm smile.

"We'll see you in a bit, Dick," she said lovingly, and left with a nurturing wink.

Maddy, meanwhile, urged Dick over to her, using only her pointer finger.

"Gotta get you goin,'" she said, taking hold of his large flaccid organ. "You're still soft and fa-loppeeee."

She said the word "floppy" in a long, exaggerated fashion, making Dick laugh.

"Flopper was so well-behaved today," Maddy cooed. "God, man, you were flaccid the WHOLE afternoon. That's amazing."

"Yeah, kinda surprised myself. Really getting used to being naked, I guess," he shrugged modestly.

Maddy alternated between stroking his penis and playing with it, ultimately giving way to the latter.

Much to her - and even Dick's - amusement, she swung his soft, ample organ around in a circle.

"Like a whirling dervish," she laughed.

"Having fun?" Dick mused.

"I always have fun with your cock," was her retort.

Slowly and effectively, Maddy's manipulations of his prick caused it to harden, and extend to 11 inches in length. It was the first time Dick's magnificent organ had been at its fullest, most awesome potential all afternoon.

"Want me to toss you a softball like Barney suggested?" Maddy giggled.

"I want you to just keep doing what you're doing - please," he offered kindly.

She giggled again.

Maddy kept stroking his cock, now more rapidly and in earnest, as if she was on a mission. She jerked his cock a few more times before letting go, causing it to bob down and then back up, stabbing the air.

"Okay, Mom, here goes," Maddy announced, dropping to her knees. "I'm going for it."

It quickly became apparent that Maddy was going to get Dick off. Only not with her hands, and not with her enormous breasts like she did days earlier. This time, she would use her lovely mouth, a premise that caught everyone - including Dick - off guard.

"Oh, hon, no," urged her mother.

"You're a brave girl, Maddy Krendall," Barney laughed.

Maddy opened her mouth and lightly met the head of Dick's massive stalk with her tongue. She found it to be warm, smooth, letting her tongue dart and dance around the huge head of his cock.

It was a huge head. For a few moments she sucked on just that alone, now and again pulling it out of her mouth so that would it create a loud popping sound.

Krendy, having fun with her two "private strippers," lent a caring glance over in Maddy's direction to make sure she had her situation under control.

"AAAAAAAGGGGGGGGhhhhhhhhhh," was the sound that interrupted everything. It was from Barney Bussett.

"Oh my goodness, sweetie," Krendy marveled as quick, rapid bursts of semen erupted from Barney's prick.

"You are like the the Lucas gusher at Spindletop," Krendy said, playfully alluding to the first major oil gusher in Texas, many decades ago.

"No, no, I'm like the Saint Vincent Volcano," Barney argued, his prick still releasing sizable rivulets of ejaculate, much to Krendy's amazement.

"The Saint Vincent Volcano indeed," she laughed.

They had proven to be such a wonderful tandem all afternoon, and, true to form, Barney and Craig once again worked in unison, as Craig's majestic - sometimes acrobatic - organ spasmed in Krendy's loving hands, Craig submitting to the moment and climaxing to extended proportions.

"Oh my goodness, it's so white, so thick!," Krendy proclaimed as Craig's plentiful cum-shots fired out across her legs and onto the hot cement below.

"I was that stripper today. I was that stripper today," the son of the advertising guru proudly proclaimed, at last living out what was previously a very private fantasy.

"Oh my goodness. You boys, I'll tell ya,'" Krendy said, getting up from her chair, stretching those lovely limbs of hers. "This was a lot of fun today. You boys make me feel so young again."

"Pleeeeeeeeeeeese let us strip for you again," Craig pleaded.

"Whoo-hoo!" Krendy bellowed, surprised by the young man's desire to submit to her fancy.

"Well I live about two hours from here, hon, but -

"We don't care. We'll drive," Barney pleaded.

Krendy started cracking up.

"You boys are too much."

She, very discretely, began to gently clean off her hands with a napkin that she had taken from the picnic table, Barney's very active organ having erupted anywhere and everywhere moments earlier.

"It's just like I said before, kiddo," she said to Craig, although speaking to both of them collectively. "You guys have every right to live, well, a naturalist lifestyle if you please. I merely supplied some examples I knew of, men that lived that way and lived happily."

Krendy was giving them some heartfelt advice, advice for life, and advice they could use down the road. But all they could think of at the moment was living another day just like this one.

"But can we come to Houston?" Craig persisted.

"My door is always open, and so is our pool."

She winked, very sexily.

"Dude, we're Krendy's private strippers for life, dude," Craig said, high-fiving his buddy.

"Dynamite," Barney could barely get out, his excitement overcoming him.

So caught up in the moment, they had forgotten about Maddy, who was doing her damndest to suck off Dick Parker.

It was a daunting task, but the young woman refused to be intimidated and began to hunker down.

"Wow, she's...I gotta give her credit, she's getting a lot in," Barney marveled, as Maddy sucked Richard's cock with admirable persistence. Up and down, up and down, her bosoms - to Richard's delight - bounced in rhythm with her movements.

"Oh sweetie, your jaw is gonna be sore tomorrow," Krendy said, looking upon her darling daughter with caution, yet realizing - in the frenzied atmosphere that the Parker backyard had become that day, an atmosphere not unlike that of a wild bachelorette party or strip show - everyone was there to have fun. And Krendy let loose the reigns a bit.

"Ma-ddy! Ma-ddy! Ma-ddy!" the boys began to chant, as the adorable - and courageous - young woman gently rubbed the back of Richard's muscular thighs while she continued to suck his massive horse cock.

The feeling of euphoria became more and more tangible for Dick as his erection moved in and out of Maddy's mouth, coated and caressed by her tongue and massaged gently by her soft lips.

"Oh God, I'm not gonna last any longer. Fuck me, CFNM," was Richard's last, audible statement before he faded way into ultimate bliss.

Barney heard what his friend had said and took it to be somewhat of an anthem for that afternoon. Richard was basically saying that he not only was submitting wholeheartedly to his cherished fetish, but that he was also overwhelmed - at the moment - by the power of that afternoon.

As Dick began to orgasm, Maddy felt the first hot blast of his ejaculation hit the roof of her mouth, and before she could even make a decision as to what to do, Richard's massive schlong had completely filled her mouth and caused her cheeks to puff out.

"What a choice - choke to death or drown," Craig kidded.

"Oh hon, just...," Krendy began, but Maddy had already made her move.

She took Richard's ejaculating organ out of her mouth, as it continued to erupt and shoot all over her face, forehead and the tops of her lovely breasts.

One rope of semen flew up and over her head and came splashing down on her back. She could already feel it starting to run down to the top of her butt.

Another rope blasted her on top of the head, into her hair, and before she could recover, another shot blistered off her face and forehead, coating her huge tits.

"Jesus fucking Christ, Parker, you killed her," Barney cried out in amusement as much as amazement.

What had become ritual after one of Richard's saturating, climactic explosions, Maddy rushed into change. The top of her red, white and blue bathing suit - so drenched in Richard's come - clung tightly to her breasts, giving the boys a brief glimpse of busty, star-spangled beauty.

Richard joined his friends and Krendy in celebrating the day.

"Would you please be careful with my daughter!?" Deb pleaded teasingly, aiming a glance in Richard's direction.

"Dude, you're gonna kill a girl with that thing," Barney said, gesturing towards Richard's gargantuan prick.

Although it was now completely soft, Richard's penis flopped and contorted about effortlessly as he cleaned up the patio and picnic table for the night.

"Dude, Parker's theme song should be Sultans of Swing by Dire Straits," Craig laughed.

"Flopper," Krendy interjected. "That's the name Janet and Carrie came up with for it."

That had Craig and Barney practically rolling on the patio with laughter.

Richard laughed at himself, and his wonderful abnormality.

"You have a very animated dork, hon. That's nothing to be ashamed of," Krendy said with a sweet smile, sitting down in the lawn chair again to relax and come down to Earth.

"Not to mention the biggest in all of Temple," Barney added.

"I...I would go out on a limb and say that's probably true," Krendy said, giving in to rollicking laughter. "It is a real humdinger, that's for sure."

"Biggest one this side of the Mississippi," Dick proudly stated, hands on his hips.

"Well that is a boastful claim, hon, but dare I say you might be onto something there," Krendy chuckled. "Like I said, maybe call the Temple Historical Society, or dare I say the Temple Daily Telegram would be interested in doing a human interest piece."

"Ha! I almost expect, oh, that dude from Airport '79...the host of 'That's Incredible,'...John Davidson!...to come running into the back yard," Craig bellowed.

"And shout That's Incredible! Ha, that would be something," Krendy laughed, walking over and ruffling Richard's hair.

Funny how no matter what all had happened throughout the day, conversation once again revolved around Richard's amazingly large penis.

And who could blame them for talking about it. After all, the Grand Canyon attracts roughly four million tourists per year simply because of its size.

But added to it was the fact that, attached to the aforementioned giant penis, was a person like Richard, so sweet and unassuming. Even dorky perhaps. But a fun-loving, kind spirit.

"Did you boys always know about Richard's - " Krendy began to ask, but was interrupted by her daughter.

Maddy, now dressed in a green Baylor tee shirt and jean shorts, came back into the fray. She took a seat next to her mom and jokingly offered Richard some advice.

"You, my dear boy," Maddy began, "are gonna have to learn how to suck that thing yourself," she joked, causing the others to laugh. "I swear, you almost killed me! When that thing started to go off, my life flashed before my eyes!?"

The art of autofellatio, simply offered as a joke at the time, would later be woven into the fabric of Richard Parker's sexual identity in years to come, but the real story of this day was three friends, and a much stronger bond that now existed between them. Three unique personalities, three unique people, but they flowed together.

"Dick, mark it down. The Oilers will beat the Cowboys this year," Krendy offered, as further conversation resumed and the group chatted away into the night.

TO BE CONTINUED