Accidents Happen!
bystewartlinda©

There are some things in life that are not planned. They just happen! My sister Donna is 4 years older than me and we have never been real tight. We were just typical siblings with an age difference. We would fight all the time over just about anything, but as we got older we managed to become friends. My sister was a wild child; I caught her more than once having sex with her boyfriends at our parents' house. I never said anything but she knew that I knew.

There were times, and I am sure it was my imagination, that she enjoyed teasing me by having sex while I was in the house. I can understand why my sister had so many boyfriends - she had the body of a Playboy bunny. At the age of 16, she was already a 36D with a small waist. Her waist only made her breasts look bigger than they were and her long blonde hair did not help. I was always getting ragged by my friends about how hot my sister was. I am only human and have to admit that looking at my sister's hot body turned me on like any red blooded American boy, but I never forgot that she was my sister.

I hated that everyone found her so hot and sexy and that dating was so easy for her. I was just average looking and I had to work to get dates as I got older. The upside of that was that I learned how to treat a lady and more specifically how to please her. My sister just went from boyfriend to boyfriend never learning how to choose a good one because she never had to.

Several years later I married a beautiful woman, who I still love to death. We are a perfect couple and I am looking forward to growing old with her. Her name is Susan and she is the woman of my dreams. She is sexy, smart, loves sex, and has the most beautiful long white blonde hair you have ever seen.

Donna on the other hand has been married 3 times in 5 years always going from one good looking (but not very nice) guy to the next.

So, this is where my story starts. A month ago my sister invited me and my wife to a party she was having at her house. She has a huge house thanks to her very rich ex-husband and she wanted to throw a costume party. I had not seen my sister since her divorce and it sounded like it might be fun. My wife had a really sexy nurse outfit that I loved and I was going as a California doctor. I knew I looked dashing in my Armani Suit with a Stethoscope hanging around my neck. The black leather doctor's bag only added to my Beverly Hills look.

It was hard for me to even get dressed watching my wife. Her costume was so low cut that it showed off her beautiful cleavage. I could not stop myself as I reached around her waist and cupped her beautiful breasts in my hands. I kissed her neck with a loving touch as she pushed her breasts into my hands and I felt a familiar stir in my pants.

"Now, Now...... cool down or we are never going to get ready," my wife said with a purr.

"Come on baby.... Please leave the bra off," I begged.

"If I were to do that you could see my nipples through the costume, it is so thin," she said with that little wicked smile that always drives me crazy. "Besides what would your sister think if I went dressed like that?"

"Yeah right, you know my sister. She will be dressed to impress and you know it," I reminded her.

"OK you win. I will take it off," she said.

She gave in way too easily and I realized that the little minx had been waiting on me to ask her. I watched as eagerly as a hungry baby as she removed her bra. My heart skipped a beat looking at her beautiful nipples pushing against the material which was so sheer that it was really showed off her hard nipple. As she walked in front of me I could see her backlit from the bathroom door and the whole costume was almost see-through against bright light. I could see the brown of her areola around the nipple and hoped she didn't realize just how see through it was. She knows I love to show her off, but I was not sure she would really go without a bra if she knew just how much of her would be showing.

"Baby, you have got to be the hottest thing I have ever seen," I said as I ran my fingers over the slick material across her nipples. I knew she getting as turned on as me by the way her eyes twinkled and her lips poked out.

"Come on baby you know we have time for a quickie," I almost begged.

I slowly reached my hands around her and ran my hand over her soft breasts. I nuzzled my face in her neck and hair. We had been married too long for me not to know how to get her hot. I started kissing her ear lobe and lightly biting her ear. At the same time, I started running one hand down to caress her soft ass. Between rubbing her ass and her soft hard nipples and biting her ear, I knew it would not be long 'til she gave in.

She was crumbling before my eyes- wanting it as bad as me- when the phone rang. I tried to get her not to answer it. I kissed harder and held her in my arms. She wrestled away from me and got the phone even as I played with her nipple. She answered the phone in a panting breath. As my wife talked I knew it didn't sound good. The call was from my wife's Sister Dora who was sick and throwing up. Her husband was gone on a business trip and she did not have anyone to help with her 10 month and 2 year old children. She wanted to know if my wife could come over and help her through the night with them.

"I know you wanted me to go with you to the party," Susan said holding her hand over the phone, "But, my sister needs me and I really feel like I need to help her". Her voice was sad, and even as she said it her mouth went into a frown.

"Go on to the party and I will make it up to you I promise," she said with another one of her wicked smiles.

"Go help your sister," I told her attempting to look pitiful, "I will just have to go alone."

As she hung up the phone and started to undress I was still excited looking at her. I wanted her so bad I could not help it. My cock was rock hard and I wanted her right then and did not want to wait. It was like my blood was leaving my brain and going to my cock. I reached behind her and started lovingly biting her neck.

"Ohhhh. Stop that we will have time later," she said with a regretful smile.

"Come on," I pleaded, "I can't wait 'til later."

"Yes you can... and to give you a little something to make it worthwhile, you can fuck my ass when I get back," she said with a big grin.

She stuck her beautiful ass in the air and shook it at me. This only made my cock harder, dreaming about fucking her hard and long. She stripped in a flash, grabbed her keys and was out the door before I could even plead my case. There I was; horny, dressed up and no date. As I glanced up at the clock, I realized that I would be late if I did not hurry. I finished dressing and headed to my sister's house. I knew that she had lots of very sexy friends and I was worried I would have to walk about all night with a raging hard on. I decided that since my wife would not be home 'til the next day, I would drink all I wanted and just sleep it off at my sister's house.

I drove to her house trying not to think about my wife's ass or the way her nipples pressed into my hands through her nurse uniform. The more I tried not to think about her, the more I could not help it, so I just concentrated on the drive and listened to the radio. As I pulled into my sister's driveway I could see the house was hopping with people. She was not in costume when she answered the door, just a plain dress but she looked great anyway.

"Hey sis... I thought this was a costume party," I said looking at hanging stethoscope.

"It is but I have a surprise. I bought the wildest costume you have ever seen and I am on my way to put it on now, besides good things come to those that wait." she said kissing me on the cheek.

"I have to go and change. Go help yourself to the food and drinks," she said hurrying off to her room.

I was not disappointed at all - there was eye candy galore. When I said my sister had hot friends, I was not kidding. It looked like a Playboy convention. Some of the outfits were so incredibly sexy; they even made my wife's costume look tame. One girl was dressed as Wonder Woman in a costume so thin you could see the outline of long hard nipples pressing against the thin material. My favorite thing about her costume was it was so tight you could see the material pressing up her pussy and that she was definitely shaved.

One of my favorite costumes was a pirate, worn by a girl with huge breasts that kept trying to get out of the top. It was so low cut that it just barely covered the nipple. The whole back of her top was open and I could just see the crack of her ass. My hard on seemed to just keep getting worse and the only solution that I could think of and that was to drink. I got a beer and started downing it; I knew I could pick up a girl in a crowd like this but I in no way wanted to cheat on my wife. So I drank and just enjoyed the show.

The party was really going well and I was way past the point of "feeling no pain", when I saw my sister motioning for me to come over toward her room. Just from looking in her eyes I could see that she had been doing her own share of drinking. I guessed she was almost as gone as me. I walked to her door and asked her, "What's up sis?"

"I really need your help," she said as she motioned me to get inside her room.

"How can I help?" I asked with a bit of a slur.

"Well..." she motioned to a huge costume on her bed.

"I bought this costume and was going to wear it tonight with a friend of mine but she just called to let me know that she's sick," she said in a near panic.

"You do not even want to know what I paid for it and it takes two people to wear it," she said frowned.

It was one wild costume. As I looked at it, I could see it was without a doubt made for two people. It was a beautifully done but huge dragon. I could see the basic idea was that one person went in first. Their legs acted as the front legs of the dragon. Then that person had to lean forward to get their head into the dragon's head. This required the first person to stay partly hunched over the whole time. The second person's legs also went into the front legs of the dragon. The legs were easily large enough for two people then the second person had to stand up straight and act like the back of the dragon, creating a hump in the costume, putting their arms into holes that make the wings go up and down. The front feet had straps to put your feet in. This way each person could lift the dragon feet in unison. The back legs and tail were just to balance out the huge front.

"Look sis, I understand but as much as I have been drinking all that will happen is we fall on our asses," I said with a laugh, "I am sure you have someone else you can get to help you."

"Come on, please for me," my sister pouted. She used to try that look on me when we were kids when she realized she could not bully me into giving in.

"Just this one time help me out and I will never ask for another favor. Pleaseeeee," she begged.

"I am not even sure if I can walk straight. Do you have any idea how much I have had to drink?" I asked her, trying not to slur my words.

"Not as much as me," she replied. Looking at her I could see she wasn't feeling any pain either.

She gave me that sad look. Her face pleading with all the feminine charm she could muster in her drunken state. I hate it when she does that.

"OK, I will do it but if we fall on our asses it's your fault," I told her walking over to the bed to investigate the costume more closely.

"Look sis, there is no way I am going to stay hunched over like that," I told her. "If I do this I will take the back of the costume and wag the tail."

"Fair enough," she accepted as she unzipped the back of the costume. The she stood back up and began to strip her clothes off in front of me. I looked at her in shock.

"What the hell are you doing?" I asked her.

"It's no big deal I have my bikini on under my clothes" she told me, "Don't be such a prude. You're a married man, it's not like you haven't seen a woman in a bathing suit before."

As she pulled off her dress I could see that her bikini had just barely enough fabric to carry the name. I guess it could have been worse. It had a high cut bottom that tied with short strings on the sides. Thank goodness she was not wearing her thong!

"OK, Strip," she instructed me.

"What? Are you crazy? I am your brother," I said with a shake in my voice. It was bad enough that she was standing in front of me in next to nothing and that I was having a hard time banishing the dirty thoughts that came to mind seeing her nipples poke into the triangles of her suit.

"Look, I know you have your boxers on. You always do. That is no different than seeing you in a bathing suit. Besides it is so hot in this costume you will die if you don't get some clothes off," she reasoned.

Maybe it was from drinking too much or just not really giving a damn but I realized it was a losing argument. I had just told her I would do it and there was no way she would let me out of it now. I started undressing down to my boxers. She climbed in and put her feet through the first set of legs and then her arms. She had to hold on the wall as she leaned over to put her head in the dragons head. As she let go to put her arms in I almost fell over trying to get my legs in beside hers. I finally got all the way in and put my arms through the second set of holes to flap the wings up and down.

"How the hell do we zip this thing up?" I asked her.

"There is a string that comes through the mouth," she told me. "I can zip it up once you get all the way in."

"I am all the way in," I told her.

"NO... you have get closer to me it's a very tight fit."

I leaned forward till my crotch was pushed up against her ass. At that moment I felt the zipper being pulled up and it pushed me harder against her. We were in but I was pressed so tight against her I could feel her ass pressing against my cock.

"I don't think I can do this," I told her.

"Yes you can. Besides, I broke the string when I pulled the zipper closed, if we get out now it will ruin the costume. Come on lets give it a try," she pleaded.

I was just drunk enough to think, "What the hell?" and told her ok. Walking was just as hard as I thought it would be. We had to go very slowly to keep from falling. After a little while we got in step with each other and managed to say upright. It was fun in a way; though I could not see anything at all. There was almost no light from the back but a tiny bit drifting down from the head my sister was wearing.

She would reach out and hug her friends and I would flap the big wings popping them in peoples' faces, asses or whatever was in the way. The effect the teasing and the walking with my crotch pressed tightly against her ass was having on me caused my cock to twitch and grow. "No!" I thought to myself sternly, "I can not get a hard on with my cock pressed against my sisters ass."

I tried to think of everything gross and disgusting in an effort to keep my cock from raising its head but between the teasing sexy voices I heard and my sister's ass going up and down as she walked, my cock rose and there way no way I could stop it.

I knew she felt it but it did not seem to bother her. The more she walked the more her ass slipped up and down my cock. It was almost like being jacked off with a huge hand. We were getting so hot that sweat was running over both of us and it only acted like lubricant. I was getting more and more turned on and there was no way I could deny it. Ideas were rushing through my mind.

Was it the feeling of having my cock worked or the fact it was my sisters ass that had me so turned on? It hurt my head to think about it and I wanted to just go with the feeling. I want to cum. I needed to cum. At times it seemed she would bend over further to hug someone and her ass cheeks would wrap my hard cock even harder.

We had been walking around about 15 minutes and we were both covered in sweat. The sweat was dripping down our bodies and my boxers were soaked. I was so into feeling my sister's ass rub up and down my hard cock that I was not even paying attention to anything around me. I was just lost in the lust of the moment.

It was then that I felt something different. In my fogged state it took a minute to realize what it was. My sister's bikini bottoms had come untied and were slipping down her leg. We walked maybe 6 more steps and they fell all the way off.

We both stopped walking and paused with realization at what had happened. She whispered back to me.

"Oops, sorry. I guess this is a problem, little brother," she said in a giggly laugh.

Now that her bikini bottoms were totally gone her ass really spread around my cock. The feeling increased ten fold as each step she took caused her ass to pull my cock up and down. I let out a moan as I felt her naked ass against me. She whispered back, "We need to get back to the room and fix this problem before things get messy."

She had no idea how messy things were going to get very soon if we did not get out of this thing. I could feel the blood leaving my brain and all I wanted was to cum hard and long. I was close to the point of not caring who I was with or who was around. I just wanted to cum. Her bare ass was so deep and tight that I could feel her cheeks pulling on my boxers as we walked. As she took one more step her ass pulled on my cock and I felt my cock spring out of the fly in my boxers.

"Oh shit..." was all I could manage to say as my cock pressed against her wet ass.

"I know I can feel it" she said in dreamily wispy voice.

"We have to get back to the room now and get out of the costume," she said. This time there was no laugh just a small quiver in her voice.

I only thought I was turned on before. Now I could feel her bare skin and the sweat from our bodies running between the crack of her ass. The whole inside of the costume smelled of sweat and there was no denying there was the smell of wet pussy.

The smell of her sex was more intoxicating than anything I could have ever imagined. I was getting more and more turned on. I knew in my brain that we had to get out of this soon, but all thought about consequences had totally left me. I was completely and totally lost in the moment.

My heart was racing and I could tell she was also starting to pant a little. Her breathing was short and fast and with each step she would let a little moan out. Getting back to her room was a nearly impossible task. We were way outside on the deck and it took 10 minutes for us to get that far. I knew it was going to be a slow walk back inside and to her room.

Slowly we walked back inside her house. Each step seemed to take and eternity. With each forward step my rock hard cock was slipping up and down her and I swear she was pushing her ass against me with each step. The temperature in the costume was rising and I was not sure it was all from the heat.

I whispered, "If we don't get back soon I am going to lose it... We have to try to go faster".

We picked up the pace and started taking bigger steps. This was a big mistake. With her first big step forward we got out of sync and she fell over toward the floor face first. I tried to lean back to keep us upright. Her falling forward and me falling back was just enough gap that my cock slipped from between her ass cheeks. As she caught herself from falling and pulled up, I felt a warm wetness engulf my hard throbbing cock.

She let out a moan and her whole body stiffened as a small quake rippled through her body. My mind was in a fog. I tried to pull back but there was no room. Her pussy squeezed my cock like a vice and her breathing quickened. Neither of us moved or said anything for several seconds. Soon her breathing slowed down but the warm wetness was still engulfing my hard cock.

"We have to get back to the room nowwwwwww," she whispered in a quiver and a pant.

We were still 30 or 40 feet from her room. With each step my cock pushed deep into her and I felt a flood of juice drip over my hard cock. We made it 5 more feet and she stopped.

I was totally lost in the feeling of her wet pussy. I no longer cared that she was my sister. My brain was screaming how wrong this was but by adolescent fantasies of my sister overpowered any sane thought. The times I had wondered what it would be like to have sex while listening to her fuck her boyfriends ran through my mind like a freight train. An at this point there was no stopping that train. My whole self was lost; all I wanted to do was cum in my hot sister's dripping wet pussy. Her body stiffened and a deep moan came from her lips as I felt that shutter and quake rip through her body. Her body quivered and I felt her pussy clinch my cock. I knew for sure this time she was having an orgasm.

Her shaking was harder and stronger than the first time. Her pussy was like a vice; it squeezed and milked my cock. She bent over further as her orgasm rocked her body and I could not stop myself from trying to push my hips forward and back, trying to sink my cock all the way in her. I knew somewhere in my brain that this was wrong but no one was listening to that voice.

I kept trying to push as deep her as possible into her hot wet pussy. Again she held on to the wall and let another orgasm pass. This time, the longer she held the wall the more I rocked my hips to push in and out of her even though we were not walking. Her breathing was getting faster but somehow she got the strength to try to walk forward again. I walked with her but no longer cared about anything. Now with each step I would try to pound her as much as possible, fucking her with all the force I could muster in such a small space.

We made it five more steps and her breathing was so fast and strong I thought she would pass out. I don't know if she meant to or not but she started pushing her ass back against me as she stepped forward. It was almost like she was trying to get me deeper in her pussy. There was no thinking, we were just lost in sexual delight, only the intense pleasure mattered.

We made it to the door of her room and her pussy clamped around my cock as she had another orgasm. This time I had to hold on to the wall to keep from falling. Her moans became louder, almost a muffled scream. Her pussy juice flooded over my throbbing cock. If it had not been for the music and the noise anyone close by would have heard her.

As her pussy gripped my cock I could not hold out any more and a flood of cum shot from my cock deep inside of her. My cock started pulsing as load after load shot into her. The second she felt me cum in her she set off in the biggest orgasm yet. Her breathing was so fast it sounded like she had just ran a marathon. Her whole body was shaking, we both just stood there propped against the door to her room. It took over a minute for both of us to catch our breath and be able to move. Neither of us could talk, it was all we could do not to fall over.

She opened the door and walked in very slowly and despite my orgasm, my cock never went totally soft. As we walked in I felt the blood flow back into my cock in a rush. The warm feeling of my sticky cum mixed with her pussy juice running down our legs, only made me want her more. We walked in the door and with each step I was pumping my cock in her.

This time I did not even try to hide the fact I was trying to fuck her hard. The whole costume smelled of sex and cum. She was moaning louder as she closed the door. We walked toward the bed me fucking her with each step. My hips were rocking back and forth like a mini machine gun. Each stroke was so small but as fast as I could go.

She moaned louder not caring anymore as she bent over the edge of the bed. Her head was resting all the way down so her pussy was pushed up against me. This allowed a bit more room and I was pumping her with all I could manage. She began to moan loudly - no longer even trying to be quiet. As moan after moan left her lips I heard the one thing that made me go insane with lust.

"Ohhh don't stop. Fuck me, baby brother, fuck meee! Oh God yes, please don't stop," she screamed.

"Fuck me, use me, take me just don't stop!" she said as her voice broke in gasps.

All thought was gone as she bent over the bed and started rocking her hips to meet my forward thrust. My cock slipped deeper in her and she let out a gasp. The more she bent over the deeper I went in her until I could feel my balls slap against her clit. She let out a loud scream of sexual ecstasy and had an orgasm that seemed to keep building in intensity. She shook so hard it was like trying to hold on to a bucking bronco, I felt and heard the material in the back start to rip.

The back gave way and I pulled out of her pussy. The sudden change caused me to slip. I tried to steady myself but lost my balance and fell over on my ass pulling her down with me. I felt a stab of pain on my cock for a split second as she fell on me, then it felt warm and tight. I realized my cock had slipped in her ass. The tightness of her ass and the moans from still lingering orgasm were more than I could take.

In a split second we both realized what had just happed but were both too far gone to care. She tried to get back upright but it only made my cock sink in and out of her ass. I was fucking her ass! Three times she tried to get upright but each time she only managed to pump my cock in her ass. Before long I realized she was not trying to get up, she was lifting her ass up and down helping me fuck her ass.

"Fuck my ass baby brother, take my ass hard," she screamed.

"You want my ass? It's yours. Just fuck me hard. Sink that hard cock deep in my ass," she said almost hysterically.

Those words were more than I could take. I felt my cock begin that last thrust as the cum boiled from my balls and exploded deep in her ass. She also let out a scream as her orgasm tore through her body. I think we both may have passed out. I woke up in a daze and felt my cock finally getting soft. It slipped out of her ass with a plop.

We both just lay on the floor for several more minutes before I started pushing my back against the material. I felt it give again and heard the material rip. My back was out of the costume. I climbed out slowly, my boxers were covered with cum and pussy juice. As I looked down I could see my cock was still semi hard and poking through the fly in my boxers.

I was covered in sweat and my hair was dripping wet. I rolled on my back and started trying to catch my breath as my sister worked her way out of the ripped opening. As I watched her climb out of the costume, I could see she was a bigger mess than me. Her hair was matted together and all in her face. She had lost her bikini bottoms and I could not help but admire her waxed, smooth pussy.

I looked up and saw that her bikini top had ripped and her breasts were totally free. As she struggled out of the costume I watched mesmerized as her huge breasts would swing back and forth like a metronome. It was the first time I had ever seen her totally naked and I could not stop myself from looking. She was covered in sweat and cum like me, her face was flushed with wet sweaty hair hanging in her face and her nipples were as hard as erasers. She freed herself at last and rolled on the floor next to me.

We sat looking at each other for several minutes. The more I looked at her covered in sweat and cum, the more excited I became. The blood flooded back to my cock in such a rush that it almost hurt as it sprang up on its own. With no idea what to say or do I could only look at the glow on her face to tell she had enjoyed it as much as me.

After a while we both caught our breath then she leaned over me and kissed me. It was no sister kiss, it was a kiss of a woman that wanted to be fucked. She crawled up on me with her tongue in my throat and started rubbing her huge breasts against my chest. No longer being hindered by the costume she reached back and guided me into her dripping pussy and started riding me.

She started moaning as I tried to match her down thrust with my own upward thrust. She started kissing my face and biting my neck. She grabbed my hair and thrust her tits into my face.

"Suck my nipples hard. Sink your teeth into my nipple. Please," she begged.

For years I had been dreaming of seeing her huge tits. I feasted on them like it was my last meal. I sucked her nipple as hard as I could as she moaned even louder.

"Don't play with me, bite them!" she yelled.

I sunk my teeth into her hard nipple and she exploded. She dropped on my cock with a hard thrust and I felt the clamp-like feeling of her pussy gripping me. Wave after wave of shakes ran through her body as her orgasm built to a climax. Even as I watched her orgasm wash over her, I was amazed at her complete loss of control.

Just as I thought her orgasm was slowing down, I saw her reach down, grabbing her own breast in her hand and pulled it up and start sucking it. This only caused her to start a whole new wave of shaking. Then she opened her mouth and bit harder than I could believe on her own nipple as she exploded.

I have always though that the hottest thing a woman could do was suck and bite her own breasts and it was more than I could take. I let out a grunt and came in her. This time there was no forced position. I exploded with total abandonment deep in her pussy. She rolled off me and we lay next to each other with a mixture of satisfaction and guilt.

I guess we both were a bit embarrassed at what had just happened and started getting dressed. We were both totally silent and looked like we had just run a 100Km race. But there was no way to hide the glow of satisfaction on our faces. Donna got up off the floor, grabbed a towel and started wiping her face and body off. My eyes were glued to her, watching her transform from a wild sexual animal to a presentable host. She brushed her long beautiful hair and slipped her dress over her head. I was so stunned from the night events that it took me several seconds before I realized that she had not bother to put her bra or panties on. She headed for the door and turned to look at me.

"Look, lets not let this mess things up for us, ok? It was an accident and will never happen again," the look on her face said she was torn between appreciating the great sex and her shame as the full extent of the situation settled on her.

"Right, it never happened. We will never mention it again," I told her with my legs still shaking. Even as I said the words, I was not really sure I meant what I had just said. She closed the door behind her and went out to talk to her guests. I lay on the floor for 20 minutes before I managed to get up and get dressed.

The party was over about at about 3 am and I crashed on the couch. I woke the next morning and my head was spinning, still thinking about what happened. I could not believe it. I knew it was an accident but the feeling was so unreal. It was the best sex I had ever had in my life and it was with my sister.

"Stop it," I told myself over and over, "I can not think about having sex with my sister. It was wrong and it was an accident."

I heard my sister come into the room. She sat beside me and looked as hung over as I did. Her hair was all over the place and she had on a robe that was just barely tied. I was pretty sure she was naked under the robe but tried to push those thoughts away. Things had already gotten far enough out of hand.

"I know we said we would not talk about it but I have to get this off my chest. That was the best sex I ever had in my life," she said in a low voice, "I know it was wrong and this will be the end of it, but you need to know that I have never felt anything like that before. To be honest with you, and myself, I want you to know that I am glad it happened. I have thought about having sex with you for as long as I can remember. I guess that was why I teased you so much when we were kids."

I just sat there, stunned at her confession. She had thought about having sex with me?

"Please don't hate me for being honest with you," she said and started crying, holding her head in her hands.

I smiled and put my hand on her cheek.

"To be totally honest with you I can't stop thinking about it even now," I said with a little smile.

I gave her a hug, hoping it would help reassure her that she wasn't alone with those feelings. Even as I held her I could not stop looking down her robe as it fell open. That same old rush started returning and had to force myself to stay under control. It took all the will-power I had to just hug her till she was not crying anymore. She kissed me on the cheek and went back to her room to change and take a shower. I took a shower after she had gotten out and washed the smell of sex off me.

We both chatted as we ate breakfast just like nothing had really changed. I still had one hell of a hangover, so I grabbed some aspirin before I left. When my wife came home she wanted to know all about the party. I told her I got a little too drunk and still felt really ill. She laughed and told me that it was what I deserved for drinking too much and having such a good time without her.

"You better get your rest. Tonight you get your reward for being such a good husband," she smiled and gave her ass a shake. That night we made love like we had not done in months. It was hot, wild and we were both exhausted when we were done.

"I guess you really missed me at that party, huh?" she laughed as we lay next to each other, out of breath.

Two months later my sister called and told me she was thinking about having another costume party. She paused.

" I got my costume fixed and was wondering if you wanted to share it with me," my heart stopped for a good 30 seconds while I realized what she was saying. There was no question that part of me wanted to go... but would I?

