Cock Games Ch. 1
byJackBro©

I sat down after a hard day's work at the construction site. "Carry this! Haul that!" My boss kept ordering me around all day long. We laid shingles, and I feel like I must have carried a hundred loads of those 40-pound sacks up to the top of the roof. One over each shoulder, again and again, I hauled them up the ladder in the 90-degree heat.

I sat down on the couch, in my shorts, my hair still soaked from the shower, a cold beer in one hand and the remote in the other. I was ready for a quiet, relaxing Friday evening when...

"Slam!"

I jumped to attention at the sound of the front door closing hard. Debbie, my wife, arrived home from work, and it did not sound good. She sounded pissed. She came home pissed every night that week, and tonight sounded like the worst of all. It almost certainly had to be Jenny again, a new girl at work who was supposedly after my wife's job. Her name was Jenny, but Debbie less affectionately referred to her as "The Bitch."

"God damn fucking bitch!" I heard her yell out the name once more, talking to herself in the kitchen. "Who the hell does she think she is? Fuck! She's never gunna take my job!"

I sat back down and squatted low. I tried to mold myself into the living room couch, hoping she wouldn't notice me. After two years of marriage, I knew. It was better to leave her alone when she got like this. No matter what I said, no matter what I did, she would be sure to jump on the first word out of my mouth. Better to let her focus her anger first on the door, dog, or whatever other inanimate object might be in the way.

Unfortunately, she decided to walk right into the living room and join me.

"Get up!" She ordered me around exactly like my boss. "We're going out."

"Going out where?" I started to ask. "I'm tired. I had a hard day..."

She ignored me. Instead of listening, she walked up to the television and turned it off.

"Hey, I was watching..."

"Not anymore!"

She didn't allow me to finish any of my sentences.

...or my beer.

"We're going out. You're fine just the way you are."

I knew enough not to argue. When Debbie got into a bitchy mood, it was best to keep quite and do whatever she said. I knew her well enough to know she would calm back down again in a few minutes.

"Where the fuck do you think you're going?" She asked as I stepped down the hallway and went into the bedroom. I wanted to at least put on a shirt before we left, but I didn't dare tell her anything. I just quickly grabbed a worn t-shirt out of the closet and slipped it on without speaking.

"We're going to pay a visit to that little bitch!" She already stood in the doorway when I got back. The living room light shut off before I was half way across the room, forcing me to quicken my pace in the dim light of the early evening hours. "We've been invited to a party over at the house of Bitch Jenny and her husband."

I froze in shock at the sound of her words. I couldn't fathom why we were going to the party of a woman she so absolutely hated, but oh well! I knew enough not to argue.

* * * * *

Twenty minutes later we walked through two large, ornately decorated doors. We walked into the home of Jenny and her husband John. Pleasant to my surprise, Jenny did not look at all like the sly bitch Debbie made her out to be. I expected an old, overweight woman with a butt-ugly face. Instead, Jenny was short, cute, and really looked hot! She had a gorgeous face and deep set blue eyes. Her brunette hair dropped sexily to her shoulders, and her blouse dropped down sexily to her breasts. The blouse was tight fitting and nearly see-through. It nicely showed off the first few inches of two well rounded mounds on top, and I could clearly make out a black, lacy demi-bra underneath. As much as I tried to resist, I couldn't help it. I was attracted to what I saw.

"Hi bitch!" Jenny rudely greeted my wife at the door.

Clearly, their hatred for each other was mutual. I still couldn't figure out why we were at the house of a woman Jenny so clearly hated, and a woman who so clearly hated her. She offered me no further information on the drive over in the car.

"And hello Randy," Jenny did an about face and completely changed her tone with me. "I've heard so much about you, but I just can't figure out why such a gorgeous hunk of a man like you would ever choose a nasty old bitch like Debbie to marry?"

Jenny looked, and she wasn't shy about looking. I distinctly noticed the way she took a long, hard look, letting her eyes roam down and then back up the length of my body. I felt like I was being sized up for a new set of clothing.

"Hey!" Debbie noticed it too. "He's mine and you better leave him that way!"

"We'll see about that," Jenny took one more glance down, I'm sure to my crotch, and stared at it for several seconds. Her eyes broke away only after she was damn good and ready. I knew immediately this was a powerful, dominating young woman. If I only knew how dominating I would have turned around and made a run out the front door right there!

"Let me introduce you to my husband," Jenny turned to give me a fantastic view of her tight ass as she walked away. She wore shorts like mine, except hers were substantially shorter and very much tighter. I could make out the lacy black thong on the other side, and I couldn't help but keeps my eyes on her ass as she led us to the living room.

Jenny lived in a posh, tastefully decorated home. A large screen television stood up against the far wall. A pillowey couch sat up against the other. Track lighting amplified large paintings that adorned the wall. I wondered if they were as expensive as they looked, not that I would know anything about paintings.

"Oh John, come on out and meet the little bitch I told you about from work," Jenny yelled into the next room. "And please, don't bother with any formal attire."

Her last words sounded odd, but I did not bother to think much about them as I took a seat beside Debbie on the couch.

"Let's get out of here," I discretely whispered into Debbie's ear as I sat, but she only shook her head with a "no" and motioned me stay where I was.

I found myself between Debbie on my right and Jenny sitting in a recliner to my left. It was a small living room, so we sat close. Jenny crossed her long, sexy legs in front of me, her toes almost touching my own legs. I remained just as confused as when I first walked through the front door. Debbie said a party, but it didn't look like much of a party.

"Nice place you have here," I tried to say something polite.

"Thank you," Jenny accepted. "And wait until you see the basement!"

Again, I thought her words sounded odd. My first thought was of a rec room - which it was, in a sense, at least for her. If I only knew the type of rec room, I would have turned around and made a run out the front door!

"Fuck!" Debbie interrupted my thoughts.

A moment later I looked to see what startled her. John, the husband, walked in. He walked in carrying a silver tray with two glasses of wine and what looked like an assortment of chocolates arranged in a crystal dish. But I hardly noticed the wine or the chocolates. Instead, I noticed what he wore, for he wore nothing at all!

"This is my husband John," Jenny introduced him as though there was nothing unusual about him walking naked into a room. "As I told you at work, I am somewhat of a domineering woman to my subservient husband."

"Yes, I can see!" Debbie spoke in amazement.

Debbie did see! In fact, she looked right at it! My wife blatantly stared at this naked young man, and she seemed to stair mostly down at his crotch. Only then did I realize he stood hard.

"You look like you could use a drink," Jenny continued to speak as though there was nothing out of the ordinary about her husband. "Go ahead and set it down on the coffee table," She turned to him.

He did as he was told, setting the first glass on the table in front of Debbie and handing the second glass to his wife - or perhaps I should more appropriately say, his mistress. I noticed he carried in no drink for me, which gave me my first indication of the status I carried in this house.

Debbie, I also noticed, turned her head and continued to gawk the entire time. I couldn't believe this young man had simply walked into the room in the buff. And what was more, he walked in with a firm, long erection. I don't know why I didn't notice his erection at first. After all, it was hard not to notice! It clearly extended longer than what I considered average for a male. He most definitely was well endowed! I knew that was what kept Debbie's attention. She always told me how much she liked the sight of a big cock, and John had plenty of cock to look at.

"You look at John as though he's got the biggest cock you've ever seen," Jenny giggled. "That doesn't say much for Randy."

She gave me a wink, making my heart skip a beat.

"Well, um," Debbie spoke as though her mind drifted off somewhere in dreamland. "Um, I mean, I'm just a little surprised!" She started to wake up.

"I thought you said that you liked to play domineering games with your husband," Jenny spoke to my horror. "Don't you like to control Randy in the same way?"

I couldn't believe Debbie had told her! She had actually told another woman about the domineering skits we liked to play! And not just any woman, but this was her nemesis. I wondered what she told her close friends!

"Well, yes, we do," Debbie admitted shyly as she took a worried glance at me. "Sometimes, I mean, yes, once in a while, but never in public! Not like this!"

I dreaded the day I ever introduced Debbie to the idea of playing domineering games. It started innocent enough, with little skits in the bedroom. I played the part of a King and she a member of my harem.

The first time we reversed roles was on our sailboat. We were out on the sea, all alone, down near the keys. I suggested she play the part of the captain and I would be her lowly deckhand. To my delight, she loved it! She made me stay naked for hours and used my cock whenever she wished. And I think I enjoyed it even more than her. We played many times since then, but I never dreamed she would tell her coworkers about it.

Debbie took a sip of her wine as John continued to stand before us. After neatly setting the chocolates and then the tray down on the coffee table, he remained standing as though waiting for his next instruction. To my wife's delight, he stood facing us, completely naked and with his hands behind his back so she could have an unobstructed view.

I guess you could say John was good looking, although I'm not the kind of guy who notices those sorts of things. I did notice, however, the way my wife looked at him. Overall, the guy was tall and nicely tanned, with a thick head of blond hair that fell down to his shoulders. I could tell he worked out quite a lot by the size of his massive forearms and muscular thighs. If the two of us ever got into a bar room brawl, it would be a close fight. But what I noticed most of all was the size of his cock, and Debbie clearly noticed it too.

"Well you should try it sometime," Jenny suggested. "It's fun to get a little kinky once in a while. And as I am sure you can tell, John likes it too. He stays very aroused when he shows himself to a stranger."

"Oh yes!" Debbie agreed. "I can tell!"

The two of them took a look over at his hard-on. The thing was as big as some of the pictures Debbie once downloaded off the Internet.

"If you are interested," Jenny shocked me even more with her next words. "Why don't you give it a try? You bragged about how you were such a domineering bitch at work. Go ahead and prove it right now!"

Jenny looked at me. And then Debbie looked at me too. I didn't like what their words implied.

I expected Debbie to get up and leave. At the very least, I thought she would tell this young vixen to go to hell. But what she actually did shocked me even more.

"Randy," She spoke with a newfound confidence in her voice. "Strip naked!"

I stood up in shock! I couldn't believe it! She actually wanted me to strip naked in front of this woman I had only just met five minutes before.

"Debbie!" I looked down at her with surprise. "Please!"

"But you want to," She answered me. "I saw the way you looked at Jenny when she met us at the door. I know you want to. You want to show her everything."

I thought about it. In a strange, voyeuristic kind of way, she was right. I wanted nothing more than to strip for her. I thought about the sailboat and realized I wanted the two of them to order me around. I couldn't believe I even considered such a thing.

"Go ahead Randy," Jenny joined in the fun. "Your wife is right! She may be a bitch, but she's right. I saw it in your eyes too. You want to be dominated."

"Don't embarrass me by disobeying," Debbie prodded. "You can see that John's OK with it, so go ahead! It's no big deal. It'll be fun."

"And don't worry," Jenny lied. "It's not like us two frail little ladies are going to do anything that might hurt you."

"And just think about how much better the sex will be later tonight," Debbie gave me the knockout punch.

Even more remarkable than John walking in naked, I began to undress too. I sat back down on the couch and slipped off my shirt.

"Oh yes! I like it," Jenny admired my bare chest. "Even better than what I pictured."

I continued with my shoes and socks, and then I stood up to take off my shorts. I felt it underneath. I felt it right away, even before I took off my shirt. Like John, I knew I supported an erection. The sensation of taking off my clothes in front of this gorgeous young woman put me into arousal.

"Oh yes!" Jenny let me know that she could see it too.

"You're almost there," Debbie told me.

I slipped my shorts completely off and slipped out of them. I sat on the couch in just my black bikini briefs. Underneath, I knew, my hard-on showed even more pronounced than before.

"That looks nice," Jenny let me know she could see it too. "Debbie bragged that you had an eight incher. Let me see how much she exaggerated."

Debbie had exaggerated, naturally, but what really bothered me was that they had discussed the length of my cock at all. I wondered if there was anything they didn't talk about.

Since John was already naked and bigger than me, I figured what the hell! She might as well know exactly how long I was, so I took a deep breath and did it. I pulled the elastic of my shorts out and away from my body, and then slipped them down.

"Nice schlogn!" Jenny spoke up immediately. "Not as gifted as John, no, but then not many men are!"

Jenny admired my meager clothing as I admired hers. Needless to say, she had the advantage. I remained at an erection so she could admire every inch of me. Her gorgeous body and my subservient position was sure to keep it that way.

"Very nice," Jenny continued to admire. "I see you exaggerated about his size, but not by much. What is it, seven inches?"

I looked over to see Debbie with a big smile across her face. "Yes, about that or a little longer," She said, looking almost proud as I sat there naked, showing my cock off to this complete stranger.

"Please John," Jenny turned to her own husband. "Please be so kind as to fetch me the ruler from the garage. I just have to take the measurements of this one!"

I jumped with a start. I looked at Debbie with worry, but she only looked back up at me with an even bigger smile on her face.

"And please Debbie, if you could be so kind," She turned to my wife. "Please have your husband stand and bring over that big cock of his so I can take his measurements."

I jumped with a start again. I felt so humiliated. So degraded, so used, as my wife motioned me with her eyes to do as she said.

I stood up without really thinking about it, and then took a tiny step over towards Jenny, and then another. I walked closer to Jenny as her husband walked back into the room with a 12-inch ruler.

"Come on over here Randy," Jenny beckoned with a single finger - her fuck finger. "Come on and bring that big cock of yours over here and let me check you out."

I stopped, and then slowly took another small step with worry. It was not fast enough for Jenny. As soon as I was within arms length, she reached out to me. She took me by total surprise as she grabbed hold of my erect cock and yanked it closer.

"Oh yes!" She sounded impressed. "Nice schlogn! Lots of bulk, I see, and very hard too!"

A moment later she took my measurements, but she did not measure me in the usual sort of way. Instead of simply holding the ruler along the side of my cock, she held it straight out. And then with her opposite hand she grabbed my balls and pulled them down. She forced my cock to stick straight out of my body.

"Not bad!" She sounded impressed. "Not as long as John, of course, but you've still got a big one!"

Her words only made me harder. I think I might have grown another inch.

"And you're so wide," She felt over the length of my cock as she continued to use my balls to pull it down and make my rod stick straight out of my body. I momentarily feared she might squeeze my nuts, but played gentle with them.

"You are most definitely wider than John, and your nuts feel nice and swollen too. It feels like Debbie must have starved you."

As quickly as it started, it came to an end. Jenny let go of my cock and instructed me to sit back down on the couch next to my wife. And so I sat, naked and hard, in a room with two fully clothed young women. The course fabric of the couch scratched my naked behind. I knew well enough not to hide myself, so I kept my hands down at my side so they could continue to see unencumbered.

The two girls started to talk.

The thing they talked about was, but what else, male cocks. It felt incredibly erotic. Here I was naked in a room with two gorgeous young women, and they were talking about cocks.

"His nuts really did feel quite large," Jenny looked right at me. "And I like the way his dick remains so hard and firm for me. It looks like it's been quite awhile since his last release."

"Three nights ago," Debbie told her truthfully the last time we had sex.

"No wonder!" Jenny spoke with surprise. "That's a long time for a guy to go between releases. Are you trying to cock tease him?"

Debbie laughed. "No, we've just been busy."

"Well you better find some free time very soon. It looks like Randy is about ready to explode. I think he really needs it!"

The girls talked some more.

Debbie, I noticed, focused much of her attention on John. He stood naked and hard through the entire episode of my measurements. I distinctly noticed he stood in front of the big screen television as though he was the show for the evening. To Debbie and Jenny, I suppose he was.

I tried to will myself to deflate, but it was impossible, especially with two girls looking at me. Their conversation only made it worse. Gone was the mutual animosity I heard when we first arrived. Instead, they talked like close girlfriends. And the thing they continued to talk about was male cock.

"I just love to watch them squirt," Jenny told my wife. "That's the best part, you know, an erupting cock."

"But it's over too fast," Debbie complained. "Randy shoots maybe three or four times, and then it's over in a few seconds."

"John is about the same," Jenny confessed. "Despite his impressive size, he spurts like any other man. I think all men are about the same when it comes to spurting."

A sorrowful look washed across both their faces.

"You know I've always had this fantasy," Jenny sat up with a thought. "In this fantasy, I would spike some kind of drug in John's drink. The drug would increase his semen production ten-fold and make him squirt like crazy."

Debbie made a sigh at this suggestion.

"Instead of squirting only three or four times," Jenny went on. "He would continue to squirt again and again. Instead of lasting only a few seconds, his ejection would continue for something like, I don't know, maybe like two minutes!"

"Wow!" I heard the excitement sound in Debbie's voice, not that she needed any more excitement with John in the room.

"And not only that," Jenny added. "But the drug would make him fill up a lot sooner too. He could only go for about two hours between ejections. He would have to keep on waking me during the night like a hungry baby, except I would be the one drinking the milk."

I heard Debbie let out a moan. She panted as a result of Jenny's words. It sounded as though she was going to orgasm right there.

It felt as though I was going to orgasm too. I couldn't believe the words coming out of the clothed bitch sitting with her long, sexy legs so close to me. She was the most domineering woman I had ever met. My cock stayed rock hard as a result, and then I felt it start to pre-cumm.

"It looks as though your husband likes to show himself off to strangers," Jenny spoke more to me than to Jenny. "It's bad enough that he remains hard in my presence, but now I see he wants to show off how wet he can get too."

Debbie gave me a look of disgust, but then the look quickly turned to a smile. "Yes, I guess Randy is quite the exhibitionist," She told Jenny. "I never realized it before, but I see this makes him very aroused."

"I should say so!" Jenny agreed. "He's wetting himself! Look at that thing go!"

Both girls looked at me. They stared right at it, looking at my cock as it continued to pre-cumm. I couldn't help it. I never felt so aroused in my life.

"I wonder how he would perform as a stripper?" Jenny questioned I think more to herself than anyone else in the room. "You know once a month we all get together with our men and make them take it off in public. We take turns getting together in someone's house and make each man come out and strip for us. About once a year we lease a strip club and really do it up like the professionals."

"A group of you?" Debbie questions.

"Yes, there's a group of female dominates in town," Jenny told us. "I'm surprised you never heard about us. It's much more arousing for the men when other women - preferably strangers - get to watch. They get so damn aroused when they take it off in front of women they only just met."

"I never thought about that," Debbie continued to look directly down at my drooling organ. "But now I see it through Randy. Yes, I think we should join. How big is your group?"

"We must have about a dozen ladies," Jenny told her. "At least that's about how many show up to each striptease. We have a few part-timers and visiting members too, just to keep it interesting for the guys."

"I like that!" Debbie sounded more and more excited with every breath. "I've only been to a male strip show once, but I really liked it."

"Oh, then you are really going to love this one!" Jenny spoke excitedly. "We do it up better than any classical male strip show. You are going to love watching all those firm, hard men take it all off."

"Firm and hard?"

"Oh yes, all of them," Jenny told her. "About a dozen men in one night. They are all exhibitionist like Randy, so they all get hard up on stage."

"Oh my!" Debbie let out something of a shriek. It sounded like she was about to fall over and faint - or orgasm.

I, for myself, felt as though I was about to fall over too. I couldn't believe the words I heard out of this beautiful young vixen. I also felt wet, which the two girls could clearly see. I felt beads of pre-cumm fall between my legs.

"And not only that!" Jenny went on and it got even worse. "But as long as they are all hard anyway, we figure we might as well go ahead and jerk them off while we're at it. Sometimes we have an auction where each man is sold. The highest bidder gets to jump up on stage and jack off her purchase, and she gets to do it in public."

"Oh my!" Debbie let out another loud shriek. "Are you serious?"

"Deadly!" Jenny answered. "One by one we jerk them off. Six, eight, eleven, maybe twelve men get jacked off in a row. You get to watch them one by one splatter loads of semen on the floor."

"All of them?" Debbie questioned with her eyes firmly fixed on John.

"Every one of them," Jenny answered. "And yes, John too. He's one of the star attractions."

"I believe it!" Debbie answered while her eyes stayed fixed upon him - or at least fixed on his continued erection.

"You know he used to be a model," They both looked. "John, I mean. He used to be a model, you know."

I had no trouble believing her. Given his handsome face and bulging muscles, I would have to guess he was a very successful model.

"Why don't you fetch some of your modeling shots?" Jenny suggested. "You know the ones I'm talking about. And hurry!"

He nodded and left the room.

"You're going to love these," Jenny smiled and let out a little laugh of pleasure.

They both laughed, and they still laughed when John stepped back in. It did not take him long to fetch the pictures, only a few seconds. I noticed he followed Jenny's orders explicitly.

He walked back into the room cautiously, although embarrassed to show the pictures he held in his hands. They looked to be 8 by 10 glossies.

"Don't show them to me!" Jenny chastised him when he attempted to hand them first to her. "Why would I be interested in the pictures when I was the one behind the camera! Show them to Debbie instead!"

With continued caution, he stepped around to the opposite side of the room and stood next to my wife. He looked embarrassed to show her the pictures, but I couldn't figure out what he could be embarrassed about -- I mean given his situation.

"Oh God!" Debbie nearly screamed and put her hand over her mouth when she looked at the first one. "I don't believe it!"

I glanced over and tried to take a look for myself, but she held the photograph away so I couldn't see. Naturally, I knew it had to be a picture of him naked, but I questioned what made her yell out. I figured it had to be because the picture showed him in some kind of compromising position, and I naturally wondered what it was.

"Oh my!" Debbie was panting. "Is this really him?"

"Take a real close look," Jenny suggested. "Can you tell?"

She looked at the picture, and then she glanced over to John standing just beside her. I distinctly noticed, however, she did not glance up at his face. Instead, Debbie only looked straight ahead and paid attention to the erect cock standing a few feet in front of her. She took a close look at the picture, and then she took an even closer look at his cock. I grew even more curious as to what the picture showed, but still she continued to keep it to herself.

"I think it is!" Debbie announced her conclusion about a minute later. "Oh my, this is really him!"

"And doesn't he look delicious?" Jenny asked.

"He looks scrumptious!" Debbie started to giggle. "I'd love to sink my teeth right into him."

Both girls laughed. I noticed John took a step back with worry.

"Show Randy!" Jenny suggested. "Maybe we can take a picture of him in the same position."

"Oh yes!" Debbie announced with glee. She took a look at the picture, and then she took a look down at my cock.

"How about it Randy?" She asked me. "How about we put your cock in the same position? How would you like to be a cock-dog."

Finally, she showed it to me, but I wish she hadn't. It took a moment for me to recognize the picture and understand the reason for her earlier words.

The picture was a close up of John's cock, and it was encased in a hot-dog bun. A line of ketchup snaked across the top. Relish and onions looked to be squeezed into the side. I didn't know for certain if it was John's cock because the picture only showed a cock, but it clearly could have been. The thing was long and erect, sticking out of the bun from both ends like one of those giant Polish sausages. It looked to be a regular sized hot dog bun, but his prick was so damned big that the entire cock-head stuck out of one end. I never saw such a humiliating, but at the same time erotic sight in my life. I think my own cock spasmed at the chance to be put in the same position.

"Oh my! And here's dessert!" Debbie nearly let out a scream again.

The second picture showed what first looked to be a cupcake. I saw white cream on top and cake down the side. Upon closer inspection, however, I saw the center of the cupcake was comprised of a cock. A male cock stuck straight up out of the center of the cake. Worse yet, a lighted candle glowed in the center, perched at the top of the cake, extending straight up out of his cumm hole.

"That was my birthday party," Jenny informed us. "As you can probably guess, I had to blow out the candle rather quickly. And then I gave John a blow."

I didn't want to see the rest of the pictures, but Debbie and Jenny showed them to me anyway. The next couple of shots were of John tied up in various compromising positions, first to a brick wall, than to a bed, and the next one with manacles and standing in what looked to be a dungeon. In every picture he stood firm and erect, which Debbie greatly enjoyed.

Finally, near the end, the pictures showed him ejaculating. They were taken at the precise moment of eruption, showing a long string of spunk squirting from where the candle once perched.

"That's the best," Jenny told us. "I love to watch an erupting cock, especially at the strip shows where I can watch one after another spew their loads. You've never seen so many erupting cocks in all your life. And let me tell you, by the time they're all done, we've created quite a mess. I mean there's quite a big puddle of it - male sperm, I mean. It splatters all over the place."

"Oh my!"

"It would be so fun if you would let Randy join us," She added. "We always appreciate new ones like Randy. It keeps the games interesting, and I especially like it when we shock them with some of the things we do. And I can tell he wants to too. Just look at him drool!"

She did not refer to any drooling of my mouth, of course. She meant my cock. I continued to pre-cumm copious amounts of lubricate for their enjoyment.

"And you know," Jenny kept going on yet further. "We play other games that I am sure you will enjoy too."

"Other games?" Debbie asked curiously.

"Yes, other games," Jenny answered with confidence. "We have a whole bunch of little games we like to play. I'm sure you will like all of them, and maybe even Randy too."

"Like what?" Debbie questioned.

"Oh I don't want to tell you now," Jenny refused to give a direct answer. "It will be so much better when they come as a surprise, especially to Randy."

"Please!" Debbie begged. "At least give me a hint!"

"Well, all right," Jenny gave in, although only slightly. "I'll give you just one little hint. I'll tell you that all our games somehow involve the male cock."

"Oh wow!" Debbie seemed to like this.

I gasped in disbelief.

"They are all cock games," Jenny summarized. "That's what I like to call them, you know: Cock games."

"Cock games," Debbie repeated with a chuckle. "I like that name."

"Than you're interested?"

"Oh yes!" Debbie answered to my dismay. "Count me in for your next party!"

"And Randy too?"

"And of course, Randy too," She answered and embarrassed me even further. "He doesn't have a choice you know. He's like my slave."

"Your cock slave," Jenny emphasized.

"Yes, Randy is my cock slave," Debbie repeated. "And he can be your cock slave too!"

"Oh, yes!" Jenny nearly jumped out of her chair with joy. "I like that! I can hardly wait to play cock games with your husband. Maybe we could even start tonight?"

"Tonight?"

"Yes," Jenny answered. "Why not? We can do like a warm up game. We'll do a trade. You let me have Randy's cock, and I'll let you have John's."

I noticed Debbie take a long, hard glance at John and then smile. I didn't like where this was going. I didn't like it at all.

"I'll go and set something up downstairs in the dungeon," She gave me the first hint of what her basement really was like. "Wait about five minutes and then bring Randy. Bring him, that is, if you're woman enough."

"I'm more woman than you'll ever be," Debbie defended herself. "Five minutes! I'll be there."

Jenny got up to leave. John immediately followed without being told. They disappeared around the corner. I heard a door squeak open and then footsteps going down a set of stairs.

To be continued...

Cock Games Ch. 2
byJackBro©

Warning: The following is a sexually explicit story intended for mature audiences. If you are offended by stories of such nature, do not read it. All characters are fictional and not intended to resemble any real people. Comments welcomed.

Note this is the second part of a two part story. For greatest results, I suggest you first read Part I.

* * * * *

"I don't know about this..." I started to say.

"Shut-up!" Debbie quickly quieted me. "Don't you dare embarrass me! We're going downstairs and you are going to like it."

I closed my mouth and went silent. I knew enough not to argue, but I also feared what might happen to me. Pictures of naked young men danced across my mind. I imagined I was one of the men, running away from a horde of women who were trying to grab my dick and jack me off. The thought only made me pre-cumm more.

Five minutes later I stood up and followed Debbie down the stairs. "Are you sure you want to..." I tried to ask again, only to be quickly quieted with a sharp slap against the side of my cock. The touch of her hand upon my hard cock sent a thrill through my body. The fact it was a slap didn't seem to bother me.

Jenny and her husband waited for us at the bottom of the stairs in a dimply-lit basement. I saw John was still naked, and now he stood totally vulnerable too. He was tied to the far wall. Jenny restrained his wrists together high above his head to a metal eyelet in the ceiling. She spread his legs to another pair of ring eyelets projecting out of the floor. There was no way he was going to get free by himself.

As for Jenny, she looked even more gorgeous than before. Her blouse was removed, as were her shorts. She wore only a lacy black bra and matching thong panty. I saw the thong first, as I stepped down the stairs. She faced away and was busy giving one last tightening to the leather cuff around her husband's wrists.

By the time I reached the bottom of the stairs, she turned around to show me that my original suspicions were correct. Her bra was one of those lacy demi-bras, and it was a very small bra. At least half her tits laid exposed. God she looked hot!

"Mmmm, nice," Debbie admired the helpless husband.

"He's not so bad either," Jenny admired my own nakedness.

Although she was partially undressed, she was not nearly as undressed as me. I remained at an erection, naturally, so she could admire every inch of me. Her gorgeous body and meager clothing was sure to keep it that way.

My attention was soon distracted by a second set of rings and eyelets projecting out of the ceiling and floor. They stood in the middle of the room, facing John. At the end of the ring and eyelets were two open metal cuffs on the floor and a leather strap hanging down from the ceiling. They were, I knew, waiting for me.

"Hey bitch," Jenny switched tones and again spoke rudely to my wife. "If you can break your blatant stare at my husband's cock for just a moment, hurry and restrain him. Tie up Randy so we can get started."

Debbie, I noticed, was distracted. She was distracted by John. Or more specifically, she was distracted by his naked, shackled form. I noticed the way she admired him, and I especially noticed the way she mostly admired his cock. He looked even bigger now in the dim light than what I saw upstairs in the living room. No doubt, he had it where it counted most.

To my dismay, Debbie returned back to reality and started to obey. She took my arms and wrapped my wrists together in the leather bonds. My legs she pulled apart and encased in the metal ankle-cuffs. No sooner said than done, I found myself in the same predicament as the hapless John, tied with my arms and legs restrained. I stood up against a metal pole that kept me from leaning back. John faced me, about 6 feet away.

Jenny took control of the proceedings and outlined what exactly would happen.

"Now bitch," She retained her bitchy attitude. "We're going to play a little game. We are going to play a little game with their cocks."

Her words made my heart skip a beat. Her abruptness shocked me.

"We're going to play a little game with our husband's cocks," Jenny said again. "Provided, that is, you are woman enough!"

"I'm more than enough woman for you, you little bitch!" My wife answered, much to my chagrin. I wanted to tell her to wait and make sure she didn't get into something she might regret - or more importantly, something that I might regret.

"All right then," Jenny accepted. "The game is called milk. Man."

"Oh God!" I meekly cried out loud. I know I was not supposed to talk, but her words were too much to resist. I couldn't believe it! I distinctly noticed the way Jenny spoke "milk" and then "man" as two separate words with a long pause between. It didn't take much of an imagination to figure out the thing to be milked was going to be my cock. John and me were going to be masturbated by our wives. Not that I minded being masturbated, but the way she said it put me in heat. Jenny spoke of milking as though us men were no more than domesticated animals. Even worse, she smiled at me after I cried out with surprise, indicating she took pleasure in my humiliation.

"It will once and for all prove," Jenny continued with an even bigger smile. "It will prove just who is more skilled, sexier, and in general - a better woman."

"I accept," Debbie greeted the challenge by taking hold of my erection. She just reached out and grabbed it, placing her hand around its circumference and giving me a tight squeeze.

Jenny, however, I noticed did not grab her own man.

"Not so fast!" She spoke instead. "You've got it backwards. We're going to trade positions. I will milk on the cock of your pathetic slave Randy, and you will try to milk John."

This made my heart skip once again. I couldn't believe it! This gorgeous young woman wanted to stroke my cock. Jenny wanted to stroke me! All my inhibitions went flying out the window. Debbie let go just when I needed it most.

"You mean I have to do it to John?" Debbie seemed to forget I was in the room. I noticed her look at John as she posed her question.

"Do it?" Jenny asked back with mock surprise. "If by 'do it' you mean whack off his cock, beat his meat, or whatever you want to call it, then yes. You have to try to milk John's big cock." Jenny confirmed my worse fears. "That is, if you think you can! Provided he's not too much of a man for you, that is."

"Oh no!" Debbie answered quickly. "He's not too much at all. He's just right."

I looked at my wife with disgust as a pleasant smile formed on her lips. By "just right," I knew what she really meant to say was "big." She seemed to take delight in the opportunity to beat on the cock of a big man. I think she forgot that I stood just beside her.

"We will milk the cock of each other's husband," Jenny clarified even further. "We can use whatever means necessary to get them off. The object of the game is to get them off and make them erupt."

"Yes!" Debbie spoke with a bit more enthusiasm than what I normally would have expected.

"And you have to announce it before it will count," Jenny added. "I like to watch it when John squirts for another woman, and I'm sure you will want to watch Randy when he becomes a slave to my hand."

"Of course," Debbie seemed to take delight in this.

"And of course we will need to have a prize for the winner," Jenny gave a look of deep thought, although I think she knew exactly what the prize would be all along. "How about if the winner gets to have the loser's husband two weeks from tonight?"

Debbie almost jumped with delight. "You mean we trade?"

"Oh no," Jenny clarified. "That wouldn't be much of a prize. I mean you get to have your own husband too. You get to have sex with both of them; both of them in one night."

"Both?" Debbie asked in shock.

"Oh yes," Jenny clarified still further. "Let me tell you Debbie, you've never been fucked until you've had two men at a time. I personally like to use them as live dildoes. You know, I switch between one and then the other. I don't allow either one to cumm, so they last a very long time. I'll usually give myself three or maybe four orgasms before I let either one finish off inside me."

"Oh God!" Debbie let out. "Multiple orgasms!"

"Multiple orgasms," Jenny repeated. "The winner will get to untie her husband and then take the other slave too. Both of them will have to submit unconditionally to do whatever the winner wants, and he will have to do it for as long as the winner desires. Do you agree?"

"Agreed," Debbie accepted much too quickly for my taste. "Sounds like fun!" I noticed her eyes were almost riveted upon John when she said it.

"Good," Jenny replied. "Any other questions?"

Debbie just shook her head and took a deep breath.

"Do you understand what you have to do?"

She nodded. "I have to make John cumm first!"

Jenny laughed. "Oh please, we can't have a 60 second contest, can we? By the look of Randy's schlogn, I think he is practically ready to cumm without me touching it!"

She was right, of course. I was ready to cumm the moment this gorgeous young bitch laid a hand on me. I wondered if she could see how incredibly hard I was, but then realized of course she could. Jenny stood only a few feet away. She could see everything.

Still, her words confused me. First the object of the game was to make me cumm, and then it wasn't. What was going on?

"No," Jenny seemed to read my thoughts. "We won't just be making our male slaves cumm," She took a step towards me and smiled. "The winner is the one who makes her slave cumm three times."

"No!" I cried out at this drastic change in plan. For a moment I thought I might have heard wrong, but then she spoke it again.

"The object of the game will be for each of us to make her male slave erupt three times," She ignored my comments. "The first one to make her husband eject three times tonight is the winner. We're going to give them a very thorough milking. In the game milk man, we need to milk them dry."

"No please!" I couldn't help but say. "Please Debbie, don't let her!" I dreaded the thought of being masturbated into three ejections in a row, even if the masturbator was to be Jenny.

"Well, what do you say?" She turned to my wife and ignored me. "It looks like Randy can't wait! I know he's going to enjoy the first one and maybe even the second, but the third..." She stopped in mid-sentence to laugh at me.

Much to my dismay, Debbie laughed too. She looked first at me and then back to John. She hesitated for a second, but then she seemed to enjoy the thought.

"Sounds good!" She finally spoke. "Yeah bitch - I agree. Let's do it."

I couldn't believe this. Debbie had just agreed to allow another woman to milk me dry. Jenny was going to stroke my cock into repetitive ejections. Worse of all, there was nothing I could do to stop her. I stood completely helpless and vulnerable. Jenny would be able to stroke my cock into as many ejections as she wanted. I knew I was going to have a very sore boner by the time the evening was done.

"And one more thing," Jenny added. "Just to make it more interesting to the guys, let's make it so the winning girl gets to have the loosing man's nuts."

This made my heart skip a beat once more, but I wasn't exactly sure what she meant. Apparently, Debbie wasn't too sure either.

"His nuts?" She questioned. "What do you mean, his nuts?"

"You know, his balls!" Jenny answered. "If I get Randy to cumm three times first, I get to squeeze his nuts."

"No!" I cried out one more time. "Oh God! No! Debbie please, don't agree!"

Debbie didn't answer right away. Instead, I noticed her look at John. "And if I win, then I get to squeeze John's nuts?" She questioned as she took a hard look back at John.

"You've got it," Jenny confirmed. "If you can jerk John off three times before I do the same to Randy, which I'm sure you won't, then you get to take a tight squeeze on his nuts.

Debbie continued looking at John. I couldn't believe she was even considering this.

"How tight?" She questioned to my astonishment.

"As tight as either of us wants to squeeze them," Jenny answered. "I don't know about you, but if I got the opportunity to squeeze Randy's balls..." She made a motion with her hand. She brought her fingers together and then enclosed them into a tight fist.

"I see," Debbie accepted.

"That is, only if you're willing, bitch!" Jenny tempted her more.

Debbie only glared back at her. I still don't think she realized I was in the room. Before she spoke it, I already knew her answer.

"Please tell her no!" I weakly cried out anyway, but to no avail. The two of them simply ignored me.

"If you're willing to sacrifice your husband's nuts, then I guess I'm willing to sacrifice mine too."

I nearly screamed with the realization that I not only was going to be stroked into three repetitive ejections, but my nuts were going to be crushed down to the size of peanuts too. There was no way I was going to be able to hold my cock at bay against such a gorgeous sex object.

* * * * *

Jenny spoke up: "And now, begin!"

I watched as Debbie lustfully approached John's long dong and started in right away on his stiff shaft.

"Oh wow!" I heard her speak out with amazement as she took hold. "Oh, it's so big!"

I watched as Debbie took the young man's firm erection in her hand and began to stroke. She had to give him long, long strokes to make it all the way up his length. I think I even saw wetness when her hand again descended down off the peak.

Jenny, by contrast, took her time with me. Instead of rushing into it, she casually walked up to me and whispered in my ear: "You're my cock slave," She spoke. "I can't wait to take your nuts."

As she spoke, she grabbed and squeezed my balls roughly. I let out a slight yelp, but I found it didn't hurt. Jenny let go just as she was about to squeeze them tight. I think she was only giving me a hint of what was to come.

Next, she sank to her knees. To my amazement, I felt her encompass her mouth around the bulbous head of my cock. I never thought about oral sex. I assumed she would stroke me just like Debbie was doing to John, but then I remembered her earlier words about any form necessary.

At the same time I felt something go around the base of my cock. It felt cold and hard, like a metal ring. It fit around snugly and then I felt it tighten down.

"It's a cock ring," Jenny took my cock out of her mouth long enough to explain. "It's so you will keep hard between milkings."

I couldn't believe this! I heard about cock rings before, but no girl had ever used one on me.

"It will keep you hard even after you squirt," Jenny took my cock out of her mouth once more to explain in more detail. "It will keep you hard so I can start right back in and keep stroking you. I need to keep stroking you if I'm going to have your balls."

Immediately, I panicked, knowing that to cumm probably meant a great torment from Jenny.

"Oh no!" I pleaded. "Oh God Jenny, no!"

"Yes!" Jenny switched from sucking to stroking. "Oh yes, I can feel you swelling."

I felt it too. I felt the cock-ring dig into my member. It didn't hurt; it just felt tight. It felt so damn tight! I first thought she somehow tightened it, but then I realized it was only my cock swelling up around it.

"The cock ring will also delay your eruption," Jenny moved out of the way and pointed my cock at Debbie. "But don't worry, you'll still erupt."

Her hand felt even worse - or better, depending on one's perspective. In any case, I rapidly felt myself approach the edge of the cliff and then felt like I was going over. My cock was in desperate need to eject; yet it did not. Jenny was able to continue. It was the cock ring, I knew. It squeezed my member and delayed the inevitable.

"Oh wow! You're even thicker than before," Jenny spoke, sounding like she was genuinely impressed. She kept up her relentless pumping action. "And I really like your hard head."

I felt it too. My cock had never felt so big and swollen in all my life. And what was even worse, it kept on getting bigger and harder. I felt it begin to throb as though it was ejaculating; yet it did not.

"Oh I can just feel your jism build up inside," Jenny told me. "I can feel this is really going to be a big one."

"Oh fuck!" I had to yell. The head of my cock no longer felt soft. It seemed hard as stone. I think I could feel my balls rise up and prime themselves to empty.

"His cannon is about to fire!" Jenny announced to my wife, and then she let go.

Immediately upon her release I exploded. My cock ejaculated like it had never ejaculated before. Sperm went flying six feet into the air. I saw it land on Debbie's lower leg, a full five feet away. She never had time to turn around. A great load of spunk went flying across the room.

"Wow!" Jenny spoke impressed.

Debbie turned at the last moment to show me a shocked look on her face. She still held John in her hand, pumping him like she so many times before pumped on me. To my dismay, he had not yet cummed.

"One down," Jenny told her.

I noticed Debbie immediately pick up her pace. Her hand started to pump more rapidly.

I, meanwhile, wanted to erupt again. I wanted to squirt out my usual three or maybe four pulses of cumm. My organ continued to spasm within its tight confines. But the cock-ring prevented it. I realized I still had a lot of sperm left over inside for another ejaculation.

Jenny knew it too, and she started in again almost right away. "Do you feel it?" She stood up and whispered into my ear as her hand continued to travel up and down my length of cock. "Can you tell that you haven't finished? You'll be ready to go again in just a few minutes."

"Oh no!" I cried out. I felt it all right. I was still hard as a rock. My cock refused to deflate because it was still filled with juices just waiting to come out.

From across the way I heard moaning, but it wasn't from John. Instead, I heard it from Debbie. I could tell that she really liked his big cock.

"Come on slutboy," I then started to hear Debbie speak to him. "Let me drain that big horse cock of yours dry."

Her words made it even worse for me. I had never heard Debbie speak such filth out loud - at least to me, but then I suppose my reward wasn't as great.

I tried to hold out for as long as I could, but I felt myself approach the edge once again. John hadn't orgasmed even once, yet I felt my second approach! There was no way I was going to win this competition.

To make matters even worse, Jenny went down to her knees a second time.

"No! Oh no!" I cried out as she began again to use her mouth. Fuck, she was good! She used her tongue to tickle the tip of my pre-cumming cock while she pumped up and down my shaft with her hand.

The whole episode started up all over again. I felt myself reach the edge, go over, and then continue to fall. Jenny backed away and stood up. She pulled away just before my cock was ready to go off. Then, she called over. Debbie turned in almost perfect timing to watch my second orgasm.

It happed just like the first time. I didn't eject right away. My sperm found it difficult to get past the cock-ring. Instead, it boiled up inside until I couldn't stand it any more. My resistance disappeared and my cock throbbed.

A moment later my resistance vanished. I came in a huge spurt. I exploded in a giant geyser all over the floor as she pulled her hand away and gave Debbie a chance to watch.

"Two down," Jenny laughed triumphantly. "You'll soon be mine! Oh Randy, you're going to be my sex slave."

I actually felt better now, now that I had cummed the second time. But still, I knew I was in trouble. John hadn't even cummed once yet. Debbie looked as though she was jerking him off without abandonment, yet the guy still refused to let go.

"Oh God!" I heard Debbie utter out loud right after she watched me cumm. I noticed she didn't even stop stroking when she watched. She just reached behind her and stroked on John's long cock the whole time.

"What's wrong with him?" She finally asked. "I mean I'm pumping and squeezing like crazy! What's going on?"

Jenny didn't answer right away. She instead turned her attention back to my still raging hard-on. My cock refused to get soft just as much as John's refused to cumm.

"He's trained," Jenny announced to me but spoke to Debbie. "He will only cumm when I command it." She started to pump on my cock once again.

"What?" I think both Debbie and me said at the same time.

"That's ridiculous!" Debbie told her. "You can't train a guy's cock!"

"Then just try to get him off," Jenny smiled as she looked me in the eye. I felt her hand rise and lower along the length of my cock. "Just like I'm going to get you off," She spoke more softly just to me.

I couldn't believe this. A trained cock! A guy couldn't be trained to eject on command. It wasn't possible, yet...

Debbie continued to stroke on him. I watched as she used both hands. Most of the time I couldn't see anything because her back faced me, but she occasionally turned around to check how I was doing. With every turn, I saw her hand on his cock. Sometimes I even saw two hands, and a few times I even watched her play with his balls.

I could see a lot more after Jenny went back down on her knees again.

"Oh no!" I cried out with the full realization of what she was going to do. "Please Jenny, not that again!"

Once more, she took me into her mouth. I felt the tip of my cock part her lips and dive inside. Immediately after her tongue started up its relentless teasing action.

Debbie took a glance at me soon after. She looked as though she was trying everything on him, and then she tried one more thing. To my horror, I saw her kneel down in front just like Jenny. She positioned herself in front of John just like Jenny was doing to me. I knew what she was about to do.

I couldn't see it, but I could clearly hear it. John moaned as she took him into her mouth. Debbie moaned too, although her moans were more muffled. I watched as my wife sucked on another man's cock.

The sight put me into ecstasy. I never dreamed how stimulating it be to watch my wife suck on another guy. And his size! I couldn't get over his tremendous size. I saw her continue to stroke rapidly on the lower half while she must have held his cock-head inside her mouth.

I felt as though I was about to erupt a third time, but just before I reached the edge Jenny took me out of her mouth to speak.

"Oh Jenny!" I cried out at the sudden absence of any stimulation.

"One of the games we like to play," She proceeded to tell my wife about the games, even though she earlier said she would not. "One of the games I especially like to play is virgin sacrifice. I would love for you to bring your husband to our next party and make believe his cock is a virgin sacrifice."

She returned to sucking, bringing me to the edge once again before she backed off.

"Or maybe we can use him in a gladiator game," She offered another suggestion. "That's where we put two naked men in a ring and they have to wrestle. It's so exhilarating to watch two naked men wrestle with each other, especially when you think about what the winner will win and what the looser will loose."

She refused to finish her story and gave her attention back to my raging hard-on.

"I assumed the winner will get to fuck," Debbie guessed, apparently backing away from John's cock in order to speak. "But the loser?"

"For the looser," Jenny took her turn to back away. "The looser will be very sore because it is no simple wrestling match. For you see, the object of the match is for one of the guys to maneuver himself into the other guy's crotch. The winner is the first guy who gets hold of the other guy's nuts." "Oh God!" Debbie pulled herself away long enough from John's cock to speak. "And then what?"

"And then the winner gets to squeeze them," Jenny answered as she switched to stroking. "The looser must endure an excruciating nut crunching!"

Debbie, to my horror, turned and smiled at this. I also noticed her hand did not pump John nearly as quick as before. It was as though she gave up.

Meanwhile, Jenny continued her non-relenting pumps with her own hand. Her words about male balls reminded me of her earlier deal. I wondered what she had planned for my balls after she won.

"Turn around and watch your husband loose," Jenny moved to the side so my wife could have a clearer view of my cock. She continued to pump as I noticed Debbie turn and almost stop pumping herself.

"Watch Randy shoot his most tremendous load ever," She told my wife. At the same time, I felt the vice-like grip of the cock-ring leave me.

"He better not!" Debbie warned to my surprise. "He better not screw around with another woman!"

I wanted to tell her that I wasn't screwing around at all. Rather, another woman was screwing around with me. There was nothing I could do about it.

"Oh, I beg to differ!" Jenny disagreed. "I think Randy's about to show me everything he's got!"

I tried to will myself to go soft with the release of the ring, fearful of the impending nut crushing of my balls. My hardened cock, however, refused to obey. If anything, it seemed to grow even harder and was pushed closer to the edge. I knew this time I would not be limited to a single squirt. I was going to have a full fledged ejaculation.

"Damn you Randy!" Debbie nearly screamed at me. "You bastard! You better not squirt for her!"

She spoke with anger. It sounded as if she was genuinely angry at me, which made me realize she could act well - given the proper stimulation.

Meanwhile, my pumped cock started to throb. There was nothing I could do against the onslaught of Jenny's hand. Only a few seconds after Debbie yelled at me not to, I did so anyway. I pushed out my waist and grunted as my cock did it against my will. A tremendous relief swept over me as a long stream of sperm shot into the air.

"I win!" Jenny cried out in triumph as she let go and watched my cock continue to shoot. Another stream of sperm shot out, and then yet another.

"Oh, he's a healthy one," Jenny spoke with glee. "Good distance! And excellent quantity too!"

I never felt so humiliated in my life. Another woman, a complete stranger, expressed her opinion on the performance of my cock. Her opinion was, thankfully, positive; but I still felt utterly humiliated. I pushed out my hips and shot two more times before I was finished - or at least I think I shot. They might have been dry cumms, but I didn't look. Instead, I looked at a smiling Debbie stair back at me.

"I can't believe it!" My wife spoke. "You made Randy cumm three times in less than an hour, yet I can't get John to cumm even once." She stopped her relentless stroking of John's big cock to look at me. "How does he do it?"

"I told you, he's trained," Jenny answered. "John will only cumm when I give him permission to cumm."

"But that's impossible!" Debbie argued. "You can't control a man like that!"

"Oh yes you can," Jenny spoke calmly. "I can even prove it to you."

"Prove it?" Debbie asked.

"Yes, prove it," Jenny told her. "But I will have to prove it my way."

I knew what was going to happen - or at least I thought I knew. She was going to give John permission to cumm - just not quite in the way I expected.

"What do you mean, your way?" Debbie remained oblivious.

"Don't touch him," Jenny answered her question with a demonstration. "Kneel down in front of John. Get real close, but don't touch him. Not yet!"

Debbie looked back with a confused expression on her face, but then she looked at John and I think she maybe understood. I couldn't ready her mind, but I clearly saw a big smile form on her face after she looked at John and then took a quick glance back at the two of us.

"Well, all right," She spoke hesitantly. "I'll do what you say."

Debbie knelt. With her back towards me, She knelt on the ground just in front of him. I couldn't help but notice the big cock pointed at her face.

"Do you swallow?" Jenny questioned as soon as my wife was in position.

A moan emulated from Debbie's lips. "You mean you want me to..."

"Answer my question," Jenny chastised. "Do you always swallow?"

Debbie went silent for a long while, and then I heard her take a deep breath.

"Always!" She finally answered with a lie.

She never swallowed with me. She didn't even like oral sex. Debbie said it was disgusting to swallow a man's sperm, but it didn't look that way any more. John seemed to have changed her mind.

"Then get ready to really swallow," Jenny spoke.

"Oh God!" Debbie let out another moan.

"Because I want you to open wide for me," She instructed. "Don't lean forward or let yourself move any closer to him. Stay frozen exactly where you are. Let John come to you." Jenny let out a short giggle as Debbie let out another moan.

I couldn't see what was happening because I could only see the back of my wife's head, but I could clearly hear the result in Jenny's words.

"That's the way! That's perfect!" She stepped up to my wife and coached her. "Do it just like you do to your husband. Open wide and let him deposit himself in you."

I couldn't believe what I was witnessing.

"Now don't lick it or do anything else," Jenny continued to coach as I saw John's hips bend forward. "You don't have to suck on it at all. Let John do all the work."

Debbie moaned again, except this time it was a muffled moan. Something blocked her voice. And by the position of John's hips and the size of his cock, I knew what it was. I figured she held his head inside. I couldn't believe I was actually watching Debbie with the head of another man's cock in her mouth.

"That's perfect!" Jenny applauded the two of them. "Now I'm going to count down from three and have him do it. Say 'yes' if you think you are ready for him."

"Ysss," I heard Debbie attempt to say in a muffled voice.

"What was that?" Jenny asked. "It's difficult to understand you with my husband's cock buried half way into your mouth."

"Ysss!" Debbie spoke louder the second time.

"Then get ready," Jenny instructed. "Because he's really going to cumm after so much stroking. Don't let your mouth off the head of his cock. You have to let him blow his entire load of spunk into you."

Debbie didn't say anything. She just continued to kneel in front of me with another man's cock shoved into her mouth.

"I'll start with three," Jenny started the countdown.

Debbie immediately answered with another moan.

"Two," She paused several seconds to another moan.

"One and zero!"

I could tell it immediately when he let go. John let out a deep grunt. At the same time, Debbie's body went ridged. It seemed to almost jump in surprise. I knew what filled her mouth.

A few seconds later he grunted a second time, and Debbie answered with the same reaction.

"Swallow!" Jenny nearly yelled at her. "You've got to swallow. He's got lots more still to go."

John grunted a third time and then a fourth. Each time Debbie answered him with a moan of satisfaction.

"Swallow!" Jenny kept telling her. "Swallow his every load. I want every drop of my husband's sperm deep inside your belly."

And she did swallow! I couldn't actually see it, but I heard it. It sounded like she was drinking a full glass of water, raising it higher and higher up into the air, draining the glass dry. I could tell Debbie swallowed every drop.

"Now suck on it," Jenny instructed. "Make sure to drain out every drop of his big horse cock."

And Debbie did suck. She sucked so hard I could hear her. I think she sucked on his cock for above five minutes more, as though she maybe expected it to spurt again. I don't think she wanted to let go of the big thing. She enjoyed it too much.

"What a cock!" Debbie yelled out when she finally backed away. "And you were right! It really is trained!"

I distinctly noticed her use the term "it" when referring to John's cock. He no longer was a person. The only thing that mattered was his cock.

"Yes, it is trained," Jenny acknowledged exactly what she had been saying all along. "And just think what you can all do with a trained cock. Just think how many times he can bring you to orgasm!"

"Oh God!" Debbie's hands went up to her mouth in disbelief.

"That's right!" Jenny confirmed her thoughts. "John can easily fuck a woman into multiple orgasms. He's trained well enough to fuck for at least an hour before he cumms. He can fuck you in every possible position and in every possible way. If you're careful, he can even fuck you all night long!"

"Oh yes!" Debbie seemed to be in a dream. "What a cock!"

"Maybe I will even let him fuck you," Jenny tempted. "Would you like that? How about it bitch? Would you like my husband to fuck you until you can't stand it any more?"

Debbie turned back to look at John, and then she turned to Jenny. She didn't say anything, but just nodded her head in agreement.

"I'll let him fuck you if you wish," Jenny tempted some more. "I'll let you take the full length of his horse dick all the way inside. And if you think he's good in the hand and mouth, wait until you feel him split open your cunt!"

"Oh God!" Debbie continued staring straight ahead at the half-deflated cock in front of her. It was still longer than mine, even in the deflated state.

"I'll send him over to your place to fuck you like you have never been fucked before," Jenny told her. "I'll have him show up at your front door - Hard."

Debbie let out a deep moan in response.

"It'll be real simple, but I just have two little conditions," Jenny said. "You open your front door, and he'll be standing on the other side, naked and hard. I'll order my cock slave to your house two weeks from tonight, but I just have two little conditions you have to first obey."

Debbie nodded without looking up from his cock. "I'll do anything!"

"That's good!" Jenny sounded pleased. "First, your birth control pills." She held out her hand. "Give me your birth control pills. Let me have your protection."

This shocked me, but instead of shocking Debbie she looked for her purse. It still lay on the floor where she left it at the bottom of the stairs. Debbie crawled over, reached into the purse, and took out her pills. She followed Jenny's instruction and handed them over. I couldn't believe it!

"In case you're wondering," Jenny stepped to the corner of the room and tossed the circular pill box into a trash can. "John won't be wearing any protection either. No rubbers for John. You'll be getting it bareback. You'll both be completely unprotected. That's my first condition. Do you agree?"

This shocked me again, but it shocked me even more when Debbie nodded her head and quietly said "yes."

"And as for my second condition," Jenny went on. "You can't fuck each other just once. We'll start in exactly two weeks from today, on Friday night, after the protection from your birth control pills wears off, but it won't end there. Before you go to work in the morning, you will arrive at my front door. You will undress at the front door, step inside, and then walk up to my bedroom. John wakes every morning with wood. You will relieve him with your cunt, every morning, for two weeks."

"No!" I spoke to my wife, but she didn't seem to hear me.

"John will also continue to arrive at your front door every night for the same two weeks," Jenny continued. "He will show up for your twice daily fucking, for two straight weeks, without protection."

To my horror, I watched as my wife continued to nod her head. She did it with pleasure. I noticed she even did it while wearing a great big smile on her face. I understood why the opportunity of receiving a fuck by John would get her excited, but I think the possibility of getting fucked without protection excited her even more.

"You will be a worthless wreck at work," Jenny finally let us in on her plan. "After a twice daily fuck from John, you won't be able to get a damn thing done at work. You'll be sleeping at your desk because John's big cock will keep you up all night. And you'll arrive late to work every morning because you won't want to leave his cock unsatisfied. You'll get fired, and then I will take over your job."

Debbie didn't seem to hear this revelation.

"And even if you don't get fired right away," Jenny still had more to go. "There is no way you will be able to hold out against such a tremendous onslaught of cock," Jenny told her. "And I won't give him permission to cumm for at least an hour every time, thus assuring a large load of sperm with each fuck. And considering the depth his sperm will be deposited inside you, there is no possible way you will be able to hold out."

"Yes!" Debbie spoke excitedly.

"He will impregnate you," Jenny finally concluded. "He will probably impregnate you with his first fuck, but I'll have him continue for two weeks just to be sure. And he will impregnate you with twins or maybe even triplets, and then I will take over your job when you go on maternity leave."

"Oh yes!" Debbie accepted to my horror. "It will be worth it!"

"Yes it will be!" Jenny agreed. "I'm certain you will enjoy him. It will be the best two weeks of your life!"

"Oh yes, I'm sure it will be," Debbie agreed.

"Good then," Jenny let out a sigh. "It looks like my plan has worked perfectly. I think it's time to celebrate, and I think I will take out my celebration with your husband's nuts."

I cringed as I remembered once more the punishment for the loosing male.

"You better hope John can get you pregnant," Jenny raised the palm of her hand as if to show the instrument of my punishment. "Because after I am finished with your husband's nuts tonight, he may no longer be able."

Without warning, she grabbed me by the balls with her opposite hand and squeezed down hard. Debbie took no action to help me as I yelled out.