Just Get It Over With
byAddToWater©

Author's Note: I affirm that all of the characters within this story are over the age of 18.

THE ANNOYANCE

It was barely a week into 19-year-old Stephanie's summer vacation when she became fed up with her 18-year-old brother, Greg. Originally she had been looking forward to being back home with her parents, and yes even her annoying brother Greg, after experiencing her freshman year in college and all the wonders (and stresses) of a large campus. Spending some relaxing quiet time in the small town where she grew up seemed like a good way to recharge her batteries, and she had figured she'd do purely leisure activities for at least a couple of weeks, then perhaps pick up a summer job or put in some volunteer hours at the small medical clinic in town. Aspiring to be a nurse, she knew she'd need to start getting some hands-on experience before too long.

But Greg was getting on her nerves, and only after a few days. How could she put up with him and his antics all summer? It actually hadn't occurred to her that she'd have to deal with him at all. For the last few summers, Greg had attended a summer camp a hundred miles away. When he was younger he enjoyed attending; in his middle to late-teens he became a junior camp counselor. As he finished his senior year in high school, he turned 18 and declared that he was done with summer camp in any form. He would be enjoying one last lazy summer until it was his turn to start his freshman year in collage, like Stephanie.

The reason Stephanie was so annoyed with her brother was absurd, but there was no denying it: Greg was hopelessly obsessed with Stephanie's boobs.

Sighing at the thought of Greg's testosterone-fueled stupidity, Stephanie entered her bedroom and stood in front of a full-length mirror in the corner. She looked at her own breasts, which swelled amply under her white v-neck short-sleeved t-shirt. She had to admit to herself, for a young petite woman of her short stature (she was only a couple inches over five feet and only about 110 pounds), her breasts were indeed larger than average. Much larger than average, she had to admit.

Stephanie knew it was what guys first noticed about her when being approached in social settings. Her friend and classmate Shelly once joked to her that any guy Stephanie dated didn't know that the color of her eyes was green or that her long hair was blond until the third date. She wasn't naive, she knew that her breasts were her sexy secret weapon, but she also knew that men's general obsession with them could also be a distraction and that she might not be taken seriously. It was a fact of life that she was well-endowed in the breast department, and she would just have to deal with it.

But her own brother's obsession? Jesus.

Stephanie not only had large breasts, they had started developing early, much earlier than her female friends in her age group. And almost immediately her brother Greg started noticing them and staring at them pretty much all the time. Stephanie would simply yell at him to snap out of it, sometimes bop in him on the head, and he would blush and look away. Even Mom and Dad had scolded him for openly starting at his sister's chest.

Having been gone for the school year, and with the vain hopes that her brother had matured at least somewhat, or perhaps gotten a girlfriend to focus on, Stephanie figured that her brother's obsession with her tits would have faded. But to her initial shock and then utter annoyance, she had been home barely 10 minutes, exchanging hugs with her parents and yes, even her brother, when she glanced at him and found that his gaze was squarely on her secret weapons. As a young teenager, she could simply ignore his gazes and chalk it off to ignorant and innocent puberty kicking in. But now, at 18, her brother was officially and adult. And despite the age, she was his sister!

She had considered talking to her friend Shelly about it and seeking her advice. But as the whole thing had an incestuous bend to it, she didn't really want to bring up such an awkward topic. For pretty much the same reason she didn't mention it to her folks, and whether they noticed his renewed staring habits or not, they hadn't said anything since she'd returned home. No, she was going to have to take matters into her own hands. She was going to have to confront her brother about it once and for all.

Stephanie suddenly felt the pure irony of the fact that while she had been standing there trying to figure out what to do about her brother staring at her tits, she was standing there staring at her own tits. She allowed herself a quick laugh, and her anger subsided somewhat. Despite her brother's annoying habits, staring her breasts being chief among them, she realized that she still loved him and cared for him. He was often annoying, but he was never mean. In fact, he was quite caring and supportive in general. By nature, Greg was easy-going and definitely not hung up about himself like some knuckle-dragging idiots she'd dated in the past.

The more she thought of her brother's demeanor, Stephanie realized that most of the time Greg had a quiet confidence about him. When she would catch him lost in his own thoughts, and actually not starting at her chest, he often had a small smirk on his face, even a twinkle in his eye, as if he had a special secret that only he knew about. She had to admit that he had also grown into a pretty good looking guy, and she knew that he would have little trouble getting dates in college. What it boiled down to was this one major flaw: for some reason he just wouldn't let up on staring at her breasts!

It would have to be dealt with. Soon.

THE PLAN

Throughout the course of the day, Stephanie contemplated how to approach her brother about it. At the extreme end of the spectrum she could simply start screaming at him the next time she caught him staring, perhaps even in the presence of her parents to maximize the shock value. But she quickly dismissed that thought, because it could deeply embarrass him to the the point that their otherwise good sibling relationship would be irrevocably altered.

She knew that her approach would have to be one-on-one and somehow in a way that would embarrass him the least. She would sit him down and be direct but with a careful tone, perhaps a little gentle pleading, maybe add a couple of tears. That would reach into his heart and help him man up and break his immature habit. Maybe...

That evening another idea hit her like a ton of bricks and in the most unusual way.

Stephanie, Greg and their folks enjoyed a nice dinner together. Mom kept remarking that it was so nice to have everyone home this summer, lamenting that once Greg started college she and Dad would officially be "empty nesters." Dad just grinned mischievously, it was obvious he was looking forward to having no kids around for once. Greg engaged in conversation as well, but of course he spent much of the time staring at his sister's chest.

After dinner they all gathered in the den to watch TV, perhaps stream a movie. Stephanie's dad flipped on the TV, and before he could hit the menu button they were all a bit shocked to see two naked people on the screen! Stephanie's mom, who was always rather conservative, let out a gasp, but almost immediately they all noticed that the people on the TV were actually censored...sort of.

"I know this show," Greg remarked. "It's Naked and Afraid. Hilarious."

"Naked and Afraid?" Mom asked.

Everyone continued to watch. The naked people were censored in that their private parts were blurred out, but they were clearly naked. They were also dirty, as if they were stranded castaways, and they appeared to be making some kind of camp in the middle of a jungle.

"Yeah," Greg replied. "It's one of those survival shows, but the big twist is that the contestants, always a man and a woman, are required to be completely naked-at least when they first get there. Sometimes they fashion make-shift loin-cloth type things."

"You sure know a lot about this show," Dad quipped. Greg blushed and Stephanie couldn't help but let out a giggle. But Dad was also apparently curious, because when he saw that the DVR had been recording this channel he scanned back to where the show began.

"Honey, seriously?" Mom said.

"I'm just trying to get how this show gets started," Dad said. "I mean, it sure seems like it would be distracting to have to do that naked. Are they married?"

"No," Greg said. "They are always complete strangers." Clearly he had seen several episodes of this show.

Sure enough, the show's introduction of the contestants specified that they'd be meeting for the first time when they got dropped off at their survival location and made to strip down. In this particular episode the guy was a fireman who liked to do extreme sports, so he seemed in pretty good shape for survival. The woman was an ER doctor who had served in the Air Force. They would be required to last seven days in the wilderness-in this case a jungle in Laos-with only one or two items from a survival wish list. The guy got a flint and a small pocket knife. The woman got an empty plastic bottle and a fish hook.

Both contestants were being transported separately to the meeting point, both expressing a bit of anxiety about being naked, but they were also pumped up about proving they could survive with no significant survival gear or tools. As soon as they were dropped off they took off all their clothes, including underwear, and handed it over to what must've been an assistant to the camera person. Then they started walking toward the meeting point.

"I can't believe anyone would do this," Mom said as the two naked strangers finally saw each other from a distance that was steadily closing.

Stephanie couldn't believe it either, but she was used to shock TV shows like this. She was genuinely curious to see how the two would react to each other's naked bodies. Although their genitals were blurred out it was apparent that they were both in pretty decent shape, even fairly attractive. And here they were, meeting for the first time completely in the nude.

There was definitely a bit of awkwardness as the two shook hands and exchanged names (Jack and Sarah) and what they did for a living. They would also have quick cut-scenes where the contestants recalled what they were thinking and feeling in those moments. In the woman's cut-scene she said, "As a doctor, particularly an ER doctor, I see naked people practically every day, so I'm pretty much immune to it, doesn't shock me. But I could tell Jack was doing his best to maintain eye-contact with me. It was actually very gentlemanly of him."

Stephanie immediately glanced over at Greg. He was watching the show.

Sarah continued, "I knew that it was going to be awkward no matter what, and I also knew that I had to get along well with Jack if we were to help each other survive, so I decided to just let him get the staring out of his system right away."

The show cut back to their introductory exchange, and Sarah said, "Look we're going to be naked for the next week, and survival needs to be our focus. Distractions can literally be fatal out here, so I want you to feel free to just get it over with and get it out of your system." With a big grin she held her arms out and did a slow turn in front of Jack, then added with in a playful tone, "Have a good long look!" Jack was grinning ear-to-ear and getting a good long look at her naked body. Sarah, in turn, did her own fair amount of staring, and with obviously provocative editing, they included a quick close-up of Sarah's face, apparently looking down at Jack's crotch, and raising her eyebrows in appreciation.

After a couple moments of that they laughed, even gave each other a light hug, then set off on their adventure. Stephanie and her family ended up watching the entire episode. Amazingly, throughout the rest of the show Jack and Sarah worked side-by-side as if they were fully clothed. The sexual tension was pretty much gone.

Throughout the episode, Stephanie kept glancing over at Greg, and an idea-a crazy idea-started formulating in her head. Two phrases that the contestant Sarah had said kept resonating in her mind:

Just get it over with...

Get it out of your system...

Later, after everyone had gone to bed, Stephanie was wide awake under her covers, wearing simple cotton panties and t-shirt, her mind buzzing. Was she insane just thinking that the "Sarah Tactic" might be an good option to use on Greg? If she actually just whipped her shirt off and let him get an eyeful might that actually get him to calm down and behave more appropriately?

She giggled at the thought, at first chastising herself for even considering exposing her breasts to Greg. But she couldn't help but further consider the option, and she eventually came to the realization that if she were to do something like that, her approach and tone were still critical to its success. If she just cornered him and took her shirt off, her brother would get an eyeful but he could also likely freak out, just as he might if she were to scream at him.

No, she had to be more thoughtful about it. And she would have to commit. If she merely took her shirt off but still wore a bra, he would definitely get much more exposure to her breasts, but not much more than he had certainly seen whenever they went swimming and she wore a bikini. She would have to be completely topless. And she would have to allow him a good long look, no quick flashes. She would have to allow him to burn the image of her naked breasts into his brain. Then, hopefully, finally knowing exactly what his sister's big breasts looked like, he would start staring less often now that the mystery being gone.

Stephanie decided she would have to set some other ground rules to ensure he behaved properly in the moment. She also thought to herself, "Hell, this might be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for me to get a favor in return from my brother!" Her parents had told her that they would permit her to spend the summer in the house rent-free and without getting a job so long as she agreed to help with general chores around the house, from vacuuming to mowing the lawn to replacing a toilet valve, whatever came up. The same applied to Greg, and Dad was an equal opportunity chore-giver. He simply divided up the chores and projects he and Mom wanted to get done that summer, and the kids were expected to pull their wight.

"I think I can get Greg to agree to take on more of a workload than me," Stephanie thought. With a slightly evil grin she reached her hands up and pushed her two braless breasts together under her thin shirt. Until well past midnight she mapped out her scheme in her mind...

THE MOMENT

Another two days passed before the opportunity arose. The weekend was approaching, and Stephanie and Greg's father surprised their mother by announcing he was taking her on a romantic three-day weekend trip for their 24th Wedding Anniversary.

"The twenty-fourth?" Mom had said, puzzled. "Wouldn't it be more appropriate to do something special for the twenty-fifth?"

Dad had retorted with a grin, "Then it wouldn't be a surprise!" That was Dad, hopeless romantic and goof ball rolled into one.

Dad gave Mom barely a day to pack for their weekend trip to some cozy bed-and-breakfast on a lake abbot two hours' drive from home. He lectured the kids about behaving, keeping the place clean, continuing with their chores, no parties, etc. But neither parent was worried; they were fortunate to have more or less well-mannered kids. Then on a Friday morning they were both gone practically in a ball of dust, Dad being eager to beat the weekend getaway traffic.

After seeing them off, Stephanie went into the kitchen to get something to drink, finding some iced tea in the fridge. She heard Greg enter the kitchen a moment later and heard him grumble a bit. She turned and saw he was looking at a freshly printed list of chores for the two of them to do that weekend.

Greg said, "Dad added a note: 'I will be checking on the completion of these items when I get back home. Have a fun weekend without us, but don't be complete couch potatoes.' Gee, thanks, Dad." Greg crumbled the paper.

Stephanie walked over, flattened the paper back out and, and scanned through the list. There were about a dozen tasks for Greg, the same number for her. She grimaced, some were gross, like cleaning the toilets, deep cleaning the pool filter, things like that. When she hatched her plan, she would ensure that Greg first agreed to take on most, if not all, of these tasks.

Suddenly Stephanie blushed. It struck her that she had been seriously ready to expose her naked breasts to her brother, and she'd been thinking about it it so much she was almost looking forward to it. It had become her mission. But could she really, really go through with it?

She glanced from the list to Greg. He was staring at her tits. She rolled her eyes.

Yes. Yes, she could.

LIQUID COURAGE

Yes, Stephanie still felt she could, but as the day wore on she began losing her nerve. She procrastinated through doing a few of the chores, but only the silliest, easiest ones, such as dusting the ceiling fans. If she moved forward with her plan, she wanted to reserve the more labor-intensive ones for Greg to agree to before he saw her fleshy mounds.

She knew she had to make a decision sooner rather than later. Greg had also immediately set out on his tasks, but his intent was to knock them out as quickly as humanly possible so that he could, in fact, become a couch potato as soon as possible. Stephanie knew that probably the only thing he was thinking about when he was not starting at his sister breasts was the XBox One waiting to be played.

They both paused for dinner, munching on leftovers and watching a little TV, not conversing much. As she finished up, Stephanie went to put her dishes in the sink, and she passed Dad's treasured wet bar on the way. A new twist to her scheme suddenly presented itself. She quickly dropped her dish in the sink, then ran back and plopped onto the couch, knowing full well that her large breasts would bounce heavily and sensually in the movement.

Sure enough, Greg's eyes immediately left the already forgotten show on the TV and looked at Stephanie. Or more specifically, at Stephanie's chest. She was wearing another thin v-neck t-shirt, and she had a bra underneath. She was also wearing little jean shorts, which, had Greg ever bothered to look, would display a pert round ass. But that didn't matter now because certainly there was no reason for her to get anything other than topless soon.

"Greg," she said, looking directly at him. "I have a crazy idea."

"And that is?" he asked, eyes glued to her mounds.

"Let's get drunk."

At this, Greg actually managed to break his gaze from his sister's tits and make eye contact. His eyes were wide in surprise. "Seriously?"

"Yes," Stephanie said. "Well, maybe not completely pass-out hammered, but I think we deserve to cut loose a little." She looked past his shoulder over toward the wet bar.

Greg turned his head to see what she was looking at, then turned back to her. "My god, you are serious!" He laughed. "But Dad would kill us."

"We're adults. Heck, I'm almost twenty."

"But in Dad's eyes, we're lightyears from twenty-one. He barely allowed me two sips of beer on my eighteenth birthday."

Stephanie leaned in a little, supporting herself on her arms, causing them to squish her boobs together a little. Greg gulped and struggled with eye-contact. 

She said, "Look, at this moment in time, you and I have clean records. We've never gotten into serious trouble, our grades have always been good. We're such fucking goodie-goodies that I can see you actually blushing because I just used the F-word."

He uttered a nervous chuckle.

Stephanie continued, "Anyway, Dad would have to find out first, wouldn't he? I mean, come on." She jumped up and let her tits bounce noticeably before him before turning and heading toward the bar. "Come here."

He quickly got up and went to the bar. She went behind it and he sat on a stool on the outside. She started looking at all the bottles. "We should probably stick to something that he has a good supply of. He'll definitely notice if we empty the final few sips of one of his fancy scotches, but here look." She grabbed a bottle of Skyy vodka that was already opened and three-quarters full. "We could do a few shots of this and Dad would never notice."

"We could probably drain it and Dad wouldn't notice," Greg said. To answer Stephanie's puzzled look, he added, "You know Dad, he only likes the good high-end stuff. I even heard him say 'shit like Skyy is for when the neighbors visit and want stupid Cosmopolitans or Lemon Drops.'"

Stephanie laughed openly, quite fully aware that her breasts moved and swayed nicely to her laughter. Greg of course definitely noticed this, too, but he also laughed as well.

She said, "You do a good impression of Dad. And you definitely are very observant of what he likes to drink. Okay, so we'll stick to the bottom shelf stuff." She added with a wink, "I mean, we're still teenagers, so I guess that's sort of what's expected of us, right?"

"Oh yeah," Greg said. "He's got that Chopin vodka there, too, which he has mentioned is damned expensive, but I know I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between the two, because he's never given me the chance!"

Stephanie smiled at her brother. "Okay, so we're really doing this. What do you want?"

Greg grimaced. "Oh god, I have no idea. I think I might just steal one of his beers out of the fridge."

"Boring!" Stephanie cried out. "We're going for the hard stuff. Tell you what, I'll make you a vodka with cranberry juice, on the rocks. You won't taste much alcohol in that."

"You really know your drinks," Greg said, "after only one year of college."

"It's college," Stephanie said with another wink. "To be honest, I only drank at one party, just a couple shots of nasty tequila. Go get some ice, please." When he was back she started mixing his beverage. "This will only be the second time I've drank in months. Here you go."

He leaned back. "No way, I'm not touching that until you have one too. For all I know you have a spy cam hidden somewhere, and you're trying to catch me in a sting!"

"You've seen way too many cop shows." She laughed and started making her own drink, a vodka tonic. She raised her glass. "To being bad sometimes!"

"Here here!" They clinked.

An hour later they were starting their third drink. Stephanie had a good buzz going, and she knew Greg wasn't feeling any pain either. This was where she wanted them to be. Liquid courage for both of them once she revealed her plan.

Greg was getting a little wobbly on the stool, so she suggested they head back to the den. He plopped on the couch, nearly spilling his drink, and she sat in Dad's recliner near him. It was now or never.

"Greg," she said quietly, twirling the ice in her glass. "I need to tell you something, and then I have a proposition, and I want you to keep an open mind and let me say what I have to say before you respond, okay?"

As usual, Greg had been pretty much focused on Stephanie's tits, but after hearing what she said he once again made good eye contact. He could tell she was serious, and he suddenly had a worried look on his face. It endeared him to her.

"Don't look so upset," she said. "I promise you that I am not mad at you. I am not upset. I am just concerned about a little something, and I want to just get it out there and find a way to move past it."

He stared at her, right in her eyes. "My god, Steph, what did I do?" He was genuinely nervous.

She realized she was only inadvertently building this up to something bigger than it was, so she took another gulp of her drink and dove in. "Greg...for a long time now you have developed...kind of a bad habit." She took another drink. "In fact, you're doing it now."

Greg blinked, and for what seemed like the first time he realized what he was doing. He had let his gaze drop back to her breasts. When he glanced up at her eyes again she nodded.

"Yes," she said softly. "That's it. I really, really would prefer that you stop openly staring at my chest. It is very awkward for me. And if you do this to other girls it will make them feel awkward too. It will make some feel objectified, and a few probably even angry."

Greg looked down again, but this time way down, into his own lap. Without looking he set his drink on the side table and put his hands to his face. In a muffled voice he said, "Oh god, Steph, I'm so sorry. I'm so, so sorry."

"Greg, it's-"

"No, no! I'm so embarrassed. I'm an idiot, please don't hate me."

It was clear from his tone that her brother was genuinely ashamed. Stephanie had wanted to send a clear message, but she did not want to make him feel like a complete pervert. She set her own drink down and moved next to him, putting her hand on his back. He winced at her touch at first, as if he was thinking of literally running away, but he settled down eventually. They sat for several minutes in silence. She thought he might have cried a little. One thing for sure is that he was no longer looking at her. Not just her breasts but her whole person. He was practically turning his body away from her.

"Greg, look at me."

"No way."

"Greg, seriously. Look at me."

Slowly he lifted his face from his hands and moved his head towards her. But it was almost silly; his eyes were closed.

"Greg, it's okay, I swear. Open your eyes."

He slowly cracked one eye open, then the other, both watery. But both focused squarely on her own eyes.

"See, I know you can do this. When you focus, you can do this."

He blinked slowly. "But I'm still an idiot. You think I'm a pervert."

"No," she said quickly. "I don't, I swear. It's not like that." She took one of his hands in hers, giving it a reassuring squeeze. "In fact, in an odd way, I'm rather flattered."

He gave a nervous giggle, "Really?"

"Yes, I mean...I'm fortunate to have a...full figure, and girls do like to be admired by guys."

"But I'm your brother."

"Yes, and that's part of it. A big part, obviously. But I also want to help you with this, because I care for you, and I want to help you to avoid awkward situations with other girls, girls you may want to date."

"How can you help me?" he asked, innocently.

"That leads us to my proposition," she said, reaching for her drink, then handing him his. They each took another sip, and she continued: "I think part of your issue is that you're curious of the unknown."

"Curious of the unknown?"

She nodded. "Let's just get blunt here. Boys like boobs. You definitely like boobs. And I've got big boobs. Huge ones."

"Enormous ones!" he blurted, then went beet-red.

Stephanie let herself laugh. "Exactly! Monster boobs! It's okay, that's what the booze is for, to just acknowledge the elephant in the room."

"You mean the two elephants in the-oh, that doesn't really make sense."

"But now you're getting the point. In this moment we are going to be open about my boobs and your obsession with them. So, you ready to hear my proposition?"

"Sure," he said, brining his glass to his lips.

"I'm going to let you see them."

Greg didn't quite pull off the cliche spit take, but he came damned close and managed to put his hand to his mouth as his sip of vodka cranberry nearly blasted into Stephanie's face.

Then there was understandably a long awkward moment of silence.

Stephanie broke it: "The idea came to me when we watched Naked and Afraid." She saw her brother's eyes start to get really wide, but she quickly added, "No, I'm not suggesting that the two of us get completely nude and start rummaging for food in the back yard. I mean, to just get it out of your system, to just get it over with, I am willing to let you look at my naked breasts."

He just stared at her.

"There are conditions," she said at last.

Greg sat back a little, completely ignoring his drink now. He said quietly, "Why would you do that?"

She swallowed, suddenly getting a little nervous. "Like in the show. We just get it over with. You get a good long look at my boobs, then the mystery is gone. You'll get it out of your system, and then moving forward I'll be able to walk in the same room as you, start a conversation, and know that my brother is talking to me, not to my tits."

He was clearly trying to process this, but something she had just said finally sank in, and he asked, still quietly, almost in a whisper, "What are the conditions?"

"Well," she said, her nervousness temporarily becoming masked by the more conniving twist to this scheme, "you need to make it worth my while."

"In what way?"

Stephanie suddenly realized she pretty much had her brother hooked. He was probably rationalizing that if there was even a one-percent chance of being able to look at his sister's naked breasts, he was willing to consider agreeing to just about any condition.

She tried not to grin.

She said, "That list of chores we have to complete before our parents get back...I want you to do my half as well as yours."

Greg appeared to contemplate this for a moment. He asked, "Fully exposed or in a bra?"

"Fully exposed."

"If I agree, how long?"

"How long what?"

"How long do I get to look at them?"

Stephanie hesitated. She knew she'd have to give him a "good long look," but she hadn't actually considered an exact timeframe. She began the more bizarre negotiation of her life.

"A full minute."

He laughed.

She blushed. "Well, how long were you thinking?"

He shrugged. "The weekend."

It was Stephanie's turn to almost do a spit take. "The weekend!? Are you insane?"

He shrugged gain, "I figured you could just go topless for the rest of the weekend while we do our chores. Sort of like how the two contestants went about their business after they got the awkwardness out of the way."

Needing a minute to think, and seeing that they had both just finished their drinks, Stephanie used this as an excuse to grab their glasses and take them to the bar. She emptied the ice from the glasses into the sink and called back to him, "No way."

Greg got up and moved back to the stool. When she looked at him she was pleasantly surprised that his gaze was squarely on her eyes. He was getting into this. His liquid courage was definitely kicking in.

He said, "If you want me to do every one of your chores, in addition to mine, I think I deserve more than just sixty seconds." He pointed to the bottle of vodka and she took the cue to start making fresh drinks. She didn't think they should be drinking any more, but keeping busy with her hands helped her think.

Greg started up again, "How about an hour per chore."

"An hour per?"

"Yeah," he said. He popped into the kitchen and came back with the list. "You had thirteen tasks to complete. How many have you done so far?"

She handed him his drink and glanced at the list. "Four," she said.

"Okay," he said, taking the list back. "So nine hours of you topless as I complete the rest of the tasks. So basically one topless day instead of the whole weekend."

"Greg, no fucking way."

He laughed and put a hand up. "Okay, okay. So then I'll still offer you an hour per chore. I do two chores, I get two hours. If you only think you can handle one hour, I only do one of your chores."

Stephanie shook her head and took a sip. "You're still thinking I'd even be willing to go topless for a full hour. That's out of the question."

"So then how long were you thinking you'd be willing to go?" He took his own sip, "Because it had better be a hell of a lot longer than one lousy minute!"

"God, Greg," she said, shaking her head again. "I guess I was thinking...maybe...I don't know, five minutes. Tops."

She could tell that he was disappointed, but at the same time she had just given him a very specific length of time during which he could stare at his own sister's naked boobs. He was definitely in Dreamland if he thought he'd get an hour, let alone nine, but five minutes would be a good enough time to memorize every detail of her breasts, every curve, each pert nipple, the size of her aureolas, even the barely visible little veins under her warm soft skin...

"Ah hell," he blurted. "I give in. I'll take the five minutes, but I'm only doing half of your remaining chores." He glanced at the list again. "So...say five chores, five maximum!"

She jumped on this, "But I get to choose which five!"

"Deal!"

They clinked glasses and Stephanie finally thought holy shit what have I just agreed to do!

EXPOSURE

Drinks in hand the siblings went into the den once more. Greg took his usual place back on the couch. Stephanie stood in front of the couch. She figured she would just whip off her shirt, unclasp her bra and stand there, probably close her eyes, and let him stare with wild abandon. But she needed something else first. She grabbed her iPhone off the coffee table and set a timer for five minutes. She would start the time and then take her shirt off. That would give her just a few extra seconds of modesty, and she doubted he'd complain once he was staring at her pink nipples.

She looked at her brother. Amazingly, and somewhat ironically, he was watching her eyes, not the part of her that she was about to expose. His gaze actually made her self-conscious, so she said, "You know, it's the last time, but for the next few minutes you're actually allowed to stare directly at my chest."

"I know," he said, his eyes not wavering from hers, "I will."

She let out a long breath. "Okay then, time for the show." She took another sip, a big sip, realizing she would have to set her drink down to take off her top. She started to do so, then stopped, realizing she had other conditions. "Wait, one ground rule."

His eyes narrowed. "Which is?"

She said, "No touching."

He blinked at her.

"Yes, exactly how that sounds. No touching me, and...no touching yourself."

He snorted into his glass. "I think I can handle that."

"Okay..." A bit more hesitation, a couple more sips.

"Steph," he said, "just get it over with."

"Yes," she replied. "You're right. Just get it over with." With that, she set down the glass, took another big breath, and reached for the bottom of her shirt. Now that she was committed, she made it quick. Off came the shirt, and when her shirt was momentarily covering her face heard her brother gasp in surprise, probably to this moment not expecting her to actually do it, and then she reached back and unclasped her bra. She was about to let it drop, but she suddenly realized she'd forgotten to start her timer!

With the clasp undone she held the bra cups up to her overflowing breasts and said, "Greg, please start my timer!"

"What? Oh!" He set his glass down and grabbed her iPhone. "Um...the phone is locked."

"Shit," she said realizing that although she wasn't fully exposed Greg was getting a good several extra seconds of his bra-clad sister. "It's four-four-five-five-six-six, quickly please."

"Got it." He opened her phone and got it going.

"Thank you." She hesitated again until he sat down, and she could see this time, finally, he was very clearly staring at her chest. "Here we go." She relaxed her ams and shucked out of her bra, letting it drop to her side.

Stephanie was now topless, naked, fully exposed from the waist up. Her brother drank it in. His mouth went slack and his eyes glazed over. Stephanie felt very weird about it, so she closed her eyes as she told herself she would. All she could do now was hold up her end of the bargain. Instinctively, she reached up and gave her breasts the briefest of squeezes as she always habitually did after removing a bra she'd worn all day. She caught herself and dropped her hands, but not before she heard almost a groan from Greg.

Jesus, she thought. I'm doing it. I'm letting my brother get it out of his system. Once and for all.

Seconds ticked by...how much longer, how much longer? She asked that out loud.

"You'll know when the timer goes off," Greg replied in a throaty tone.

With her eyes closed, and being so buzzed, Stephanie felt a bit wobbly, and when she sensed that she was perhaps leaning a bit too far in one direction she abruptly straightened herself. She heard another gasp from Greg and realized that her sudden movement had made her large breasts jiggle and sway.

And her arms were getting tired. She lowered them somewhat and rested her hands on her hips at first. Then she slowly reached back and let her hands clasp behind the small of her bare back. It occurred to her that this would have the effect of making her already large breasts thrust out just a little more and make quite the eyeful for her brother. She also realized that he was enjoying the gaze of not just her boobs, but her smooth flat tummy and slender shoulders as well. The image of her beauty and sensuality would be burned into his brain in these short minutes, and she hoped it would be enough to carry on like a normal brother and sister afterwards...

She felt wobbly again and decided to open her eyes. It was no surprise to her that her brother's gaze was squarely on her big bare breasts. She still felt self-conscious, but she was committed to her bargain. She only wished she knew how much time was left, surely just another minute or two, but she couldn't tell for sure because her brother had set her phone face-down on the coffee table.

Looking at brother, Stephanie regarded how intently he was staring at her. He was leaning forward, his eyes slightly squinted, as if she were a hundred yards away. He clearly wanted to take in every detail, every minuscule freckle, the color of her flesh, her nipples...her nipples...

Stephanie glanced down at her own breasts and found that her nipples were absolutely rock hard. She wished she could blame it on the cold, but the room was quite warm. She had to admit that her nipples were hard for purely sensual reasons. She was naked in front of her own brother, yes, but there was a slowly creeping thrill affecting her due to the fact that she was voluntarily exposing herself to a man who was openly gazing. It was a moment of pure exhibitionism and voyeurism. She didn't recall being intrigued by exhibitionism or voyeurism before, but now that she was engaging in it, she found that it was exciting. Perhaps even...a turn-on?

She squeezed her eyes shut for a moment, telling herself that she couldn't possibly get turned on. Not in front of her brother! She could fantasize later all she wanted about flashing her tits to other guys, and perhaps she could experiment with the idea during private moments of masturbation in bed or in the shower. But not here, in the den, with Greg!

She opened her eyes again, trying to remain calm, willing the countdown clock to go faster, but then something else sent her already rapid heart rate in to overdrive: Greg was adjusting himself! He was so enthralled with his sister's naked breasts that he must've formed tunnel vision, not even remotely realizing that she had her eyes open and was witnessing him reach to his jeans-covered crotch and adjust what was clearly a fully grown- 

"Oh my god," she screamed in her mind, "he's got a fucking boner!"

Now it was Stephanie's turn to stare directly at the private area of her brother. There was no denying the fact that he had a full erection. And Christ what a large bulge, Stephanie realized. What the hell was her brother packing down there, a baseball bat?

He adjusted himself again, and again, as the seconds ticked by. His jeans must be getting very tight, she pondered, because it was every few seconds he would adjust again. But then, and again there was no denying it, but then he kept his hands on his boner.

And he squeezed!

He was fucking squeezing his own cock over his jeans while he stared at his sister's tits. Stephanie opened her mouth to bark at him about the no-touching rule, but just as she was about to speak she felt a new sensation that left her speechless.

She was getting wet!

She was getting wet, and her vagina gave an involuntary twinge. Her pussy was lubricating itself for sex. She was now officially turned on. It was like she was losing control of her own body. And watching her brother gently massage his erection wasn't helping. She was drunk, he was drunk and this was getting way too weird, and she knew she had to say something. But before she could find the words he startled her by suddenly standing.

"Wh-what are you doing?" she stammered, resisting the urge to cover her breasts with her arms.

"May I get closer?"

"I...uh..."

"I promise to respect the rule: no touching. But you said nothing about getting a closer look."

She almost told him that he'd already sort of broken the rule by rubbing his cock over his pants. But in thinking about that image, she looked again at his crotch and saw his erection very clearly and largely pushing his pants outward. Whether he was aware of his clearly obvious arousal or not didn't seem to matter, he just wanted a closer look at her tits.

"Please," he pleaded, already stepping slowly around the coffee table and toward her. "I'm sure I only have about a minute or two left. I just want one last good look, and I promise it'll be out of my system."

"Fine," she said, figuring what the hell, that buzzer is going to sound any second now. Whether he stares at her from six feet away or two, what difference would it make?

Well, it made a huge difference, because as soon as she gave consent he practically warped the last few feet over to her and fell to his knees and got his face within inches-inches!-of her tits. For a split second Stephanie thought her brother was going to bury his face in her chest, so she flinched back a little. This only served to make her big boobs jiggle and sway as she re-steadied herself. Greg was practically drooling, and even moaning a little.

"Steph," he said horsely, "your breasts are absolutely the most beautiful, the most perfect, the most wonderful breasts on this planet. I swear."

Stephanie looked down at him. His voice had trembled as he said it. Yes, he was drunk and clearly turned on beyond belief, but she could clearly hear the sincerity in his voice. In almost a whisper, she said very lovingly, "Thank you, Greg."

She started to reach a hand up to run her fingers through his hair, but she caught herself in time and simply readjusted her hand back to her hip. What the hell was wrong with her? She almost lost herself in a sensual moment with her brother, and she was wet to the point that her panties were most certainly soaking. God, he was close enough to her that he might even be able to smell her arousal!

Whereas Stephanie was barely a couple of inches over five feet tall, her brother was very tall, six feet even. On his knees his face was pretty much level with her breasts, and he was so close now he could almost touch a nipple were he to simply dart out his tongue. The thought of a man licking or biting her nipples while she was in such a state of arousal caused Stephanie's pussy to clench up again, and again. Her body didn't care that a blood relative was in front of her. It was sensing a mature male body with a full erection, ready for intercourse, a male body with muscles and warmth and seed...

The iPhone started vibrating. The alarm.

Neither sibling moved. The vibrating continued. Stephanie knew that Greg wouldn't move or hardly even blink until she ordered him to. She had every right to reach for her shirt and cover right back up. But she hesitated. She gave her brother the bonus seconds he had probably been praying for. She admitted to herself that she was in an incredible state of euphoria, she was almost high, and she too wanted it to last for just a moment more.

But the longer she stood there looking down at her brother, the stronger was the urge to reach up, lace her fingers through the hair behind his head, and thrust his face the final couple of inches to her naked flesh. Christ, the urge was strong. She figured the urge was even stronger for him to just shoot forward, bury his face in her cleavage, perhaps even pull her down and rape her. The alcohol fueled teenage hormones were raging within both siblings to the point that should one of them be cut open the blood would be boiling hot.

In the softest, most sensitive tone she could muster, Stephanie said, "Greg."

No response. It was as if he was hypnotized.

"Greg, please...I'm sorry, but the time is up." The iPhone continued to vibrate. Stephanie did finally reach her hand up to him, but only to touch her fingers to his chin and gently move his gaze up to face her eyes. "The time is up."

He blinked at her, swallowed a couple of times, then nodded. He slowly stood, and as he did so he looked at her breasts again, and she let him. Another minute would not make any difference. She would let him watch her put her shirt back on. Well, she would actually let him watch her put her bra on first, to hide those still rock-hard nipples, then put her shirt on. As a final reward for his sticking to the rules-sort of-she would do all this facing him, rather than modestly turning her back to him.

She waited until he sat back down. First he stopped the iPhone's alarm. Then, as he sat, he winced, and it was clear that he was still very aroused, still very hard, and the confinement of his erection in his pants could not be very comfortable at all. And here she was, topless in front of him, keeping him in such a state. Not just that, she was giving her brother lots of bonus time to keep looking at her nudity, because she hadn't yet reached for her bra and shirt. There was a reason for that.

SHE was staring.

Stephanie slowly, far too slowly, came to the realization that she was now openly staring at her brother's bulge. She just couldn't believe how much it was tenting out her jeans. He must be hung like a horse, she thought. Then she squeezed her eyes shut, mentally chastising herself for contemplating the length and girth of her own brother's penis! She had to get a grip-

She let out a short clipped laugh.

Get a grip, no pun intended, she mused in her alcohol-addled brain. She had to regain control of her thoughts and urges and put this display to and end once and for all. Any second now he would realize that she had so far made no move to cover up after the five-minute limit, and he would probably look at her face to see what she was doing, and he would see-

"Steph?"

She blinked, "Hmm?"

"You're the...um, you're the one staring now."

"Oh?" She blinked again and pulled her eyes from his crotch to his face, only to see he was looking directly into her eyes now, and there was even the slightest of grins on his face.

"Nonsense," she said quickly, ridiculously in denial.

"Steph, please," her brother chided. "It's no worries. And I'm...well, sorry for my...physical reaction."

He made as if to adjust himself again, causing her to look down again. But he stopped himself. He actually looked down at his own crotch, realized that there was simply no way to disguise such a noticeable bulge, then dropped his arms to his sides and leaned back a little.

She managed to revert her eyes to his face again and said, "What are you doing?"

He gave her a puzzled look. "I'm doing nothing. Well, I'm still looking if you're still showing."

"What? Oh, god, yes!" She felt so stupid in that moment, blushing profusely, almost just remembering that she was still completely topless! But she just couldn't bring herself to reach for her bra or shirt. Oddly enough, she was hoping to keep him distracted by her exposed breasts, yet in the manner in which he had sat back, somewhat relaxed despite his arousal, he had regained a sense of composure.

Was he getting used to seeing her topless? Had her plan worked? Had he gotten it out of his system?

"Steph?" She heard his voice almost as a distant echo, the blood in her head was thumping her eardrums.

"Wh-what?" she said softly.

"Do...do you need to just get it over with now?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean," he glanced down at his own crotch, then back up to her again and gave a nervous laugh. "You're staring again."

She blushed even redder. "Well," she stammered, "well, it's just that I...I mean you are so..."

Her mouth went dry, and she swallowed. Dammit, she cursed herself, she just had to know.

"Greg, how big is it?"

It was his turn to blush again. "Excuse me?!"

"You heard me." It was as if someone else was speaking through her. Half of her mind was screaming inwardly that she was an absolute sick pervert to even ask such a question. But the other half of her mind could think of only one thing: her brother's cock.

"I don't...well, I don't really know," he said. "I've never actually taken a tape measure to it, if that's what you mean."

"Why are you still so hard?"

"Well, because you're still topless, and you're sexy. I'm sorry!"

"Don't be sorry," she whispered. "I'm actually flattered."

"Thank god," he said, relaxing a bit, and in that moment of ease he instinctively reached a hand up and adjusted himself. He stopped abruptly when he heard her gasp. "Sorry!"

"Don't be sorry," she repeated. "I'm the one who should apologize. You must be very uncomfortable."

"Well," he said, shrugging sheepishly. "If I have to admit, yes. But it'll go away."

They stared at each other for a number of silent moments.

"It's not going away," she said.

"I know," he groaned.

"Greg," she said, about to ask him something, but she stopped herself, closing her eyes.

"What?" he said.

Fuck it, she thought. Just get it over with.

"You can...you can take it out if you want."

She opened her eyes and saw him starting at her in disbelief, his mouth open.

"Are you asking me what I think you're asking?" he said.

She swallowed again and nodded. "Yes. You can take your pants off if you want."

"What about my underwear?"

"Y-yes, that too. You got to see me, now I get to see you."

"Really?"

She nodded.

Greg hesitated only for a second, giving his sister one last questioning look. It was a delicate moment. If he hesitates just a few seconds longer, she told herself, I'm going to run out of this room. But the moment passed quickly, and suddenly Greg was standing and unbuttoning his jeans. He quickly unzipped, then grabbed both his pants and underwear and pulled them down at the same time. When he straightened it was Stephanie's turn to open her mouth and gasp with wonder.

His cock was fucking huge.

Steph had only been with a couple of lovers in her young life, and the size of their penises were different but more or less "average" from what she figured. But her brother put them to shame. His penis was long, very long, with a slight curve, and it was thick, lord help her it was thick, long and thick and just absolutely perfect. Where Nature had gifted her with enormous breasts, Nature had in turn bestowed upon her brother a penis that would most certainly please many women throughout his life.

Then it twitched, and Stephanie practically fainted.

"Sorry," he mumbled, feeling a bit awkward, just standing there, naked from the waist down, his jeans and boxers in a puddle at his ankles.

"Greg, don't apologize for anything. You absolutely don't need to apologize for anything, just let me look."

It made for a very unusual but certainly erotic scene: a topless sister facing off with her bottomless brother, both giving each other an eyeful. Stephanie had to resist the urge to lick her lips when she saw Greg's cock twitch and bob again, causing a small amount of glistening precum to ever so slowly ooze from the tip.

It was Stephanie's turn to enter into a lust-crazed trance. Her mind raced with the thought of what it would be like to take the biggest cock she had ever seen in her life into her tight inexperienced vagina. Greg's penis was easily three or four inches longer than either of her former lovers. She envisioned herself squatting over her brother and impaling herself, or bending over the couch and feeling him shove that monster into her dripping pussy from behind...

But I can't! she screamed in her mind. I can't think of such things with my brother! Jesus, what are we doing? How did she let the situation get this far? She had to do something to defuse the situation before she went insane with her incestuous thoughts.

Clearly Greg's erection wasn't going to just subside on its own, not with her standing here, topless. But she still didn't want to put her shirt on. Her mind battled within itself, torn between lustful curiosity and proper reason. The solution she was about the propose seemed to come out of her mouth before her rational brain realized it.

"Greg, you may relieve yourself if you want."

He just stared at her. She nodded toward his long erection, then looked into his eyes and nodded again.

"Take care of it."

In a whisper he said, "Are you serious?"

"Yes," she whispered back. "But hurry or I'll change my mind."

He didn't need to be encouraged a third time. Like the horny teenager he was, Greg reached up a hand and grasped his penis, giving it a squeeze. They both gasped. Greg looked down at his own dick, then back up to his sister. Then he locked in on her breasts.

And started stroking.

Slowly...slowly at first. He didn't seem to be in any hurry to climax, though by the sound of his breathing and the ferocity of his erection, his body wanted to climax as soon as it could. Stephanie couldn't bring herself to believe that this was a real moment. She was really here, watching her own brother masturbate. She watched with detached fascination, and studied every detail about how Greg self-pleasured himself. He was left-handed, so naturally he was using his left hand. He had a good grip on his dick, but there was enough length that plenty of the tip and upper part of the shaft still stuck out, and there was a good bit of shaft exposed at the base two, just above his hairy testicles.

His testicles!

Oh god, Stephanie swooned inwardly, his balls are amazing too! They hung down just perfectly in the warm room. They were quite sizable, and they appeared full of semen to the point of bursting. She could only imagine the mess he would make once he finally blew. Unless by chance he had masturbated at some point before this whole adventure began, he would probably have quite a bit built up. Now she was curious to know just how much he could shoot out. How far would it travel?

His pumping sped up, just a little. He allowed himself a groan, then caught himself and looked Stephanie in the face. She caught his expression and nodded reassuringly.

"It's okay," she said. "I asked you to do it. Don't hold back on my account."

"God, Steph," he groaned again, momentarily closing his eyes. "Thank you, thank you so much! This feels so good." He grinned with foolish delight and pleasure as he stroked himself. "I thought my balls were going to explode inwardly."

"We don't want that," she said lightly, then added with a smirk, "Outwardly would be much better."

He looked at her again, not just at her breasts, all of her. She could feel him drinking her in, and she was giving him plenty to visually drink: literally the only clothing she was wearing were her little denim ultra-short short shorts over a pair of tiny thong panties. Her smooth legs and feet were bare. Her soft long hair was pushed back behind her, so he had full 100% sight of her massive breasts.

She knew he was openly lusting her now. She was purely a sexual object to him, and her intimate nudity was helping bring him to orgasm. Stephanie was now a visual stimulant, whose purpose was now to serve as an instrument of human sexuality. She felt a thrill of excitement. And her pussy started convulsing again.

There was no denying it: she wanted to have an orgasm too. She would stay here just long enough to watch her brother cum. She wanted to see him ejaculate, she wanted that image burned into her brain and fresh on her mind, and she would race up to her room and finger herself to her own intense climax.

"Oh god, Steph, yes!" Greg grunted.

She was startled, and by the way he had grunted out that exclamation, she thought his orgasm might be eminent. He was still stroking his shaft quite steadily, but what he was remarking on, and what Stephanie hadn't even realized she was doing, was the fact that at some point in her lustful haze she had reached up and had started massaging her ample breasts.

And it felt good.

Surprised at herself, Stephanie almost dropped her hands, but for the benefit of both her and her brother she kept them there, and she squeezed and massaged some more. She pushed them together, pushed them up, let them drop back down with a jiggle, all to Greg's delight and her own sensual pleasure. She ran her fingers over her hard nipples and felt bolts of electricity shoot straight from her breasts to her pussy.

Her pussy was soaked. And it ached for direct stimulation.

God, she wanted to just slide her fingers own her shorts in the worst way. Incredibly, Greg seemed to read her mind.

"It's okay," he said, paraphrasing her from a few moments ago. "Don't hold back on my account."

Stephanie bit her lip and paused in her self-massage. She said flatly, "Greg, what are we doing?"

"Just getting it out of our system," he replied, his own voice vibrating in time to his stroking. "We...we can blame in on the booze later."

She narrowed her eyes at him but made no move to stop what they were doing. She resumed her self-massaging.

He managed a grin, and suddenly, for what felt like the first time, Stephanie found her brother to be incredibly attractive. Glancing down at his enormous dick, with it's fat swollen purple head glistening with copious amounts of pre-ejaculate, she also realized why Greg always seemed to carry himself with a sense of what she would describe as "quiet confidence." He'd gained this confidence over the last couple of years. Clearly it coincided with puberty. His dick had probably grown in size and length substantially, and now, at just 18 years of age, Greg had a cock that would make male porn stars jealous of it and any female salivate for it. Any female.

Including her.

Stephanie swallowed, finding her mouth suddenly going dry despite almost simultaneously drooling at the sight of her brother masturbating. She wanted him. She wanted her own brother. She wanted him inside her. She felt as ashamed as she did turned on. She tried to tell herself she was just losing herself in the moment, seeing Greg not as her brother but as a virile man with a solid penis that she could use for pure pleasure. Just as he was gazing at her naked breasts for a visual stimulant, she was doing the same with his cock. Well, almost the same... 

"Fuck it," she murmured aloud, and she dropped one hand to the top button of her tiny shorts. She popped it open and saw Greg's eyes go wide.

"Holy shit," he exclaimed as she unzipped shorts about halfway. This gave her just enough access to slide a few of her slender fingers inside them. As she felt her own smooth skin, she wondered if it would shock her brother if she were to reveal the fact that there pussy was shaved baby-bald smooth...

No, she told herself. I have to set a limit. If I take my shorts off, I might lose control all together and let my own brother have me. We both just need to cum, she reasoned with herself. He's going to climax any minute, and hopefully me too, and then we'll calm down and come to our senses. It would be difficult, but she had to reinforce a key rule.

She approached Greg, and he paused in his stroking, watching in wonder as she kept one hand on her breast, the other just inside her shorts.

"Remember the rule," she said. "No touching."

He swallowed, still frozen, because she kept getting closer. "Okay..."

"Back up a little," she said. He obeyed, stepping back until he was stopped by the couch up against his calves. She got directly in front of him then sat on the coffee table. She opened her knees a little, dug deeper into her shorts with one hand, then leaned back a little on the other. Her amble breasts moved slightly as her weight shifted, but they were still perky and perfectly round, almost defying gravity. Then Stephanie started playing with herself. When she saw Greg still wasn't moving, she glanced down at his dick, then back at him, and nodded.

"Keep doing it."

He didn't need to be told twice. Now at point blank range Greg started pumping his fist up and down on his hard dick with a new fury. As if to keep in time with him, Stephanie started fingering herself with equal intensity. Now that she was going the distance with him, something compelled her to try and achieve her climax at the same time. The last remaining semblance of rational thought was that whomever came first would probably start feeling awkward first, and that person might flee the room before the other could finish, and that would be so unfair...

She was close, she had no trouble stimulating her sopping wet pussy and completely engorged clitoris. Normally she needed her vibrator if she wanted to cum quickly, but she could already feel the warmth and tell-tale "pulsing" sensation she knew only too well that a big orgasm, a major one, was about to engulf her. And she was getting off with her own brother!

She looked at him. His eyes were narrowed to mere slits; he was resisting the urge to close them in his obvious throes of pleasure, but that would mean no longer seeing his hot topless sister who was masturbating right in front of him. Through her own haze of lust Stephanie smiled, admiring the honest wonder and attraction her brother had for her. And she could no longer deny that she was highly attracted to him too. She let her gaze drop back down to his midsection, and she wondered yet again at the sheer length and thickness of her brother's perfect cock. Were she to take over his stroking she didn't think she'd be able to close her fingers around it. It just looked absolutely menacing yet beautiful is it was being pumped toward a huge climax.

Stephanie now wanted to memorize as much of him, just as he was trying to do the same with her. Greg was still wearing a t-shirt, but he had lifted it up a little with his free hand so it wouldn't interfere with his masturbation. She could only see the lower part of his abdomen, but it was enough for her to tell that not only was his tummy nice and flat, like hers, it was even somewhat chiseled. My god, she thought, my brother not only has a huge cock, he's got a rockin' body to compliment it!

Just below Greg's perfect penis was a sizable set of testicles. She licked her lips as she saw them dangle and sway, clearly heavy with semen, as her brother jerked off. She noted that the pubic hair on his balls and round the base of his shaft was neatly trimmed and blended up nicely with his "happy trail" that lead to his belly button. And supporting this gorgeous body was a pair of legs that were clearly toned and muscular.

"Greg, you're so hot," Stephanie felt herself utter, and she added a groan as her pending orgasm built up.

"Oh, Steph...you too!" he grunted, quickening his stroking pace. "I've always thought you were so hot. So...beautiful!"

"Thank you, baby" she said, as if to a lover.

"You have such a perfect body, Steph," he said through clenched teeth. "Such. A. Perfect. Body!"

"Then take it in, baby," she cooed. "Watch my tits, watch me play with myself. Stroke your cock and get yourself off for me." She looked at him for a quick nervous moment, wondering if she let her dirty talk start getting too graphic, but she could tell he liked it, because his eyes widened in amazement, and he started grinning.

"Oh, I'll get myself off for you, Steph. I'm so close to cumming now. I'm gonna fucking explode."

"Me too," she cried. "I'm almost there. Cum for me, Greg," she begged. "Cum for me and I'll cum for you."

"Oh, Steph," he said, and he quickened his stroking to the point where she saw his fist only as a blur. His breathing became erratic and he started moaning constantly.

Stephanie stared directly at her brother's cock now, determined to have her eyes glued to it when he came, which she knew would instantly trigger her own orgasm. As Greg jacked his hand on his cock at lightning speed a steady stream of clear pre-cum was drooling from his tip, and the erratic motion of his pumping caused a glob of it to fly out and hit the inside of Stephanie's naked thigh, just below the hem of her short-shorts. She had to resist the urge to reach down and scoop it up and put it in her mouth. She let her gaze break from his cock to look at the dot of clear liquid on her thigh. Why was it turning her on so much to see just that little glob?

"Fuck," she said aloud.

Greg went with it, "Oh fuck, yeah, fuck. So fucking good. So close now, Steph!"

But her exclamation was because she was suddenly realizing in that moment that she wanted nothing more than for him to cum all over her. She was desperate for it. This was probably why it hadn't occurred to her to tell him to grab a towel or shirt or something to ejaculate into, otherwise it would make a big mess. But she wanted that mess.

All over her.

"Greg," she said, practically panting, almost out of breath. "I'm close, too."

"Oh god," he sputtered, "I can't believe you're gonna cum with me!"

"I am, baby," she said, liking the affectionate smile he made every time she called him "baby."

"You're making your own sister cum for you," she said. "And I'm watching my own brother jerk himself off to his own orgasm."

"Yessss..."

"But I want you to do one thing for me," she said, "and quickly, because I'm seriously about to cum, baby!"

"What?" he asked desperately. "Anything! Ask me to do anything!"

"I want you to cum on me," she cried out. "Just step forward and blow your load all over my tits!"

"Oh god! Yes, Steph, I'll do it! I'll so fucking do it!" He shuffled forward, continuing to pump his fist furiously on his dick. "I'm going to fucking cum on your tits."

"Do it, baby!"

"I am," he cried out. "Right now!"

"Yes," she panted. "Please, baby, shoot it on me!"

"Oh god, Steph! Stephanieeeeeee!"

Greg jerked and grunted and the rhythm of his stroking became suddenly quicker, then erratic and clumsy. Stephanie knew instinctively that this was the moment, the very second, when she was going to witness her brother, her own brother, climax in front of her. On her.

And he did! In a flash Greg stopped his fierce pumping and just gripped his shaft hard and low where it met his balls. He more or less pointed it toward Stephanie's chest, just a few inches away, but when his first blast of semen erupted from him the pressure was so great it overshot Stephanie's heaving tits completely and spattered partially on her right cheek and partially on her parted lips and even into her mouth!

Stephanie yelped in spurprise and closed her mouth in reflex, immediately tasting his salty warm spunk on her tongue. She managed to fight the urge to also close her eyes with the fear that his next shot should shoot into one or both of them, but the second volley of thick white cum spattered almost perfectly right up the valley between her breasts, instantly making what appeared to be a small white creek between her mounds.

"Oh Jesus, Steph!" Greg cried out, continuing to climax.

Still more cum shot out of Greg's cock, big thick ropes, one after the other, hardly losing pressure. Stephanie felt the wet warmth of his semen absolutely drenching both of her breasts, even a nipple; she felt it running along her neck and below her chin. She still tasted him in her mouth. It wasn't much since she had closed her mouth and he had bettered his aim, but what little there was she swallowed-

-and felt her own orgasm absolutely explode.

She screamed full volume in the throes of the most powerful self-induced orgasm she had ever given herself. "Ahh! Oh my fucking god, Greg, ohhh!" Her fingers continued to fly back and forth across her swollen clit. She was digging a couple of fingers into her vagina, too. Part her of orgasm-adled mind realized that she was probably exposing quite a good portion of the top of her shaved pussy, perhaps even her labia, but Greg now had his eyes closed and his head back as he jerked and pumped the final squirts of sperm out of his body.

As his own massive orgasm began to subside, he could no longer manage the pressure of the first few blasts, and the final smaller squirts of cum dropped down and coated Stephanie's tummy.

Stephanie didn't want to take her eyes off of Greg's beautiful still-hard cock, but she finally let herself close her eyes as her intense clitoral climax continued to overwhelm her senses. It just felt so fucking good.

"So fucking good," she groaned aloud.

"Oh yes, Steph," Greg panted. "Oh god yes."

Then a new sensation suddenly made Stephanie quickly open her eyes and look down at herself. She saw that, in his attempts to get as much of his ejaculate on Stephanie as possible, he had shuffled right up against the coffee table, his shins touching it. He was also leaning forward, so his upper body-his cock and balls-were now directly above Stephanie's midsection. And as Greg's orgasmic spasms had begun to subside, the last few strings of his semen hadn't shot out so much as they oozed down, dripping on her.

The new sensation was a final good sized glob of his seed dripping almost directly onto Stephanie's exposed pussy. Had her hand not been covering her pussy lips as she masturbated, his cum probably would have drooled directly between her labia, over her stiff little clitty...

The thought brought Stephanie over the edge again. She renewed the frenzy on her clit, let her head drop back again, and let the sensation of another powerful orgasm wash over her.

"Jesus, Greg!" She shouted. "I'm cumming so hard again, baby! Again! So hard!"

She panted and mewled like a naughty little girl. She practically drooled it was so powerful. She just couldn't believe it. But here she was, practically gagging and losing control of her own body, yet she somehow continued to support herself on her one arm while she used the other to stimulate her clit and pussy. This second orgasm lasted so long she started to feel her brother's cum cool and pool as it ran down her body. She still felt his stickiness on her cheek, on her lips...

Slowly, slowly Stephanie began to slow the movements of her fingers. She sensed that she had pushed her short-shorts down so much that were she to remove her hand Greg would have a clear view of her pussy. She lifted her had and opened her eyes to check on him, certain that he'd have his eyes glued to her cum-covered tits, the primary objects of his desire.

She blinked in brief confusion when she did not, in fact, see him standing over her. She lowered her gaze and discovered that he had finally sat back on the couch. He was sitting upright, and his pants were still down around his ankles. She could see his softening cock, still gloriously thick and long, and balls hanging down over the edge of the cushion. And yeah, he was staring at her all right.

But not at her tits.

He had been watching her masturbate with open wonder. He was still staring at that region, even though she had finally stopped moving her fingers. She had a brief moment of embarrassment, since what she had been doing is something considered so private, so intimate, that one really didn't do that in front of someone else, let alone a blood-related sibling! But the awkward feeling quickly subsided with the wider realization of how much the rest of her was exposed, and at how very, very much it was covered in semen.

She looked down at her tits and tummy. "Holy shit!" she exclaimed.

Greg's body jerked slightly, as if he'd just been jolted out of a trance. He looked up at her, then to her body. They both stared in open wonder at just how much cum he had produced.

"Jesus, Greg," she said, still trying to catch her breath. "Do you usually shoot this much?"

"Well," he said sheepishly. "I usually cum a lot, yes, but I would have to call this a record."

"A fucking world record!" Stephanie cried out. "You absolutely drenched me!"

He suddenly grinned proudly. "You said I could cum on you."

She laughed and sat up a bit straighter. Her supporting arm had gotten sore. She felt great globs of Greg's cooling semen start running down her body, dripping onto the coffee table.

"Baby, get me a towel or something," she requested.

Greg gave that new little smile he always did since she had started calling him "baby." He glanced around for a "towel" before quickly realizing that the closest and most convenient "towel" was his t-shirt. He stood, whipped it off and handed it to her.

"Thank you," Stephanie said, reaching out to take it. But her hand paused on the towel. She was catching the sight of her almost completely nude brother. Only his feet, which were covered by his pants and underwear, was out of her gaze.

She enjoyed the sight with a renewed appreciation for her young brother's physique. She had of course seen her brother shirtless countless times, and she knew he had a very nicely toned chest and stomach. But this was the first time she was able to admire how his chiseled lower abdomen blended naturally with his muscular upper thighs and groin. He had a bit of a shine to his skin; he had started sweating quite a bit as he had madly pumped himself to an orgasm. His penis was mostly flaccid now, but still so, so long, so thick and just motherfucking gorgeous.

"Uh, Steph?"

She blinked. It and giggled slightly. It had been her turn to get snapped out of a trance. She took the shirt and started mopping at her chest. As she did so she unconsciously licked her lips, and the renewed taste of her brother's cum tingled on her tongue. She glanced quickly up at him, wondering if he saw what she had just done. But his gaze was back on her chest again, mesmerized at the sight of her wiping his sticky sperm off of her naked flesh. He made no move to cover himself up.

She liked that.

There was so much to mop up. She needed both hands. After a slight hesitation, she took her masturbating hand from her pussy and pulled her shorts up a little, but not before Greg got a good look at the top of his sister's vagina. He now knew that she kept it shaved smooth.

After a few more minutes, and having had to turn his shirt inside out to be able to continue absorbing all the semen, Stephanie thought she had gotten most of it. She nodded satisfactorily as she looked over her body. Greg gestured with a finger, pointing toward her face. For a moment Stephanie was puzzled, then she remembered there was still a sizable glob on her right cheek.

"Oh, thanks," she said. She reached up and wiped it off with her fingers. For a split second she was insanely tempted to suck his cum off her fingers, but she knew Greg would absolutely pass out if he saw her do that so she wiped her fingers off on his shirt. She dangled it gingerly out toward him. He took it then did something that surprised him.

He finally stepped out of the pants and underwear around his feet. When she saw his toes Stephanie silently noted that was now looking at her brother 100% nude for the first time. He took his cum-soaked shirt, dropped it onto his pants, then sort of cocooned the sticky wet t-shirt with them. Satisfied that no part of his stained shirt would touch anything else, he set it aside, then dropped, still quite naked, onto the couch. He let out a long sigh and then just sat there, grinning stupidly at Stephanie.

She grinned back. Then they both laughed, hard, finally acknowledging the utter absurdity of their drunken erotic experience.

Wiping a tear from her eye, Stephanie said, "Greg, why are you now totally naked?"

He shrugged. "Well, it got really hot in this room as we built up to-well, you know-and I figured you've already seen the goods." He gestured his crotch, which got Stephanie to look down on it, which she didn't mind doing one bit. "And," he continued, "I'm still drunk and just figured I would like this moment to last as long as possible."

Stephanie realized she couldn't help but agree as evidenced by the fact that she, too, had not bothered to cover up after their shared orgasms. She stood, and it pleased her to know that her brother was once again openly admiring her big naked breasts. It also dawned on her that she hadn't bothered to redo the tiny little zip and single button of her little shorts. The fly was open, and the thin fabric of her skimpy panties-which were now completely soaked-could be seen peeking out underneath.

Yes, she was still quite drunk, too. And, incredibly, still fucking horny as hell. She looked down at her brother. She considered something. It only took a moment for her to admit something to herself.

She would let her brother fuck her if he wanted to.

She would let him. Because she wanted it. It was a profound realization that had struck her just a little while ago, and she was surprised with how comfortable she felt about admitting over and over in her head: I want him.

"Greg," she said quietly.

"Yes?"

"I'm sorry, but I need to take a shower. You got me very sticky, not to mention sweaty."

He looked a little disappointed, because the moment she walked away, this shared erotic experience would be over.

"Okay," he said in a sigh.

She smiled at him, took one more long look at her brother's cock, then turned to make her way to the stairs. She knew he was watching her as she walked away. She knew he was enjoying her naked back and round short-covered bottom. When she was about halfway up the stairs she stopped.

It took her only another moment to make another decision. She had already admitted to herself that she wanted him. Now she realized it was only a matter of time. She couldn't help but smile when she concluded what her inner voice was telling her:

Just get it over with.

"Greg?"

"Yes?"

"Care to join me?"

As she continued up the stairs she heard the sound of bare feet running quickly toward her, and she smiled...

TO BE CONTINUED