
Life in the Harem
by Sir Semega
Copyright© 2008 by Sir Semega

Show Story Details
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
﻿

    Cast:

    Calista: Lead character

    Master: Master and owner

    Sir Jon: Master's longtime friend

    Lady Martha: Master's first wife

    Lucinda: a very ambitious slave who takes an interest in Calista

    Jacinta: Paired off with Calista, she too is a house slave

    Mildred: Mother hen to the slaves, she is the eldest house slave

    Jasmine: Arab slave girl who took over for Calista as greeter

    Clara: den-mother to the harem slaves

    Petra and Paulina, Roxanne, Quan-Yi, Gretchen and Barbie: harem slaves

    Darabi: Another slave trader

BEGINNING

Master must have come into money. He didn't strike me as a person born to the blue. He certainly was graceful and eloquent, but there was a certain polish lacking when it came to protocol.

On very rare occasions Master's oldest friend would come by to visit. Sir Jon had known Master longer than anyone else, and was the person whom Master had complete trust in. Sir Jon, however, gave us a glimpse as to what Master was before he had acquired his wealth. Sir Jon was working class, grease and grime always under his fingernails, no hope of ever coming clean. On these rare occasions, when Sir Jon visited, Master always allowed him to take his pick of us for his entertainment.

The estate was remote, surrounded by forest and no other houses within view. Every visitor that arrived either came in by small plane, landing on the dirt runway, or had traveled for a very longtime by car. I have no idea how I arrived here, but my first task after indoctrination was as a greeter for visitors.

I was not allowed in the main house, as that was a privilege I would have to earn, rather I was placed in the outdoor kennels, my clothes replaced with collar and body harness. The harness did nothing to hide my exposed breasts or cunt. My job was to greet all visitors as they arrived, recite the welcome chant prostate at the door of the plane or car, "Welcome Sirs and Madams, this unworthy slave greets you most humbly to Duquette Estate. Please allow this wretch to escort you to the main house and to make arrangements for your luggage."

I am not proud to say that I would listen to their conversations as I went through my tasks, eager to glean any information outside my realm of knowledge. Any news of the real world, about the environment I was now in, anything at all. Before I knew better, I was able to gather that the Estate that I now served in was so far away from help, that there was no chance of escape if I was able to leave. I also found out that my Master was not a man to be trifled with, he had become very influential and powerful, so large a presence that my being couldn't help but shrink in the importance of his stature.

I soon learned that eavesdropping on guests conversations was something I should not concern myself with. It was in fact escorting Sir Jon and his guest up to the main house that Lucinda, one of the house slaves, discovered me listening intently to their conversation, and it was confirmed, as Sir Jon made a particular funny joke, of which I snickered, that changed Lucinda's welcoming smile to our guests, to one of harshness as she excused herself from Sir Jon and his guest, marched directly to me and instructed me to report to my kennel. She did this in a subtle way that didn't alert our guests that there was a problem.

My stomach churned, and I went clammy as I curtsied and turned heel, heading back to my kennel. Lucinda resumed her duties escorting Sir Jon and his guest in the main house, of which I had not been granted the privilege of entering, and now wondered if I ever would be allowed.

There is a pecking order here among the slaves. Kennel slaves are lowest, housed in the outside kennels, they are usually the newest slaves, purchased or by other arrangements such as blackmail, agreed contracts, or other means, both legal and illegal. They live housed in a cell block, with collar and leather body harness only. Kennel slaves are trained and either sold and moved to other owners, or if they are very lucky, they are kept by Master.

It is very rare for Master to keep a new slave and he never visits the kennel. At some point in time, Master stopped training kennel slaves and passed that assignment over to his house slaves. During my entire time spent as a kennel slave, I only saw my Master while greeting him as he arrived back to his estate.

Becoming a house slave is something all kennel slaves dream about, it is their entire ambition to earn the right to wear clothes, and be able to enter the Main house. Because of this right of passage, all house slaves strictly maintain discipline of kennel slaves. They become the trainers and punishers, policing the kennel slaves and issue training strictly within the lines of protocol Master has laid out. They take a particular kind of glee in issuing training and punishment, remembering their own trials and toils shivering in the kennels, being the lowest of all slaves and taking brutal hidden punishment from all others. Some vindictively torture the kennel slaves, forcing the new slaves to go through the same rite of fire that they themselves had to endure.

House slaves have the responsibility of recommending kennel slaves for promotion. They take that responsibility very seriously. Master at this point cannot be bothered with something as trivial as weeding out the new trainees. There are only a very small number of openings for house slaves, as house slaves can outlive their purpose, be promoted, or can be sold to a guest that takes a particular liking to them. The house slaves are very guarded as to whom they recommend for promotion. The kennel slave must be not only completely trained, but obedient, pleasant, liked by all others, and trustworthy. If a kennel slave is promoted and fails as a house slave, in whatever way Master sees fit, the house slave and the ones who recommend promotion are removed from the house. Most are sold off to live lives of unspeakable cruelty, some are killed, but one has been kept within the estate, to be served as a lesson to all slaves of the consequences of failure.

She is kept in a small cabin on the far end of the estate. Every new slave on their first day is brought to that cabin to be shown what happens with failure. Upon each promotion, they are again shown this miserable wretch, as a reinforced reminder of what failure can bring. She has no name. Some whisper that she was Master's second wife one time, long ago. She is more a receptacle now than a slave, her arms and legs atrophied from the steel cage box she is forced into. She is inflicted with electrical shocks on a minute by minute basis; the pain long ago forced her mind into mush. Estate hands, gardeners, workers, have full use of her orifices and her body within the cage as they beat, shit, piss and fuck her till they are spent. A sign at the door reads: "This is what happens with failure. Its failure was poor judgment. Enter with cruelty in mind. Take it out on the failure inside."

This... "thing's" ... punishment was to serve out its days as a reminder that with a modicum of power comes responsibility. This lesson remains firmly entrenched within each slave here on the Duquette Estate, making recommendations few and far between.

I didn't have to wait for Lucinda long. She came to my cage and opened the door, grabbing my hair; she dragged me out and down the corridor to the punishment room. Once inside, she strapped me to a whipping post, and once secured, grabbed me by the jaw, twisting my head around to stare directly into my tearing eyes. The olive skinned Mediterranean woman was exotic looking, big eyes, very curvy and tall. She looked glamorous, but hard. Her face was set, her body a steel spring. She exuded resolve. I was afraid.

"Slave," she said sternly, I had not earned the right of a name or number yet.

"Do you know why you are here?"

I nodded, and tried to cast my eyes downward. She reaffixed her grip on me, yanking my face upward to meet hers, as she towered over me.

"You are to never listen in on conversations. Unless someone is addressing you, talk is NOT to be heard."

"Yes, mistress," I chocked back some tears.

"It's very simple slave, you have one task, and you should be concentrating on doing that one simple task only."

"Yes, mistress," I replied.

"Do not concern yourself with things beyond your purview, you little bitch! You know the consequences of failure?"

I nodded and shuddered, remembering the cabin.

"Focus on your task at hand, and only that, and maybe, if you're lucky, you will survive."

She smiled, and I let my guard down for a moment, hoping that the lesson was concluded. Her face turned and she brought down across my face a blow from a crop, where she produced it from, I do not know, but the sting knocked me off balance, as I yelped in pain.

"Now, my pet, a little reinforcement is in order so that you learn your place. Take this lesson well, you now have been logged, if you fail again, you will live to regret the rest of your miserable life!"

She thrashed me for what seemed like days. Passing out, I was quickly revived with a splash of cold water from a bucket. I begged her to stop, that I had learned my lesson. She did not. No one punishing her had been lenient. They had shown her no mercy. The connection to failure for the punisher was just as frightening as for the slave who failed. It was a vicious cycle that Master had devised, making others accountable for the actions of all slaves that kept the estate autonomous. Every slave was well aware of not only their own status for failure, but also the actions of others who failed, if they were in part responsible. That meant swift correction by higher slaves to lesser slaves when an infraction occurred.

When Lucinda finally tired, I caught my breath between sobs, grateful for the end of the punishment. I slumped on the post, still secured there, my body in fiery pain as she had spared no part of it with her whipping. She pushed the buzzer that sat beside the door. A silent ring went off somewhere outside my world. For me, all I knew was pain, and fear, and gratefulness that the instrument of pain had stopped. Minutes later, a stable hand walked in, sweaty and grimy, he had a thick leather apron on. He grunted as Lucinda pointed towards the bundle of exposed nerve endings that was my body. He was holding something. It glowed red.

Lucinda walked up to me, followed by the stable hand, she grabbed my hair and pulled my face up to view her. "You knew the rules, slave," she spat. "From day one, we have been training you, yet you disobeyed one of the rules. Listening to a conversation from your superiors is something that does not concern you. For that, you have been corrected. You have been logged. But we have a little something more for you..."

She moved out of my view and I focused for the first time on the red hot brand, the stable hand, held in his blacksmithing hand. It took me a moment to realize what it was, and what it would do to my already tender aching flesh. Burning a brand into my flesh, searing it into my nerves, permanently marking me, I gargled in fear, spittle choking me. I tried to plead. No words would come out. I tried to shake my head no, Lucinda held my face firm. I tried to move away from the approaching brand, the whipping post held me tight. I was at the mercy of them, helpless to move, helpless to protest, my body shaking in a deep rooted fear that petrified me to my very core. Spots appeared around my vision, and then enclosed and I blacked out, only to be slapped awake. The brand approached closer.

"That is the letter F," she said.

Failure. Branded a failure. Oh my god!

My body slumped, I awaited my brand, nothing I could do or say would help. I was a slave. Owned. To be done with as my Master pleased.

Finally at the very last moment, only inches from my chest, the stable hand pulled the brand away. Smiled, and left the room.

Confused, I looked up at Lucinda, tears in my eyes, unsure as to what was happening.

She patted my head, and looked sternly at me. "That was your only reprieve, slave. Learn this lesson well."

I leaned into her leg, grateful for the compassion she had shown me. Right now, I realized that there was nothing in the world except her; it was she who had the power of life and death over me, the power of pleasure and pain over me. I sobbed as she stroked my hair.

"You have so far shown promise, slave. Beside this infraction, you have taken to your training well. You have been noticed by the other house slaves," she said.

I looked up into my world, this was the first I was aware that others were judging me with an eye to the future. Could it be that I would have a future? Up till now, I had lived for the moment, my past a mystery, unsure that a future could even be possible. But now? I had promise!

She smiled, this time a genuine smile with warmth. "We do not like to mark slaves with promise for their first infraction. Ones that are moved through here, do not get that option, they have to learn quickly and brutally that rules are meant to be obeyed, first time, every time."

I nodded. I had seen the miserable wretches, of all color and class, come through the kennels. Some stayed for a few days, others a week or two. They were kept isolated, only a trainer with them and no general grounds tasks to do. Within the kennels, sobbing and crying and wailing were heard almost all the time, either from despair, pain, or suffering. Master had purposely made the walls thin so that the effect of these cry's were felt and heard among all kennel slaves. It was a constant reminder of our status, and that we could be in far worse shape. At that moment, I felt very lucky that I had stayed a kennel slave for so long. I had seen the others that moved out quickly, and their bodies and minds had been crushed and broken. I could only surmise that wherever they went after this place, it would be to a far worse environment than here, destined to live life in a cellar, or chained to a brothel bed, or work some mine a mile underground, never to see the light of day.

I wrapped what I could of my bound body around my world, Lucinda's leg, sobbing with gratitude, "I'm sorry mistress! I have learned my lesson, mistress! I will not fail again, mistress!" I repeated over and over again. She stroked me, mewing sweet nothings into my ear.

"There, there, little one," she whispered, consoling me. Then subtly she shifted her body around so that my face was in front of her crotch. Raising her latex skirt, as she continued to console me, she gently but with purpose, guided my tongue into her pussy. I lapped at her, with a gentle vigor. She continued to whisper to me words of kindness, of instruction, of confidence. I strained to reach her, still strapped to the whipping post, she held me at the precise position that she deemed fit.

Controlling me.

Directing me.

Slowing me down when I rushed.

Giving me guidance.

It was my first act of intimacy since I had arrived. My pain hummed in the background, a low constant buzz, as the warmness from my loins started to overwhelm my pain.

Lucinda took her time, getting exactly what she wanted, exactly when she wanted it. Over and over we repeated this until I was dizzy with exhaustion, pain, tightness and lust. My pussy growled with anticipation as I lapped away at her rosebud. Finally she was done. She stepped back. I tried to reach her, but the whipping post held firm. My eyes glazed over, my world had shrunk from the world, to the estate, to this room, to Lucinda, to now Lucinda's pussy. Nothing else existed. She smiled.

"That was adequate, little one," she said. She lowered her latex skirt, checked herself in the mirror.

I waited.

A glimmer of hope within me wondered if she would return the favor and quench my thirst for orgasm. I had been on the edge for sometime now and was desperate to finish. She must have noticed the look in my face, the one of frustrated anticipation, as she smiled in the mirror, her eyes now focused on me, her back still to me, "I don't think it would be appropriate that I reward you for your failure, no?" My stomach churned, a pit formed inside me. The mere mention of the word failure now had a strong affect on my physical being. I fought back the nausea, the buzzing between my thighs quickly died down. I shook my head and dropped my eyes. "No mistress. You are of course, right." How dare I presume to be allowed that special gift after I had committed a transgression? I chastised myself in my mind.

She turned, faced me and came towards me. Dropping down on her knees she now was the same height as me. She looked me dead in the eyes, "I don't have to remind you that that gift has not been allowed for you ... yet." She trailed off. I nodded. "Don't be stupid and try to take care of yourself, when no one is looking," she warned me. It was a threat of tremendous magnitude. The estate had cameras, workers, and other slaves, everyone watching out for everyone else. There was never privacy. No where could anyone be sure that they were alone and unwatched. You're at first paranoid, but soon we slaves accepted it as a fact of life. We do not have anything, rights, things or privacy. Lucinda's warning reminded me that even tucked away in my kennel, in the middle of the night, that touching myself there would not be worth the punishment for discovery. I had been spared one infraction; I would never have another chance for mercy.

I nodded again, "yes mistress, I understand." And I did understand, completely.

I renewed my resolve to become the best slave that I could be. Gone were the eavesdropping, the wondering about the world outside, what the main house looked like inside. I replaced all of those questions with my own will power to blank out everything except the task set before me. In many ways, it was very liberating. I killed my old self, and a new rebirth occurred. I had no more worries, no more questions. Everything was out of my hands now. I had no control or responsibilities other than doing the task that I was trained for. To become the best slave, I emptied my mind, focused on my world and enjoyed the freedom of no worries, and just being.

I no longer saw Lucinda. I do not know what happened to her. It was out of my scope, so I worried not about it. The beatings and torments still occurred, there were many nights when I was roused from my sleep, dragged from the floor of my cell, and forced to provide pleasure for house slaves. No men were permitted to despoil kennel slaves, if they ever rose to a rank where they would be for Master's pleasure, he would not have accepted a slave that had already been "used" by the help.

I focused on obeying, doing what was asked of me, even if it meant suffering at the hands of some perverted frustrated house slave, I paid my dues, and over time the frequency of these rites of passage lessoned. There were other kennel slaves, fresher meat that needed molding, training, and discipline.

TRAINING MY REPLACEMENT

One morning I was informed when I was awoken by a house slave, that I would be training a new kennel slave in my duties. Nodding, I went about training the new kennel slave, a small mousy Arab girl, the duties that I performed. I had been given permission to "correct" her within the normal limits. She was scared, and looked tired. Her hair matted and dirty, scabs along her arms, the bugs had feasted on her in her cell. My first task was to clean her up. She would not be presentable as a greeter in her current state.

She shivered as I washed her, working away at tough stains of dirt, encrusted in the cracks and crevices of her body. She tried to engage me in conversation. In hushed whispers, she asked me for my name. She almost blurted out her name. I shushed her, roughly placing my hand over her mouth. "We do not have names, we have not earned that right," I said.

She was silent for a moment, and then tried to ask me where I was from before I came here. She was terrified, confused, disoriented. She was looking for someone, or something to settle her mind, to anchor her back to her past.

I stopped the water. Grabbed her by her wet hair, and pulled her to a ring mounted on the side of the wall. I quickly clipped her collar to the wall with a padlock, locked her there, facing the wall, naked and dripping wet. She stood a little under five feet, about a half a foot smaller than I.

"Slave," I hissed into her ear. "Learn this lesson well! There is no past, there is no name, there is no future. You exist here and now, and that is what counts. I learned the hard way that thinking beyond my means equals FAILURE!"

I pulled out a whip that hung on the wall near the ring, these little punishment rings and whipping instruments were placed all over the estate for quick correction. Any higher slave had the right to use it on a lower slave for correction. The little Arab girl tested her locked collar. Her face was pressed closely to the wall, her back and ass exposed to me. It was quite effective, as I placed the key out of her reach.

"You do remember what Failure means," I said, reminding her of the first days visit to that cabin. That lesson continued to imprint heavily on every slave, old or new.

She shuddered, "yes," she gasped.

WHACK! I struck her back with the whip.

"Yes, what?" I pressed.

"Yes ... mistress." She sobbed.

I smiled. This was my first time punishing a slave. Memories of my torments flooded my mind, as I whipped her good and hard. My frustration finally found an outlet, and for the first of many times, I finally understood how the house slaves could be so cruel to me with their punishments and torments.

"Learn this lesson well!" I screamed. "Unlike me, you will not be logged for this incident as a failure. You are still new, and logging a failure for you will reflect badly on me as well."

I continued whipping her all over her body; her private parts were not spared as I continued.

"You are very lucky to get a warning, slut! Most slaves do not get one and are marked for failure. You will survive this, but after that it's up to you to be the best slave you can be."

I passed the whip to my other hand and continued whipping the sobbing mast of flesh in front of me. She twisted her body as best she could to avoid the blows, but tethered as she was, she was no match to my pent up frustrated rage.

"Failure," I continued, "means your worthless life as you know it now will be filled with the pain you are feeling right now, for the rest of your miserable life, be it short or long! Your mind will turn to mush before the very end! You will not know what no pain is, as you will never stop feeling the pain inflicted on your worthless body and mind. You do not own your body, mind or soul anymore. The sooner you get that through your thick skull, the better you will be able to serve. Only very, very, VERY, lucky slaves are allowed a minor failure. Master does not tolerate failure!"

Both my arms were rubbery from the lashing I had given her. I smacked her one last time, this time aimed right on her pussy. She wailed one last time, choking on her tears.

"Count this as a correction, and be sure you do not fail, slave." I warned her ominously.

I hung the whip up and sat down on the floor to rest. She stood there, rooted to the ring on the wall, sobbing and panting. She tried to rub her sore body, but could only reach a few parts of her backside. She kept muttering in whispered pants, "Yes, mistress, sorry mistress, thank you, mistress." I regained some strength and pulled myself up and unlocked her from the wall and proceeded to dress her wounds and clean her up. I fitted her with a leather cross body harness, and pulled out of the washroom and back to the training.

PROMOTION

The next morning, a house slave awakened me and commanded me to come with her. I was informed that my little Arab girl trainee was now ready to do the tasks I had trained her to do on her own. I followed the house slave past the main house to a small building set in the wooded area. She knocked three times, and then opened the door and brought me in. I was guided to a large room on the main floor and placed in front of a table where sat five house slaves. I was allowed to stand at attention, head back, chest thrust out, arms glued to my sides, and my legs spread open in front of them.

"Slave," said the one in the middle. "You are here, because an opening for a new house slave has become available, and we are to decide whether you will be appropriate for the position."

I tried to hide any hint of excitement and joy.

Another one asked, "Do you wish to become a house slave?"

"I am a slave," I replied. "It is not up to me to wish or decide. I will simply do as I am told."

They smiled. After a few moments, the house slave on the end, a dark woman, held up and read from a piece of paper. "I have here, a recommendation, from Slave Lucinda." She dropped the paper down and stared at me. "She speaks quite highly of you."

"Yes, mistress," I replied keeping my head up and looking at nothing.

"We all have been keeping a close eye on you since you were logged by Slave Lucinda." She continued. "Some of us had our doubts about you, but we think that since then you have proved your worth."

"Yes, mistress," I replied.

"Besides," she continued, since we have the recommendation in writing from Lucinda, then she will be most responsible for your failure ... should it come about." She smiled.

The others did as well. Lucinda had gone out on a limb for me. If not for that, the others would most certainly have not given my potential promotion any chance.

The house slave on the other end, a fat older woman, past her prime, had a gentle gleam in her eye. "We all are responsible for her, promoting her will not be on Lucinda's head only. Are you comfortable with that Slave Shirley?"

The others were quiet as they waited for Shirley to decide. They were taking a chance with me, just like they took a chance on anyone that they would use to fill the position. Shirley seemed to be the dissenter amongst the group, but at that moment, I also recognized that her words held sway with the others.

After a minute of quite, Shirley nodded. "I am comfortable with this choice, Slave Mildred."

"Vote," said Mildred, the old fat one on the end. "All in favor?"

They all raised their hands.

"Settled then," Mildred said. She smiled and picked up a file folder with papers and photos in it. "Now to business. Slave, you have been promoted to house slave. No longer will you live in the kennels. You have earned the right to an outfit, and more importantly to a name. We are known as the house council, and we decide what to name one of ours. From now on you have the right to the name Calista." She paused.

I nodded, "Yes, mistress. Thank you, mistress."

Mildred smiled.

"All house slaves before you are your highers. You will answer to them. All house slaves that come after you will be your lowers. They and the kennel slaves will answer to you. You are responsible for correcting anything that comes to your attention. You have new duties and tasks, new protocols to learn. You will be trained. All house slaves have earned the right of their names, however they are still nothing but slaves. Honor them by addressing them with their full title: Slave Calista. Is that clear?"

"Yes, mistress," I said.

"You have a new stature now. You are not required to call any house slave by mistress anymore. That title belongs to our superiors, the Harem slaves."

Harem slaves? There was another group? Just how many people, sorry slaves were on this estate, I thought to myself.

"Yes, Slave Mildred," I corrected myself.

"Good," said Mildred. The others began to rise to leave. "Slave Jacinta, the one who brought you here will be responsible for your training. She will dress you, and instruct you on what is expected of you. We feel confident that you desire to do nothing but serve and become the best slave you can be. That means doing what is asked of you, the first time, every time. I trust we understand each other?"

She looked me directly in the eyes. I met her gaze, nodded and said, "Yes Slave Mildred, loud and clear."

Her eyes were cloudy with age, how long had she been here, how long had she been a slave? She was like the wise old den mother, the madam, and she seemed to take pride in her role. They all had taken a chance on me, and I vowed that they would not regret it as Slave Jacinta led me to her new quarters, to be trained in my new life, in my new world.

The entrance to the main house was not to come for another two weeks. The building where the council had taken place was also the training quarters and housing for the house slaves. I was led upstairs to the top floor attic and was shown a small Spartan room with a mattress on the floor.

A small wardrobe was the only other piece of furniture in the room. Jacinta was Latin, but seemed to have more native Indian in her than Spanish. Her face was pushed flat, and her course features made her no real beauty. Her black hair was straight and proper. Her eyes were spread wide apart and gave her an expression of simpleness. What she lacked in facial features, she more than made up for it with her body. She had perfect curves for a Latin woman in all the right places, her ass had that Latin bubble butt, and her breasts were more than ample. As I looked at her, I couldn't guess her age, she could be as young as eighteen or as old as thirty five.

She opened the wardrobe and pulled out the latex wet dream of a French maids outfit, handed it to me and bent over to pull the six inch black patent heels out as well. Heels. It had been a long time since wearing heels, and I was never really too surefooted with them. Never before had I worn heels this high.

"You have two of these outfits," Jacinta said. "This way, you can always have a clean one on hand if you become dirty or ... spoiled."

I blushed and nodded imagining that cum would be more of an issue than dirt would be for these outfits.

"It is your job to make sure that they remain clean. If anyone notices you in disarray, that will be a failure." She paused. I tightened as well. We both knew what failure meant.

Jacinta continued. "If you need help or are unsure as to what to do, you may always ask another house slave for advice or help. We all are here to help each other." She looked around, then leaned in and whispered, "Some of use are not as helpful as we should be, so be careful!"

She straightened up and continued. I took heed of her warning well. Unlike the kennels, the house slaves had a little bit of power, and with that power came an arrogance of abuse. I had already witnessed a pecking order amongst them. Slaves like Mildred had languished in the position of house slave for almost all their lives. Watching others apparently getting promoted to higher positions. Politics. High school. All the same.

Jacinta smiled as she saw me register what she had just clued me in on. She then stroked my hair. "Your blonde hair is so pretty," she said as she pulled me to her. "Your lips, so full! You are very pretty." I smiled, allowed her to embrace me. I moved my hips over her leg and ground my crotch onto her stocking leg. She pulled away like I had hit her.

"No, no, no," she admonished me. "You are not allowed that yet."

I blinked, then sighed.

Jacinta pulled me to her again. "We have very explicit instructions for you," she whispered. "Normally, at this point, house slaves are allowed orgasm. It is as much for the trainer as it is for the trainee." She pouted her lips.

"But it was instructed by Master himself that you are not to be allowed an orgasm."

She shook her head at me, a tear welled up in her eye as she could empathize with the frustration I had so far gone through.

"It is very rare for Master to be involved with a house slave. I have heard of this happening before, and normally that means that Master has something special planned for a slave. Whether that is good, or bad, I cannot say. Rumors tell of one that Master sold to a very mean Mistress, who locked their slave up in a chastity belt, and didn't allow her one orgasm for the rest of her life."

I shuddered when I heard this. As it was, I could not remember the last orgasm I had, and I certainly had not been allowed one since becoming a slave.

Jacinta smiled, stroking my face, still in her embrace, she softly said, "Please, Slave Calista, take my warning. Master does not wish you to orgasm. If you cannot control yourself, tell us, we will help you to stay away from failure."

I shuddered again at the sound of that word, and nodded.

"Now," she squealed. "It's time for you to get dressed!"

For two weeks I was trained. Jacinta worked me hard and long. Others helped in my progress as well. All protocols were instilled in my head. I would be in the main house soon. I would be in the presence of guests, harem slaves, and my Master. I was coached on every situation that might crop up. It was fairly easy, if anything happened, all I would have to do is what I was instructed to do. Being the lowest of stature, anything anyone told me to do, I would do. Protocol was what Jacinta and the others worked with me on, how far down a curtsey should go, how the table should be set, how to clean a room, dust, mop, wash, fold laundry. How to great guests, how to pack and unpack guests and Masters luggage. Everything a chambermaid was expected to do, I was trained to do.

LUCINDA

Two days before my training finished, a commotion occurred downstairs. Everyone rushed to see what had happened. In the main room, where the council had met to decide my fate, stood Slave Lucinda, the slave who had taught me my lesson so long ago. She held a leash attached to another girls collar and was yanking it viciously. Lucinda was Italian, olive skinned, dark hair, classic features. She was model beautiful. Tall, strong, and lean. She wore dark red lipstick and painted nails. She had an air of authority over the other girl, who unlike Lucinda's French maids uniform, wore a smart sexy outfit, transparent, slutty, and modern. This girl had a steel collar locked around her, just like the rest of us. She was a red head, pale skin, skinny, with freckles. She had one hand wrapped around the collar between it and her neck, to ease the pain of Lucinda's jerking of the leash.

"This slut here," Lucinda said, above the din of excitement. The others hushed up, "was a harem slave." So that was one of them! I thought.

"Her Master," Lucinda continued, "has grown tired of her and has demoted her back to house slave."

There was a loud murmur as all the house slaves muttered to each other. The harem slave looked around the room, surrounded by house slaves. Her eyes were large like a hunted rabbit. Fear was in the air.

"She has been replaced..." Lucinda said. "By me!" and with that she grabbed at the harem slaves dress and tore it way from her. The harem slave shrieked. The other house slaves lunged towards her and stripped her viciously. She gasped and tried to fend them off, but was soon wrestled to the floor, where she was stripped, scratched and beaten. She howled in pain and fury, as she was kicked to the corner of the room. Slave Shirley now had a hold of the harem slaves leash, wrapped the leash twice around her hand and "heeled' her next to herself. The look of glee in Shirley's eyes, made me feel very sad for the poor harem slave. In my short time in the household, I discovered that it was wise to steer clear of Shirley. She was the most vindictive and cruel of all the house slaves, and all others tended to fear her.

All eyes turned back to Lucinda, who now ceremoniously ordered the house slaves to gently remove her house slave uniform. They were only too happy to join in with the promotion of one of their own ranks to the treasured status of Harem slave. For a moment, in all her regal glory, Lucinda caught my eye. It was the first time I had seen her in ages. She smiled with recognition and a sly grin followed that. There was something she knew that no one else did, and she wasn't going to share it.

Once her uniform was removed, a new outfit was produced. It was a red spandex mini dress, that hugged all her curves. Partially see through, she truly exuded sex now.

"Mistress Lucinda," said Mildred, the old fat house slave. She bowed and all the others followed her lead. "I bid congratulations to you." She came forward and kissed Mistress Lucinda's offered hand. The others lined up and followed. When it came to my turn, Mistress Lucinda stopped me from leaving.

"Welcome Slave Calista," she said warmly. "I trust you are doing well with your training?"

I nodded. "Yes, Mistress Lucinda. I have you to thank for this opportunity. I will never forget it."

She smiled that knowing grin again. "I will hold you to that," she said, then waved me away. Soon afterwards, she left for the main house, and never returned.

That evening, Shirley took it upon herself to show the former harem slave what her new status was. The shrieks and wails coming from Shirley's room made me thankful that Shirley had never focused her "attention" on me. The next morning I saw that the former harem slave, now seemed almost glued to Shirley's right leg. On all fours, she followed Shirley around the house, with Shirley's hand firmly wrapping up the slack from the leash. She was still naked, and had horrible purple welts all along her body. She never uttered a word, looked to Shirley for everything, and had a traumatized fear set deep into her green eyes.

Later that day, a man came to the house and grabbed Shirley and the former harem slave, leashing both of them together. He grabbed the chain, and roughly dragged them out of the house. That was the only time I saw Shirley, as strong as she was, as dominant as she was, as cruel as she was, in total and absolute fear for her entire being. The two of them never came back.

THE MAIN HOUSE

The time had come for me to join the main house. My training complete, I was eager to finally see the inside of the large beautiful French manor house. Jacinta was paired with me, and led me to the servant's entrance around the side of the house. We came in through the kitchens, where the small kitchen staff was preparing breakfast. Mildred, as it turned out, was the head chef, she was busy ordering the other house slaves in her kitchen to finish the meals. The others scurried around, busily getting together plates and dishes, and the cooked foods ready for serving. Jacinta and I waited off to the side of the gleaming stainless steel and bleach white kitchen, out of the way, until Mildred did one final inspection of the breakfast plates. Satisfied that they were up to her standards, she beckoned us to take them away for serving.

I followed Jacinta with a large tray of dishes of my own as we climbed the stairs up to the main floor. The alcove at the top of the stairs opened up to a large formal dining room. A spotless black and white checkered marble floor supported a large, long solid oak dining table that had room for at least twenty guests. Jacinta set her tray down on an equally large oak buffet along the wall, and I followed suit. She pointed out to me where the settings should go, and we quickly finished setting everything out as a few guests wandered into the dining room. Without a word, we backed up against the wall, and stood perfectly still.

I was a bit nervous, and wondered if my outfit was straight. I fought the urge to try to adjust myself, not wishing to draw any attention to myself. As the guests seated themselves, Master strolled in and took a seat at the head of the large table.

Dressed in a dark silk robe, Master stood at six foot, average to muscular build, dirty blond hair and blue eyes. His rounded face was smooth and ageless. He could easily be twenty-seven, but I suspected he was closer to forty. He commanded the entire room with his presence. So this was my Master, I thought to myself. I was both scared and anxious of his notice. He had a boyish cuteness about himself, and although I was trained to not follow my superior's conversations, I did notice that he had a very jovial effect on his guests, as they ate.

One of the guests beckoned me with his hand. I swallowed and strode towards his left side, as I had been trained. It was Sir Jon, and he was eager for some more coffee. The coffee pot sat in the middle of the table, easily within his reach, however, when there are slaves around, even the smallest task, can be relegated to them. I nodded and reached towards the coffee pot, my body bending at the waist, and my black latex maids' skirt, already too short, rode high up my bare exposed ass, my garters and stocking tops revealed for all the guests to see.

His hand, large and rough with calluses, quickly pawed my cheek, as I stifled a yelp and tried to concentrate on grabbing the heavy coffee pot and pour more coffee for Sir Jon, without spilling and without moving my body away from his touch. A glace from the corner of my eye, revealed, that Sir Jon, had continued his animated conversation with Master and the rest of the guests, without paying me any attention, other than idly kneading my ass. A warm vibration buzzed within my loin as this man's touch rode over me and the idea that I was indeed an object, to be used without mind or worry settled in. I focused on finishing my task, and then placed the coffee pot back to its spot. Now what?

For a moment, I panicked within myself, unsure if I should remain, bent over the dining room table, with Sir Jon's hand stroking my ass, or straighten up, and excuse myself back to my station. The humiliation of being an object, exposed for the guests, as they ignored me, got me excited. I remembered my training, and stayed where I was. I was to do what I was told, or instructed, nothing else.

I waited in my position for a few more moments, when Sir Jon, released his hand from my ass, and dismissed me back to my position with a pulling motion. A bit flushed, I backed up to my position, and tried to compose myself. After their breakfast, Jacinta and I cleared the table, and quickly carried our laden trays back down to the kitchen. I then followed Jacinta upstairs, this time taking the second flight off to the side of the dining room alcove and traveled up to the second floor. Presented with a hallway, rightly appointed in red carpet and what I could only guess where antiques. Jacinta, knocked quietly on the first door, waited a moment then entered. I followed to discover that these rooms were the guest quarters, and our next task was going about making up the room.

This room was empty, and looked to be occupied by one of the women who had dinned downstairs for breakfast, as the vanity was filled with various bottles of makeup, perfume, and creams. We changed the sheets, bundling the dirty ones in a pile near the door, and pulling out fresh ones from the linen closet. Master seemed to run a hotel out of his main house, and with that the services that are expected from a fine hotel, plus a few extra services!

The next room we entered, I was startled to find a man and a woman still in bed. The older silver haired man beckoned us to come in and do our cleaning duties while he continued to pay attention to his guest. She was a dark skinned woman, stretched out on the bed, face down. The covers and blankets had been pulled off the bed and lay in a heap at the foot of the bed. I went over to take them, and crouching down to gather them up, I discovered that the dark skinned girl on the bed, was actually shackled to the four corner posts of the wrought iron bed frame. She was panting, moaning even. Her face inches from mine, as I caught a glimpse into her eyes, her face lying on its side. The eyes were dull, exhausted, in pain. I imagined for a moment that she had mouthed the words "Help me", but just then, the old grey haired man, slammed his hand down upon her, and her face scrunched up into a withered out moan.


Home | Sir Semega's Page|   Mail |   Bottom
Life in the Harem
by Sir Semega
Copyright© 2008 by Sir Semega

Show Story Details
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
Continuation...

"There, there," he softly caressed her. Her eyes rolled back into her skull, as the tender damaged skin was being manipulated by the man.

"We've taken all night playing, just to warm you up." He continued. Then hit her again. A deep moan emanated from within her, yet it never reached her mouth.

"We still have all weekend, for the main course!"

Oh my god! I thought. She had been like this all night, and it was only the prelude to his handiwork. I quickly pulled the sheets and covers up and took them to the pile near the door. Jacinta worked quickly, straightening up as best she could, all while this man, continued to strike the bound stretched out dark skinned girl on the bed. Her moans had turned guttural, animal.

I concentrated on the other side of the room, and came across a folding case. It was like a fishing tackle box, only this one was spread wide open with large stainless steel medical type instruments.

"You can leave that as it is," the voice startled me, as I pulled my hand away from it like from a hot fire. I turned around, saw him fully for the first time, and nodded in obedience. He had a gentle face, almost grandfatherly. He sat in stark contrast to the dark skinned woman stretched to the limit in her bounds on the bed. His posture was of one with all the time and patience of the world, contrasted by the prostrate dark skinned girl, exhausted, and anxious to get the unpleasantness over and done with. He stared humming a tune as he picked up a new instrument of torture. Adjusting it, he then proceeded to insert it into her rectum. The dark skinned girl tensed and strained at her bonds. A small whimper exited her pert mouth, along with a line of droll that added to the pool on the sheet under her head. We quickly finished up and left for the next room.

A NEW BOSS

That evening, the vacuum of power left by Shirley's departure, began to right itself as Jacinta and I were accosted by Slave Stella, a red-headed house maid with a teen aged spoiled bitchy face. "Bitches!" she screamed at us, grabbing hold of both of our hair. "Get the fuck in here!" Dragging us into the main room, she dropped both of us down in a pile on the floor. She towered over us, still in her patent pumps and maids uniform, she threatened in her most intimidating voice, "Now that Shirley is gone, I'm in charge!"

Jacinta nodded, I was a little slow, not comprehending what she meant.

WHACK! WHACK!

She slapped me across my face. Both my cheeks burned. I was dumbfounded.

"Seeing as you're new here," she explained. "Let me make this clear."

She bent down and grabbed a fist full of my hair and yanked my head around, twisting it evilly until I stared right into her cold brown eyes.

"I'm in charge when Master isn't around. Alpha slave here." She spat in my face.

"You do what I say, when I say bitch, or else you'll wish you've never been born! Got that?" she was inches away from my face.

I nodded.

"What?" she prompted, tugging further on my hair.

"Yes, Slave Stella!" I gasped.

WHACK! WHACK!

She slapped me again. "Bitch! It's Mistress to you! Now do you UNDERSTAND?"

"Yyy ... eesssss!" I managed to stutter out.

She smiled, well her mouth smiled, the rest of her face remained cold, and impassioned. The look scared me. From somewhere I know not, she pulled out a leash; quickly clipping it onto my collar she tugged me out of the room, up the stairs and into her room.

Slamming the door, she threw me to the ground.

"Oh yes, my little pretty! You may be special, but there's been plenty of you before. We can't let you think just because you've been flagged, that you are more than a worthless, pigslut whore of shit slave. You are no fucking better than me!" She screamed.

What was she talking about? Flagged? I knew I had been logged for my one discretion, but I was sure she was talking about that.

She pulled out a large wooden paddle from her wardrobe, a look of joy in her face appeared as she ordered me to assume punishment position.

I was shaking as I knelt in the center of the room, prostrated myself, my ass in the air, my arms stretched out before my head, my face pressed to the floor.

There was no warm up. There was no warning. There was no word from her, just a horrendous crack from the wooden paddle. Wooden bat would be more appropriate as I howled in agony from the first blow. A second crack issued from the paddle, my other cheek was now aflame in pins and needs of pain. Ten blows later, I was bawling like a baby, trying to catch my breath as tears and snot emptied out of my face from everywhere.

"Look at you now, little slut!" she paused as she grabbed a hold of my leash again and dragged me towards her bed. Sitting on the edge, she drew me in so that my face was pressed up against her crotch. She had lifted her miniskirt to reveal her bare pussy. Already the lips were parted, her juices were flowing from the beating and excitement of power.

"Let's see how high and mighty you are after I'm through with you, shit!"

She brought the paddle down hard on my ass again. I screamed, by was cut short by her yanking the leash and pulling my face into her pussy.

"Lick it, skank! When Master isn't here, I own your ass! You do what I say, when I say! Lick it, and you better get me to come in the next two minutes or else I'll skin your ass!"

She brought the paddle crashing down on me again. The pain was unbearable, yet the fear of missing the imposed time limit was incentive enough for me to focus on my mistress's task. I licked for all that I was worth. I tried to block out the pain, but the percussion of the beating kept me off balance with my lick and sucking.

Mistress started to stiffen, her regularity with the blows from the paddle decreased. Her pungent orange aroma became toxic as it filled the room, filled my lungs and filled hers. She dropped the paddle mid swing, locked her legs around my head and groaned. Now I only wondered if I had gotten her off in time. I continued licking, gently now, afraid to stop as mistress had not told me to stop.

"Nice work, piss drinker," she said, regaining her composure, She grabbed the paddle and landed another blow on my ass. I wailed into her pussy, still trying to lick it, hopeful for some reprieve. "Now as to not be called a liar, I have a surprise for you!" I wondered what she meant for a moment, until I felt the trickle of fluid coming from her. A stream of piss came out of her as she mashed my mouth over her pussy and proceeded to give me my first drink of her piss. Strong and acidic, I managed to gulp down all of the fluid from my mistress. She sighed for a moment, then pushed me away. I looked up at her, my face a wet mess, makeup running, waiting for her next command. I tested my feeling in my ass cheeks by shifting my weight onto it. That was a mistake as I winced in pain and rolled onto my calves instead for support.

She stood up, stared down at me and smiled. "Now bitch, undress your mistress!" I quickly stood up and went to her.

"This will be your duty from now on, my little cunt. Every night, you will present yourself to your mistress and beg her to have the pleasure to undress me."

"Yes, mistress," I said as I went to take off her outfit. She slapped my hand away. Confused, I stopped and looked at her. She wheeled around and slapped me again in my face.

"Cunt! What is your task?" she demanded. She slapped me again.

"To present myself to my mistress every evening and beg her for the pleasure to undress her." I repeated.

"Well?" she prodded.

I got the hint, knelt before her and said, "Please mistress Stella, may this slave..."

"Unworthy cunt of a slave!" She clarified.

"May this unworthy cunt of a slave," I corrected myself, "have the pleasure of undressing mistress Stella?"

"I think," she added, "since you love this paddle so much, that you should beg to be paddled before I would even consider granting the privilege of undressing me, don't you think so, cunt?"

I swallowed. The paddle was so far one of the worst punishments I had taken, and I was not eager to experience it again. Yet now mistress was demanding that I beg for it every evening before I would be able to go about my task of undressing her.

"Well, cunt?" she said as she smacked the paddle down on my raw ass again.

I hesitated.

"Oh, I know what torture you are going through, slave. Remember this lesson well, cunt!"

I gritted my teeth, "Please mistress, please paddle me before..."

WHACK! Another blow from the paddle. "Me?" she prompted.

I started again, begging for the worst pain I had received, begging for more, begging to have it every night, begging for something I dreaded already, and wished to never experience ever again. But I was a slave, what I wanted had no matter on anything anymore.

"Please mistress, please paddle this unworthy cunt of a slave before this unworthy cunt of a slave begs you to allow her to undr..."

WHACK! "Her?" she interrupted.

"Please mistress, please paddle this unworthy cunt of a slave before this unworthy cunt of a slave begs you to allow this unworthy cunt of a slave to undress you for the evening."

There, I had done it, completed it!

She grabbed my face. "You are to refer to yourself in this way among all the other house slaves, understand?" She had just taken away my right to be called Slave Calista. The name I had worked so hard to earn. The bitch! How could she?

WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! She paddled me three times as I screamed, "Yes, mistress! I understand!"

"Good," she said. "Now as far as the paddling, assume the position, please!"

I groaned, and crawled over to the middle of the floor, assuming the punishment position again. After fifteen more blows, I was mad with pain. My eyes couldn't focus, I couldn't stand, I could barely breath. Mistress placed the paddle in front of my face. "Kiss it, cunt! Thank your lovely paddle for taking the time to give you that which you so begged for!"

The damn infernal instrument! It was bad enough the pain it gave me, now the bitch wanted me to kiss it! Mocking me, she held me in her power. I was helpless to do anything other than what she demanded. I kissed it.

"Thank you, paddle, for taking time out to please this unworthy cunt of a slave."

Mistress smiled, walked over to the wardrobe and waited.

I crawled over to her, knelt before her and started the second part of my nightly task.

"May this unworthy cunt of a slave, have the pleasure of undressing mistress Stella?" I said.

She waited, savoring the moment, then nodded. "Yes you may, cunt!"

I rose shakily onto my high heeled feet and slowly undressed her. The top first, then the skirt. I hung each article up then went to the next. I took her cap off, placing the hair pins in a bowl.

"Stockings next," she said and pointed to a spot on the floor next to the bed. "Sit here, while you do that."

I groaned, knowing that I would be resting all my weight on my abused ass, which was on fire. I sat and shrieked in pain. Mistress Stella just laughed, as she proffered one leg, the next after I had taken her heels off.

Once finished, she unclipped the leash from my collar, then embracing me, she pushed my against the wall, grabbed both of my sore ass cheeks and roughly kneaded them as she raped my mouth with her tongue. I screamed into her mouth, which seemed to excite her more. Then she opened the door and pushed me out into the hall. I had been excused for the night.

The next morning the purple welts had darkened to an almost black hue. I had applied cream and ointment onto my ass after limping back to my room. The pain kept me up all night long as I tried to find a position that provided some sort of comfort. I cried almost all night long, till my tears dried up. The humiliation and trapped feeling of having to repeat this torture every evening, sunk deeply within my soul. My body shook, reliving the thrashing I had been given, no that I had begged to have. Now this groveling would have to be repeated by this worthless cunt of a slave every night, at the mercy of mistress Stella.

That evening I knocked at mistress Stella's door, head bowed, waiting for her to answer it. The door swung open revealing mistress Stella, latex maids' uniform still intact, with a wicked smile on her face. Oh how she was cherishing this. I had heard from Jacinta that mistress Stella had done the same thing to her only just this morning, putting Jacinta in her place, and "assigning" her the task of dressing mistress Stella each morning.

The two of us limped around all day, doing our chores, trying to ignore the throbbing pain from our blackened asses. Jacinta, seemed to be taking it a little better than I. She shrugged when I asked her how she felt about it, simply stating that whatever was, was. She had no control over anything, so why worry about it.

Without a word, mistress Stella stepped away from the entrance and allowed me to enter. I went to the center of the room, knelt down, assuming the correct position and then proceeded with my task.

"Please mistress, please paddle this unworthy cunt of a slave before this unworthy cunt of a slave begs you to allow this unworthy cunt of a slave to undress you for the evening." I begged. I hated it. I hated asking for the paddling. That evil paddle, the very thing that I did not want, mistress Stella enjoyed making me beg for.

She smiled, looked down at me, her heels and stocking legs beside me. "I don't know cunt, I don't get the sense that you truly wish for the paddle..." she mocked, the evil bitch.

I groaned inwardly, I hated every minute of it.

"Please mistress, PLEASE PADDLE this unworthy CUNT of a slave before this unworthy CUNT of a slave begs you to allow this unworthy cunt of a slave to undress you for the evening." I pleaded.

"Do you like the paddle, cunt?" she asked.

Sigh. "Yes mistress, this unworthy cunt of a slave likes the paddle."

"Ahh," she retorted. "You like, but do not love?"

I moaned. She relished this. She was pushing me farther.

"Yes mistress, this unworthy cunt of a slave loves the paddle. Please use it on this unworthy cunt of a slave."

"Well, if you so insist, cunt!" she offered me the paddle to kiss. I lifted my head up and kissed the hard solid wooden paddle. She walked around behind me, and I awaited the first strike. My ass was still black. She lifted my miniskirt. "Such a lovely color, cunt!" she rubbed the paddle over the bruises and welts. I sobbed at the very contact of it.

"Such a little painslut, you are," she hissed. "If this was my ass, I would be begging to never be paddled again."

At that moment I really couldn't appreciate the irony of that statement. She knew full well that she had forced me to ask for this. This abuse that was the thing I wanted the least in the whole wide world.

"But you," she continued. "After all the abuse, the damage done to that poor ass, you want more. Who but a little painslut would beg for more?"

She paused. I guess she wanted an answer because she then added, "Well? Who?"

"This unworthy cunt of a slave does, mistress!" I answered. So fiendish, so diabolical. She truly was enjoying this.

"Well, painslut, since you have begged for it, although I don't understand why you would want more abuse," she positioned herself to strike. "I will be gracious and grant you your wish, cunt! But remember that I am doing you a favor here, understand?"

Evil! Not only had she gotten me to beg for a punishment I did not want, but now had made it seem like she was doing me a favor by granting my forced request.

"This unworthy cunt of a slave does, mistress! Thank you mistress!" I said. Then I screamed in pain as the first blow struck my tender ass.

A NEW ACCESSORY

No one came to my aid. Mistress Stella brutalized me every night for weeks. After the first night she would go easy on me with the paddle, till my ass healed just enough that the bruises were a light yellow. The she would inflict brutal damage on them again. I think I went two months without sitting because of the damage to my ass.

She did the same to Jacinta, so I had a partner in misery, at the very least. I also became quiet adept at orally pleasing mistress Stella, as she kept me kneeling before her, my face in her crotch, for hours after I had been paddled and had finished undressing her.

The whole act, although I'm sure the paddling was most of it, made Stella extremely wet and horny. As she corrected me and my technique, she verbally humiliated me; the painslut cunt licker who was worthless for anything else. I endeavored to do my best, and over time, the beatings she administered me, and the names she called me, started to excite me. She picked up on this and started to deny me the pleasure of the paddlings, and the verbal abuse. Often she would refuse my begging and pleading for the paddle, simply instructing me to undress her and leave. She had no use for a painslut that got off on the paddle. Leaving me empty, she would push me out of her room, leaving me to an empty night. I had become so worthless that I didn't even earn the punishment that I now yearned and craved for.

The tingle was becoming too much for me. My frustration level had become so high, that I could no longer trust myself. I went to seek out Slave Mildred. The motherly old woman. She was the best person to make the request to, as I did not wish to show further weakness to mistress Stella for what I was about to ask for.

I went to Slave Mildred's room and knocked lightly. She answered, and brought me in. Remembering my new station that mistress Stella had enforced I started, "This unworthy cunt of a slave needs to speak with you Slave Mildred."

"Yes? What is it?" she asked. After the first evening of mistress Stella imposing her new rules on me, I had been surprised that all of the other slaves had accepted mistress Stella's renaming of me to 'this unworthy cunt of a slave'. It seemed that my newly earned name had been replaced, without so much as a hint of objection from any other house slave.

I continued.

"I have been..."

"I?" Slave Mildred asked? She was correcting and reinforcing mistress Stella's commands. I started over.

"This unworthy cunt of a slave has been told that Master does not want it to orgasm."

"That is correct," she said.

"This unworthy cunt of a slave is unsure if it can stop itself, and humbly is asking for assistance."

Mildred smiled and took me into her arms and hugged me. I broke down and sobbed in frustration, in pain, in humiliation. Everything came crashing down. I was useless, worthless, and helpless. I couldn't even control my sexual urges, my animal instincts, they threatened to undo me. I needed help, and only now admitted it to not only Mildred, but to myself.

She shushed me, and we stood there for a very long time, until I was all cried out.

"We will help you," she said and taking my hand she lead me downstairs to a small closet. Rummaging through it, she came out with a metal rounded contraption. I saw a tag hanging from it, like an old price tag, and saw my name on it: Calista.

Slave Mildred led me to the main room, there were still a few house slaves around, and when they saw us and what Mildred held in her hand, they perked up and started watching.

Mildred had me strip to the nude in the middle of the room, in front of everyone. She then put the contraption onto me, one leg at a time, I stepped into it, and she raised it up to my crotch. Making some adjustments, she finally positioned it completely over my sex. With an ominous click, she shut the contraption of steel that wrapped around my hips and through my legs. Now a metal shield covered my pussy, a small hole allowed for exiting of my ass. A chastity belt had been locked onto me! It fit snugly, obviously they had taken my measurements as the belt was labeled with my name, and had sat in wait for the appropriate time to be fitted onto me. Now trapped within it, I examined it, felt around it and the seams. I tested it, trying to pry a finger up and under it to no effect. I looked at Mildred with wide eyes. Behind her the others watched in interest and amusement. How many of them had been subjected to this?

"This, my dear," Mildred said. "will help you with your problem."

I whimpered in frustration and humiliation.

"It is no longer a question of willpower, now you have no choice in the matter."

I nodded. She looked at me coldly, no hint of the den mother within her.

I stiffened and corrected myself. Nods were not acceptable and that was one habit that I truly had a hard time breaking.

"Thank you Slave Mildred, for helping this unworthy cunt of a slave control itself!"

She smiled, turned around and went back to her room, leaving me naked, in the center of the room, with nothing but a metal chastity belt and locked up privates.

I had asked Jacinta what "flagged" meant. All she told me was that it meant that she was not to be spoiled. No orgasm. No penetration was allowed in her. She didn't seem to know if that was a good thing or a bad thing, and suggested to me that I should concentrate on my chores and servitude more that speculating on what my future might be. As a slave, we had no future, no past, only the present. Things change radically as I had witnessed like the harem slave that had been demoted. One day she was one of the top slaves, cherished by Master, used and loaned out by him. The next she was lower than a house slave, abused by Slave Shirley. Shirley too had once been in power, only to be taken, a petrified look on her face as she was dragged away in shackles, the huntress had become the hunted in moments.

It must have been about six months that had passed when mistress Stella was purchased by a business partner of Master's. She was quickly shackled, a large red ballgag was buckled into her mouth and a large dildo was shoved up her pussy, when her new owner took her away from the house. He had also taken two other house slaves, to where, we never knew. Always the rest of us were glad that we were not chosen, and were allowed to stay here in Duquette Estate. Few stories came back to us about a slave leaving this place and going to a better existence. Although we had all witnessed what evil Master could do by witnessing the failure in the cabin, the clients that would visit the estate all seemed more singularly perverted than he did. Stories of a slave kept in a dark closet, only to be freed briefly for abuse and fucking, then locked back into the closet, were all too common. Most of us realized that those slaves probably never lived out the year where it was that they were taken, as we saw quite a few of the clients returning every so often, to "replenish" their stock.

I wasn't sure how I felt about mistress Stella being taken. Now a big void had entered my life as I realized that the attention and care she had focused on me now was gone. The paddle that I now craved would not be there for me to look forward to each night. On the other hand, as soon as she left, I regained my name, as Slave Mildred made a point to immediately address me as Slave Calista after mistress Stella had left. Difficult as it was, I realized I was no longer the rookie in the house slave building. Staying power had a way of promoting a slave into a more alpha position. A power vacuum had once again been created, and I was now secure in the knowledge that whoever filled that, I would not be bumped back down to the lowest status again.

There was a certain cattiness that the other slaves exhibited while no true alpha slave emerged amongst them. The closest that tried to assume the position was an Asian dragon lady. She truly tried to assume the dominant position, the trouble was she was small and physically she could not back up her threats with some of the others who took exception to her. She had a mouth on her that would make a sailor blush, but she turned out to be all bark and no bite.

I followed Mildred's lead of motherly love and stayed out of the power struggle. Somehow Mildred had survived longer than anyone else, and although she wasn't the alpha slave, everyone looked to her for true guidance and advice.

THE HOUSE SLAVE COUNCIL

I was summoned shortly afterwards by Mildred to sit at the house slave council. Whether Master had formally created it, or the house slaves had at one point to police themselves, I do not know, however, when I entered the room, I was motioned to sit at the table along with Mildred, another house slave, and Jacinta. It seemed that we now had seniority. Once seated, Mildred informed us that we were now members of the house slave council and that Master had tasked us to select replacements for all the house slaves that had left. My role had been expanded, I had been given more responsibility. I was thrilled with what I perceived as a promotion and I resolved myself to put all that I could into fulfilling my duty of finding appropriate house slave candidates.

As house slaves, we came in contact with everyone on the estate in some way or form. From serving Master's food, to his guests, to attending to stable hands and workmen, to kennel slaves. I had not had much contact with the kennel slaves, as being directly under the control of mistress Stella during her time here, I was kept on a very real short leash! That now changed as Mildred remarked to me that one of the determining factors of my promotion from kennel slave to house slave, was how well I had trained my replacement, correcting her when she had gotten out of line. I blushed at that, and was surprised that Mildred or anyone for that matter knew about the incident with the little Arab slave girl, whom I had punished for asking me about my past.

"There is no secrecy here. Nothing you or I can do will not go unnoticed by someone. Master was VERY thorough in building this estate. If you do something you are not supposed to do, it will be found out."

I shivered, knowing what punishment felt like, and a small part of me was glad that I had asked for the chastity belt that now was locked securely around my waist, securing my sex from my weakened self control.

I was also glad that I had behaved properly when I was a trainer, and that my behavior was noticed. It reinforced the rules that had been drilled into my head from the beginning. It was comforting to have this predictable backdrop for an otherwise unpredictable existence. A method to the madness, so to speak.

Now I was to follow the progress of the "untagged" kennel slaves. Untagged meant that they were slaves that were not spoken for. No plans had been arranged for them. The kennels had two types of slaves, "Tagged" slaves, were brought in for a short time, either for training, processing, or just holding. The estate was large enough to be able to handle a decent amount of slaves internally, which I assumed made it a good hub for processing them without drawing attention. These were typically female, although there were plenty of male slaves, who were meant for some other destination and owner. Instructions for them varied. Some owners actually took part in the training indoctrination and at various training stages. Their owners would determine when to take them away from the estate to their new home, while others were locked away in their cage with no contact other than food and water given to them. Others would come back from time to time for "retraining" or rehabilitation.

The "untagged" slaves had no one interested in them or spoken for. They ranged from runaways and abductees, to poor foreigners that their families had sold into slavery. These slaves, I was one of them, had no one interested in them, and so were available for clients to use, hire, and purchase. Master had a large estate and a large household, so he always made sure that he had stock to select from, for positions within the estate. The most menial tasks were handled by the kennel slaves. All were left naked with nothing but a leather crossed body harness of strips, and a collar. They scurried around the estate outside on the grounds, doing menial physical work under the watchful gaze of the estate. When not sleeping, or working, they were trained in a variety of ways to learn the ways of Master's slavery protocol and training. The methods were harsh and mistakes were not easily forgiven.

On occasion, clients would arrive at the estate and Master would take them around to the kennels. It was a grotesque enactment of a person going to the animal shelter, shopping for a new pet. They would pick and choose from them, taking each out of their cages, and then would "get acquainted" with them. Most would take their time brutally getting to know one slave, putting it through its paces, running them, trashing them, and fucking them for hours, only to shake their heads and repeat the process with the next kennel slave in the following cage. Some clients really did enjoy "window shopping" more than actually purchasing, only to have reached their limit for the visit and go home without making a purchase. These were the slaves the house slave council were to choose from to replenish our ranks.

Slave Mildred, always organized, had made a list of candidates to follow and watch. We committed the list to memory and started to watch them. I had noticed that the Arab girl I had trained as my replacement was on the list, she still had my old duty as greeter, and I went and visited her. Putting her through her paces, I quizzed her on the rules of the estate, her training, and body positions. I tested her. Satisfied with our first meeting, I left her with a warning that I was watching her. Properly demure as was fitting for a kennel slave while in the presence of a house slave, she thanked me for my interest and had assured me that she would continue to be the best kennel slave that she could be.

The other kennel slaves on the list performed equally well, although they were not as memorable as the Arab girl, since I had not been in contact with them before. I kept an eye on a few of them, those that stood out to me. During my time as a house slave, I noticed that the slaves that didn't get along with the others usually created more drama and tension for all of us. That was likely to get us noticed by Master in a bad way. Mildred had alluded to this fact. Unlike myself, the other house slaves were often used by Master's guests, as well as the other house slaves. Curiously, during my time at the estate, I had not seen Master take any of the house slaves for himself. Because I was "flagged", sexual contact with me had been reduced to nothing since Stella had been taken away. The chastity belt also had a profound effect on me and the others. It prevented me from satisfaction, frustrating me as I spent many nights in tears scratching at the metal shield that blocked my delicate touch on my neglected pussy and clit. The other house slaves saw the belt as a punishment technique, one that they were not to keen to experience themselves after the many questions they asked of me during my imprisonment.

Over the course of the week, I stumbled across the council members putting the listed kennel slaves through various tasks, poses and tortures. Sometimes I would join in, other times my duties required me to pass on the invitation. By the end of the week, the house slave council met again with our selections in tow. Each kennel slave was to

stand at attention, head back, chest thrust out, arms glued to their sides, and legs spread open in front of them, just like I had when I first came before the council.

Each of us had selected candidates and as that kennel slave was presented, our arguments were heard by the rest of the council. I had chosen the Arab girl who had taken over my kennel slave duties as greeter. After deliberation, she and the other candidates were welcomed into the fold as house slaves. I had the pleasure of naming the Arab girl, and she proudly accepted her new name: Jasmine.

Just as Jacinta had for me, it became my duty to train Slave Jasmine to become a house slave. Her failures would also be mine, so I impressed upon her that she should take her training seriously. Perhaps it was the frustration from my own loins, perhaps I just wanted to make a point that she would remember, but when we met that first morning for training, I remembered the tasks that Stella had set upon me, and applied them brutally to Jasmine. The night before, I had shown her how to get dressed in her uniform. I had gone over the rules of keeping up appearances, or taking orders, and I commanded her to report to my room bright and early the next morning for her training.

When she knocked at the door, I opened it, grabbed her by the hair and dragged her into the room. She whimpered as I threw her to the floor in the middle of the room. She sat there, on her knees confused and a little shocked. Time for her to realize how serious I was.

"Bitch!" I started. "Every morning your first task of the day, after you have gotten dressed of course," I looked gravely into her eyes, towering above her in the nude. "will be to present yourself to me, your new mistress and trainer."

I continued. "You will be on your knees outside my door, knock and wait for me to open it. At that point you will beg your mistress to dress her and to train your stupid ass to become a worthy house slave."

I crotched down and was now level with her face. I slapped her hard across the cheek. She winced and clutched her cheek. I slapped her hand away, then slapped her again.

"Understand, Bitch?"

Her eyes had gone from confusion, to pain, to now fear. A small tear bubbled from her left eye, the side of the face that had been slapped by me. She slowly nodded.

SLAP! I hit her again. "Understand?"

She got the hint.

"Yes mistress!" She answered quickly.

"Good," I said, and then I dragged her to the door. "Let's try this again, shall we?"

I opened the door and shoved her out into the hallway, and slammed the door shut again.

That day, Jasmine learned to take her training, her new position and me very seriously. The rest of the training went by quickly with only minor corrections needed.

MASTER'S FIRST WIFE

One day about three weeks later, Master's first wife, Lady Martha arrived. Word spread quickly around the estate. She was a woman not to be trifled with. Jasmine and I were cleaning the foyer as she was shown into the main house. Striding confidently in, she was an older woman, a bit heavy, yet still very pretty. She had the same complexion as Master and reminded me more of a sister to Master than a wife and lover. Snapping her fingers, she hissed at us to drop our cleaning brushes and to take her luggage up to her room. Master had set aside a few rooms specifically for regulars. Sir Jon had one as well. These rooms were off limits to other guests as they contained personal items that were left there for return visits. This allowed them to not have to pack all of the various sundries that they would need for the extended amounts of time they stayed here on the estate. This was the first time that she had visited since I was here.

Even though she already had a fully furnished suite, Lady Martha had packed more items than any other visitor had. Jasmine and I struggled with all of her suitcases as we had to make three trips before setting about the task of unpacking and putting everything away in the multiple dressers and wardrobes within the room. Just like Master and his eldest friend Sir Jon, Lady Martha had the same background of middle class. Not born to royalty, she more than made up for her background now as she enjoyed all the luxuries of her status. She enjoyed giving instructions, pointing out where everything was to be laid out and put away, sending one of us off to retrieve fresh laundered towels, a case of bottled water and other items. She seemed to have no problem ordering us around.

Jasmine had a little trouble getting one of the drawers open and Lady Martha gave her a sharp slap in the head. "Hurry up about it!" she menaced as Jasmine let out whelp and moved quickly to open the drawer and put Lady Martha's clothes away. Once done, Lady Martha pointed the door out to us, waving us to go as she spoke animatedly into her phone. We scurried out and resumed our task of cleaning the foyer.

That evening as we stood at attention serving dinner in the dinning room, Lady Martha had a heated conversation with Master. Somehow she had "gone through" another batch of slaves and simply needed to replenish her stock. Master calmly denied her request, which infuriated Lady Martha to no end. "I can't live without them!" she screamed. "I have a certain lifestyle to maintain!"

Master swilled his glass of wine. "I suspect you've probably sold them all off for the money, my dear. Didn't our settlement keep you comfortable enough?"

She scoffed. "Exile, is more like it. That house you gave me is too small, and out in the middle of no where. I have no social life to speak of, and certainly not one of those slaves you gave me was suitable or presentable to be seen with me around town."

Lady Martha snapped her fingers and beckoned me to come to her. I did.

"What about this one?" she grabbed my collar and yanked me off balance so that I was bent over, my face just below hers.

"This one just might be able to be seen with me in front of company." She grabbed my face in her hand, twisted it left and right as she examined me closely. "Oh you are a lovely one, aren't you?"

I gasped, "Yes, my Lady."

Master seemed to stiffen, just barely. "She's not for you, my dear." He said. There was a hint of warning in his voice, although Lady Martha seemed to ignore it.

"I think she would make an excellent handmaiden for me..." she continued. "Her skin is a little too tender though, really dear, you simply must not go easy on these creatures!"

Master smiled. "Well, there was a time when I did go a little too easy on you, my dear!"

Lady Martha hesitated only for a second, then regained herself.

"All in the past," she replied. "You're tastes became a little too extreme for my comfort." She released me, and I quickly struggled back up and into my position.

"I will however," Master said. "Assign her and the other to you during your stay."

No! He didn't just say that! I screamed inwardly to myself.

Lady Martha licked her lips.

"I will point out to you, my dear, that she has been flagged."

She frowned at hearing that.

"You still remember what that means, right?"

She nodded, glanced at both of us, and then added. "Just the blonde one, correct? The other has no such restrictions?"

Master nodded and turned his attention to one of the other guests.

Lady Martha smiled. It sent a shiver down my spine, and a quick glance over at Jasmine told me that she was in more fear than I was.

THE FIRST TRIP

After Lady Martha's stay, she somehow managed to convince Master to part with Jasmine. There were a few moments of tearful farewells before Jasmine was led off to accompany Lady Martha back to her estate. I wondered if I would ever get to see Jasmine again, but I quickly put that out of my mind and focused on the fact that I was still here. Slave Mildred announced a week later as we hurriedly went about getting ready for our tasks, that Master would be taking a "business trip".

I had found out from Jacinta later on that Master would plan trips on occasion to replenish his stock as well as deliver fully trained product to his customers. During these trips, Master would tend to select a group of slaves to accompany him for his personal care, although another group of slaves would be mixed in as well, and those, would be sold and delivered to his customers. None of the slaves would know if they would be the ones sold, or kept and brought back to the estate.

Preparations were made, and instructions handed out to us, as Jacinta and I helped pack, and organize various boxes and trunks for the trip. It was only at the last minute that both Jacinta and I were instructed to pack our uniforms and accompany Master on his trip. We were to be his servants during the trip, waiting on his every need while away.

We boarded the large plane, fully uniformed and were instructed to take up positions in the galley (kitchen). The plane was far larger than Master's jet; this was like a proper passenger airline only the passenger compartment was separated with a locking door that walled off the baggage section. In this case, Jacinta pointed out about twenty slaves from the kennels all chained together like a chain gang being loaded into that section from a separate set of stairs.

Master came on board, neatly dressed in an impeccable navy blue suit along with his body guards and an equally bespoke Arab gentleman. Following Master on his arm was the lovely Lucinda, the former house slave that had been promoted to the exalted status of harem slave. She was dressed in a very expensive stylish cashmere dress; dark red that went well with her dark complexion. The dress reeked of money, but the lines were cut deeper than a rich woman would feel comfortable with.

Lucinda came across as high priced whore, more than a rich classy woman. She was neither, but she did have the style and grace to fit in with Master and his Arab guest. We got underway and were soon in the air. One of the bodyguards, big and burly came back to us and handed us a sheet of instructions. It was a lunch menu we were to prepare for Master and his guest. We went about fixing the food and then loaded it on the cart and rolled it up to them. Master took the lunch and without a further look dismissed us.

Lucinda gave me a quick smile when our eyes met and then she turned her full attention towards Master. After we had passed earshot, he again began speaking animatedly with the Arab guest. Lucinda looked like she was amusing herself and not paying attention to the conversation, but something told me that she was paying very close attention to what was being said between the two without giving any hint to either of them.

We repeated this again for dinner and by early morning we felt the plane descend. Looking out of the window, we saw that we were coming towards a desert island. On the island we could see an old castle fortress, its walls surrounding a small lush oasis with palm trees and water. One of the bodyguards came back to us, sat down and started what seemed like a well practiced speech.

"Ok listen up cunts," he said.

"This customer is a very important client for your Master. You both have been chosen for this trip because of how well you have embraced your roles. Consider this a reward, as your Master has been pleased with the both of you."

"However," he added with a sneer of the sinister, "Do not take this charity as an act of weakness. You are still very much under the control of your Master. He is your god, your lord, your Master. Any deviation from his command will be met with swift and harsh corrections."

Both of us nodded.

"I'm sure you saw on our approach that this is an island. So there is no hope of escaping, unless you want to swim the thirty five miles of shark infested ocean to the mainland. This castle and this stronghold may look old, but is a well maintained fortress that was built originally to traffic slaves many centuries ago. The people here are of the same mind as your Master, so don't get your hopes up that you can persuade someone here to help you."
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top | Sir Semega's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Sir Semega's Page|   Mail |   Bottom
Life in the Harem
by Sir Semega
Copyright© 2008 by Sir Semega

Show Story Details
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
Continuation...

Again we nodded and stayed quiet.

"Do as your told, serve your Master, and all will be well. Don't and you'll be in the same lot as the other slaves we've brought here."

I gulped; I hadn't realized my mouth was so dry.

"Y ... yes ... s ... s ... sir..." I said.

Jacinta said the same.

We were escorted off the plane by that same giant bodyguard after Master and Lucinda had left with his other bodyguard and the Arab gentleman. Gentleman. I had a little trouble thinking of him as a gentleman now that my imagination was allowed to run wild with all the possible traumas that the other kennel slaves would be put through. We saw them, miserable, hungry, tired and scared as they were offloaded from the baggage compartment of the plane. They were being force-marched up to the castle, while we piled into the luggage car with all of Master's baggage and drove the long dry road up the front gate of the stone walled castle.

After we had unpacked Master's baggage, the both of us were chained to a ring set into the wall near the large dark oak bed. Our chains, attached to our collars gave us just enough slack to lay down on the large pillow on the floor that, no doubt, had been used by other slaves before us while their Master was away doing business. Everyone had left us alone. Both the bodyguards and our hosts had not so much as looked at us. There was no groping, no quick hidden squeezes, not lingering eyes, or stolen kisses. Everything, from my perspective, was very efficient, businesslike and orderly.

We both were quiet. Kneeling on the pillow, we instinctively knew to keep our mouths shut. We could talk later, but I know I was more than eager to blend into the background and not get noticed as I should think Jacinta would agree! Just then a shriek emanated from somewhere deep within the building. My mind imagined some medieval dungeon where unspeakable horrors were being inflicted upon the slaves. More shrieks and screams answered the first. Jacinta turned pale. I'm sure I did as well. We knelt there for who knows how long, listening to the screams. My stomach grew sick. I could feel my heart beating in my throat. We had nothing to do except listen and wait for our Master to return to the room.

When Master did come back, he said nothing to us. Lucinda slinked in, oozing with sexuality and he took her into his bed and ravaged her. First having her suck him off, then he finished inside her as he quickly mounted her. The lights were turned off and Lucinda was left in his bed while he quickly fell asleep. I found the pillow to be adequate; after all, a slave takes whatever Master wants!

Morning.

It must have been dawn as I was awakened by Lucinda who unlocked the chain from my collar freeing me. From some unheard instruction while I was sleeping, Lucinda quickly relayed to us that we were to clean ourselves then ready a bath for Master's bathing. Afterwards we were to dress and accompany Master for the day. All of our attention was focused on Master while bathing and helping him dress for the day. It would not have been very smart to upset or displease him while we were interred in this castle of horrors. Lucinda disappeared at this point as we were led out of the suite by Master.

We traveled three flights of stairs where we ended up following Master, by our leashes into the grand dining room. The room was massive. Dominated by a large table that easily sat thirty people it was stationed in the middle of the room. Seated at the table were a large number of individuals of all races and nationalities. There were even a few women! None of them looked like victims.

Along one wall was a line of personal slaves, attendants just like us, all locked to iron rings on the wall. There were dog food type bowls in front of them and a jug of water. Were we taken from Master by attendants, who were young looking men (I later found out they were eunuchs, castrated male slaves) and were locked to the wall as well. As we were allowed to eat from our bowls, Master ate amongst the others at the table. Their food being rather more tasty than the gruel we had to eat.

After breakfast we returned to Master's side and were escorted to an outside courtyard where a boxing ring was set up in the fast rising sun. Chairs were arranged around the ring under shaded canopies as again we were taken away from Master into a dressing area where we were instructed to strip and change into brightly colored bikinis. A eunuch came around and whitewashed a number on each of us, mine being number eleven, Jacinta's was thirteen. We were then lead back out into a fenced in waiting area. It was more of a stall than waiting area. The type you see in a rodeo where the bulls were kept.

Two slaves were taken at random and pulled through the gate and pushed into the ring. A referee of some sorts quickly spoke what sounded like instructions to the two disoriented slaves, who quickly nodded their understanding before a bell was rung signifying the start of whatever it was they were now going to do.

The two circled as the guests started screaming and hollering. Suddenly one of the girls, they both were Arab, lunged towards the other and tackled her to the ground. A commotion between the two of them proceeded as they grappled each other, swinging wildly off target slaps and kicks until the bell rang. They both were shown a corner and waited as they gasped for breath. The smaller of the two girls had the forming of a large bruise on her thigh. Her hair was disheveled and she seemed the worse off between the two. The referee spoke to her as she panted, shaking her head furiously, refusing whatever he was saying. He wasted no time in slapping her squarely across the face, and as she staggered from the blow he pulled out a small cattle prod and shocked her in the ass, immediately dropping her to the floor. She became hysterical now and madly crawled away from him and the prod. The bell rang and she raced out into the center of the ring, eager to escape the referee.

The two slaves engaged again in a full embrace as the small bruised one swung wildly and flailed about trying to inflict some damage on the other girl. Grunts turned into yells as they struggled and fell to the floor. If either of the girls took a breather during the match, the referee jolted her with the cattle prod. After the third round, the match was decided in the larger slave's favor. Money was exchanged between the guests. Master seemed to not be too interested in the match as he sat in the back with our host in a deep discussion. The two girls were separated and the looser was escorted off to a different area from the winner.

The winner received a fresh drink of water as she knelt and tried to calm her breathing. The loser was bent over a rail, her wrists tied together with strips of leather to her ankles she was doubled over and very vulnerable. Her skin shone from the sun glistening off her sweaty body. One of the eunuchs then proceeded to whip her, presumably because she had lost. Everyone in the paddock with me understood the consequences of loosing now.

Two more were pulled unceremoniously out and led to the ring. This time the match was quite ferocious as one girl started bleeding from her nose early into the match. When it was all over, as the bleeding loser was taken to replace the previous loser to be whipped, the referee took a pale of water and splashed in over the ring to remove the blood.

Jacinta was next. Matched up with a tall black woman, she tried valiantly to put up a fight. Near the end of the third round, the black woman had Jacinta in a scissor lock between her thighs and started to rub her pussy onto Jacinta's helpless face. The referee noticed immediately as the guests shouted and pointed. He tugged the black woman away from Jacinta and declared Jacinta the winner. The black woman was then led to the whipping post and was given a thorough thrashing. Some of the guests were giving a dark skinned man in a bright blue suit a hard time over the incident. I assumed that he was the black woman's owner.

I turned out to be the last match of the day. Matched up with a girl about my size, we grappled and swung and tried to pin each other. Neither of us knew what we were doing, however we made up for our inexperience with enthusiasm as we both didn't want to be whipped. By the end of the match I was covered in sweat and had several bruises. I was rather pleased to be chosen the winner, though judging from the more subdued level of cheering during our match, I'm sure we didn't give much entertainment to the audience.

After a quick rinse off in a tiled dank room, we all were marched back out to the plaza and reunited with our Masters. Some Master's rewarded their slaves accounting of themselves in the ring by allowing them to drop to their knees and suck their cocks. A few roughly chastised their slaves for loosing. Master had each of us kneel silently on either side of his chair as he continued to speak in hushed tones with our host, a bit removed from the others. I had learned my lesson long ago to not listen to anything Master and our host spoke of, rather I tried to remain still and aware of him.

The rest of the day found us beside and slightly behind our Master's side. On a few occasions one of the other men would look us over with a look of hunger and anticipation. At one point one of the other owners got into a heated discussion with our host and my Master. From the looks and gestures it seemed that he was interested in us, with my Master refusing him and the host trying to placate the angry frustrated owner.

That evening, Jacinta and I attended to our Master's needs as he relaxed in his suite with Lucinda. Feeding him, undressing him, and waiting on him. Master seemed tired, stressed. I endeavored to be as observant to his needs as I could. He startled me at one point in the evening after I had served him some grapes, setting the tray on the small coffee table in front of the sofa, by turning to me and asking a little about me. Flustered and embarrassed, I recited my position in my practiced manner and hoped that I would not say anything out of order that would cause him to be displeased. Lucinda watched me intently.

Smiling, he bade me to sit next to him. I did so, displacing Lucinda, who now took the time to position herself behind Master's back and started giving him a sexy shoulder massage. Master started to ask me questions. What I thought of the wrestling event, about the castle, about the other slaves. He asked me to speak freely. I swallowed, hesitated and then answered his questions as honestly as I could. He pulled me closer to him while I spoke. He started brushing my hair softly. He stroked my shoulders, as I faltered, confused by the thoughts and feelings I was having. At some point I stopped speaking, as he then started kissing me. Softly. Warmly. I melted into him as my mind swirled and my head became light headed.

When I was able to think straight again, I saw that the look on Lucinda's face seemed to be more of jealousy than interest. There was a dangerous side of Lucinda that showed through her perfectly featured face and immaculate makeup. It was a side I was now aware of. I hoped that I would never give Lucinda the chance to show me what that dangerous side of hers could do!

COMING HOME

We stayed one more day before leaving. The plane ride back was quiet and empty. Other than Lucinda, Jacinta and myself, no other slaves came back with us. Lucinda was hard to read. After the flash of jealousy from the other night, she had been distant with me and ignored me. She spent her time trying to get Master to focus on her and her "skills and talents rather than either Jacinta or myself. Fucking him silly all night long, she was up for anything and had a predatory way of having sex. Master seemed quite fulfilled, that's for sure!

Once home, wow, calling the Estate home had shocked me as I now did think of it as a home for myself, things went back to normal for another week. Jacinta and I had teamed back up and were doing our house slave duties when Sir Jon strode confidently into the manor house. He met with Master for a short time and as I was cleaning the marble foyer, Sir Jon exited the house with a rather smug looking Lucinda. I was instructed to take Lucinda's luggage out to the car. It seemed that Lucinda would be accompanying Sir Jon somewhere.

The luggage of Lucinda's was little more than a collection of provocative clothing and lingerie. Clothes for her to operate with on her back. When I loaded her bag into the car, we exchanged glances. Her face had a smirk on it as she nodded to me. Then she turned her attention to Sir Jon, like a true courtesan, he now became the center of her world as she laughed at some benign comment he muttered under his breath. She snuggled up to him and he wrapped his large arm around her. Then the car pulled out and they were gone. I was getting used to seeing everyone I knew leave me. I wondered when it would be my time to leave home.

PROMOTION

The next day I was promoted with little fanfare to harem slave. Slave Mildred informed me early in the morning, curtsying to me and announcing my promotion and asking me to report to the manor house, where I would now be staying. Jacinta gasped upon hearing the news and we exchanged hugs and kisses as tears streamed down both our faces. I would miss her. She was as close to a friend as a slave could have. The term sister slave came to mind, when I thought of Jacinta. I hoped that her path would be smooth and exciting and wonderful like mine had taken!

I was escorted to a floor in the main house. It was a level that was off limits to all others except the guests and Master. There was simply a door at the landing of the stairs, nothing else. I knocked and a sliding window opened to inspect me. "I was told to report here." I mumbled. The window slid closed with a click, and the door was unlocked and opened wide for me to enter.

I walked through the entry and was confronted with a very large light filled room. Fine gossamer curtains flowed and undulated with the light breeze that kept the room at a very comfortable temperature. Rich pinks, purples, and light blue fabrics adorned settees and couches and cushions that lay sprawled out amongst the large room. I was taken aback as I seemed to have been transported to another time, and another place. It was like what you would expect a roman orgy would take place at. I was wondering where the grapes and horns of wine were. The door closed solidly behind me as I finally began to notice the lovely shaped woman who had admitted me entrance into this divine area.

She beckoned to me to follow her.

I followed that shapely ass that was framed by the lightest pink slip of cloth as she led me to a room off to the side of what she called the "Great room". This small room had four bunks in it and Spartan furnishings, much like a dorm room. She pointed to one of the bunks.

"This will be your bed Calista. You and three others share this room. When not on duty, you are allowed to rest and recuperate here."

I nodded as she assisted me in stripping off my clothes and then reaching into the chest closest to my bunk she pulled out what I later found out to be a new type of uniform: the harem slave uniform.

I took the wispy pink fabric, a combination of "I dream of Genie" and "high class hooker" and was assisted into it as Clara, whom she introduced herself as, helped me with the details. Lastly was a pair of pink heeled mules, of which after all my other outfits and training I had absolutely no trouble with the five inch height of them.

Next Clara told me of my duties.

"Calista, as harem slave your duties are to our guests. You are to entertain them and their every whim. If they were to ask you to strip, you will do it without pause. If they asked you to feed them you will feed them. You will be pleasant to them at all times, denying them nothing."

I nodded and then paused to ask a question.

"I am aware that I have been flagged. How will this affect my serving the guests?"

Clara smiled. 'This girl had some smarts', she thought to herself.

"That is a good question. None of the guests will expect to have sex with you. I can see that you still unsure what being flagged means?"

I nodded, no one had ever told me what it meant. I had a good idea, since it pertained to me not having orgasms, but I waited eagerly for Clara to fill me in.

"A slave is flagged when Master wishes that slave to be unspoiled'. This could be for many reasons. Price of the stock would go up for an unspoiled trained slave, or simply Master or someone else has their eyes on taking you for themselves and do not wish anyone else to have pleasure from you and your body."

I nodded again. "Thank you Clara for explaining it to me. I had wondered but knew that it was of no consequence to me."

Clara looked me up and down. "As slaves we are nothing but what our owners wish us to be. You are correct in your assumptions Calista. Now let us go and meet the other harem slaves."

She guided me gracefully out into the main room again. Gathered in one corner was a small group of nymphs, I assume for the guests choice and whims. Clara brought me over to the group and introduced me.

"Girls, this is our new sister, Calista."

The girls stopped their exchanges and each stood up and presented themselves to me, curtseying as they introduced themselves.

There was a dark skinned African girl named Roxanne. She wore a rich purple outfit like my own. Her green eyes shone brightly at me as she smiled and stepped aside for the next introduction.

Quan-Yi was next in a rich red outfit. She was Asian, perhaps Chinese. She was very petite. Her almond shaped eyes belied a submissive sadness even when she smiled.

Barbie was a vapid bleach blonde bimbo. She giggled and it was clear that her IQ matched her breast size post augmentation!

The next two girls were twins, from Russia at least they spoke with something of a Russian accent. They were Paulina and Petra. They had black hair, and a hint of Asian in their faces.

Gretchen was next. She was sweet and innocent, she looked much younger than she turned out to be. There must have been some guests with a taste for young meat as Gretchen had her hair up in pigtails and wore a stripped down outfit that emphasized her smallness and freshness.

Lastly, Lucinda strode forward and welcomed me to the flock. In all we were eight harem slaves, kept in our pretty cage at the whim of our Master and his guests. The bars had been replaced with silken pillows and divans. I noticed that the front doorway leading to the stairs locked from both sides.

I shared my room with Gretchen and the Russian twins. The slave who had slept in my bunk before me had been taken away the evening before. That was what prompted my promotion to harem slave.

Clara, it seemed was not part of our little clan. She served in some sort of administrative function, a combination den-mother and warden.

Gretchen took to task getting me assimilated into the life I was now to lead. I soon discovered that there was a pecking order to this group of harem slaves. Just like the house slaves, some had taken more control over others. It didn't take me very long to discover that Lucinda was at the top of that order. She had appointed herself First Slave and all others had allowed her the status and privilege of that standing. Everything that went on within that room would be overseen by Lucinda. She had her eyes open all the time and with a royal grace she lorded over the rest, making sure that her opinions were not only heard, but followed.

"Lucinda recently told Roxanne that purple was more suitable to her coloring than red." Gretchen whispered to me. "After that, Roxanne is only allowed to wear purple."

She added with a sigh. "The worst part of it is that she looks so much better in red. Lucinda just doesn't want anyone else to shine more than her."

I nodded. Lucinda had always had an air about her. Every time I had witnessed her presence, she always seemed above everyone else. Back on that island fortress, Lucinda carried herself like she was Master's equal.

In the evening I was prepared by my sister slaves. They washed me in rich smelling oils and made me up and clipped and styled my hair. A fresh French manicure, Master's preference, was applied and with a sexy silken nightgown I was escorted for final approval to Lucinda. She circled me with a discerning eye. She pointed little things out which my sister slaves quickly adjusted. When satisfied she nodded and the others moved off. Lucinda escorted me to an inner chamber. The room was again soft and warm, inviting and cool. The center had a large feather bed with a golden headboard and footboard.

Lucinda leaned in towards me as she picked an invisible thread off my left shoulder.

"Tonight, our Master will take you. He had you flagged so that he would be the one to take you and possess you. You have been denied pleasure so that tonight you can explode and serve your Master with pride. You will hold nothing back. You will deny him nothing. You will enjoy him and release the pent up energy that you have long tried to control. Loose yourself to your Master as he will now fully take the last thing remaining from you. You will give him everything tonight and will then be truly his."

I gasped and nodded. I was afraid of Master, but that kiss he gave me not long ago also excited me. Already a tingle started to grow from deep within me. I focused on it as I knew that tonight I would let everything go. I will allow my Master to take me, ride me, play me like an instrument, and I in turn would deny him nothing. I would give him my body to once and for all become his property.

Before leaving, Lucinda leaned towards my ear and whispered, "Remember cunt, I am First Slave! If you try to gain favor over me with Master I will rip your heart out and shove it up your twat before it stops beating!"

She pulled away quickly. Her face dead serious and she left. I remembered to lift my chin up from the floor moments later as Master entered the room from another door. That door too was locked.

MY HISTORY

From what little I can remember, my father was a kind and loving man. My mother had died during childbirth and my father was left alone to raise me. He struggled but we were happy until I turned six. Suddenly a new woman was in our house. She was to become my stepmother. It seemed like right after I had met her, she moved in with her two daughters. They were younger than I was and were very spoiled. All of my toys were taken by my stepmother and given to my two new stepsisters to play with. They would then break them or wouldn't allow me to take them back and play with them.

They were my toys and I cried and tried to complain. My stepmother would just slap me on my cheek and lock me in my room. Father started working longer hours and was never home while I was awake. My stepmother made sure that when he was home, that he would not be bothered by us children with our minor problems and brattiness. Father would sleep or be busy when he was home and Stepmother made sure that he never had time to sit with me alone and speak with me. Almost always she was in the same room as my father and I so I never had a chance to tell him who much I hated her and my stepsisters.

As I grew older, my chores began to grow as well. My stepsisters were allowed to go to school, but I was told to stay home and help around the house and assist Stepmother with the chores. In actuality, I never assisted. I did everything as she was too busy relaxing to be bothered with keeping the house clean. I would scrub the floors, do the dishes, the laundry and clean the house. I soon took over the cooking as she showed little interest in cooking. My days were spent working without breaks, slaving away at a never ending list of tasks that Stepmother would always make sure that I had finished before I was allowed to eat and go to bed. I was so tired most of the time that I had no energy or mental strength to complain.

It was near my sixteenth birthday when my world crumbled. Father had died. I don't know what happened as Stepmother came in and told me that he was dead and she gave me the rest of the day off to stay in my room. I cried until my tears dried up as the last person on earth who had loved me was no longer alive. What would I do now?

Life went on for another few months. If there was a funeral, no one told me. I wondered what became of my father's body, but Stepmother told me that it was none of my concern. He was my own dad? Why wouldn't it be of concern to me? I continued to slave away in the house while Stepmother started bringing in a slough of young men that disappeared each night behind hers and my father's bedroom door.

My stepsisters tormented me as they threatened to tattle on me if I didn't do one of their chores fast enough. Their threats were that Stepmother would throw me out of the house to wither and die. The fear of abandonment deepened in me as I tried my best to comply with those evil girls' demands.

One evening, an older woman came home with Stepmother. Stepmother called for me and I scurried forward. She told the woman my name and the older woman scrutinized me. She checked my teeth, and pinched many areas of my body. They dismissed me and went into another room to talk.

Later, after I had finished my chores and was able to sit in my room with the leftovers of dinner that I had cooked for everyone else, the older woman came in and sat down on the bed with me. She told me her name was Lady Martha and bid me to call her that.

I was a little confused but complied. She stroked my hair as she spoke softly to me.

"It's been hard here hasn't it my child. Your daddy died and left you all alone. Did he love you child? Did daddy love you?"

Tears started to form in my eyes as I leaned into her bosom. She held me as I wailed in misery. She shushed me, Cooed in my ear and continued stroking my hair. It had been so long since I had felt a hug, human touch, human warmth from another person.

"He left you all alone in this scary world. This world that is so full of danger. It would eat a young innocent child like you up and spit you out." She said.

"You have no family. You have no place to live. Where will you go? What will you do?" she asked.

Where would I go? I had never gone anywhere! What did she mean? Was Stepmother kicking me out? What would I do? I clutched at Lady Martha as panic set in.

"You have nothing. You have no education. You have no skills. You aren't sexy. No one wants you, child. What is your future?"

I groaned. Was this it? Was there nothing else for me? Now even my horrible pathetic life was being taken away from me, just like everything else, and everyone else. Mother, Father, all gone. They left me all alone. Why father, why?

Lady Martha began to rise. I tried to hold onto her. She loosened my death grip from her. She looked down at me. My tear streaked red eyed face. There was no reading what she thought. Was she leaving me? Why was she telling me this? What did she want?

She seemed to read my mind as she continued. "Your stepmother has offered me a deal. She says that you have some skill in housecleaning." She glanced around and shrugged. "After seeing this house, I'm not so sure. However, she has offered to sell you to me if I deem you suitable. I have needs and am always looking for product like you. I could take you away from here. Save you from life on the streets when they grow tired of you and throw you out..." she offered.

I jumped at the chance to leave this place to be saved from them and from myself. I nodded and pleaded for Lady Martha to take me away.

"Are you sure?" she asked with a sneer. "I can't promise you a better existence. But I will have invested in you and for that you will receive proper training so that you can bring me a profit. You will become proud of what we make of you. You must choose now. Once you are sure there is no going back."

I paused for a moment. I wasn't sure what she had in mind. What if what she wanted was far worse than what I already had to deal with? I hesitated. Then a thought went into my head. This was my only chance to escape Stepmother and her evil stepdaughters. How much longer would they entertain keeping me before tiring of me and throwing me out of the only house I had ever known?

I knew this was the moment. I would never have another chance after this. I knew that I would do anything to escape that house. There was nothing for me there anymore. My father was all that had kept me there. Now with him gone I needed to go. I wondered if the price paid for me was a lot of money. Little did I realize at that time that the true price would be paid by myself, in blood, sweat, and tears!

"I will go with you," I said.

Lady Martha grinned. She pointed to the floor in front of her. "Kneel before me and say it, slave."

I gave her a look then complied. I knelt before her, looked up into her eyes and repeated it. "I will go with you, Lady Martha."

A shiver ran down my spine after saying those words. My life had now taken a new turn.

MASTER

He was dressed casually, slacks and an expensive woven silk shirt. He strode to me and smiled. It was a friendly smile. My legs buckled a little as the butterflies in my stomach kept trying to fly up my throat and out of my mouth.

"Welcome, Calista," he said touching my cheek with the back of his hand. I smiled a little trying to ease my nerves. His hand lingered on my face, touching me everywhere as he stood at arms length from me. A hint of citrus cologne wafted from him as his scent mixed with my oiled skin. He drew his hand down to my mouth and gently, yet with a determination, inserted his finger into my mouth. I complied, parted my lips and his finger slid smoothly inside my mouth. Unsure what to do, I let him probe my mouth with his finger. Another finger joined the first.

"Suck." He said gently.

I tightened my lips around his smooth fingers and sucked as he stared deep into my eyes and slowly thrust his fingers back and forth in my mouth.

His eyes never blinked. Cold and blue they showed his control and command. It seemed at that moment that he ruled the entire universe. He ruled me and my body quivered with that thought.

He drew his fingers from my mouth with a slurp and a string of saliva dropping from my mouth and resting past my chin. I stood there awaiting his pleasure. He stepped forward and took me into his arms. He kissed me deeply. He held me up as my legs had gone numb and I surely would have fallen to the ground without his strong arms to hold me up in his embrace.

He stroked my hair. I was in a daze of confusion. I had never felt like this before. I was a virgin, and at that moment I realized why I was flagged, what the meaning was. All the months of frustration, the training, the tortures, the denial, all were planned out for this very moment as the only possession I still had left, the only thing that had never been taken from me was now to become his, my Masters. And I was now glad and proud of the sacrifice I had made and which had been imposed upon me all my life. That I should have a treasure like this to offer my Master, something even a wretched lowly slave like myself, was a gift that was beyond my worth. Take me, oh take me, Master!

Grasping the hair at the back of my head, he pulled my head back eliciting a gasp from me as he moved my face to point upward to him. Moving down he again kissed me with a deep passion and a contained fury that he seemed just barely able to control. My body was hot as my mind couldn't think properly. Silly cunt, why should a slave think? I knew what I was supposed to do, anything that my Master wanted of me. I blocked my mind from thinking and enjoyed the moment and focused on doing whatever he asked of me verbally or physically.

His strong hand moved across my body, resting finally on my breast, a shiver echoed throughout my body as the feeling of his magic fingers tickled my goose bump flesh through the silken dress. My nipples throbbed with hardness as the blood flowed out of my brain, and into sensitive parts throughout my body, parts that had been dormant for too long, now freshly awakened and come to life, they screamed for attention as my Master started to play me like a tightly strung instrument. My mouth became the sound from my body as my moans and shivers flowed out of a being that I could hardly recognize as me.

Eventually I became aware of him pushing me down to my knees. I rested there looking up into those deep blue eyes. He undid his pants and his cock sprang out in front of me. I knew instantly what he wished of me and submitted by parting my ruby red lips and enveloped his hot flesh. Slowly I worked a quick rhythm as I became aware of my Master's moans and grunts of pleasure. I tried to keep my eyes on his, but the deep stabs of his cock hit the back of my throat and soon were past it, my gagging forced my eyes to water as I struggled to maintain the innards of my stomach and gasp for air.

With a final thrust after his strokes had quickened, his salty seed exploded out of him and I furiously tried to swallow it all.

When he was done spurting, he kept his still hard cock in my mouth, bid me to clean it, which I lovingly did, licking his entire shaft and balls. What would happen next? I wondered. My body was one giant exposed nerve ending as my pussy felt absolutely drenched. My nipples were painfully hard and I hesitated touching myself as I tried to pay all my attention to my Master's cock.

Soon he pulled me up, kissed me deeply again and carried me to the bed. Laying me down, he parted my legs and lightly touched my inner thighs. He stroked all over me, except for the place I wanted him to stroke. Each time he came close to my rosebud, he would maddeningly change course and touch me elsewhere. I soon was groaning for some relief. All of those months of excitement and denied pleasure returned to me in frustration.

Finally he touched me, just a quick flick from his finger, but my body arched as it accepted it and begged for me. He stared into my eyes. He watched my reaction as he touched me again. My eyes lost their focus as I concentrated on the pleasure shooting through my body. I muttered sounds from my mouth, words from my pussy.

He had somehow taken off his clothes and was now climbing on top of me. He held me as his hard cock thrust slowly into me. My tightness resisting his rod, he hit something and came to a stop. A shock of pain came from their. He proceeded, slowly pushing as the pain grew and grew. A tearing sensation made me cry out. A whoosh of pain, fluid and pleasure wracked me as my head lolled back and I lost consciousness for a moment. I couldn't breath. The pain subsided, leaving a small throbbing haze, a hint of the pain that had just transpired, only to be overwhelmed by the hot metal rod of his cock bottoming out within me. My body responded as his thrusting started to quicken into a rhythm. Soon I was pushing back into him, my body yearning to be taken deeper. His pace quickened as he looked deep into my eyes. He kissed me and exploded into my no longer virgin pussy. As his shooting subsided, his thrusting continued to push me to a point where I fell over the edge of ecstasy. I was cumming. Hard. My world exploded as I knew that I would never be the same. The drug of orgasm from my Master's cock had immediately addicted me to it. Without it, I knew I would never be satisfied or whole.

He held me there, him on top of me, his cock shrinking but still in me, as we caught our breaths. He kissed me again and smiled.

"Was that good?" he asked.

I swallowed and nodded, unsure of my voice.

"I enjoyed taking you." He said then added. "You are now mine."

"Yes, Master." I finally was able to say.

He stroked my face as tears trickled down my checks; I was sad, happy, alive! I felt everything at this moment and it was glorious. He continued to hold me, not saying much, just enjoying my body and I enjoyed him enjoying me.

We bathed together in a large bath. Two of the harem slaves came in to attend to us and wash us. It was the Russian twins. I wasn't sure if it was Petra or Paulina who washed me, but she did seem to spend a much longer time cleaning and scrubbing my pussy than what I thought was needed. She winked at me as I realized it. I blushed.

Freshly clean, the two harem slaves dismissed, I joined Master back in the golden bed. We snuggled together as I became aware that Master possessed an intimacy that I had never experienced before. At times I thought of him as giving me the love I once had from my father. At other times, he was playful like a cherished best friend, and then he would touch or kiss me and that left me no doubt that he was my lover. I fell in love with him that evening. He was my Master and I would have done anything for him before because I had to, now I would do anything he wished because I wanted to.

Soon he turned me over, continued to kiss me paying special attention to the back of my neck and shoulders. I shivered as my body warmed up yet again to his expert manipulations. His hands roamed all over me and soon rested on my ass. He kneaded my ass checks and slowly worked down to my anus. Taking some lube from the bed table, he greased up a finger and slowly worked it around my little chocolate star working me open slowly and lovingly. I tightened up back there as he spoke softly to me, telling me to relax, to open up. He pressed on my anus and worked a finger inside me. I could feel my heart beat around his finger as my muscles clenched it trying to break his finger off. Soon he was working it in and out of my ass. The sensations were more intense and painful than my pussy. A second finger entered my cave and I found by relaxing and trying to enjoy the feeling of fullness that it was not as painful as when he first inserted one finger. At some point, I don't remember when, I started to press against him as he thrust into me.

Soon I was ready for more, and I quickly figured out where his massive cock was headed. He got behind me and slowly placed his now hard cock at the entrance where his fingers had just vacated. I grunted as he bore down on me, slowly my body stretched to accommodate that thick head of his shaft. A flush of feeling and pain rushed into me as the head passed through my opening and my own muscles contracted pulling him deeper into me like a hungry animal with a tasty meal. I came again at that moment. The feelings were so intense. He settled me down allowing me to ride out my feelings before he started to thrust in and out of me. His sweat mingled with mine as he rode me with purpose. Our scents mixed together, the bath forgotten as a new smell, not of cleanliness, but of sex permeated the room.

He was big and I was in pain, but it felt so good as well. I was stuffed full of my Master and he was taking his pleasure from me. I came again as he thrust deep into me and deposited his seed into my ass. He had taken all three holes this evening. I was no longer a virgin for any one of my holes. I was truly his.

In the morning, Master told me I would accompany him to the dining room to eat breakfast with his guests. I bathed and got dressed in my harem slave outfit as Master passed on the plans to Clara who disappeared through the locked door to give instructions to the house slaves for breakfast. As Master escorted me out into the main room and through the door leading to the stairs, all the other harem slaves watched Master and I walk arm in arm past them. I glanced at Lucinda and saw a look of jealous fury on her face. She quickly regained her composure as to not alert the other slaves, but some of the others noticed and there were looks of recognition as they glanced at each other for confirmation. Something was brewing, I realized as this scene of Master taking one of his harem slaves to breakfast was not a common occurrence. I quickly tried to forget about Lucinda and focused on enjoying Master's company as we left the other harem slaves to stew, gossip and wonder in my absence.

ACCOMPANYING MASTER

Master pointed to me to sit at his right as he took a seat at the head of the long dining room table. There were guests already seated as we entered the room. A quick glance around and I recognized Sir Jon sitting on Master's left along with some other guests. I noticed that Jacinta stood on duty beside the wall, ready to serve the quests whatever their whims were. We locked eyes with one another for a moment as I sat down. A small smile flashed on her face then she went back to paying attention to the guests, pouring coffee for a particularly ugly old man who sat next to Sir Jon.

I sat mutely while I ate, taking in the conversations of the others with Master. No one asked me anything, in fact they mostly ignored me. If they wanted any female attention they would just beckon one of the house maids over and they play with them. The older ugly man turned out to be Russian. He had a very thick accent and seemed to be getting worked up about some sort of a schedule. Master and Sir Jon kept assuring him that everything was on track and that the schedule would hold.

"I certainly hope so for your sake," The Russian growled.

There was a pause as everyone turned to Master. Master's face was blank, cold and unreadable. He stared directly at the Russian for what seemed like a long time. Sir Jon tried to slowly back away from between these two, afraid of being caught in some sort of wild wets gunfight crossfire.

Master broke the uneasiness with a smile that diffused the tense situation.

"Andre," he laughed. "There's no need for hollow threats. We've assured you that the product will be on time."

Andre, the Russian, took a gulp of coffee and placed the cup back down on its saucer. He rose from the table.

"We shall see. For now, I think I've seen enough of your operation that I should go report back." He left the dining room. Master called Jacinta over.

"Ready his luggage, he will be leaving this morning."

Jacinta, bowed and left for Andre's room with her orders.

After breakfast, Master and Sir Jon excused themselves from the other guests and with me in tow as Master's eye candy we all adjourned to the library. I was told to sit on one of the far chaise lounges and to "Look pretty" as Master and Sir Jon spoke at the other end of the long walnut paneled room. I proceeded to strike sexy lounging poses, trying desperately to draw Master's attention and distract him form his business at hand.

Master and Sir Jon were involved in a somewhat heated discussion. I couldn't make out the words by knew that it had to do with the current business with Andre. Sir Jon seemed reluctant and Master had to do a lot of consoling to finally get Sir Jon to agree to whatever they had decided. Finally they hugged each other in that manly-friend way and Sir Jon left the library closing the door on his way out.

Master walked over to me. His face was dark with thought and concern. I gazed up at him in yet another sexy pose as he hovered over me.

"You little cheeky slut!" he exclaimed grabbing my wrist and yanking me up to my feat and into his arms.

"I know what you were doing with those sexy poses! Trying to distract me when I was doing business!"

I squeaked with excitement and a bit of fear. I was such a bad girl!
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top | Sir Semega's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Sir Semega's Page|   Mail |   Bottom
Life in the Harem
by Sir Semega
Copyright© 2008 by Sir Semega

Show Story Details
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
Continuation...

"I'll have to punish you for that!" he said and dropped down onto the chaise lounge and tossed me over his lap where he proceeded to give me a smart little spanking! I squealed in delight as the spanking didn't hurt but only helped excite me even more.

Soon his hand was running my red bum as the heat from the spanking ran through my body. His fingers snaked under my ass and touched my now wet pussy. I groaned as he started working my up to a fever frenzy.

Letting me go just before I came, I dropped to the floor on my knees and pulled out his hard cock. I immediately started sucking it and it grew even harder and larger. Soon he exploded into my mouth and I savored my dessert after breakfast.

I was a little disappointed when he dressed and got up, leaving me with no orgasm, but quickly I remembered my place and rose with him. The rest of the day seemed to follow that rhythm as Master proceeded with his daily business and was content to have me as his visual and well as physical entertainment. He never let me cum again that day.

We ate together alone at dinner. Andre did indeed fly out that morning, and so did Sir Jon later that day. All the other guests were free to take advantage of the harem slaves in the manor, and they did.

"I don't think I have explained what it is that I want from you," Master said while we ate. The meal was pheasant with new world potatoes and asparagus. Old slave Mildred was an excellent cook.

"No Master," I said.

He looked at me again, his eyes had a habit of changing intensity of blue based on his emotions. There were times like this morning with Andre when his eyes turned a cold sinister deadly blue, and other times while fucking me when the blue of his eyes was warmer, friendlier. His eyes took on that hue know.

"Harem slaves, are my slaves. They are the girls whom I have chosen to share my bed and my guests bed. They are girls of good breeding and quality. They have gained a certain latitude in trust and freedom. But you all are still my slaves."

I nodded silently to tell him I understood.

"Think of yourself and the others as companions. You are here to be seen, felt and tasted. You are here to make the men or women feel good. No perversion they want will be greeted with anything other than enthusiasm. My guests are here for a very special reason. Because of this they are allowed use of my choosing of harem slaves. Some I choose to lend out, others I do not."

"Right now, you are one that I choose to keep to myself. If I grow tired of you or any other the slaves, I sell you or give you away." He took a swig of his brandy, and his eyes turned cold again.

"Make sure I do not grow tired of you." He said ominously.

I swallowed and nodded again.

"There are times, when I will keep a slave overnight. There will have to be a certain amount of trust before that happens between us. Sometimes they accompany me on trips. The freedom allowed them during those times away from this compound can be very tempting. Do not be tempted. You belong to me, and if you fail me by doing something stupid, you will regret it for the remainder of your painful, long life."

The image of Master's first wife, in the shed still enduring tortures and pain over all these years brought the impact of Master's words home.

"I will not fail you Master." I said.

He smiled.

After dinner I was dismissed and told to return to the Harem slave quarters. Clara unlocked the door and let me in. The main room was empty and I soon discovered that save for Roxanne, all the other harem slaves where entertaining our guests for the evening.

"Well, well, well!" Roxanne said as I greeted her. "Looks like Master has a new favorite!"

I didn't understand at first, but soon realized that she was referring to the breakfast invite.

"You'd best steer clear of Lucinda, she was in a mood after seeing you two leave this morning!"

I nodded and excused myself to go to bed and get some sleep.

BECOMING A HAREM SLAVE

Over the next few weeks' things settled down into a rhythm. I spent a lot of time with Clara, who instructed me on the finer points of being a consort. Etiquette, manners, deportment and sexual training were drilled into me by Clara. I soaked everything in until my brain was full. She was very strict; carrying a riding crop she seemed to relish every mistake I made, correcting me with a few well placed swats with it.

The evenings were spent with Master as the other harem slaves told me that he seemed to have taken a shine to me. Master took me dining, and I also was attached to his arm whenever he entertained his revolving door of guests. On more than one occasion, the guests tried to buy me away from Master. He always politely refused, making me feel even more special.

The evenings out were times that I was expected to put my training in manners and deportment to good use. Usually, Clara would be somewhere in the vicinity, watching me like a hawk, making sure that I carried out her training to her perfection. My failure would also be her failure, and we both knew that Master could be a very harsh man.

I realized quickly that Master and Clara were conferring with each other on my lesson plan and that each evening was designed for me to practice my lessons while fresh in my mind. That carried over into the bedroom as well. Master would always be aware of whatever coaching Clara had given me that day on sexual training and he made sure to put that theory to practice. When Clara had me practice deep throating dildos, Master would then spend the evening with me kneeling between his legs taking his cock deep into my throat until my technique was perfect. The same went for anal training, massage, hand jobs, and kegels.

Two weeks later, the Doctor arrived back in the Manor. He came and went often. His job was to give everyone checkups and tend to any medical issues that were discovered. I had seen him outside the usual checkup only one time before, and I still got chills from remembering when I was a house slave cleaning the guests' rooms:

"The next room we entered, I was startled to find a man and a woman still in bed. The older silver haired man (the Doctor) beckoned us to come in and do our cleaning duties while he continued to pay attention to his guest.

She was a dark skinned woman, stretched out on the bed, face down. The covers and blankets had been pulled off the bed and lay in a heap at the foot of the bed. I went over to take them, and crouching down to gather them up, I discovered that the dark skinned girl on the bed, was actually shackled to the four corner posts of the wrought iron bed frame.

She was panting, moaning even. Her face inches from mine, as I caught a glimpse into her eyes, her face lying on its side. The eyes were dull, exhausted, in pain. I imagined for a moment that she had mouthed the words "Help me", but just then, the old grey haired man, slammed his hand down upon her, and her face scrunched up into a withered out moan.

"There, there," he softly caressed her. Her eyes rolled back into her skull, as the tender damaged skin was being manipulated by the man.

"We've taken all night playing, just to warm you up." He continued. Then hit her again. A deep moan emanated from within her, yet it never reached her mouth.

"We still have all weekend, for the main course!"

Oh my god! I thought. She had been like this all night, and it was only the prelude to his handiwork. I quickly pulled the sheets and covers up and took them to the pile near the door. Jacinta worked quickly, straightening up as best she could, all while this man, continued to strike the bound stretched out dark skinned girl on the bed. Her moans had turned guttural, animal.

I concentrated on the other side of the room, and came across a folding case. It was like a fishing tackle box, only this one was spread wide open with large stainless steel medical type instruments.

"You can leave that as it is," the voice startled me, as I pulled my hand away from it like from a hot fire. I turned around, saw him fully for the first time, and nodded in obedience. He had a gentle face, almost grandfatherly.

He sat in stark contrast to the dark skinned woman stretched to the limit in her bounds on the bed. His posture was of one with all the time and patience of the world, contrasted by the prostrate dark skinned girl, exhausted, and anxious to get the unpleasantness over and done with.

He stared humming a tune as he picked up a new instrument of torture. Adjusting it, he then proceeded to insert it into her rectum. The dark skinned girl tensed and strained at her bonds. A small whimper exited her pert mouth, along with a line of droll that added to the pool on the sheet under her head. We quickly finished up and left for the next room."

That was the Doctor.

This time he entered the Manor accompanied with his dark skinned slave. The whispering started immediately as Gretchen quickly filled me in.

"That's Rosa!" she said. "She was a harem slave before you. You replaced her, because the Doctor wanted her in lieu of payment. Master gave her to that sick bastard!"

This was indeed the very same girl I came across in that room long ago. Tied up and surgically tortured by the silver haired Doctor. Rosa looked to be a mix of African and Latin. She was all bundled up in a white silk sari. Only her head was visible. She seemed to walk with an extreme amount of pain, wincing every limping step she took. The Doctor was shown into one of the small rooms off the main room and began putting out his "tools". Rosa was allowed to visit with the rest of the Harem slaves and they huddled around her, hugging her and crying. Rosa seemed to be a broken shell. Her eyes had a far away look of terror in them, and each hug brought out small yips of pain from her. The other girls sat her down and began examining her through the sari. Her entire body was scarred from what seemed to be extensive surgeries. Gasping in horror, the slaves begged her to tell them what happened. Rosa told us her story while the Doctor would call each of us in to the room to give us an examination.

ROSA'S STORY

"The doctor had always liked me," she told us.

"Every visit here, he would request me. Each time he had me, he would inflict worse and worse pain on my body. It got to the point where I begged Master to not allow the Doctor to request me. I was so afraid of him. He would cut me, and stitch me up. He called it "practicing" since his hands were shaky now, no real hospital would allow him to practice medicine."

"What did Master say?" asked Petra.

Rosa sniffled. "He refused my request. He told me that the Doctor was a very important client and guest and he was much needed. If the price to keep him happy was one lowly harem slave, then he was willing to pay that price."

"The Doctor at the end of each visit with me would wrap my wounds and give me some pain medication. Just before leaving he would always taunt me by saying he was going to up his price to Master. The payment would be me. He always threatened that he would take me for his very own at the end of each visit. He would terrify me with tales of his home and his surgical room. The pain medications would knock me out, but I would have nightmares which I could never wake up from."

The girls moved closer to her and hugged her. They gave her as much love as they had to offer. It was clear that Rosa no longer experienced intimacy and love.

"As you know, Master finally agreed to the Doctor's price and he had the most evil smile on his face that day when he came to take me home. He told me that I was now his and he fastened this steel collar around my neck and attached a leash and dragged me away from here, onto the plane and back to his home."

"His place is a house of horror. I am kept locked in a cell in the basement next to his surgical room. He's done..." she drifted off at this point. Tears flowed from her eyes as she tried to block out the memories that she still was living.

" ... horrible things to me. He's changed me ... inside. He's gone inside me and altered me, cut things out of me, changed my plumbing ... he calls it experimenting, testing his theories, all in the name of science..." her face turned cold and her eyes lost focus as she stared at some far off point.

The girls tried to get her to take off her sari to show them his damage. But she refused. She wanted us to remember how she looked before...

The Doctor finished his exams and headed off to other areas of the estate to tend to the other slaves: the house slaves, the kennel slaves and also "the Failure" slave. He took Rosa with him as she followed behind him. She gave us one last look before she left. It was a look of hopelessness. She was nothing now but a slave, chattel for her owner to do as he pleased. It was a look that terrified all of us. We were all glad that it was Rosa that the Doctor fancied and not one of us.

LUCINDA

Over time, I noticed that Lucinda became more and more distant from the rest of us. She was especially cold to me. I had become exclusive to Master as he seemed to prefer me to any of the other harem slaves. Lucinda seemed to take this as a threat as she hardly addressed me at all. The others, seeing that Master had chosen me, started to defer to me on matters. I found that I was allowed first servings of food and other pleasures that were provided to us, before the other helped themselves.

I was included in most discussions and disagreements as the other slaves wanted my opinion on matters, whether it was clothing choice, or sleeping arrangements. Even Clara was more of an equal now rather than a mentor or den-mother.

Lucinda, meanwhile was off by herself. She always poised herself as someone above the others. But when I looked into her eyes, I could see she was deep in thought, trying to figure out an unsolvable puzzle.

About this time, I noticed that Sir Jon had been back from his last dealings and he seemed to have taken an interest in Lucinda. She was now invited to the same dinners and events by Sir Jon as his escort as I was for Master. I observed the two of them in a lot of discussions when we all had retired to the sitting room after dinner for drinks and socializing. Often times the other harem slaves were invited down and orgies would happen as the guests had their pick of the slave girls except for Lucinda and me, as we were spoken for by Sir Jon and Master.

The house slaves would have their work cut out for them cleaning up the sticky stained leather furniture as guests would take the harem slave girls, fucking them in all holes and spewing their seed all over them. The slaves would gladly enjoy it as Master allowed the guests to take whatever pleasure they wished from his slaves.

Petra and Paulina would always be paired up with each other seeing as they were twins, and the guests would take both of them together, making them do every sexual act they could come up with. One time a short fat guest had the twins kneel before him and each beg to suck his fat short cock which mirrored his body shape. When he would finally relent for one of them, he had the other slave continue to beg until he would switch them off. Each would gasp and drool over his manhood, they were very good at what they did: pleasing their man! Soon, he fired his cum all over their faces and then had them both lick his cum off each others face. That satisfied him and he soon passed out in his chair, leaving the twins grateful for the low stamina of aging guests.

Gretchen always played the little school girl that would have to be spanked by daddy. She played the part perfectly as she would prance around with a spunky attitude and then would sulk and pout when daddy became stern. Her tight white cotton panties would always be ripped off her and her ass always seemed to be tender from all the attention it received by the many angry daddies. Her pigtails had a way of making her daddy prefer blowjobs from her rather than straight sex. They just couldn't get enough of grabbing a hold of those pigtails and face fuck her.

Most of the times the orgies were very predicable. Gretchen played her school girl part, the twins were always together, Roxanne as being the black girl was always fucked in the ass, Quan-Yi was tied up and fucked and Barbie tended to become the blonde slut passed around and sampled by everyone. Lucinda and myself were saved these roles as we where attached to Sir Jon and Master. I spent most of my time sitting with Master as co-host while he oversaw that nothing went wrong and that his guests were having a good time. He would occasionally finger me and stroke me, keeping my fires stoked and he would ravish me afterwards when we retired to his bedroom. Sir Jon and Lucinda would always excuse themselves and retire to his bedroom for the evening. She would often spend the night with him.

CHANGE

Master had to go on a special trip. He was meeting a new client that Sir Jon had met and arranged to do business with. Sir Jon had insisted that the new client would only agree to do business if Master traveled out and met with them personally. Master decided to take me with him.

"Think of this as a reward for how well you have done as harem slave and how proud I am of you." He said as he kissed me. My knees buckled as his kisses always had that affect on me.

The plane flew for a few hours before touching down on a dirt runway in the middle of a jungle. When we got out, we were greeted by a small contingent of black men. They all seemed to be carrying machine guns. Master, his two bodyguards and I were escorted into a Range Rover and we then drove off to a compound several miles up in the mountains.

The compound was fenced in with razor wire, with a small band of armed men who guarded the area. Once inside the gate was closed and we exited the vehicle. Off to the side I could see kennels very much like the ones Master owned only these were not as well built. Made of wood and wire they were filled with black men and women who were morning their fate with moans and sighs.

The bodyguards flanked us as Master and I walked towards the main building. We were greeted by a large heavyset black man who was wearing a general's uniform.

"Greetings!" he said as he offered his hand to Master. They shook and we all entered the house. Once inside his office, the body guards stayed off to the sides and I tried to sit away from the action as Master and the General would surely be talking business.

The General ordered some tea be brought in and then began discussing business terms with Master. They were talking money and figures as the General was interested in moving his stock on a monthly basis. It seemed that war in his country produced a limitless stock of product that he was eager to sell to someone with the connections and pull that Master had.

Quickly they began to disagree as Master quoted him one price and the General balked at it.

"I was quoted 100." The General boomed.

Master remained calm. "I couldn't possibly do 100. 85 is a fair price and is more than generous."

The General became agitated.

"I will not just give them away. You insult me with your offer. You're associate assured me that the price would be 100!"

Master paused for a moment. He had a funny look on his face then answered.

"My associate knows better than to offer a price I will not pay."

The General smiled as the group of servants brought in the tea to serve them.

"Then perhaps your associate knows something you don't know!" he menaced and nodded to his servants.

The servants produced machetes and quickly chopped at the throats of the two bodyguards, catching them unaware. The choking as the surprised bodyguards slumped to the floor bleeding out on it was the last sounds uttered from them.

I screamed as the sight of the gushing blood and the sudden violence overwhelmed my senses. One of the servants grabbed me and thrust the blade to my throat. The other two servants grabbed a hold of Master.

"What the fuck is this?" Master yelled. He struggled but the servants held firm.

The General stood up from his desk and strode around to Master.

"It seems your associate thinks he can do business better than you!" he said.

"He set up this meeting to get rid of you. It seems he's tired of being the lackey..."

Master struggled again but realized he could not break free.

"Sir Jon and I will be doing business for a long time, I think, especially at the agreed upon price of 100, not 85!"

Master was silent.

"Don't worry," the General smiled. It was a toothy grin, like a shark. "Sir Jon has plans for the two of you. Guards! Take them away!"

The guards who had been disguised as servants manhandled us away and into a cell. They locked the door and left us alone.

I sobbed and held onto Master as this turn of events scared me. I had no idea where we were, and now we were prisoners of some diabolical slave dealer. Sir Jon had deceived Master and was taking over his business, and Master faced a fate worse than death. I too had an uncertain future as Master's consort.

Master shushed me and placed me on the single cot. He looked around to make sure we were not being monitored then he took his shirt off. He pulled at a bandage attached to his underarm.

"What are you..." I asked.

He shushed me and continued working at the scab of skin. I had noticed the bandage before, but had never wondered what type of wound it was.

Master peeled away the flap of skin and revealed a small pocket embedded into his body. He pulled out a small phone that had been hidden there. He flipped it open and quickly punched in a number. He waited a moment.

"Yeah, it's me." He whispered into the phone. "Code red! It was a set up. I need an out. Do not trust Sir Jon. He is the enemy now." He waited for a reply and then flipped the phone closed and placed it back into his body.

"Help me get this sealed and the bandage back on." He asked me. I worked with him on resealing the flap of skin. It was self sealing, like Velcro, and once back in place, it looked like an old scar. He had me reapply the bandage and then he put his shirt back on.

I looked at his for an explanation. He smiled. "This was a present from the Doctor. He has a variety of unique applications that he has worked to perfection from his various experiments. He implanted me with this a few years ago in case of an emergency. No one but the Doctor and now you knows."

I nodded. "What's going to happen to us?" I asked.

His face turned grim. "I always have a contingency plan to get me out of sticky situations like this. I'm very good at my job and this is one of the reasons why. Hopefully help will come soon and we can make it out of here. After that ... well, I will just have to deal with Sir Jon."

The way he said that last bit made me feel sorry for Sir Jon. I'm sure Master would have something evil in mind for Sir Jon and I was sickly keen to discover what that would be.

An hour later, two men dragged Master out of the cell and took him away. I was left alone in the cell for what seemed like the rest of the day. When evening came, Master was brought back into the cell. His clothes were ripped and blood covered most of his body. They dropped him on the floor and after leaving, I helped him to the cot. They had tortured him.

I tried to clean him up as best as possible. He was semi-conscious and in a lot of pain. They had removed some of his teeth. His mouth was bloody and he spit blood. His left hand had been broken and he muttered to me about resetting the bones. He walked me through it in gasps as I slowly pulled the bones back into place. He screamed each time, passing out only to be revived by me for the next set of instructions. I had tears in my eyes at the pain I was causing my Master.

I wrapped his hand as best I could with a strip from my dress and cuddled with him as he tried to sleep. I was afraid of what would happen next. Master has said help was on the way, but so far nothing had happened.

In the middle of the night the door to our cell opened quietly. A man slunk in and nudged us awake. "Stay quiet!" he whispered. "I am a friend!"

He led us out of the cell and down a maze of corridors till we reached the outside. There was a hole in the fence that he led us through and then we were free and in the jungle.

Kinja, was his name. He guided us slowly through the thick undergrowth of the jungle. We travelled slowly as Master was barely conscious from the torture he had endured. I was not dressed for a trek through the jungle. My short sundress was in tatters, and my heels had long been abandoned as I tripped over the sharp branches and ground as he found a small game trail.

Kinja urged us to continue on. Soon it would be light out and our escape would be discovered. "The General will have every soldier out looking for us!" he exclaimed. Getting caught was not something Kinja was eager to have happen.

As dawn began to get stronger, Kinja led us down a new path where we came across a green Range Rover with some men waiting for us. He called out to them and they hurried over and helped carry Master and myself to the vehicle. They loaded us in and Kinja bade us farewell. I thanked him profusely as Master was no longer conscious.

We rode in the vehicle for a few hours along the bumpy dirt rode until we came to a small clearing. There in the clearing was a helicopter waiting for us. Master certainly knew how to plan for eventualities!

We were loaded onto the helicopter and an Arab pilot buckled us in and flew us out of the jungle. I stayed awake, watching over Master, and also making sure that the pilot was on our side.

The landscape began to change, from dense forest, to light trees, to savanna to finally desert. We were in the air for most of the day. Finally we were out to sea. I asked the pilot if he had enough fuel, and he nodded. I continued to attend to Master's wounds and before long I could see we were headed to an island. As the island grew larger, I realized that it was the same island slave fortress that I had visited with Master a while ago as a house slave.

We touched down and there was a vehicle waiting to take us up to the castle. Once inside a medic pushed me away and started working on Master. He was wheeled to a small infirmary and the medic proceeded to patch him up. He turned to me, "Nice work attending to his wounds, you've saved me a lot of work!" he complimented me.

"Will he be okay?" I asked.

The medic nodded, and I slumped down with relief.

RECOVERY

That evening, as I slept in the chair beside the bed of my Master in the infirmary, our host visited Master and woke me up. He was tall and dark, with a very close cropped beard. His eyes had deep set circles which showed him to be much older than on first impression.

"I hear he will survive?" He said as I stretched out the tightness in my shoulders and neck.

"Yes," I said, not knowing what else to say.

He looked at me and smiled. "I am called Darabi, as you probably know, this is my place here."

He extended a courteous hand to me and I grasped it.

"Thank you for saving us," I said.

He shrugged and looked at my Master's sleeping bruised body in bed.

"He was my protégé. I taught him many things. He is like a son to me..." His face turned hard, he seemed to be trying to hold back a tear. He composed himself and turned to me.

"I have a room for you to rest, please come with me."

I was torn. I wanted to stay with my Master, but it seemed like he was in safe good hands here. Reading my mind Darabi said, "He is safe and we will make sure he is unharmed."

I reluctantly followed Darabi to a small room just down the hall from the infirmary. The room was modest and Spartan, a bed a chair and a desk. It did have the luxury of a window that looked out into the plaza where I had long ago wrestled the other slave girl in a match to entertain the other slave masters.

Just before he left he informed me that some food would be coming up soon. I was to eat and get some sleep. I would be allowed to travel back and forth from my room to the infirmary, but I was not to go exploring anywhere else. I nodded my understanding.

"You have done well slave." He told me as he was leaving. "Your Master has mentioned you to me and thinks very highly of you. He saw potential in you. I think you have shown us all something these last few days."

Potential? I was a little taken aback by his words. I knew that Master had singled me out but I was not aware of him mentioning me to anyone, especially his mentor. I was very glad for the praise, and I was very happy to be safe, for the time being.

I looked around the room and wondered if this room would be where I stayed for the rest of my life. Sir Jon had made his move and he certainly would have made the Duquette Estate inhospitable to Master. I wondered how the other slaves would take this turn of events? How would Gretchen and Petra and Paulina and Roxanne react? How would Lucinda?

Lucinda...

Surely she would profit from this? I thought about all the attention she paid to Sir Jon recently. Could she have been involved in this coup? They had many long discussions and certainly plenty of time to plan things recently. Could she have helped orchestrate this? She certainly acted like she would have something to gain.

I thought about how recently my status with Master had usurped her status as first slave. Lucinda had always been power hungry. She was always a step ahead of everyone else. The more I thought about this, the more I was convinced that Lucinda might very well be the brains behind Sir Jon's brawn. Sir Jon had been with Master all their lives. If he had not tried anything like this before now, he most certainly would not have come up with this idea by himself!

I got excited as the food arrived and I ate quickly. I could hardly wait to tell Master when he woke up about my suspicions! I found sleep to be difficult as I tossed and turned on the bed until the sky brightened with the coming dawn.

Master regained consciousness the following evening. I was right there by his side when his eyes flickered open. The medics had been able to patch him up fairly well save for the teeth. He would have to see a dentist to replace them.

"Master!" I cried out as I hugged him. I started crying. He smiled weakly and tried to return my embrace. It took me a few moments to realize I was hurting him with my weight and I slid off him chagrined.

He looked around and smiled. He was safe. He turned to me. "How are you doing?" he asked me. Here he was in pain and agony in bed and his first words were concern for his slave.

I blushed. "I am fine Master, I am unharmed."

He stroked my cheek, wiping my tears away.

"Did anyone take you?" he asked. He meant sexually.

"No Master, I was untouched. They left me in the cell while they tortured you."

At the word of torture, Master flashed a pained look.

"I'm a callous sadistic bastard and I have done my fair share of torturing people, even for my own pleasure..." he said. "But having it done to me ... I'm not so sure I enjoy it." He stared far off out the window at the sky. We were silent for a while. I stayed kneeling beside his bed.

The following morning, after I had served Master his breakfast, I proceeded to explain to him my suspicions of Lucinda. He was very quiet while he listened.

"I think you may be right," he finally said after I had finished. "Sir Jon has been acting differently for sometime now, ever since we had that run in with the Russians. His reasons for meeting our new client just seemed so out of character for him."

He seemed to be speaking to himself more than to me, his slave, as he verbally working the progression of events out in his mind.

"He never has found clients ... he has always followed orders and done what was asked of him ... he never showed initiative. Now he comes up with a client? I had to meet personally with them? Very fishy. I was suspicious ... Lucky I had a plan. What does he think he can do? I have the contacts. They trust me. He doesn't even know them."

I piped in. "Surely Sir Jon would know that? He couldn't possibly think he could take over your business."

"No," he said still thinking. "Lucinda on the other hand is graceful enough to convince Sir Jon that he is better off than he thought he was..."

At this point, Master was getting worked up. He turned to me and grabbed my neck. He pulled back his bed sheet exposing his cock to the stifling hot air. Knowing what to do, I latched onto his growing cock with my mouth and started sucking him as Master continued to mutter to himself in deep thought. His cock grew rock hard. I was pleased that the torturers had not thought to damage him down there as I would certainly be taking pleasure from his tool very soon!

"Could anyone else be involved?" He asked himself.

"Lady Martha? She certainly wants more money ... no ... she would not make a move like this..."

I continued to suck and lick his sweaty cock and balls. Soon he tensed and erupted into my mouth. His salty stickiness was quickly swallowed as I again clamped down on his cock with my warm wet mouth.

Just then Darabi entered the room. I paused for a moment, mid stroke, until Master tapped me on my head to continue my attention to his manhood.

Darabi took a seat behind me and out of view. I concentrated on Master's cock.

"How are you, my son?" Darabi asked.

"I'll survive." Master said.

"It seems like you always do!" Darabi said. I'm sure he had a smirk on his face when he said that!

"Any news?" master asked.

"I have heard from a competitor that Sir Jon has contacted them and made an offer to do business in your name."

Master laughed. "Who?"

"The Japanese." Darabi said.

There was silence as I continued to suck Master. His cock was growing harder still, a good sign that he was excited again. Perhaps he would cum again!

"That's not good." Said Master. "They'll eat him alive."

"Perhaps," said Darabi. "That would be a good thing for you?"

Master Grunted. "He'll fuck up my whole product and will wind up being a slave himself if he gets in with them. Everything I have built will be wasted."

Darabi made a long sigh. "Maybe it's time for you to retire. You've had a good run. Perhaps it's time to move on..."

Master was quiet for a spell. I thought that he was going to climax, but at the mention of retirement, his cock had deflated. I knew that his orgasm would be hard to come by now. I continued to lovingly suck and lick him.

"I must point out that you have excellent taste in slaves." Darabi finally said. "She has performed very well the entire time you have been here. I think she truly feels something for you. It is rare to see this kind of devotion in anyone, let alone a slave."

I was thrilled to hear Darabi say those kind words about me to Master.

He scratched the back of my ear like an owner that showed affection to his dog. "I am very proud of Calista. She has performed admirably throughout this whole ordeal. She is someone I can trust, unlike some of my other slaves."

I felt so proud to be Master's slave!

"We've all tried to buy her from you." Darabi said. "But you must have known that she was special. No amount of money would part her from you!"

Master grunted his affirmation. Just then his cock shot out jets of cum into my mouth. It was unexpected and I gagged a little before swallowing it all down. Master released me from my cock and I knelt again beside him and the bed.

REST AND RECOVERY

Master recovered rather quickly. He had a mission now. He had to reclaim his business, his livelihood, and he had to deal with Sir Jon. A week had passed and after a dentist was able to replace his teeth with new ones, Master started looking better than he had been.

During this time, I was still Master's slave. I attended to all his needs and was quite happy to be of assistance whenever and wherever he needed. Master and Darabi usually were in conference most of the days. They locked themselves away planning and dealing with issues. I was never privy to the conversations, but Master did speak with me on some of the topics. He seemed genuinely interested in my opinions. It was the first time that I could remember anyone asking me!

He was interested in my observations of the other slaves. How was their attitude towards Lucinda? What did they think of Sir Jon? Had Sir Jon been attentive to any other slaves in particular? Had I heard of any slaves speaking about Sir Jon or Lucinda?

I did my best to try to convey my insight as to the other slaves. I was very sure that Lucinda was more feared than respected. There was no love for her from any of the other slaves, as Lucinda always made sure to not create friendships with anyone else. There was a time when I thought that Lucinda had befriended me, but upon rethinking her actions, I concluded that she had always seen me as a threat and had taken measures to be close to me and watch me.

Master always ended our conversations with gentle praise for me. He seemed to be impressed with my answers and I was glad that I had pleased and surprised my Master. He would reward me with a good fucking. Day by day, I could feel his stamina and strength return as he would push me to orgasm and orgasm. Master indeed was improving!

By the end of the week we had a visitor. It was Lady Martha, Master's second wife. In tow was the slave Jasmine, the Arab girl I had trained as first my replacement as greeter while we were kennel slaves, then as a house slave. She had been taken by Lady Martha during her last visit to Duqutte Estate to be her latest "toy".

I was giddy with joy as Master allowed Jasmine to stay with me in my slave quarters during their stay. We were able to catch each other up on what had happened after she had been taken by Lady Martha. I told her about Sir Jon and Lucinda, and Jasmine relayed to me her story.

JASMINE'S STORY

Lady Martha had taken Jasmine back to her small home. Small home to Lady Martha was still a large ranch with many acres of land.

"It's like a smaller version of Duquette Estate," said Jasmine. "She is business partners with Master."

This I knew to be true since it was Lady Martha that had purchased me from my step mother and I had spent weeks at the ranch learning etiquette and service before I was ready to be shipped to Duquette Estate.

"She has a small stable of slaves, many of which are farm hands that tend to her fields and livestock." Jasmine said.

"I was taken into the house and bunked with a male slave. The two of us were to be Lady Martha's personal slaves. We were to see to her needs."

I took that to be sexual as well.

"What about the male?" I asked.

"His name is Todd. Lady Martha enjoys that name and would call for him all the time. She keeps him locked up ... like you were ... so that he cannot attend to his sexual desires or go sniffing around to other females."

I blushed, thinking about my time of great frustration when I was locked in the chastity belt for my own safekeeping.

"As Lady Martha's personal female slave, she gave me authority over slave Todd as well. I would not be able to unlock him, but he was instructed to do my bidding as well as Lady Martha's bidding. That included him pleasuring me, which I took advantage of on a nightly basis, when Lady Martha was not utilizing his talents!"

I smiled as I saw that she had enjoyed the power over him.

"I found that I could be very demanding!" she giggled.

"I helped her daily as she trained and prepared product for transportation or sale. She would go away for a time and come back with more slaves. Usually one or two at a time."

I knew that Lady Martha, like Sir Jon, were small time traders. Master had a number of contacts in the world that would gather a few slaves here and there and then ship them to him for mass processing.

She continued.

"Then last week the ranch was on lockdown. An emergency occurred and everyone was locked away including us for the day. Lady Martha was frantic and concerned. Later we found out that Master had been killed and that Sir Jon had taken over the business. He was running things now. Lady Martha was not happy."

We had been sitting next to each other in an embrace during her story and now we clung even closer.

"Sir Jon visited the ranch. Along with him was Lucinda! Lady Martha was furious when Sir Jon told her to treat Lucinda as an equal. Lucinda had a knowing smile on her face, as Lady Martha swallowed her pride and asked Lucinda to join Sir Jon and her for tea. Slave Todd and I served them and each time I faced Lucinda, she would smile like a cat that had just eaten a canary."

"The conversation got very heated as Sir Jon started threatening Lady Martha if she didn't continue to do business with him at a reduced rate. Lady Martha finally differed and was able to convince Sir Jon that they had a deal. They rose to leave and Lucinda took me away from them. When we were away from anyone able to listen, she whispered to me, 'Learn all you can about the business from that hag. She can be replaced by you if you're up to it and are willing to pledge your loyalty to me.' She told me."

"I turned to her and corrected her that I should be pledging my loyalty to Sir Jon, not her. She smiled and leaned towards me and said that my loyalty would be to her, certainly not Sir Jon. This would be between the two of us!"

A chill ran down my spine as I realized that Lucinda had her sights set on the entire business, not just as Sir Jon's partner. The poor bastard didn't realize what a snake he had gotten into bed with!

Jasmine continued.

"I said nothing to Lady Martha until the following morning when she discovered that Master was still alive and safe here. That was when I told Lady Martha everything Lucinda had told me. She then made arrangements to travel here to see Master and have me relay my story to him."

I was shocked. Lucinda seemed to be playing everyone. She had such a devious and driven mind!

"Now," Jasmine said as she stroked my chin. "We have a little time before I am to meet with Master, perhaps we can ease some of our worries and tension by..."

We embraced and kissed. He soft hands touched me in ways that Master hadn't or couldn't. I let her pleasure me and take me as we fell down into the bed for some passion.

DISCOVERED

Lady Martha and Jasmine left the following day to return back to the ranch. Master had a plan and made sure that Lady Martha continued like everything was normal and honor her deal with Sir Jon.

That evening, Master took me to a room down in the lower levels of the fortress. As we got deeper and deeper, my stomach started to tighten with fear. Where was he taking me? Why was this a secret?

He stopped at one door and unlocked the heavy oak door and took me inside. He closed the door and locked it. It was cold and damp. It was dark until he lit a few oil lamps. This part of the building had no electricity.

My eyes got accustomed to the dark and I was able to discern heavy furniture that turned into torture devices. My fear gripped me again as I looked into the cold eyes of Master.

"Master?" I asked him.

He took my wrist and locked me to the pole. He took my other wrist and joined the first over my head. Tearing my clothes off, I stood naked and exposed in front of him. My flesh raised as the damp cold hit my skin.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top | Sir Semega's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Sir Semega's Page|   Mail |   Bottom
Life in the Harem
by Sir Semega
Copyright© 2008 by Sir Semega

Show Story Details
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
Continuation...

"I am very displeased!" he yelled. His voice broke though to me. I had always seen Master calm and cold. Now he was angry and his rage was boiling over. I scared me. It scared the shit out of me.

"Who the FUCK, gave you permission to fuck that slave?" he screamed.

Slave? Who? Jasmine? Oh shit!

Tears formed in my eyes as I realized that I had had sex with someone without Master's permission.

"Answer me, cunt!" He yelled. His voice cut me each time he spoke.

I sobbed. "No one, Master ... it just happened..."

My hands were numb as the blood had drained out of them by being cuffed over my head.

"Are you not flagged?" he screamed.

"Have I allowed you to fuck anyone else? Have I given you to anyone else?"

"No Master." I sobbed. I had fucked up, big time.

He slapped my face. My cheek burned from the blow.

"So," he continued. "How did you come to think that fucking that little slave cunt would be okay?"

He grabbed my hair and roughly turned me to face the pole. This exposed my backside.

He grabbed something off the wall, I couldn't tell what it was until the whip came crashing down on my backside. I howled with pain.

"I wanted you for myself." He told me as he continued to rain blows upon me.

"I have given you a lot of latitude and this is how you repay me? You sneak around into the arms of your former student?"

I sobbed and screamed through the pain.

He stopped for a moment, dropped the whip and turned me to face him. He was in my face as he growled the next words.

"I trusted you, slave. There was something there between us. I could feel it, but I guess I was wrong ... I had plans for you, oh you had no idea..."

I sobbed and tried to say I was sorry. My body ached. I had taken worse punishments than this, but the words Master had said, hurt me like nothing had before. I was in agony and just wanted to die.

He unlocked the door, leaving me chained to the pole. He turned to me before leaving.

"Think about what you have done, SLAVE."

"Think of your actions. Right now, my most trusted associate has betrayed me, tried to kill me. Others are vying for control. I don't know who I can trust. And now you do this. I had trusted you, but now..."

He locked the door behind him as I wailed in pain and horror. What had I done? What had I done?

AGONY

I stood there all night. I had long since cried myself out till I was dehydrated. Over and over again I tried to think of why I had allowed Jasmine to seduce me. Emotionally we had comforted each other. It started with our hug and then she took over and I didn't stop her. Nowhere in my mind did I think that what I was doing was wrong. At that moment, Master was not even in my mind. I had forgotten him. I had taken him for granted. But he knew! He knows everything! I didn't even have the common sense to realize that I had done wrong until he took me down here and confronted me. It was only then that I knew that I was in trouble.

I had broken the trust between Master and I. When everyone else had betrayed him, I was the one that helped him survive. I nursed him during the imprisonment and the escape. I stayed with him during his recovery, refusing to rest until he was safe.

He had even started coming to me for advice. I knew he started to think of me as more that just a slave to be chained up and broken. He had trusted me. Perhaps he had trusted me like no one else before. He had shown me his trust. That trust, that I had never in my life ever experienced. My father never gave it to me, my step mother and step sisters never did either.

That trust was something foreign to me. I had never known it. I never realized what it was until now. But now I had taken it away with my actions. I was a fool, a stupid fool. If my hands were free, I feared that I would have done myself harm in my anguish. I stopped myself from thinking that as I realized that I didn't even have that right. I was a slave, and taking my life or harming me was something I was not allowed to do. This was Master's body. I was his property. I had no right to harm his property.

I started crying again. I wailed with all my might. The sound must have echoed throughout the fortress halls. I remembered the first night I had stayed here, and I remembered hearing a similar wail coming from the depths of the fortress. Now it was coming from me.

I didn't realize it was morning when a man came into the cell and released me from the pole. I slumped to the ground and he tossed me a rag of a dress to wear. Once I had put the harsh cloth on, he took me out of the cell and down the corridor to the slave's quarters. Here I was pushed into my own cell. Surrounded by other cells, I realized that I was in the kennels. The other miserable slaves where dirty and wretched, awaiting their fate. I was now one of them, awaiting my fate. It was out of my control now. Master would decide what my life from this point would be.

I stayed in that cell for days. I was fed gruel and water like the other slaves. Some of them tried to engage me in conversation. They wanted to know what I knew about this place. I never spoke to them. A slave's duty was to do, not speculate. Somewhere down the line, I had fallen out of my slave mentality. I had taken liberties and the pain I now experienced was the realization that this slave had thought that she was something more than a slave. Stupid silly me.

One day I was led out of the cage and brought to a simple room. Master came into the room and sat down on the only chair. I stood, in my rough tattered dress. I was unable to meet his eyes. I did the only thing I wanted to do. I dropped to the floor and hugged his legs. Prostrated, I begged him to accept my apology. I was sorrier for breaking his trust than for anything else in my life. I told him I understood now that I had taken his trust in me and shattered it.

"I'm ready to accept my punishment and fate. I am your slave and you have every right to do as you wish, but I beg you to forgive me. I made a mistake and didn't realize it. I took you for granted. Whip me, torture me, kill me, but I can't bear you not forgiving me. It has hurt me deeper than any cut or wound!"

Master looked down at me. He had not said a word.

"How can I trust you?" he asked me.

I didn't know how to answer that.

"Master, I have always done everything you have asked of me. I will continue to now. I didn't take into account that I was for you only. Jasmine seduced me, but I did not stop her. In that moment, we were both emotional and we comforted each other. I don't ask you to trust me again, I have broken that trust. I just ask forgiveness for my lack of awareness."

Master was quiet. He stood and disentangled himself from my grasp. "You will stay here for now." He said and left the room. I curled up in a ball on the floor and cried.

I didn't see Master again for quite some time. I was miserable. My whipping had healed but inside my heart was broken. I felt pain for what I had done to Master. I had broken his trust. Now I was resigned to accept my punishment. The fear of what ever Master inflicted upon me was gone. I was his slave and I resolved myself to do whatever he asked of me.

One day my door was unlocked and opened. A man escorted me out of the room and led me to Darabi's office. Inside were both Darabi and Master! My face lit up at seeing him. He in turn just looked grimly at me. My eyes lowered and my face flushed red.

"Kneel!" Master ordered.

I rushed in front of him and knelt before him. I should have just dropped to my knees where I stood, but I needed to be close to my Master. I could smell his musky scent. I had missed it. I breathed it in with my very being.

"We have been speaking," Master informed me. "Darabi and I have been working on a plan. Part of it might involve you."

I was curious and accepting.

"I will do whatever my Master wishes." I said.

He looked at me. He reached out and grabbed my chin and twisted my face upwards so that I could stare into his eyes. His blue eyes. His thawing blue eyes.

"You displeased me, slave, when you forgot your status. You broke my trust. The reason you haven't been flayed alive is that you have proven yourself in the past to be a very valuable asset to me."

"Yes, Master. I'm sorry Master." I said.

"I am willing to give you a chance to regain my trust, if you still wish to..." he said.

I jumped at the chance, grabbing his legs. "Yes Master! Anything! I am yours to command!"

Master shook his head.

"Don't be too hasty, slave." He said. "I am giving you a choice. It is rare that any slave receives a choice. Savor it. Think about it, then decide. You have a brain in there. I know you do. Use it."

I nodded and waited for this "choice".

"I need someone back at the Estate. I need an insider. Someone I can trust. That someone is you."

How was I going to get back into the Estate? Lucinda knows I'm a threat.

"You will be presented to Sir Jon by Lady Martha as a good faith prize. She will give you to him as a sign that she will do business with him. Your Master, me, is now dead. I died from the wounds of my torture. Darabi has sold you back to Lady Martha and she has secured you for Sir Jon. Word is already being spread that I am dead, so your story will just reinforce what he will already suspect."

"Once inside, you will have several tasks. First, you must determine who is loyal to me. Anyone who is not will have to be dealt with."

I was shocked. Did he mean I was to kill them?

"You will gather names for me, for when I regain control again. Three nights from when you arrive, you will disable the defense systems and sensors in the south east corner of the estate. That is called Briarwood. I will give you the access codes and the directions for you to memorize. Once they are disabled, I will come back in and reclaim control. You will simply stay out of harm and wait for it to be safe."

He looked at me. "Think carefully slave. You are safe here. There can be other ways you might be able to regain my trust in time. You showed bad judgment. That can be forgiven. You take on this mission and you will be exposed to all sorts of dangers that I cannot protect you from."

I pondered the mission and choice for a moment, but knew in my heart that I could refuse my Master nothing.

"Without my Master's trust, I am nothing. This slave worships you Master. She has done you a disservice and now must regain your trust back. She accepts the mission and will not fail you again."

I bent down and kissed his feet. My penance was decided. I would gladly do it.

Master smiled. His eyes had softened. I could read his thoughts at that moment as the pride showed from within him. 'I knew you would!'

THE TROJAN HORSE

I was naked in front of Sir Jon. He examined me as Lady Martha stood back with a smile. Lucinda was in shock and had no words. She had not foreseen this event occurring.

"She is in good shape, unharmed." Lady Martha told him.

"I was able to secure her after her Master perished. She was quite expensive, as they did not wish to give her up."

Sir Jon nodded. He seemed to be savoring the moment.

"I hope this gift to you means we can put aside our differences and start doing business?" Lady Martha confirmed.

Lucinda regained her wits. "Bah! Kill her and be done with her!" She said.

Sir Jon shook his head.

"It would be a waste of this precious product. I'm sure I can find uses for her..."

Lucinda glowered. I'm sure she knew exactly what type of uses Sir Jon could find with me! Her jealousy was rearing its ugly head!

"Tell me," said Lucinda. "What happened to your Master?"

I swallowed and prepared my speech.

I looked away from her and looked at Sir Jon.

"My Master died at the fortress from his wounds. He had passed out and never regained consciousness. After that I was processed and taken to be sold."

Sir Jon shrugged his shoulders. "That's about what I've heard." He said. He examined my back, where the wounds from my recent whipping were still healing.

Lucinda seemed suspicious. She should be, the dirty bitch!

Sir Jon seemed satisfied and dropped his pants in front of me. "Suck it!" he said as his cock grew in front of me.

I dropped to my knees and took his cock in. Sir Jon rolled his eyes back and closed them. I twisted my face sideways and glared at Lucinda. We met each others gazes and neither of us refused to blink as I continued on Sir Jon's shaft, quickly milking him into cumming.

"If you wish to have her, Jon." Lucinda spat. "She can be a house slave. She will not go back to the Harem!"

For a moment Sir Jon was quiet. Then he nodded his agreement and turned to Lady Martha.

"I accept your gift. We are good. Have her ready, we are leaving right away."

Lady Martha bowed and thanked Sir Jon.

Before leaving, I was able to see Jasmine alone. She was distraught over my punishment and her role in my seduction. Apologizing profusely, she begged for my forgiveness and said that she herself had been punished for taking assumptions. She had admitted that the "power" over slave Todd that Lady Martha had given her had gone too much to her head and that she had clearly overstepped her boundaries when she took me.

I thanked her for her apology and explanation, but I myself was still very upset over my role in cheating on Master.

"I carry that responsibility as well." I told her. "I accepted what you were doing to me."

She shrugged. "Calista, you are a slave. You are submissive. I took you and you had no choice but to accept. You were only doing what was natural."

I shook my head. "No. My duty is to Master, no one else. I allowed it to happen with no resistance. For that I must pay the price." A tear trickled down my face and when Jasmine reached to wipe it away, I shied away. She would not be allowed to touch me.

She was awkward now. She didn't know what to do with her hands as they fidgeted beside her body.

"Lady Martha was furious with me." She said. She now was looking at her feet, refusing to look me in the eye. "She took my privileges away and now Todd has authority over me. He has been ... harsh."

It was at that point in our conversation when I was called to leave Lady Martha's ranch and travel with Sir Jon and Lucinda back to Duquette Estate. Back to the one place in my entire life that I could call home. I wondered if it would ever be my home again, or if it would soon be my resting place.

I spent the entire trip on the plane in between Sir Jon's legs. Kneeling on the floor, I was instructed to keep his cock in my mouth for the whole trip. After he quickly shot a load of warm cum down my throat, he settled back for the journey while my knees started to cramp and ache. Lucinda watched me like a hawk.

"I don't trust the cunt." She told Sir Jon.

He just snorted.

"She can blow you but that is all, you are mine, and I don't want her fucking you!" She warned him.

He argued with her, and she started to pout and cry.

"She'll seduce you from me. Aren't I woman enough for you?"

"Of course you are." He said.

"We're partners! There are some things that only partners should share!"

Sir Jon was getting flustered. What was the point of owning a slave business and a slave harem if you couldn't have sex with them?

Finally he realized the only way to stop her tears and her accusations was if he agreed.

"I won't fuck her." He groaned.

It seemed clear that Lucinda was calling the shots.

When we landed, I was taken to where the house slaves resided. I was given a house slave uniform and greeted by slave Mildred. She had sad eyes as she greeted me in my demoted status. Soon the other house slaves had gathered around me asking me for information. As far as they knew, Sir Jon was now in charge with Lucinda. No one knew what had happened to Master.

I was guarded. I told them very little. At this point my mission was clear. I was to ascertain which slaves were loyal to Master and which had gone over to Sir Jon and Lucinda. The two slaves I felt sure were loyal to Master were slave Mildred and slave Jacinta, whom I had worked with all those months. Late in the evening I met with both of them and asked them what had been going on since Sir Jon and Lucinda took over.

TAKE OVER

"It happened as soon as Master's plane left." Slave Mildred told me.

We were in her room, the lights turned down. I sat on the bed with her while Jacinta sat on the floor.

"There was a commotion and gun fire. The sirens came on and everyone went into lockdown. All slaves rushed to their rooms and locked their doors until we received the all-clear signal."

"Afterwards, Sir Jon had everyone assemble on the front lawn. Kennel slaves, house slaves, stable boys, harem slaves, everyone. Sir Jon and Lucinda stood before us. The guards brought in some of the bodyguards. We were told that these were the ones loyal to Master. Sir Jon explained that he was in charge now. That Master was dead and he and Lucinda had taken over. He then had the bodyguards that were loyal to Master shot right in front of us. He executed them!"

"He then dragged two of the harem slaves away from the crowd and had them shot as well. He said that anyone that showed loyalty to Master would be dealt with swiftly. Afterwards he had some of the stable boys bury them in the cemetery."

"Most of us were crying." Jacinta piped in. "A few were resigned and a few cheered Sir Jon and Lucinda."

"Who was it that cheered?" I asked. I needed names.

Mildred looked at me.

"Harem slave Roxanne cheered. So did house slave Jenny and house slave Marion."

I noted them. Mildred continued.

"Things went on like normal, only the punishments were much more severe. Any indiscretion was met with a severity that none of us were used to. House slave Jo-Ellen was flogged to death because she had spilled hot coffee on Sir Jon."

There was a pause as the gravity of her statement sunk in.

"That scared everyone. I think even the ones who cheered him were having second thoughts. One night, the guards took three house slaves. Lucinda told us that they had been conspiring to overthrow Sir Jon. They were tortured for a week then we all witnessed their execution as they begged to be put out of their pain and misery."

I was starting to realize that this mission was indeed as dangerous as Master had warned me. Dear Master, I pray that I can fulfill this mission and gain back your trust!

We snuck out of slave Mildred's room and back to our own rooms. I was anxious to continue my mission when the sun came up.

GATHERING INTEL

It was easy to revert back to house slave duties. I had spent a lot of my time doing the mundane chores and duties of service for a large chunk of my stay at Duquette Estate. I was not allowed to serve in the Manor house, an order I am sure that Lucinda made personally. She had a right to fear me. Instead I floated around the other buildings. For the first two days, I did nothing to arouse suspicion. I was absolutely sure that Lucinda was having me watched. I performed my duties. I also watched for everything. My eyes and ears were always open as I scanned for anything out of the ordinary.

I was careful to engage with the other slaves. It was important that they see a defeated former harem slave that was being punished for being with Master. Most of them stayed clear of me, worried that associating with me, they could be accused of conspiracy.

The second night I filled slave Mildred and slave Jacinta in on some of my plan. I was sure that they would loyal to Master; I even told them that I would make sure that Master knew who had helped me.

Jacinta was excited to help. She had visions of becoming a harem slave and thought that by Master knowing of his involvement, he would promote her to that lofty status.

Mildred on the other hand was subdued. She had seen far too much of both Master's and Sir Jon's reign to know that there was very little difference between the two of them. You were still a slave at the end of the day. She however did not like the way Sir Jon and Lucinda were running things and agreed to help.

They felt the others out as to where their loyalties lay. Mildred would not hand over the list to me until she had me promise that Master would not harm them. There had been enough misery and death.

"I promise you that I will try to get Master to be merciful."

She nodded and handed over the list.

D-DAY

It was the third day. That evening the plan was for me to disable the alarm system so that Master could enter into the estate and take back control. I had given instructions to both Mildred and Jacinta who would cover for me in the evening and be look outs in helping me disable the alarms in Briarwood.

The day went smoothly but as evening fell, I was summoned to the Manor house. It seemed that a party was taking place. I was escorted into the library, where the door was closed behind me. At the desk sat a lone figure, Lucinda.

"Well, well, well! The cunt has arrived!" She sneered.

I shivered. I was not going to enjoy this. I also was worried about getting to Briarwood in time to shut off the alarm.

Lucinda sat at the desk like she owned it. That was still Master's desk! She had kicked her feet up on the burled walnut surface. She had made herself at home.

"It seems that Sir Jon would like your mouth at the party tonight..." she said.

"He has requested that you attend."

I nodded, afraid to say anything that might set her off.

She swiveled off the chair and paced towards me.

"You little slut! You seduced Master and took him away from me. You try that with Sir Jon and I will rip your eyes out!"

She leaned her face into mine. I could smell the sweat jasmine perfume she had on. It was lovely and a sudden contrast from the ugly face she wore.

"I'm watching you! Now that your heroic Master is gone, you better not try to get to Sir Jon! I have him trained just how I want him right now."

I nodded. So far so good! She suspected nothing about my plan! Let her continue thinking I'm trying to seduce Sir Jon. She will relax whenever I am away from him!

"You will suck him." She continued. "And you will give him a bad blow job. He must know that I am the most skilled here."

I nodded.

She sent me off to the harem room. The party was being held there. I glanced at the clock in the foyer, it was almost seven. My time was running out!

THE PARTY

I arrived at the door to the harem room and was let in by a sober looking Clara. Her face lit up for a moment as she seemed glad to see that I was well, but she quickly switched back to a neutral expression as she led me into the main room.

The room had not been changed. It still was light and airy with nice pastel colors and tasteful décor. Why fix what is not broken, right?

The main room had a number of Japanese men lounging around with the harem slaves. I saw Roxanne sitting with a skinny older man with silver hair. She was being affectionate to him and he was roughly manhandling her ass.

Petra and Paulina as usual were together entertaining what looked to be the boss of this group. He was the eldest and was overweight. He did carry his weight well and reminded me of a wrestler, perhaps in his earlier years. He sat across from Sir Jon who soon was joined by Lucinda after she had composed herself after our "talk".

The twins were naked. Each straddled one of the boss's legs as they stroked him and kissed him and each other. He too was rough with them, slapping their asses and on occasion their breasts. They yelped and tried to show signs of enjoyment. I could tell they were acting.

Sir Jon sat nervously across from the boss. His name turned out to be Mr. Sako. Sir Jon glanced around at the other men in Mr. Sako's entourage.

An ugly tattooed man ripped the little school girl outfit off of Gretchen and pulled her down over the settee, her ass in the air, she whimpered as he smacked her ass and roughly thrust his fingers into her still dry pussy. He was eager to lube her up and thrust into her. She was not.

I saw no sign of Barbie the blonde bimbo harem slave, or Quan-Yi. I sadly surmised that they were the two harem slaves executed by Sir Jon's brutal coup.

Sir Jon spotted me and beckoned me over. I bowed to him and he leaned over to hear something that Lucinda whispered into his ear. Then he pointed to his crotch and I knelt before him and took out his member.

I will not compare Sir Jon's cock to Master's. It's not that Master's cock is huge and manly and Sir Jon's is small and puny. There was no real difference in size length, girth or looks. It is the intent that a man wields his tool. I have limited experience, but us slaves do tend to talk!

Some use their cock as a weapon, to slay and conquer, to inflict pain and to take pleasure. Others use it as a tool, to manipulate and fix. Others use it as an extension of themselves, putting their very essence and being, their soul into it. Sir Jon thought of his as a weapon.

I gagged on it as he became forceful. Grabbing my head had slammed me down on his weapon. I think the Japanese had a little influence over him and he seemed fearful of showing any weakness around them.

He took my head off his cock and he smacked my face with it, first one cheek, then the other, then he forced my mouth to take him in again. I gagged some more, and he let me up.

Still holding onto my head with a fist full of hair, he twisted my face upwards and towards Lucinda who leaned over and spat onto my face. I was shocked by the treatment but had no time to react as Sir Jon forced my mouth over his cock again.

This treatment went on for what seemed like an hour, until Sir Jon tightened up and spouted off all over my face. For that I was grateful. First, I did not have to swallow his seed. Second, it gave me an excuse to excuse myself and go clean up before the others would take advantage of my body.

Lucinda watched me exit then turned her attention back to their guests. I'm sure she had to focus on them, making sure they didn't get to out of hand with the harem slaves. They were already getting very rough indeed!

Instead of the restroom there, I walked to the exit and met with Clara. She was puzzled, knowing that Sir Jon had more in store for me for the evening. I thought quickly and said, "Lucinda would not allow me to wash here as I am not a harem slave anymore. I am to go back to the house slave quarters and clean up then come back."

Clara thought for a moment, decided to accept my explanation, and then allowed me to exit.

I breathed a sigh of relief when the door closed behind me and I was free to leave. I passed the foyer and checked the clock. 8:30. I had to get to Briarwood and disable the alarm system for Master to come in!

Outside the manor house, I quickly ran to meet Jacinta and Mildred. I told them of the situation and asked Mildred to cover for me if anyone should come looking for me back at my quarters.

Jacinta was to accompany me to Briarwood.

BRIARWOOD

We left immediately. There was no time to loose. Staying off the paths took longer, but it was less of a risk that we would meet anyone than if we stayed on the paths. Twenty minutes later after passing some out-buildings, we came across a wooded area that marked the boundary of Briarwood.

Briarwood was the remains of an old forest. Even though the moon was out tonight, the canopy of old oak and elm tress blocked all the light from the moon. We stumbled over gnarled tree roots and fallen branches as we made our way to a small fenced area that surrounded and protected a utility shed.

"Shhhhhhhhhhh!" Hissed Jacinta.

We crouched down and were silent. "I heard something!"

We listened acutely for a hint of what could be lurking in the shadows near us. Surely Sir Jon had posted guards all over the grounds?

We sat there for long moments listening. No sound came our way. I looked at Jacinta to see if she had heard anything further. She shook her head no, and we slowly, carefully began towards the fence.

The fence had a gate that had a numeric keypad and an electronic lock. Enter the number correctly and the lock sprung free which would allow us entrance into the alarm shed. Master had made me memorize the number and I quickly entered it while Jacinta kept watch. The gate opened and we made our way to the shed where another code needed to be inputted into the locking mechanism in order for us to enter.

Once inside it took a few moments to find the light switch and to study the controls. Everything had been automated as per Master's plans so there was no need to have a person sit in the shed. I quickly looked for the main controls that would deactivate the alarms for Briarwood. A confirmation beep echoed from the monitor as we saw the red lighted perimeter shut off. We shut off the light and left the shed, making sure to lock the door and the fence gate.

"What do we do now?" Jacinta whispered as we crouched behind a fern covered rock.

"We wait." I said.

TAKING BACK WHAT WAS MASTER'S

"Are those the men?" Jacinta nudged me. It was about ten minutes later and a group of armed men made their way down the path. They were heading in the direction of the perimeter.

"No," I said. "They couldn't be. They are going the wrong way."

"Should we do something?" Jacinta asked.

I wondered. I didn't know how big of a force Master was bringing with him. If these men surprised them, the mission might fail before it even started.

"Let's follow them!" I whispered and started to go.

"What?" Exclaimed a hushed Jacinta. "Are you serious? What if they catch us?"

"That would be fine. They will have to take us back to the Manor house which will draw them away from Master's forces!"

Jacinta didn't like this plan, but she crept behind me as we kept pace with the group of men.

So far no one had noticed that the alarm system was off. The group of men circled the perimeter and started to make their way back to the main housing area. Jacinta and I were hidden behind some trees as we watched them head back. It had been a routine patrol!

A few moments later there was a sudden rush of noise behind us and Jacinta yelped as an armed man wearing all black jumped out of the shadows and grabbed her from behind covering her mouth to prevent her from screaming.

The same happened to me a moment later from the other side. So sudden had it happened that we both tried to fight back not realizing that this force must be Masters.

We stopped struggling once Master strode forward and identified himself. We recognized him and calmed down. Only then did the men let go of us.

Master had a gleam in his eye as he came up to me.

"Report slave!" he ordered me.

"Master, the alarm has been shut off. There is a party in the harem room. Sir Jon and Lucinda are entertaining the Japanese guests. There are four of them."

He seemed pleased. I took a moment to glance around and noticed that there must have been ten armed men with Master.

"We have the element of surprise. Do they suspect anything? Has anyone seen you come here? Who else knows about you?"

"No one suspects Master. We escaped here unseen, although I did have to sneak away from the party. Lucinda and Sir Jon might notice that I have not come back."

"Only slave Jacinta and slave Mildred know anything of your plan."

Master smiled at me and held my chin as he looked directly into my eyes.

"You did well, slave. I'm proud of you. I knew you could do it!"

My heart leapt from his high praise.

"Do you have the list?" He asked me.

I produced it and he took it and scanned the names.

Remembering my deal with Mildred I spoke.

"Master?"

He turned to me.

"In order to get these names I had to promise to beg you not to harm the slaves who have shown you disloyalty. They are slaves and one ruler over another to them can seem like freedom. Most of the names on that list have come to regret Sir Jon's reign of terror since then. I beg you Master, show them mercy."

He looked at me for a moment and tried to decide how to respond.

"I will take that into account slave. For now let's just worry about securing the estate and dealing with Sir Jon and Lucinda!"

I had fulfilled my bargain with Mildred; it was all I could hope for that Master would be lenient.

Master turned back and split the teams up in two different directions. They were to go and pick off the estate guards before they attacked the manor house. Jacinta and I followed Master and tried to stay close to him.

We quickly came across the patrol that Jacinta and I had seen earlier. They had placed their guns down next to a tree and were standing around smoking. Our group snuck up and surrounded them and jumped out of the shadows, subduing them before any of the guards knew what was happening.

One of our men took out some tape and taped each of the guards hands behind their back and also taped their mouths shut. Master turned to him and told him to take them back to the shed. That was the most secure location right now.

I wondered what would happen to them. Would Master execute them like Sir Jon had when he took over?

I struggled to keep up with the group as we stayed in the shadows of the protective foliage. We came across one other patrol before we made it to the manor house. Master was able to capture them just like the first patrol. The other group joined up with us while we waited for Master to issue instructions.

The teams split up again, half went around back while Master and his group headed for the front entrance. Master turned to us.

"Slave Jacinta, go back to the house slave quarters and tell them to go into lock down. Let them know that Master has returned.

I looked at Master, awaiting my orders. He smiled. "You get to stick with me." He said. I broke out into a big smile. I was scared, but I was excited now. I knew that Master would not let any harm come to me.

Once inside the men broke out in all directions taking control of the first floor. Once secured, we launched up the steps to the second level. Still we were met with no opposition.

The third floor was where the harem was. The party presumably was still in full effect. Master stood in front of the thick locked door and knocked. Clara pulled back the peephole and gasped.

"Master?" she stuttered from behind the door.

He nodded. "Open up Clara, it's time for me to return home."

She unlocked the door and Master and the other armed men rushed into the large harem room.

With a loud yell, the men rushed around the surprised guests pointing their guns at the bewildered, half naked Japanese men. The women were screaming in fear. In the middle of it all sat a dumbfounded Sir Jon. His pants were around his ankles as he slowly pulled Gretchen off his cock with a loud pop.

"You were dead!" He exclaimed to Master once he found his voice.

The armed men allowed the Japanese to get dressed and they ushered them out of the room. The harem slaves all huddled together. Tears were streaming down their eyes. As the men took the Japanese away, Master pointed out harem slave Roxanne.

"Men! Take this slave with you, she has betrayed me."

Roxanne's eyes flew open. Her mouth dropped and she fluttered.

"I! I ... no Master! No! I never betrayed you!" she ran to Master and flew herself at his feet. Grasping his legs she groveled in fear.

"Please Master! I beg you!"

The men grabbed a hold of her and forcibly pulled her out of the room, leaving the other shocked harem slaves, Master, two armed men and Sir Jon in the room with me.

I scanned the room and discovered no Lucinda!

"Master! Where is Lucinda?"

He turned to me, looked around then turned to Sir Jon.

He shrugged.

"She was getting suspicious when you're little pet here never came back. I guess she went out to look for her."

Master allowed Sir Jon to pull his pants up. He was defeated and he knew it.

"Why?" Asked Master. Sir Jon just shrugged.

"I guess the little schemer Lucinda convinced me that we could do as good a job as you did."

He smiled at Master.

"I guess not, huh?"

Master shook his head. All the years they had been together had now ended in this moment.

"I'm trying to decide whether to just shoot you now or to torture you like you had them do to me."

Sir Jon paled a little at those words. He had played his hand, gambled with his life and had lost. He was at the mercy of Master, a man that in the past had never shown mercy.

"Take him away with the rest of them." Master ordered the armed men. Sir Jon was taped up and led away to be locked up. We were all alone now.

Master looked around at his harem slaves, and then opened his arms for them to come embrace him. They all rushed towards him and I watched as they sobbed with joy and fear while holding and kissing him.

I was a little sad as my recent transgression and breaking of his trust made me feel like I did not deserve to be apart of that human embrace. Master looked over at me and smiled with his warm blue eyes.

"Calista, come here, join us."

Those words melted my heart as I ran to him and embraced him. All of our bodies warmed us up with an intensity of love that I had never felt before. He turned to me and kissed me.

"You have made me proud and have regained my trust. Do not break it again."

I broke down in tears. As I tried to catch my breath I was able to push out, "I ... won't ... Master ... I'm so ... sorry!"

He just kissed me again.

It was several minutes before I remembered that Lucinda was still unaccounted for. Where could she be?

RE-ORG

After some time, Master pulled away from us and took me downstairs to where the armed men had assembled. "Are we secure?" he asked one of the men. The man nodded affirmative and Master went out to visit the prisoners. I followed.

The prisoners had been assembled on the front lawn. The Japanese were separated from the guards and Sir Jon. Master approached Mr. Sako first.

"I trust you can find your way back home?" He asked Mr. Sako.

Mr. Sako looked at Master and tried to appraise him.

"Whatever deal you had with this man," he pointed to Sir Jon. "Was between the two of you. I will not honor it."

Mr. Sako nodded.

"It seems that you have visited at a bad time. I will ask you to leave now, and perhaps in the future, you and I can do business."

Mr. Sako nodded. Master made sure he never burnt bridges.

He had some of the armed men escort Mr. Sako and the Japanese to the airfield where their plane was waiting.

Master gave the all clear for the lockdown and then called out for all slaves to assemble on the front lawn. He then took me into the office inside where we sat down for a few moments, while Master went over some of the details of my time back here at the estate.

Once everyone was assembled, there was fear and excitement on all of the slaves faces.

Murmurings were heard when they saw that Master was indeed still alive and had returned.

He stood before us all.

"As you all can see, I am very much still alive. Sir Jon and Lucinda's betrayal didn't quite work out the way they planned. Has anyone seen Lucinda?"

No one answered. She was a ghost that had disappeared in the night.

Master continued.

"In the past, I would have killed all of the traitors without a second thought. It would have been weak for me not to."

He turned to the prisoners.

"But I have other uses for them. I have found a buyer for these men. It seems that there is a mine in Africa that is in need of strong laborers. Somehow their workforce keeps dying on them. You guards who sided with Sir Jon! I can promise you that you will never see the light of day inside that mine for the rest of your life!"

A few of the guards dropped to their knees begging for mercy, but Master just continued.

"Roxanne and the other slaves who cheered Sir Jon and Lucinda..."

Roxanne groaned in fear.

"I have decided to be merciful to you and demote you to kennel slaves. Eventually you may earn back your status, that will be up to the other slaves as they will watch you and decide."

Roxanne's face dropped but she knew she had gotten off easy. What she couldn't realize is that the other slaves would not be as merciful as Master was.

"Sir Jon!" Master continued.

"Sir Jon. My best friend, someone I had trusted. I am sorry that it's come to this."

Sir Jon finally showed fear in his face. The moment of reckoning was now.

"I have decided to merciful to you Sir Jon, I had my taste of torture and it has changed me..."

Master swiftly took a pistol out and shot Sir Jon in the head.

We all gasped and screamed.

Sir Jon had a confused look on his face as blood spurted out of him and he keeled over sideways and fell face down into the grass.

"Let this be a lesson you all of you!" Master shouted. Then he dismissed everyone and I followed him into the Manor house.

We went into his office, where he started going through papers, trying to figure out what had happened while he was away. I sat quietly on one of the chairs watching him.

Finally he looked up, put the papers down and stared at me.

"Who are you?" He asked me.

"I am slave, Master. Your slave."

"And I am... ?"

"You are my Master."

He smiled.

"Slave, I am going to give you another choice to make."

I was anxious. What was this?

"I am in need of a new partner to fill the role that Sir Jon used to fill. That person has to have my absolute trust. That person needs to have knowledge of the business. That person needs to be able to represent me to others."

"In short, slave, I am offering you a job. I would be happy to keep you as my harem slave, but I see more in you than that. You have brains, and a sense about you that the others do not. You have proven to me over and over that I can trust you and that you can think on your own. You could be more valuable to me as a partner rather than someone I fuck."

I held my breath. What was happening here?

"I have been looking for quite sometime for the right ... person to settle down with. I will need an heir. I need someone with good genes. I need you. You are a greater asset to me standing next to me than lying on you back for me."

Oh my Master! What was he saying? I was getting confused.

"Master? I am your slave, I don't think I could do what you ask of me, I know nothing..."

He came to me and held me. Looking into my eyes, his blue eyes were now warm.

"Trust your Master. I will teach you to be not just my slave, but so much more. Do you trust me?"

I nodded. Tears started to flow from me. Was this love?

"Choose. You will be mine, but so much more. You will have a freedom, but I know that your heart and soul, and your body will always belong to me. What will it be?"

I hugged him.

"I choose you!" I sobbed.

He smiled and kissed me.

"No Calista ... I chose you!"
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"Life in the Harem"
     

The End

This is the end of Act 1. Act 2 and 3 are not available as I am editing and re-writing them.

I want to thank everyone who read this and wrote me a word or two of encouragement. There are few out there that contributed more than they think.

Please vote and let me know what you thought of the story!

    | Posted: 2008-07-01 | Sir Semega's Blog | Share: twitter Tweet | 

Home | Top | Sir Semega's Page |   Feedback to author


