The Massage Club
bySPEN STERLING©

Sam Cooper had enjoyed every minute of his final summer before his senior year in high school. It was mostly hanging out on the beach all day and partying all night with friends. The party went into high gear when his parents left for a three week European vacation, leaving him at home with his twin sister Katy.

But both Sam and his sister were in for a rude awakening when they both started summer soccer practice. Sam was the star on the men's team and Katy was a pretty strong player for the women. Both teams started practice a few weeks before school started back up. Their coaches had a short time to whip the teams into shape, and they were not wasting time.

Both practices were held at 9 am sharp, before it got too hot, but the mornings were humid and sticky. They would finish practice at 11 am, and then both kids would stagger home and lay on the couch in the ac and recover. Occasionally they would muster up enough energy to crawl into the shower, but mostly they just sat on the couch, watched tv, and ached all over. By the third day of brutal practices, both were having a hard time lifting their legs to walk. They were laying on the couch sharing their misery.

"This is murder," said Sam. "My legs hurt so bad from running it feels like someone is jabbing darts into me."

Katy nodded. "I can't ever remember being this sore, my whole body hurts. I'm not sure how I can keep this up."

"I remember last year it was bad at first, but eventually it started getting better, but this year it seems a lot worse," Sam replied.

"Agreed, much worse," said Katy. "One of the girls on the team said she went and got a massage, and that helped quite a bit. I'm thinking about giving it a try."

Neither had ever gotten a massage, but it sounded pretty good. They decided to give it a shot and set up a pair of appointments the next day right after practice.

Turns out that the massages exceeded their expectations in nearly every regard. They both felt better, were able to move around better, and were even looking forward to practice the next day. The only downside was that each massage cost $100, and neither one of them had that kind of money.

"I almost wish we hadn't gotten a massage now, it's going to kill me to know what I'm missing out on," said Katy.

"Me too, but there's no way I can come up with a $100 again for a massage, I'm broke," said Sam. "How about if I give you $10 and you give me a massage," he added jokingly.

"Yeah right," she snorted. "Dream on bro, there's no way I'm giving you a massage."

"How bout $20 then?" he laughed. "Or better yet, we'll trade, I'll give you a massage, and then you give me one."

Katy looked at him seriously for a minute, like she was either considering it or trying to figure out if he was serious. Sam had been kidding, but her reaction got him to thinking about it. He thought about it that afternoon, that night, and the next morning after a particularly brutal practice. He was laying on the couch in pain, staring at a blank tv, when Katy dragged in and fell face down on the couch, without even taking her cleats off.

"Good practice?" he asked.

"Ugh," she answered.

They sat there in silence for a while until Sam spoke up.

"You know sis, I've been thinking about the whole massage trade thing. I felt so much better after getting that massage the other day, but right now I'm not sure I'll be able to get out of bed in the morning. I don't see anything wrong with us trading massages, I work your sore muscles out and you work mine out, nothing weird there."

Katy didn't respond for a few minutes, and Sam was thinking she was either pissed off or asleep. Sam and Katy had the kind of relationship that they openly talked about anything. Being twins they had a special connection, but the best part of their relationship was the casualness of it. There was no subject that was taboo, no conversation they were uncomfortable having with one another.

"There's something weird about having your brother give you a massage, but I'm seriously considering it," she said finally.

"Ok, maybe a little weird, but it's not like we're having sex," he said. "There's nothing sexual about massage."

"Right, except that one person is rubbing the naked body of another person," she said.

"Well you can leave your clothes on if you want," he said. "We'll call it Massage Club.

"I'll think about it," she said.

The next day after practice, Sam was once again laying on the couch, eyes closed when Katy got home. She limped up to him on the couch.

"So do you want to go first, or second?" she said.

"All right then!" he yelled. "I'll do you first!"

"Ok, but first I need to establish the rules about Massage Club," she said. "Rule One is, we don't tell anyone about Massage Club. Rule Two is, we don't tell ANYONE about Massage Club. I don't want it to get out that I'm swapping massages with my brother."

"Agreed," he said.

There was a pause as the concept of a massage trade went from theory to reality.

"I, uh, guess we can do it here," said Sam, pointing to the couch.

"Right, that should work" said Katy. She awkwardly began to remove her cleats and socks, and for a moment it looked like she might go further, but then she opted to leave her shirt and shorts on and laid face down on the couch.

Sam got on his knees beside the couch, and suddenly realized he didn't know the first thing about giving a massage. He looked at the body in front of him and then at his hands, then tried to remember some of the techniques and areas that the masseuse used on him. He decided to start with the basic shoulder rub. He put both of his hands on her shoulders and began to squeeze and rub them.

To say it was awkward at first would be an understatement. Katy couldn't relax and Sam wasn't sure where and how to rub. But it didn't take too long before Katy was murmuring her appreciation and Sam was gaining some confidence. He worked his way down Katy's back, spending a lot of time working the areas that he knew were probably hurting her, because they were hurting him. He pushed his fingers down hard into her lower back, working his thumbs in tight circles, and he could feel her muscles gradually relax.

Next he moved down to her legs, where he knew she was hurting the worst. He started out gentle, mostly light rubs and caresses on one thigh, then the other, then moving down to the calf muscles, which he squeezed and rubbed. Finally, he got down to her feet, and he quickly discovered what Katy's favorite part of the massage was going to be. The first time he squeezed and rubbed her feet, she squirmed and sighed and practically screamed with pleasure.

When he finished, Katy couldn't stop raving about it.

"That was fantastic," she said. "I was tense at first, but after I started to relax it was awesome. Very good job bro, I think you have a future as a massage therapist."

Sam was happy that she enjoyed it, but his mind had moved on to the second half of the massage trade. He took his shirt off and got into position, face down on the couch.

He felt Katy's warm hands move into position on his shoulders and back. At first he sensed that she was a little uncertain about what she was doing, but gradually he felt her working into a rhythm. It was weird at first, but it also felt great.

"Let me know if I'm pushing too hard," she said. "The guy who gave me a massage the other day was a little too hard at times, your pressure was perfect."

"You're doing fine sis, just keep up the good work," he said.

It wasn't long before Sam was groaning with pleasure, part for the humor effect but part because it felt both good and bad to have his sore muscles worked. He had to admit that Katy had excellent, strong hands as she worked from his upper back to his lower back.

When she got to his tender, sore legs, he had to back her off a few times. His hamstrings were aching, and as she worked her fingers down the muscle he got to experience an odd combination of pleasure and pain. Then she worked down to his calves, and then onto his feet, and he quickly realized why she had enjoyed the foot massage so much. It was epic.

It was over too soon, and after they were done they sat and chattered on about how awesome the respective massages were, what they liked best, and how great of an idea it was. Katy felt the need to clarify one item and institute a new rule to Massage Club.

"Rule Three, no touching of private parts," she said sternly.

"Of course," Sam replied.

They also agreed that the couch was not too comfortable for the person giving the massage, so after scouting out different options they decided that future massages would take place on their parent's bed. It was big enough so that the person giving the massage had room on either side to kneel while giving the massage. They both agreed to set up another massage for the same time tomorrow after practice.

The next day it was raining, just not bad enough to cancel practice, so Sam and his sister trudged off to practice and played in the rain and mud. When he got home, covered in mud, Katy had already taken a hot shower and was waiting for him in a robe.

"I'm not touching that dirty body," she said, throwing him a towel. "Hit the showers, bro."

Sam took a quick hot shower, threw on some shorts and then went looking for Katy, who he found ready and waiting, face down on their parent's bed.

"Hurry up," she grinned, "I've been waiting for this all day!"

Sam laughed and quickly obliged. Katy had opted for a sports bra and panties today, which was a bit of a surprise to Sam, but in all honesty it was no more revealing than wearing a bathing suit. Still, she was showing a lot more flesh, and he couldn't help but admire the smooth, sleek, athletic curves of his sister. She also smelled deliciously clean coming out of the shower, and her tan skin felt smooth and supple under his fingers. He also liked the feeling of the soft bed a lot more than working from his knees on the couch, it was much more comfortable.

He followed the same routine as the day before, though he did end up going a little lower on her back and a little higher on her thighs. He stopped short just at the curve of her ass, but he idly wondered what she might do if he moved his hands higher. After all, the rule was no touching of the private parts, but would the ass qualify as private parts? He opted to play it safe. Once again, her favorite part was the foot massage. She jokingly made sounds that suggested that she was having a full on orgasm as he rubbed her feet.

"Okay, all finished," he said. "It sounded like it was good for you too."

She rolled over on the bed. "Hey, would you work the front of my legs this time, they are really sore," she said.

"Um, yes sure," he said, looking down at her beautifully toned legs. This was going to be a treat, even if it was his sister, he thought.

"I'll do your's if you'll do mine," she grinned.

"Deal," he said, and his mind went off on a tangent thinking about both of those events.

Sam squeezed and rubbed Katy's thighs, going as high on her leg as he could without coming into contact with her panties, but his fingers still managed to occasionally brush up against her panties. He could tell that Katy was really enjoying him massaging her thighs, her head was moving slightly from side to side and her mouth would drift open on occasion. He worked all the way up and down one leg, then clumsily climbed over her on the bed and followed the same routine on the other leg.

When he was finished, Katy once again gave him an enthusiastically positive review, adding that she had a feeling that he was really going to like it when she massaged the front of his legs too. Actually Sam had been thinking about how good that was going to feel the entire time he was doing it.

He took his place on the bed and felt his body relax as Katy's hands worked their magic. It may have just been that he was more relaxed today after going through it once, but it seemed like the massage was even better than the first one. He also noted that she went a little lower on his back, even lower than he had on her. Her hands worked right down to the top of his ass, and he really liked the way that felt. She also went even higher on his thighs. Her fingers worked their way up under his shorts and he loved the way she brushed up against the curve of his ass. He found himself wishing that she would just go ahead and give him a full on ass rub, but he wasn't bold enough to ask.

But the best part of the massage was definitely when it came time to roll over. He leaned back and closed his eyes as he felt her warm hands on the front of his legs. She started with his feet and worked her way up, first one leg then the other. As she neared the top of his thighs he couldn't help but feel tingly, even though it was his sister. Her hands were moving up achingly close to his groin, and the curse of being a teenager quickly took shape. He started getting aroused, and nothing he could do or think about would stop it. He opened his eyes and looked down. There was no denying the bulge in his shorts, but it seemed like his sister's attention was focused on his legs, so he hoped she didn't notice.

Eventually a combination of thinking about algebra and biting down on the inside of his cheek ended up reducing the swelling down to a reasonably unnoticeable level, just in time for the conclusion of the massage. He decided that she may have noticed, but if she did, she didn't seem to be making a big deal out of it, so he wasn't going to either.

Just like after the first massage, they both raved about how good it was and gave each other great reviews. They both agreed that it definitely felt better to get the massage after having a hot shower, and it was definitely better for both of them to do it on the soft bed, so they agreed to do the next one the same way.

"Rule Four for Massage Club, all massage sessions must be preceded by a shower," Sam said. "And Rule Five, all massages must take place on this awesome bed."

"Second the motion," stated Katy, trying to sound official.

"The motion carries!"

They were sprawled out on the bed, Sam in his shorts and Katy in sports bra and panties, relaxing and making jokes about what people would say if they found out they were giving each other massages.

"No matter what, this has got to stay a big time secret," said Katy. "Like Dad's porn stash."

"Wait, what?" asked Sam. "Dad's got a porn stash?"

"How could you not know, it's in the back of their closet," she said.

"Well I don't spend a whole lot of time in the back of their closet," he answered.

"I guess I'm more of a snoop than you," Katy said, climbing off the bed and walking over to the closet. She came back with a couple of glossy magazines and tossed one to Sam.

"Check it out," she said. "The 'rents got some pretty wild stuff."

Sam's eyes went wide open from just the cover of the magazine, it featured a girl with her hand wrapped around a guy's hard cock.

"Good gosh," Sam gasped.

Katy laughed as she climbed back on the bed and starting flipping through a different magazine. "Yeah, that's what I said."

Sam quickly became mesmerized looking at the magazine. It was high quality, the girls were hot, and it was quite explicit. His heart was beating fast and his breath was quick and shallow. He flipped a page and got to a picture of a girl who looked a lot like Katy, poised above a guy's hard cock with her mouth open, licking her lips as she was obviously about to take him into her warm mouth. Suddenly he realized that a tent had developed in the front of his shorts, and about that same time he realized that he was in bed with his half naked sister looking at porn magazines, and that he was aroused, and that was really weird. He looked over at Katy, who was thankfully too engrossed in a magazine herself to notice him. He rolled out of the bed, facing away from her, and headed toward the bedroom door.

"I gotta go," he mumbled, sounding pretty unconvincing.

"Don't forget to put that magazine back," Katy laughed. "When you're done with it..."

Sam slinked off to his room, closed the door and spent some more quality time with the magazine. Eventually he found himself jerking off to the picture of the girl who looked like Katy, and when he closed his eyes and felt the coming orgasm, it was Katy's face who was poised above his cock, ready to suck him dry. After his orgasm subsided, he reminded himself that he shouldn't be thinking about his sister that way.

The next day, Sam woke up feeling great, much less sore, and he attributed that to the two massages. He felt strong during practice, and as soon as it was over, he was anxious to get back home for another massage session with Katy. Occasionally he would get distracted by a fantasy about the massage becoming more intimate, but then he would remind himself that it was his sister he was fantasizing about.

He got home first and took a quick shower. He wasn't sure when Katy was getting home, so he wrapped a towel around himself and climbed faced down on his parent's bed. At some point he must've dozed off, because he woke up to the feeling of oil begin drizzled on his back.

"Hey, sleepy head, I found some massage oil in the back of the closet, I thought we'd give it a try," she said.

Sam felt the oil warming up his skin and it made her hands feel even better gliding across his body. She worked his shoulders for awhile, then she surprised him with a request.

"Would you mind if I sat on your back," she said. "It would make it easier to use both hands."

"Absolutely, whatever makes it easier," he said.

Katy swung a leg over and straddled his back, which allowed her to use both hands and lean hard into it. It made it a lot easier for her to use both hands at the same time, but it was also a lot more intimate. Sam could feel her warm crotch sliding across his back. As she worked her way down his upper and lower back, she slid down until she was resting on the backs of his legs. Sam could definitely tell a difference, she was able to use her weight to push down harder.

When she finished his back she flipped around so she was once again sitting on his back, but now she was facing his feet. She used both hands to go all the way up and down one leg and then all the way up and down the other. It was amazing, Sam couldn't help but groan. The towel was hanging pretty loose on him, and her hands would come all the way up and brush up against his ass.

Sam started thinking about how good it would feel to have his ass rubbed, and then it became all he could think about. Eventually he got the courage to ask.

"Hey sis, what would I have to pay extra to have you massage my ass?" he asked. He framed the question so that if she got offended by it, he could just say he was joking. He kind of expected her to slap him on the ass and tell him to rub his own ass.

Instead, she didn't say anything. She climbed off of his back, and he assumed that she had been so offended she didn't want to respond at all. He was about to apologize and roll over when he felt her climb back on top of him, this time on the backs of his knees. Then she carefully manipulated the towel so that one ass cheek was exposed, and she went to work rubbing his ass.

To say that having his ass rubbed felt amazing would be an understatement. She pushed down hard, rubbing his ass in little circles, and driving his hips down into the bed. The motion of his hips grinding into the mattress and her hands on his ass quickly led him to become rock hard, and he became harder still when he felt her fingers deftly moving the towel around to allow her access to the other cheek. It felt like her hands brushed up against his balls, and he almost became dizzy with arousal.

She was about halfway through the right ass cheek when Sam began to realize that he was going to have a tent pole sticking out of the towel when he rolled over. Try as he might, he could not distract himself to lower his arousal. When the time came to roll over, he did his best to bunch up the towel some in the front so it wasn't so obvious. He also kept his eyes closed and just pretended like he didn't notice that there was a giant erection filling up the towel.

To her credit, Katy said nothing, just dutifully continuing on with the massage. Sam could not help but be impressed with how Katy's massages had gotten better every day. She seemed to know just how hard to push and just where to rub. He felt like he might be imagining it, but it also seemed like she was teasing him with some of her touches. When her fingertips came up lightly on his upper thigh, it felt like she had to be millimeters from coming in contact with his balls. When she rubbed his upper thigh and hip, he could feel the sides of her hands coming tantalizingly close to his ever hardening cock.

"Want me to do your chest?" she asked.

"Um, yeah, I guess so," he answered.

"This does not mean you can do my chest, by the way," she grinned, as she dribbled some oil out on his chest and began to massage it in.

"Darn," he answered, and meant it.

Katy rubbed and massaged his chest, then moved down lower, rubbing her hands back and forth across his stomach, just above where the towel was. Sam's cock was on full alert. Just as he felt like he was losing control, she stopped and declared that his fun was over, now it was her turn.

Sam groaned his disapproval at his turn ending. "That was incredible sis, there's no way I can match that," he said.

"Well you can sure try," she answered.

Sam leaned up from the bed and opened his eyes, his sister was dressed in a short, silky white kimono, her hair still wet from the shower. The white silky robe looked fabulous on her tan body, Sam couldn't help but think to himself that if she wasn't his sister, there would be things he'd be doing with her in addition to massage.

She pulled off the robe to reveal that she was wearing a white sports bra and some lacy white panties. The panties were less revealing than the ones she had on yesterday, but they were also looser fitting.

Sam, still dressed in his towel, set in to trying to match his sister's epic massage. She cooed when he poured oil on her, and he liked the way the oil had his hands gliding over her. Following her lead, he straddled her as he rubbed her shoulders and back. Because he was taller he could straddle her upper thighs and still reach her upper back, all the while doing the best he could to keep the towel wrapped around him. There was no way he wasn't going to be aroused rubbing a hot girl in that position, even if it was his sister, and he was thankful she was face down. As he rubbed her back, his hips would move back and forth across her ass. If it weren't for the towel his cock would be sliding back and forth across her ass cheeks, an image that he could not help but imagine.

He slipped his fingers under the bra strap to massage that area, then worked his way down to her lower back. As he worked his thumbs into her lower back, his imagination took hold once again, and he visualized himself lifting her up on her knees and ramming his cock into her doggy style. The very thought of that, plus a soft moan coming from Katy, suddenly and unexpectedly pushed Sam over the edge, and he felt his cock exploding into the towel.

Somehow, someway, he experienced an epic orgasm and what had to be a gallon of cum without giving off any obvious signs of what had happened. He continued to rub and massage his sister, and thankfully the towel absorbed all of his load.

The intense orgasm relaxed him some, and he got back to focusing on the massage. He moved around so he was straddling her back and facing her feet, and began working on her legs, using the same method that she had used on him, using both hands to go from the top of one leg to the bottom. When he got to the top of her thighs, he would lighten his touch, seeing how close he could get to actually touching her pussy without actual contact. He sensed from her slight gyrations that she kinda liked it.

"Do you, um, want me to rub your, uh, butt?" he asked.

"I guess so," she said softly. "But I'm not taking my panties off."

"Ok, I think I can work under them," he said. He was still straddling her lower legs, so he poured more oil onto his hands and worked them gently under the loose fabric of the panties. He alternated between pushing his fingers into her ass cheeks, rubbing in tight little circles, and then he would back off and rub the full cheek with a more medium pressure. He didn't know how much Katy was liking it, she seemed a bit tense, but he was sure enjoying rubbing his hands over her fabulous ass. Even if it was his sister's fabulous ass. His dick was already hard again.

He didn't want it to end, but he was worried that Katy seemed a little tense, so after a few minutes of ass rubbing he gave her a gentle slap on the cheek. "All done with this side," he said cheerfully, trying to break the tension some.

She rolled over, looking a bit flushed, and Sam set in to working on her front side. She seemed pretty quiet, and he was worried that he had gone too far with the ass rub. But he also noticed that the front of her panties seemed to be wet. He spent a long while massaging her legs, and she seemed to relax and maybe even doze off. Since she had done his chest area, it seemed only fair that he would massage her torso area, but he wasn't too sure how to go about it.

"Do you want me to do your chest," he whispered.

She may have been asleep, or at least groggy, and she didn't answer right away.

"Um, I guess so," she said. She reached up and pulled the straps of her sports bra down, so her breasts were still covered but he could access her chest area. "But don't think about touching my boobs," she said laughing. "In accordance with Massage Club Rule Three."

"I'll be a perfect gentleman," Sam said. He worked his fingers in little circles on her chest, all the while admiring the gentle curve of her breasts. He had never really noticed it before, his sister had a great body. After a while he moved down below the bra area, rubbing her stomach with both hands for a while. There were a few times when the back of his hand grazed the bottom curve of her breasts, and a few times when his other hand grazed over the panties, but he kept his distance as best he could.

When he finished Katy was quick to slip her robe back on. She told him the massage was great, but she seemed pretty flustered, and then she said she had some stuff to do and had to run.

Sam was still sitting on the bed in the towel, wondering if he had gone too far with his massage, when she stuck her head back into the room.

"Rule Six, ass massage is definitely permissible," she said.

"Confirm that," said Sam.

"Same time tomorrow?" she asked.

"Absolutely," he said.

For the next several days, they fell into a similar routine, coming in from soccer and going straight to the massage trade. Sam became more relaxed with the massage every day, and he sensed that Katy was getting more relaxed as well. They had fallen into a comfortable rhythm where they knew what to expect from the other's massage, and both of them had taken to nearly dozing off during their turn. Sam wasn't sure if he liked giving or receiving the massage more, they were both fantastic.

Sam had taken to just wearing a loose towel during the massages, while Katy stuck with the bra and panties look, though her panties seemed to be getting smaller and smaller. Sam had respectfully kept her panties in place, letting his hand go under but resisting the urge to move them. But on occasion his ass rubbing would cause her panties to bunch up, giving him epic views of her shapely ass. She seemed to enjoy the ass massage part more and more every day, to the point that she was lifting her hips up off the bed just slightly, spreading her legs a bit to give him more access, and even grinding her crotch softly into the bed.

On Friday they had to make a change in schedule, they both had something going on after practice so they couldn't do the massage until late in the afternoon. But they both decided they'd rather reschedule than miss out on the best part of their day.

Sam was in his towel on the bed waiting for her when Katy came in with her white robe. She blushed a little when she saw him.

"I, uh, went to the store today and got something, to, uh, make it easier for you to massage, um, me," she stammered. Then she turned around and let the robe fall off her shoulders. She was wearing a thong.

Sam gasped and whistled. "Wow, looking good sis," he said.

"Thanks, I've never worn a thong before, and I really kinda like the way it feels on me," she said. "I really didn't like the ass massage part at first, but I started to like it more and more, and I figure a thong will make it easier for you."

Sam could feel his hands shaking at the thought of rubbing her bare ass. It might make access easier, but it was going to make some other things a lot harder.

Katy climbed into the bed and Sam set in on the massage. No matter what part of her body he was working, every time he got the chance his eyes were glued to her ass, and he couldn't wait to get his hands there. He was so distracted that he fumbled the oil trying to get it open and a bunch of it poured out onto her upper back and began rolling down toward her lower back.

"Shit sis, sorry about that, I'm getting your bra strap soaked with oil," he said.

"Just pop the clasp off," she said quickly, and Sam did as he was told. After a few moments she leaned up on her elbows and slipped the bra all the way off.

Now his sister was naked, face down, except for a thong. Sam was straddling her beautiful ass while wearing a small towel, and he was leaning back and forth as he rubbed from her lower back up to her shoulders. Then he moved down to her thighs, and calves, and feet, before moving back to the area where he most wanted to be. He put plenty of oil on his hands and began to rub and caress her ass. Without the panties in his way, he was much more free to work, and he could tell by the way she was moving her hips up and down and sighing that she was liking it as well. The room was starting to get dark and her ass looked amazing in the fading light.

After an extraordinarily long ass massage period, Sam let Katy know it was time to roll over.

"I can't exactly roll over without my bra on," she said.

"Well it's pretty dark, I probably couldn't see anything anyway," grinned Sam.

"Yeah right, you could see plenty," she responded. "I'll tell you what, you give me your towel and I'll close my eyes."

Katy said it like she was kidding, but Sam jumped at the idea. He took his towel off and draped it across her back.

"Ack, are you naked?" she screamed.

"Yes, you said you wouldn't look," he said.

"Ok, I'm rolling over," she said.

"Ok," Sam answered.

"Are you sure?" she said.

"Yes, go ahead!"

She carefully moved around so that she was laying on her back, and the towel was covering up her breasts. Sam thought he saw her glance over at his naked body, but it was hard to tell in the darkening room.

It was a completely different sensation for Sam giving a massage while nude, and it was better in every way. As he gave her a thorough rubdown, his cock was rock hard. He was taking Katy at her word that she was keeping her eyes closed, because periodically he could not stop the urge to stroke his cock a few times. With the room darker, him naked and Katy in just a towel and a thong, it had rapidly become by far the most erotic massage they had shared. His cock was rock hard the entire time, which was good, because if he had been semi erect he probably would've been jabbing her with his cock during the rubdown.

When he got up to her chest, he was dying to rip the towel away and massage her breasts, and he was thinking to himself that she wouldn't have resisted, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. Instead, he spent some extra time just above and just below her breasts, coming closer than he ever had to actually touching them.

He finished up with her stomach rubdown, and when he was finished and time for his turn, he just rolled over face down. He was loving the feeling of being full nude, and he was hoping she didn't put the towel back on him.

She didn't, and he also noted that she put the towel down on the bed, so while he couldn't see her because he was face down, he knew that she was now dressed just in a thong as she gave him his rubdown. He loved the feeling of having his ass exposed, and feeling Katy climb around on top of his bare ass as she rubbed his upper and lower body. But he nearly stopped breathing when she began to massage his ass. She took both of her hands and rubbed and caressed one cheek, then the other, and as she slid her hands from one side to the other he could feel her hands lightly brushing up against his balls. Then she began pushing him down into the bed as she rolled her hands over his ass, allowing him to grind his hard cock into the bed.

While that part ended too soon, it was only to get better when the time came to roll over. He wanted nothing more than to roll over, fully nude, with his cock proudly reaching towards the ceiling. But he wasn't sure what his sister would think about that.

"Hold on a sec," she said. Sam felt her move over on the bed and he realized she was putting her bra back on. That was a let down, but the way he felt now, he would rather be naked than see her naked. Then she got off the bed and he heard her light a match and looked over to see that she was lighting a candle by the bed. The room had gotten much darker, and the candle put out a dim but warm glow across the bed.

"Ok, time to roll over," Katy said, and just as he was about to roll over in the full nude he felt the towel on his back. She had thrown him the towel to cover up with.

Oh well, he thought. Probably for the best. He rolled over awkwardly, moving the towel over him. But rather than wrap the towel around himself, he just let a small portion of the towel cover up his midsection. His privates were covered, but in the most minimal way possible. He felt incredibly aroused thinking about Katy looking at his nearly naked body. When he opened his eyes briefly to look down at her, he became even more aroused. She looked incredibly sexy in her bra and panties, and while her hands were working on his legs, her eyes were on his crotch.

As she worked on his thighs, the towel kept shifting slightly, slowly exposing him more. He easily could've reached down and moved the towel back into place, but instead he shifted his legs, rotated his hips, and even subtly used his hands to pull the towel to the side.

Katy was working on his thigh, letting her long thin fingers move up to his hip, when the towel suddenly gave way and slipped off his body, exposing her to his full nude glory.

Sam held his breath while he waited for a reaction, he assumed that she would probably just pull the towel back over him. Instead, after a momentary pause, she went back to the massage. She ran her hands up one thigh and then the other, coming achingly close to brushing up against his rock hard cock, before moving up to rub his lower abdomen.

He took a deep breath, and then let it slowly out. Then he sighed, and then sighed again. He was having the most erotic experience of his life, and he had to say something.

"Feels sooooo good," he said softly.

"I can tell," she whispered back.

She moved up and began rubbing his chest and abdomen, and Sam's cock got harder than ever. She was moving her hands down over his stomach, covering every inch of his torso except for his aching cock. It was a fabulously sensuous tease, and he couldn't help but let out a soft moan every time her fingers came close to his cock.

She may have brushed up against him accidentally, or it may have been completely in his imagination, but whatever it was it sent him over the edge, and with a loud groan his throbbing cock released a torrent of fluid all over his midsection.

It didn't take long for Sam to go from being orgasmic to feeling guilty.

"Sorry about that sis, I guess I kinda lost it there."

"That's ok," she answered. "Is that the first time that's happened during our massages?"

"Not the first time, it has happened a few times," he said. "Your massages are so good you don't even need to touch the good parts."

"I wondered about that," she said. She took the towel and began to dutifully clean Sam's torso. She paused briefly to get a little bit of his load on her fingers, which she tested out by rubbing between her fingers and thumb. Sam made a mental note to remember that image for later. She finished cleaning him up and tossed the towel aside.

"So what about you," said Sam. "Have you had an orgasm during our massages?"

"Not quite, but close," she answered. "I tried for a long time to not be aroused, but well, it is just not that easy. Having your body massaged, even by your brother, is a pretty sensual experience."

"Very sensual," said Sam. He was relieved that they were talking openly about it. "I guess it is a good thing we have Rule Three."

"Yes, the rule about no touching of the private parts, is pretty key," she said. "Thank heavens for Rule Three. However, I think we should authorize a Rule Seven, that nude massage is allowed, as long as it is done in strict accordance with Rule Three."

"I concur on the addition of Rule Seven," Sam said.

"I would suggest that it is also prudent to include a Rule Eight, that states that there is nothing wrong with either participant becoming aroused, even to the point of orgasm, during said massage," Katy added.

"Motion seconded and enthusiastically passed," grinned Sam.

They sat there quietly on the bed for a while before she spoke up again. "You know, there is a way we could, sort of, get around Rule Three," she said.

Sam cocked and eye and looked at her. "Oh yeah?"

Katy got off the bed and walked over to the closet. She looked so damn sexy walking away from him in that thong. She disappeared inside for a moment and came out carrying something.

"Another treasure from the parent's sex closet," she grinned.

As she got closer, Sam realized that she was carrying a vibrator, a fairly life-like version. She turned the switch and it came buzzing to life. "This is the way around Rule Three."

"I'm not sure I'm following you," Sam said.

She smiled at him. "Well Monday is going to be our last day for Massage Club, because the parents are coming back Tuesday. So you have all weekend to think about it, I'll bet that you'll figure it out before Monday."

She tossed the dildo on the bed beside him and walked out of the room. It took him about five minutes of looking at the dildo and thinking about Rule 3 before it hit him. Like a ton of bricks.

It hit him like a ton of bricks all day Saturday and all day Sunday, and by the time Monday rolled around he had developed some pretty extensive ideas on how to violate Rule Three. Sam went to soccer practice in the morning in a complete state of distraction and somehow didn't injure himself. He rushed home after practice, when he walked into his parent's bedroom there was a note on the bed from Katy. It said that Final Meeting of the Massage Club would be delayed until 7 pm, and that she would see him then.

So now Sam had to endure a full afternoon of torture waiting for the next massage adventure. He couldn't help but wonder if Katy was just trying to drive him crazy. It was working, he was so wound up that he actually went for a run around 6 pm, and didn't get home until around 7.

When he walked into his parent's room, Katy was already there, face down on the bed covered by a white silk sheet. She had candles lit on either side of the bed, and the dildo was on the bed beside her.

"Hurry up," she said. "I've been thinking about this all weekend."

"Me too," he said. He took the world's fastest shower and came back wrapped in a towel. He got into the bed and pulled back the sheet to find what he had hoped, his sister, nude except for a lacy thong. Fully nude would have been better, but he could see her point in keeping things at least somewhat covered.

He wasted no time, getting her body oiled up and going through the usual sequence, starting with her shoulders and back, then legs. But he also incorporated the dildo into each segment. He turned the vibration on high and ran it all over her back, then her legs, and even on her feet, which tickled her so bad she had to squeal.

Then came the ass massage. He started with his hands, rubbing, caressing, tickling. Then he turned on the dildo and rubbed it across both of her ass cheeks, getting it oiled up. Then he slipped it down in between her legs, letting it slide once up and down the length of her thong covered pussy. Her body convulsed with the contact, and she moaned. She was no longer pretending that massage club wasn't erotic.

Sam teased her mercilessly, running the dildo slowly up the inside of her thigh, and then coming achingly close to her pussy before sliding it over to the other leg and repeating the process. He could tell from her subtle gyrations he was getting to her, she was trying to move into position so that the dildo contacting her clit. She spread her legs slightly wider and raised her hips off the bed, allowing him full access. Still, he teased her, keeping the vibrating dildo just inches away from her warm pussy.

Sam was enjoying teasing her and watching her react, but he was also uncertain about how far she wanted him to go. The fact that she had kept the thong on suggested that maybe he wasn't supposed to go too far with the dildo, maybe he was just supposed to massage the outside.

Katy put that issue to rest when she reached behind her and pulled the thong over to one side, exposing her glistening pussy. Sam got the message, and began to move the dildo closer, first massaging her outer lips, then slowly and carefully easing the head of the dildo inside, just barely. Katy gasped at the contact. Sam realized she was so wet that he could've easily slipped it quickly inside her, but once again he took his time, putting the vibrating tool in a little bit at a time, going a little bit deeper every time. She looked back and glared at him with a look that screamed "Put it in!" and she reached back and ripped the thong off. Finally, after a long and erotic torture, he slipped the vibrating cock all the way in, and Katy put her face into a pillow and groaned loudly.

Sam worked the vibrator in and out of her pussy, slowly at first and then gradually faster. He also turned the vibrator up so that it was now on high. At some point his towel had fallen away, and he was on his knees beside Katy, one hand on her lower back, the other working the vibrator in and out, with his cock as hard as nails poised just above her. She was beginning to move in rhythm with his thrusting of the vibrator, and then suddenly she got up on her knees so that he was fucking her doggy style with the dildo, and then she collapsed back down in a convulsion onto the bed. He sensed that she had enjoyed the benefits of the newly instituted Rule Eight, which approved all orgasms. He turned the vibrator down some and let it linger softly around the edges of her wet pussy.

"Fuck," she said.

Sam laughed. "Ready to turn over?"

Still in a post orgasmic funk, Katy turned over without even thinking about the fact that she was now completely nude. She put a pillow under her so her head was propped up and looked over at Sam. "Ready when you are," she answered, and closed her eyes.

Sam stood frozen above his sister, he was seeing her fully nude for the first time, and she was a vision. Her breasts were perfectly shaped and awesome to behold, and her pussy was clean shaven.

"Wow," he said.

"What?" said Katy.

"Wow, like, as in wow, you've got a fabulous body," he said.

"Oh, thanks," she said smiling. "You too."

Sam took a deep breath and collected himself. He went through the usual massage process, using his hands at first and then switching over to the dildo. It was super erotic to watch the vibrating cock move up and down her legs. Then he moved to her upper half, rubbing the cock over her stomach, then her upper chest, and then around her shoulders. Just when he thought it couldn't get more erotic, he moved the cock up to where it was massaging her neck, and then her cheek. Her eyes were closed as he was doing this, and he couldn't help but imagine that the cock he was rubbing on her face was his. As he moved it across her face, she turned slightly so that her mouth came in contact with it, and she kissed it softly.

From there he moved it down to her breasts, and, taking a chance, he moved the vibrating cock in slow circles around her breasts, moving closer to the nipples with each pass. Not sensing any resistance, he gradually rolled the cock over her nipples, which immediately caused her to roll her head to one side and sigh. He spent the next mesmerizing moments moving the vibrating cock in small circles around her nipples. He spent so much time on her nipples that he had to add oil a few times. He was pretty sure that she really enjoyed it, but he KNEW that he was enjoying it.

Next he moved the vibrator back down to her midsection, where he once again tortured her with teasingly coming closer and closer to her wet pussy. By the time he slipped it down between her legs, the vibrator practically slid all the way inside her with no friction at all.

Sam sat on his knees perched above her, one hand gently massaging her pussy with the vibrator, the other hand moving around and massaging her wherever the rules of Massage Club allowed, which was pretty much everywhere except the good parts. As sensuous as it was to watch her beautiful body writhing around beneath him, perhaps the most erotic thing was that she had opened her eyes, and she was staring at his cock. She had a pillow propping up her head, so she was close to eye level with his cock, and as he massaged her she ogled his body.

He turned up the vibrator and stepped up the pace just a bit, and before long she was wiggling around the bed and moaning. He felt her body tense up, and her hips lifted up off the bed. She squeezed her legs together so tight his hand couldn't move, but luckily the vibrator was inside her to the hilt. She jerked a few times and then she fell back on the bed, letting out a long, deep sigh and melting into the bed like jelly.

"Fucking hell," she gasped. "That massage was worth every penny."

Sam laughed. "Right, especially since it was completely free!"

"Not completely free, since now I have to give you your final massage," she grinned. "I guess I'd better make it memorable."

"It's already memorable," said Sam, moving over to lie face down on the bed. He put the towel down first, because he had a feeling he might need it.

It wasn't long before he KNEW he was going to need it. Katy climbed onto his back, as she had done previously, but this time, she was naked, and the very idea of that had his head spinning and his cock growing. She was straddling his back and rubbing his shoulders and back, and he could feel her moist crotch sliding up and down his oily back.

Then he heard the vibrator turn on, and he held his breath waiting on what would happen next. He wasn't sure how he felt about having a dildo massage, but the vibrations felt amazing on his body and he relaxed quickly. She worked it over his shoulders and neck and back, stopping just above his ass. Then she swung around so she was facing his feet and started giving his legs a rubdown. When she leaned down to reach his feet, Sam could feel her breasts dangling down onto his legs. Then she did his legs with the vibrator. It felt terrific, and the visual that he had of Katy's hands on the vibrator made it even better.

She switched positions again, this time straddling his lower legs, and started massaging his ass. It seems to Sam that she was pushing extra hard, grinding his cock into the bed, and he was starting to worry how long he could last like this without losing it.

Then he felt the vibrator, running up his upper thighs and over his ass, working one cheek and then the other, and then dipping down briefly into his crotch. The contact on his balls was electric, and there was no hiding it, his body jerked in response. She slid the dildo up and down the inside of his crotch, making contact with both his balls and his cock. The vibration feeling was well beyond anything he anticipated, and he felt himself losing control fast. He exploded forcefully into the towel, groaning loudly. He didn't care about hiding it, which made it much more intense.

Katy had climbed off of him and was kneeling beside him, lightly running her fingers over his back, down his ass and legs. When he finally caught his breath he rolled over, holding the towel to his stomach. Once he was on his back he used the towel to wipe up the load that was mostly on his stomach.

"Fuck," he laughed. "Now I know why you said that earlier."

She laughed back at him. "Good so far, huh?"

"Perfect," he said, tossing the towel aside. He propped his head up on some pillows, because while he was looking forward to having his front side massaged, he was really looking forward to WATCHING his front side being massaged, and he was really, really looking forward to watching his nude sister massaging his front side.

Katy didn't waste any time, getting right back to work. She moved down to the foot of the bed and started at his feet, alternating rubbing them first with her hands then with the vibrator. The vibrator tickled at first, but once he got used to it he really liked the way if felt on the bottom of his feet. Then she worked his calf muscles, slowly working her way up his legs. When she got to his thighs, she shifted herself up onto his legs, so now she was straddling his lower legs as she rubbed his thighs down with her hands and the dildo. The combination of seeing and feeling her fabulous naked body on top of him and having her caressing his thighs had his cock rapidly stiffening back up again.

Katy worked her hands up his upper thighs, being careful to steer clear of any direct contact with his cock. As she worked her way upwards, she would lay down a stream of oil first, then follow up with her hands and then the vibrator. She had a hand on each thigh, and she would slowly move her hands upward on his legs, and as she did so she would bend forward at the waist. Then she would glide up past his groin and then over his stomach, then back again. After a while, she crawled up past his knees, so now she was perched on his thighs, and she continued the pattern, sliding her hands all the way up to his chest and shoulders. For her to reach up that high, she was bending over so that her stomach was nearly brushing up against his cock. Then she would move her hands back down until she was once again in a sitting position. After a couple of epic repetitions of this, she took the oil bottle and dribbled some more out onto his thighs, then his stomach, then his chest. Then she moved the bottle over his cock and squeezed a drop out of the bottle. Sam watched mesmerized as the drop appeared at the bottle opening, gradually gathered enough weight for gravity to take over, and then moved through the air in slow motion until it landed with a splash on the top of his cock. He smiled and groaned his approval, so she did it a few more times, until his cock was nice and slick with oil.

She turned on the vibrator and began to systematically work the tool over his upper and middle body, coming close, but not quite touching, his now throbbing hard cock. His eyes pleaded with her to rub it up against his cock, but she was enjoying torturing him as he had tortured her. And it was torture, wonderful torture.

Just as he decided he couldn't take it anymore, she sat upright on his legs and held the dildo in her hands where he could see it. She grinned at his pleading eyes, and then she began to stroke the dildo with her long thin fingers. She poured some oil on it and began to slowly jerk it off, stroking it through her fingers. Then she lifted the cock to her mouth and she kissed it, once, twice, and then she licked it the entire length.

"Ohhhh, you are sooo, sooo bad," Sam said.

She laughed wickedly at him. "Yes I am," she said.

She shifted on the bed so that she was straddling his right thigh, her wet crotch slick on his leg. She turned the vibrator up and lowered it slowly to his cock. She ran it slowly around his balls and then up one side of his hard cock and then the other. He realized with utter disappointment that there was no way he was going to last very long. He didn't want this to end, his cock had never felt better. He breathed deeply and tried to relax to make it last as long as possible.

Meanwhile Katy seemed to be having a fantastic time giving him a cock massage, and it also seemed to be turning her on. As she ran the vibrator over his cock and balls, she was grinding her pussy into his leg, gyrating slowly back and forth.

He felt the orgasm starting in his toes, working up through his legs, in every hair follicle on his head, all welling up. His whole body felt like it was on fire, and as Katy leaned forward and put her face within inches of where the two cocks were rubbing together, he began to lose control. She was moving the dildo in circles around his cock, and he was so completely aroused that time seemed to slow down. His cock was pointing straight up at the ceiling, and she was looking at it with fascination as she slid the oily dildo around and around the head of his cock. His back arched up and he made some kind of primal groan and then he was exploding, seemingly everywhere. Katy reacted as well, humping his leg faster as she watched his cock spewing uncontrollably. In all the thrashing they both lost sense of where they were.

When the wave of passion had passed, Katy fell over sideways onto the bed, and he tried to catch his breath. Eventually they ended up laying on the bed, side by side, quietly regaining their composure.

Neither said a word for a long, long time, and then out of the blue, Katy started to giggle. Slowly at first, then faster, more out of control. It was contagious, and before long Sam was laughing as well, and it fed on itself until they were both laughing hysterically.

Eventually Sam finally caught his breath from laughing. "We are both completely nuts," he gasped.

"No doubt," said Katy. "It's a good thing for Rule One and Two or they'd put us in the nut house."

"We're nuts, but wow, that massage was beyond all my fantasies," he said.

"Oh, you had fantasies?" she grinned.

He blushed but she saved him.

"Me too," she said. "I'll say this, us not having sex was the best sex I've ever had."

"Ditto," he said.

They lay quietly in the candlelight on the bed for a while.

"I guess it is probably a good thing that Massage Club has to come to an end tonight," Sam said. "Who knows what we'd have done in the next session?"

"Right, we'd probably get some crazy ideas about adding some new rules," she said. "Like Rule 9, that while we are not allowed to TOUCH each other's SPECIAL areas with our HANDS, maybe we could TOUCH each other's SPECIAL areas with OTHER parts."

As she said this, she illustrated by taking the dildo and slipping it into her grinning mouth.

"Oh my," he said. "I think Rule Nine would be crazy. Insane. Out of control. And I am completely in favor of Rule Nine."

She laughed and hooted. "Rule Nine approved!"

"We might also consider Rule Ten," Sam said. "While Rule Three prohibits touching each other's privates, Rule Ten would clarify that it is permissible for each other's privates to come in contact."

"Eeeck, pervert alert," she screamed, throwing a pillow at him. "You're talking about your sister you sick twisted freak. But since we are never going to have another Massage Club meeting, I am going to vote in favor of Rule Ten."

"I guess it is a very good thing that Massage Club is closing for business, I think we're having a little too much fun," Sam said.

"Fun while it lasted," she replied.

Just then the phone beside the bed rang, and Katy reached over and picked it up. Sam couldn't hear the voice on the phone, he just heard Katy's side.

"Yes. Uh Huh. Ok. I understand. Ok, that's no problem, we'll see you then."

She hung up the phone and got a weird look on her face.

"Who was that?" Sam said.

"Mom and Dad," she said.

"Ah, what did they want, to tell us what time to pick them up at the airport tomorrow?"

"Not exactly," she answered. "They won't be at the airport tomorrow, they decided to stay another week."

Sam felt the air coming out of his lungs as this news sunk in. "Another week?" he stammered.

"Yep, another week," Katy said.

"Wow," Sam replied.

The lay back on the bed, staring at the ceiling, in silence, letting the news settle in.

"So, I reckon that Massage Club might have a few more sessions," Katy said slowly.

"Indeed," said Sam. "I guess we'll have to come up with some more rules?"

The Massage Club Pt. 02
bySPEN STERLING©

It was the morning after the seventh day of The Massage Club, the name that Sam and his sister Katy had come up with for their daily massage trade. They had started the massages to improve their aches and pains from summer soccer practice, and they had made a huge difference in helping them recover from sore muscles. But over the seven days the massages had slowly gone from therapeutic to erotic, to the point that they had graduated to nude, full body massages, albeit with some strict limitations on certain contact with key areas. The rules for Massage Club had started simple - 1. Don't talk about massage club. 2. Don't EVER talk about massage club. 3. Absolutely no touching of the private parts during the massage. But over time, they had made some changes to the rules, like allowing ass massage and nudity. Each day the massages had gotten more racy. On what they thought was the last night of Massage Club, things had gotten really crazy, with Katy pulling a life-like vibrating dildo out of their parent's sex closet, and they used it on each other as part of the massage.

They thought it was going to the last night because they thought their parents were coming home from a trip to Europe, but as fate would have it, the trip got extended a week. So suddenly they were looking at another week of massage club. Sam had been up all night thinking about the potential for more erotic massage adventures.

After a restless, mostly sleepless night, Sam staggered bleary eyed into the kitchen to find Katy looking pretty tired as well. She was dressed in shorts and a t-shirt and eating cereal. In the post arousal light of day, there was a bit of tension in the air. She looked up at him and blushed a bit, and Sam struggled for something to say to break the ice. As twins they had always been really open and frank in their conversations, but the last week had been a pretty wild ride.

"So," he said.

Katy blushed again. "So what," she said, smiling slightly.

"So the parents are gone for another week," he answered.

"I guess so," she said.

"So ... I guess that maybe The Massage Club has one more week then?" he said hopefully.

"Well, maybe," she said. "The Massage Club got a little crazy last night, and some of those rules we were joking about adding might need to be repealed."

"Right, like Rule 9, that stated it was ok to touch each other's private parts with other parts, or Rule 10, that stated it was permissible for private parts to come in contact," he said.

"Oh my lord, did we actually make that rule?" she said. "I suggest we repeal Rules 9 and 10, and reiterate that Rule 3 be strictly adhered to."

"I concur," Sam said, pouring them both a glass of orange juice. "Here's to Rule 3, absolutely no touching of the private parts." They toasted the deal with the orange juice.

They laughed and sat silently for a while. "I did enjoy making up the rules as we went along," said Katy.

Sam laughed. Making up the rules was half the fun," he said. "We can still add rules. Why don't we agree to allow one rule to be added each day until we reach the end of Massage Club."

"Sounds like a deal," she replied. "But in strict compliance with Rules 1 through 3."

It was getting close to 9 am, almost time for soccer practice.

"So I'll meet you at The Massage Club room at 6 pm sharp?" he asked.

"See ya there," she replied.

As he had every day for the past week, Sam spent the rest of the day fantasizing about the upcoming massage. Sometimes his fantasies involved breaking Rule 3, but then he would remind himself he was thinking about his sister, and he would limit his fantasies to everything but breaking Rule 3.

Rules 4 and 5 were that all massages were preceded by a shower, and all massages took place on their parent's big comfortable bed, so Sam was showered and relaxing on the bed at 5 pm sharp. He had a towel around his waist, but he was looking forward to being naked. He liked seeing his sister naked, she had a fit, tan, smoking hot body, but he honestly liked being naked in front of her even more. He liked the way it felt, but he also liked the way she looked at his body. He was aware that she had limited experiences with boys, so it seemed like she was checking him out in part out of curiosity.

He heard her coming down the hall and took a deep breath to relax. She came in wearing a short, silky black robe, her hair still wet from the shower. Sam made a mental note to thank his parent's for staying out of town longer.

"Who's first?" she asked.

"Well I'm already on the bed, so I vote me," Sam grinned. He rolled over on his stomach and threw the towel at her.

"Not the massage," she said. "Who gets to make the first new rule?"

"Oh, well, ladies first I guess," he said.

Sam felt her climb into position over the back of his legs and pour some oil on his back. He couldn't tell if she had taken off the robe and his face was in the pillow so he couldn't see. He decided to imagine she was, the massage was much better that way.

Her hands went to work on his back and shoulders and he was immediately in heaven. He spent a lot of time fantasizing about the erotic elements of the massage, but in all honesty the therapeutic benefits were equally memorable. Soccer practice was brutal, and Katy's massages made his body feel remarkably better.

Katy's massage routine started at the shoulders and worked down to his ass. Then, she would shift over so that she was sitting on his back facing his feet, and do his legs and feet. She was about middle way down his back when he spoke up.

"So what's today's new rule?" he mumbled blissfully into the pillow.

"Well, I had a thought ... it's a little embarrassing, but ... well, here goes," she stammered. "Today's rule is that after the massage, you can, um, I get to, um..."

"Spit it out sister," he laughed.

"I want to watch you masturbate," she blurted out.

The statement hung in the air for a while, and they were silent as she continued rubbing his lower back. The very thought of that had Sam's cock making a serious dent in the mattress.

"I'd be ok with that," he said finally. "But I'm not going alone, you have to masturbate in front of me too."

Sam felt Katy pause for a brief moment, then her hands went back to work rubbing his back. After a while, she softly said ok, and Sam's cock got even harder.

Katy's hands worked their way down to his ass, and Sam ground his cock into the mattress. Since she wasn't allowed to massage his cock, the ass massage was the closest thing to illicit contact, and it was easily Sam's favorite part of the face down part of the massage. During some of the previous sessions, it had aroused him so much he would lose a load into the towel underneath him.

He could've easily allowed himself to come today as well, but the thought of masturbating in front of his sister made him want to hold off.

Katy spent a considerable amount of time working on his feet, squeezing them so hard they almost hurt. Then, wrapping up the backside massage part, she lightly dragged her fingertips from his calves all the way to his ass, briefly tickling his balls with the lightest of touches. Then she smacked his ass with both hands and told him to roll over.

Sam rolled over on the bed and noted that Katy was still dressed in the robe, so he was mildly disappointed. He could sense, however, that she was naked under the robe, and it was practically falling open.

The front side of Katy's massage routine was even more epic than the backside. After the back was complete, Sam would roll over, and she would do his front, usually starting at his feet and working slowly up his legs. Being naked, it was impossible for him to not be aroused, and he had become comfortable with the idea of having a massive erection on display during this time. She knew just how to tease him, coming tantalizingly close to rubbing his cock as she rubbed his upper thighs and lower stomach. Sometimes he would become so aroused it was all he could do to not grab her hands and wrap them around his cock, but he knew he would be in trouble for breaking Rule 3.

The front side massage would generally conclude with Katy straddling his thighs, bending over him to make long strokes up his chest to his shoulders. Her stomach would come within inches of his cock, and again he would have to painfully resist the urge to bow up his back and thrust his cock up into her torso. By the time she was finished with him, he was rock hard and totally aroused, and feeling rather proud that he had managed to not unload during the session.

Giving the massage was nearly as much fun for Sam as getting it. Over the last week Sam had perfected his own technique, and was pleased at his ability to both give a great workout massage that also obviously had Katy quite aroused. Plus it was incredibly fun to be rubbing her hot body as his naked cock bobbed away above her.

She was still not quite as bold as Sam about getting naked, so he turned away and pretended not to look as she slipped out of the gown and last face down on the bed. It had been a few days since they had started doing full nude massages, but seeing her naked was still a treat that stopped his heartbeat.

Sam followed basically the same massage routine, starting with shoulders, working down the back and to the ass, and then flipping around and doing the legs and feet. Since the second massage they had been using massage oil, and Sam loved the way the oil looked and felt gliding over his sister's tanned and smooth skin. One of his favorite parts of the massage was working down to her lower back and working his hands around her hips and then down over her ass. At first, she had been tense when his hands worked on her ass, but eventually she began to loosen up, to the point that she would grind her hips into the mattress just like he did.

He also liked to tease her mercilessly, moving his fingers over her inner thighs and coming achingly close to her wet pussy. He would've been more than happy to do more than tease her, but he was also committed to obeying Rule 3.

As much as she seemed to like the teasing part, he seemed to sense that the foot massage was equally satisfying for her. She would wriggle in pleasure as he worked on her feet, and he always devoted ample time there. When he was done with the feet, he would lightly drag his fingers over her, starting at her shoulders and moving all the way down to her toes. He could tell she liked that by how she shivered and sighed.

Of course, the whole time he was working on the massage, he was thinking about what was coming, and his cock was hard as steel just thinking about it. He was equal parts nervous and excited at the idea of stroking his cock in front of his sister.

Then it was her turn to roll over, and Sam's turn to admire the front side of her body. Katy had a great figure, athletic and toned, with pert, shapely breasts. He ached to put his hands on those breasts, but Katy had declared those off limits. He made a mental note to think about a rule change in regards to that as he started working on her feet and lower legs.

Another favorite part of his massage routine was working on her upper thighs. They were probably the most sore from running, but that wasn't why he spent so much time on them. He spent the time because he loved running his fingers up and down her legs and up to her hips, all while admiring the shiny look of her shaved pussy area.

Then it was on to the stomach, around the breasts and then up to her chest and shoulders. He liked to let his hands drift up the edges of her breasts, and he sensed that she enjoyed it, but if he ever got to high he would get a reprimand.

Katy's massage completed, Sam climbed off her and moved over on the bed. To his slight disappointment, she slipped the robe back on, but she didn't fasten it. He decided she looked every bit as sexy with it hanging open on her shoulders as she did fully naked.

There was an awkward pause, and Katy blushed. "So, I guess I get to see you masturbate now?" she said.

"I guess so," Sam answered. "I'd say it would be my pleasure, but that would be obvious."

She giggled. "I hope my request doesn't seem weird, I've just never seen a guy do it, and well, I am interested to see it, maybe learn what kind of, um, things, guys like."

"I am more than happy to be your guinea pig," Sam said.

He eased over onto his back and sat up against the pillows at the top of the bed. He took a deep breath and tried to collect himself. He realized that the idea of jerking off in front of his sister was a little different than actually doing it. He was kinda nervous.

"This is odd, this is usually something I do by myself," he said. "Actually, it is always something I do by myself."

Katy giggled. "Well how do you usually, when you're by yourself, get things started?"

He chuckled and relaxed. Katy had a way of making everything open and casual. "Well usually, I don't start out this hard," he said, pointing to his cock. "So I start out by just lightly stroking it until it gets hard."

He showed her, using the fingers on his hands to lightly move up and down his cock, as she watched in rapt attention. It was probably good he was going with a light touch, because his cock was quite sensitive. It was a good thing he would be the only one touching himself, because he probably wouldn't be able to control himself.

"So after I get it hard, then I might pour some oil on it to make it slick," he said, reaching for the oil.

But Katy snatched it first. "Here I'll do that for you," she said. She held the oil bottle over his cock and dribbled several drops down, causing his cock to twitch.

"Are you coming?" she said.

"No, sometimes it just twitches and jumps like that," he replied. "Especially when a hot girl is dripping oil on it."

He slipped his left hand down over his cock, his thumb and fingers forming a tunnel that he used to caress up and down the length of his cock. Katy watched him closely as he slid his fingers up and down, occasionally changing the angle of his cock.

"If I get too aroused and I'm not ready to come, sometimes it helps to push it down like this," he said, pushing his hard cock over so that it was pointing down toward his feet. "The front and top of my cock are the most sensitive part, so if I want to back off I rub the back of my cock and my balls," he added.

He watched Katy watching him, nodding and studying him as he slowly stroked up and down. He was enjoying her watching him way too much to stop, so he was controlling the pace and intensity of his stroking carefully.

"Say, didn't we agree that I wouldn't be the only one doing this?" he asked.

Katy stared at him blankly for a few seconds of interpretation, then she blushed a bit.

"Fair is fair, I guess," she said softly. She sat up on her knees beside him and spread her legs just slightly. She reached down with one hand and slipped a finger into her pussy, but her hand was blocking Sam's view.

"Tell me how you do it," he said. In all honesty, he didn't know how girls masturbated, he wasn't that experienced.

"Well, I like to, uh, just kind of run my finger around my, um, clit area, just kinda draw circles around it," she said, gasping a bit as the erotic nature of describing the act made it even more arousing. Meanwhile, Sam was having a hard time keeping his mouth from falling open. He had dramatically slowed down the rhythmic stroking of his cock, because watching Katy had his balls ready to burst.

She caught up with him quickly, sliding her finger over her clit as she watched Sam stroke his cock. She leaned back and spread her legs even more, showing her open pussy, which pushed Sam beyond the edge of control. He gave her a subtle nod to let her know he was losing it, and he began to rapidly increase the speed of his cock stroking. He heard her moaning and realized he was moaning too as he lost his load all over his stomach.

Katy collapsed on the bed beside him, and they both sighed and then laughed.

"Wow, so that was pretty damn intense," she said.

"No doubt," he replied.

"So what does it feel like when you masturbate?" she asked.

"Well, it feels really good, intense. It's hard to explain. It feels warm and tingly, and it builds and builds and then there is just like this big release."

He paused and looked over at her. "So what's it like for you?"

She grinned at him. "Just like you said," she answered. "I just don't make the big mess."

He looked down at the sticky mess on his stomach and nodded. "Lucky you."

"Ok, I guess I'll see you tomorrow afternoon for our next massage session," she said. "This time it's your turn to pick a new rule, better make it a good one."

Sam nodded. "It will be hard to top that one, but I will work on it."

Sam did work on it, spending a good bit of time staring at the ceiling in the middle of the night thinking about it. At exactly 1:13 am, he came up with the new rule for the next session, then he spent the next hour fantasizing about it. He woke up thinking about it, and all day fantasizing about it more. By 6 pm he was fit to be tied.

He walked into the bedroom at a little past six and Katy was already there, face down on the bed with a towel draped over her waist.

"About time, where ya been?" she asked.

"I had to run to the grocery store," he replied.

"The grocery store?" she said, turning her head to peer back at him. "What for?"

"You just relax for now," he said, slipping out of his robe and easing onto the bed. He poured some oil on her back and set right in on the massage. He was halfway down her back before she spoke up.

"So what's the new rule for today?" she asked.

"The new rule is, after I finish your massage today, I am going to eat something that I put on your body," he said. "And after you finish my massage, you are going to do the same."

Katy cocked her head a bit as she contemplated that rule. "That sounds a little weird."

"Sometimes weird is fun," he answered. "By the way, it will all be done with strict compliance to Rule 3."

"Ok then, as long as Rule 3 isn't violated, I'm in," she said.

Sam had prepared for a more lengthy discussion and battle over his new rule, so when she so readily agreed he was practically trembling with anticipation. He had to slow himself down to complete the massage. After he finished her back and her front, he was straddling her legs and reached over to pick up a bag by the nightstand. He held up the back for her to see and then ceremoniously reached inside and pulled out ... a can of spray whipped cream.

Her mouth came open in surprise. "I thought we were going to be eating crackers or grapes or something," she said.

"That wouldn't be nearly as much fun," he grinned, shaking the can. "Get ready for a cool whip."

Sam pointed the can down and sprayed a spot on her belly, which made her jump a bit from the cold contact. Then he sprayed another spot on her belly, then another. Then he went for broke, spraying down a foam cover on both of her breasts.

She looked at hime suspiciously. "So you're going to eat this off my breasts without touching them?" she said.

"That's the plan," he replied, looking at her hungrily. "I'll prove it by doing your stomach first."

She gave him a long look that said "you'd better not," and then closed her eyes. "How creative," she said.

Sam started with the whipped cream on her belly, where it was ok for him to come in contact. He used those spots as practice, using his tongue to lick up the cream as close as he could without actually touching. Once he proved he could get it off her belly without touching her, he went ahead and licked her clean. He couldn't help but notice that the entire time he was doing it, she was tense, but she was also smiling.

His mouth watering now for more, he moved up on all fours to the breasts that he had been adoring for the last several days. His instinct was to plunge his mouth over her nipples and suck on them all night long, but instead he lightly worked around the edges, nipping at the whipped cream wherever it was thickest. He was cautious to not let his tongue contact her breasts, but he knew he was coming very close. He could tell by her trembling and sighing. 

Eventually he had licked his way all the way around both breasts, leaving just a small dollop of cream on each of her nipples. He looked up at her face, she was biting her lower lip and looking down at him like she was in pain.

"Do you want me to clean up that last little bit?" he asked softly.

She looked at him for a long time, he could tell she was being tortured by the choice. She eventually gave in.

"Yes," she said softly. "But just this one time," she added sternly.

His mouth began watering uncontrollably, and it wasn't because of the cream. He leaned down and let the tip of his tongue drag lightly over the side of one breast, just off the nipple, and then he did it again on the other side. He looked up at her to see what kind of reaction she was having. Her eyes were closed and her mouth had fallen wide open. He had her.

Slowly he leaned down again and dragged his tongue around in slow circles around her nipple, coming closer to the last bit of cream remaining. He repeated the sequence on the other breast, this time coming even closer to her nipple. He looked up and her mouth was still wide open, almost as if she was in a silent scream.

He moved back over to the other breast and did another long, slow lick around her nipple, and then he slid his mouth over and engulfed the cream, his lips coming in light contact with her hard nipple. Then he moved back in for the full cleanup, taking the sugary cream and her nipple fully into his mouth and sucking softly, his tongue still moving in slow circles. He heard, and felt, her gasp. Then he moved over to the other nipple and finished cleaning it up in the same way. It somehow felt even harder than the first.

After giving it a brief but thorough cleaning, he stopped to look up at her. Her mouth was still wide open, and it was almost like she was in a frozen state. Then she gave out a long, slow exhale and her body slowly relaxed.

"Oh my," she said. "Oh, oh, my, my."

"Worth breaking the rule?" he whispered.

"Oh yes," she answered. "Oh, oh, yes, yes."

Then she collected herself just a bit. "But only this one time," she added sternly.

He nodded and watched her bite her lip just a bit. Then she reached over and picked up the whipped cream and carefully covered her nipples again.

"Maybe just one more time," she said.

She didn't have to say it more than once, Sam leaned in and got right back to work. This time he was more direct and more thorough, taking each nipple deep into his mouth and sucking and licking it hard. Katy was quite a bit more vocal this time, letting out a string of oohs and aahs that only encourage Sam to continue. He was still sucking on one of her nipples when he took the whipped cream can and squeezed out a trail of cream dots down her stomach, and then he covered her entire pussy with the cream.

As he began to follow the trail down her stomach, he could hear Katy muttering to herself, and it took him a minute to figure out what she was saying. It was the same thing, over and over.

"Rule 3, Rule 3, Rule 3, Rule 3," she mumbled.

When he got down to her pussy he was very careful and very slow, making sure that his tongue didn't make any contact with the areas forbidden by Rule 3. He took long, slow licks of whipped cream on her upper thighs and lower stomach, but when he got to where her pussy was he would back off just a bit. At some point she reached down with both of her hands and grabbed two fistfuls of his hair. He wasn't sure if she was trying to hold him back or pull him in, but he ended up in a holding pattern lapping at the whipped cream until there was only a thin layer of it between his tongue and her body.

She suddenly realized she was reaching the point of no return and she pulled him off her by the hair.

"You are so bad," she shrieked. "You wait until your massage is over, I'm going to make you pay for this."

Sam laughed and rolled over on his stomach, relieved in a way that she had stopped him, because he was not far from not being able to stop. As Katy climbed on top of him and set immediately in on the massage, he could feel her grinding her wet pussy into his leg.

As always, the massage was epic, but it seemed to last way too long. Throughout the entire massage, all he could do was visualize his sister licking whipped cream off his cock. By the time she was finished with the massage, Sam was fit to be tied. Katy quickly made it worse on him.

"I am going to torture you worse than you tortured me," she grinned. "Prepare to be as painfully aroused as possible within the confines of Rule 3."

Sam leaned back against the pillows and clasped his hands behind his head. "Bring it on sister, I can handle it."

Katy grabbed the can of whipped cream and buried his cock with six inches of cream.

"Whoa, that's a lot of cream, are you going to eat all that?"

Katy licked her lips and grinned devilishly. "Every inch," she said.

She moved onto all fours and moved her face close to the cream, her eyes watching him the whole time. She had gotten so worked up about her planned torture that she had not donned the robe, so she was totally naked. Just as she looked like she was going to engulf the first layer of whipped cream, she sat back on her knees, then slipped off the bed and walked over to the closet, leaving Sam bewildered on the bed. When she came back from the closet, she had her hands behind her back.

"I brought a friend to help out," she said. As she climbed back on the bed, she revealed the friend, which was the life-like dildo vibrator from the secret sex area of their parent's closet. They had played with it extensively in a previous massage.

Sam was a bit confused at where this was going, but it looked interesting.

Katy got on her knees beside him and looked seductively at the whipped cream pile. "If I'm going to eat all of that, I'm going to need some help," she cooed.

Then she took the dildo and dragged it through the pile of whipped cream, thoroughly coating the tip of the dildo. It looked exactly like a real cock, in fact, it looked a lot like Sam's cock, maybe a little bigger. Katy looked at Sam and then she lifted the dildo up slowly to her mouth, and then she licked at the whipped cream with her tongue, tentatively at first and then more ravenously. Then she slid the cock into her mouth and closed her eyes and moaned loudly. She purposely allowed the whipped cream to slip out onto her face, so as she sucked on the cock her face became coated with the white cream.

Sam whimpered. This was going to be painful.

Katy continued on mercilessly, seductively dragging the dildo over his cock and collecting load after load of the cream, and then licking and sucking it right in front of Sam's aching eyes. It was the most erotic thing Sam had ever seen, but it was brutal watching it, wanting to be the cock that his sister's mouth was treating so kindly.

It took her four or five good loads before his cock was reasonably clean, and Sam was pretty sure he didn't move or breath during the entire session. When she finished the final load, she took a finger and cleaned the cream off her face and sucked it off her fingers.

"You are so terrible," he moaned.

She laughed hard. "That's what you said, eat something off your body, and I did that!"

"Well played sister, though not exactly what I had in mind," he said.

"Really, what did you have in mind?" she said coyly.

He blushed, unable to put into words what he really had in mind. "That was pretty incredible anyway."

She smiled and winked at him. "He liked it too," she said, holding up the dildo.

"I bet," Sam said.

"Ya know, if I'm being honest, I'm still kinda hungry," Katy said softly. She picked the whipped cream up and put another load of it over Sam's cock. Then she put some more on her pussy. "Are you still hungry?" she said.

Sam didn't need to be asked twice, he nodded and they moved around on the bed so that they were side by side in the 69 position. Just as he was about to dig in, his sister stopped him with a wagging finger. "Just don't forget Rule 3," she said.

For the next several minutes, Sam didn't forget Rule 3, in fact that was pretty much all he thought about, as he carefully licked his way around Katy's pussy, as he felt her carefully licking her way around his cock. It was agonizing ecstasy, both the giving and receiving. While he was careful, every once in a while he could feel his tongue brush up against flesh, and he would occasionally feel her tongue brush up against his cock. He was fairly certain she was at least as aroused as he was. He was pretty certain that if he had plunged his tongue into her she would have happily engulfed his cock. He was completely certain he would never think about whipped cream the same again.

At some point he got to be too much, and even though she wasn't even touching him, he felt his cock swelling up in orgasm and there was no stopping it. He moved over on his back and unloaded a torrent onto his stomach as Katy watched in fascination. Then she took the can of whipped cream and sprayed it on the load of cum, and, in a moment that immediately became etched in Sam's long term memory, she licked up the whipped cream with his cream and swallowed it.

Sam put his hands on his head and tried to keep his head from completely exploding. He took a long breath and let it out slowly. "If you weren't my sister ..." he said.

She giggled. "If you weren't my brother ..." she answered.

"Fucking Rule 3," he said.

"Right," she answered. "If it weren't for Rule 3, we'd be fucking."

They lay there on the bed for another 30 minutes, revealing in the relaxing post-passion, occasionally taking belly shots of whipped cream off each other just for laughs. They declared the newest rule would be called the Whipped Cream 69 rule.

"So, same time tomorrow?" Sam said.

"Sure. It's my turn for a new rule, and I've already got a good idea," she grinned.

For the rest of that night and the entirety of the next day, Sam fantasized about what Katy's new rule would be. He was laying face down on the bed the next evening still thinking about it when she walked in the room, dressed in the usual silk robe, and got right down to business.

"Today's massage is going to be a little different," she said. "Today's massage is not going to take place on the bed."

Sam rolled over on the bed. "Really, where is today's massage going to take place?"

"Today's massage is going to take place in the shower," she replied.

Sam blinked a few times as he let that information sink in. "Hmmm. The shower eh? I think I am in support of this new rule."

The master bathroom was the pride of their parent's house. They had renovated the bath a few years ago, adding a swanky new whirlpool tub and a spacious, glassed in shower room with multiple shower heads. Katy led the way into the bathroom, turned on the water and slipped out of her robe. Sam had gotten used to seeing her naked in the bed, but seeing her naked standing up was even more impressive. She had such a fit, well proportioned body, with sharp, sexy tan lines on her smooth skin. As he slid into the shower with her, his cock was already pointed toward the ceiling. As the shower filled up with warm steam, he quickly decided that he was going to like this new rule.

It was Sam's turn to be massaged first, so Katy set to work. Giving and receiving a massage was a much different experience standing up, but she tried to follow the usual sequence. She started with him facing away from her, rubbing his shoulders and back, and then kneeling down as she gave his ass and legs a rubdown. Having the constant flow of hot water jetting down made the massage all the more relaxing. Katy's liberal use of liquid soap made the massage all the more invigorating. Being nude in the shower with a hot sister made the massage all the more erotic.

The front side massage was even better. She had him lean against the tile wall of the shower as she poured soap over his chest and then thoroughly rubbed down his chest and torso. Then she carefully worked her way around the area forbidden by Rule 3, then kneeled down in front of him and did one leg at a time, soaping, rubbing, rinsing and repeating. The entire time she was rubbing his legs down, her face was level with his cock. Sam had never felt so clean, and yet so dirty, looking down at his naked sister. His mind wandered uncontrollably, as he imagined her soapy hands caressing his cock.

Unfortunately Katy continued to rigorously abide by Rule 3, dashing his fantasies, and his turn to do the massaging came too quickly. Not that he minded. The only thing better than having your hot sister rubbing your soapy body down in the steamy shower was having the opportunity to rub your soapy hot sister down in the steamy shower.

She stood in front of him as he started on her neck and shoulders. She had her hands on the shower wall to steady herself as he rubbed and massaged her soapy back. Looking down, he could see his hard cock poised just six inches or so from her ass. All he could think about was how good it would feel to close that gap, to rub his cock against her soapy ass. Was that against Rule 3? His mind tried to swirl together a justification. She wasn't touching his privates, he wasn't touching hers. There had been lots of times when she had rubbed her pussy on his leg while straddling him during massages. Rubbing his cock against her ass was less of a violation.

He continued rubbing her back and inched a bit closer to her. Now his cock was so close if he moved at all he would brush up against her. As he moved his hands down lower on her back, the inevitable happened, his rock hard cock grazed up against her ass.

Katy jerked her ass forward slightly, almost as if she had been surprised at the contact. Sam was just about to apologize when she bent forward just slightly at the waist and pushed her ass back into him, his cock sliding into the groove of her ass. It felt so good it was all Sam could do to not come immediately.

He moved his hands down to her lower back and started working his fingers around her lower back and waist. He noted that she wasn't allowing him to grind into her ass really hard, she was controlling the contact, and she was keeping her ass up against his cock but only lightly.

When it came time to rub her ass, Sam put one hand on each cheek and rubbed her ass deeply. As he worked on her his cock was sliding all over her soapy ass, as she bent over just a bit more at the waist. Between the visual of his hot sister bent over in front of him in the shower and his cock rubbing against her warm soapy ass, it was well more than he could handle. He didn't want to come just yet though, so he backed off and got down on his knees to do her legs. Working on her while she was standing up allowed him to work his hands all the way around her legs, so he could massage the front and the back at the same time. He did her feet by lifting them up one at a time.

Then she turned around, and Sam had the pleasure of rubbing his soapy hands across her front side, starting with her legs and working up. He was still on his knees, so his face was level with her waist, and he was really enjoying the view of the water trickling off her pussy. He stayed on his knees as he worked up past her hips to her waist. He was aching to lean forward and slide his tongue into her, but he somehow fought off the urge. He looked up at her face, her eyes were closed and she was leaning back against the wall, her elbows resting on a shoulder high shelf. She looked like she was in a state of advanced bliss. Looking up at her he noticed that the shower head near her had a hand held hose on it, and he became inspired.

He stood up and lifted the hand held shower head off the cradle. Getting back down on his knees, he turned on the jet setting and aimed it toward her pussy. At first contact, Katy jumped and her eyes came open, but when she saw what he was doing she gradually got a wry smile on her face.

He moved the water jets back and forth across her body, circling around her pussy and then honing in on her clit. He could tell by her reactions and her verbal encouragement that she was enjoying it.

"Oh shit don't stop that," she said. "Oh shit. Ohhh, shit. Right there, oh yeah, oh, no, yes, please, don't stop."

Sam loved pleasuring his sister, watching her writhe around the water jets in utter ecstasy, but he was also enjoying the close of view of her pussy. His face was just inches away from her as he expertly worked the shower head. Suddenly she lost control, reaching down with one hand and grabbing the hair on the top of his head. She shuddered and shook and her legs gave away and she slid slowly down the wall until her ass reached the floor. Sam replaced the shower hose and sat down beside her as the warm water continued to trickle down on them.

"That was absolutely unfucking believable," Katy eventually mumbled.

Sam laughed. "It did look like you were enjoying it."

"Un, fucking, believable," she repeated.

They sat on the floor of the shower for awhile before Katy had collected herself enough to stand up. Sam helped her to her feet.

"Ya know, I couldn't help but notice that you still seem a little tight in the shoulders," he said.

Katy looked at him, not getting his intent at first, but gradually he saw her face change from confusion to understanding. She reached over and got the liquid soap off the shelf and handed it to him, then turned so her back was facing him. "I guess my shoulders could use a little more work," she grinned. She bent over again slightly at the waist.

Sam was so horny he didn't even try to be cautious. He moved up behind her and lined his cock up with her ass crack and slid it into the warm wet crevice. Then he put one hand on her shoulder and the other hand on one ass cheek, and he set right into to pretending to give her a rubdown, when what he was really doing was rubbing his hard cock on her ass.

She didn't pull back this time, she allowed him to slide his hard cock up and down her ass, and she even bent over more and began to move with him in rhythm. Then she reached up and took the shower hose off the cradle again and this time she was in control, spraying the warm jets up into her pussy as he slid his cock up and down.

Eventually he gave up the pretense that he was rubbing her back and moved his hands to her hips, where he held onto her as he thrust back and forth. The thought of slipping his cock forward and slamming it into her pussy never really entered his mind, it felt plenty good enough to just be sliding along her ass cheeks in a warm soapy doggy style romp, and he didn't want to break Rule 3.

It felt too good, and he could feel a massive build up gathering in his loins. He could sense that Katy was also coming again, based on her jerking motions. As he felt his orgasm coming on he became almost transfixed by the vision before him, his cock, her ass, the soapy water splashing off both of them. He slipped his hands around to her breasts, and his fingers brushed lightly over her nipples. When she didn't object, he moved his whole hands over her breasts and began rubbing them vigorously. She moaned and said yes, at least two dozen times.

It felt like his orgasm lasted for five minutes, as he watched his cock exploding white fluid all over his sister's wet back.

When his orgasm had finally subsided, he slipped his hands around her waist and held her back up against him. She arched her back slightly and brought a hand behind her and rested it against his neck. After standing that way for a long, long time, they separated. Katy quietly rinsed off one last time, then stepped out of the shower into a towel.

"So I guess the last night for Massage Club is tomorrow then," she said as she dried off. "And it's your turn to pick a new rule."

"I guess so," Sam stammered out. "I don't have a clue how I could make it better than the last few days."

"Just make it good," she grinned. "No pressure."

Sam spent a mostly sleepless night trying to come up with a new rule. When he did sleep, he dreamed. He dreamed that he and Katy were enjoying another whipped cream 69, except this time his tongue was buried inside her and his cock was thrusting into her warm mouth. He dreamed they were in the steamy shower, and she was bent over to pick up a bar of soap while he plunged his cock in and out of her. And he dreamed they were on the bed, him on his back and her perched up on top, her hands in her hair and her mouth open as she rode his cock. Each time he woke up from the dream he had a cold sweat and a hard cock.

What he really wanted to do was suggest they repeal Rule 3 for just once. As wrong as it was, he was well past denying that he wanted to fuck his sister. He wondered if she didn't feel the same way. He wondered what rule she would come up with if it were her turn. But he wasn't confident enough to put it all on the line. If he came out and suggested they repeal Rule 3, she might freak out.

As bad as he wanted to just declare an end to Rule 3, he decided he just couldn't do it. If it was going to be repealed, it would have to be her idea. And that was how he figured out what his final rule would be for The Massage Club.

The final meeting of The Massage Club took place on a rainy Friday afternoon. Their parents were due back the next day, and Sam and Katy had decided that this was going to be it. They took their customary pre-massage shower and met in their parent's bedroom. Katy was dressed in the usual black silk robe, and Sam was wrapped in a towel. Sam had gotten pretty used to seeing Katy naked, but he looked forward to it more every time. His mouth watered thinking about it.

"So tell me brother, what new rule have you come up with for our last meeting of The Massage Club?" Katy said, grinning at him.

Sam took a deep breath and began his well rehearsed speech. "After careful consideration of all of my options, including a total repeal of Rule 3, I have made the decision that my final rule of The Massage Club will be ... to grant you the choice for the final rule."

Katy put her hands on her hips and smiled as she feigned her outrage. "That's such a cop out. Put it all on me why don't you?"

"I put it all on you," Sam said. He sat quietly grinning as Katy mulled her decision. He had made it clear to her that he was ok repealing Rule 3, but that the final decision was up to her.

After several anxious moments of silent consideration, Katy cleared her throat. "Well, I did have one fantasy... I mean...idea for another rule."

Sam smiled at her gaff. "Yeah, I've had some fantasies too," he grinned.

"Ok, my new rule is this," she said. She went over to her parent's dresser and opened up a drawer, pulling out two pairs of running shorts. They were short, silky, black shorts that their dad used for running. They always teased him about it because they were so short.

"Put these on," she said, throwing one pair and hitting him in the face with it.

Sam looked confused as he looked down at the shorts and watched as Katy climbed into hers. She slipped out of the gown and he was impressed at just how sexy his sister looked in those little shorts, and nothing else. But adding clothes was not the direction he thought they were heading in.

He shrugged and slipped out of the towel and pulled the shorts on. Just the thought of what might happen had him in a semi-erect state, so the outline of his cock showed pretty clearly through the shorts.

"Now, the new rule is that today's massage will take place simultaneously," she said. "You will be massaging me at the same time I am massaging you."

Sam was still pretty lost at where she was headed with this, and his confusion showed.

Katy blushed a bit before collecting herself. "Let's start with you on your back, and you massage my legs while I massage yours."

Sam still wasn't visualizing it as he reclined back on the bed. He still wasn't completely clear what was happening when she straddled his face and then moved her own face down to his crotch. As she began to rub his thighs, her face poised above his silky shorts, a picture began to emerge. When he reached up and began to rub her thighs, his face just inches from her crotch, the picture began to get clearer. And when he felt her face graze softly over the thin silk covering his cock, the picture came slamming into focus.

The shorts were there to protect Rule 3, but they would also allow the forbidden contact to take place. It just had to take place through the silky shorts. It was brilliant.

As he continued to rub her legs, he leaned up so his face came into direct contact with her shorts. He pushed his mouth up into her crotch and felt that she was already warm and wet. The shorts felt soft and silky, and he began kissing her pussy through the material. She gasped at the contact, and then she eased down, pushing herself down onto his face.

With the implications of the new rule change out in the open, both siblings took full advantage. Being on the bottom meant Sam's hands were free to roam, so he expanded his massage to the backs of her thighs and her lower back, all while his tongue explored his sister's pussy. The material of the shorts was thin enough so he could feel her and taste her, but he was not technically violating Rule 3.

Meanwhile, his sister was doing her very best to not technically violate Rule 3, as her mouth fondled his cock through the shorts. The silky feel of the shorts on his cock as she licked and kissed him felt incredible. She actually went so far as to take him all the way into her mouth, while he was still covered by the shorts. Being on top, her hands were not as free to roam, but she was able to move her hands around to his ass, and she squeezed his ass hard as her mouth played with his cock.

Sam's hands had also found his sister's ass, and he rubbed and squeezed her ass hard as his tongue pressed the silky material into her pussy. She wasn't holding back, as she gyrated and grinded her pussy into his face.

After a while she slid off of him and they continued with the silk-covered 69 side by side, and then eventually he ended up on top for a while. Being on top made it easier for him to slide his tongue up and down her pussy, and it was also better for him to control her contact on his cock. He had nearly come so many times he had lost count, and being on top allowed him to pull back when necessary. He would pull his cock away from her to briefly cool down, then he would ease back down and rest his cock up against her warm lips. He honestly wasn't sure what he liked better, feeling his sister's mouth on his cock or having his face buried in her crotch. Her shorts had become soaking wet, both from his tongue and her arousal.

Suddenly she pushed him over so he was on his back again, and she got up on her knees beside him. Her face was flushed. "Ok, now we are going to simultaneously massage each other's upper body," she said. Then she pointed at him sternly. "But remember Rule 3, no cheating."

Sam nodded solemnly as she moved into position, straddling him. She was up on her knees above him, and then she slowly lowered herself down onto him. Sam watched as she eased her waist down onto his, and he realized with a gasp that she was lining her pussy up with his cock. The contact was light and soft at first, but almost immediately, Katy began to grind her pussy up against his cock. They were both still wearing shorts, but for all intents and purposes, they were fucking.

Katy's hands found their way to Sam's chest, and she made a reasonable show of giving him a rubdown. Sam made every effort to return the favor, rubbing Katy's legs, torso and shoulders as she rode him. But the massage was an afterthought, the focus for both of them was the slow, rhythmic grind on his cock. As he watched his hot sister grinding her pussy on his cock, he realized that she had moved into another plane. Her eyes were closed, her mouth was hanging open and she wasn't breathing as she worked his cock over her clit. He took a chance and moved his hands up to her breasts. She opened her eyes and looked at him, he briefly thought she was going to stop him. But then she nodded, and he began to caress those beautiful breasts, which clearly she enjoyed as much as him. He took the massage oil from the nightstand and rubbed it into his hands, and then began to massage it into her breasts. She gasped and then took the oil from him and poured some on his body as well.

As much as he wanted to do this forever, watching his hands caressing her breasts and feeling her pussy grinding on his cock was rapidly becoming too much. He felt his orgasm begin to swell, and there was no way to stop it. His whole body felt like it was on fire when he finally came, shooting warm sticky load into the shorts as his sister moaned and writhed above him.

She felt him coming and collapsed on top of him, her head on his chest and her legs draped over him. After a while she eased off and reclined on the bed beside him.

"Wow," she said.

"Ditto," he answered. "I think I may have ruined Dad's shorts," he added.

They both looked down at the twisty mass of fluid soaked silk around his waist.

"He's got a dozen pair, he won't miss one," she said.

They sat quietly for a few moments, listening to the rain outside.

"Ya know, if I were to take these shorts off, and you left your shorts on, then technically we would still not be in violation of Rule 3," Sam said. As he spoke, the very thought of it had him becoming aroused again.

"Hmmm, I think you may have a point," she said.

Sam slipped out of what was left of the shorts and dried himself off with the towel.

"Now, where were we on that simultaneous massage?" he grinned.

"I think you were getting ready to give me a back rub," Katy said. She got off the bed and walked over to the dresser, bending over slightly and standing in front of the mirror. "A standing back rub."

Sam came over and stood behind her, his cock lining up with her ass crack, and he poured some oil on her back and shoulders. As he rubbed her body down, she gyrated her ass against his cock. Sam couldn't believe how hot it was to watch the action in the mirror, and he noticed that Katy seemed pretty transfixed but the mirror scene as well. At one point he slid his cock between her legs, so that the top of his cock was rubbing against her clit. She groaned in appreciation.

Over the next thirty minutes, Sam fucked his sister, or technically, he fucked his sister's shorts while she was wearing them, in just about every conceivable position. As they changed positions Sam would line up his cock so it was rubbing against her shorts covered pussy, massaging her clit but never actually coming in direct contact. All the while, they pretended to continue the massage. When he was fucking her doggy style, he rubbed her lower back and ass. When she went reverse cow girl, she rubbed his legs while he rubbed her back. When he had her on her back and her ankles were up around his shoulders, he gave her a foot rub.

Eventually they found themselves back over in front of the mirror, with Sam standing behind her gyrating his cock against her ass. He had been grinding his cock up against her in so many different ways that the shorts she had on looked like they were ready to fall apart. His hands were on her hips as he slowly gyrated against her, and then he suddenly found that his thumbs had found their way into the waist band of the shorts. He pulled them down slightly, then back up, then down further and then back up. He wanted to tear those shorts off so bad he couldn't stand it. He pulled up the sides so that they exposed her ass cheeks, like a thong, then moved them back. Then he pulled the top of the shorts down about halfway down her ass, then moved them back up just a bit. He looked into the mirror and saw Katy looking at him, her eyes full of lust and surrender. Slowly, carefully, as their eyes stayed in contact, he peeled the shorts down over her ass, so they came down to about mid thigh. She didn't object, so he went ahead and slipped them all the way off.

He looked at his beautiful, naked sister in the mirror. He wanted to fuck her right there in front of the mirror. He knew she wanted it too. But there was something in both of their eyes, something that said they were both afraid they would regret it.

He reached into the dresser drawer and pulled out a thin, silk scarf and draped it over her ass, pressing his cock up against the material.

"I guess as long as we have something in between, we aren't violating Rule 3," he whispered.

She smiled and nodded.

Now they were naked except the thin material in between them, and they continued to gyrate in front of the mirror, carefully, or not so carefully, keeping the material between them. Then Katy slid away and went back over to the bed. She reclined back on the bed and covered up her pussy with the silk scarf.

Sam walked slowly over to the bed, his cock swinging large and hard in front of him. He stood over his hot sister, dressed in nothing but a shear silk scarf. He climbed on top of her and felt her naked body up against his.

Slowly they continued their simulated fucking, still separated by the thinnest of barriers. After a while with him on top, she moved around so that she was on top, and they stayed in a tight embrace, humping their hips together faster and faster, and then finally they found themselves sharing a shattering orgasm. His hands were tightly gripping his sister's ass as he thrust his hips up into her, and both of them totally lost control as they thrashed around on the bed.

As his senses slowly returned to him, Sam realized he wasn't sure just what had happened in the passion of the moment. He couldn't feel the silk scarf between them, he wasn't completely sure that it was still there. He wasn't sure he hadn't been actually fucking his sister. He did realize that his hands were gripping his sister's ass so hard it was probably painful, and he relaxed his grip. They stayed there on the bed, caught in a tight, anxious embrace, for a long time.

Finally Katy rolled slowly off of him, and when he looked down he saw that the silk scarf was still there, plastered to his abdomen by the copious load of fluid he had unloaded.

Somehow they had managed to have simulated sex for over an hour in every imaginable position, but they had not broken Rule 3. It had been the most amazing sexual encounter of Sam's young life, without even having sex.

"I can't believe we just did that," Katy said.

"Yeah, I can't believe what we didn't just do," Sam replied.

She laughed. "I can't believe it either. But I'm glad we didn't break Rule 3."

"I agree," he replied. "But if it's all the same to you, when I have my future fantasies about The Massage Club, they will probably involve some fairly significant breaches of Rule 3."

She nodded in agreement. "No doubt," she said. "I suppose I will have those fantasies too. But just remember about Rules 1 and 2."

"Right, Rule 1, we don't talk about The Massage Club," he said.

"And Rule 2, we don't EVER talk about The Massage Club," she added.

The Massage Club Pt. 03
bySPEN STERLING©

By reader demand I've added a third chapter. I liked the build up of this story, so resisted it going all the way for two chapters. You will enjoy this more if you read one and two.

*****

The next day, a Saturday, Sam was half asleep in his bed when there was a soft knock on the door at around ten am. He had been having a dream about the various ways he wanted to participate in rampant violations of Massage Club Rule 3 with his sister. While massage club allowed a variety of erotic interaction, from whipped cream 69s to shower massage, Rule 3 was always obeyed. Rule 3 stated that there was absolutely no touching of the private parts during the massage.

"Come in," he called out.

His sister Katy walked in, wearing the familiar black silk robe. "How ya' doin brother," she said softly.

"Exhausted," he said. "Too many fantasies keeping me up."

"Yeah, me too," she grinned. "Listen, I was just thinking. Our parents don't get here until late this afternoon, maybe we could, uh, have just one last Massage Club adventure."

Sam woke up fast. "I'm intrigued, what do you have in mind?"

She didn't answer, and instead took his hand and led him out of his room and into the shower. Without a word, she turned on the water, slipped out of the robe, and guided him inside. Once they were under the water, she leaned into him and wrapped her arms around him, holding him close. He put his arms around her and stroked his hands up and down her back. They stood their holding each other in the warm water for a long time.

After a while she reached over and got the massage oil, and poured a ridiculous amount of oil in between their bodies. Then she slid her body up and down against Sam's spreading the slick oil in between them. His hard cock quickly became covered in oil, and it felt amazing sliding across her oily body.

Then she turned away from him and put her hands up on the wall, bending forward slightly and inviting him to rub his cock on her ass. He stepped forward and put his hands on her hips, lining his hard cock along her ass crack and sliding it up and down. He poured more oil on her back and watched it slide down onto her ass and his cock. He watched mesmerized through the steam and splashing water of the shower as his cock glided through the oil and spread it around on her ass.

They had put so much oil on that the contact between them had become super slick, and as he slid his cock downwards, it suddenly slipped forward between her legs. She froze for just a moment as they stood there in the shower, his hard, slick cock poised at the entrance of her warm, wet, oily pussy.

Neither moved an inch, not up or down or forward or backwards. They both just stood there quietly in the shower, feeling the intensity of the moment. The head of his cock was right there at the forbidden zone, the place where they had both said they didn't want to go. But Sam knew he couldn't stop now, and he could sense that his sister wasn't stopping either.

Still, neither moved a muscle. Even though neither of them were moving, it felt like his cock was very gradually moving up inside her. Gradually, almost imperceptibly, his oily cock inched upwards, and her oily pussy inched downwards. After a good five minutes had passed, Sam felt like the head of his cock had fully entered her. Another five minutes went by, and he felt like another inch had eased it's way inside. Then it felt like he was halfway inside, and they both realized it was inevitable.

He held her hips and looked down at the remaining half of his cock that had not yet entered her. He watched in fascination as he moved forward with only the slightest exertion and he saw it and felt it as his cock slipped in, all the way to the hilt. Katy exhaled and her body seemed to collapse back into him.

They had fully given in, and now that his cock was buried inside her neither wanted to even move. They stood there in the shower, joined at the hip but frozen in place, as the warm water splashed down around them. If Sam hadn't come nearly twice a day over the past week and a half, he likely would've lost his load immediately, without even moving.

Gradually, he began to slowly move his cock in and out, just an inch or two, then a little more, as they both warmed up to the motion and gave way further. It wasn't long before Sam was taking long, slow thrusts, nearly coming out of her and then sliding back in, as she moaned and wriggled back against him. At some point Sam became aware that he was fucking his sister, and he realized it was far, far better than he had ever fantasized.

The desire that had built up over the past few weeks became unleashed, and Sam began to thrust in deeper and faster, until he found the hard fucking rhythm he was looking for, and then he had her bent over with his hands cupping her breasts, and he was fucking her as hard as he could without hurting her. He knew he wasn't hurting her, because she kept saying "fuck yes".

When he finally reached orgasm, it almost hurt how hard he came, and it didn't seem like it would ever end. When it finally did, they both collapsed on the floor of the shower and let the warm water shower down over them as they collected themselves.

After a long while, Sam finally spoke up. "I've got a new rule," he said.

"Oh yeah?" Katy asked.

"Yeah. Rule 3 is suspended in the shower on Saturdays."

