A Tennessee Education Pt. 01
byKatiekatsman©

This is a story about female dominance and male submission. It's a long story - almost 300 pages in full. It is also completely fictional. If you are one that doesn't' enjoy reading about women oppressing and suppressing men, then this story isn't for you. If you enjoy a femdom lifestyle I hope you will give the story a read. In Part 1 the main character, Bobby Lewis enters a new undertaking and in the process finds himself in a bit of a pickle due to a combination of his choices and a woman's mission. The story is not so much filled with sex as it is a focus on the psychological mindsets of the dominant and submissive alike.

*****

A Tennessee Education

Part 1: Introductions

Bobby, Sharon, Jasmine and Mariko introduced

Bobby Lewis smiled one of his classic smirks while standing at the urinal and reading the red and white sign that stared back at him, "Really, Is It That Small?" The humor of bar restroom signs never ceased to surprise him and even though he had read this one a thousand times he still chuckled most every time he came in.

Zipping up his fly he looked at the sink but decided not to wash. "Why bother," he thought, "I didn't piss on them." Heading out the door he scanned the room. Nearest him were two guys shooting pool and a bit further away two couples took turns trying to play pool but seemed to be having a hard time keeping the white ball from ending up in one of the pockets. On the far side of the smoke filled room sat familiar faces, either at the bar, standing along the wall watching one of the large screen TVs or hanging out at one of the battered tables.

Bobby knew them all. This was his hangout and tonight he was enjoying the evening more than usual. As he tried to locate his girl, he saw an older couple he didn't recognize. They were off by themselves. Two half-empty beers and a plate of partially eaten potato skins occupied the space between them. They obviously knew one another by the way they conversed but he wondered who they were. Having strangers in the bar at this hour on a Friday night was definitely the exception to the norm.

"Hey," came the voice from behind as two arms wrapped around his waist, "I've missed you."

Bob smiled. "Missed you too. I couldn't find you and wondered if you had left.

"Left? And go where? It's way too far for me to walk home and besides, it's you who I want spend my time with.

"Do you need another beer?" The handsome man asked his date.

"Sure!"

He handed her his credit card and she went to the bar to get her fourth drink of the evening. As she did, an older man slapped her ass affectionately and called out, "Come on over and have a drink with me when you are done with him." He laughed.

She turned his way, smiled and then ordered two beers.

The young bar-hand took her order barely making eye contact with the beautiful blonde. Rather his gaze seemed transfixed on her full breasts that filled the space between the plunging V-neck top she wore.

She returned to the booth where they had been sitting earlier. Giggling, she cozied up to her man.

"So what were you telling me about your job?" She said.

Bobby continued blabbing on about something she really cared little about. What she wanted was his cock which she had been gently fondling. It had passed her initial test. It felt long and thick as her limber fingers subtlety moved along its length. He had been telling her about his most recent and hopefully more permanent job he had just started Monday.

"So is everyone in the school black?" She asked a bit surprised at hearing where he worked.

Bobby Laughed, "No, not everyone; but most are. I mean it is in the city and there are mostly blacks living in that part of town."

"Aren't you scared?" the country girl said seriously. "I mean, I know I wouldn't want to go shopping there. I'd be afraid I'd get raped." She looked down at her breasts that begged to be free of the half-cup bra that barely held them, a tattoo of a dolphin permanently marking the left one.

"I don't think you'd be safe either Jasmine. But that would have nothing to do with where you walked and everything to do with those." He pointed to her bosom, "and to all of you," he said motioning to her body in general. "You are beautiful."

That was the comment she hoped to coax out of him. She never tired of hearing guys making remarks about her body. She loved it when a man told her how appealing her body was. She needed the approval, the affirmation and the attention. She needed to be noticed. She needed to be reminded that her breasts still captured a guy's imagination, that her nipples still drew stares from afar, that a guy walking behind couldn't help but gawk at her tight ass and that she was irresistible to most all everyone. But she never seemed to get enough from men and that was a good part of the reason she was here with Bobby tonight. She needed a fix. She needed to be with a guy that wanted her. Something inside was simply unable to fully accept she was attractive and worthy of being loved. Another part, or maybe the same part, also couldn't see the physical assets she possessed as being nearly perfect. She often thought of getting implants if only to gain the adoration of men. Maybe that was why the bar scene had become her best friend. She could count on getting a guy. She had her man for the night and now needed to hear what Bobby had to say about her. It made her feel good all over.

"Thank you. That was nice of you."

Bobby laughed. "Jasmine, I don't think you'd be safe walking these country roads any more than a city street. Some guy would see you and throw you in his trunk. Men are like that. They love what you have. They can never get enough."

"Is that how you feel? Is that what you want to do? Take me for your own?" She snuggled in closer and kissed him.

He didn't answer. He wasn't sure what he wanted. She was probably fifteen years his contemporary and he had no idea why she even wanted to hang out with him. He knew he was an attractive guy with a good build but he was almost 40. He was old!

Bobby rolled his eyes and smiled. "Maybe I do. Maybe I don't. I do want to make sure you get home ok. I owe you that much."

"Can I finish my drinks" She said obviously feeling the effects of the alcohol. "You in a hurry to get me in bed?" She wrapped a slender arm around his neck and kissed him, leaving a red lipstick mark. Seeing it, she giggled.

Bob looked out across the bar feeling like he was being watched. He was. He thought he was. It was that couple. He kept thinking they were staring at him.

Covering his mouth with his hand he asked, "Do you know those people sitting at that far table in the corner?"

Jasmine casually glanced over and then shook her head. "Nope, but then again, I don't know everyone in this place."

Bobby didn't expect her know them. She lived some twenty minutes away and rarely had reason to visit Randolf. In fact this was her first time here.

"I didn't think you did; just thought I'd ask."

"They really aren't staring," she observed. "Looks like they are just enjoying a night out like everyone else in this place."

"Maybe I'm just paranoid. I'm not use to seeing strangers in here. Anyway," he looked at her beer and said, "No, I'm not in any hurry. You drink to your heart's content. I'll hang out with you as long as you want."

"And then you're going to take me home and fuck me?"

"Jasmine!" he said getting a little tired of hearing her pleas for sex. "I barely know you."

"Aren't two dates enough? I even dressed for the occasion."

"I can see that."

"You don't like?" She stood and spun around so he could get a 360 view of her body which he already knew as a perfect ten. Her top was mostly unbuttoned and her bra appeared to be two sizes too small for the jugs they held. The cut-off shorts revealed every inch of her long legs and were so short that part of her ass hung out when she walked.

"You look beautiful. Too beautiful," he added. "Now come, sit down," grabbing her by the arm and pulling her back into the booth, "you're drawing attention from everybody."

He had never been out with a woman like her ever and he had no idea what his parents would think should they ever get the chance to meet. He knew they'd peg her as a slut from the instant they laid eyes on her. He knew he couldn't help that. It was just how his folks were: square and judgmental!

So much had happened in the last week that his mind had a hard time keeping up with everything. The new job, getting to know new people, working with Sharon, Ms. K, Mr. Williams, Jasmine, having to drive over an hour one way and negotiate city traffic, and now this - here - now - with her - he had so much newness in his usually boring life that it sometimes felt overwhelming. He liked routine. He was a creature of habit but for the past week, life had been anything but habitual.

She interrupted his thoughts. "Aren't you glad you had that $5 when we were at Wal-Mart?"

"I am!" He said genuinely amused.

"If I had brought enough cash, we probably wouldn't even be here," she said giggling once more.

How true her words were. Bobby had waited in the usual long line at Wal-Mart where only three of the 28 registers had someone working them while the other 25 sat vacant. He could never understand why department stores did this when there were plenty of employees wandering around within view looking bored out of their mind. It was like some form of punishment the average shopper had to endure whenever they came here to shop. Waiting in absurdly long lines was Wal-Mart's way of making their customers pay penance for coming. Ahead of him stood at least ten bored people and immediately in before him was a young blonde with short hair and quite the curvy body. He didn't pay her much attention since she appeared to be barely out of college but when she went to pay and came up some $4 short things changed. The woman dug into her purse spilling most of it onto the counter. She pulled out a quarter here and a dime there while everyone behind groaned as the wait became even longer. Bobby finally pulled out some cash and gave it to her telling her to keep the change. She thanked him profusely and apologized for being so stupid. After he paid for his items he found her waiting just outside the door and the rest was history.

Last week she called to see if he would go out with her. They spent the evening together drinking and shooting pool and getting to know one another. Earlier today she texted him and asked if he was free tonight. He called her on his way home from work and they went to the other bar in town and enjoyed some brews and laughs.

Two hours and seven bears later she stood on wobbly legs, "OK, are you ready to take me home? My world is spinning," she said laughing and turning around.

He grabbed her arm. "Yes, c'mon. I got you. Just don't throw up in my car."

"Why not?" she said teasingly.

"Cause I don't want to clean it up."

As soon as they left the blackness of the country enveloped them. Jasmine touched his arm. "So are you going to fuck me tonight or aren't you? I could use something nice deep inside."

"Not tonight Jasmine. Not tonight. You need to sleep the alcohol off. You can't even walk without me holding you up."

A pouty expression came over her. Reaching down to his crotch she grabbed his cock through the thin linen trousers. Leaning over she bit it playfully. Bobby jumped.

"Jasmine, please!"

Sitting up abruptly and feeling completely rejected she folded her arms and looked out the window feeling depressed. The night had started off with such potential and now it was ending in the worse possible way. She hated being alone. She needed a man. She wanted him. She really wanted him. Jasmine didn't understand rejection. Guys just didn't do this to her. "Maybe she really wasn't worthy of his cock," she thought. "Maybe she wasn't as beautiful as he said she was. Talk was indeed cheap and tonight was proof of that."

Neither spoke the rest of the way. When Bobby pulled up to her trailer he helped her inside. She walked on unsteady legs to her bedroom and collapsed. Bob helped her out of her top and shorts and was about to cover her with a sheet when she headed into the bathroom to pee. While she was gone he turned on the bedroom light and looked around. The place was cheaply decorated. Panel walls, walnut-stained pine furniture and old throw rugs covered the tiled floor. What caught his eye was the open closet. It was filled with guy clothes! The girl was living with a guy! When Jasmine came back to bed Bobby was standing ready to go.

"You didn't tell me you weren't alone!" He pointed to the closet.

Jasmine never even hesitated. "Oh don't worry about him. He's out of town for the next few weeks."

"Are you married?" he said dumbfounded that she might be.

"Yep, but he don't treat me good at all."

"Jasmine!"

"Don't worry." She said interrupting him. "If I thought he'd find out I wouldn't have gone out. He's a mason and working in the western part of the state on some big construction project. Dam idiot probably won't come home any richer than when he left. Spends it all on booze, whores, and gambles the rest away playing poker. He hates me anyway. Tells me every time he's home he wants a divorce."

"I can't date you," Bobby insisted.

"She stood and pushed him down on the bed. Let's just make out. Can we? Don't worry about him; just me. C'mon, I won't take your clothes off" She kissed him. He resisted but she persisted and soon he relaxed and wrapped his arms around her and enjoyed her soft lips and exploring tongue.

As captivating as Jasmine was, the fact that she was married didn't sit well. This wasn't right and the last thing he needed was to have him find the two of them together. He needed to go. He needed to end things but she felt so dam good! There was something about her neediness that didn't match her appearance. "How could a woman so physically gifted be so insecure? Did her husband abuse her?"

He didn't know and wasn't certain he wanted to know. He left leaving part of his heart in that trailer; the part that wanted her body. He wanted to spend the night but knew it wasn't right. He left feeling bad; feeling bad for her. Why was it that all she seemed to want was his cock? He felt cheep and ironically used. Why did he always over think things when it came to women? He just didn't get it.

Turning away he blew her a kiss and gently shut the door. For now he stayed strong. He had to stay strong. It was the right thing to do.

................

"Mr. Lewis. Come into my office."

"Yes Mariko. I'll be there in a minute," he said pleasantly without looking up from his reading. He sat in the main office area, his briefcase on the floor and several papers in hand that he studied intently.

Several seconds later he noticed slim shapely legs appear in front of him. Looking up he saw it was her.

"Follow me now." She said with an edge in her voice. She didn't wait for a response. Turning she stalked down the hallway and into her office.

Bobby sighed, put his papers away and sauntered in down after her, plopping his butt on the seat just inside her door. Her office was smallish but not tiny. Her desk L-shaped and immaculately ordered. On one of the two sections sat her computer monitor, keyboard and a few pictures. On the other were several stacks of papers neatly piled and a jar containing several pens and markers. The latter section separated her from the door as well as Bobby who sat in the lone chair opposite the single window that looked out into the courtyard.

"Let's get something straight Mr. Lewis," she said directing her gaze intently at him. Her inky black hair and large dark eyes burned into his.

Her remark caught him off-guard. He looked up suddenly puzzled by her remark.

"What's wrong? What did I do?"

Ignoring his questions she continued, "When I give you an instruction I expect you to follow it. I have things to do and now I have to deal with you for the next several months. My plate is full and I don't have time for you to see me when you are good and ready. Whenever I tell you something I expect you to do what I tell you immediately. Do we understand one another?"

Still trying to understand why she suddenly got so serious he stammered, "Well yea, I guess so."

She raised her eye-brows. "I don't know where you come from or how you've been raised but 'yes ma'am' will do just fine. Do we understand one another?" she repeated again.

"Ye-Yes ma'am."

"Now stand." She motioned with one long slender finger. He did.

"I will offer you a seat when I want you to stay and talk. Otherwise standing here will do just fine." An almost imperceptible smile formed on her face as she looked at him with those dark penetrating eyes. She held out a sheet of paper. "Now, I need you to fill out this form."

"What is it?" He asked.

"It's a standard form we have every employee complete. It's in case something happens to you and we need to contact family on your behalf. You do have family I take it?"

"Parents, yes."

"Parents, but no wife? no children?"

"No," he said all too quickly. He was about to correct himself but decided not to bother. It didn't matter anyway. He hadn't seen baby Jessica since she was an infant. It was one of his biggest life regrets. "She'd be in her twenties now," he mused.

Ms. K looked at him wondering if there was more to his terse response.

"Ma'am, may I sit down? It's hard to write without leaning on something."

Ms. Komatzu motioned with her head. He sat. Taking a deep breath he looked up admiring the water color paintings on one wall. Her office was simple, tastefully decorated with muted colors and lit by only a table lamp. The overhead fluorescent installed in every office was off and he remembered when he was here last week that it had been off then as well. The single incandescent gave the room a more peaceful ambiance although right now, her attitude was making him feel anything but.

As he filled out the paperwork he wondered why she had gotten so worked up over nothing. Last week she seemed pleasant enough. She was one of the first people he met after speaking with the principal, Mr. Williams. Rodney Williams, a black man of about 45 ran this place. A tall man of about Bobby's height, with a bit of grey peppering his black hair, he spoke highly of the school and welcomed him as yet another asset to the already excellent staff employed under his watch. What struck Bobby was the unspoken relationship between him and Ms. K. Although Williams did most of the talking it was Ms. K that seemed to be the one he looked to for approval. He noticed how Williams sidled up to her while they talked, how he looked to her, almost for authorization when he made certain statements and she seemed to be the one exuding the persona of leadership more so than he. Williams had told him that she would serve as his contact when he needed administrative approval or advice. That comment took him by surprise since he was the one whose head would most likely role if positive changes didn't happen here soon. Ms. K only nodded in agreement when Williams acknowledged her as his school contact. Williams seemed to qualify his comment stating he was often tied up with meetings or out of town - or so he said.

Throughout the fifteen minute 'get to know you' conversation outside William's office Ms. K remained cordial and quiet. It was then that he admired her beauty. She was tall and graceful and had the most beautiful long black hair characteristic of Asian women. Straight bangs across her forehead capped her lovely face with high cheekbones, large almond-shaped eyes and full lips. Her body, although thin was well proportioned. He guessed she was a bit older than he but then again, Asian women were hard to figure when it came to putting an age on them. What he now questioned was how his opinion of her had done a complete 180 between then and now. The quiet mysterious, almost docile secretary he met last week seemed far different now as he sat on eggshells and nervously wrote.

Since last weeks' brief introduction, he had spent most every day in the administration building located in the center of the city with his recently acquired colleague, Sharon. The two were trying to get a feel for how things ran, who was really in charge and what the academic problems were from the administrator's perspective. They met with most everyone of importance, spending extensive time meeting with everyone from the Superintendent and numerous assistant superintendents of school, to the director of athletics, to the counseling supervisor, to the head of guidance. They endured PowerPoint lectures that explained the history and East Riverton High, the local culture and demographics and spent countless hours in individual and group meetings. They reviewed hundreds of documents and yearly reports that extended back several years.

Having met most all of the powers-to-be, he and Sharon now turned their attention to the source of the problem - East Riverton High. Most likely they would be spending the majority of their time at the school for the next year or so until significant academic strides were made. Their objective was to once more have students test above the minimum state levels required of all school. Failure to do so for three consecutive years would put them on the Federal watch list with the risk of losing needed Federal funding.

Bobby finished filling out the form and handed it back. "Why is your address the same as your parents?" she asked quizzically after scanning the page.

"Because that's where I live."

"Where is Randolf anyway?"

"About an hour southeast."

"So far! In the mountains?"

Almost. It's in the foothills just north of them. It's a small country town; nothing like here. There are only two traffic lights in the whole town," he said grinning. "It's pretty much country. Just simple folk live there. Hard working people," he added.

"Do you care for them?" she said, turning her question back to his parents.

"Oh no, they are fine. Dad works for Tennessee Power and mom stays busy doing whatever."

"So why are you still at home Mr. Lewis? I mean you are how old?"

His face reddened. He didn't know why but this lady knew how to push his buttons and make him uncomfortable. "I'm thirty nine. Why?"

"Because you seem a bit old to be still living at home. Have you ever watched the movie Failure to Launch?"

He ignored the jab. "I'm not really at home. I have an apartment in the basement. Yes the address is the same but I don't live with them. It's not like I sleep in the same room I did when I was a kid"

"Do you watch TV at night with them?

"No."

"Does your mom do your wash?"

"Sometimes."

Do you cook your own meals?" she said, her interest apparent.

"Mostly."

"Oh! And what does mostly mean Mr. Lewis? I thought you told me you didn't live with them."

"I cook on weekends. Mom cooks during the week because I am busy at work all day."

"Oh my God," she exclaimed, "You are still her little boy aren't you?"

"What's the big deal? Don't you cook for your husband?"

"Mr. Lewis!" Her eyes flashed with anger as she raised her voice. "It's none of your dam business what I do on my own time. But to answer your question, no, I don't cook for my husband! Now get out of my office. I have no more need of you. Off you go."

She waved a dismissive hand as the furry of her anger continued to burn hot. He hurriedly grabbed his briefcase and scrambled out the door. Once around the corner he paused to lean against the hallway wall where he took a deep breath, regained his composure and headed out to a nearby conference room.

............

"You're late Bobby. What took you so long?"

"Nothing really," he lied. "Ms. K and I had to go over some papers. Just formalities. How was your weekend?"

She smiled. "I had a wonderful weekend. Jonathan and I spent Saturday at a retirement home visiting his grandparents and we went to church on Sunday. I cooked him a nice ham dinner that afternoon. How was yours?"

"I didn't do much. Went to a bar with a girl on Friday and slept in Saturday and Sunday; watched football most the time."

Sharon peered over her glasses looking disappointed. "Do you really enjoy the bar scene? I simply don't see why people like going there."

"What's there not to like? I mean I had a few drinks with a woman, played some pool, hung out with her and took her home."

"You mean you went to her place and slept with her," she said presumptuously.

"No. In fact I didn't. She was too drunk. I took her home and left."

"Well good for you. At least you did something right."

"What's that supposed to mean?" He asked completely mystified.

"Bobby, if you haven't figured already, you know I don't approve of drinking much alcohol. I see no good that can come of it. I also don't approve of sex before marriage."

"Would it surprise you that I don't either," he said emphatically.

"Yes it would. You don't look like the abstinent type to me."

"And you do?" He said defensively. He already knew the answer to that question.

"Are you telling me you are a virgin," she asked.

"Not exactly but I don't go out with girls just to have sex either. Why, are you?"

"I made one mistake in my life but that was a long time ago. I know better now."

Sharon Ashby who he just met last Monday came as a complete surprise. He thought he was going to be working as the only consultant for the East Riverton High project but apparently the State of Tennessee wanted one of their own to oversee his work. Shortly after lunch on his first day, in the middle of a meeting with the Assistant Superintendent, a frumpily dressed woman introduced herself and informed both he and the administrator that she would be working to address the academic deficiencies present. Not only was he not alone but she handed the administrator and him copies of a document stating she would be taking the lead on this assignment. Bobby was crushed!

Sharon came to work every day wearing clothing that appeared homemade. It wasn't that what she wore was ugly but it wasn't what he normally saw other women wearing. The dresses fell below the nearly to mid-calf and the necklines were often collared or buttoned; her shoes were simple flats; her make-up non-existent and her brunette hair was always pinned up in a bun. To Bobby she looked like she had been transported out of the 1950's. Not only was she dressed like a Plain Jane but she acted similarly. She was all business and anytime he brought up anything personal the word Jonathan seemed to come up in the conversation. He wondered if it was her not-so-subtle way of reminding him that she was attached. But there was something attractive about her. She was tall and slender. She had beautiful eyes, soft unblemished skin and delicate features. He guessed she was shapely and busty underneath but it was hard to tell exactly because of her loose fitting dresses.

"I don't know how I appear to you," she said after a long pause, "but then I really don't care." She stared off into space before adding, "What I do know is Jonathan loves me and that's all that matters."

Bobby said, "I think you do care what other people think Sharon. I think that's why you defend how you dress and act so vehemently. But I am happy that you have Jonathan. I really am."

"You are?" She said warily. "Why, you really don't know me and you've never met him?"

"True, but why would I wish something bad on you guys? What kind of person would I be if I wanted the two of you to be unhappy or break up? Who would wish that on anyone?" he said, rather than asked.

Sharon smiled but didn't look at him. "I guess you are right."

"Do you know what I have learned about you?"

"What?" Her curiosity piqued.

"I think you are pretty genuine; I think you are straight out of 1950 but I think you are real," he grinned. "I think what you let others see reflects who you really are. You don't put on a façade. You don't hide your values. You are kind of a what-you-see is what-you-get kind of a woman. And that's a good thing," he added. "And I think Jonathan is a lucky guy."

"I'm the lucky one," she corrected.

"Why is that?"

"Because he is a wonderful man."

"Care to explain?"

She blushed. As much as she loved Jonathan she didn't feel comfortable talking to someone she didn't know about the intimate details of their relationship. "We should get started on our work," she said desperately wanting to change the subject. "I have a two page list of things we need to begin exploring."

"Are you embarrassed to talk about the very guy you want to marry?" Bobby said with a chuckle. He was curious to know more about this man of her dreams.

"No!" she said defensively. "But I don't think we should be talking about him when we have so much work to do."

"OK, then, how about over lunch? Maybe we can grab a bite at the bar down the street."

"Yea right."

"No really. We don't need to drink. We can get a sandwich with water or ice tea. I'll drink the same thing that you order. They serve more than beer there, you know."

"I don't know Bobby. The lunch I packed will do me just fine."

"You can't eat lunch by yourself every day."

"I did last week."

"I know you did, but it's not polite to turn me down every day. And there's nothing wrong with walking through the front doors of a bar. It's not like you are going to go to hell if you do."

"I know that!"

"Great, then it will be my treat," he paused and smiled, "at the Lazy K."

"Yes Robert," she said stiffly. "Now can we please get to work?"

"Of course."

At that moment his cell vibrated. Checking the message he smiled, "Speaking of the bar scene," he said looking up with a grin. "It's Jasmine, my date from last night. She has a pounding headache but wants to see me this evening."

"Well I hope you don't do something you will regret if you do."

He smiled. "She does have an incredible body and she's like 25." He smiled thoughtfully. "And she doesn't mind letting me see most of what she's got to offer."

"Oh geez," Sharon muttered. "You really aren't going to pursue her seriously are you?"

"I don't think so. She's complicated; a bit of a dimwit too and insecure as hell but she knows how to stroke my ego and I like that."

"But she's 25!"

"And she's beautiful," he retorted, leaving out the fact that she was married.

"But you told me you didn't believe in sex before marriage."

"I know. I'm wondering if I need to rethink that one."

"Don't Bobby. You know better. At least I hope you do."

"I don't know. I just don't know."

"Look," she said changing the subject. "Get your mind out of the gutter and go to room 1202. I'll head to 1204. We need to spend some time in the classrooms to see what learning is actually taking place and what teaching methods are being used here."

"More like what isn't taking place and what they aren't teaching," he said.

"Yea, that too. Since I'm heading up this project we need to evaluate every teacher before we make any modifications."

"Yes Ms. Ashby." With that, the bell sounded and the halls filled with students. The two consultants made their way through the throngs and to the respective classes looking like two white specks in a sea of black as they headed down the crowded corridor.

Just before they parted Bobby grabbed her arm. "Let's meet at the main office. Remember it's my treat for lunch."

............

Three hours later they met up in the lobby just outside the main office.

"What a disaster," Sharon said when she approached.

"That bad?"

"Nothing happened. Well almost nothing happened in any of those classes."

"Same with what I saw. What's your take on the problem?"

"The kids run the class! That's the problem. There's no discipline in there at all."

Just then Bobby saw Ms. K exit the main office and head their way. After stopping to speak to one of the teachers she joined them.

"I'll be joining you for lunch. Where are you two eating?" she said matter-of-fact.

"Bobby and I were going to discuss our morning privately," Sharon said somewhat irritated at the sudden intrusion.

"At the Lazy K too," Bobby interposed.

"That will be fine. I'll be there in ten. Bobby, order me a ham on rye and sparking water." She turned and headed down the hall leaving the two of them looking at one another. Sharon frowned. Bobby smiled.

Sharon commented how nice it felt to be out in the sun as they walked to the bar. Strolling anonymously on the busy sidewalk with others heading to lunch or off to meetings, Sharon talked the entire time about how disappointed she was with the teaching that was painfully absent. The one comment that Bobby focused on was the insightful remark she made concerning the disconnect between what she had saw in the classroom and the administrators' perception of the teaching quality.

"It's going to take some time, and tact to get them to understand that, Sharon," he added. "Most times people only see and hear what they want and my guess is you are dead-on in your assessment. If they take to heart that at least some of the blame for only 40% of incoming ninth graders graduating then they also have to acknowledge that part of that problem has to do with them and not just with William's efforts to keep a sinking ship afloat."

When the waitress arrived Bobby couldn't keep her eyes off of the young black girl. Sharon noticed him gawking but chose not to comment. He ordered a turkey salad sandwich which he said was delicious but Sharon opted for the Lazy Burger special. She told him she was raised on a ranch in Oklahoma and there was scarcely a day when there wasn't some form of beef on the table when mom cooked a meal. Soon their meals arrived; his with a cranberry muffin on the side and hers with a side of coleslaw. They talked more of her life at home, her many siblings including her twin, her schooling at Oklahoma State, her degree in education and then her move away from family when she attended graduate school.

"So you don't have family in the area?" He asked.

"Not a one but I get home to see them a few times a year, usually on holidays. Christmas and the Fourth hold a special place in my heart for that reason."

Thirty minutes later the two had nearly finished eating and sharing their life's history albeit in a synoptic view. Bobby asked questions about Jonathan like he had planned and Sharon surprised him by speaking freely and openly, describing how they met and spoke at length about his family and parents and their common values.

"So he's the youngest of five?" He said rhetorically.

"Yes but he is the most financially set of them all," she said proudly.

"What does he do?"

"Works at First Federal on 5th and Market."

"In East Riverton?"

"No in Riverton."

"Oh, I don't know much about the area. I'm still trying to not get lost after I exit the interstate."

Sharon smiled. Just then she noticed Ms. K walk through the front door. "We have company," she said quietly.

Sharon waived and Mariko approached motioning for Bobby to slide over on the bench seat. She sat and then glared menacingly at him.

"Where is my lunch Mr. Lewis?" she said obviously irked at seeing no food to eat.

"I didn't think you were coming for awhile and I didn't want it to get cold."

"It's a ham sandwich Mr. Lewis. It can't get cold! And regardless of whether I told you to order soup or an ice cream Sunday you didn't do what I asked. Didn't we just have this discussion?"

"Yes," he said quietly.

"I don't understand why you can't seem to follow such simple orders." She shook her head in disgust and motioned for the waitress. When she approached she said, "Mr. Lewis has something he would like to say. Don't you Mr. Lewis?"

Bobby's face flushed although he did pause to glance at her shapely body and sweet booty. Raising his gaze he asked, "Can you bring a ham sandwich on rye with a sparkling water for Ms. K?"

"Mayo on that sir?"

"Bobby looked at Ms. K. "Dijon mustard please."

"Lemon with your water?" The girl asked. This time looking first at her and then at him.

Again Bobby glanced at Ms. K who sat perfectly still. The awkwardness of the scene intensified. He broke the silence, "Ms. K, would you like lemon with your water?"

"Yes, that would be very nice," she said smiling at the young girl.

When the girl left, Bobby leaned back looking behind Ms. K to watch her sweet ass sway with each step she took.

"Someone needs to teach you manners," Ms. K said.

"My Daddy taught me all the manners a boy needs to know."

Ms. K and Sharon sat silently deliberately biting their tongues at the demeaning remark. Finally Mariko said, "Carry on with your conversation. I've got to read over this letter."

Bobby picked up right where they had left off and never noticed or felt the tension build in his female companions after he once more obnoxiously stared at the waitress's ass when she walked by once again. "So you said he works at the bank?"

"Yes."

"What does he do?"

"He's the branch manager."

"How long has he worked there?"

"Oh my," she said thinking. "He started right out of college so at least 17 or 18 years."

"Sounds like he enjoys working in the banking industry."

They chatted informally and Ms. K added her two scents every now and then. Bobby talked about his interest in business when he first went to college and how he changed majors after just one semester. The conversation remained upbeat and informative. Bobby cracked a joke and Sharon laughed just as the waitress arrived with Ms. K's meal arrived.

She busied herself eating and didn't seem to pay much attention with their conversation as it turned back to Jonathan and his work.

"He loves it. I think he started doing something with the accounting department when he first got there, and then worked in investment banking for a few years but by the time we met, he was in a managerial tract and recently got promoted to his current position."

"So you guys didn't know each in high school or college."

"No, he grew up here in Tennessee and, well, you know about where I grew up. We met at a church outing a few years ago," she said.

Ms. K looked up at Sharon. After a long moment she asked. "Are you feeling OK? You don't look well."

"Something in my stomach isn't sitting right. It may have been the sandwich. I ordered it medium-rare because I like to taste the blood in the meat but I don't think they cooked it quite enough."

"So you like the sight of blood?" She asked curiously.

"I didn't say that Ms. K. I said I like the taste of it in my beef, but to answer your question, no, I don't mind the sight of blood. Having grown up on the ranch I've seen my share of it while working in the slaughter house every fall."

"That's interesting. I wouldn't have taken you for a farm girl." She handed her a few antacid tablets.

"Thank you."

Bobby chimed in redirecting the meandering conversation, "So Jonathan goes to church?"

"Of course. I wouldn't have it any other way. Or rather, I wouldn't consider him marriage material if he didn't."

"I take it your faith is important to you?" He pressed.

"It is very important. It is for me and for Jonathan. Jonathan and I both teach Sunday school and we go to services at least twice a week."

"What's he teach?" Bobby asked.

"He teaches the senior high kids and I teach elementary children."

"I don't mean to probe, Ms. Ashby" Mariko asked, "but do you take a traditional view of what the Bible has to say?"

"What do you mean by traditional?"

"That the man is the head of the home; that women were made to serve men; that women should not wear makeup or jewelry or that it's a sin to work on the Sabbath. That kind of stuff"

"Well, I'd say she does," Bobby said assumingly.

The two ladies ignored him. "Yes I do." Sharon answered.

"And you are OK with that?"

"I am. I don't see why I wouldn't be."

"Well Bobby here has his mother cook for him most every day even though he has a kitchen in his basement apartment and yet he tells me he lives independently from them. Does that seem right to you?"

"I don't know his situation, Ms. K so I really can't comment."

"I think he's lazy and is taking advantage of his mother. The man is almost forty. I think it's time for him to grow up and move out."

"Maybe it is but that's probably a separate issue. Maybe his mom enjoys cooking for him and having him around the house."

Bobby grinned.

"I take it you enjoy waiting hand and foot on... What's his name?"

"Jonathan. Yes I do."

"And does he wait on you," she asked.

Sharon thought for a moment. She didn't remember anyone having asked her such a question. "As a matter of fact, no he doesn't but why should he? There's nothing in the Bible that says a man should wait on a woman."

"And that's OK with you? You don't have a problem with that?"

"I don't understand where you are going with this," she said redirecting her question.

"I'm not going anywhere with it. I'm just trying to understand you. I know the Bible does say a man should love his wife so much that he is willing to die for her. I think there's a lot of room in that statement for men to serve. Don't you?"

"I guess. I never thought about it."

"You should."

"Why?"

"Because I don't think it's right for you to dote all over him and let him assume he has a right to tell you to do this, or fetch that, or assume he has ownership of you."

"But that's what the Bible says," her attitude becoming more defensive. "Maybe I'm just different from other women you've met."

"Actually Ms. Ashby you aren't. I know lots of women like you."

That response surprised her. She asked, "Do you go to church too?"

"I do."

"Then that makes sense."

Ms. K didn't answer but suddenly slid out of the booth and stood. Looking at Bobby she said, "You can go now. I want to talk with Ms. Ashby alone."

He looked at her with an obviously surprised expression. He could not figure this woman out and that bothered him. He was about to say something but thought better of it. Quietly he slid out, and excused himself. "I'll see you back at school Ms. Ashby. I'm going to visit Mr. Richardson's biology class."

"Thank you Bobby. I'll see you later."

When he had left Ms. K sat. Sharon wasn't sure why she had just excused him but waited for her to say something profound. When she didn't, she broke the silence. "I take it you wanted to talk to me privately?"

"There was no need for him to be here. He just wanted to hear things he'd only gossip to others. Having him here did neither him nor us any good. He needed to go."

Sharon smiled. "I could never do what you just did but I love the way you handled him."

"He's no different than any other man. He has one thing on his mine all the time."

"Work?" Sharon asked.

Mariko broke into a hearty laugh. "Work, oh my god woman you are from a different planet! Work is the last thing on his mind. It's sex that consumes him."

"And what gave you that clue?"

"Oh, just that one of the first things out of his mouth last week about you was a comment on how you dress; that he can't maintain eye contact with me but kept looking at my boobs. Didn't you see how he undressed that waitress?"

"I did. It was disgusting."

"Indeed it was. I wanted to grab his balls and make him scream."

Sharon covered her mouth with a hand. "Ms. K! She exclaimed."

"All men are the same and the sooner you understand that the better off you will be. I believe it's a woman's job to control them and not take that kind of crap."

"I don't believe in that. At least Jonathan isn't that way."

"Ms. Ashby," Mariko said, "Jonathan is no different than Bobby or Mr. Williams, or Mr. Richardson, or your father or any other guy. It's how they are programmed and how they think. It's something I learned the hard way a long time ago. Now I try to help other women avoid similar difficulties by teaching them how to handle their husband or partner."

"Did you yell at him this morning?" Sharon asked not quite sure how to change the subject.

"Why do you ask?"

"Because when we met in the conference room he was obviously upset. All he told me is that he had met with you to fill out some paperwork but I could see he was an emotional wreck."

Ms. K. smiled. "Men need to know their place. Let's just say we had a misunderstanding that we had to get straightened."

Her eyebrows piqued. "Is that what your pastor preaches - men needing to know their place?"

"Yes, she does."

"She?"

"Yes. The pastor is a she. Does that surprise you?"

"Well yes! That's not Biblical."

"Oh Sharon," she said dumbfounded at her stupidity. "And I guess you believe God is a man too. Don't you?"

"Well yea."

"Where does it say that? I'll tell you where it says that. Nowhere."

"Well..."

"Well nothing," she interrupted. "Why do you believe in something that isn't even written down?"

"I don't," she said defensively.

"Of course you do. You just as much told me you did."

"And my guess is you believe that women should serve men."

Sharon looked intently at the older woman. "It's written in the Bible." She said almost in a whisper.

"Have you ever given any thought to the context of when that stuff was written or if their might have been some bias when a group of men decided on the exact wording of the original manuscripts?"

"No. Why should I?"

"Because the world was a different place back then. Men lived and died by the sword. The Bible was written at a time when things were so barbaric. That's why women had to submit. They had no other choice. A single woman would be killed, raped or sold into slavery. He had to find a man just to stay alive and if she ever dared to assert herself she'd likely be killed or made an example."

"And that is supposed to make a difference?"

"Do you believe God wants to subject women to some type of second rate life?"

"I don't know."

"Oh come on. You are a college graduate aren't you?"

"A Master's from Vanderbilt," she said proudly.

"Then for god's sake think."

"I believe what the Bible says is how we should live."

"Because men know how to best treat women?" she asked acrimoniously.

"Yes. Because when men rule as head of the home, they please God."

"You are a fool."

Sharon could feel her blood beginning to boil and her stomach was becoming more irritable by the minute, which wasn't making this conversation any more enjoyable. Of course she was right. She and Jonathan had talked about this very subject at length - even studied it together. He felt completely comfortable making the decisions on their behalf and why not. It was how he was raised; how his father lived, and how his mother lived under his dad's authority. He was God's representative in their soon to be marriage. She would put her trust in him because he sought out God's direction. It was one of the things she loved most about him. It was how she was raised by her parents and how he was brought up too. What right did this woman have to challenge one of the very tenants of her faith? No right; none at all. Dam her for doing so!

"Ms. K, you are so wrong about this," she said firmly. "I don't know how your husband feels about this but obviously you two must disagree on this matter."

"I don't have a husband." She said stiffly.

"Oh," she said astonished. "I assumed you were. Well then that explains it. If you were married I think you'd have a different perspective."

Mariko smirked. "You do, do you?"

"Yes, I do."

She looked at her watch. "It's been good talking with you Ms. Ashby. Maybe we can continue this discussion at another time."

Sharon only nodded. She had no intention of talking further with her. There was nothing to be gained other than being frustrated with her values being challenged unnecessarily.

Before Ms. K stood she handed Sharon a business card. "I lead a women's group. We meet every Thursday night in the basement of our church. Over a hundred women come regularly. We talk about women's issues and how to properly run a home. I believe all of the women either are, or were married to men like Jonathan. You should come. I think you might find the meetings interesting and the women's stories even more so."

Sharon took the card, read the name of the church, 'The First Feminist Congregation.' Rolling her eyes she stuffed the card deep into a side pouch she rarely used. "Thank you. I'll think about it."

"Will you?"

"Maybe."

"I hope you do. Like Bobby said, walking into a bar isn't going to condemn you to hell. Neither will a visit to a church that is run by a woman."

The dig stung but she wasn't even certain Ms. K intentionally tried to get a rise out of her or just stating the obvious. She was right about the risks of attending the women's group, but then again, why should she even consider? She was perfectly content with how things were between her and her man and she knew he would never approve of her attending such a meeting. Sharon slid out of her side of the booth, and together they walked the four city blocks back to work.

When they entered the school Sharon said, "I need to visit the bathroom. I don't feel so well."

"Use the staff bathroom in the office area. It's clean and private. Do you need some more antacids?"

"No. I think I need to throw up."

"If you don't feel well, just take the rest of the day off."

"I might just do that."

"If you see Mr. Lewis, tell him to make sure he sees be before he heads home," Mariko added.

"I'll text him now," Sharon said. "I might take you up on your offer and get out of here early."

Sharon headed to the restroom and Ms. K to her office. Twenty minutes later Sharon left work. She had voided from both ends and although she felt much better she didn't want to chance a recurrence.

.............

She grabbed him by what hair he had, yanked his head back into position and pressed her pussy firmly against his face. His tongue lapped against her soft flesh. It sent wonder feelings rocketing through her body, but his technique still needed work; lots of work. Every so often he'd let his front teeth rake across her clit sending a shot of pain deep into her sex.

"What the hell is wrong with you?"

He answered "What am I ..."

He never finished asking the question. She slapped him hard across the face; the force of her blow bringing tears to his eyes.

"You know better than that. You never speak. You should know this by now. Your job is to lick. That's it. Nothing more."

She looked down at the 40ish year old man and wondered why in the world she was doing this. His hair was thinning, he had a soft paunch about his middle and handsome was not a word that even came anywhere close to describing him. But he was a project and this was for the greater cause. Besides, others deeply appreciated the time she spent with him but this one was troublesome. It had taken her months of training and he was just now starting to get it. Just when she thought he was learning, he'd do something stupid like this. It wasn't the teeth that were so much of concern but rather the remark. She could correct technique. That was the easy part; the enjoyable part for her and usually pretty easy to teach. It was the attitude she hated. Nothing irritated her more than a man not knowing his place. Like she said, his job was to act, not think.

"Look," she said for the tenth time, "keep your upper lip over your teeth. Don't ever let it move away from them. It hurts when I grind on your mouth and hit a tooth. It ruins all of the pleasure you worked so hard to give me. It makes me not want to make you eat me. Is that the message you want to convey?"

He shook his head.

"Good because that's not what I want either. I know your mouth is getting tired but do you think you can do it right this time?"

He nodded in the affirmative.

"Good because if you do this again, I'm going to beat the shit out of you."

Pushing his head back down against the floor she knelt over him and lowered her sex to his waiting mouth. She let him work and like before his licking began to arouse her. He was good when he put his mind to it but it was being consistent with his ministrations that still suffered. Her pelvic motions became more pronounced, more purposeful as her pleasure increased. This felt nice. This felt real nice. She moved again, first bobbing up and down and then rocking her hips slowly over his protruding tongue. Her juices flowed. He kept his composure and this time when she began to move more erotically, using him as he was meant to be used, he kept his dam teeth covered. She looked down. She loved seeing a man between her legs, even if he wasn't one she'd take home for good. The thought of her using him made her feel wonderful and that feeling was indeed addictive. It's what made doing this nearly every day worthwhile. She smiled but he never saw it. The blindfold covering his eyes had been there for over an hour and would be there for at least another. He had no idea who she was or what she looked like and he never would. He was just a man being remade into a new man - into a better man.

"Oh yesss," she cried out in delight as her body seized. Every muscle contracted as the pleasurable tsunami came crashing in the form of an orgasm. After she came she slowly pulled her cunt away from his face and eventually stood. Securing his cuffed hands to a nearby eyebolt with a padlock she left the room. Ten minutes later she reappeared having showered and dressed.

"Take care Larry. Don't forget what you learned today."

Larry knew better than to respond. He had felt her wrath too many times in the past. He was learning even though the process had been painfully slow. It had taken several months; several painful months but he had come so far. He laid waiting, his arms stretched overhead. Sometimes he waited only a few minutes; at other times the wait lasted hours. It was all a part of the process of the remolding, as he heard it termed. And it worked. At least it worked on him. The cold of the concrete chilled his body. Not only was it unyielding but it sucked the heat from his core. Within an hour his hands and feet grew cold; within three he could not stop shivering; after five, well, he hoped he wouldn't have to endure that again. He hoped someone would come before too long - before the cold really penetrated. He hated feeling so helpless yet he knew there was no one to help him other than the one who would eventually come.

Once he had called for help. It was a mistake he'd never repeat. He only yelled twice before he was soaked with freezing water. He thought he was alone. He thought no one was there and maybe she had gone but someone was there waiting patiently to see how he'd respond; how he'd react; how he'd handle himself when the wait superseded his own expectations. He had been told from the beginning that he was to remain quiet and do whatever any female voice instructed. After every lesson the comment from the woman was the same. "Lay still. Don't move. Don't speak a word." On that day he chose to disobey and the penalty was to be anchored to the eyebolt even longer while his sopping wet body shivered convulsively for several hours.

On this day and after what seemed to be hours, a presence entered, secured a leash to the steel collar he wore and led his naked body out into the cold night air. She pushed him into the hold of a car. He heard the door slam and once more he lay in silence. Thirty minutes later the trunk opened and he was led into a garage where he was once more secured to an eyebolt. No words were ever spoken between him and his transporter.

There was nothing pleasant about the entire ordeal and yet, there was something completely pleasant about it all. And that is what Larry couldn't figure. As much as his world had flipped upside down in recent months, there was a peace that had started to permeate his mind that had never been there before; not even when he had complete control of everything and everyone around him. He waited once more, this time hoping it would be for his wife. Hopefully she would come before too long.

A Tennessee Education Pt. 02
byKatiekatsman©

Disaster strikes Sharon and Bobby leading to drastic changes

This is the second of a seven part story of a Bobby Lewis, an educational consultant, who happens to find himself in a unique relationship with both is co-worker and a school secretary. The story is of course fantasy and is one in which female dominance/femdom is advocated. If female dominance/male submission or man subjugated to slavery is not your cup of tea you will not want to read further. If it is, I hope you enjoy the read. Before you read Part 2, please read Part 1 as each part builds on the one previous.

*****

A Tennessee Education

Part 2: Changes

As Sharon Ashby left the parking lot she called Jonathan to let her know she needed to cancel plans for this evening. He was going to come to her place for dinner and then watch a movie but with her feeling as she did, she knew she'd be less than ideal company. His phone rang several times and then went to voicemail. She was about to leave a message when she decided to stop by to see him instead. First Federal was almost on her way home. Instead of taking the Parkway exit she got off at Walnut and headed over to Market. Parking across the street from the bank she got herself situated, brushed her hair and looked in the visor mirror. Just as she was about to get out she saw Jonathan exit the bank with a dark-haired woman hanging on his arm. She looked once more, not believing what she saw. It was him and by the look of the way she had her arm wrapped inside his, they obviously knew one another. She watched them turn left out of the front door and walk arm in arm on a beautiful September afternoon. Tears filled Sharon's eyes as the magnitude of what she was taking it began to settle.

"That bastard!" She whispered. "Oh My Jonathan, what have you done?"

Her mind was in a whirl of feelings, thoughts, emotions and turmoil. She suddenly felt sick to her stomach. Opening the car door she leaned out and vomited caring not that others might be watching. Spitting whatever leftovers still clung to the thick mucus still in her mouth she closed the door, wiped her face with a tissue and pulled out of the parking spot she had claimed a moment earlier. She drove slowly anticipating that Jonathan and the woman would turn into the parking garage just ahead. They did. Sharon pulled over to the curb and waited. Soon she saw the familiar Infinity sedan pull out and head north. She followed. In another ten minutes she realized he was heading home. She let them pull ahead out of sight while she took an indirect route to his place.

Arriving some ten minutes after they had Sharon parked around the corner from his condo she walked to the back entrance using her key to enter through the walk out basement door. Silently she ascended the carpeted stairs. Once on the main level she saw what she feared and suspected. Clothing was scattered on the living room floor, on the stairs, and she imagined, in the upstairs master's bedroom.

"Oh Jonathan," she thought, tears once more streaming down her cheeks. "Why?"

Deciding to confront the situation immediately she headed up. The door was mostly closed but opened enough that she could see in. He was lying on top and fucking her hard. She watched his ass pumping like a jackhammer and listened to her crying in ecstasy as he brought her closer to an orgasm.

"You fucking whore!" he shouted. "This is what bitches like you deserve."

"Oh yesss!" she cried out, "Fuck me like you mean it."

"I'm going to, you bitch. You don't deserve a cock like mine but you're going to get it and get it good."

He grunted and she could see that the two of them had been going at this for a while. Sweat glistened across his back and it was obvious he was having the time of his life. But the whole scene seemed surreal. She had never, ever heard him swear during the entire three years they had dated. Even after he had proposed he hadn't, even once, pressured her to have sex. "So why this? Why all the profanity? Why the double life?" She couldn't make sense of it and in the process lost any gumption to walk into their lovemaking and face him. Instead she stood amazed as a new emotion that she had never felt toward Jonathan brewed. Hate. She felt unbridled hate for disrespecting her. "God," she fumed, "it wasn't disrespect it was outright betrayal."

Sharon stepped back when he pulled her roughly to her feet almost throwing her against the wall. He pinned both arms overhead and thrust is cock inside her roughly. She could see it all. She watched feeling emotionally disconnected from her physical presence. His erection was full although his cock was surprisingly diminutive in size although quite thick. Jonathan and the woman locked gazes as the cadence of his pounding gradually quickened. She groaned. He groaned and then she came in a rush screaming and begging for more. He pulled out, apparently not wanting to come and watched her shake in ecstasy.

"I'm that good," he said confidently. "I can make you come any time I want."

"Make me come again big boy. Make me come in the bathroom."

"You are a fucking whore?" He said picking her off her feet and whisking her into the adjacent room.

"Bend over like the dog you are and let me drill that cunt of yours one final time."

And so he did.

Sharon dejectedly walked down the stairs and out the front door. She didn't care. Her mind was numb. The tears flowed and once she was partway down the sidewalk so did the sobbing. Minutes later she found herself at her car not even remembering how she got there. It was over. They were over. What she witnessed was exactly the same thing her twin sister Debbie had experienced years ago. She was Sharon's twin although not her identical. Mom always said they were the prettiest of the children but Sharon knew Debbie was the most beautiful. She had it all. She was the high school homecoming queen, the county fair queen and one of the final runner-ups in the Oklahoma beauty pageant. Unfortunately Debbie had discovered her husband of less than a year arranged for two of his buddies to get into their house and rape his wife while he watched through the mostly closed door. The two guys fucked her repeatedly and kept their faces hidden under ski masks. Several weeks later her husband made a passing comment which she picked up on. She couldn't believe he had set up the entire event. Within a month she had her marriage annulled but the episode had devastated her sister and sent her into a deep depression for months. Only intensive counseling and therapy brought her slowly back to health. That was almost ten years ago but Sharon knew permanent damage had been done. Since that event, Debbie had rarely dated and only in the last year had she acted once more like the spunky sister she loved so dearly. "And now me! And now me? Why God? Why?"

She had no answers and for the longest time sat with both hands on the steering wheel and her head slumped forward, resting on her hands. The noise of a car in the quiet neighborhood made her look. It was a cab and it slowed as it passed her and stopped after turning the corner. Sharon got out and started walking. A moment later the cute dark-haired woman bounded out the front door and walked hurriedly to the cab. Sharon sprinted to the opposite back door and opened it just as the cab started to move. The driver put on the brakes when he heard the other door open. The woman beside her was taken aback.

"Get out of here," the girl said.

"Drive," Sharon yelled to the cabbie.

He didn't so she pulled a $20 from her purse and tossed it over the front seat. "I said drive."

The car slowly drove off.

"Do you know who I am?" Sharon asked.

"No clue. And I have no idea why you are in my cab."

"How long have you been seeing Jonathan?"

"So you know him?"

"Yes. I know him. How long have you two been together?" she asked once more.

"We aren't a thing. We just meet up every now and then whenever he calls."

"Just to fuck?" Sharon couldn't believe the word had left her mouth but she also had never felt such hatred for the man she had given everything to.

"What business of what we do is yours?" the woman said firmly.

"I know what you were doing in there. I saw you. I watched him do you on the bed, against the wall and then in the bathroom."

"What are you lady some kind of Peeking Tom?"

"No," she snapped, "I'm his fiancée."

The woman lost all of the wind in her sails when Sharon conveyed her relationship with Jonathan. She reached out and touched Sharon's hand. "Ma'am, I had no idea. Really, I didn't. He pays me to have sex and endure whatever kinky fantasies he has. He seems like a nice guy but we have no relationship. He means nothing to me. My relationship with him is nothing more than a business partnership."

Sharon burst into tears. "Oh my god, he's paying you to have sex? Oh god. What's become of him?" She balled. The sobbing continued for a long time. The woman said nothing but embraced the pitiful bride to be.

When she was able to compose herself she asked again, "How long has he been paying you?"

"For at least a year, Ma'am. He calls me, usually on a Tuesday. Mostly we go to a hotel but sometimes he takes me to his place. I don't know why he changes our meeting place but then again, it really doesn't matter to me."

"So you are with him every week?" She asked aghast he had lived this sham of a life for so long and so often. She began realizing he believed he could have this woman on the side and not have her interfere with their relationship! She wondered just how many times he had held and kissed her and imagined it was this woman in his arms rather than she. The thought of this felt repugnant.

"Yes, about once a week," she reiterated.

"Always for sex?"

"Mostly. A few times he took me to dinner but we always ended up in bed eventually."

Sharon remised, "He probably did that on days when I was out of town."

"I wouldn't know."

She cried some more, this time curling up in the seat with her face pressed between her knees. The woman stroked her hair and when the cries grew more hysterical the lady asked, "Are you OK Ma'am? Are you OK?"

Sharon nodded and looked up.

"Driver," she said through sobs, "please take me to my car. It's around the corner from where you got her."

"Yes Ma'am," the old man whispered, "Whatever you want." He had been obviously a part of the entire conversation and felt sympathetic for a situation that was all too common these days.

The three companions sat in silence for the remainder of the drive to Jonathan's. When they arrived, Sharon pointed to where her car was and the cabbie pulled up alongside.

"Thank you for talking," Sharon said.

"I'm really sorry for what happened. Please believe me that I never knew he was involved with another woman. He told me I was the only one he ever saw."

"I don't' blame you. I feel sorry for you. Sorry that you do this for a job, but I don't blame you. I blame him, that bastard."

She turned away and exited, tossing the cabbie another $20 before closing the door.

...

At 3:15 that afternoon Bobby ran his school badge over the scanner, clocked out and hurried to his car. He hadn't a minute to spare. The drive home would take him a good hour, maybe more given the time of day and then it would take him a another two hours to get to the stadium. He had to hurry so seeing Ms. K would have to wait until tomorrow.

He threw his briefcase into the seat next to him, cranked the radio, fired up the car and buckled his seatbelt while pulling out of the parking spot. It was the sickening sound of metal on metal that suddenly interrupted his thoughts.

"Oh shit!" He exclaimed.

Pulling his car forward a few feet he slammed it into park and jumped out. The late model Lexus he drove had barely a scratch on its bumper but the older Chevy he had hit hadn't faired so well. The front quarter panel was pushed in and the headlight was crushed. He checked the sticker hanging from the rearview mirror. The car belonged to as student.

"Dam kid shouldn't be parking in the faculty lot anyway," he rationalized.

Hopping back into his car he turned the wheel hard and headed home. He had left no paint on the damaged vehicle and none was on his. No one would know and besides, the car he had bumped wasn't worth much anyway. The tires were bald and the paint peeling in several places. When he had looked inside, the interior didn't look much better. Bobby rationalized, "When the kid, whoever he was, got to his car and saw the damage, he'd chalk this one up to a life lesson of not parking in the wrong lot."

After negotiating only mild city traffic he made his way onto the interstate and phoned Brad who said he'd be at his place within the hour. He next called Jasmine and let her know he would be out of town for the evening. She begged him to change plans, letting him know that if he did she'd make his night one he'd not soon forget.

"Jasmine. I can't. Do you know how lucky I am to get tickets for the game?"

He smiled listening to her remark.

"We can go out tomorrow. I promise. And no, you can't sleep with me tonight."

He hung up the phone, put two hands on the wheel, accelerated to 75 mph. A minute later his phone chimed. Checking the text it was a naked pick of Jasmine. "Dam she looked delicious," he thought." She sure knew how to tempt a guy in all the right ways." He drove the rest of the way with the music cranked but opened his phone several times to drool over the pic she sent.

Brad was already at his place when he pulled into the driveway. When he got in he was surprised to see Willie and JT in the back looking at something on their cell and laughing hysterically.

"Hey," Bobby said, "I didn't know we had a party in here."

"Lewis, how you doing?" JT asked.

Brad pulled out of the drive and headed out of town. The guys had been friends for years and all attended Randolf Central back in the day. JT and Willie never made it through twelfth grade and Bobby was the only one that ever went on to college. But regardless of their educational differences they were the best of friends. JT and Bobby were the only ones yet to marry with Brad being the elder statesmen having been married for the better part of 18 years.

"Brad tells me you got yourself a got girl finally," JT said.

"She's alright," he answered noncommittally.

"Oh shit she's only OK, she's Judy's friend. I don't know if they still hang together but when Jude was in school I remember the two of them together."

"Holy fuck Lewis, how did you land that little bitch?"

"Paid for part of her bill the other day at Walmart and then she asked me out."

"I can't put a face on her," Willie said. "You got a picture?"

"Sure do." Bobby pulled up the photo she had just sent him on the way home and handed the phone to the guys to drool over.

"Look at the tits on that chic!" Willie howled. "Dam she is fine looking."

"How does she fuck?" JT asked.

"Don't know. I'm going to take my time and get to know this one."

"Get to know her. Boy you lost your mind? Stick you dick inside that wet hole; that's how you get to know her. What the hell are you waiting for? I'd of gotten me some meat the first time I went out with her."

"Maybe that's why she didn't ask you out, and besides you already got yourself a wife."

"The old lady don't look noth'in like that though."

"Got any more pics from the little girl Lewis?" JT asked.

"Nope, she just sent that one today."

"Get her to send you another one. I want to see her pussy."

Naw, can't do that."

"C'mon. Just see what she says."

Bobby shook his head and took the phone back. He decided to send a text to Jasmine and did so after the conversation turned to the upcoming ballgame. His cell vibrated and when he checked the photo his eyes widened. She was lying with her legs apart and both hands spreading her pussy wide open letting him see the moist opening of her cunt. Without a word he handed the phone to JT and a moment later the car erupted in laughter, gasps and hoots as the boys passed the pic around.

The guys laughed frenetically as they talked about how perfect her body was and JT decided that they needed to do a gangbang so they could all enjoy what Bobby seemed so reluctant to try.

"I'm sure she's a good lay," Bobby said. "I just don't know why she picked me over some younger stud."

"Bobby, you got coin boy. She's looking for marriage material," Willie said.

"Yep, won't be long before those boobs start to sag and the ass gets three times as big. Better get her sooner than later Lewis," Brad said patting his friend on the shoulder and shooting him a grin.

At 2am Brad and he parted ways. The game was a real nail biter but the Titan's had pulled it out in OT, 24-21, winning on a 57-yard field goal that kissed the right upright before slipping between the posts for the victory. The ride home was relaxing with Brad behind the wheel. Bobby had a blast hanging with three of his best friends. They laughed, joked and took the liberty to open a bottle in the car - actually 24 bottles - as the three passengers finished off a case of beer during the two hour ride home. JT and Willie got out on the north side of town after which Brad took the last of the drunk's home. Bobby thanked his friend and with a pounding headache and his world now moving in slow motion he waved goodbye. Shutting the car door he stumbled down the steps and into his basement apartment, stripped down to his underwear, took a long piss and climbed between the sheets. The bed was warm and the naked woman that wrapped her arms around him even warmer. She sighed invitingly when their bodies touched.

"What are you...?!"

"She put her hand over his mouth and then climbed on top of him plunging her tongue into his mouth while he slid his hands over her hips and ass. She knew she had him. She could feel his arousal almost immediately and pressed her sex against his cock just to let him know she approved of his erection.

"Shhh," she said after their kiss finally broke. "I told you I wanted to sleep with you."

Bobby started to object but she French kissed him once more. Satisfied that he would let her have her way she pulled the covers off and spun around. Straddling his face with her knees she grabbed onto his cock with both hands and sunk her mouth down onto the vertical shaft that protruded heavenward. Kneeling over his face she intentionally positioned herself so he could see her pussy in the dim light of the moon that barely illuminated the room. Hearing him moan she licked and sucked his cock a while longer. Satisfied she tore open the condom from its foil wrapper and slid it over him.

"Now fuck me," she whispered into his ear.

"He assumed a position on top and put his 39 year old cock into a woman for the first time in a very long time. His mind was in an alcoholic fog but there was enough of his consciousness intact to know that he was screwing one hell of a beautiful woman. As he pounded down she heaved her chest up, letting her heavy breasts push into his pecs. He wrapped one arm under the small of her back and pulled her tight as plunged his cock inside her again and again.

"Oh Bobby," she moaned, "Oh Bobby! How does it feel? How do I feel?"

Grunting he answered, "You feel wonderful."

"Tell me what you like?"

Bobby groaned. "Everything; your body is perfect."

She pulled his lips to hers and kissed him passionately. "It felt so good to put her tongue inside him while she got fucked," she thought.

It took no time at all. Soon he tensed and came. When he did, Jasmine smiled.

"I love to make a man come," she cooed. "Did it feel good?"

"Oh baby. It felt incredible."

"Good. That's what I wanted. Maybe we can do this again tomorrow."

Bobby grunted something that told her he wanted to and stumbled into the bathroom. When he returned the bed was empty.

"Where are you going?" He asked.

She was just slipping into her jeans when she answered. "I need to be at work in the morning. I'm going home to get some sleep."

"Stay!" he pleaded.

"Bobby, you are too easy. One fuck and now you want me to stay?" She laughed. "Too bad you had to go to that game. That could have been our tenth fuck of the night but I guess the game was more important." She smiled an in-your-face smirk.

"C'mon. Stay."

"Not tonight big guy; maybe another time."

She kissed him goodbye, squeezed his limp cock and headed out the door.

On her way home she thought about the brief interlude. She had played her cards perfectly, beginning with the picture of her standing seductively in the nude. Other guys had told her how hot that pic was and she had saved it knowing she'd need it in the future. She looked forward to seeing him earlier and even though he kept telling her he couldn't because of the game her texting all night long had paid off. On the way home they had texted for more than an hour and by then she was so horny she had to have him tonight. She saved the best of his comments, the ones in which he said how much he cared for her, how pretty she was and how much he loved Flipper. That one made her smile knowing he was referring to her tattooed breast. She slipped out of her clothes and fell asleep almost immediately after crawling into her own lonely bed. Once more she could rest contentedly knowing that out there was a man that cared for her.

...

"Holy Shit! Holy Shit! Holy Shit!" Bobby yelled from inside his car. Checking the time it said 8:02 and he was still at least 45 minutes from work. He couldn't believe he had overslept. He swore he had set the phone alarm but somehow either he hadn't heard it or it had never gone off. Sharon was going to be upset for sure. Hopefully Mr. Williams' wouldn't hear of his tardiness. He needed this job. This gig might be the turning point to his career as an educational consultant if this school could make strides in the right direction academically. He knew it would take a ton of work to get to that point but if things went as well as he hoped, and if word got out, he anticipated he'd be a sought after commodity and could spend the rest of his career, demanding six figure numbers, working with one delinquent educational system after another. After all, it wasn't like the area wasn't full of schools in trouble.

But he needed to smooth things out with Sharon as soon as he arrived. He hoped she'd understand and, he rationalized, he'd only be an hour late; maybe not even that if the traffic wasn't bad. She was the key. Yea there was Ms. K but in truth, it was Sharon that he needed to schmooze. She was the one that worked for the state and she was the one that would be his ticket to success. She carried the weight of the State of Tennessee and would be the one touting just how competent this guy from the little country town in Randolf was.

That was his dream but that was a dream for another day. Right now he needed to figure how he was going to explain the bloodshot eyes, and the late arrival to Miss 1950. Most likely she'd show up in one of those handmade cotton dresses of hers that she always seemed to wear. "Why didn't the woman ever dress in something that revealed a little skin and let him see whether or not she had as tight an ass as he thought she might?"

It was almost 9 when he found a place to park. Hurrying into the school he scanned the lobby, then the main office area before heading to the conference room. When he couldn't find her he walked to the end of the hall and started peering into classrooms, beginning with Room 1202. Twenty minutes later he sent her a text.

"Dam, I didn't want this to happen. She is not going to be pleased," he said to himself.

He waited ten minutes. No text came. Seeing no other option Bobby returned to the lobby and entered the administrative office area.

"Have you seen Sharon today Mariko, I can't locate her."

The woman continued to type without acknowledging the man had ever asked a question.

"Excuse me, Mariko," he said a little louder, "have you seen Sharon today?"

Mariko stopped what she was doing and stood and walked around the desk. She strode straight past him, almost brushing against his body. She reached the door and closed it. Returning to her seat she left standing Bobby frozen in his tracks. She sat and stared up at him saying nothing for the longest time. Her beautiful eyes bore into him and despite her beauty her presence unnerved and even frightened him. He stood looking at her, his eyes moving from her to the floor and back again. He could not maintain eye contact without feeling awkwardly intimidated.

He could take the silence no more. "Is something wrong?" He finally said.

"I don't know why I am even bothering with you."

"What do you mean?"

"What I mean is I don't know why I'm taking time away from my day when this is probably your last day with us."

Bobby's brow furrowed. "What are you talking about?"

"I can't believe you can act so clueless to something you obviously know quite well."

"Mariko, what the hell are you talking about?"

"Mariko stood and jammed two fingers into his chest, "Don't you ever call me Mariko again," she said poking him with every syllable that she enunciated.

The effect was immediate and Bobby cowered, "I - I'm sorry Ms. K. Forgive me."

"I don't forgive you. Do you know what I think of you?"

"No. But I don't think I want to know either."

"You probably don't but let's cut to the chase. Today you arrived what, one hour late?" She didn't wait for him to respond. "And yesterday you left almost two hours early. I don't call those decisions responsible. I call them immature and irresponsible. Last week you disrespected me when I called you to my office but you felt as if your time was more important than mine. During the past week and a half I have noticed as you've made less than flattering comments towards Ms. Ashby's dress and manner. Yesterday at lunch you stared at that waitress as if you were trying to visually undress her. You capped things off by leaving work and damaging another car and leaving the scene without reporting it to campus security. And you think you have the right to prance in here and call me Mariko and ask where Sharon is and act as if you've done nothing wrong?

"I - I"

She held up her hand to silence him. "I don't want to hear even one excuse because you don't have any. You don't have an excuse for deliberately showing up late or leaving early. You don't have an excuse for making a deliberate choice to gawk at that waitress. You don't have an excuse for driving off after you hit that car. You don't have an excuse for making the choice to put everyone else second to you. And it is for that reason that you will most likely get a call this afternoon from downtown to inform you that you will be relieved of your duties."

Bobby took a deep breath and stared upward. "Ms. K, please." His voice oozing with worry.

"Please? What in the hell are you pleasing me about?" Her anger was apparent but controlled.

"I need this job. Most of the things I did were stupid on my part. I admit that and leaving without reporting that accident was really dumb. Please," he begged. "I need this job."

"What you need is to grow up. What you need is to not think of yourself first all the time. What you need is to be properly trained."

"What I need is to keep my job," he said once more. "Can't we clean the slate and start over? I won't screw up anymore. Really I won't."

"Mr. Lewis. Do you know who Beverly Caldwell is?"

"Yes, I met her last week. She is one of the women that work downtown."

"To be more precise she is the administrative assistant to the Superintendent of Schools." Mariko added.

"OK."

"You hit her daughter's car."

"Oh shit!" He blurted.

"There you go again," she yelled, "unable to control your tongue and emotions."

"Sorry."

"I ought to kick you out of here right now. I'm so sick of dealing with the likes of you! You try my patience Mr. Lewis!"

"I am sorry Ma'am."

Mariko shook her head slowly trying to maintain her composure. "Ms. Caldwell is not happy with what happened. She doesn't know that we have a clear video feed of the accident but she'll see it soon enough. What's more, the car only has liability insurance on it and that won't cover the cost of repair."

"I'll pay for it," he blurted.

"Dam right you will."

Ms. K if she sees that video my goose is cooked. Who has the film?"

"I have the film. Well, Mr. Williams and I have the film."

"Ms. K, please; please, I need your help. I don't know why I keep screwing up but the fact is I need to stop. I want to stop. It's just hard sometimes."

"Most men have that problem."

"Say what?"

"I said most men have that problem. They're two dam impulsive and their egos are too big."

"Please don't let Ms. Caldwell know about the video. Just let me offer to pay for it instead."

"Mr. Lewis," Mariko said standing and walking around to him, "you are at a cross roads. You need to make some decisions."

"What decisions?"

"A decision to change; a decision to grow up; a decision to become a man and not a pervert; a decision to respect rather than continue to look at women only as the eye-candy you see them as now; a decision to humble your dam pride and put others ahead of you. You have issues and those issues are going to cost you your job."

"Please Ms. K. Please. I need this job. This is my first big break since I started working as a consultant. Don't be the one that causes me to lose this."

"Me," she said astonished. "Me, be the one that makes you lose this job? You amaze me. You just don't get it. Do you?"

She held the door open and motioned for him to leave. "Go do your work."

For the remainder of the day he sat in English class evaluating the educational process. He took notes and wrote down ideas and made comments for a report he'd write up later. Mostly his mind drifted to what Ms. K had said and about the myriad of blunders he had made during the past week. This was not a new pattern. It was how he functioned for as long as he could remember. In his past when he use to teach and later as an administrator he was able to brush those blunders aside. When he taught he was the one in control of the students and when he became an administrator he still had the upper hand on the teachers which served as his underlings. He knew he had screwed up and probably crossed a line with Ms. K and Sharon and he had to somehow make reparations tactfully. He found himself standing and politely excused himself from class and walked down to the main office an hour after being confronted by Ms. K.

"Could you phone Ms. K and see if she is free to talk?" He asked the office secretary.

"One moment please, Mr. Lewis."

He sat and twenty minutes later the secretary informed him she would see him.

"Close the door." She said. "How can I help you?"

"He pulled out a blank check he had signed and handed it to Ms. K. Please give this to Ms. Caldwell and tell her I'm sorry."

Mariko looked at the check and handed it back, "You give it to her. You know where she works."

"I really need this job Ms. K. I really do."

"And I really need a house servant."

"What?"

"You need a job. I need a house servant." She gazed intently at him. "You need a job," she repeated, "and I need a servant."

"Are you blackmailing me?"

"Not at all Mr. Lewis, I'm just letting you know what I need. Why don't you take a drive downtown and talk to Ms. Caldwell."

Resignedly he turned to leave. "Leave the door open when you go."

It was sometime after 4pm when he arrived at the Superintendent's office. He stood outside the office on shaky legs afraid of what might happen next. Walking in, Ms. Caldwell greeted him politely and they exchanged pleasantries. When he next brought up the incident in the parking lot her smile vanished but Bobby continued to speak, explaining the accident, his hurry to leave and how foolish that decision had been. He handed her $1,500, all in 50's and told her once more how sorry he was and that if the cost was more that he would pay her immediately. She took the money and quietly thanked him.

He left feeling somewhat better. The video feed still loomed and then there was the unapproved liberties he took with clocking out early and arriving late but at least he had made a valiant effort with Ms. Caldwell and the damaged vehicle. Fifteen minutes later he drove up the onramp and headed onto the interstate. Ten minutes after heading south on the highway his phone chimed. It was a text from Ms. K.

"If you want to remain employed: 2034 West Maple Ave, Sweet Gum, TN"

He read the message and pulled the car to the side of the road. He called her but there was no answer. He called again. No answer. He called a third time; still no answer.

An hour later he rang the doorbell. His phone chimed.

The text read: "Enter. Kneel on the rug; head touching the floor; shoes and socks off."

"What the fuck," he said to himself. He opened the door and walked in. The house was a modest two-story, three-bedroom home in a quiet neighborhood with mature oak, maples and elms. The inside was a reflection of her office: simple, elegant and orderly. He slipped out of his shoes and socks and apprehensively knelt placing his head on the throw rug that protected the polished hardwood beneath and waited.

"I didn't think you would come." He started to raise his head but felt a shoe against the back of his head pushing him back against the rug. "I instructed you to kneel. I didn't instruct you to do anything else."

She removed her foot and moved to a chair where she sat quietly. She let him wait and when she was satisfied she had his full attention she spoke.

"If this is going to work, it's only going to work on my terms." She was quiet once more.

Bobby thought, "OK lady, spit it out." But she didn't. She just let him wait, and wait, and wait. He hadn't noticed that she had left the room and returned some minutes later. He could hear china clinking.

Mariko sat sipping tea. When she was through she spoke, "Here are my terms. You accept all of them or none. I do not negotiate. After you've heard my terms make your choice, if you choose not to accept them, leave. If you choose to accept them remove all of your clothes and come up to my bedroom and bow facing the foot of the bed."

Bobby listened. Her words were clear, direct and completely out of the question as far as he was concerned. There was no way he was going to undress and kneel. No way. But something compelled him to wait and hear her out. The woman, he was learning, was a sociopath, a real nutcase. When she next spoke he realized she was standing immediately before him.

"Number one: you will get your clothing and toiletries from your apartment tomorrow and pack them in your trunk. Whatever doesn't fit in the trunk stays. Tell your parents you are moving closer to work."

"Number two: you will become my servant. You will obey me. You will not question me. You will not speak unless I motion for you to do so. In essence you become mine. For all intents and purposes, since you will obey only me, I will own you."

"Those are my rules, clear and simple. Number one, you are to move here and number two you are to obey me. I will leave you to your thoughts. You may go at any time if you wish but if you do, never come back, not even to work. If you agree to my terms, remain here until the clock strikes 7pm. I want you to think long and hard about your decision before you make it."

She walked away. He could hear her heading up the stairs.

...

He trudged up for what seemed the five hundredth time. The heavy weight making each step exhausting and painful. Sweat ran down his face, chest and back. "How many times had he lumbered up these tonight?" He thought.

Rebecca sat quietly enjoying a drink while watching him. There was something really nice about watching him work so hard just because she told him so. The simple task she had given him earlier seemed innocent enough, "Walk from here to here until I tell you to stop, and by the way, this is for you. Don't let it touch the floor."

That was over two hours ago and Nick's pace had slowed steadily. Not only did he walk more deliberately; the strain of the weight was taking its toll on his body. Rebecca wondered if it was harder on him physically or emotionally. She smiled pleasantly knowing it really wasn't her concern. The spare tire she had given him to carry was bulky and awkward but not overly heavy. She rationalized it couldn't weigh that much, but she had found it enjoyable to watch him walk the fourteen steps to the second floor and back. Each trek was different than the one before. Early on he carried the tire easily grabbing it by the rim's center. Then he started holding it with both hands, then he hoisted it onto his shoulder, later it rested on his back carrying it piggy-back style. Most recently he had rested the wheel on his thigh and walked leading only with his right leg which absorbed the weight of the wheel.

This was not a punishment and Nick knew it. It was reinforcement. It was a reminder. It was in essence a refresher class, one he had failed many more times than passed. This was year nine of his education and at the tender age of 48 he wondered how many more years of 'education' there would be. Wasn't this enough? Wasn't she satisfied? Did she doubt his level of commitment? He didn't; at least he didn't anymore. He loved her and he would do anything for her - anything.

Thirty minutes later she rose and glanced up as he prepared for yet one more descent to the first floor. "Put the tire away honey, and go make me dinner."

"Yes Ma'am." He said with a tired voice.

He was indeed exhausted. She could see that. His body was a mass of red scrapes and small abrasions from where the metal edge of the rim and sharp end of the inflation stem had raked across skin. More significant than the marks that would heal within a few days was the look. It was a look that lacked emotion. His eyes were vacant sockets. His body indicating the price it had paid for obeying. Standing some 12 stairs above her she looked at his naked body. He belonged to her. He was a mass of sweat but he was all hers. He was more than 'just hers''; he was her slave and it felt so good to see him. The fact that he would do, and had done so many meaningless tasks, dropping whatever he was doing, and obeying without the slightest hint of resistance confirmed his status. The transformation of these past several years on him was nothing less than miraculous and she vowed to never go back again. She couldn't go back; or more precisely, wouldn't. She wondered if he even had the capacity to revert. She didn't think so. She smiled and turned away.

...

Mariko received the call just after 8 pm. She listened with compassion for a few minutes before inviting her over. Twenty minutes later an emotionally drained Sharon Ashby stood on her porch and rang the bell. Mariko invited her in and they immediately embraced.

"Come, sit," she said extending a hand and offering her the loveseat in the sitting room. On the table between them was an assortment of mints, chocolates and nuts.

"I'm going to have a cup of tea. What can I get you? I have everything."

"Tea would be fine."

When Mariko returned she listened to Sharon tell her story picking up with her early departure from school and then having the sudden idea to visit Jonathan when she couldn't reach him my phone. Mariko listened; interrupting her only a few times for the next forty minutes while she bore her soul that had been so badly damaged a few days earlier. She withheld nothing, even telling her what positions the two made love, the things he said, and the debriefing she had with the woman in the cab. When she was through Mariko sat silently for some time. 

She reached for a mint and then said, "I can't tell you how many women have sat right there," pointing to Sharon, "and told me a story similar to yours. There's been at least a hundred."

"Really?"

"At least that many. I've heard so many heartbreaking stories from women. Some were as young as twenty; some as old as sixty. The stories varied but they all shared the same common theme as yours."

"What's that?"

"Men failing to remain true to the one they said they loved."

Sharon wiped a tear aside. "I don't know why I called you tonight. I have lots of friends but for some reason I didn't think they'd understand."

"Maybe you thought they would judge you."

"I think you might be right. I know it would be a lot harder to describe to them about what I saw them do than it would be to tell you."

A slight smile graced Mariko's face. "And why is that, Sharon?"

"Because you are so dam blunt. I just had a gut feeling that you would be someone I could confide in and not have you tell me to tone it down."

"I'm glad you did. To be honest I am a bit surprised you called after our contentious conversation at lunch?" She said smiling once more.

"I'm here probably because of that conversation." Sharon paused and looked away. Then she asked, "Can you tell me about your marriage?"

"What makes you think I was married?"

"I just know. Will you tell me? I think there is something that I need to hear and I think you are the one I need to hear it from."

Mariko nodded. "I think you do." She said in a hushed voice.

"I grew up in Japan. My parents lived in a small apartment in Osaka. It's a city about the size of Chicago. I loved living there. It's a beautiful city. It's warm in the summer and we'd get snow in the winter. There are parks and lakes throughout and the mountains are not so far off. The city is a place of culture and tradition. I loved being a little girl growing up with my mother and father."

Father worked in the factory and mother was a musician. I was brought up very traditionally. I learned respect and obedience and from them and as far back as I can remember I was taught to be seen but not heard. I learned my lessons and was made to work very hard on my schooling. In school we learned math, and reading and writing and the sciences and history and of course English. Everyone learned to speak English fluently. At home we were taught to worship and pray to our gods. We were taught the importance of family especially our grandparents. All Japanese children are taught this. It's a parents' gift they give them so their children can live a better life than that of their parents. I know my father worked hard in the tire factory. He worked long hours and came home exhausted every night. I remember mother having dinner for him every evening at 7pm. We followed a very routine schedule; up at dawn and in bed by 8pm on school nights.

"Everywhere we were taught manners and respect and when we disobeyed we were punished with a stick or a cane or a strap; whatever the teacher or mother felt was best. I grew up as an only child. It was something that the government was encouraging although Japan was not as strict as China on this matter. When I finished my schooling I was going to attend the University in Tokyo but asked if I could travel before starting more education. My parents agreed and I traveled to Greece and Italy to see the ancient ruins of the Roman and Greek empire. I loved that part of the world. It was a peaceful place. There was more room than in Osaka. And the culture was beautiful. While I was there I met a man. Adnon was tall and olive skinned and had the most beautiful smile and deep voice and I fell for him.

Being a single girl in Japan my mother didn't want me to date. She told me I needed to finish my schooling and then I would be more appealing to a man that might want to choose me. So when I left home I felt free for the first time. My parents weren't there to tell me what I could and couldn't do. I tried lots of things I would have never done if I were home. That was how I met Adnon. Even though he was from Afghanistan and grew up in a culture and country so different than mine it did not matter. To me, he was fun to be with and so good looking and he loved me. He told me about life in Afghanistan his life and the traditions of his home seemed more similar than different from mine. It seemed the main difference was the god we worshipped but since that wasn't important to me at the time, I didn't give it much thought.

I spent three months in the Mediterranean and by that time I pretty much knew I wanted to spend all the time I could with Adnon. We flew to Kabul and from there drove for miles north and east until we came to where he lived in the northern part of the country. The land was so different from Japan or the Mediterranean for that matter. There is so little water. It really was a mountainous desert. Once we arrived in his town I soon learned how important the tribal leaders were to their society. They were the mayors, governors and civic leaders of his area. What they decided was the law and they were very conservative, at least when it came to what women could and could not do. I should have taken notice of that when I realized some of the disparities between men and women but I was so overwhelmed with Adnon that I never did.

After meeting his family, his extended family, and many of his friends, he asked me to marry him. Even though everyone seemed quite reserved in their judgment of me because I was Japanese I couldn't bear the thought of leaving him. I couldn't imagine not being together and I knew that if I declined his marriage offer I might not ever see him again. And so I went against everything my parents taught and hoped for me as their only child. I even ignored all the warning signs that all but grabbed and shook me to wake up and leave. Instead I married him."

"We married ten days after we flew out of Vienna and within a month or so our relationship changed dramatically. I quickly learned about the other side of his culture I never took notice of while I was single. I learned a woman becomes the property of her husband when she marries. I learned she cannot do anything without his permission. I learned my only societal worth was to feed him and bear his children. I learned I wasn't permitted to show my legs in public. I learned I wasn't permitted to speak to a man without Adnons' permission. I learned I couldn't even vote or drive a car. Sharon, I became his slave and I was so clueless to all the warning signs beforehand. It was hell on earth."

"Like I said, after we married Adnon changed. He expected sex every night which I didn't mind giving him but it was how he wanted it that was different. We use to make love. He was such a great lover but within a month I felt like I was sleeping with someone I didn't even know. He started getting rough and he enjoyed hurting me when we had sex. I came to hate it. About the same time he started yelling at me because I wasn't cooking meals the way his mother did. He expected me to know immediately how to cook traditional meals and when I failed he'd beat me. He beat me every night. I think he used my inability to cook as an excuse to hit me. I'd ask him for permission to go to his parents' house to learn how to cook but even when he let me, his mother refused to teach me. Most everyone in the town refused to help.

"Why?" Sharon asked.

"Because I wasn't one of them; I was Asian. I later learned they hated me because I had married one of their own. They blamed our marriage on me even though Adnon had asked me! So most nights I waited in fear for Adnon to come home from work. He'd sit at the table and eventually smash his hand down. I'd jump every time he did. It was his way of letting me know he wanted to eat. He'd eat everything because he was hungry but then he'd swear and mock me, telling me how worthless I was because I couldn't even cook as well as his little sister. He'd drag me into the bedroom and it was there that the beatings took place. Usually he would leave after he had beaten me to the point I curled up in the corner and cried hysterically. When he returned he forced me to have sex and then told me how my lovemaking was as bad as my cooking. Most night's he'd leave again and go drinking with his friends. Meanwhile I'd lie in bed and sob until he came home. Every morning he'd push me out so I could have his breakfast ready when he got up. And then he'd leave for work and lock me inside the house where it was dark and dreary. I was miserable. I married a man who I dearly loved but he broke my heart every night after we married. It didn't take long before I thought of killing him."

"I was nothing to him other than a woman he could fuck and get a meal from. I was his prisoner. For the longest time I had no friends and no way to get outside the hell-hole of a shack that we called home. I came to hate the desert, his home, his family and his friends. I hated all that dam sand that got into everything and especially came to hate the culture that oppressed women."

"So what did you do?"

"Several months after we married I met a woman at one of the annual festivals. Her name is Fania and we quickly became friends. She was married to a man who loved her and she took me under her wing and taught me how to cook. I owe my life to her. I was so beaten and bruised by then and my body hurt so badly. When I learned to cook a few of his favorite dishes he finally stopped the beatings."

Mariko paused and wiped a tear from her eye. Sharon could see the memories of those events so many years ago were still very real in her mind.

She continued, "I envied Fania. Her husband gave her many freedoms Adnon would not give me. She could go to the market by herself. I could only go with Adnon's mother and even then I had to have a permission note. Fania was happy. She had children that brought joy to her life even though she was no older than me. I got pregnant almost immediately after we married and gave birth to a girl. She was so beautiful but Adnon wanted a boy and told me how unworthy I was because I didn't give him the son he wanted. That was another area of contention but having Kamelah (Ka Mel' a) kept me going. I promised her I'd take care of her and give her a life better than mine.

"When Kamelah was four months old, Fania informed me Adnon often went to the whorehouse on the edge of town. That was the final straw. Somehow I was able to cope with the beatings and the alienation but when he betrayed me by fucking other women I knew I had to escape. I refused to spread my legs anymore and although he beat me because I wouldn't give him sex small bit of control strengthened me. It gave me something I could call my own. I lived that way for another year."

"It was only with Fania's help, mostly because of the money she gave me that I was able to make my way into Pakistan and then fly home. Years later I learned that Fania's husband divorced her because of the assistance she gave me. She now lives in the States and I have done what I can to help her. She has since remarried and lives in the area and we see each other frequently. We both can share stories from when we were younger."

"Your story is so sad," Sharon said after Mariko had finally finished. The tale made her feel so bad for her and she temporarily forgot about her own horrific situation. She sipped the remainder of her tea and said, "In the end both you and Fania were betrayed by your husbands."

"Yes we were," Mariko answered quietly.

For a few minutes Sharon said nothing. Mariko knew she was thinking important thoughts.

"Where is Kamelah now?" She said finally.

Mariko smiled. "She lives in Silverton."

"Oh my, she lives close by!"

"Yes, we see each other lots."

"Do you have a picture of her? I'd love to see one."

Mariko walked into the adjacent room and retrieved a small album. Inside were several photos of her daughter. Like her mother, she was tall, slender and shapely. She had darker features and her complexion reflected the Middle Eastern influence of her father. But she could see her mother in her as well. It was the eyes, full lips, and high cheekbones that Mariko and Kamelah shared although it was evident that her daughter possessed more of an exotic look that the blend of genetics between the two races expressed so beautifully.

"Your daughter is beautiful, Mariko."

"Yes she is. I get the impression as I look at these pictures that she has a strong personality like you."

Mariko smiled. "Let's just say that she tends to bend others to her will."

"So she isn't the timid sort?" Sharon asked laughing. It felt good to laugh. The past several days were ones' she wished she could wipe from her mind but this visit had brought some life back into her after having experienced so much pain and anguish. Although Mariko's story was a sad one she was so glad that she could learn about such an important part of her past. She finally felt like Mariko wasn't just a secretary. She now felt like a friend and right now she really needed a friend to whom she could divulge her deepest thoughts.

Mariko moved and sat on the loveseat next to Sharon. "I am very sorry you and I have had similar experiences."

Sharon felt the ache return. After a welcome, but brief reprieve of thinking of all of her past hurts, those overwhelmingly sad feelings rushed back the moment she alluded to her and Jonathan.

"But our lives have taken very different paths. What makes you say we share similar experiences?"

"We've both been betrayed by the men we loved."

Quietly Sharon whispered in agreement. "Yes we have."

"Even though my experience with Adnon took place in a different time and culture under different circumstances it is very much the same as your situation. Even before Adnon decided to have sex with other women betrayed me. He seduced me; he told me he loved me under false pretense; he elevated his status amongst his friends and family at my expense and once he married me he reduced me to nothing."

Sharon shook her head sadly, wiping away a tear.

"And Jonathan did exactly the same thing to you Sharon. Don't you see that?" She placed a hand on her forearm. "He never ever loved you. Maybe in words he did, but never in his heart. How could a man love when he was fucking another woman and paying for the service? How could he be with her and share his body with her at the most intimate level a man and woman can, and then tell you a few hours later that he loved you?"

"I know," she said sobbing quietly. "That's what hurts so much now. I gave him all of me and now I feel like such a sucker. He played me."

"Sadly, you were."

"Oh god this hurts. Why does it hurt so much? Am I so crazy that part of me still wants him?"

"You aren't stupid and you aren't crazy. You are grieving; you're grieving over the loss of someone you loved and cared for. It hurts because now you realize the love was not a two-way love. It was love on your part but lust on his."

"Do you know what I don't get Mariko? I don't get that he stayed with me after he started seeing her. I mean, he must have known that I'd find out sooner or later. There was no way our marriage would make it. That's what I don't get. Why not just tell me he found someone else and let me go?"

"That's a woman talking. That's not how a man thinks. A man doesn't think the same way we do. They just don't. They think with their balls. They think with sex forming the framework about which everything else revolves. It's why Bobby made comments about your dress covering too much of your body. It's why he stared at that young girl when we ate lunch. He can't help it. It's who he is. It's sad but it's true."

Sharon sat meditating on her words. After a minute of silence she commented. "That is so sad."

"What is?"

"That their thoughts are predominantly sex driven. I remember hearing on a documentary that a man thinks about sex several hundred times a day. I never really gave that much thought until now but I guess it's true."

"It is. And you and I are personal casualties to their inferior make up and thinking."

"We have our own issues too," Sharon said trying to lighten the air.

"Yes but our hormonal issues don't cause us to rape, kidnap, watch porn or have sex at the risk of losing things and people we say we hold so dear."

"Hmmm," she said. "I guess you're right."

"Come here. I want to show you something. Ordinarily I would never let you see this but something in my heart tells me you need to."

She took Sharon by the hand and led her out of the sitting room and down the short hallway. The hallway emptied onto the kitchen which was dark. Mariko stopped short of entering but came close enough. There about 15 feet in front of them knelt a naked man. He was facing away and didn't move when they approached. All Sharon could see were the soles of his feet and his white ass staring back at her.

"Oh my!" Sharon gasped. "What's going on here? Why doesn't he turn and look?"

"Not here," she said turning around and guiding the younger woman outside. They stepped out onto the porch and Mariko motioned her to sit.

"About twelve years ago I went to a musical. With me were two of my closest friends. We all had season tickets to the Academy and once a month all three of us would get together for dinner and then enjoy a nice concert, musical, play or opera. The Academy is a wonderful asset to the downtown area. On this spring evening Brigadoon was the featured musical and it was wonderful."

"I've never seen it."

"Oh, you should. I'll tell you about it sometime, but I'm digressing." Mariko turned and faced Sharon taking one of her hands in both of hers. "After the musical concluded we walked the few blocks back to my car. On the way we were stopped by a group of guys who stopped us and demanded our purses. We told them to go. When they began harassing us we screamed but then they grabbed us. Two of the men gagged me while the others accosted my friends. They drug all of us down a nearby dark alley and I watched as six of them took turns raping my girlfriends. I have no idea why they didn't do the same to me. They left us after taking our money and credit cards. The police never did find them."

"That evening changed my life Sharon. I had witnessed and experienced too much. Soon after that rape, I had to deal with all of the guilt of not being able to help my friends. I saw how much pain they endured for months after and it was then I dedicated my life to freeing women from the hands of men."

"Is that why he is in there?" she asked quietly.

"Yes. I've just started working with this one. He is somewhat unique because I have a bit of leverage to keep him under control but my goal is for him to undergo a fundamental change in his mind. He won't be the same man a year from now. I can guarantee you that."

"Why are you doing this?"

"Because he is just like Jonathan and Adnon and those thugs in the alley."

Sharon let out an inaudible gasp as her mouth opened in surprise.

Mariko continued, "He's been with a married woman and he's done other smaller things that lead me to believe he needs to be taken and reprogrammed."

"Why are you telling me this? I have no intention of ever going back to Jonathan. Our relationship is through and I told him so much yesterday."

"Good for you. I'm glad you did and hope you never doubt your decision. You did the right thing. I also hope you tell the next woman he dates what you know about him if you ever get the chance."

"It would be my pleasure," she answered with emotion.

"But why are you telling me about him?" She inquired again, nodding back toward the kitchen.

"Because I don't want you to be lead astray the next time you become interested in a man."

"Oh, I won't. You can count on that."

Mariko raised her eyebrows. "Can I? What makes you so sure you won't be deceived again but in a different way?"

"I just won't. I won't let it."

"The only way you can be certain Sharon, is if you find a man that is incapable of betraying you."

"That's impossible. There's always the chance that they will. I just need to make a better choice."

"He won't ever again," she said referring to the guy inside.

"Why is that?"

"Because I'm going to teach him that making a choice on his own isn't an option."

"Are you going to turn him into a Stepford Husband?" She asked curiously.

"You might say that. I'm going to turn him into a better man than he is now. That's for certain."

"I don't know if I want a robot."

"I won't turn him into a robot but I will make him not ever want to disobey me. I know hundreds of men that have been changed and none of them are robots. They obey of their own free will. They simply know their place and their role in their relationship."

"All this sounds impossible and kind of creepy if you asked me," she added.

"I thought you'd say that. It's how most remark when they first consider the possibility. Tell you what, why don't you come to a meeting sometime and you can speak with others that live with men they can trust and love?"

"Are you talking about the meeting at the church? The one you mentioned at lunch?"

"I am. There will be well over a hundred ladies there. There are probably a thousand more just like them scattered throughout the Riverton area. You should give it some thought and when you are ready, give me a call. I'll pick you up and we can go together."

Sharon thought about the naked man in the kitchen. She wondered what it might have been like if Jonathan could have learned to obey in the same way that Mariko was making him. And then the question came, "Why is he in the kitchen anyway?"

"Oh, I forgot to tell you. I wanted him to hear your story and I wanted him to hear mine. It's good for men to hear about the pain they have caused women. Your story won't be the last one he hears. In time, he will come to weep when he understands how poorly men treat women. My hope is he will also come to hate his own past as well as the actions of others like them."

"Like Jonathan's actions," Sharon whispered.

"Like Jonathan's actions," Mariko repeated.

...

Marcia sat patiently on the kitchen chair wearing only panties and a sleeveless top. Five minutes later Richard came down after visiting the bathroom. He was naked of course and his cock was locked inside a steel chastity cage so small the tube that covered is cock was no more than an inch or two long. Steel bars spaced about a half-inch apart formed a checkered pattern and kept his genital quite out of reach. Below his shrunken penis hung two large testicles and behind them was a larger retaining ring that encircled both balls and cock. Richard stood in front of his wife. She raised her eyes as if to ask, "well?"

"I am ready and did what you asked," he said promptly.

"That's a good boy. Turn around."

He heard the sound of a latex glove snapping in place. That was followed by pressure on his back as she pushed him forward. He bent obediently. Marcia lubricated two fingers and pushed them inside without much compassion. Richard grunted at the intrusion. She slathered on more lubricant and pushed her fingers inside once more making sure there was an ample amount in his rectum.

"Now you," she said to the other naked man kneeling on the floor next to her," get it ready."

Bobby reached behind and took the red, six-inch silicone dong that was lying on the kitchen table and pushed it through the retaining ring of a small harness. He then secured the harness to the woman's thigh, being certain to ask permission before he touched her leg. She checked it, making sure it was good and tight and then motioned for him to kneel once more on his haunches next to her where he could get a good look at what was about to happen.

Speaking to her husband she said, "Now turn around and show him how much you enjoy this."

Without even looking down at Bobby the forty five year old man locked his gaze on his Mistress and plunged down until his ass rested fully on her thigh. It was the groan he uttered when the sudden stretch of his ass from the phallus filling his rectum that Marcia loved hearing most.

"Up" she commanded.

He stood once more. "Down," came the command."

He squatted until the silicone head once more touched him. He waited in this squatting stance for her give him permission to plunge on the dong again. He knew how she loved to make him remain just above the end of the phallus and the tone of his quadriceps muscles reflected the amount of physical exertion she had put him through in the months since his reformation began. When the quivering started she said, "You may speak."

"Mistress, may I please fuck your thigh?"

"You may. Ten times only."

He did as she commanded. When he impaled the cock for the tenth time he stood. Marcia looked over at the other man. "You might be next," she said smiling.

"If that is what pleases you." He said not taking his eyes off the phallus.

"Not a chance," she said mockingly. "You haven't earned the right to have your ass fucked."

"Yes, ma'am," he said feeling humiliated.

"Fifty times, now," she said turning her attention back to her husband.

She instructed him to fuck his ass for the next thirty minutes. When she finally told him to count to 300 his cock began dribbling a thick white liquid when he reached 100. At first there was hardly any but with each additional thrust the milking of his prostate caused him to secrete more of the thick semen.

"Lick that up," Mariko commanded. She had been standing behind her slave, leaning against the door molding of the kitchen entrance the entire time.

Bobby looked over his shoulder questioningly. Mariko expected this and struck him several times with a cane. His back arched as each stroke pierced him with excruciating pain. He cried out. All the while Richard never stopped the rhythmic up and down movements.

"I said lick."

Bobby quickly looked up at Marcia and asked, "May I lick your thigh Ma'am?"

Marcia smiled and then nodded.

As soon as Richard lifted mostly off the dildo, he quickly reached in and gathered as much semen as he could onto his tongue and swallowed. For the next two minutes Bobby lunged forward on every fifth plunge to lap up whatever fell onto her thigh. Richard stood when he reached three hundred.

"Now, get your mouth open and swallow whatever leaks out," Mariko commanded.

This time Bobby moved without hesitation and knelt in front of Richard. He opened wide and waited. Richard never looked down but kept his eyes fixed on Marcia. Fluid flowed continually for the next minute and Bobby didn't dare close in fear of some dribbling onto his chin. He didn't want to feel her wrath any more today. Slowly a tablespoon or two of the white cream oozed from one man and into another. When the last of the drops fell, Mariko commanded him to clean the cage and swallow everything. Bobby obeyed sliding his tongue in and around the steel bars to clean both the cage and the opening of Richards' cock.

"Thank you Marcia. I appreciate your help."

"The pleasure was all mine. Call any time."

"I probably will do that. I would love to stay and visit but we need to go. Sarah is waiting at her house and I don't want to be late."

Mariko and Sarah's responses were completely clinical. They thanked one another and said their goodbyes with no more emotion than if they had been talking about something at the grocery store. Given what he just saw and was made to do their laissez faire approach seemed so bizarre. Bobby listened to the ladies, if you could call them that, say goodbye after experiencing something he never in his wildest dreams he'd ever imagine doing. "I wonder what JT or Willie would think of me if they knew I just cleaned a guy's cock and swallowed his come," he thought sadly.

Marcia smiled knowingly and motioned for her husband to sit back on her thigh while Mariko led her slave out the back door. After he opened the driver side door for her he got into the trunk and pulled the hatch closed using the cord attached to the inside of the lid. Ten minutes later she opened it to let him out in front of Sarah's house and escorted her naked slave inside. They found Sarah lubing her partner's ass with K-Y jelly. Mariko pointed to the floor and Bobby sat on his haunches obediently.

The woman in the chair was twice the size of Sarah, if not more and so what the man. He watched him impale himself onto a much larger dong which seemed to amuse the fat lady. She laughed and giggled as he got into the rhythm of the self-fucking she had him do. When he too started to leak Mariko tapped him on the shoulder. He knew what she wanted. He swallowed his pride and quietly asked the woman if she would appreciate him cleaning up the come that had started to fall onto her thigh.

"That would be delightful slave. Just don't get in his way."

Once more, Bobby found a rhythm of his own and gathered up all that he excreted. Sarah made the man continue thrusting until he was fully milked and when they were through Mariko thanked her as she did Marcia and headed out to yet another stop.

By the time the morning was through, Bobby had been to four homes. The process was the same each time and although he hated what she made him do, he had no choice in the matter. What consumed his thoughts was the attitude of the four men. None of them seemed to think twice what they did or of his presence and what Mariko made him do. None ever paid him the least bit of attention and none ever pulled away when he cleaned their cages. As much as the whole idea of licking up another man's come detested him, he was thankful that the roles of the men were not reversed. Bobby couldn't imagine having to squat over an artificial cock like he saw them do. He did wonder what it must have felt like to the guys, especially when the fucking they endured made them come.

However the ejaculation was so odd. At no time did any of the guys spurt. They didn't even get hard for god sake. Instead they came over the course of several minutes and none of them looked at all that it felt really good. "Was this some kind of torture the women made them?" endure; to be locked and never feel the rush of an orgasm? Who in the hell were these people anyway?"

Above all, what puzzled him repeatedly was that the men, at no time complained. Not even once. He wondered if they lived in fear of the cane as much as he was coming to fear the sight of it in her hand. Even though Ms. K had only used it on him twice since he agreed to act in accordance with her demands, he cringed when thinking she might use it again at some future time.

As he lay curled up in the darkness of the rear compartment of her car he started to sob. It was a quiet cry and it only lasted a few minutes but it was a cry nevertheless. He couldn't believe how different his life was now when compared to just last week. Breathing deeply he regained his composure and rationalized Ms. K would soon let him go and whatever lesson she was trying to teach him would soon end. He knew it couldn't last forever.

The car turned a corner hard and jolted him against something sharp against one side. He cried out in pain and then regretted he ever did. "Hopefully she hadn't heard him," he said to himself.

He had ridden in here at least fifteen times. Never once had she invited him to sit in the vehicle with her. He always rode in the trunk; even when they left work at the end of each day. Her routine was to have him walk out to the football practice field far from the main parking lot and wait. Eventually she drove her car out to him expecting him to be standing at attention and facing the school. He always was. He knew there would be repercussions if he didn't and he didn't want to go there. Her routine was so odd. He wondered what her purpose was for him in the larger scheme of things. His mind returned to the present when he felt the vehicle stop. Ms. K opened the trunk. When he looked out she was smiling.

...

"It's a beautiful Sunday, don't you think?"

Bobby didn't know if he should answer or not and this time chose not to.

Mariko added. "Charlie will be here soon and he will be getting you fitted. In the meantime go to your spot and wait."

He exited the hatch and followed Ms. K into the house. A cool breeze made him shiver. He wasn't use to being naked and often found himself feeling uncomfortably chilly. Mariko headed upstairs while he climbed under the kitchen table, faced the wall and knelt, with his forehead on the floor and his elbows and hands forming a triangle and extending beyond his head. Ms. K had shown him this position the night that Sharon had visited. What he came to learn was how uncomfortable it was to kneel for so long, especially on the ceramic tile. By the time Sharon had left that evening and she told him to come up to the bedroom his ankles, knees and elbows throbbed. Yet he feared disobeying her. Because she made him kneel under the table and in that very spot, he couldn't move to see if she was approaching without him first seeing her. The refrigerator barred his view and yet his feet protruded far enough into the center of the room that Ms. K could easily see him from afar. Bobby wondered how long it must have taken her to find this ideal spot to put him, or was he not the first one to find himself here?

"He's in here," He heard her say. "Do you want him to bring your things in?"

"I have everything I need right here. Am I here to do the usual?"

"You are. I want this one to have a posterior cord as well."

Charlie smiled. "You are doing this one right. Where do you want me to work? I don't want to damage your floor with this anvil."

"Take it to the basement. I'll bring him down."

Charlie knew the way. He had been here many times, not all on the best of terms. Her basement, as he looked around at the familiar room, held both fond and regretful memories. He set up his items on the workbench in the corner and waited. Mariko brought Bobby down. Before she did she reminded him he was not to speak unless Charlie asked him a direct question and he was to do whatever he was asked. Bobby nodded, indicating he understood and down the steps the two went.

Charlie was a big man. Standing over six feet; he was thickly muscled and his arms were covered with tattoos. His hands were calloused and it was apparent that he lifted weights or was employed as some type of laborer. Grease or dirt was embedded deep into the crevices of his fingers and palms that daily cleansing simply couldn't remove. Charlie sized up Bobby. Mariko kicked his legs apart while he did and pulled his hands behind his back.

"Stand like this. The man needs to see you."

Charlie quickly took a few measurements of the man's genital region and set to work. Bobby watched as he cut a series of eighth-inch stainless steel rods and formed them effortlessly over a rounded mold. He knew exactly what he was making and an hour later Charlie first pushed a larger retaining ring over his balls and penis and then fitted the tiny cage over it, working it until the two pieces were joined. He secured the retaining ring and cage together with a Master Lock and handed Mariko a pair of silver keys.

"What do you think?" Charlie asked.

"Charlie, your work is always first class, but I need you to put a small ringlet on the bottom edge of the cage. Put it right here," she said pointing to where she wanted it.

"I completely forgot. It will only take me a minute."

Removing only the cage he welded a small D-shaped ring onto one of the steel bars, smoothed the weld with a file and examined it, running his fingers in all directions to make sure there were no burrs. After reattaching it to the retaining ring he let Mariko inspect it. She looked at him and smiled. She was pleased.

"Kneel," Charlie said.

Bobby did, wincing as his sore knees pressed once more against the concrete floor. Charlie took another measurement and then pulled out a length of quarter-inch steel stock and laid it on the anvil.

"What date do you want?" He asked not even looking up.

"September 6," Mariko said.

Charlie took several tools out and started pounding along one side of the steel bar. When he was through he handed it to Mariko who held it to the light and examined the final product.

"Nice Charlie. Just add #2035 next to the date."

"That many?" he exclaimed. "I'm 476."

"You are one of the old timers. How is Linda?"

"She is fine. She wanted me to convey her best to you."

"Well you be sure to give her my best as well."

While they exchanged pleasantries Charlie worked the steel bar into an open circular ring, shaped and drilled the ends, attached a small ringlet, and stretched the collar around Bobby's neck. He then had him stand and bend over awkwardly until the collar rested on the anvil. He worked the heavy steel together until the two ends met perfectly. Bobby endured the pounding of the sledge praying he wouldn't miss. When a thick rivet was finally pounded in place he had Bobby stand. He was now officially a registered slave.

Charlie drew out a thin spool of steel cable and after taking precise measurements looped one end against itself to form a loop that he secured with some type of metal anchor. He then secured one of those ends to the collar. The cable hung freely down behind him, extending a little below his ass. Mariko came behind him, put one hand into the small of his back and grabbed the collar with the other and pulled. Bobby arched back, almost losing his balance while she both held and steadied him.

"Don't move," She said sternly.

Bobby could feel Charlie fondling with his chastity cage and then when he felt the cable pulling taut between his ass cheeks he understand what he was doing. Mariko relaxed her hold on her slave and Charlie guided him over to the anvil where he secured a clasp in place to the other end.

"He looks good Charlie. Thank you."

"You are very welcome Mistress. It's been my pleasure." He looked at Bobby who was now a marked man. "Be good and do what you are told and you will live to enjoy life."

Bobby nodded, not daring to speak. The weight of the collar felt odd and the thought that it was made to be permanent gave him an eerie feeling. Slowly she was stripping his very identity away. "Who was now anyway?" he thought. Whoever he was, or whoever it is she wanted him to be, he didn't like it. He needed to get out. The question was how? He needed to come up with an answer and do so soon. His thoughts were interrupted when he heard her order him.

"Back to your spot; now!"

...

On Monday Ms. K drove down the gravel road and stopped. Opening the trunk she watched as Bobby came got out, stood tall while keeping his hands behind his back. She eyed him sternly and then returned got back in her car and drove off. He walked slowly across the grass and eventually made his way to the sidewalk that circled East Riverton High School. He ran an index finger around the collar and pulled the collar of the dress shirt that Ms. K selected for him up. There was no way he could completely hide the steel ring but he hoped it wouldn't draw unnecessary attention from others. Then there was the cage. At least it remained hidden beneath his slacks. Last night proved to be a learning experience when he had a predawn erection. The cage all but stifled any expansion whatsoever. He realized now why the cages on the other men he had seen were so small. There was no way their cock could fully enlarge. Charlie had made the tube so small that it could barely grow at all. Instead, it made for a painful erection as blood filled the small hollow and compressed everything so tightly against the steel retaining ring. 

"I can't believe my life," he said. "What the hell is going on here?"

He walked into the main office, clocked in and rather than seeking out Sharon in the conference room as he knew he should, he slowly walked to Ms. K's office. Standing outside the door he waited quietly while she answered a call. When she was through she typed for several minutes acting oblivious to his presence.

"Come in. Over here," she motioned pointing to her side of the office desk.

Pointing to the floor under her chair she said, "Get into your spot and kiss my feet." Bobby hesitated only for moment but it was a moment too long. "You will pay for that tonight."

Hurriedly he folded his six foot frame into the cramped space under her desk and placed his face at her feet. She was wearing open toed sandals. He kissed her foot until his cheek muscles ached and then kept kissing. Ms. K moved periodically from one desk to the other and he moved with her not letting more than a second or two pass without his lips meeting up with her foot.

A half hour later she shooed him away. "Off you go."

He rose and started to stand but she resisted, placing a hand on his head.

"What do you say?"

"Thank you for letting me worship your feet."

Mistress," she added.

"Thank you Mistress for letting me worship your feet."

"Much better; now go.

"Where were you?" Sharon asked checking the time on her iphone.

"I was busy in the main office."

"Busy doing what?"

"Ms. K had something she wanted me to do."

"OK, but it would have been nice if you had at least sent me a text. I've been waiting here for almost forty minutes."

"I'm sorry Ma'am," he said instinctively, his eyes avoiding hers.

Sharon's ears perked at his words and uncharacteristic reaction to her remark but she tried her best not to respond equally surprised. Instead, she said nothing.

"This week is going to be a busy one. I have several observations lined up, we have a meeting with the school board president this afternoon, I'm going to have you write up evaluations on the teachers you've interacted with in class and I need to have you write a report to the State before Wednesday. I also want us to spend some time discussing the trends we've noticed so far and we have to start talking with the students. We can't let that task slip past us. What they have to say is important and I want you to be the one taking notes whenever we meet with them.

Bobby felt as if each item she rattled off irritated him a little bit more. Here he was locked in steel down-below, stuck trying to hide a steel ring around his neck and feeling the clasp of the cable underneath his ass whenever he sat. His elbows and knees were raw and his neck was so stiff from having his head plastered on the floor for hours and hours over the weekend. He felt as if his world was closing in on all sides and now the thought of taking notes while ninth graders talked about what they did and didn't like about school seemed completely ludicrous.

"Why don't you take the notes when we meet with them?" His words had an edge to them and she noticed.

Her eyes narrowed and it was then that she noticed the horizontal ring peeking out from under his shirt.

"Because I'm the one in charge and you are the one who needs to follow orders," she snapped.

"Wo! Where did that attitude come from?"

Bobby was right, she thought. "Where did that attitude come from?" It wasn't like her to snap back like that. In fact she never reacted like this when Jonathan made similar comments. But she wasn't with Jonathan anymore, now was she; that bastard!"

"It just came. Is that a problem?"

"No Ms. Ashby it isn't and I shouldn't have snapped."

"No you shouldn't." As she spoke her eyes were drawn once more to the steel collar. She knew she would have seen it if he had been wearing it for the past two weeks. She thought back to his dress and remembered him wearing golf shirts. She would have easily seen it if he had been wearing it then. For some reason her mind went back to her meeting with Mariko and to the man kneeling on the kitchen floor. "Could it have been Bobby?" She dismissed the thought as an impossibility and focused once more on him and her question.

Pointing to the collar, she asked, "Is that thing new?"

"Bobby immediately flushed red. He could feel the blood rushing to his head at her accusation. "No. I've had this thing on for years," he lied.

"Really? I think I would have seen it. Are you sure it's not new?"

"Of course I know. What? Do you think I can't be trusted to tell you about something I've worn ever since college?"

"OK," she said not believing a word, "tell me the story behind it."

He composed himself and looked around. Seeing nothing to distract her from the inevitable conversation he said, "When I went to Michigan State I was a member of Phi Sigma Alpha. Our particular frat house had a tradition that every member would have a collar made to forever mark the camaraderie we shared as frat brothers. So, during my senior year I got this," he said fingering the steel that felt so foreign to him.

"Let me look at it," she said standing and walking around the conference table. "I've never heard of any tradition like that."

"I wouldn't know. All I know is that is the tradition me and my fraternity brothers share."

"Is that so?? She felt the heft of the collar and noticed the rivet that blended almost seamlessly. Who ever made this was knew what they were doing. It was then that her eye caught the imprinted markings. She smiled. Her suspicions now confirmed.

"So, what do we need to do first?" Bobby asked hoping to focus on work rather than what they were discussing now.

"Bobby, do you know what that makes me think of?" she said walking back to her chair?"

"I have no idea."

"I think it looks more like a slave collar than a frat token."

"What?"

"No, I'm serious. I think it makes you look like some type of escaped slave. Is that what Ms K is," she paused for effect, "your slave master?"

She couldn't suppress a giggle but Bobby would have nothing of it. "Why do you have to be such a bitch?" he blurted. "I think I understand now why you and Jonathan parted ways. I wouldn't want to deal with you all the time either if this is how you acted."

"What! What!!" she screamed. Slamming her file folders on the table she stood towering over him. "You have no idea what happened between Jonathan and I. You make me sick! I should can your ass right now!"

"Then go ahead. Can my ass if that will make you feel better. But that doesn't change my thinking about you. You two probably broke up because you were one nagging bitch!"

"Shut up Bobby Lewis," she yelled. "Just shut the hell up."

"Make me Miss Happy Days. Go ahead," he yelled back just as loud.

Just then the door opened and Mariko Komatzu stormed in slammed it shut. Standing behind Bobby she asked in as calm a voice as she could muster, "Ms. Ashby is something troubling you?"

Sharon sat silently fuming over his barbs. "Yes," she finally said. "Mr. Lewis made a comment about my Ex and then about me that I didn't appreciate."

"Well I came in here," she said quietly, "because both of your voices were carrying quite some distance. I think it would be best if you two agreed to discontinue whatever it is that is bothering you and continue your discussion at my house tonight." She stopped letting Sharon and Bobby consider her words. When she was certain they had, she continued. "Mr. Lewis," she said bending forward and peering down while keeping both hands on his shoulders, "do you think you might be able to stay in town long enough for the three of us to talk this problem through?"

Bobby, answered, "I think Ms. Ashby and I can take care of it alone."

Mariko squeezed her fingers deep into both trap muscles with such power that it made him wince in pain. "That wasn't what I asked you Mr. Lewis. Let me speak a little more slowly so you don't misinterpret my words. I said, do you think you can stay in town tonight until the three of us can talk through whatever disagreement you two seem to be having?"

He buried his face in his hands, effectively surrendering his will to the two of them. He looked up, glancing first to Sharon and then over his shoulder to Ms. K. Speaking so quietly that he could barely be heard he said, "I think I can do that."

"Excellent." Mariko said. She fondled his collar pulling it tight against his throat. "And Ms. Ashby," she continued, "Are you free this evening? If not we can always meet tomorrow."

"I don't have anything going on tonight. I'll be there. What time?" her voice still sounding sharp and to the point.

The three of them set a time, conversing as if they were peers but Bobby knew this was all a ploy that Ms. K was thoroughly enjoying.

"See you all at seven." She closed the door leaving Sharon and Bobby staring at one another each thinking very different thoughts.


A Tennessee Education Pt. 03
byKatiekatsman©

Sharon and Bobby learn the ropes as mistress and slave

In the third of seven parts of the story of Bobby Lewis and Sharon Ashby we find two co-workers in the throes of adjustment as submissive and dominant. Bobby learns what it means to serve "Sharon style" and Sharon begins to understand what it means to live with a male slave in the house. The story is of course fantasy and is one in which female dominance/femdom is advocated. If female dominance/male submission or man subjugated to slavery is not your cup of tea you will not want to read further. If it is, I hope you enjoy the read. Before you read here, please read the previous parts as each section builds on the one previous.

*****

A Tennessee Education

Part 3: A New Beginning

Bobby undressed in the blackness of the trunk while Mariko made the relatively short drive home. Hearing the rustling in the rear of the car made her smile. She knew the process was going to be a long and difficult one with many hiccups and bumps in the road to reformation. It always was. No man ever transitioned smoothly. It was another one of those irksome characteristics that she despised about men. But he was learning the basics; the very, very basics. In reality, she really hadn't even begun to start undoing all of the crap that made him just another typical male. She also knew he had no clue what real obedience meant let alone what was in store for him when his training began in force.

"Maybe tonight I'll ratchet things up ever so slightly," she said to herself. The noise in the trunk had subsided and she figured he had finished undressing. Taking the longer way home she turned off the music she was listening to and drove in silence, considering her options. By the time she pulled to a stop in her driveway she had finalized nothing and decided to let things play out as things presented.

She opened the trunk and stalked off toward the front door with him scurrying behind and hoping to not be spotted by neighbors or passersby. She waited for him to open the door and no sooner had he closed it behind, he did the unthinkable.

"May I please speak to you, Ms. K?"

She spun around so fast he never saw the hand as hit landed against his jaw. This time her fingers were curled into a ball and the blow stunned him. He instinctively reached to his mouth to check for blood but she yelled, "Present!"

Bobby froze in his tracks and stood stock still.

Not satisfied with his posture she got within an inch of his face and yelled once more for him to present. This time he did, pulling his hands behind the small of his back and spreading his feet wide apart. She grabbed his balls which had no room to move being already sandwiched between two hunks of steel and squeezed - hard.

"Please," he begged.

Mariko squeezed harder but Bobby quickly stepped back pulling her hand free of his testicles. She stormed off and returned some seconds later. When she approached Bobby backed away.

"Turn around," she ordered.

He did cautiously, thankful his body was between his balls and her hands.

"Present!"

He did so and when he pulled his hands behind she snapped handcuffs on each wrist.

"On your knees!"

He obeyed.

"Present!"She snapped again.

He rose up on his knees, extending his caged cock forward and thrusting his shoulders back. This time she knelt behind and pulled the thin cable down. It pulled on his throat compressing his trachea. He gagged and when she pulled harder his only option was to arch his torso and head back even further. That motion gave her enough room to reach between his legs and secure the clasp of the cable that hung from the back of the collar into the small ringlet that Charlie had welded to the tip of his cage. The clasp effectively kept him in this backwardly arched position and the emotional effect on her slave was instant. He could do nothing. She grabbed him around the waist and helped him to his feet which he managed without the cord causing any damage to his genitals.

She forcefully pulled him over to the front door and yelled, "You stand here until she comes and when she arrives, let her in. Don't you move a muscle before she knocks!" She said looking straight into his eyes. However it was all he could do to make eye contact since the collar forced his neck and head so far back. "She will be here in an hour. I was going to have you fix me my dinner but after this behavior you can forget about that. You can forget about eating at all tomorrow too. Instead, you can stand here and wait and when she arrives you are to let her in without speaking a word."

That hour was one of the longest hours in Bobby's 39 years of living. Standing as he was he could do nothing. If he tried to look down or bring his head forward the collar pressed into his windpipe making him gag. Not only that but the forward motion of his head pulled the cock-cage backward and pinched his balls between the cage ring and the retaining ring. It felt like a vice was squeezing them to the point of bursting whenever he bent the least bit forward and made him feel nauseous. Being forced to look up disoriented him too. It was not a position he was use to and not being able to see the ground caused him to have trouble maintaining his balance, so much so he felt as if he'd fall at any moment. He assumed Ms. K had put something on the floor. He was sure he had heard her return and do so and he was deathly afraid of taking a step, not knowing what she had put there. In reality, there was nothing but Bobby thought there was and it forced him to remain stock still. He had come to realize she was an evil and sadistic woman.

Sharon Ashby left work, arrived home and made a simple dinner that took little time to eat. She changed out of her work attire and into a white button down cotton blouse, blue jeans and boots. After brushing her teeth she decided on the spur of the moment to freshen up and uncharacteristically applied a small amount lip gloss, eye shadow and blush. The highlights were minimal but the effects significant. She looked very pretty and although now in her mid-thirties, the small touch-up made her appear quite youthful. Slipping into size 8 jeans and sporting an ample C-cup bust her well proportioned frame stared back at her in the mirror quite pleasingly. She appreciated how she looked and smiled thinking she would be a head-turner tonight. She felt like a revived woman.

Something internally had changed after the whole Jonathan ordeal last week. She looked at men differently. She viewed them more cautiously and anytime she thought about Jonathan or, for that matter, any man, she did so through a filter in which Mariko's influence had altered her own.

She had reevaluated her relationship with him, pondering where she might have gone wrong, where he obviously went wrong, and thought back on several situations that she completely dismissed that were clear indicators that he had been messing around. Having had a good sit-down with Mariko and seeing that man in the kitchen that night left her with thoughts to which she could not turn a blind eye. She had to admit that everything Mariko had said was true. Men could sometimes be monsters if left to their own vices. That was the thrust of their conversation. Well that was part of it. The other part wasn't really discussed, although it was implied. Mariko didn't dismiss the need for men and in fact realized they held value and could be very much enjoyed if they were of the 'proper' temperament - whatever that meant. Sharon understood it was those nasty masculine traits and behaviors that caused Ms. K to pursue the transition or reformation or reframing process - whatever she had termed it - and serve as the catalyst to make men into, what she termed, 'better men'.

What Sharon didn't understand was what Mariko meant by the word better. She wondered what it is this woman envisioned for men at large. What she did know was there were several hundred, if not more, men in the immediate area that had gone through this process. But what was the process? What was involved? How long did it take? Did she work with each man or did others follow her advice independent of her presence? These thoughts and others like it occupied her thoughts as she stared at the beautiful face and body staring back at her. She realized she needed to get going as their meeting time was nearing.

She left her place and a short time later, pulled into the driveway of Ms. Mariko Komatzu. The sun was just beginning to set and the sky was array with reds, fuchsias, yellows and oranges. She took time to appreciate the beauty of something she often took for granted. It reminded her of home in Oklahoma so long ago.

Bobby's body was screaming from having stood for so long in such a contorted position. He had stopped looking out the front door long ago. It did him no good and only made even more muscles work which only magnified the pain he was already feeling. When he heard Sharon's car pull up he almost breathed a sigh of relief knowing his time standing there would soon end. He now gave no thought to the fact that Ms. K had put him here naked and caged just to be gawked at by his colleague. As much as he hated feeling so physically and emotionally vulnerable at his nakedness and bindings it was the physical pain that he wanted to be free of even more.

When Sharon knocked she did a double take after peering through the large front door window. Standing just inside was a man, no; it was Bobby! He stood facing her but didn't move. She knocked again and slowly he scooted toward the door. She tried the handle but found it locked. She stared watching him slowly make his way toward her. It was obvious even peering into a darkened house that he was in pain. Almost immediately after taking in that it was him, she then noticed the steel mesh contraption that squished his cock into a stocky confined space and captured his large balls so nicely. She couldn't help but smile at his predicament and wondered if being locked like that hurt.

Finally making it to the door, he turned and blindly fumbled with the handle as best he could in his cuffs. After unlocking it he pulled but it wouldn't move. Fiddling with the lock on the knob again he rechecked it, making sure it was unlocked. It was, but the door refused to budge. It was then he remembered there was a deadbolt a good foot above the knob. He reached but lacked the flexibility to get to it. Pulling his arms until his shoulders screamed he was only able to bring his thumbs to the base of the locking mechanism. His balls screamed back as he squished them to the point of unbearable pain.

Ms. Ashby knocked once more and yelled, telling him to unlock the dam door. She now saw the sources of his bondage; the collar, the chastity cage, the cable joining the two and the cuffed hands. She watched him maneuver himself and make one final attempt, this time bending forward even as the collar crushed his trachea and the cable pulled the cage down smashing his balls so forcefully that he thought he would vomit. But he reached the knob on the deadbolt and turned it. Bobby gasped, tears filled his eyes, but the door was now unlocked. Ms. Ashby banged again; obviously irritated she had to stand outside for almost five minutes waiting for him to let her in. Bobby found the handle and slowly opened the door. Shuffling out of the way so she could get in he moved back down the hall. Several times the bottom edge of the door smashed against his toes and feet as she forced her way in.

When Sharon entered, Bobby apologized profusely for having taken so long. And after blabbing on about that, he began apologizing about this afternoon.

"I am so sorry Ms. Ashby. I am so sorry."

Not wanting to listen to his sobs she said, "Bobby, you look ridiculous! Why are you all tied up?"

Ignoring her question he said again, "Ms. Ashby, I want you to know how sorry I am for what I said today."

"Oh, now you're sorry," she said unsympathetically. "Well I guess you are. Just look at you!"

"No really, even if I wasn't like this I would have told you the same thing. I shouldn't have said what I did about you and Jonathan."

"Jonathan is dead as far as I'm concerned."

"What? What happened?" He asked genuinely surprised.

"Nothing I haven't told you already. Let's leave it that he and I are no more."

"I'm sorry. I am sorry for everything." During their brief conversation Bobby never once made eye contact with Sharon. He couldn't. His balls were throbbing from the crushing they had endured moments earlier. He spoke in a quiet and sincere voice while keeping his pelvis thrust forward and his shoulders and head painfully retracted to ease at least some of that pain.

"Do you accept my apology Ms. Ashby?"

"Bobby, just shut up! Just shut up! You sound pathetic. Got it?" she said, now tired of hearing his whining.

He continued blabbing on. "Yes Ma'am, I just wanted you to know how terribly sorry I am for being such an ass. I only wanted to hear you say that you forgive me."

What Sharon did next surprised even her. She grabbed him by the hair and pulled him forward until his eyes met hers. Bobby screamed so loud that the neighbors must have heard him but she kept pulling him forward.

"M-m-my ba-balls!" He screamed.

"I don't give a shit about your balls!" Sharon said and then struck him across the face still holding him. She gave his head a final jerk forward. He cried out again but his cries were muted as the compressed airway stifled any sound. She released him, not letting go, but rather pushing his head back angrily. Bobby fell, screamed again and landed on his side still arched and still crying like a little boy.

Mariko saw it all. She had watched the entire scene from the top of the stairs. What she observed both pleased and stunned her. Silently she made her way down the steps approaching the other woman from behind.

"That was both impressive and insightful," she said quietly.

Sharon turned and the two embraced while Bobby continued to whimper on the floor beneath their feet. "It's good to see you. I don't know what came over me."

"Whatever it was, I liked it."

Sharon giggled quietly and whispered in her ear, "I kind of liked it too."

Mariko stepped back and held Sharon by both shoulders and looked pleasingly at her. "You look great. Thank you for coming."

"Can you fill me in now about what's going on here with him?"

"Sure, would you like some refreshments?"

"I just had dinner. I'm fine."

"I'm going to have a glass of wine. Sure I can't persuade you?"

Sharon smiled. "A glass of wine sounds wonderful."

Bobby listened from the floor. His presence was an afterthought, if even that. It was as if what was going on between them, up there, was completely separate from his predicament down below. They neither acknowledged his presence nor addressed him. It was the oddest feeling to be so close to the two that had hurt him most and yet feel so distant.

At first the change of position after falling felt overwhelmingly welcome but was short lived. Maybe it was the shock of the blow to his face or the yank of his head forward. Maybe it was her push and his subsequent tumble. He couldn't believe he was able to turn his body so as to land on his side rather than hit the floor with the back of his head. The instant he fell he was so thankful to not be standing but then the pain ramped up in intensity. His shoulder started throbbing from absorbing the full weight of his fall and then the nerves in his balls sprung into hyper drive. They were palpably pulsating. The pain was so intense it became all encompassing.

He lay in his own misery. No one was there to share it. No one was there to empathize with him. These women surely didn't care. My god, they were the reason he felt so wretched. For the first time in his life he realized what suffering must feel like. This was it; a combination of physical pain, loneliness and an inability to escape the torment. "What have I gotten myself into," he thought looking around for them.

But they were not to be found. Ms. K had retreated to the kitchen and he had no idea where Ms. Ashby had gone off to. In reality she had moved only a few feet and stood behind him and just out of sight staring at him as if mesmerized by the entire scene. What struck her was the sudden euphoria she felt after she had hit him. That blow was really a blow to Jonathan. It was also a blow to men in general. Never in her life had she hit anyone. Why did this slap come so easily? Why did it seem so appropriate? Why did she feel as if she could repeat the scene again and even find pleasure by hitting him harder, pushing him more forcefully and watching him writhe in pain? She shook her head as if to clear her mind. Something wasn't right in her mentally. But then again, something felt clearer and more right than ever before.

She watched him lie on his side, arching yet barely able to move. She listened to his grunts of pain and short gasps that must have been a result of the damage both she and Ms. K had caused. She marveled at how effective a simple length of cable could be in making a larger, stronger man to be completely at the mercy of someone not nearly as big or as powerful. Power was indeed something that was not restricted to the masculine gender," she thought. "I can be even more powerful than big strong Bobby Lewis." That thought made her smile.

As she looked at her helpless partner she realized she felt very different about him than she did just a few minutes ago. It was as if seeing him naked and marked like the slave Ms. K was obviously treating him as changed how she felt. Although she couldn't put her finger on it or even understand why she was thinking this way, she felt as if she was better than he, that he belonged on the ground, that he indeed should have apologized for his actions and words earlier, and that she had every right to do what she did when he continued to bellyache after being told to stop.

"Wow," she said inaudibly, "I really do view him as if he were just like Jonathan."

Mariko returned with two glasses in hand. "Let's go out back and talk. He isn't going anywhere."

Both women looked down at him lying on his side with his hips still thrust forward and his body arched painfully so. Ms. K tapped his balls with the pointed toe of her shoe getting his attention. Bobby grimaced.

"Don't move. Don't even think about it."

After several minutes of casual conversation on the porch and when the last vestiges of the day were all but gone and night dominated the heavens, Sharon turned her mind to the real reason she was here. "So, are you going to tell me why I am here? I realized this afternoon that the reason you wanted the two of us to meet with you had nothing to do with our argument."

"Perceptive young thing, aren't you?"

Sharon smiled.

"By the way, you look very nice," Mariko observed. "A little bit of makeup and some form fitting clothing reveals a completely different side of you. We should go shopping and update your wardrobe. That would be fun. Don't you think?"

"So are you going to tell me why I'm here Ms. K?"

"Mariko, Ms. K, Mariko. You need to make up your mind. What's it going to be?"

"Mariko."

"Good choice. Now, to answer your question, of course I'm going to tell you. What do you want to know?" she said coyly.

"Everything" She answered in an equally coy voice.

Speaking rhetorically she observed, "Ms. Ashby, where to start?"

Sharon smiled broadly and said in a sing-song voice, "Ms. Ashby, Sharon, Ms. Ashby; are we not able to converse with one another on equal footing?" Her eyebrows raised in sarcastic curiosity.

Mariko smiled. "I like your wit. I knew you were a woman who had another side to that business 'comes first' personality you convey while at work." She paused and then added. "Let's make it 'Sharon', but not in front of him," she said jabbing a thumb over her shoulder to where Bobby lie in pain near the front door.

"OK, so both you and I are damaged goods, courtesy of the men we once loved."

"Damaged? Maybe, but I'm also wiser as a result."

"Agreed, although you've had more time to process all that happened to you than I have. I'm still living through the shitty emotions of my break up."

"Do you regret your decision?"

"I regret being so blind and I regret that he made such bad choices. A part of me, a big part of me, loved him."

"Does it still?"

"Only a small part now but that's the part that's causing the hurt. It's letting go of the good in him that I know still exists."

"You can't have just that one part, Sharon. If you want him, you will have to take the whole package."

She nodded thoughtfully. "I know that. I'm never going back."

"Then let's put Jonathan to bed and forget him. Remember the pain he caused you. Remember what he did and how he deceived you again and again and again for well over a year. Now steel your heart and forget him. Remember what you told Lewis just a few minutes ago."

"He's dead," she said again.

"Yes," she said after some time in silence, "he is."

Mariko pulled the whicker chair closer to her guest. "Ask me anything you want. It's time to talk."

"Why is he in there? Why he all is tied up in that god awful contorted position? That looks like it hurts."

"I hope it does. I meant it to."

"So why is did you do that to him?"

"Because he spoke when I told him not to. He disobeyed me and I thought it best he learn that when I give an order he better obey it."

"Can you start from the beginning and clue me in. I'm lost. A little background would be helpful."

"Sure." She took another sip of her wine. "Bobby is someone that I'd refer to as a child. Oh, he's an adult outwardly but inside he still acts like a child."

"Explain."

"Children are selfish. Their world revolves around them and that is how I believe he thinks to a large extent. He is able to camouflage it because he's almost 40 but when you strip away all the tangential crap, he really is a selfish man. Most men are like him so he's not the exception to the rule by any stretch."

"And that fact landed him here lying naked on the floor?" She asked incredulously.

"In some ways, yes, it did. In one week he managed to ignore me more than once, gawk at several women in front of me as if they were nothing more than pieces of eye-candy, clock out of work early, show up for work late, hit another employees car and then drive off without reporting it and get into an argument with you that got so out of control I could hear him halfway down the hall." She paused thinking, "Oh, and he went out with a married woman just last week and had naked pictures of her on his phone and, based on text messages, slept with her." She looked at Sharon letting her take in all she had just said. "I almost forgot, he's a father too."

"What?" she exclaimed.

"Yes, he fathered a child in high school; then left the mother to raise the girl by herself. I checked into it when I did 'my' background check on him. His 'little' girl," she said making quotation marks with her fingers, "is now grown and lives in the area. I don't think she's seen him in years."

Sharon looked dumbfounded. "A father," she muttered to herself.

"Anyway, I call all of that childlike behavior and it needed to stop."

"So this is your solution?" she asked motioning to where he was in the house.

Just then they heard him cry out in pain. He was begging for them to come.

Mariko took this all in stride. Placing a hand on Sharon's knee she commented, "I wondered how long it would take for him to get to this point. This one is in good shape. It took longer than I thought it would."

"What did?" She said as the pleas increased in volume.

"Muscle spasms. Come. I want you to watch how compliant he becomes. There's not a chance in a million he won't jump whenever you or I tell him something now. Sooner or later," she said standing, "he was going to have to experience the cable. It's a wonderful training tool." Mariko smiled.

Entering the house they found him crying in pain. Mariko was first to notice the pronounced muscle definition in his back.

"Can we help you?" she said in a mocked tone, kneeling down.

"Please. Please!" he said with an anguished expression.

"Do you and I have an understanding now?"

"Yes M-Ms. K."

Mariko looked over at Sharon. Pointing to his crotch she said, "Unlock the cable."

Sharon unlocked the small clasp. As soon as she did Bobby lurched forward in an attempt to stem the continued back spasms. The women looked on with mused expressions. It took a minute or two for him to gain some semblance of composure and no sooner had he then Ms. K was on him.

In a commanding voice she said firmly, "Stand."

Bobby jumped to his feet.

"Present."

He complied but did so with trepidation. Presenting meant assuming the very position he had been held captive.

"I call this position Present," she said to Sharon. "Notice, the feet are spread, his hips and cock are pushed forward, his shoulders and back are retracted and his hands are clasped behind the small of his back."

Sharon walked in a circle around him, observing his posture.

"Note that he does not look at me but keeps his head bowed. Slaves are not worthy of looking at me, and this one is no exception."

Sharon drew next to Mariko and whispered, "You are amazing." Speaking louder she asked, "You seem to be implying you have taught him other positions as well.

"Slave, let's demonstrate for Ms. Ashby that you aren't an idiot. Kneel and Present!"

Bobby dropped and presented perfectly assuming the same position he was just in but now in a bent knee position.

"Worship," she snapped

Again, he assumed a perfect worship position.

"I get the Present positions. Is this how you want him when you command him to worship?"

Mariko smiled and nodded approvingly. "Yes, Knees are spread, forehead touching floor, elbows, forearms and backs of hands on floor with palms facing upward. From here you can even have him present."

"How would he present if he stays like this?"

"He would arch his back and thrust his pelvis forward. It exposes his ass and balls for use by his Mistress to enjoy or abuse as she wishes. I haven't had to put him that position yet."

"Are there others?"

"There can be as many positions as his owner wants. It's really up to her to teach her slave to do whatever best suits her purposes. For me, I only need him to present. It gets him to stand still and listen and that is all I need him to do right now.

Sharon stood looking down on Bobby. She knew he was listening and there was something about him having to assume different positions that she liked. "I see what you are saying. My guess is that the present and worship positions are pretty standard ones."

"Indeed they are."

"I can't believe I am even discussing this with you. I mean, look at him? I've never wanted to be in the same room with a naked man and in the last twenty minutes I've already hit him and feel perfectly comfortable with you telling him to move as if he is someone that you own."

"It is interesting isn't it? He could get up and probably run out of here if he wanted but he won't. Isn't that revealing?" Mariko asked. There was brightness to her eyes and an 'I told you so' expression to her face.

"Indeed it is," replied Sharon ever so thoughtful of the question that was posed.

"Is that because of the leverage you have on him?"

"Somewhat. I gave him a choice. He chose to stay."

"What's leverage do you have anyway?"

"The accident I told you about. He'd lose his job if the wrong people found out but the truth is I think he wants to be here," she said with a wink. "He will be staying for some time. I sold his car the other day so he's pretty much stuck here now."

Bobby's eyes widened when he heard the news. "How could she do that? She never even asked!" He thought.

"I got two thousand for it at a chop shop. That way I didn't even have to worry about having to do a title transfer. That car is now in a hundred pieces scattered all over the state. Maybe all over the south," She continued, "There is another woman in town that is in need of financial help and I thought I'd do what I could to assist. I'm sure Mr. Lewis understands. He's living here for free after all."

Sharon was as dumbfounded by what she had done with the car as Bobby probably was but she was finally in the mood to answer questions and she didn't want to lose the moment. "Can you tell me about what it is he has on his penis?"

Mariko clapped her hands. "Mr. Lewis, stand and present."

The two ladies now having moved to the back porch once more sat side by side on the sofa while Bobby stood facing them. It was evident that his balls had undergone a bit of trauma. They were quite red and his sac was full of fluid - probably a sign that they were swollen. Ignoring his injuries Mariko proceeded to explain the basics of a chastity device, how the retaining ring and cage worked together in tandem with his balls to keep from ever coming off.

"The quarter inch space between the bottom of the two rings make it physically impossible for him to remove it shy of using bolt cutters. He'd end up destroying his balls before that thing ever came off," Mariko noted. "Some Mistresses even pierce the end of their slave's penis and anchor the end to the cage. That way he can't ever pull his penis out. I love the idea but I like having an unmarred cock just in case I ever want to enjoy it. Having a piercing on the end doesn't float my boat." She laughed.

She then pointed out the lock that joined the two rings and noted her belief that no matter how big a cock grew when erect; all could be smashed into a small space. Once confined, erections could pretty much be eliminated although nothing could keep them from trying to form as they often did, especially in the pre-dawn hours of sleep.

"Every man in this geographic area that's been trained remains pretty much locked in a cage of this size. There are men who grow to ten inches that live in a cage identical to this one."

"Wow!" Sharon exclaimed. "How big is he?"

"Don't know and really don't care. I see no reason to ever unlock him."

Sharon looked at her puzzled. A man's cock had always fascinated her and although she had remained chaste for all those years since that one mistake when she was a teen, the memory of that boys' penis still captivated her imagination.

"You do have a key don't you?"

She nodded but said nothing.

"So why is it you wanted me here tonight?" Sharon asked once more.

Mariko's eyes brightened. "I wanted to know if you wanted him."

"Me! Why would I want him?"

"To train him of course."

"I, I don't know what to say, Ms. K."

"Yes was the word I was anticipating."

"I don't know." She leaned back against the sofa staring at the naked man whose cock remained thrust forward. His gaze remained forward and never once did he lower it to look at them. He didn't want to ever have that cable attached to torture him again.

Sharon stared back. He was a physically attractive specimen. He was well proportioned and it was obvious to her that he took care of himself. And she did like the look of the added steel that was bound to him. "That was a plus," she mused.

"Come, let's take a walk."

Sharon and Mariko stood and walked outside into the cool night air, leaving Bobby to stand until commanded to do otherwise.

When out of earshot Sharon said, "your offer is very appealing. Something inside is telling me to tell you I want him but I don't know what to do Mariko. I've never had a man before let alone one that I need to train. I'm not even a parent. I've never even raised a child let alone deal with the likes of him."

Mariko slipped her arm around Sharon's and the two walked in silence for some time. When they had traveled some distance from the house along the walk that spanned the front yards of each home in the small neighborhood she spoke.

"I like you. I liked you from the moment we met. It's your old-fashioned values that I love. You remind me of my parents. I don't meet people like you and even though you come across as a Bible toting woman that has been bossed around by a man who took advantage of you, I see things that make me believe you can train a man. In fact, I think this is the perfect time for you undertake such a project."

"Why?" she said questioningly.

"Because of what just happened to you." Mariko paused as they continued to walk. "You know how we all experience those 'teachable moments' in life?"

"I do."

"And wouldn't you agree that you just had one when you saw him with the hooker?"

"It was a painful to see Mariko. I don't know that I'd call it a teachable one."

"That experience along with the talks that we've had since has changed you. I don't know if you can see it but I can. You aren't the same woman I met two weeks ago. I mean, look what you did when you came here?"

"I know," Sharon said giggling. "I don't know what came over me!"

"Exactly, and look at your dress. You are beautiful, and even wearing a bit of makeup."

Sharon smiled.

"You look good with a little color but mostly because you look more in control and confident."

"I agree that the color looks good but I don't know about feeling confident and in control. I feel completely demoralized over what he did. I mean I don't trust men. That's one big thing I've noticed. I don't trust men!"

"OK, well that's a start. What is it about Bobby that worries you?"

"Lots of things." She stopped at the end of the street and faced Mariko. "I don't know the first thing about getting control of him. What's to say he won't over power me as soon I take him away, steal my car and leave me on the side of some back-alley street?."

"Because he won't and because I will teach you how to mold him properly. I'm a phone call away and this is what I do; I help women regain control of their lives." Mariko grabbed Sharon's arm once more and started walking. "Look, he is petrified of me putting the cable back on him. He's also been pretty good at obeying me and I've made him do some pretty questionable things that tested his obedience."

"Like what?"

"Things," she said thinking back to his eating come from four different men. "Nothing important; just things I've done to test his sincerity."

"So what do I do?"

"For starters you need to change your perspective on your relationship with him. You are coming from a position of fear and weakness and it is he who is in that position now, not you. You are the one in control, not him. You are the one dressed, not him. You are the one who isn't collared or locked in chastity. He is so out of his element from society's perspective he isn't in any position to challenge you."

Sharon thought about the truth of her words." She was right again - as she always seemed to be. How far could a naked man go, even if he did take her car? How would he get clothing when he had none we wear?" She saw the validity to her remarks when she stopped to consider them.

"So I throw him into the back seat and take him home and then what?"

"No, you throw him into your trunk and take him home. He hasn't earned the right to be in your car yet."

"That's how you transport him; in the trunk?"

"Every day. Even when I bring him to work he rides in there. I drop him off at the football field and he walks to work from there. Every evening I pick him up there and he waits for me in a present position. As soon as he's inside he knows to undress and put his clothes in a bag that he carries into the house when we get home. Keeping him naked is a powerful deterrent. Over time he will come to feel comfortable around you and you can use this as a way of reminding him you and he are not on equal footing. The same thing goes with the cage and the collar. They are little reminders of the disparity that exists between slave and owner."

"So if I take him home what do I do with him?"

"When we get back to my place I'll give you something. It's another one of those little things that work wonderfully. And if you start thinking about your own situation and what you want from him, knowing you now have an obedient slave at your beckon, you'll start looking at life differently. You can train him to be whatever you want. I've seen men trained in all sorts of ways from sex slaves to traditional work slaves to maids to you name it. If there is a need a woman has, there's been a slave trained to meet that need."

"I feel like I've been transported into some kind of time warp that isn't real."

Mariko laughed. "So you are willing to try?"

Sharon squeezed her arm. "Yes! I can't believe I'm going to say this but I want to try."

Just after the women left for their walk, Bobby smiled for the first time in several days. "Ms. K wants to give me to Ms. Ashby?" He said to himself. He relished in that hope; relished in the hope that she would indeed follow through with her perfunctory offer and not retract it at the last moment. The smile had little to do with Ms. Ashby and everything to do with Ms. K. It took only this last hour or so for him to fear her more than anyone else he had ever met. Terrified may not have been the correct word for his feelings but it was something close to it. Yet it wasn't like he hated her. There was something sadistically attractive in how she lived; how she carried herself and in the way she took care of him. "Took care of me?" He questioned that thought and yet she had taken care of him. She drove him to and from work; made sure he was fed and gave him space on her floor to sleep. She even made sure he had clothes to wear albeit only while he was at East Riverton High. She had taught him lessons about respect and honor he would never forget and although he'd never reveal to anyone how or when he learned those lessons she had ingrained things he'd remember forever.

And now he had hope. Hope at last! He knew the time had to come at some point. He just knew it! Who would have thought the hope he so desperately craved would come in the form of Ms. Ashby, a woman in her thirties who acted like she was in her sixties sometimes? "Patience was the order for the day," he thought. "Just be patient. Take it slow and soon you will be out of this mess and back on equal footing with everyone."

He remained bolt erect in the present position Ms. K had commanded him but his mind was somewhere else. At least for several minutes it remained detached from his physical body. The aches and throbs he still felt were temporarily pushed to a level of his subconscious and all he dwelt on was the hope of Mariko's final words before they left. When he came back to the present he thought how amazing the brain was in its ability to cope. He wondered if there was so much more he could have learned in dealing with difficulties and physical pain if he had remained here with Ms. K.

"Mmm," he huffed to himself and blew that thought off. He had no desire to see if he could outlast her in a battle of wills. Rather he was thankful he had made it this far without being permanently changed or damaged. Other than the loss of his Baby, his Lexus, he really was OK. His mind drifted back to Jasmine. He pictured the photo she had sent him. "Now there was a beautiful woman; ditzy and insecure as one could be but beautiful. How in the world did she end up living in a double-wide with a guy that left her home alone so often and wanted to divorce? Maybe he could see her again soon."

He wondered if she had already chalked him up to being permanently AWOL and had found another lover. He hoped not. She might be worth convincing to eventually tell the country boy she was married to that she wanted out too and get that divorce. Bobby snickered silently. "Who was he kidding? He was just as much a country boy as that guy."

The sound of footsteps refocused his mind on the now. Ms. K and Ms. Ashby appeared a moment later. Bobby made sure his head was bowed. He could feel Ms. K's presence directly in front of him and see her slender hips and legs standing directly before him. Although he didn't look at her face, nor did he want to, he could feel her eyes penetrating into his very soul. She uttered a grunt of distaste and then he was alone once more. He could hear them in another part of the house but just barely.

Twenty minutes later Ms. Ashby walked up to her newly acquired property and with unsteady hands attached a short length of cable to her slave's collar. He instinctively pulled back ever so slightly when the thin steel cord came into his view. Sharon was ready as Mariko had warned her he might react this way. She grabbed a hold of his balls and squeezed them hard until he shrieked.

"No one told you to move. Now stand still!" She hissed.

Bobby obeyed while she checked the clasp, making sure it was fastened properly.

"Slave, bend over and touch your toes."

After he did, Ms. Ashby fastened the other end of the 18" cable to the D-ring on his cage. Pulling him by the collar she marched him through the house and out the front door. Secured has he was, he was forced to walk like an elderly man, stooped and severely hunched. Mariko gave Sharon a thumbs-up and the two women spoke for a moment and hugged before parting. Dragging him down the steps she led him to her Ford Focus and guided him into the cramped trunk, closing the lid when he was inside.

Sharon backed out of the driveway and set off. As she drove out of the residential area she kept repeating Mariko's final words, "It's all about attitude. You are in control; he isn't" Again and again she repeated her words while her heart continued to race and her hands moistened from the internal stress she tried to control. She stopped at a store on the way home, made a purchase and lugged the large package back to her car and into the back seat.

Sharon lived in Maple Grove, one of the first suburbs of Riverton. It was some distance from Mariko and she had to travel through the city in order to get there. She had recently moved from a small two-bedroom apartment in central Riverton to an old bungalow that needed some repair. Built in the 1940's it was laid out in the usual way with a kitchen, dining and living area on the first floor and three bedrooms upstairs. There was a screened-in porch on the back and another on the front. The only other room in the house was a basement but it was dank and filled with cobwebs so Sharon rarely used it. Anything she stored she kept either in one of the spare bedrooms or in the small unattached garage adjacent to the house. The family she purchased the house from must have had a dog because a six foot high moulded wood fence completely enclosed the back yard.

She considered her options as her destination approached and made a decision. Parking the car in the garage, she pulled her purchase out, assembled it and secured it to a post in the back yard. She returned and fetched her slave. Once he was out of the trunk albeit hunched over, she forced him to his knees.

"Crawl and follow me," she said firmly.

Bobby internally sighed with frustration. She was no different than Ms. K. His knees hit the hard garage concrete where he followed her out the rear door and into the back yard moving as best as he could, given the restrictions of cable that kept him hunched over like an armadillo. Traversing the yard he took in what he could see in the darkness. The yard appeared small. There were patches of dirt and grass giving him the impression it was not well cared for. Making it to the far side, he came to a post, and behind it sat a dog cage.

"In you go," she said.

He stopped and looked up with pleading eyes.

"I said in." Sharon grabbed the steel collar and pulled him forward. He resisted only momentarily. Once he had his hands inside, she shoved his ass, forcing him in. Inside was a small blanket that he sat on to cushion himself from the hard steel grates that formed his new living quarters. He heard a padlock click shut and moved to look at Ms. Ashby. She squatted, peering in at him through the bars.

"Welcome to your new home," she said.

He could hear the cynicism in her voice.

"My guess is you couldn't wait to get away from Ms. K so you could stay with little ole' me aren't you? Well Mr. Lewis, this is your home. I'll let you get familiar with it tonight." She stood and walked toward the house stopping just before she opened the door. Calling back she said, "You know that the same rules apply here as they did at your other home. That means you do not talk unless I tell you specifically to speak. Trust me; you do not want to test my patience. Goodnight."

She unlocked the back door and went inside. Leaning against the doorjamb her body started trembling. No longer able to control the stress of the past hour she stood shaking. Tears filled her eyes. If she were honest she knew she was more afraid of what she had agreed to undertake than he was afraid of her. All he needed to do was obey. That was easy. She, on the other hand, had to figure out how to train a man to eventually want to obey. "How was she ever going to accomplish that even if Ms. K was there to help?"

Taking several deep breaths she relaxed a little. She wished she had wine in the house to calm her nerves and made a mental note to pick some up at the store tomorrow. She could use a glass now. She wanted to sleep but it wasn't at all late and she had so much adrenaline pumping through her system there was no way she'd be able to doze.

"I need to go read my book," she said finally.

Some minutes later she had slipped out of her clothes and into a night shirt and climbed into bed. She grabbed her book and started to read but couldn't get her mind off of Bobby. Finding a pen in the nightstand she grabbed a piece of paper. On it she wrote, "Things I want him to do; Training ideas." She wrote both phrases across the top of the page and drew a vertical line down making two columns.

"I need to think. What do I want?"

She began to write: Obey me. Keep the house clean. Iron my clothes. Do the wash. Respect me. Worship me? (That brought out a giggle). View me as his owner/View himself as my personal slave? (An even louder giggle).

She put the pen down and found the bookmark where she had stopped reading last night. She had been reading a sort of romance novel. Like the others she had read previously by this author the plot seemed to take on the same predictable path. A girl living a boring life, eventually meets the man of her dreams and they fall in love and live happily ever after but have to go through a series of struggles before they are finally free to do so. Thoughts of Jonathan came to mind but she pushed them aside. The irony of the story and the events surrounding her breakup made her ooze with mock contempt for men. But the book was a page-turner and she was too interested in this tale to not read it in full.

"Why did I agree to bring him home," she said aloud. "Just so he could be my whipping boy while I took all my Jonathan-anger out of him?"

A tear filled her eye. She brushed it aside and forgot about life and began to read. An hour later she reread one passage. The she read it again; and then again. The male character, Matthew had been kidnapped by the third wheel in this love triangle. The third wheel had sedated Matthew and carried him off to some vacant warehouse where the he was held prisoner. There was a section in which the third wheel kept thinking how he was going to break Matthew's will; to make him confess and tell all so he could win the heart of the woman who had rejected him for some unknown reason. The salient point the author penned that caught her eye was this, "It's easy to break some. Harder to break others, but in the end everyone has a breaking point. The trick to breaking the will is to give them hope and then remove it, then return it and remove it once more. By doing so the spirit is both raised and lowered so many times that eventually it won't even recognize if it is up or down. When it lacks a measure of its own feelings those feelings become yours to manipulate as you wish."

Sharon read that passage many times letting the words seep deep inside. They were so appropriate. It was as if she had not picked this book up for the past few nights for this very reason; to have saved these words for this very moment. She thought to Ms. K's comment regarding 'teachable moments'. She couldn't have read this passage at a better time. She turned her idea sheet over and copied the passage verbatim. She thought aloud, "Give and take; raise and lower; confuse until he doesn't even know what is normal. Is this how Mariko does it? Will this work?"

Closing her book she laid back thinking. "OK, where he is now should lower his spirit. How long do I need to keep him there?" She continued to contemplate, trying to place her mind where his was. He was pretty cramped and although he had a blanket it was a small one. Comfort would become an issue. Staying warm would become another issue. The blanket was too small to meet both needs. And then there was that cable. She sat up suddenly. "How is he going to pee or poop? What about food and water?"

She lay back hugging the book on her chest. A smile crossed her face and she grabbed her phone and sent a text off to Mariko. A minute later she received her answer. It was what she had hoped. "Good," she thought. "It helps having people with connections."

...

At 6 PM the following afternoon Sharon exited the garage door and strolled over to Bobby. She was dressed nicely and he noticed she was wearing makeup. He, on the other hand felt filthy. It had been an extraordinarily hot and humid September day and his body had baked in the sun for hours. He felt thirsty, hungry and filthy.

His cubical was a mess and the smell of urine was obvious. She noted the few nuggets of dog food she had tossed in there before she left for work was gone. She hadn't left him much; just enough to give him a bit of nourishment but still keep him hungry and wanting more.

"You thirsty?"

He shook his head.

Sharon came back with the garden hose and turned it on fully. The jet stream of water pummeled his face. She shot it directly into his open mouth. Bobby gulped whatever he could for the minute or so she pelted him with it. The fact that the stream hurt upon impact was a secondary nuisance. He needed to hydrate and all too soon the flow stopped. Besides getting a needed drink, the hose cleaned some of the filth off him. Too bad his blanket was soaked but it would dry in time.

While she walked over to recoil the hose she whispered, "Give him hope and then remove it; raise his spirit and then lower it again." She knew her presence alone gave him hope and the brief drink even more. It was time to take it away and she did so by leaving him without so much as a goodbye. Her interaction was brief and to the point and no more. She wanted him to come to see they were no longer colleagues and equals. Not any more they weren't.

The night was a beautiful one and Sharon came and sat on the back screened-in porch just as the sun set and darkness claimed the day. Sitting in a lounge chair with a glass of red wine on the table next to her she read under the soft glow of a clip-on lamp. She knew Bobby heard her and she wanted him to know she was out here. She spent the next hour enjoying her book as well as a second glass of refreshment before calling it a night.

Bobby lay cramped in his cage. The drink had been both a blessing and a curse. The water quenched his thirst but it also soaked his blanket and turned the dirt beneath into mud. Now as the cloudless night dominated the sky, the heat from the day rapidly dissipated leaving him cold and unable to warm. He sort of sat, sort of laid, in as tight a ball as he could manage to keep whatever heat from escaping into the coolness of the night.

His legs and back ached from the cramped quarters and the dam cable that kept him curled. Yet, even without the cable there was so little room in the cage that it probably wouldn't have made much difference. The cable pulled his balls up rather than pulling the cage down on them as Ms. K's cable arrangement had done but the effects were identical. Both caused his traumatized testicles to be pinched between the retaining ring and cage tube and both sent equally poignant shots of pain throughout his groin.

Bobby slept little that night. By morning he was freezing and starving. He had been dozing in a restless slumber when he heard the door open. Sharon appeared dressed and ready for work.

"Put this on," she said handing him a metal dog leash through the grate.

Bobby did so quickly and Sharon opened the cage door. He scampered out but she kept him on his knees. Retrieving the hose she washed him with the freezing water, eventually making him stand to get most of the muck off his body.

"In you go," she said pointing to the house. "Your clothes are on the back porch. Get dressed. I don't want us to be late for work."

He found a towel, dried off and dressed. The problem was the cable. He was able to fully dress but the cable got in the way. If he secured his pants and belt, the cable made him bend even more. He didn't know what to do at first but remembered her order, "get dressed" and so he did. When he came out she smiled.

"How about I let you stand up? Would you like that? Feel free to speak."

"Yes Mistress," he said immediately.

The salutation both surprised and pleased her. When he stood, he almost cried with relief. He couldn't believe how good it felt to be able to do something as simple as stand. Yet his body ached and he felt so tired and was so hungry.

Sharon let him enjoy the moment while she went to the front door, checking to make sure it was locked. Returning she grabbed the leash and headed down the back steps. Bobby followed. When he got to the garage the trunk lid was already open.

"In you go. Breakfast is in there. Hurry!" She snapped.

He hopped in quickly, so quickly that he wasn't able to locate the food. The door slammed and once more he was in blackness and confined to yet another cramped space. During the drive he located the paper bag. In it were ten nuggets of dog food. He gobbled them up like candy. He was thankful but there were so few that it left him wanting more. His throat remained parched from lack of water.

At school Sharon informed him to report in to Ms. K immediately and then to return to the conference room where she would discuss what he was to do next.

With much trepidation Bobby walked quickly toward the office complex while Ms. Ashby watched, her arms folded across her chest. When she saw him disappear in the office door she returned to her area in the conference room smiling. She had not communicated with Mariko that he'd be coming but thought his presence would be a welcome start to what would probably be an ordinary day.

Bobby never did know what to do with Ms. K. He simply could not figure her out. Pausing just around the corner from her office door he stopped, wondering if he should knock, enter, stand in the doorway in present position or enter like any other person wanting to see her. He immediately eliminated the last possibility and chose the first. He knocked. She looked at whoever it was that wanted her and when she saw it was him smiled.

"Come," she said motioning for him to come around the desk. "Get under there and lick my toes."

Bobby hurriedly crept under the tight confines of the desk. Ms. K slipped off her shoes and he took one into his hands and dutifully began with her smallest toe, taking it into his mouth.

"Sent you a surprise," read the text.

Mariko returned another, "worshipping my toes today."

Sharon: "Finally let him out of the dog cage. Was the first time since taking him."

Mariko: "Excellent! You are doing fine."

Sharon: "Wish he would screw up. I have an idea."

Mariko: "I can arrange that"

Sharon: "You're the best Mariko!"

For the next hour Bobby's tongue moved over, under and around every part of her ten digits. His oral pedicure of sorts, felt quite pleasing and in fact this was one task Mariko often used on newbie's. She loved a man with a strong tongue that could please her 'other parts' for hours. Having one work on a foot that required it to move in all directions and change shape to accommodate the varied shape of her toes and feet served as one of the best workouts in achieving that goal. Soon he tired and it was at that point when she pounced.

"Up you go!" She said startling him.

Bobby jumped to his feet and presented even though she hadn't ordered him to do so. Ms. K grabbed him by the ear and marched him past several open offices and out into the hallway. Pulling him along, they made their way to the conference room.

"In."

She closed the door behind them. Sharon looked at them, honestly surprised at the sight of them standing there. She was about to speak but Mariko spoke first.

"All I required him to do was to lick my toes. He did fine at first but then disobeyed me."

"How?"

"He started slacking. Taking breaks. I gave him strict orders to lick me continuously."

"Slave," Sharon asked, "Is Ms. K correct?"

Bobby said nothing. Instead he looked down, not knowing if he was permitted to speak or not.

"Slave, I asked you a question. You may speak."

"Yes Mistress. She is correct."

"You disappoint me. I told you that you should never disappoint me, didn't I?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Disappointments always have consequences. You need to understand that. Now come. Stand in front of me. Loosen your belt and pants."

Bobby did as he was told. Sharon pulled the short cable from her purse and attached it to his cage. Feeding the other end up under his shirt, she pulled his body forward and attached the other end to his collar.

"Now adjust your pants, apologize to Ms. K and sit. We have things to do.

After he had apologized several times and kissed Ms. K's feet as commanded she left and Bobby's day of work began. Sharon approached the situation just as she would have any other day. She reviewed material with him from yesterday, considered his feedback and reflected on some of his more observant thoughts. They had only visited about a fourth of the classrooms and so for the next few weeks they would continue to do so. Sharon sent Bobby to Mr. Sherwood, one of the geometry teachers, and told him he would be writing a lengthy report summarizing and critiquing the educational process in the math and science departments that she wanted by the end of the week.

Sharon waited for the bell to ring and students to fill the halls before sending him on his way. She watched him go, stooped over like one with severe scoliosis. He carried his briefcase in one hand and should have held a cane in the other.

"Let his spirit be lifted and then crush it," she said quietly while watching him move down the hall. Students turned to stare at Mr. Lewis wondering why he walked so slowly and awkward. Sharon wondered how he would handle the inevitable questions but didn't overly concern herself with what he'd say. That was his problem, not hers.

She smiled and reminisced, "Let out the line and then reel him in. The day couldn't have started out more perfectly." She closed the conference room door and headed off in the opposite direction.

...

For the next three weeks Sharon established somewhat of a routine, although it was randomly altered. She kept the principle of raising and lowering his spirit in the forefront of all she did. She deliberately spent time making Bobby's life although miserable although she also interspersed that misery with times of brief reprieve where he could almost experience life as a normal human - almost. Most every night she forced him to sleep in his cage. On two of those occasions she set her alarm for 2 AM, got up and doused him with water. Just before going to bed on another night she dumped a bucked containing a mixture of tomato and orange juice over him. She quickly learned that it was the simple things, if done in the right context that worked so well. It was treating him as if he really was worthless and devoid of value that had the greatest benefit in achieving the goal she now so badly wanted. She could see him yielding his will to hers. Often she used the cables, both the longer one that forced him into an extreme present position and the shorter cord that bent him forward. When she used the shorter one again at school a group of senior high girls stopped and questioned him. Sharon wasn't there to observe but Bobby told her later how humiliating he felt when one of them noticed the vertical line of the taut cord under his shirt. Having to explain truthfully that Ms. Ashby made him wear this because he had not opened the door for her drew both laughter and criticism. News spread throughout the school like wildfire. 

Sharon viewed Facebook pictures of him on several of the kid's pages that evening, all of which made her smile. She learned serendipitously that other teachers understood his predicament when over lunch one day Mariko revealed that about a third of the male teachers and at least half of the females were either owned slaves or Mistresses to a slave. There was even one married couple that worked at East Riverton High whose relationship was that of a Mistress/slave marriage.

One afternoon Sharon stopped by a nearby hardware store to pick up hinges for the screen door. The old hinge had long passed functioning properly and needed replacing. While there she scanned the shelves containing nuts, bolts, hinges and washers. Her eye caught on several small bins of eye-bolts. She picked up several and purchased them along with the hinge hardware. That evening she screwed one into the floor on the far side of her bed and another into the rafter hidden above the ceiling drywall.

Sharon's normal routine was to bring Bobby into the kitchen immediately after arriving home where he'd cook her meal and then kneel in present position and watch her enjoy it. Afterward he had clean up duties that sometimes extended to other rooms of her home. After he was through with his chores she'd lock him back in his cage until morning. It was then that he ate his dinner; a measured amount of dry dog food tossed through the grates for him to eat at his leisure. Tonight she decided to mix things up. Of course she was not about to have him sit with her. Instead, while she enjoyed the meal he had cooked, he enjoyed his on the floor beneath eating from a plastic bowl. His meal never changed but tonight she tossed him a scrap of chicken skin which he eagerly gobbled. It was a first for her, to throw him something actually edible. He loved it and she found herself enjoying him so enthusiastically wolfing it down.

It was about dusk when Mistress Sharon approached the cage and offered him the choice of sleeping outside or in her bedroom. Bobby's eyes brightened at the offer and without hesitation asked to come inside. He had never been in her bedroom and couldn't wait to finally get a good night's sleep. He was physically and emotionally exhausted and no matter how many nights he had spent in the cage he had never found a position that he could comfortably lie. His choices were limited to sleeping on either side or on his back with his legs curled. The steel grates were unforgiving and dug into his ribs, spine and shoulders regardless of how he lay and every night he moved constantly after one or more of the steel bands woke him, forcing him to resituate.

When Bobby walked into her bedroom he took in the large room. The room was decorated with an obvious feminine hand. The walls were a pastel green and the spread on the queen size bed a mixture of pinks, yellows and hints of green that picked up the color on the nearby walls. Two plush throw-rugs, one at the foot of the bed and the other on one side covered old pine planks that were stained dark. Two dressers, a bookshelf and an overstuffed chair completed the space. An overhead light hung from the center of the room but tonight the room was lit by a single lamp on the nightstand next to the bed. Another floor lamp by the overstuffed chair remained off.

Mistress showed her slave to his spot on the floor. It was opposite the throw rug on the other side of the bed. When he lay down she surprised him by securing a small lockable carabineer to an eye-bolt in the floor he had not noticed. She knelt on his back and commanded him to turn his head to one side. He turned to the right and when he did she pressed his left ear uncomfortably against the wood until she was able to join the collar to the eye-bolt using the carabineer. Once his head was satisfactory immobile she cuffed his hands together and left. Although he didn't have to fear freezing as he had while outside, she didn't actually make his night one in which his sleep would be sound either. Yet it was a step up from the cage and he was quite thankful for this small gift. When she gave him permission to speak he thanked her more than once, his words filled with sincerity.

Sharon was pleased. He really was becoming grateful for the smallest of treats; even if they were still hardships she'd never want to experience herself. That night she slept not quite as well. She awoke three of four times when he changed positions although he could not escape the prone position to which she had placed him. The hard clunk of the chastity cage on the wood floor brought a grin of joy every time he lifted his hips, apparently trying to adjust the pressure of the steel pressing into his groin.

Bobby could not look up nor even turn his head. In fact, he could only keep his head turned in the position it was - looking to the right. Sharon found herself drawn to watch him both before she turned out the lights while reading and then in the middle of the night when only the moonlight permitted her some ability to see. She enjoyed seeing him sleeping there. She felt less alone and very much in control. To think he wanted to come inside pleased her. "Could it be that he was beginning to view her as his rightful owner?" The possibility contained in that thought was one she savored. She was getting use to him and he was getting use to her and both were slowly coming to an understanding of the new life to which they were adapting. "When they lack a measure of their own feelings, then their feelings become yours to manipulate as you wish." Those words which she had read some time back, splashed through her mind once more as she lay on her stomach looking at the man below who was now hers. Thoughts of Jonathan hadn't crossed her mind in weeks. He really was gone, and now, although she didn't realize it, he was being replaced with thoughts of Bobby Lewis although in a very different way.

Using the cage, the cable, the eyebolt, buckets of water and a daily morning shower of ice cold water from the hose along with strict oversight while he scrubbed floors, cabinets, walls and rugs, sometimes with only a toothbrush and spending hours in present or worship positions both at home and work served its purpose of breaking his spirit. Sharon didn't believe for a second that he was fully broken. Surely it would take several months for that to happen but he had come to accept the trunk as his 'seat' whenever they used the car. He also understood her expectation to be naked except for when they went to work or to other public venues. He had come to accept the fact that his cock would probably be forever caged since Sharon had made no indication that she ever intended otherwise. The cage had become a part of him as did the collar. Sharon had also started calling him '35,' short for 2035, the number stamped on his collar.

The compilation of all of the above had altered 35's mind. At night when he had time to just 'be' in his cage he took time to think. At first he thought about getting away, about his apartment at home and how nice it would be to stretch out in his bed and watch a ballgame or go the bar with his buddies. But as time passed he thought less about his past, less about life in Randolf and more about the present. He thought about Ms. Ashby. At first he despised her just as much as he did Ms. K. She was his sole source of pain. She did things he hated. The cage, the morning showers and the middle of the night soakings could only be described as vengeful and reprehensible. Yet even with all of the pain she caused, he came to appreciate her.

As unlikely a thought as that might be, he nevertheless couldn't discount its credibility. She did have a heart. She could be kind. Letting him stand without a cable became one of the joys he looked forward to most. Spending time in the kitchen cooking and cleaning was another highlight of his day. To make her a meal; to clean the counters, to smell the odor of meat cooking, to kneel in present position and watch her eat were all gifts she had given him for no apparent reason. He looked forward to her spending time on the back porch relaxing or reading while he was locked. To him he felt as if she was giving him the gift of her presence by simply being nearby. And now she sometimes let him sleep in her very bedroom!

What he thought about her could only be described as irrational from an outsider's perspective, but he wasn't an outsider. He was here and he was hers. While he lay in the cage at night he found he missed her. He missed seeing her; he missed feeling her presence; he missed spending time with her, even if it was only to work or do chores. He smiled thinking he even missed hearing her barking orders. He missed her forcing him to the ground. He missed feeling her strength when she pressed a knee between his shoulder blades while he lay prone; he missed her pushing his head into the dirt or carpet in anger. The evolution of his thinking was confusing but it had indeed changed. He thought less of Jasmine, despite her perfect body, and more about Mistress. He realized she was quite pretty and her dominance made her all the more attractive.

He appreciated her beauty more in the recent weeks since her wardrobe changed. She wore skinny jeans instead of loose fitting ones. Her dresses accented her shape, her tops even revealing a bit of cleavage and that cleavage looked ever so inviting. She wasn't the DD of Jasmine but she was at least a healthy C. He saw firsthand just how shapely and beautiful she was. Her body was long and lean and strong and she took good care of it.

Bobby's thoughts were interrupted well after dark. She had walked into the back yard without him hearing her bare feet approach on the recently damp grass.

"I want you to spend the night with me in the bedroom. Get out of your cage and crawl up there. You have two minutes to get there or I'm going to beat you 100 times with my hairbrush."

That was a new one. He hadn't been threatened with beatings before. That sounded more like Ms. K's words than hers, not that he wanted to press his luck. "Yes Mistress. I don't want to disappoint you."

"No you don't. Up you go slave."

He hurried through the yard and first floor and up into her bedroom while she paced behind. Sharon didn't time him. She really wasn't in the mood to discipline. Instead she had other plans. When he crawled through the bedroom door she told him to stand and pointed to his spot on the floor. His heart sank. All he could think about was spending another night fighting the feelings of claustrophobia while his head remained press to the old wooden planks.

He lay where he knew she wanted and waited for her to press one knee between his shoulder blades and a hand on the side of his head while securing that dam carabineer to his collar. Maybe she would let him face the other way. It would be worth a try. To his surprise she told him to stand.

He stood waiting and watching her curiously. She returned with a chair and cable. This one had green fasteners and it was one he had not seen before. She secured one end to his collar and the other to an eye-bolt overhead. The length permitted him to stand without having to rise up off his heels. This didn't feel too bad; no cold, no cramped quarters, no face plastered to the ground. He liked this. And then he remembered her words, "I want you to spend the night with me. Would she make him stand here all night?" He worried. "He might fall asleep and strangle himself. He might pull the ceiling down on his head."

He didn't like the thought of what might come if she followed through with this new form of torture. His heart sank in despair for the umpteenth time and he resigned himself to another night of sleepless torment.

After Sharon inspected her work and slapped him playfully on the face telling him to smile she left for the bathroom. Returning several minutes later in bikini panties and a sleeveless nightshirt that barely reached to her navel she climbed into bed and pulled out the most recent book she was reading. She read knowing his eyes were scanning her body. It was exactly what she wanted. After a half hour she flipped over and put the book on the bed and read another chapter letting him take in her profile from this perspective. Sharon had always been fit and knew she had a nice booty, even though she had not thought much of her figure all the while she had dated Jonathan. He never seemed to say much about her physical attributes but since meeting Mariko she had spent more than enough time standing in front of a full-length mirror admiring her god given assets. She realized she indeed had lots to offer. She was put together well.

Bobby of course was sexually excited and hard as a rock and had been so for most all of the time he had been standing. He was drooling over his Mistress and experienced sexual urges he had not felt in months, maybe years; even Jasmine hadn't made him feel this horny. He wanted her. He wanted to touch and caress her. He wanted to fuck her. That's what he really wanted; then he remembered the cage. He couldn't do anything. "Was it because she didn't want him? She had never even touched him. "Why then this?" He asked himself. "Why torment me when you have no desire for me?"

Bobby wanted to ask but knew he shouldn't. And then he did, it wasn't planned or premeditated, it just happened, "You are beautiful Mistress."

Sharon folded the corner of the page and looked over. He could see she wasn't pleased. In his mind he self-confirmed that she would never want him. Without a word she reached into the nightstand and pulled out a hairbrush.

"Turn around and face the wall." Her voice was hard and without feeling.

Bobby did. Then he felt the first few blows. She hit him as hard as she could swing that brush.

"Ouch!" He cried.

"Shut up!" Whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, came the next five.

She paused after every five to refocus and re-aim. During her pauses she watched his back muscles relax. As soon as the next series of blows commenced he immediately tensed. By the time she reached 50 she could see perspiration forming on his body. By the time she hit 80 or so she heard him wimper. When she was somewhere in the 150 range his cries became unabated and when she got into the 200's her strength gave way and she collapsed on the bed panting. She lay breathing heavily and listened to him cry uncontrollably. It was a pathetically sad sob and one that reminded her of how she had felt after breaking up with Jonathan. She wondered if Mariko had cried like this on those nights after Adnon had beaten her for the hundredth time. Her Bobby wept. He wept without feeling anger. He wept without harboring revenge. He wept, and in the weeps he uttered she sensed his will departing.

His ass was cherry red and on fire. He couldn't imagine taking another series of blows. He couldn't bear to think about having to sleep in the cage and his ass touching that cold steel. His ass hurt so much and the physical pain only grew. Yet it wasn't the physical pain on which he focused. All he thought was how regretful he was for having disobeyed. He didn't want to do wrong. He wanted to please and he had failed and had been justly punished. Yes, the paddling hurt. It hurt tremendously but the emotional hurt, hurt even more. "Oh Bobby Lewis, when will you learn?" He said quietly.

"That - that, I hope reminds you that I am serious about you obeying, "she said amidst panting breaths.

Bobby nodded. Although he was facing the other way, she saw his response. Her point had been made. "Give him some slack and then reel him back firmly," she thought. "Thank you for the compliment," she said after some moments of silence.

Bobby although still whimpering, smiled. She did appreciate hearing his thoughts. "Was it worth the beating?" He wasn't certain. But then he was.

Sharon turned him around, hopped into bed and shut off the light. "Good night slave. Sleep well and don't turn around." She was sure he could hear the smile in her words. The room was warm, so warm she didn't need a sheet and although the lights were off, the distant glow of a hallway lamp made its way into the room. Sharon had deliberately set a small lamp on a table in the hall. The glow it cast wasn't much but it was enough; enough to keep him watching; enough to keep him awake long after she fell asleep. An hour later, she slipped her top off giving him a brief look at her breasts. Sharon rolled over, pulled up the sheet and fell into a deep slumber. Bobby remained wide awake, waiting for the sheet to fall away and for her to turn toward him. His cock ached to be free.

"I want her," he whispered. "I want you, Mistress Ashby."

...

C'mon now, suck them good. Suck them two and a time and get that tongue in there to massage them," Mariko chirped.

Bobby renewed his effort to please. Spending time under her office desk had become one of his expected norms each weekday. After arriving at school and being dropped off at the football field, Mistress Sharon inevitably told him to report to Mistress K. She typically had him perform foot worship of one or both feet, sometimes only kissing them but more often than not she had him perform toe licking and oral massaging of each digit and then the foot itself.

What started as something he didn't enjoy slowly became a task he looked forward to each day. What he also noticed was her attitude change. Although still quite scary, her treatment of him wasn't so demeaning. She actually became pleasant at times - like now, giving him constructive criticism or encouragement. He found this to be most enjoyable and he conjured up new vigor in an attempt to keep his performance at her high levels of standard.

When he was first told to worship her feet she limited his stay to no more than an hour at most. During the weeks that followed she extended that time to well over an hour and at least once a week kept him for two. On those days, usually Friday's she told him to worship one leg. He was permitted to kiss and touch as he wished but the knee was his limit. He loved Friday's and today was Friday! He focused on her feet but inside he was waiting for her to give him permission to move higher.

Mariko smiled for she too enjoyed the time he spent pleasing her. She loved to have her feet kissed, licked and massaged and Bobby had surprisingly turned out to be quite adept at foot worship. She checked the time. He'd been at it for 90 minutes. Thirty more and she'd make him stop and not give him what she knew he really wanted. She'd save that for later although he didn't have any clue there would be a later with her.

When she had enough she told him to go and thanked him. He left obviously disappointed and returned to his Mistress openly disheartened.

"What's wrong?" Sharon asked.

"She wouldn't let me worship her leg."

"Aww," she said playfully, "and that made you sad?"

"It did."

"You can't have everything all the time slave. If you did, you wouldn't be a slave."

"Yes Mistress."

"We have some work to do in here and then I'm going to have you visit Donnelley's classroom again."

"Yes Mistress."

"I'm going to cable you because I think you need a reminder of who owns you. Wouldn't you agree?"

"I know you own me."

"Do you?" She raised her eyebrows.

"Yes Mistress. I know I belong to you."

"That's a good slave. At least you are saying the right things. Maybe it's all those nights sleeping outside that help but I'm still going to cable you."

"Maybe."

"I've been easy on you lately. I've had you in more than out this week."

"Thank you Mistress. I love being with you."

"We really aren't together but I understand what you mean." She watched him closely. Her eyes probed his seeking to read what he must be thinking. She was pretty sure he wanted to sleep with her but that wasn't going to happen. She didn't want to give up the power she maintained and she feared letting him into the same bed would level the playing field far too much. Besides, there was something about becoming that intimate that just didn't feel right.

She continued, "I know what you want but it's not going to happen." After a pause she added, "ever."

"Yes Mistress; whatever you want."

"I want you to worship my lower leg."

Bobby's heart surged. "Your leg?" He asked making sure he had heard her correctly.

"Yes slave; my leg. Get down now and worship while I read over this report."

The movement from chair to ground was quick and efficient. He moved under the table, his heart bursting with joy. He had never worshipped her feet. Not ever. And now she gave him access to her leg. Not all of it but half. He had longed to touch her body. On those nights when she strung him up to the ceiling he watched her for hours. He knew every crease and tendon intimately. He knew exactly how firm her calves were, what her toes felt like in his mouth, what massaging technique she preferred both orally and with his hands. He knew it all because he had imagined doing it all again and again while she rested peacefully only a foot or two away.

"Take your time," she said softly, "this is a long report. I'm going to be here awhile." Sharon smiled. She could feel the eagerness of her slave as he tried to take her all in at once. "Good" she thought. And once more the words of the author came to mind, "lower his spirit and then raise it up; soon he won't be able to separate my thoughts from his own and I will own him permanently." This was a time to raise them and this time she knew they would be raised quite a bit.

Sharon was enjoying his touches so much she slipped off her shoe. 2035 understood the nonverbal cue and moved distally to worship perfect size seven foot. Her toenails were painted bright red and her feet were a slender and strong. He wondered why this was the first time she had let him worship this part of her body; a part most people would detest touching, let alone kissing - and doing so for such a long time.

He thought he heard a soft moaning sound coming from above. In fact he was quite sure he had. It was a familiar sound; one that Ms. K voiced frequently, ever since he learned the finer points of using his mouth and tongue.

"She likes this," was all he could think. That was enough. It was enough because he anticipated she would make use of him like this soon; and maybe often. "Wouldn't that be nice; much nicer than being crammed in the cage for ten hours at a time."

The time came when even Sharon called him back to his seat. She told him what he was to concentrate on when visiting Donnelley's class and gave him strict orders not to talk to him. Although he didn't know why and didn't think he had the right to ask, which he didn't, he heeded her words carefully. Sharon looked at her phone. It was nearly noon. She grabbed a small plastic cooler and a brown sandwich bag. Inside the cooler were a sandwich, yogurt, and piece of fruit and her favorite flavor of iced tea. In the bag was some of Purina's finest for older dogs. Pouring the bad into a small bowl they kept in the conference room she pointed to the floor where he ate while she enjoyed hers sitting where she was.

"This is good," she said. "You make a mean chicken salad sandwich."

Bobby looked up grinning.

"Thank you," she said touching his head.

She finished first and had him stand. After attaching the Old-Man cable, as she now called it she told him to finish his meal.

They parted ways soon after and didn't reunite until nearly 4 PM. It was then that Mistress Ashby told him he'd be spending the weekend with Ms. K.

"I have some things to do." She could see the disappointment on his face at the news. "I'll be back. You just make sure you do whatever Mistress Mariko tells you. Do you understand?"

He nodded his acceptance of her order.

She could never get over the continued effectiveness of this little cable. Reducing his six foot one inch stature to a little over five feet changed his entire view of her and his world. It not only made him shorter but took away any vestige of power he held. He couldn't run. He could barely look up. He stood out as one that was odd and misshapen. His demeanor shrunk from that of a commanding professional and educator to one who questioned everything about himself. And now as she told him he'd be under Mistress K's authority she could see by his reaction the resignation to obey. It wasn't like he acted eager to do so but more that he had to. She gave him no specifics as to how long he'd be with her and she felt no obligation to tell him more than he needed to know. He was her slave, after all and he had no power to change the outcome regardless.

Resisting the urge to give him permission to speak she stated one final command. "Meet Mistress Mariko in the usual spot at 5:10. You know how she expects to find you." Sharon carefully undid the clasp around his collar, letting the other end remain in place and walked out of the room.

2035 brushed back a tear as he saw her leave the building. Checking the time he had a half hour to kill.

"I need to get out of here and walk," he thought. And so he did. He walked the perimeter of the school, enjoying the fresh air and time to himself. When he made it completely around to the front doors of the school he turned in the opposite direction and headed in the direction of the football field. That's when he heard her. Turning to look first one way and then the other he didn't see who it was.

Then the call came again, "Bobby. Bobby Lee."

Then he spotted her. She was driving an older model F-150 pickup. The red truck was old and beat up and the passenger side mirror missing. Inside he recognized the driver. It was Jasmine!

"What are you doing here? How did you find me?" He said horrified to see it was her.

Jasmine leaped out of the truck and bounded over, her tits bobbing heavily with each stride. "Oh Bobby, I've missed you. Where have you been?" After she embraced him she kissed him and cupped his head between both of her soft hands while looking intently into his eyes.

Bobby looked down and then away. "I've been really busy with work," he lied."

"Too busy to even get home over the weekend?" her voice oozed with need.

"Yes Jasmine. I told you this was going to be a monstrous project and it is. It's consuming all of my time."

"Well not this weekend it's not."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I'm taking you home with me."

"Jasmine, I can't go. I have work to do." He stepped away looking at her more fully. Dam she was gorgeous and she was dressed to seduce. She was always dressed so fucking slutty.

"Get in the dam car Bobby. I'm taking you home."

"I can't?" He said feeling wave upon wave of conflicting emotions.

"Get in here. We're going home."

He started to say something but she grabbed his hand and pressed it against one breast. He stared first at her, at her beautiful face while she gazed longingly with those puppy-dog eyes that could melt any man's will in seconds. He scanned her body. He couldn't get over just how perfectly she was put together. Today she was dressed in an old pair of jeans and white mesh shirt. Only this shirt had a mesh weave that was clearly see-through. Under it she wore nothing. Her voluptuous breasts were all but completely visible.

"Jasmine, you don't understand," he pleaded.

"I've missed you. I've missed you so much I had to find you. I don't intend to leave her alone so come on. Let's go."

"I - I have plans for the evening," he said once more even more hesitantly than before.

"Then ditch the plans. Who the fuck do you think you are? I drove all over this dam town trying to find this school and you. I don't care what you're doing tonight. You are coming with me."

"Bobby resisted for only a moment longer before giving in to her in persistence and the fact that she was now physically pulling him to the truck.

In the end, he relented. He wasn't sure why but he did. The two of them pulled out of the East Riverton High School parking lot at 5:05 with Jasmine talking nonstop about life at home, her girlfriends, her job, her fucked up husband who just left town on another job yesterday and how much she was looking forward to stripping off her clothes and letting him enjoy her body once more.

Bobby cringed at the thought of all the steel he wore that she knew nothing of; steel he would have to explain away somehow. He knew she would freak out when she saw the cage.

He interrupted her only long enough to ask if they could stop for a bite to eat. She pulled off the next exit ramp and found a locally owned steakhouse. They spent the next hour or so there with Bobby helping himself to the salad bar at least three times.

"Aren't you getting enough to eat?" She finally asked as he was about to leave for his third helping.

In fact Bobby was starving, not for calories but for vegetables. He couldn't remember the last time he had tasted so many good greens. He had been living on dried food and periodic scraps that Mistress had thrown his way every now and then. Her offerings consisted mostly of fats: chicken skin, fats she cut off her steak and the like. This was welcome food and he savored every bite. When they were through Bobby swallowed hard and told her he had forgotten his wallet and asked if she could pay. That got him a look of surprise as Jasmine barely had enough cash to pay and left only a $2 tip for the waiter.

They drove the remaining forty minutes home with Jasmine picking up where she left off and jabbering away incessantly. It wasn't until they reached Randolf that she realized just how quiet he had been.

"Are you OK? You haven't said much."

"I'm sorry Jasmine. I've just got a lot on my mind lately."

"You have been working too hard. But hey, it's a Friday, why don't we go to your bar and get you drunk?"

Not wanting to see familiar faces he suggested they go to one she often frequented in her hometown. Taking his offer as a compliment and figuring that put them closer to her trailer she drove on south.

He exhaled in relief. At least he could put off her discovery of his jewelry a while longer. He knew he'd have to deal with that but had no idea how she'd react when she saw the cage keeping his cock quite out of her reach. But more than his worry of her seeing the steel was the guilt that kept him in his own world for most of the drive. He kept thinking about Sharon. He wished more than anything he was with her. He worried about Ms. K and knew she was driving around in search of him and probably alerting all of her friends that 2035 was on the loose. The repercussions of this escape would be mind-boggling painful if they ever learned where he was. And that was just it; he didn't want to leave there in the first place. He realized that now that he was almost home. Those were the thoughts he felt when he spotted Jasmine earlier. He didn't pinpoint exactly what caused him to not want to go home with her but he understood now. He wanted to be with Mistress and with Ms, K, only because Mistress had told him he needed to. "Dam you Bobby Lewis!"

"Did you just say something?" Jasmine asked as she drove 55 around a 35 mph curve.

"No. I'm just thinking some things over in my head."

"Thinking about what?"

"Just stuff. Not a big deal."

"The only thing I want you to think about is me!"

Bobby smiled.

"Seriously, I'm going to fuck you at least ten times before I take you back on Monday so get ready."

He grinned; this time he had to force it as he thought about how that wasn't going to happen. "How about we just enjoy some bears and you introduce me to your friends and we'll take it from there?"

His noncommittal tone registered and she looked at him funny. "You're different. Something is up with you."

She pulled into the gravel lot of the rundown bar. He could tell the place would be packed as there was barely a spot left for her to park her truck.

"Come on," he said, the tone of his voice sounding more energetic, "let's go get a drink."

Jasmine beamed. He couldn't believe how easy it was for her to go from the pits of despair to the top of a mountain peak emotionally. She was so needy and so flighty. Maybe that dream of getting her to divorce so the two of them could marry wasn't such a good idea. Life was way more than just getting his cock inside a wet pussy and having a gorgeous babe for a wife. The woman had no self respect, no purpose in life. His mind went back to the dog cage. He pictured Mistress Sharon peering through telling him it was time to take a shower before work. Oh how he missed his Mistress.

Jasmine pulled him by the hand into the bar. Immediately inside she started hugging and kissing one guy after the other. Bobby watched as numerous hands of untold guys took the liberty of caressing most every part of her. She acted as if it was perfectly normal. She introduced Bobby to them and soon he struck up a conversation with two guys he had gone to school with at Randolf. Jasmine came back with two drafts and gave him one. She had bummed two-$20's off of a friend promising to pay her back soon.

The evening flew by. Mostly they shot pool with a few friends of hers and drank for almost four hours. It was near midnight when they finally left. Both had been to the restrooms multiple times and both were feeling somewhat inebriated from the prolonged consumption too many two-dollar drafts.

Jasmine had spotted the collar about an hour before they left and asked about it. He said he'd explain the story behind it later and that worked for the time being. He realized if he kept groping her, she seemed satisfied to keep her hands from venturing down to his crotch. Tonight she had a fascination with his ass which suited him just fine. "Squeeze and play with it all you want," he thought more than once.

After they had gotten to her double-wide, and after she assured him that her beau was not coming home, he escorted her inside. She pulled him to the bed and it was then when her hand went to his groin and squeezed the steel cage. She arched away from him as if she had discovered something scary.

"Bobby Lee, what the hell are you wearing under there?"

"I've been meaning to tell you but it was so loud, and, well, a, we never were alone."

She grabbed his dick again, this time fiddling with the grates of steel. "Did you lock your cock up in some kind of prison?" She asked completely perplexed.

"No, I didn't. Someone else did."

Pulling her hands away she sat up cross-legged. "Who?"

"It's a long story."

"And you are going to tell it to me but first I want to see it." She undid his belt, pulled his fly open and unclasped the catch on his slacks. A quick pull and she gasped at the sight of his beautiful cock so crammed and cramped inside the small steel cage. "Bobby, what is this!"

He decided the only way she'd ever understand would be if he was honest. He knew that even if he did tell her the complete truth she would still have a difficult time wrapping her brain around his story. Male chastity was simply too farfetched of a concept for her dainty little brain. Geez, a month ago he would have felt the same way and he was the holder of a graduate degree. He didn't even know if little Jasmine here had even gotten her GED!

"I met a woman," he began cautiously. He watched her eyes move from his to his locked goods and back again. "She has some different views on dating."

"Bobby, what the fuck are you talking about? God dam," she said grabbing a hold of a fist full of solid steel that captured his penis. "I mean, this is so weird!" She got off the bed and paced around the room.

"Just hear me out Jasmine. This isn't any easier on me. I mean," he grabbed underneath his balls and flipped the whole packing upward, letting it spring back, "I'm the one wearing this thing not you."

"I don't know. I don't know Bobby. I thought you were a normal guy. Now I wonder if you're some kind of pervert."

"I'm not a pervert," he said more forcefully. "It's just that this woman I've been seeing has certain requirements."

"She's got some fucking weird requirements! I ain't never seen anything like that before. I mean, what's the purpose of putting you in that? You can't even be enjoyed!"

"I know. I've been in here for a while."

"You're all shriveled up. You had such a nice cock. I mean a really nice cock." She stared at him and grabbed the cage hard and pulled on it as if to lift it off. "Now you got nothing!"

"I'm sorry Baby."

"You're sorry? You're sorry?" her voice ascending in pitch with each question.

"Yes, I'm sorry."

"About what? What are you sorry about? You let me drive you all the dam way down here knowing I wanted you to fuck me. I told you that not as soon as we got in the truck. Shit Bobby, why didn't you tell me?"

"Because I didn't know what to say."

"Because you are a freaking fagot, that's why."

"I need an orgasm and I wanted one from you! My man, if you call him that can hardly even get it up anymore and he comes as soon as he's inside me. I don't feel anything with him. I have been looking forward to your cock for a long time."

"I can't do what you want. I don't have a key, and besides, I made her a promise."

"What kind of promise?"

"That she'd be the only one that could have this."

"You are so fucking wrong on that," she said. "We'll see how much ownership she has!"

Bobby could see the fury and anger as well as the hurt and disappointment. She wanted him but now she was wrestling with who he was as a person. He really wasn't a pervert. Hell, he'd as soon get out of this thing as any one of the other owned slaves in Riverton.

Jasmine inspected the appliance more carefully. All that kept him from her was a dam little Master lock. "I'll be back. Don't move!"

She stormed out of the trailer while Bobby thought about her words. "How many times had he heard Mistress Sharon or Ms. K command him to be still?" The thought of her using the same phrase made him smile. "I need to get out of here," But then reality struck. He couldn't get back to the city. He had no money, no credit card, no wheels; no nothing! He was stuck. And then he realized he didn't even know Mistress Sharon's cell number!

"Oh shit!" He muttered.

He lay back thinking how he could weasel out of this mess. He also thought about what he had told her. He had made a promise of sorts and to be perfectly honest with himself there was a sense of belonging, a sense of peace and purpose to wearing the cage. It was symbolic of her ownership as was the collar but it was also so much more. It symbolized her exclusive hold on his most erotic organ. Only his cock could make him feel so satisfied and in wearing the cage he had lost the power to self satisfy. That now belonged to her and he liked that it did.

Some minutes later Jasmine reappeared with a honking big tool.

"What is that thing?"

"It's a bolt cutter. He," referring to her man, "uses it to steel tools from other people. He's told me this thing will cut through anything and I'm going to cut that shitty little lock off of you."

She dropped to her knees on the bed next to him while trying to manage the heavy cutters. Maneuvering the cutters so she could cut only what she wanted and not damage him she positioned it first this way and than that.

Bobby heard it first and shot up to a sitting position. He was about to bolt into the closet when his jaw dropped.

"Put that down Jasmine," came the soft commanding words.

"Who in the hell are you?" She dropped the cutters on the bed and turned to face the intruder.

"That's better." Mariko looked with narrowed eyes at 2035, "Let's go." There was no question in her tone; no 'I'll be outside waiting for you when you are done' suggestion in her words. Bobby knew she meant business and he was so glad to see her.

"Bobby?" Jasmine asked softly. "Is this who keeps you locked?"

He looked at her and shook his head. "It's complicated Jasmine; real complicated. But I need to go."

"Bobby?" she whined. Then focusing on Mariko she yelled, "No! Get the fuck out of my house!"

Mariko didn't move. The threat meant nothing but there was something quite intriguing about the young girl. She didn't understand why but something titillated her and aroused a sense of sexual passion at the woman's raw beauty. "Let's go," she repeated.

Bobby stood, refastened his slacks and came to Mistress Mariko. An almost invisible expression of pleasure appeared on her countenance when he obeyed. She anchored one end of a leash around his neck and walked out of the trailer with a slave trailing behind. Jasmine screamed for him to come back but he never even looked. Ms. K led him a good distance away to where she had parked on the side of the country road. Another vehicle was parked immediately behind her but pulled away when they saw them approach. She waved and thanked them and then turned around to face Bobby.

"I can't believe you did this. If you need to urinate, do it here now," she pointed to the bushes along the roadside.

"I don't."

"Well if you need to go later, go in here," She stiffly handed him an empty plastic gallon jug and said nothing more. She didn't need to say anything else. Fear gripped his heart. He had been rescued from the fury of one and now held captive by the anger of another. She opened the trunk. She didn't have to do more. Sheepishly he climbed in and as soon as the lid was closed he started undressing.

...

Many hours later the car once more moved. It had been sitting where ever it was for a very long time; how many hours Bobby didn't know. He guessed it was sometime on Sunday but was unsure. Living in blackness was disorienting although temperature fluctuations and outside noise changes gave some indication of day and night times. Finally he heard Ms. K get in and drive away. Bobby hoped she wouldn't go far. He wanted out. He'd been in there forever. About a half-hour later she stopped and got out. Then he heard voices. At first they were muffled but familiar. He started trembling and couldn't stop. His shaking morphed into silent sobs as he listened to Ms. K and Mistress Sharon converse. Maybe they didn't consider their conversation to be private; maybe they didn't worry that he might hear; maybe they thought he couldn't. Regardless Bobby Lewis, #2035 listened intently. He didn't dare move. He eavesdropped as the ladies discussed him; the unbeknownst arrival of Jasmine, their subsequent conversation near her truck; what Ms. K thought was reservation on his part at leaving but his eventual decision to go. Mariko told Sharon how Jasmine pulled him to the truck and pushed him inside but also how Bobby didn't get out. He let her do this. He chose to go and most importantly of all he intentionally disobeyed her order to wait.

Mariko explained how she discovered all this shortly before six and how fortunate she was to see there was a security camera focused on that part of the property.

"If it weren't for that camera I would have had no idea where to begin looking. As it was, I sent Mistress Gwen and her slave south and told them to go to her trailer.

"Is that the couple that tailed him soon after he started working at East Riverton?"

"It is. I have all new temporarily help followed. I want to know who they are and what they are like when they aren't working. There are too many perverts to simply give them a badge and let them mingle with a thousand students. Williams is aware of all this but he pretty much does what I tell him." A thin smile formed. "Anyway, they went to her place and waited. It was after midnight when I got the call and drove down. I made it there in record time and thankfully so."

"Was he going to fuck her?" There was an incredulous tenor in her quiet voice that Bobby could pick out. The question, along with the tone of her voice made him wince. It affected him deeply. He realized just how much he had hurt the woman he had been forced to serve. He reflected on the evening when he was made to watch her sleep and how he felt. He wanted her. Although she did rule him and although she made him do things he did not enjoy there was an attraction on his part. Despite all of the hardships she had placed on him; despite the humiliation he had to endure because of her actions a bond, a strong bond united them. At least it had united him. He wasn't sure where she was emotionally.

"I listened for some time just outside the bedroom window," Mariko continued. "I wanted to get some idea as to what he was thinking."

"And?"

"And he didn't want her to unlock him. He did make an attempt to dissuade her from focusing on the cage and he did mention you."

"He did?" She was surprised to hear that comment. "In what way?"

"He told her there was a woman that had a unique way of keeping the guy she was dating safe." Mariko grinned.

"So he didn't tell her I was his mistress or that I owned him?"

"Not in those exact words but I wonder how Jasmine interpreted what he said."

Sharon frowned.

"Trust me Sharon. She went ballistic when she saw the cage. The collar was one thing but the cage, well, she didn't know how to deal with that."

"Good. The little slut should have just stayed home."

"That would have been best but it is what it is. Anyway, when I heard her leave for the tool shed I came inside and waited. I had an idea of what she was up to. That's when I intervened. She was going to get her way. I think he was simply too enamored by her physical beauty to resist her." Mariko paused. "And she is beautiful." The same ache in her pussy returned when she thought back to that moment when she confronted Jasmine and the two women first met. Mariko exhaled deeply.

"That makes me sad. It's been a month Mariko; probably more than a month and this is what I have to show for all of the work and time I've put into him?"

Mariko took her by the arm, squeezing it firmly. She looked directly at her. She needed her to hear these words. "I told you it would take time. The man has lived this way for almost four decades. He can't be undone in 40 days."

"But how long? I don't want to do this forever. I don't think I can do it forever. Treating him like this isn't me."

That comment made Bobby swallow hard. Once more he felt an ache in his chest. Her words jabbed him painfully. He could hear her sadness and realized that he permitted her to be betrayed by yet another man. "I'm no different than Jonathan," he didn't say aloud.

"You have been doing wonderfully and you have done most everything on your own. You need to understand that. I've gotten what, one text and we've had one sit down to talk things through? This has been all because of you; the dog cage, the sleeping arrangements in your bedroom, using the cable at work, adding house chores and the like. It's been all you, Sharon. Your pacing has been perfect. Yes we have this situation to deal with and it is a serious one but you need to give him more time to surrender himself to you."

Mariko seemed hopeful. At least that was what she tried to convey. Then there was a period where Bobby heard nothing. He wondered if Mistress Sharon was thinking. Maybe she was crying. He couldn't tell.

When he heard them next Mistress was talking about her weekend at home and how crazy it was to get a 5 o'clock flight out of Oklahoma City on a Sunday evening. "I've been in here that long?" He thought. The amount of urine in the plastic container and the hunger pangs should have been a reminder. It was fortunate for him there were two bottled waters in the trunk. Those were literally a life saver. Well, kind of.

"What are you going to do now that you have him back?" She paused and then added, "You are going to do something, I hope" The comment was meant as a statement and an actionable one at that.

Sharon answered quietly, "I'm not sure. I really am at a loss. I feel like I want to give up."

"You are not giving up!" Her voice remained soft but there was no debating how she felt. "I know exactly what you should do. It's something I've done several times. Let's talk about it over there."

That was the last that Bobby heard for many minutes. When they returned they were still chatting but the conversation was muffled. He was able to make out Mistress Sharon telling her she didn't want to do this and later say she wasn't sure.

"You have to," Ms. K's responded. "It's the only proven way I know and it does work. It's worked more than once. Just trust me on this."

Eventually the lid opened and Mistress Sharon stood looking down. He wanted to run and hide by the way she looked but she bared any escape. He felt so guilty. He wanted to grovel at her feet and tell her exactly how sorry e was and how he really felt but knew this was not the time. What worried him was that he might not get the chance. He owed her at least the courtesy of an explanation. She said nothing. Instead she roughly cabled him into the old man position. He could feel the emotional distance between them. It seemed to be an incomprehensibly wide chasm. He hated the feeling and wondered if she did as well. It was easy to see how upset she as. He suppressed any protest as she pulled the cable tight and yanking his balls as she did.

Bobby didn't know why but he had a brief image of the two Mistresses talking. Rather than being locked in the trunk he was perched in a nearby tree. There they were, two very attractive women, one older, one younger, standing behind a car conversing. It wasn't that they were there talking but rather what they were discussing that amazed him. They were talking about him and doing so as if he were some pet or other animal who had run off, been caught, and now needed correction. He could see them clearly, Mistress Sharon's hand rested on the rear quarter panel while Ms. K leaned against the back of the car. Together they discussed what to do about the slave conveniently tucked away in the trunk. They obviously didn't view him as one worthy of their consideration. Yes he worked alongside them most days but that was only because he was a necessity. He wasn't their equal. He was nothing. Rather he was their project, Mistress Sharon's project to be precise but Ms. K was a part of his training as well.

What he feared was them beating him until he was an inch from death. Ms. K was tough and Mistress Sharon was getting tougher. He had seen those changes first hand since she had taken charge. She changed almost daily. The way she interacted with him had morphed. When he first came to live with her he could sense her hesitancy and feel her insecurity. Those days were long gone and he was surprised today to hear her frustration in not knowing what to do now. For the past week or so she had been so comfortable being in control. It wasn't so much in what she said but in how she said it. The reservations were gone. She seemed to know what she wanted and how she wanted it. In the process, the changes in her attitude made him feel more owned. He felt like he was becoming her slave.

She had also come up with new ways of making him obey. She pushed him harder intensifying her demands, restricting his sleep or just finding more ways to make him feel less human and more like he was nothing more than 'something' that was her property. He'd never call her Miss Prissy again. She wasn't someone out of the 1950's Happy Day's TV show by any stretch of the imagination; not any more. She was his owner; his Mistress, and he was 2035 to her far more than he was Bobby Lee Lewis.

"Get out," she said interrupting his thoughts.

He didn't look at her. He felt too guilty. Instead he stared at her shapely hips.

In an emotionalist tone she told him, "Crawl to your dog house and close the door."

A half hour later she appeared. She noticed he had been crying. Her eyes welled with tears at the sight and she knelt nearby.

"Why 35? Why?"

Bobby didn't look but instead turned away. It was just too hard to look at her now. He quietly sobbed once more.

"I need to know," she said.

"I didn't want to. Really I didn't want to go with her." He paused, "but I know I don't have an excuse for going."

"Bobby, I thought you were making strides but now ... I just don't know what to think. I don't know how to fix things."

"Oh Mistress, I know I made a mistake. But I didn't do anything."

"What?" Her voice surged in volume as he lit the fuse to the elephant in the back yard. "How can you even say that? You disobeyed a direct order. I told you to wait for Ms. K and you didn't. You left without telling anyone. It was only because of a stroke of luck that Ms. K saw the two of you on video surveillance. Otherwise she would have had no idea who took you, where you might have gone or where to start looking. Do you have any idea what you would have done with her? How can you say you didn't do anything?"

He knew he had to tread lightly; her anger was obviously apparent. "I meant to say I didn't do anything with this," he pointed to the chastity cage.

"My understanding is that you can only say that because Ms. K appeared when she did. She told me you would have been fucked within minutes if she hadn't come when she did. And, like I said, if she hadn't come when she did then what? Can you honestly tell me you wouldn't have let her fuck you? My god Bobby!"

"Did she tell you I told her I was dating you and I didn't want her to take this off?"

"Yes she did," she conceded. "But you would have if she hadn't gotten there until Saturday. You know she was going to get her way.

Bobby bowed his head. "All I can say is she didn't and I didn't. I'm glad I didn't have to worry about being there any longer.

Sharon shook her head. She didn't know what to say. She didn't even know how she felt at the moment.

"I wanted to be with you." He said without raising his head. "I only really want to be with you."

"So then why let her cut the cage. You knew where that was headed. I can't believe you were going to let her."

"I don't think I could have followed through with what she wanted even if I was free. I've never felt about a woman then way I feel about you." His voice was steady and his words strong.

"I wish I could believe that and I wish you hadn't gone. Now I have deal with the fact that you did! I have to live knowing you consciously drove away with Jasmine, who I understand is completely out of my league physically. How do you think it makes me feel?"

"Not good. But I don't care for her the way I care about you. And you are beautiful; you really are."

"I wish I could believe you 35. I wish I could."

Mistress Sharon stood and walked off. She went to the far end of the yard and then came back. She was about to say something but instead headed for the house.

"Mistress," Bobby called. She stopped to listen. "I want to be your slave."

Sharon could barely contain her composure. She felt betrayed and yet in some obtuse way she felt loved. Her authority had been violated yet she knew he adored her; on one hand she felt abandoned yet on another she could feel his need for her. But in the end, as things had transpired, he had made choices that completely demonstrated how brittle his commitment was when tempted. A good part of her wanted to release him and fire him from the consulting project. She couldn't help tossing his ass in the same shit hole as Jonathans'. She walked inside, went up to bed and had a good long cry.

Before she fell asleep she considered Ms. K's advice. She didn't know if she could bring herself to do what she wanted. She cried more, laboring over what she had asked of her. She had too many questions and not enough answers. She called Mariko. They talked for almost an hour. When they were through she knew she had but two choices: to let him go or choose the very path she least wanted to venture, Ms. K's suggest path.

...

Bobby was awakened by the sound of a vehicle pulling into the drive. Four women ranging in age from mid twenties to forty walked up to him. He watched wondering what was up. The sun was barely above the horizon on a cool October morning. To his amazement, they lifted him, cage and all and carried it to their pickup and slid him into the bed.

They drove in a direction opposite the city, eventually driving onto a one lane asphalt road. About a mile later the truck turned onto a gravel drive. Some two-hundred yards off the road and hidden from the trees was a beautiful home. Whoever lived here had money. The yard was perfect with not a weed to be found. There were myriad flower and shrub beds scattered everywhere. Beautiful river birches graced the front lawn along with dogwoods, redbuds and buckeyes. Behind the extensive back yard lay only forest. Whoever lived here probably owned all he could see. While he took it all in the oldest of the women stepped into view and unlocked the cage. He was leashed and led away from the manicured grounds and into the forest.

"2035," she said finally." I want this tree felled."

Bobby stared up at a tall oak. The trunk was a good sixteen inches in diameter.

"And then I want everything cut into two-foot lengths." She handed him an axe and bow saw.

Soon the other women arrived. One of them carried a length of chain which she secured around an adjacent tree with a padlock and then locked the other end onto his collar. The chain was heavy and rusted and quite old. It was at least a 100 feet long, permitting him plenty of room to work on the oak.

The four laughed quietly as when they left. Bobby watched and then heard one of them call out, "If it's not done by this evening you will regret you ever came here." He heard more laughter as panic over took him.

Staring up at the tree he figured it was at least forty feet tall. That meant twenty cuts, not counting the branches. He set to work with vigor. By noon he had the tree down and four sections cut to length. By late afternoon he had fifteen sections done. An hour later the rest of the trunk was cut to length and an hour after that so were the branches. After stacking the wood neatly, he waited. His arms and back ached and he probed at more than one blister on his uncalloused and tender hands. He craved food and water.

A short time later the youngest of the women appeared. She unlocked the chain from the tree and instructed 2035 to walk. Returning to the truck, he got in his cage. She told him to pull the chain inside and then secured him with a click of a lock. They left, driving back out of the country into the city and then to Mistress Sharon's home. Leading him into the basement he ventured to a part of her house he had never been. It was dark and damp and dank.

"Over there," she pointed.

In the middle of the basement stood large wooden 'X' shaped structure made by two interlocking barn timbers. They were at least six to eight inches in diameter and looked to be hundred years old. The structure reached from floor to ceiling and was anchored to the floor below and rafters above. The sight of it made him feel like it was some sort of medieval torture device and he was not too far off. He guessed its purpose, recognizing it as a modern day version of a Saint Andrew's cross that was used to crucify the apostle Andrew and later became the basis for the X pattern of the Scottish Flag.

The mistress temporarily anchored him to the beams using the chain but she proceeded to permanently fix him to the cross using cuffs and cords attaching them to each wrist and ankle. The stout cords ran through eyebolts anchored at the four terminal ends of the cross and down to a common point where all were made fast. When she was through he was left standing facing the beams. Each arm and leg were spread wide apart and pulled uncomfortably tight. A minute later the basement quieted and only his breathing could be heard. He was alone. Sometime later he heard footsteps coming down the stairs. 2035 didn't turn to see who it was. If he had, he probably wouldn't have been able to tell. It was so dark. He felt fear begin to overwhelm him.

Sharon walked into view and faced him. He could see the sadness in her expression. She didn't appear her usual confident self. She looked at him for some time. When Bobby looked up she said quickly, "Don't look at me."

He obeyed and she moved, walking around the cross apparently inspecting it. He could feel her pull on the cords checking their security. They were indeed drawn taut.

Finally she asked, "Did you finish your chores?"

"Yes Mistress."

She walked back into view, "If you really want to be mine you need to understand there can only be one choice and that is for you to always and forever choose me."

"I know that. That's what I want," he answered.

"I don't believe you do know. In fact, I know you don't. Just look at the decisions you made this weekend."

"But I want to be with you."

She walked out of sight again. "You don't want me enough."

"But I do."

"No 2035, you don't and that's the problem I'm struggling with."

"Mistress, I want to be yours. I want to be yours." His words became more pleading with each statement.

"Is that so?" she grunted.

Bobby cried out in pain as a wide leather paddle impacted his ass. She hit him ten times.

"I wish you had chosen to obey." She said panting.

"Me too." His voice now filled with fear.

He could hear her breathing. "Ahhhh," he cried as she belted him fifteen times more.

"You did this to yourself, you know."

He nodded, now too sore to speak.

"Mistress!" he cried as the first of twenty more vicious lashes raked his back, ass and legs.

"You bastard, I hate doing this!"

"Then stop," he pleaded.

"Not a chance!" She commenced with his punishment, this time losing count. She hit him until she was exhausted and he was sobbing uncontrollably. What he couldn't hear were her whimpers.

She listened to him sob for a long time. "Do you know why I am doing this?" She asked quietly. Her voice was weak. She was frightened; frightened of what this might do to her as well as him.

"Because I disobeyed you," he said after a long silence.

Sharon didn't answer. Closing her eyes and hearing Ms. K's words in her mind; the ones she spoke on the phone, she steeled herself and repeated the beating, this time she wailed on him for at least another ten minutes. He cried but not his sobs revealed a more broken cry. She heard no anger. There was only remorse.

But this was so difficult to do. She hated causing him so much pain. Unable to go any further she dropped the strap and ran upstairs, buried her head in a pillow and wept. But an hour later she gathered her strength and trounced back down the old wooden steps and repeated the process; this time she was even harder on him. Not even bothering to talk she laid into him. He pleaded and begged for her to stop but she just kept on with her assault. Believing that the harder she was on him the sooner this could end; she did everything possible to drown out his cries and screams. Leaving him a broken man she left, only to cry herself for a good long while. Before heading to bed she made one final trip. As soon as he heard the door to the basement open he started begging. To hear him like this was gut-wrenching but she had no other choice. She was the novice and Mariko the expert. If this is what it took to break him then this is what she'd do. His imploring cries for compassion went on until the first blow landed. But like the previous two times she didn't listen. Rather, she did what Ms. K told her. She did it because this was the only way. She did it because she didn't want to release him. What hurt was that she had to bear his pain as well. "God this hurts so badly," she said quietly delivering the final barrage of blows. When she was through, his body was a solid sheet of red that extended from his neck to his knees.

When his wailing became so pathetic, she almost lost it. Her heart ached for him. Inside she cried with him. She hurt for 2035. She wanted to hold him and rock him. She wanted to kiss his pains away; instead she duct-taped headphones to his head, turned on the iPod and left him to wallow in his misery. She left knowing he'd spend the night in torment and with the understanding the women would arrive again shortly after dawn.

Although Bobby did his best to sleep, he got almost none. The fire on his posterior only intensified during the night and the psychological torment of knowing just how devastated she was by his betrayal haunted him. And then there was the noise. Intermittent periods of noise blared and pulsed through the earpieces. What he was forced to listen to was not music but rather the obnoxious sounds of horns blowing, metal screeching on metal, screams and the dissonant instrumental sounds. They came and went randomly. He might have five minutes of silence but then his senses were jolted by the horrific noise. The net result kept his brain continually stimulated. Just when he started to doze, another flurry of chirps, explosions, beeps and dissonant sounds shocked him throughout the night. It completely limited his ability to rest and by morning he was exhausted.

But when morning came so did the four women. They found him semi-asleep - semi-awake. Unclasping the four cords from his ankles and wrists they left the cuffs on, pulled him up the stairs with the chain as his guide and directed him to the cage in the truck bed. He tried to sleep but one of the ladies opened the back window and jabbed him with a piece of wood.

"Stay awake slave!" Her voice oozed with disgust. They took him to the same place as before. The younger one took him once more to where his axe and saw lay. After securing him to another huge oak she pointed to another mark tree. She didn't need to say a word. He knew what was expected. This one was significantly thicker than the one yesterday.

Bobby's body felt like dead weight. He was so tired, hungry, thirsty and sore. The woman left, and like before she warned him that if the assigned work was not completed she would not be pleased. He set about cutting and chopping like a madman, refusing to give in to the young bitch and refusing to succumb to his need for sleep, food and water. When two women checked on his progress at noon he was more than half way through. The gallon of water they brought refreshed him although he could have easily drank twice as much. That evening they arrived an hour or so earlier.

"We didn't want you to use the time waiting for us to sleep," the oldest said sarcastically.

Bobby looked at her blankly. He had used up most all of his resources on that dam tree but resolved to not give them the pleasure of seeing him fail. However, on the way home he felt the full impact of his fatigue. He needed to sleep. His body was shutting down but the bitch with the stick kept probing him making sure he didn't. When they arrived at Mistress Sharon's they secured him to the cross. Bobby's fear returned instantly after they left and he was alone in the dark basement.

Sharon walked slowly down the stairs several minutes later. Tonight she repeated the process four times rather than the three she had last evening. Before each beating he begged for mercy; during each beating his cries and screams reached deafening levels before eventually dying off into pathetic whimpers of resignation. With each cycle she purged him just a little more of his defiant will. When the sting of the strap started on round four, it didn't take long before he moved from screams to the crying tones she recognized to be that of a broken man. He had little fortitude left to resist. Maybe this is what was supposed to happen. She wasn't sure. She continued with the stripes, striking him from shoulders to calves. He cried; he screamed; he begged; he pleaded; and then he yielded to whimpering sobs that she hated hearing most of all. And unbeknownst to him, she also wept almost as much as he did.

On the third day of work, he failed to cut the specified tree in time. When the young woman came to fetch him she saw he had much to do. She smiled. It was what she had been waiting for. She had never had this privilege bore and was looking forward to what she could do next. Rather than waiting for him to finish she walked him out, leaving the unfinished work where it was. Some other poor soul would end up cutting it eventually. Instead of putting him in the truck she led him to a nearby barn. Hitching his chain to the tractor hitch she let out about 30 feet of chain. Then she slowly drove around the property with him tagging along behind. Exhausted from not sleeping and being worked to exhaustion each day he did his best to keep up. At first she took it easy, letting him get use to the pace. Then she sped up forcing him to jog. Leading him down forest trails, across streams, and through ditches, muck and stone he tagged along behind. His naked skin tore when she took him through a raspberry patch and his feet transmitted shocks of pain when he stepped on a wooden spur or other sharp object. His strides became more staggering. The naked man in tow was losing it and she was enjoying every minute of it.

Eventually the endless energy of the tractor won out. He stumbled and fell while she drove on for some distance knowing he was now being pulled across the forest floor. Finally she stopped and looked behind. 2035 didn't get up. He laid panting and groaning. After a cursory evaluation and seeing he was conscious and relatively unharmed she kicked him in the gut telling him to stand. After staggering to his feet she drove him slowly home. He barely made it without another fall.

When Sharon walked down the stairs she noticed how limply he hung. Upon closer evaluation she saw the myriad cuts, scrapes and scratches that marred his body. He was a mess.

"What happened?" She said having come around to where she could see him.

"I fell." There was no life in his voice.

"Does it hurt?"

"What do you think Mistress?"

She didn't answer immediately. Eventually she said more sternly, "You know not to talk to me that way. When I ask you a question you answer it. What's wrong with you?"

He didn't answer but his eyes spoke volumes.

She walked behind, grabbed the thick leather paddle and prepared herself for another night of misery.

She commenced with five blows. The screams he omitted scared her. The whacks of the strap on top of the already sensitive and damaged skin brought forth an emotion she could barely endure. She stopped, thought of Mariko's words, renewed what little determination she had and continued striking him again, and again, and again. After forty blows she dropped the strap.

"I can't do this," she said quietly. His screams filling the four corners of the basement. Tears welled and cascaded down her cheeks. "I can't do this him. I can't do it anymore." He didn't hear her. Pain occupied his mind entirely.

When the screams lessoned in intensity she walked in front of the cross so she could see him, "I can't do this 35. Not anymore. I'm done."

He didn't say anything. All he felt was pain layered on an overwhelming desire to rest.

"I'm sorry Bobby. But I have no choice."

"What do you mean?" His words were weak but inquiring.

"I can't do what I've been asked to do. I can't keep beating you. I just can't."

She walked away and returned with cutters similar to what Jasmine had retrieved from the tool shed. She had purchased them yesterday just in case she had to make this choice. Actually she had already made the choice the moment she paid the cashier but didn't want to admit it.

"What are you doing?"

She lay the cutters down, produced a key from around her neck and unlocked the cage that encased his cock. The cage fell to the ground with a clatter. Then she picked up the bolt cutters and told him not to move. Catching the collar in the cutters jaws she squeezed. They bit through the metal easily.

"Mistress!" Bobby pleaded.

"Quiet! I made my choice." She cut the collar again on the side opposite the first cut and the two halves fell away, clanking off the concrete floor.

"Mistress, why are you doing this?"

She didn't answer. Instead she cut his arms free and dropped the cutters. Sobbing audibly she pointed to the back exit telling him to go. "Leave through the back door Bobby. You and I are through. I don't want you here in the morning. I left you some clothes and your wallet on the back steps."

"Oh Mistress, I am so sorry. Please don't do this."

"Shut up! Just get out of here." Her words betrayed her feelings but right now she didn't want to deal with her feelings anymore. They were a jumbled mass of confusing opposites.

He watched her ascend the steps and disappear for the last time. Eventually he freed himself of the restraints, found the items she left and sat for a long time on the ground outside. His mind was awash with conflicting thoughts and feelings. He cried because she had told him to go; he felt horrible to be suddenly free. All that had recently happened had been of his doing. He had messed up. He was the one at fault. None of this was because of her. All she had done was to be forced into a corner and made to do things that went against her conscious. Apparently she didn't want to beat him; at least not this hard or this much. A month ago Jonathan had broken her heart. He had nearly destroyed her. And now he had done pretty much the same. Maybe she'd get over him more easily. After all, they had only known one another for a little less than two months. How hard could it be?

"But what about now? What was he to do now? Where was he to go?" He had a hundred thoughts surge through his mind. He had no car. And above all he wanted to sleep. He was just so exhausted. He had to sleep. Walking around the periphery of her property for the first time he noticed a small shed situated immediately on the other side of the fence. It belonged to her neighbor but it was the perfect spot. He climbed over and lay between the two structures and within seconds had drifted off into a dreamless unconsciousness.

...

By the time Mariko opened her email on a beautiful mid-October Friday, Sharon was over a thousand miles away at her sister's home in Texas. After the emotionally charged break up and an hour cry to purge whatever feelings consumed her she had a déjà vu moment. After a quick call and sending two emails she packed lightly and headed to catch a late flight to Dallas Fort Worth. Arriving at 10:52 PM Central time she headed west. Debbie lived in a beautiful home on Eagle Mountain Lake, one of the large fresh water bodies of water scattered throughout this area of Texas. She worked from home as a financial planner, often having clients come to her office here at her lake house. She was quite financially stable although Sharon wondered if she might be a bit lonely. After greeting her fraternal twin and conversing about superfluous topics for twenty minutes Sharon headed to bed. She was emotionally and physically exhausted and she slept like a baby. Waking some seven hours later when the sun streamed into her bedroom she wandered into the kitchen and found her sister about to make a pot of coffee.

About the same time but a thousand miles east Mariko read the email:

"I couldn't carry through with what you wanted me to do. It's not me. It's not who I want to be. I'm sorry Mariko. I had to let him go and did so last night. Taking a personal day. Will be back to work on Monday. Contacted my superior in Nashville. I cc'ed a copy of that email to you. Please don't hate me.

Love ya,

Sharon"

The few lines she wrote contained enough implicit information to write a book and Mariko was fuming. She was about to call her to talk but thought it best if she wait and give herself time to calm down. She hated losing a male and this one was so close to reaching that state where he would be forever turned. Bobby would have made the perfect slave. He had all the qualities. Although he had done some boneheaded things in his life, Mariko attributed that more to naivety than anything else. In the short time she'd known him she'd observed so many submissive traits she sometimes wished she had kept the man. Maybe she should have talked to Sharon about that. Maybe she should have let her know all of the little things he said and did that revealed his true submissive nature. But it was too late for that now. Her plan was for Sharon to learn all this on her own. She wanted her to be the one that did all the work to reform him into a better man. She wanted her to then enjoy the fruits of her labor and have a slave at her beckon.

"Dam!" She said as her hand slammed onto the desk in frustration; tea blurped out of the small cup and onto a nearby document. "Now none of that is ever going to happen!"

...

After the sisters made breakfast they moved to the upstairs deck that overlooked the southern coast of the expansive lake. Temperatures had already risen into the low 70's with a predicted high of 77. The skies were blue and the humidity low. October in Texas was the best month of the year for hanging out on the deck and the breeze kept any bugs away.

Eventually Sharon turned the conversation to Bobby while Debbie listened with great interest. What started off as a typical 'I'll be working with you on this project' relationship took a sudden turn to the dark side. Debbie couldn't help but think of the 50 Shades book that hit the bookstores with such fury, only to come and go like so many other once-and-done authors. But to hear her sis telling the story made her tale that much more interesting. She listened without interrupting her up to the point where Mariko asked if she wanted to take ownership of Bobby. She couldn't contain her thoughts any longer.

"Am I listening to Sharon Ashby talk?" Her face crinkled with expression.

"Can you believe it?"

"No, I can't. Not at all. I wondered what came over you when we all met at Mom's last week. I figured it was due to the whole Jonathan breakup."

"What do you mean?"

"Your outfits were all new and you looked great."

That brought a smile. "That might have been part of it but it wasn't nearly all."

"That's an understatement." She paused still trying to reconcile that Sharon had met up with an Oriental woman who was on a mission to turn cocky males into submissive, obedient men. That she had turned as many as Sharon mentioned was commendable. She too believed men should first and foremost adore women, especially when they date and eventually marry one. She questioned the physical nature of how Sharon went about making him submit and could not come to grips that her other half, the conservative one, had embraced this female dominant philosophy.

"Do you think your breakup with Jonathan opened your mind to the possibility of this kind of relationship?"

"I don't know Deb. At least I don't think so. I know Jonathan hurt me more than anyone else but I don't think all of this had to do with him. I'm sure some of it did. Or," she paused, "it softened my mind to the possibility of it."

"I think when we go through really painful experiences like you and I have, it does change us. I'm just so thankful you didn't fall off the deep end like I did."

"I didn't get raped Deb. I just saw him fuck a whore. There is a huge difference between what you had done to you and what I saw."

Deb couldn't hold back the tear that formed in one eye and brushed is aside. The pain of that night so long ago was still all too vivid. "So what made you want to take him on as a project?"

"I think it was Mariko's story that really hit home. I could really identify with her pain and when she told me about witnessing her girlfriends getting raped, I couldn't help but think of you. And then there was this guy in the other room listening to all we said. It was so weird! I mean, he just knelt there the whole time and didn't move a muscle."


"And he was naked?"

"Yea, he was and then I realized pretty soon after that it was my co-worker who was the naked guy."

"That is weird." She thought about her sister and the situation she found herself. "So why did you take him when Mariko offered him?"

"It seemed like the right thing for me to do. Does that sound crazy or what?"

Debbie smiled thinly, not knowing what to think.

"I didn't take him because I wanted to get all kinky with him. I think I took him because she told me I would learn about men. Maybe I took him because having him to train would keep my mind off of Jonathan. You know," she raised both hands in surrender, "I really don't know why I said yes."

"I don't know if I should tell you are crazy and stupid or hug you because I'm so proud of you."

Sharon grinned. "Why do you say that?"

"Sis, you took a man home to be your slave! That's nuts. I mean that's like out there!" She exclaimed.

"I know it was. Well kind of it was."

Deb didn't pick up on the qualification to her statement. "But you took a guy home for the purpose of training him to serve you. Now that's hot!" She smiled.

Both girls broke into a giggle.

"Yea, it is," Sharon agreed. "That's the part I liked. And do you know what, I really was training him. He really was starting to change. And I was beginning to fall for him a little too."

"You were?" She asked excitedly.

"Yea, I was. I didn't tell him of course because I thought that would make me appear weak but I did enjoy his company."

"And you really liked bossing him around?"

"I did. Like right from the start I did."

"I can't believe you," she said still somewhat dumbfounded that her sister had done this.

"OK, I told you this much so I might as well tell you everything." She went on to relay the advice she had gotten from the romance novel and how she used that as the template for her training. She talked about the dog house, the cables, the eyebolts, the chores, the dog food, everything. Deb listened in awe as her sister explained how she experimented with mixing hardships with periods of relative ease. She spoke of even going so far as making the easy times ones that were still hardships but in comparison to what he had just endured were not nearly as taxing. Deb asked for examples and she told her about letting him sleep inside instead of out; about freeing him from the cable so he could cook or clean the house; of letting him eat from a bowl or enjoy scraps from her plate instead of fetching food off the ground in his cage. Debbie began to see the method to her madness.

"He was becoming grateful for all of those little gifts, even though they weren't anything special."

"But they were Sis. Sleeping inside, even if he was anchored to the floor... I can see how he would view that as a treat."

"I even hooked him to the ceiling and made him watch me sleep a few times."

Deb lost it. "Oh My God," she gasped, "Aren't you the vane one after all?"

"He loved it," she said amidst laughter. "And I felt loved. I could feel his adoration. Deb, it was the best feeling in the world. I could tell he worshipped me. I couldn't help but feel it."

"That's pretty neat," she said, having to admit it sounded too good to be true.

Sharon went on to explain the beginning of the end when he left to go home with Jasmine. She talked about his capture and what Mariko had convinced her to do and how it eventually led to her releasing him because she couldn't hurt him anymore. When she was through talking, both women cried openly. Deb came back outside with two glasses and a bottle of wine. Even though it was not quite noon, she needed a drink. Neither said much for some time. They watched boaters, water skiers and sailboats off in the distance and listened to songbirds chirping in the nearby trees.

"I came here because I need your advice Sis. I don't know what to do?"

"I think you know exactly what to do."

"But I don't"

"That's not true. What's your heart telling you?"

The girls talked until their stomachs reminded them they needed to eat. That was many hours later. Their conversation went back to the beginnings several times, went to Jonathan and the prostitute, to Mariko to Jasmine and to the beatings. They rehashed everything over and over. Deb did so because she wanted to hear more. As time passed she felt more open than ever to what her sister had done and congratulated her numerous times telling her how proud she was of her actions. Sharon talked at length about the past two months because the talking helped process things she had not been able to fully resolve. Debbie had always been the one that gave her needed insights into matters she couldn't resolve on her own. And in this case, she had experienced a similar nastiness to what she had with Jonathan. She understood and maybe that was why it was so clear to Sharon on Thursday that she needed to book this flight. The long weekend flew by for both women. When Sharon left amidst hugs, kisses and tears that only sisters can share she left grateful; grateful that she had come; grateful that Deb didn't judge and grateful she eventually understood and embraced her decisions. That alone was worth the price of a last minute ticket. What she hadn't anticipated was what was to come.

...

Sharon arrived home exhausted. Being back in her usual surroundings drained her as feelings and thoughts of Bobby reemerged. Driving those last few minutes made her think about him, about Mariko and about what she had just done; what cruel things she had done. As she pulled the car up the drive her thoughts drifted to her conversation with Mariko while 2035 remained tucked away in the trunk. "Hmmm, 2035," She thought. "And now it's just Bobby Lewis again. I wonder how awkward it's going to be tomorrow when we are all together at work." She pushed that thought aside.

Grabbing her carry-on she locked the car and left the garage. There sitting on the steps sat Bobby. Her heart stopped. He sat watching her walk in his direction.

"I told you to leave," she said quietly.

"I know. But this is my home."

"No, it's my home." Her voice carried a little more strength this time.

"I know it is. But it's become mine too."

Sharon approached and sat on the steps next to him but remaining a safe distance a part.

"So, do you want to talk?" He said.

"Not really. I want to go inside. All of this has been so hard on me Bobby."

"Where did you go?"

"To see a friend."

"Your sister?"

That comment was perceptive, "How did you know?"

"She's your best friend isn't she?"

Sharon smiled.

"I didn't think you went to see Ms. K and I knew you had just gone home to see your folks so it was a simple matter of elimination."

"You do have a head on those shoulders," she said smiling ever so slightly.

"But no collar. I miss my collar, Mistress."

"Bobby, I can't do this. I just can't. I can't even forgive myself for doing what I did. It was horrible."

"Then don't!" He said adamantly.

"What do you mean?"

"Whatever this plan of yours was to break me, well I knew it was really Ms. K's idea. I heard most of your conversation while I was in the trunk."

"Yea, so what?"

"You don't need to do it her way, god dam it. I don't want to be her slave. I want to be your slave. Can't you see that?"

Sharon's hands started to quiver. He was saying exactly what she both feared and wanted.

"I can't think of another way Bobby. If I could I would have chosen differently."

His voice softened. "I would have endured 10,000 more lashes if that's what it took."

Sharon slid closer and caressed his broad muscular back. "I felt so guilty for every one of those lashes I gave you."

"Everyone?" She could see he was smiling.

"Maybe not the first 100," she answered quickly, her face aglow once more. "But guilty about all the rest."

"May I touch your leg Mistress?"

She grabbed his hand placing it on her thigh. He squeezed gently.

"What you did to me hurt. It really hurt," he began. She started to say something but he moved an index finger to her lips to shush her. "Let me talk. You can do whatever you want when I'm done but I need to say this."

"OK," she whispered. "Go on. I'm listening." Her hand ran over his forearm, eventually stopping to hold his biceps with both hands.

"When I came to East Riverton all I wanted was to make lots of money and a name for myself. I didn't care about the kids or anyone else. I did some things that first week that Ms. K called me on and although I thought she was a bitch, she was right. I realized that the day after the accident in the parking lot. And then there was you; you were nothing more than a pain in my ass. I wanted to be the one in charge of this project and you took that opportunity away from me. But then I saw you as a means to an end. You had connections with the State and I thought if we did well, you'd be the one recommending me to other schools. I had no interest in you personally. You simply weren't my type."

She smiled shyly. "Go on."

"After Ms. K gave me that ultimatum and basically took me for her own my life got flipped upside down. When she made me strip I thought she really was a certified nutcase and when she made me do all those things I was sure of it. But when I heard you two talking that night, you know, when I was in the kitchen,"

"Yea, I remember."

"Well something hit home. I started thinking about all my friends I grew up with and how they looked at girls. I thought back to our frat parties at college and even my situation with Jasmine. You guys were right. Ms. K was right. Guys really are pretty pathetic if we are left to our own desires and impulses. And there I was kneeling and listening and under her control. I felt guilty for wanting to be with Jasmine just because she had a great body. I felt guilty for lots of things in my past. It wasn't like I wanted to cry or go tell all the women I've offended that I was sorry but I realized that my behavior wasn't acceptable. And do you know what else I felt?"

"No. What?"

Strangely enough I felt at peace. I felt at peace kneeling there listening to you guys and being under her control. I can't explain it and even today I don't know why I felt that way but I did. I really did. And that was the start of the change."

"What change Bobby? I want to know." She squeezed his arm.

"When you saw me cabled and at the front door there wasn't an ounce of embarrassment at my nakedness. All I wanted was to be free of that dam cable. My body was one giant pain after wearing it that long. Even when you hit me I didn't take it personally. Rather I completely understood why you did. And when Ms. K made me present in those different positions on the back porch I didn't present to her. I told myself I was presenting to you. And when she mentioned her desire to give me to you I couldn't believe my luck."

"Wasn't that just to get away from what she was doing to you?"

"You know, at the time I thought the same thing but within a day or so later I think my reaction had more to do with wanting to be with you rather than wanting to be away from her. I was attracted to you. I wasn't that first week but when I got to know you as a person I liked being with you. And then there was that night when you made me watch you sleep. That was when I really knew I wanted to be yours. Not your boyfriend but your slave.

"I made you do that several times."

"But only once did you take your top off Mistress."

She smiled. "I think I was feeling horny."

"I didn't know what you were doing but you looked beautiful and all I could think about was wanting to stay with you."

"But you left me. That's what ruined everything."

"I think you let it ruin everything but after I left I think it confirmed everything; at least for me it did."

She looked at him confused although she knew what he was getting at.

"During my first month with you I went from feeling pretty selfish to wanting to do my very best to make you happy; even if that meant sleeping in the cage or being cabled while at work. I didn't care about what other people said or thought. All I cared about was knowing how much those things pleased you."

"Why was that?"

"Because I could tell you enjoyed me obeying you. And I thought you liked being the mistress and having me as your slave."

"I did," she said reflectively. "I did very much."

"I did too. When I went with Jasmine, it was the night after you took off your top. That night Mistress, I felt things I honestly never felt before. Yea Jasmine is beautiful but her beauty doesn't hold a candle to yours."

"You're just saying that."

"No I'm not. She has a sexiness to her but it was so shallow. She's so needy. And she has the intellect of a two year old. All she wants is sex. She doesn't want a relationship."

"And you think I do?"

"I know you do. We had a relationship. We had a beautiful relationship," he said adamantly. "No it wasn't like most couples have but then again most people don't communicate the way we do; they don't interact like we do. We have so much more than they ever could have."

"Bobby, we didn't communicate. My god, this is the most you and I have ever talked about personal matters - ever."

"True but wouldn't you agree that every time you cabled me you thought of me and considered what it would do to me or how it would affect whatever it was you were trying to achieve?"

"Yea, I did."

"And wouldn't you agree that making me do chores, or work, or cook or where you wanted me to spend my night were all times that made you think about me and how those things were going to turn me into your perfect slave?"

Sharon smiled. She looked into his eyes and could see how sincere and genuine he had become. "I sure did."

"And so did I. I thought about you all the time. You began to consume all my thoughts. I didn't want to be away from you and when I was, I thought about you continually. I wanted to be back with you but knew, even when we were apart that I was obeying you and that obedience pleased you. You grew on me and now I can't get you out of my mind. Don't you feel the same way Mistress?"

She didn't answer.

"I know the answer. I heard you cry every time you beat me in the basement. I know what made you cry. I knew you cried because you had feelings for me; because you cared about me."

Sharon wiped a tear aside. "Yes, I did care about you, 35."

Bobby's eyes filled with tears at hearing his name. "I thought so. And I think you still do. I think you still do a lot."

They both sat for some time looking at the stars. She never let go of his arm and he her thigh.

"May I make a suggestion?"

"What's that?" she asked.

"Can't you start over and just do things your way?" His spoke quietly, almost as if he was afraid to ask.

She started to say something but he added, "Didn't you enjoy being my mistress before the whole Jasmine incident?"

Sharon didn't answer his questions. She didn't say anything right away. After letting his words hang she asked, "Do you still have the retaining ring from your cage?"

"I haven't ever taken it off."

"Go downstairs and get the other pieces and bring them to me."

Two minutes later he returned and handed her the lock and cage.

"Get undressed." The words made Bobby's heart leap in expectation. The tone of her voice was the one he was use to hearing. He sprang to his feet and obeyed.

"Oh my," she said staring at his fully erect cock. "It doesn't look like this is going on any time soon."

Bobby smirked, looking at his erection. "Sorry Mistress."

"Step forward 35 and present," she commanded.

He stood directly in front of her while sat on the second step. His cock was at eye level. He thrust his hips forward and stood looking straight ahead anchoring his hands behind. He felt her touch him. She ran her open hand along his full length. She gently squeezed his balls and then encircled her hand around him feeling his girth.

"This is an impressive piece of equipment 35. I had no idea this is what you had hidden inside that little chunk of steel."

Bobby said nothing. She hadn't asked him a question.

"Thirty-five, masturbate for me. Tell me when you get close." Sharon leaned back against the steps.

It took all of his will not to look at her and even more to do as she asked. He felt embarrassed at the very thought of doing what no guy would ever do in public. But she was not anyone. She was his Mistress. The magnitude of that fact suddenly dawned. "She does want to do this!" He grabbed his cock and stroked.

Sharon watched. She had never asked a guy to do this! What had gotten into her? Was it Bobby? Was he the one that brought out this secret side of her personality that even she didn't know existed? She wasn't sure but she realized her panties were getting moist. She was becoming aroused and it felt so very good.

About ten minutes later 35 spoke, "I, I'm getting close Mistress."

"Stop!"

Sharon let him rest for no more than a minute. When she thought the urge had past, she told him to resume and let her know when he was ready to climax. Five minutes later he told her and again she commanded him to stop. She repeated the process after another short break and three minutes later he told her he was almost there.

"Getting close aren't we?" She smiled.

"Yes Mistress."

"Go again."

He obeyed and the urge came even more quickly.

"Stop!"

Sharon stood and ran her hands along his shaft. With each pass she could feel the tension building. He felt good. His cock was warm in the cool air and the hardness revealed its strength. She was amazed at how such a small part of his body could consume his entire mind at times. This organ, making up no more than one percent of his body served as his master organ in so many ways. She stroked him more aggressively as thoughts of controlling him ruminated in her mind. Suddenly she felt his cock both thicken and lengthen suddenly. He tensed and he let out a groan. She let go of him, quickly cupping both hands in front of him.

"Stroke!" she commanded.

He did just as he erupted. Shots of semen streamed outward and in to her cupped hands. When the last bit oozed had out Sharon looked at the white puddle she held.

"Thirty-five, clean this up." Her voice commanding and yet compassionate.

Thirty-five knelt and lapped up what he could; much remained stuck all over her hand and fingers. Mistress took her time feeding him one finger and then another. When he had cleaned each she gave him her palm and then the back of her hand; offering him first one and then the other hand until most all had been cleaned. She ran her fingers through his hair and then down over his shoulders, wiping whatever he hadn't gotten on him. The scent of it remained and every time she caught a whiff it made her smile.

Bobby's cock grew limp after his climax and in another few it shrank to a manageable size for her to get him inside the cage. After a bit of adjusting she fitted the two pieces together and secured the lock once more.

Sharon stood. Bobby was still on his knees.

"If we are going to do this it's going to be on my terms and my terms only."

He nodded.

"We talked tonight as equals but I can't have you if you want to be my peer. You can't ever be my equal. I will only take you back if you serve me as my personal slave. It has to be that way 35. It can't be any other."

"I know."

"Then I need to hear it. You have my permission to speak, so speak!"

Bobby knelt and kissed first one foot and then the other. Sharon watched. "Mistress, I want to be your slave. I want you to own me. I promise to obey and serve you if you will take me back. I'm sorry for my mistakes. They will not happen again. Will you have me?"

"I will take you back on probation. If I like what I see then we can go from there."

He nodded in understanding but didn't like her verdict. She hadn't fully committed and he feared things may not work out after all. That didn't sit well at all.

"Good. We both know the trust you violated will take time to mend. You will need to prove to me you're worthy of me taking you back permanently. Hopefully when temptation comes again, you won't hesitate to make the right choice."

She knelt and looked into his eyes. He looked away but she cupped his chin forcing his eyes to meet hers. "If you violate my trust again we are through. I don't want to even think about losing you but you will have given me no other choice. I won't ever cheat on you 35. All I want is the same in return."

"I'll only worship you," he whispered.

"And you will be the only man I own if you hold true to those words."

She smiled. He returned hers with one of his own.

"Now go to your cage. You need to earn your way back inside. I'm going to bed."

Bobby walked over to the familiar enclosure and fitted himself into the cramped space. Sharon watched, making sure he closed and locked the door. When he was secured she headed to bed and fell asleep finally feeling content and at peace for the first time in several days.


A Tennessee Education Pt. 04
byKatiekatsman©

Bobby is offered a chance at redemption

In the fourth of seven parts we find Bobby having to pay penance for a poorly made decision that nearly cost him his relationship. Sharon, his mistress has choices to make and decides to do things her way rather than follow the ways of her mentor but finds she still needs both the wisdom and connections Mariko has to offer. The story is of course fantasy and is one in which female dominance/femdom is advocated. If female dominance/male submission or man subjugated to slavery is not your cup of tea you will not want to read further. If it is, I hope you enjoy the read. Before you read here, please read the previous parts as each section builds on the one previous.

*****

A Tennessee Education

Part 4: Second Chances

At East Riverton Sharon sent 35 to the conference room giving him an assignment that would take him until lunch. She walked briskly into the office and knocked on Mariko's door. She knew this was not going to be a pleasant conversation but nevertheless, it needed to happen. Upon seeing her Mariko shook her head in disappointment but motioned for her to be seated. Sharon chose to stand.

"Let me speak," Sharon said, "before you condemn me."

"I'm listening." Mariko knew they would eventually talk and admired Ms. Ashby for having the courage to seek her out immediately. Although she vehemently disagreed with her decision to free Bobby she had come to admire the character of this new friend. She listened with guarded interest.

"As I said in the email, I couldn't go through three more weeks of beatings. I just couldn't. Anyway, after I released him I decided I needed some perspective and spent the weekend with one of my sisters. We talked for hours. I realized I wanted him as my slave. Fortunately he was there when I returned and we've come to an understanding."

A thin smile graced Mariko's face. "That's nice to hear," she said cautiously.

"He wanted to come back. He wants to be my slave. I gave him an ultimatum. If it ever happens again that we're done. He understands I'm serious."

"Are you?"

"I am, but I told him that parting is not something I want either. He knows I want a slave and I said I want that slave to be him. I went so far as to say I'd never take another."

Mariko raised an eyebrow at the remark.

"He realizes the commitment works both ways."

"Do you have feelings for him?"

Sharon paused before answering. "Yes and no. I can't say I have romantic feelings for him and that does concern me but I do adore the man and I love having him around to do all that he does. Does that make sense?"

"It does. But to get back to what you were saying, you are telling me all this because?"

"I'm telling you this because you have been an important part of his training. It's good for him to interact with you. You are a Mistress he honestly fears and I want him to see he needs to obey not only me but you too."

"How can I be of help? It looks like you are going to do things your own way Sharon. I hope you know what you are doing."

"I don't know that I do," she said honestly. "What I do know is I can't do it that way. I can't be that brutal to him. I don't mind stretching him but I can't take him that close to his limit." She pushed aside a tear. "And your way is past my limits. I just can't be that kind of Mistress. I just can't."

"I hope your method works, whatever that method is."

"I hope so too. It has to work. I have to train him according to my style. I need to do things my way. I'm sorry if I've disappointed you by not following through with what you wanted."

"Don't worry about disappointing me. Yes I was upset but it wasn't because you stopped with the beating. It was because you had cut the collar. I understand completely about you having to do things your way. I really do Sharon."

"Thank you. I needed to hear you say that."

Mariko smiled warmly. "Thanks for coming so soon to talk. I like you Sharon."

She smiled meekly. "Thank you. I need to talk to you about something else as well."

"What's that?"

"It wasn't just him who messed up last week. It was me too."

"No it wasn't." Mariko stated firmly.

She dismissed her comment. "I'm wondering if I might have played a role in what he did. Even though he made a bad choice I want to be sure I didn't do things or not do things that made him feel as if he had a right to make the choices he did. What I want to ask you is: What else can I do to make him mine? I need to know if there is more I could be doing, Mariko. That's all. I need your advice, or at least I need you to think about it."

"I'll think about it. I'm sure you can do more but I don't think you could have done any more at this point in his training. Certain things need to be established before progressing to others. What you were doing was spot on. That's what you need to remember."

"Thank you. I needed to hear that." She took another deep breath and sat, "OK, let me hear it."

Mariko let out a hearty laugh. "Hear what?"

"Hear about all the mistakes I made by letting him go."

"You humor me Ms Ashby. In fact, you astound me. I admire the way you have gotten him back and I commend you for it." She paused, and then added, "But I don't think you should have released him."

"I know you don't, but I did."

"And you made the best of it and you got him back so what happened is water under the bridge. It can't be changed."

"It was Bobby who initiated us getting back together, not me."

"Well there isn't a chance in a million I'll ever congratulate him, even if he did do the right thing. He is a slave; and a new one too. He needs to be treated like one. It's the only way they learn. I'll commend you but not him. Not yet anyway."

Sharon listened intently. "That's why I want you to be a part of his life. The more people that can reinforce obedience and humility the better my chances are of really reforming his thought processes and values. I want him to want me. I mean really want me."

"You are a joy to talk with," Mariko said. "The best mistresses have emotional attachments to their slaves. A bond in which you both express mutual needs, albeit opposite ones, makes for the best slaves and the happiest of women."

"That's what I'm counting on. I do have feelings for him. Not romantic ones and I don't know how much I really adore him but I do like him quite a bit; at least as my slave."

Mariko beamed. Sharon realized just how beautiful she was when she put the serious part of her personality aside and let people see this side.

"I'm happy to be a part of his training. Send him in here sometime when you're ready. I need my feet worshipped."

"Thank you Mariko. I'm glad we are friends."

"Me too; now I need to get back to work," she insisted.

"So do I. I have a lot of catching up to do." She stood feeling so much better as she returned to the conference room than she did just a few minutes before.

She checked her email and smiled. She couldn't help but smile as she thought how nice it was to know she'd have her slave back under her desk once more.

When Sharon opened her computer she saw the familiar email address and read:

Dear Sis,

Thanks for taking the time to come and visit. It was so good t see you. I don't know that I was of any help sorting out your guy problems - or should I say 'slave problems'. LOL. Seriously though, I'll keep our conversation between the two of us. I don't think Mom is ready to hear that the guy you're with doesn't wear clothes most of the time :)

Don't wait so long before you come back again. You know, Texas needs the two of us girls back together. Maybe next time you can bring your guy and let me see what it's like to be treated like a queen. (I really would love to meet him.)

Love ya,

Deb.

How nice it was to have a sibling that really listened and really understood and most of all who never judged. Oh, how she wished she could enjoy a relationship with a guy too. Why she didn't she couldn't understand but then again, she couldn't identify with the pain and fear she experienced when her X had let those men use her as they did. Sharon's eyes started tearing up again. How many times had she cried in the past week? Too many, but then again, maybe all this was needed to get her head back in the proper frame of mind. She wrote a short reply to Deb and then opened the Excel spreadsheet she needed to review.

During the week that followed Ms. Ashby reinstituted the previous routines. Thirty-five remained naked except while in public. She returned to dropping him off and picking him up at a remote location but changed it to a nearby bus stop. The distance was further and required him to jog to and from work. It was also in a public area so others could easily see her putting him in and letting him out of her trunk. While at work, she sent him to Mistress Mariko daily for foot worship, made him eat from his dog bowl and only once let him worship her feet. At home the cage became his sleeping abode, despite the cooler weather. As uncomfortable as it was to spend the night naked with temperatures dropping into the 50's Sharon resisted the temptation to bring him inside. On Friday she even kept him locked in the cage until Sunday morning. As soon as she let him out she presented him with a long list of chores that took him until almost midnight before he finished. Throughout the entire day she inspected and critiqued his work, making him redo things even if they were done perfectly. When he finished, long after she had turned in for the night, he followed her instructions, letting himself back into the cage.

After work each evening he cooked her dinner. While she ate, he worked. After dinner she drilled him in both present and worship positions; made him do calisthenics and generally had him do a physical workout before sending him out for the night. Her rationale of course was to reestablish dominance. She needed him to know intrinsically that the playing field was not level; that she was the entitled one and he was nothing in comparison. She knew now, better than before, that this was going to take some time but time was no longer her enemy. She had learned from the past hiccup. Besides, she had been able to see into his heart that evening on the porch. He had stated his intentions and they fortunately meshed with hers. Habits, rituals, routines and constant reminders of her dominance became her modus operandi.

The one change she made was genital play. While he stood or knelt in present position, she spent time each evening fondling his balls, needling the end of his cock with a fingernail and generally enjoying making him swell within the miniscule cage that encapsulated him. This was his treat, but she came to look forward to it just as much. Someday she'd let him out but now as not the time. He need more time to conform and strengthen his resolve to serve. "Lift and lower his spirit. Eventually his will become mine and I will have him forever." Those words, although paraphrased from the author who penned them became a constant reminder. She thought of them often and used the principles contained in that wisdom to remain strong.

The strict structure of his day brought about immediate changes that she quickly recognized. She could see the change in his demeanor. He became more deferential. He spoke more respectfully. She could feel the adoration in his behavior and words. She liked what she saw and Mariko made comments confirming her observation. He was moving in the right direction. She kept up with the current structure throughout the remainder of October and into November. The only addition was a blanket for him to curl up inside at night, although even with it, she still found him shivering on most mornings. The jolt of the morning hose down continued to be the first thing he endured at the start of every day. Sharon could see that the honeymoon period during their back-step conversation, after she flew back from Dallas had long since past. He was back into a slave mentality and had done well. It was time to reward him and claim him once more.

Sharon and Mariko took time to enjoy a quiet lunch at the Lazy K the week prior to Thanksgiving. Sharon had put talking to her about something long enough. She needed her advice. After their meal, Mariko ordered two Summer Shandies. It was a beer Sharon had never tasted but found refreshing and quite enjoyable. And so over those drinks Sharon posed the question, "What more should I be doing?"

"Do you remember me telling you some time ago that men think with their genitals?"

Sharon smiled broadly. "If I'm not mistaken I believe you said that in this very place."

"I think you're right. I had forgotten." She took another sip of her drink before continuing. "One of the easiest and probably the most essential way to keep a man committed is to use his sexuality against him."

"Against him?"

"Well, not really against him but because men will do anything for sex, it is well known in Mistress-slave circles that a slave can be easily controlled and kept quite content in the process."

"So why didn't you tell me to focus on that instead of all the disciplinary stuff? Wouldn't it have been the easier path?"

"It wouldn't have worked. Discipline is the foundational trait that all men need to learn. Once that's been established discipline can be maintained, and even encouraged using sex. I'm not saying you won't need to tie him to cross again and give him a good lashing. You need to keep doing that whenever he disobeys. He needs to know you can and will hurt him if he crosses established lines. But as you alter his thinking and he becomes more malleable to your will you can substitute a good dose of sex-play for the physical hardships you've readily imposed.

Mariko took another sip, set the beer down and leaned forward, "So, with that said, when are you going to start enjoying that man's tongue. I've been using my feet as a training tool but when are you going to take over?"

"I let him worship my feet every now and then," she said innocently.

"Sharon, there are times when you simply amaze me with your insight, and intuition and smarts; and then there are other times when I wonder how you made it through life all these years without considering certain things. As brilliant as you are you can be equally naïve too."

"And this must be one of those other times?" She blushed amidst a bright smile.

"One of the greatest joys a man can give a woman is oral pleasure," she paused. "But I'm not talking about foot worship. I'm talking about pussy worship."

Sharon scanned the area, making sure others did not hear her comment.

"Oh hell woman who gives a shit if people are listening? Every woman in here feels exactly the same. Look, you asked me for advice and this is my advice. Teach him to lick your pussy and satisfy you sexually."

Sharon squirreled up her nose and bit her lip. "Mariko," she said leaning forward and speaking softly, "I've never had anyone lick me and I've only had sex once!"

"Sharon, did you forget that you are the Mistress and he is your slave? There is nothing to be worried about. You make him do what you want and he will do it. You shouldn't even be thinking twice about making him serve you in this way. If you want something you get it. That's the life of a mistress, girlfriend."

"But I've never done it," she said again.

"Well then you are in for the treat of your life." She smiled broadly. "Tell you what, do you want to come and see how it's done?"

"Watch someone lick you? Absolutely not!"

"Not me, my daughter. Do you remember her?"

"I don't want to watch her Mariko. What's wrong with you? I haven't even met the woman!" Sharon's voice rose in pitch.

"You don't understand. Kamelah is a part of my mission. She helps train males - at least all the single ones and many of the married ones too. And she loves to have her pussy licked. She loves it so much she serves as one of the volunteers that train the single ones how to please with their tongue."

"You're joking right?"

"No! I'm dead serious. In fact she has slaves eat her pussy most every day. She could care less if you or anyone else stopped in watch her teach."

"You're serious!"

"Of course I'm serious. I'd be happy to teach you too but this might a less uncomfortable way of learning since you don't know her."

"Mariko, I just..."

"Look, think about it and if you want to meet up with her you can. You can even bring your slave. Every guy she teaches eats her blindfolded and she'd expect the same from 35. He will hear but he won't see anything."

"Now that's a thought." She paused contemplating her offer. "It's really that good?"

"It's better than good. Oral sex is god's gift to women. You don't need to worry about him getting his goo on you; you don't have to be concerned with reaching an orgasm before he comes and loses his hard on; you don't even need to endure him lying on top of you. You just put him between your legs or sit on his face and tell him to lick."

"What do you like most about it?" Her interest obviously piqued.

"Oh girl, there's a million things I like about it but one of the best parts is that I can come ten times if I want or I can have him eat me five times in a day if I'm feeling horny. It's the perfect way for a woman to enjoy sex. She can be treated as often and as much as she wants it and there's no pressure for her to perform. He does all the work and I enjoy all the pleasure. And besides, the fact that he's down there pleasing me reinforces the fact that his job is service. I have someone over most nights of the week and I never tire of being eaten."

"And I've been missing out all these years!" She said playfully.

"Yes you have." Mariko smiled. "Give it some thought and if you decide you want to watch you know I'm only a phone call."

"Thank you Mariko. You are the best!"

Mariko smiled and handed Sharon the bill. "Here's my fee for the advice."

...

On Thanksgiving morning after having 35 serve her breakfast she laid out her plans for the day.

"After you are through cleaning up I want to do something special."

Thirty-five's ears perked. "Thank you Mistress."

"I'm going to have you collared."

Bobby grinned widely. "Does this mean my probationary period is over?"

"No 35 it does not."

He immediately felt an empty pit in his gut. "What was he not doing that kept her from gaining trust in him? Was his screw up really that big?" He thought.

"Like with the first collar, I'm going to have it dated and stamped like before but instead of the September date I'm going to use the October date - the day you recommitted yourself to me."

"May I speak freely Mistress?"

"Speak!"

"I think you should use the date when Mistress Komatzu gave you to me. That's when I became your slave and you became my Mistress."

"I hadn't considered that but I like that. Do you know the date?"

"I'm sure I can figure it out."

"You do that. I'll think about it." She continued, "I'm also going to stamp you with the same slave number just so there's no confusion with Mistress Mariko's numbering system."

"Yes Ma'am."

"I want you to think if there is anything you want engraved on your collar. You know," she paused, "something you think I might like. If you come up with something, just tell the metalworker."

"Don't you want to approve it first if I do have something to add?"

"Normally yes, but in this case no. I want you to come up with something yourself."

"I'm afraid to make a mistake."

"You don't need to have him put anything on it if you don't want to. I'm simply giving you the option."

"Thank you."

"Afterward I thought you and I might take a drive. School is closed and we do have a long weekend to enjoy. Kind of like a mini vacation."

"Where do you want to go?"

"I have an idea. But let's see how the morning goes."

An hour later Sharon drove to Mistress Linda's home. Her slave, of course, was Charlie, the metal worker. Sharon had made arrangements some days ago and this time suited Linda best. Thirty-five was let out of the trunk and followed his Mistress standing in deference to the two women as they briefly conversed inside. Linda pointed to the backyard indicating where his shop was and Mistress sent 35 on his way with instructions to wait by the back door when through.

When Bobby entered the shop, Charlie put down his tools. He had been crafting a cage. Bobby noted retaining rings of various sizes hanging on nails. Below were cages, all of identical length - the standard 1.5" that Ms. K had established as the norm.

"Are you getting ready for Christmas?" Bobby said casually, nodding to his work.

Charlie smiled. "The thing is, by Christmas most of these will be locked on some slaves' cock."

"They are being converted at that rate?" Counting, he estimated Charlie had at least 30 cages constructed.

"About one a day. That's what I figure. I keep pretty busy making them. Word has been getting out in the past year. I think it has to do with the women's group. The Mistresses talk and other women are starting to listen. They take note how their slaves act and, well, things happen after that."

"I love being Mistress Sharon's slave."

"Doesn't seem like that to me."

"What makes you say that?"

"The fact that I have to do this again. I've only collared a few guys twice. You're on thin ice if you ask me."

Bobby felt a torrent of guilt engulf him. "I am hoping that because I'm here it's a good sign. I want to be hers. I really do."

"Sounds like you aren't sure if she feels the same."

"I'm not sure. That's what bothers me."

"Then do more. Serve her until it hurts. You can't make her decide but you can persuade her by how you act. If I were you I'd do everything she ever asked and then some. Now come here. Let's get this done."

Bobby let Charlie take measurements, and size the collar. He thought about what he had said. Knowing his collar number was in the 400's was important to Bobby. He had lived this life for years and probably knew what he was talking about. He was trying to do everything Mistress had asked but hearing Charlie's point of view reinforced what his gut was telling him that he needed to be the perfect slave. And that was what he wanted most; to be all hers and feel her ownership.

Before the collar was shaped Bobby told him the date, slave number and phrase to engrave on the steel rod.

"Are you sure that's a good idea?" He said not looking up from his work.

"It was Mistress' idea. She told me I could have you add whatever I wanted.

"I like it." He smiled. "Remember these words man. Don't disappoint her."

"I won't. And thanks for being so honest. I appreciate it."

...

Mistress Sharon drove alone. She knew this was going to be an interesting next few hours but she felt like they both needed this. A little before 2 PM she pulled into the parking lot of an old country store. The store was closed, probably because it was Thanksgiving. Most of the shops and stores around her were empty today. This was a day like Christmas in which family's spent time together. She smiled sadly thinking of the family gathering she was missing in Oklahoma. Deb had flown north and she knew everyone else would be there too. She would have too except not being there. There was no way she was going to leave 35 alone. She told Deb who she knew would relay the news to the rest of her kin. "Maybe later she'd call home and say hi to Mom and Dad," she said to herself.

She banged on the hood. "Get dressed. You have two minutes."

Sharon felt the car suddenly move as he squirmed into his clothes. This really was country. She could hear the birds chirping and insects in the nearby trees and overgrowth. Pulling out her purse she checked her makeup. After a touch-up and a quick brushing of her brunette hair she opened the hatch. Thirty-five squinted as sunlight hit his dilated pupils.

"Where are we?"

She didn't answer. He looked around. When he saw the store she smiled.

"Randolf? We're in Randolf!"

"Yep, your place is right down the road."

"Yea it is."

"Comb your hair." She handed him a brush. "I texted your mom yesterday."

"What? You did? How did you get her cell?"

"I used your phone." She watched for his reaction. To his credit he didn't react. "Anyway, she thinks you texted her and that's going to be your story. Do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Good. I told her you wanted to come for dinner and that you were bringing someone very special. She asked who but you said you wanted it to be a surprise."

He smiled. "Well it's going to be."

"Don't disappoint me 35. If you do, you know the consequences."

Adrenaline pumped through his body as a thousand different scenarios, both known and unknown ran through his mind. He had no clue she would ever bring him here. It was one thing for Jasmine to bring him home and quite another for Mistress to take him to his parents. "How am I going to handle this? What else hasn't she told me?" He was nearing an anxiety attack when she interrupted his thoughts.

She could see he was stressed. "Would you rather go home 35?"

That's when it hit him. Clarity came and almost immediately his mind was awash with calm. She was beautiful. Standing there wearing dark pants and a pretty top under a white cardigan he saw her once more for who she was. "No Mistress," he said confidently. "I'm glad you did this. It will be good for my parents to meet you."

She smiled brightly, her expression making her appear even more beautiful. She observed his apparent anxious demeanor for only a few seconds before it suddenly vanished. "That's nice to know."

He brushed his slacks clean of a few lint balls.

"What were you just thinking?" She asked.

"How beautiful you look."

"What was going through your head just before I told you we could go home?"

"Lots of things. Mostly how things were going to go with my folks."

"We can still head back north."

"I know but I told them we'd be there and I want you to meet them."

Mistress smirked, "As you wish slave."

Ten minutes later they stood on the back steps of the old three-story home. It was an older home and similar to all the others in this old country hamlet. Bobby had told her the basic layout: four bedrooms upstairs and an attic above that. The first floor had a similar floor-plan as her home with a living and dining room and kitchen and back utility room.

Bobby knocked on the back door, the door commonly used by those that came and went. Yelling he let himself and Mistress in and once inside their olfactory senses was assaulted with the heavenly smells of home cooked food. "Smells great mom," he yelled.

"Bobby hugged his mother and introduced his guest. "Mom, Mistress Sharon."

His mother looked at him questioningly not sure she heard him correctly.

Sharon extended her hand. "Sharon Ashby ma'am. I've heard lots of good things about you."

"Call me Gail," she said pleased. She looked at Sharon and then Bobby, placing them side by side in her mind and grinned. She thought how nice it was to see her son with a nice girl his age finally.

A few seconds later his father came down the stairs. He was in his sixties and somewhat rotund with thinning gray hair. His eyes were blue and alert. "Who'd you bring with you Bobby? She's a pretty one."

"Walter!" Gail scolded gently.

"Dad, I want you to meet Mistress Sharon."

"Sorry Bobby, what was the name?"

Sharon extended her hand, "Sharon Ashby, Mr. Lewis."

"It's a pleasure meeting you Sharon. How long have you two known one another?

"Since early September. Your son and I are working together at the high school."

"Well you sure fund yourself a pretty one Son."

Bobby smiled. "I sure did."

"The food smells wonderful Gail," Sharon said. "Would you like some help?"

"I'd love some. The turkey needs basting."

"Thirty-five, help your mother. Mr. Lewis, can you tell me where your bathroom is?"

Walter and Gail both watched as Bobby opened the oven and examined the bird.

"Mr. Lewis?"

"Oh, pardon my manners; up the steps and straight ahead. You can't miss it."

"Thank you."

As soon as Walter heard the door shut upstairs he grabbed his son by the arm. "What did you call her?"

"And what's with the steel ring around your neck?" His mother asked hurriedly.

Bobby smiled, drizzled more juice over the turkey and stood. "I call her Mistress Sharon. Why?"

"Mistress?" his mom asked aghast.

"Yes, I call her Mistress. Do you have a problem with that? It's not a four letter word as far as I know."

"What kind of girl did you bring home?" Gail hissed in a whispered voice.

"A really nice girl. She's pretty and smart and she likes me. She just expects me to call her Mistress. And so I do."

His parents looked at each other obviously not pleased.

"Mom, she is a wonderful woman and I am so lucky that she has taken to me."

"Is she some kind of feminist or something?" Her dad asked.

"So what's with this?" Gail said pointing to the collar.

"Hi 35, am I interrupting a private conversation?" The room suddenly grew awkwardly quiet as Sharon returned.

"Not at all Mistress. My parents were asking how we met and why I refer to you as I do."

"Nothing wrong with asking about that. Gail and Walter, you've raised quite a charming son."

"And Mom wanted to know about my collar."

"Your collar?" Gail gasped.

Sharon spoke. "Mr. Lewis, when you hear the word Mistress what comes to mind?"

"Uh," he said. "I think of some lady that runs some old English mansion back in the old days."

"Well with your son I am the one in charge. That's why he calls me Mistress. He does what I tell him and that collar is a gift I gave him to remind him that I am."

Gail asked quietly, "Bobby said you were brought up in the church."

"I was; all my life."

"Is all this biblical? I mean, it sounds like it's all backward to me."

For the past two weeks, Sharon had been planning this get together and she knew conversations like this were bound to occur. In particular she knew this inquiry, in one form or another was going to be asked and so she was prepared. Taking her time she digressed a bit, talking about various biblical characters and stories and eventually brought her remarks around to the very passage she knew they'd use against her. She did so in such a way as to give them no recourse but remain silent.

"That's why the collar is engraved with a number. See, look here," she pointed to the number while Bobby bent down." It's a number marking him as a slave. Kind of like how Jesus told us we should be slaves to our Father in Heaven."

"Sharon!" Gail gasped.

"Stand up son!" His father commanded.

Sharon gently pressed her hand on 35's shoulder while she addressed Gail. Thirty-five dare not move.

"I'm sorry we can't see eye to eye but I hope you can see that 35 is very happy. He wanted you to meet me and I very much enjoy his service. I just reminded him not to long ago that if he ever wanted to leave I wouldn't ever get in his way. "He's still here," she said patting is head. "Stand." she said quietly.

"Dad, you didn't mention the verse after the one you told Mistress."

"What verse?" he said indignantly.

"The one that says husbands are to love their wives to the point of death - like how Jesus loved people."

"But you aren't her husband."

"I know that but neither is she my wife."

His father glared at him; his nostrils flaring in anger.

"Dad I am not doing anything wrong by submitting to her."

"Submitting! What the hell can't you see? Men don't submit. Women do!"

Gail gasped. "Walter. How dare you say that? You know better than say I submit to you."

"What are you talking about?" He said.

"You know that we work as a team. I never vowed to obey you when we married. We deliberately kept that word out of our marriage vows."

The air hung thick with tension. Having been backed into a corner Walter changed the subject. "So where are you living Bobby? Did you have any trouble finding a place to live? That area where you work has quite a high crime rate."

"I'm not living in the city. Mistress and I live about a half-hour away. She has a nice home in Maple Grove."

"Oh god!" he exclaimed.

"So you two are living together." Gail said disapprovingly.

Sharon replied, "Gail, if you are worried that we are sleeping together let me assure you we aren't. We don't even sleep on the same floor."

"And we've never even kissed!" Bobby said grinning oddly.

"No, I guess we haven't. Hmmm, I never even gave that much thought," Sharon observed.

"So she's not your girlfriend?" Walter asked.

"Walter!" Gail chirped once more. "My husband asks the most intrusive questions sometimes. I apologize for that."

"Gail. It's really not a big deal. I don't mind you asking and I know your son doesn't."

"OK then," Walter said, "is she your girl?"

"No dad, she's my Mistress." He let the words hang a moment. "And I'm her slave - Thirty-five. Remember?"

Sharon watched Walter do his best to not explode. She wondered how many times he'd have his values challenged before he truly lost it.

Gail wasn't convinced Sharon was telling the truth. "Bobby, is she being honest with me?"

"Yes Mom. Of course she is."

"I mean about the no sex part."

Sharon grabbed Bobby's crotch and squeezed. He didn't flinch. "Gail, we can't have sex. I have him locked up inside a steel cage. He's pure. That's biblical isn't it? Purity, I mean."

Gail and Walter both gasped. It was just too much to process and the conversation for the past twenty minutes made Thanksgiving seem light years away. Sharon had chosen her words well. After all, the bible did teach purity and here was the very assurance that Bobby would remain so. Gail's jaw hung open. She had no words to respond.

Walter asked, "Is the food about ready Gail"

"Oh my gosh! I forgot about the food. Yes it is. Everything is ready to eat and you know how I am about not letting good food wait."

"Amen to that. Get the show on the road Gail!" Walter ordered.

"Gail?" Sharon asked taking her by the arm. "How about you and I have a seat at the table and we let these two capable men put the food in bowls and platters. I'm sure you've been the one slaving away all morning."

Everyone looked at everyone else. Gail finally spoke. "That sounds like a Thanksgiving tradition I could begin enjoying."

"Then let it begin now," Sharon said as the ladies watched the buys walk slowly into the kitchen.

Walter scowled at his son. "What kind of woman did you drag in here?"

"She's the best thing that has ever happened to me dad. Don't go judging her. I've never met anyone like her."

"Neither have I," he hissed. "That's what concerns me. Look at us. We're in the kitchen and they are in there relaxing."

"And Mom and Mistress love it. Isn't it nice we can do this for them?"

Walter didn't have an answer. He kept spooning out the stuffing from the bird while Bobby cut the meat, separating the white from the dark into two piles.

Sharon and Bobby left several hours later. The conversation moved away from the younger couples' relationship and on to other subjects. Sharon told of her upbringing and found Walter to be quite interested in her tales about life on the ranch. The two of them talked and talked and Sharon found his fascination with ranch life humorous. They must have spent an hour on that subject alone. Sharon realized 35's dad really did have a enthrallment with the wild, wild, west although Sharon did her best to let him know it wasn't anywhere like it was portrayed on old TV westerns.

Gail dug out the old photo albums and soon the four of them were huddled together. Sharon listened while the Lewis family reminisced of trips, vacations and significant events they shared during the past thirty or so years. Walter even had Gail pull out their album, the one containing photos of them when they were in high school. Sharon learned they had known one another as kids and married as soon as they were both eighteen.

It was the hours conversing after the intense pre-dinner conversation when Gail and Walter really got to see the side of Sharon; the side that Bobby loved. Later that evening after they had left Gail and Walter spoke of her intellect, her attention to detail, the way she kept Bobby close and how charming and interesting she was. Walter made mention at least ten times how pretty she was and even laughed that she kept Bobby locked. They struggled with the whole Mistress-slave thing but could see they did share a genuine friendship they couldn't help but admire.

Waving goodbye from the front porch Mr. and Mrs. Lewis watched their son and girlfriend leave. They watched once more in horror as Sharon opened the trunk and their son climbed in. Upon locking the door Sharon blew them a kiss and settled herself into the driver seat, waving goodbye as she backed out. She didn't smile but inwardly she was about to explode with laughter as she caught their reaction. For Sharon it was the perfect way to end their stay and she felt abundantly proud of her slave. "One down; one to go," she said quietly.

...

"Don't undress," Sharon had told 35 as he climbed into the trunk.

Thirty-five wondered where they were going next. Obviously it must be somewhere public. "Why else the unusual order?" he thought.

When she next opened the lid the parking lot was immediately recognizable. He got out quickly and she snapped a leash onto his collar.

"Let's go have a drink or two." I want to meet some of your friends." Sharon said. She thought once more about her modus operandi, "Push him. Take him out of his comfort zone. Make him realize he is owned not just privately but publically." She wondered which would be harder, time with family or time with friends. He had gone above and beyond her expectations with his folks. This would be another test.

Thirty-five looked at her curiously. "Permission to speak," she said.

"Do I have permission to speak at will again - like you gave me at home?"

"Home? Home is with me."

Thirty-five grinned. "I mean at my parents."

"Permission granted. But remember. I'm not your friend," her eyes suddenly penetrating. "I'm your Mistress."

"Always."

"Let's go." She tugged on his leash and led him inside.

For a Thanksgiving evening, the place was surprisingly busy. Bobby spotted several familiar faces within seconds. Sharon marched him to the bar and ordered two beers. Bobby greeted the bartender casually but received an odd look in return. It was the leash and he knew it.

"Let's find a table slave," she said loud enough for anyone nearby to hear. Several heads turned and soon most all watched as she marched with him in tow to the far side of the room and sat.

Bobby waved to several but remained seated at their table. Focusing his attention on her they talked about their visit with his parents. She commended him for being such an obedient slave.

"Do you mind being leashed, slave?"

"No. I understand what you are doing."

She smiled devilishly. "And what is that?"

He sipped his beer. "I think you are marking me as yours to all my friends."

"Maybe I am. I hadn't thought of it quite that way but I guess it's doing that too." She looked around the bar. "So, you don't mind having this on?" she yanked on the leather strap playfully.

"No Mistress. Earlier today I realized just how much I am yours. That's what made my time at my parents so easy. I belong to you and there is no shame in that."

Sharon smiled. "Was that a hard decision to make?"

"For about ten seconds it was agony and then I suddenly saw things for what it was and all the internal tension left. Like I told my folks, there is no shame in being yours. I want to be yours and I wanted my parents to get to know you - and me as your slave" he added, "for who we are. It really was pretty easy after that; real easy in fact."

"Easier for you than for your parents." she laughed.

"I'm sure they will talk about today for the next month."

"And tell their friends?"

"Not a chance. It's going to take them time to deal with everything we hit them with."

"Maybe when we see them again it will be easier."

"Hey Bobby, who is the pretty woman?" called Willie.

"Hey bro, how's it going? This is Mistress."

"Say what?"

"Mistress, Mistress Sharon."

Willie looked at him curiously. Sharon extended her hand thinking, "Here we go again."

"Pleased to meet you Willie. Your friend Bobby calls me Mistress because I own him now. See the collar?" She pulled the leash tight so he could see what it was attached to. "He's a marked man; he's my man."

Willie listened but was slow to comprehend. He couldn't help but see the leash and steel ring around his boyhood friends' neck. His thoughts remained only his. A moment later a woman walked up beside and introduced herself as Lucy, Willies wife.

"I like the collar Bobby. Need to get me one like it for my man." She kissed him on the cheek and introduced herself. Bobby introduced Sharon to her and soon the two women were talking. Lucy had a pretty face and Sharon could tell at one time she was probably quite attractive. Most likely her body had succumbed to too much fried food and having to nurse babies. She could see the added weight didn't do anything to flatter her and the drooping boobs were a bit premature for a girl of her age.

Sharon laughed at her remark. "Just let me know when you want Willie to become his twin and I'll send a guy down here. He'll be happy to corral another out of control man. And I'll buy a leash just for you! It will be my pleasure to do so."

Lucy giggled and took a long pull from a Bud Lite. "Seriously, what's going on here? You're just joking around with the collar and leash thing right?"

Sharon knew the answer she was expecting. She'd probably never seen a collared and leashed man in her life. "Thirty-five, answer Lucy's question."

"She's not joking. Like I told Willie just before you came; Sharon is my Mistress, and I'm her slave."

"What the fuck!" Willie yelled. "What happened to the blonde chick? What the fuck!" He said again walking away before returning once more.

"Willie," Sharon asked. "Does Lucy ever tell you what to do?"

"All the fucking time. What's that got to do with anything?"

Unfazed by his tirade she pressed on, "And do you do what she says?"

"He better. He knows what's good for him if he don't." Lucy added.

"Willie, is that how it is at home?" Sharon pressed.

"Yea; why?"

"Cause that means you got yourself a Mistress too. You just didn't know you did."

"Hell I do. I'll beat the bitch if she ever put something like that around my neck."

"It be the last dam day you ever slept in my bed," Lucy said now getting irritated at his remark. "You ever lay a hand on me and you're gone."

Sharon could see Lucy was no pushover. This woman could stand toe to toe with him any day. Willie didn't speak. Sharon did. "My point is this Willie. Someone always makes a final decision in any relationship. Your friend Bobby here simply told me that he wanted me to make all of them. In my mind that makes him my slave and in his mind it makes me his Boss. He just calls me Mistress instead but it's all the same."

"So why the leash?" his voice now more composed.

"Cause I thought it be good for all his friends to see that I am his boss. Made my point with you now didn't I?" She smirked and looked so beautiful doing so.

"Missy girl," Lucy said. "Where you from?"

"Oklahoma. Raised on a ranch. I grew up a cowgirl. Country girl just like you."

"I like you. I'm going to have to talk to my girlfriends and tell'em bout you."

Sharon wrote her cell number on the beer coaster. "Call me any time you want to talk. I really can get that guy I told you about to come down and stick a collar him.

"C'mon Lucy, let's go play some pool." Willie pulled her by the arm. He didn't want his wife getting any creepy ideas from the chick that had already sunk her claws into one of his best friends.

"Nice meet'in ya'll." Lucy said waving the coaster as she headed off.

It took two hours and several more similar conversations before she finally showed. Sharon hadn't seen her enter but when she saw Bobby's eyes widen she knew she was here.

"I'm going to visit the ladies room slave." She never turned to see why he reacted. She didn't need to. Locking the leash through one of her chair spindles she hopped off the bar seat and left. After a lengthy absence she returned. Bobby sat alone. She wondered what had transpired.

"Did you see my slave," she said to the curvy blonde.

"Excuse me, what did you say?"

Sharon extended her hand. "You must be Jasmine. I'm Sharon Ashby. I'm Bobby Lewis' Mistress."

She motioned with her head in his direction and they both turned to look his way. "I own him. Thought you'd want to know that."

Jasmine grabbed Sharon by the arm to pull her out of the crowd. Sharon slapped her arm. "Get your hands off me," her voice sounding stern and confident.

"Sorry, I wanted to talk to you privately."

"I've got nothing to hide. What's up?"

"You can't do this to a guy. I mean, you can't do that to Bobby."

"Why not Jasmine?"

"Are you the one that locked that thing over his cock too?"

"No. Another woman did but she didn't want him and so she gave him to me." She pulled out the key resting between her breasts and fondled the chain. "See, I have the key now."

"Lady, you can't keep him locked."

"Like I said before, what's it to you? I do all kinds of things to him."

"Because I want him." she said finally.

"Come on," Sharon grabbed Jasmine's arm and nudged her in the direction of Bobby. She noted how perfectly she was built. Mostly it was her breasts. Her C's didn't compare to Jasmine's massive orbs. But she was taller than the blonde and Sharon figured her legs were probably better looking. Jasmine didn't have everything over her. And besides, rumor had it that her IQ probably didn't reach a three-digit figure so she had nothing to worry about.

When they reached Bobby Sharon said, "Did you two get a chance to talk yet?"

"Yes Mistress, we did."

"Jasmine tells me she doesn't like you all collared and caged but I told her I owned you and that was that." Sharon looked first at 35 and then at Jasmine before continuing. "So what do you want Jasmine? Here he is. Do you want to ask my slave anything? I'll make him tell you the truth. If he lies and I find out I'll beat the shit out of him."

Jasmine's eyes widened. She reached out to touch his cheek but Sharon pulled her hand away. "I didn't say you could touch my slave."

"May I?" her voice sheepish.

"Sure."

She did. "Does she really beat you?"

Bobby nodded.

"And you let her?"

"She ties me to a big cross in her basement first. I have no choice."

"Why do you stay with her?"

"Because," he looked at Mistress while answering Jasmine, "Because I love her."

"Oh Bobby, I wanted you so bad. Why her?"

"Because she owns me and like I said. I love Mistress."

Jasmine burst into tears. "You, you bitch. I hate you. Someday I'll repay you for all of this."

"Be careful woman. Be very careful."

"I hate you!" she yelled and ran off in the direction of the ladies room.

Sharon swallowed hard trying to remain composed. Thirty five had delivered the knockout punch to her rival. He professed his choice and done so with both of them standing there. She knew that what he said wouldn't sit well with Jasmine and she reacted as Sharon had expected. And although Jasmine really wasn't her arrival she remained a threat; a threat in that she might try to rock the boat at some later point.

Pushing her hateful words aside she remembered what 35 had said, "He loves me!" That surprised her. "Where did the love-word come from?" She hadn't realized he had that degree of affection toward her. She liked the level of commitment he professed but she couldn't say in all honesty that love was any part of what she felt toward him. More like pleased or satisfied or powerful or some other word that conveyed power was how she'd describe her feelings.

After staring blankly at nothing in particular she fixed her gaze on 35. He was watching her. She smiled; a bright and beautiful smile.

"Is everything OK Mistress?"

"Let's go 35. You've been a good boy. There's nothing more to be accomplished here."

They left quietly; Mistress Sharon guiding him out using the leash that was bound to her slave. Eyes everywhere followed them until they exited the bar. They left the lights of the par and were immediately enveloped in the darkness of a moonless night. After getting 35 settled she exhaled deeply got herself situated and started the engine. The day had gone better than she could have guessed. What she couldn't dismiss was her disposition. She was finally feeling like a mistress; and that felt really good. Most of that had to do with his attitude but as she pulled out onto the road and headed north she couldn't escape the knowledge that she was a part of it all.

She had brought him here to test his resolve and he passed that test easily. He never backtracked when his parents challenged him. He never let anyone talk down to her without defending her. He served her valiantly. He adored her through both intense and lighthearted conversations. He deferred always and the feelings that came from seeing him so dependent and so happy to be dependent pleased her more than she at first realized. But she demonstrated more resolve and tenacity than she thought possible. She giggled when thinking back to some of the things she had said to Gail and Walter. She couldn't believe she had grabbed his cage and challenged Gail's judgmental attitude when she had insinuated they were sleeping together. And then to stand up to Willie, and later JT and even Jasmine, well it was the perfect way to end their stay in Randolf.

...

Shar,

Happy Thanksgiving! Miss you. Hope I'm not bothering you two love birds but I think I found the website that your Asian lady runs. Typed in Riverton TN and then a few keywords and eventually found what I think is hers. I'm sure you are probably wondering why I even did that. Truth is I still have guy issues even though my shrink tells me I'm fine. I am still scared. I can't get close to guys in fear that something bad might happen. The memories are still there. Not often but every now and again. (As if you don't know this already. Why am I telling you? LOL You know about all my hang-ups.)

Anyway, I wondered if dating a guy that couldn't hurt me might work. You know, a guy like you have. They seem pretty safe. At least yours does. Still not sure but it makes me wonder. I just wanted to write really. It gets lonely working the market from home all the time even if the place I have here is in a beautiful spot. I pasted the link to her site below and attached a few pics from the deck just to make you jealous.

Write soon,

Love ya,

Deb

Thirty-five had been standing at the foot of her bed for some time. Sharon had been down stairs catching up on emails and sorting through mail. Mistress had told him to strip and go there as soon as she had parked the car. When he heard the stairs creek he tightened his present position just a bit more. She came in the room behind him, squeezed his ass and then continued on to the bathroom. When she returned she wore only a short negligee and bikini panties. Pulling down the sheets she climbed on the bed and sat cross-legged facing him. Bobby's eyes remained focused on some unknown point on the spread between them.

"You made me very happy today 35. I want you to know that."

He didn't move but she could see his cage stirring as blood flooded to fill its confines.

"Mostly I felt like a proud Mistress. And I had a lot of fun," she paused. "Thank you 35. This has been a very special Thanksgiving and I am thankful to be the one that owns you."

The room remained perfectly silent. Only the distant cast of a street lamp illuminated the bedroom. She could hardly see him, even though she could almost reach out and touch him. Thirty-five didn't move. However, his thoughts put him someplace between earth and heaven. He had done so much for her; endured such pain and hardship and humiliation. He had done it all for her. Although he still ridiculed himself for being the idiot that gave in to Jasmine almost two months ago, he knew that everything he had endured since then had been worth it. Worth it because of what she had just said. "She is proud of me. She is thankful to own me. She had fun with me. Those are the best words a slave could hear from his mistress," he said to himself.

Sharon got off the bed and pointed to it. "Lay down. Face up. Head right here." She pointed to a spot in the middle. He did as he was told. She slipped out of her panties and climbed back on, straddling his chest and then raising her hips until her pussy, now very wet, was less than an inch above his mouth. "Eat slave."

Thirty-five could barely believe her words. He couldn't believe the sudden turn of events. Lying in her bed! Looking up at her pussy and gazing at the soft, perfectly formed folds! They were smooth and accessible and they were his to serve! He felt her strong thighs and calves pressing against either side of his body! He couldn't believe what he was seeing. Looking up he saw her slender figure, the front of her nightie hanging away from her tight abdomen and knowing there were full breasts keeping the soft material hanging where it was. She was perfect and she had commanded him to please her most intimate part. He thought back to that evening when she first collared him to the ceiling and made him watch her all night. He wanted her then. He wanted her even more every time since then and now he had her. Extending his tongue he drew it softly across her sex. She twitched. He heard her coo. He did it again. She responded in kind. Again he licked; and then again, and then again. Slowly he assumed a rhythm; a soft gentle caring rhythm. He had no idea this was her first time. She had no knowledge that it was his first time either.

Slowly she spread her legs wider, letting him have all of her. Her body twitched and then quivered and then her mind became overwhelmed with how good he felt under her. Her eyes remained closed. She watched his tongue in her mind; watched it lap across the perfectly smooth skin of her shaved sex. She could feel her wetness. At first she was just a little wet but now she felt as if each inner pore of her pussy had opened. She dripped freely and she could hear him sigh with pleasure while gathering each drop into his mouth; savoring it first and eventually swallowing her nectar.

"This feels wonderful, no better than wonderful," she thought. Mariko was right. This was so much better than sex. It was better now because all she thought about was how she felt down there and in there. There was no preoccupation with how he was feeling, no rush in getting to the end, no worry as to who would get there first, no feelings of inferiority guessing if she was good enough for him. No, there was none of that nor would there ever be. It was all about her.

"Oh my, slave you make my body feeeeel soooo good." Her words came slow and languid.

Bobby reveled in her words. She was nothing like that first impression he had of her and so much more than Jasmine could ever be. He knew that now. There was no more doubt in his mind, nor would there ever be. He had now been with both and there was no comparison. Jasmine was needy and insecure and needed to hear him tell her how wonderful she was; how beautiful she was; and how good she made him feel. Mistress was so far beyond that. He could tell intuitively, and rightly so, that what was happening now had nothing to do about him. Her words told it all, "you make me feel so good." It was all about pleasing her; not her worrying about if she was pleasing him. This was about her. He wondered why women loved having a guy go down on them and now he was beginning to understand. It was partly about a woman stepping out of her submissive role and becoming his dominant. It was about reversing society's expected role. It was about her being selfish. It was about him pleasing and in the case of Bobby Lewis, 35 and slave to Mistress Sharon it would always be this way.

When Sharon did open her eyes she realized she was moving her hips. She hadn't even realized. She looked down at her sex and beheld the man there; the handsome man; the competent, strong, intellectual man. Her man! Her slave! Her forever slave! He lay with his mouth open and tongue extended flat against his lower teeth and jaw letting her enjoy the soft wetness of his tongue against her pussy. She could tell he loved it. She loved it more. She quickened her pace; descended more forcefully against his mouth and let the intensity of this first orgasm in over a decade build. She played with his tongue fucking him first this way and then that. Swirling her hips in circles and then gently rose and fell against him while his pointed tongue entered her vagina. That felt incredible, but so did every other movement. She let her feelings build for at least ten minutes until she couldn't enjoy the good any more. She needed to have the great.

"Lick me slave. Make me come." The whispered words belied her feelings. She wanted to scream.

Bobby intensified his movements and soon found those parts of her that brought about the greatest reaction and focused his attention there. A minute later he felt her grab his head with both hands and pull his face into her cunt as she came.

"Oh, oh oh, ooooooohhhhh," she cried out as he reached the crest. And then she exploded. Crying out, she shook. Her body tensed in an all-out spasm. And then her juices erupted, coming in spurts and filling his mouth more than once.

After the climax settled, she too settled, lowering her body flush on his face. She didn't so much think of him as think on what he had just done. Running her fingers through his hair she tried to relax. She was relaxed but she was also so excited.

"Thank you Mariko," she said to no one. "Thank you for giving me this man to train." Sharon arched back resting her palms against his two pelvic bones. She looked down as he returned her gaze. They both smiled. She couldn't see his smile but rather could feel his grin against the skin of her crotch.

"Lick me slave." She giggled as he began. "Get use to those words. You are going to be doing this all the time."

He twiddled his tongue around inside her opening as if to say, "Bring it on!"

Sometime later, Sharon didn't know how long she came once more. Time was not a consideration. She had all the time in the world. After the second explosion she let him treat her to a third and after the third she got up.

"On the floor and worship."

Thirty-five sprung to his feet and bowed, facing the door as she had indicated. She walked behind him and nudged his knees slightly further apart with her toe. Then she probed at the cage. It barely moved. He was erect in that tiny contraption. Only his balls were their normal size and they looked delightful hanging there. Sharon cupped them gently the fondled them for a minute.

"Good slave." She tapped them twice and left the room.

Sharon sat on the sofa with a glass of white wine. The lights remained off and the room dark. She did nothing other than enjoy a glass of white wine and enjoy the moment that just was. The night was not over. She wasn't even sure if was close to being over. When she was good and ready she smiled, set her glass down and returned to the bedroom.

"Stand slave."

Thirty-five stood.

"Permission to speak," she said, "Did you enjoy my pussy."

"Yes Mistress." She could hear the excitement in his voice.

That made her feel good. "I liked you there as well." She stepped back, climbed onto the bed and rested on her back. He watched. Only his eyes moved.

"Do you want to see me naked?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Why slave?"

"Because you are beautiful and I've never seen your breasts."

"Not even that night when I made you stand and I slept naked?"

"No Mistress. The sheet covered you."

"Poor slave," she teased. "I bet you watched me for hours hoping."

"I did." His words remained stiff but his eyes betrayed his excitement.

"Come," she spread her legs apart and pointed to her spot, "I want to feel your tongue against my pussy. Lick me slave. See how fast you can make me come."

He slid onto the bed, belly down and moved to where she had commanded. His tongue started slow but quickly focused on those folds, the inner ones, and her clit that responded so nicely to his touch. Sharon relaxed, extending one arm up and around her head and resting the hand of the other against his head.

Once more this breathtaking feeling of service in the most intimate of ways enraptured her. The feelings, the sensations, the emotions, everything felt so nice. "I can't believe I have someone that will do this on command whenever I dam well please," she thought.

She didn't know what he had done but a moment later she concentrated on nothing else but her cunt. Her body tensed; she arched, pressing her apex into his mouth and came, this time screaming with joy as she did.

Thirty-five didn't stop but kept up the tongue movement even as she climaxed. A second climax came just as the first left, this one more powerful, more mind-blowing than the one before.

"Stop," she said panting. "Stop slave. I need a break."

He kissed her outer lips and rested his head against one of her splayed legs. One hand caressed the other let. She was so beautiful; so very beautiful. He couldn't believe the 'old-fashioned' woman he thought she was back in early September was hiding such an incredible body under those frumpy dresses she use to wear. Little did he realize that in less than 90 days he'd be laying here against tight strong lean legs, shapely hips and wondering just how firm and perky the tits he had not seen yet might be? It was more than he could have dreamed of experiencing. And to think she was no ordinary partner but had made the decision to become his Mistress and take the time to train him. There was nothing he wouldn't do for Mistress Ashby; nothing at all.

"Slave, lick me again. Take your time on this one." And so began another session of pussy-worship. He would hear that command five more times before she wanted no more. After each orgasm she rested and he could tell she enjoyed him resting his head where he did. The random pat of his head or fondling of his hair confirmed that. When she was through she took him down stairs to the main level and then down again and into the basement.

Fearful emotions overtook him when he descended and looked at the cross. The massive beams were unforgiving and he thought back to her unforgiving nature for those few days when she beat him so severely. The four-inch wide leather paddle lay where she had dropped it. The cuffs lay where he had last put them. He looked at her apprehensively.

"I'm not going to beat you tonight slave. I'm too tired for that. But it's too cold outside. This will be your new sleeping quarters unless I instruct you otherwise." For all the fun they had had today this was his reality check. The excitement of getting a collar, the coming out they both had with his parents and later his friends and finally she letting him pleasure her with his tongue; all of it was nothing less than the best day he had ever experience. But now this? "Wow, I'm going to spend a crappie night bound to this cross." He didn't speak his thoughts but she sensed them.

"Would you rather sleep outside slave? I'll give you the option."

"No Mistress."

"Then strap the cuffs onto your legs and be thankful."

While he did, she cut two new cords to replace the ones she had severed when she freed him. Fitting them through the eye-bolts she had them ready by the time he stood. She secured the stout leather hand cuffs and then tied the new cords to them. When she was done she positioned him and pulled the four ropes tight and knotted them.

From behind she said, "Good night slave,"

"Good ni... Aaahhhh!" He cried.

"That lash is for pouting over where I wanted you to sleep tonight." The kind gentle tone was gone and once more the fearful one was back. "You are my slave and I expect obedience! I expect embracing obedience."

"Ahhhhh!" he cried after a second lash struck his ass. "Yes Mistress."

She left feeling somewhat regretful she had to do that. It wasn't her style but he did resist her command. Not a lot but he did hesitate. She had to remain strong. She had to maintain the separation. "He still needed more work," she said to no one. "I think I'll let him think about this for awhile." She didn't return until almost noon the following day.

...

"How was your weekend 'Mistress'?" The words were palpably tongue-an-cheek.

"Better than you could ever imagine," she said looking into the eyes of her mentor.

"Have time to talk?"

"Not really. We need to be downtown for meetings in 30. Can we meet for lunch?"

"Will Richards work for you?"

"Perfect. I'll keep 35 busy. I packed his usual so he will be fine and that will open up my afternoon."

Mariko smiled. "You are catching on to this."

"I think so," she said smiling brightly. "See you a little after noon."

"12:30."

"12"30 it is."

...

Sharon and Bobby had recently finished appraising the high school faculty. Much of the deficiencies they found were common to most of the teachers although they had discovered several excellent instructors during the evaluative process as well. Excel charts were formulated, recommendations and areas of concern written down and lists of possible solutions made. For Bobby this was his first go-round at this but for Sharon it was old-hat and was in truth school number twelve for her. Despite his extended absences in October, Mariko had covered for him and Sharon knew enough of the process that she was able to keep them mostly on schedule.

Now, the first day of December, she turned her attention to tackling the administrators' role in the downfall of East Riverton. This would be the most difficult aspect of the entire project. It always was. It seemed the more money someone made the less infallible they believed they were. Far too few administrators were able to look at their performance objectively and even fewer superintendents impartially evaluated their immediate underlings. As a result, blame always was attributed to those who existed on the bottom rungs of the ladder and almost never on the upper ones. Sharon believed otherwise. Leadership had been, and always would be a top down process. And after spending so much time evaluating those at the bottom of the food chain she knew that much of the blame had to do with those that never ever set foot into a classroom.

Yesterday Sharon took an hour of their Sunday afternoon to brief thirty-five of how she would be undertaking this part of the consult and what she expected from him in his support role. As much as Bobby was the older, physically more imposing individual, Sharon's physical transformation now captivated most all with whom she met. She was a modern-day Cinderella in fact and the daily compliments and extended looks by friends and strangers alike confirmed the change. Her brunette hair hung with luster down over her shoulders, her eyes sparked, her facial features were beautiful and her body was simply stunning. This transition physically extended inwardly as well. The stuffy, arrogant woman he had met in September still held her ground when others pressed her but the stuffy, prissy personality traits had been replaced with a confident grace and she tactfully handled most any and all situations perfectly. Thirty-five's admiration of her continually grew. Little did he know there was an inverse relationship between her growth as a confident woman and his transformation from a normal guy to one who now embraced slavery.

...

"Sorry I'm late," she said entering the restaurant and checking the time. Sharon glanced at her phone. "Goodness, I'd hardly call three minutes something worthy of an apology."

"I hate tardiness and here I am being its worst offender." Both ladies laughed.

The host led them to a table in the center of the room but Mariko pointed to a corner one that looked out over the back courtyard. The host picked up the menus from the table and escorted them to the table of Mariko's choosing. A minute later they were sitting and chatting casually.

"My afternoon is pretty much free so don't feel like you need to hurry because of me."

"Good," Sharon said, "I'm in no rush either although I do need to be back by 3."

"So, tell me what's been happening?"

Sharon took her back to Thanksgiving morning and provided a blow by blow explanation of their day. "Look," she said, pulling out a piece of scrap paper. "I found this. Bobby wrote this."

Mariko read, "Living only to please Mistress Sharon. Mistress Sharon's slave forever. Living to serve Mistress Sharon. Property and joy of Mistress Sharon. Property exclusively to serve Mistress Sharon."

Sharon noticed the comical grin on Mariko as she read. "I told him he could have something engraved on his new collar. I gave him complete freedom to choose whatever he wanted."

"Which won out?"

"Neither," she said with a giggle.

"I like them all but the first would be my choice."

"He had a variation of that inscribed. It says Mistress Sharon's forever slave. I love it. I loved it even more when his mother and Jasmine read it for themselves."

The expression on Sharon's face was priceless. She beamed with pride and devilishness. "You said what?" Mariko asked.

Sharon told her about the surprise Thanksgiving dinner and how she had arranged it, how it went and how his parents started to come around. Ending with their last look of Thirty-five getting into the trunk she shared of their next stop at his old hangout and eventual confrontation with Jasmine.

The Asian woman grabbed the younger mistress' arm praising her for the way she put him to such an ingeniously planned test.

Sharon agreed and shared how she felt about it all. "It wasn't just him that had to show commitment but me too. I hadn't thought of that. Every time his parent's or friends challenged him I also had to stand firm as his Mistress."

"I bet you did. It would have done neither of you any good if he remained the perfect slave if you had caved in your responsibilities as his Owner."

"I know. But," she giggled, "but it was so much fun."

"Even when you met Jasmine?"

"You know what I learned?" She didn't wait for a response, "I learned if you act like you have big balls most people will respond as if they don't."

Mariko burst into laughter. "Now there's the making for a best seller!"

"I stumbled on it with his folks but decided to act that way with Jasmine and it really worked."

"I'm surprised she gave up so easily."

"She did and she didn't. Here look at this." Sharon unlocked her phone and flipped through screens until she found what she wanted. "These are from her later."

Mariko read through several texts. There were seven of them and there had been at least one text sent every day since their encounter. She handed the phone back. "I think you need to be careful with this one. She looks like a vengeful little thing. She is beautiful though. You have to give her that."

"Yes she is. As for the texts, I haven't responded. I didn't want to give her the satisfaction of a response and thought she'd stop sooner or later."

"She probably will but you can see just how upset you made her."

"She is adorable Mariko."

"Voluptuous is how I'd categorize her."

"That too. I can see now why Thirty-five gave in to her. She really ought to be on a Playboy spread."

"She'd be a rich woman if they ever found her." Mariko paused. "Just be careful. To me, she seems like a loose cannon."

"I will. And besides, I have a slave to protect me now."

"Yes you do. So how is the slave?"

"Oh Mariko, he makes me feel so good!" She squealed.

"Ahh, so you took me up on my advice?"

"Every night; and most days too."

"I told you there was nothing like it."

"I'm 34 now and I can't believe no one ever told me how good it feels to put a guy between my legs."

"That's because you hung out with the wrong people. Which reminds me, you still have not come to one of our meetings; you really need to."

"I guess so."

"No guessing Sharon. You've done fantastic so far with your training. I didn't think your way would have worked but it has and I learned something in the process but you are still an island. You're all by yourself. You only have me. I'm the only other Mistress you know and yet there are a few thousand of us out there and you don't know any of them. And they don't know you. That needs to change. You need to come. You need to get to know them and hopefully you can become friends with a few."

She listened to the wise sage once more. She seemed to always be there at the right time when she needed advice. Today she didn't come necessarily to seek it was here nevertheless and she considered her words.

"OK, I'll come."

"Great. How about you think about this? Come to the next few if you can. It's December and we like to do something special when we meet the Thursday before Christmas. I promise you will have fun and you can even bring the slave with you on that one. But you must come to a few others first to get to know the ladies. Our group is growing quickly."

"Oh, I almost forgot to tell you. I met one of Thirty-fives' friends and told his wife if she wanted a collar for her husband I'd send a guy down to do it. I was serious. I'd pay his expenses in a heartbeat if she ever decided. She has my number too and I could tell she was actually thinking."

"I'm sure you were probably joking when you told her but that's how word gets out. It's what gets women thinking. They come to realize they don't have to live their same out-of-control life all the time. They realize a man can offload a majority of their burden."

"I was joking but I was also serious and I think she was too - at least a little."

They sat quietly for a while, staring outside and watching other patrons. Sharon sipped her ice tea and said, "I want to meet your daughter."

"Oh. And why would you want to do that?"

Sharon laughed nervously." Because I want to see what she does and watch her teach."

"Tonight?"

"So soon?"

"Why not, I thought you want to learn?"

"Uh, OK. I guess." She stammered.

Mariko sent out a text. Thirty seconds later came the response. She held it up. The text included an address and time. She started to write it down.

"I'll forward it to you. Do you mind if I take the slave while you are gone?"

"Not at all."

"Mind if I put him to work?" She raised her eyebrows mischievously.

Sharon bit her lower lip. "I, I don't know Mariko."

"He's your slave. You do what you want. I don't want to step on your toes."

"I know. I'm thinking." The lip biting continued.

"If you see Kamelah and decide you want Bobby to learn will you let Bobby lick her?"

Sharon knew where this was going and read between the lines, "Yes I will and yes, you can enjoy him tonight."

Mariko smiled. "I intend to."

"He is a slave after all. What goods a slave if he doesn't learn to serve when it's hard?"

"This won't be hard," she said snickering. "Only his tongue will get a workout."

Sharon smiled. She hoped she had made the right decision. She could always change her mind if she didn't feel good about him being with Ms K but he was her slave and this might be another good test of his obedience. She needed to prep him properly so things would go smoothly.

"Mariko, if Kamelah wants me there at six would you mind picking him up downtown? I don't..."

Mariko broke in, "Yes, just tell him to be ready. I'll be at the Admin building by half-past."

...

Mistress Sharon positioned her slave a half-block off of the main drag on the corner of Locust and an unnamed alley. All she told him was he would be picked up by another Mistress and him strict instructions to obey regardless of what he was asked to do. She knew without having to tell him that he understood there would be severe repercussions if he didn't - and that he might be equally rewarded if he did.

Ten minutes later he spotted her car. The familiar woman stopped in the middle of the road, the rear hatch popped open and he hurried inside while car horns blew. A moment later she was on the move with him properly stored.

On the other side of the city Sharon pulled into an apartment complex. Getting out she looked for the crumbled stone walk and spotted a tall dark-haired woman waving in the distance. "That must be Kamelah," she thought. It was.

After quick introductions Kamelah got to the essence of their meeting. "I have two slaves coming. One is already here; the other will be here a little later."

Sharon observed the woman. She was striking in appearance and more exotic than in the pictures she had seen. She was an inch taller than her 5'8" stature and equally thin. Her legs were long and her figure beautiful. Her breasts were probably a B cup and her inky black hair hung down to her waist. Like her mother, her eyes and angular features expressed an uncharacteristic beauty not seen in Anglo-Saxons. She wore only a short black dress that clung to her form.

"Do you teach often?"

"Most nights," she said casually. "Tonight I had one coming but Mother told me you wanted to learn and I wanted to give you two examples. The one inside is pretty raw but the other one is well trained. It will give you a good contrast as to how they perform after they understand."

"What is this place anyway?"

She scanned the area. It was pretty rundown. The cars parked nearby were older and many in need of repair. Cigarette butts lay strewn everywhere along with myriad paper, plastic and bottles. The lawn was comprised of more dirt than grass and the grass was more crabgrass than fescue.

"Mom bought this as a training facility. She owns a couple of places. Each serves a purpose and I love this one the most."

Her eyes sparkled and Sharon understood why.

"When we go in, the slave in training will have already been prepared. The format we use is one in which they aren't permitted to see who they are serving, at least at this sight. By the time I arrive they've already been readied by their handler.

"A handler?"

"Yes, another Mistress is responsible for making sure they arrive, prepared and secured well before I see them. This one's been here waiting for about four hours."

"Mariko really did have a system in place," she thought. "The weekly meetings, the various training sites, her website, and apparently quite a few others like Kamelah that filled various 'training' roles."

She also noted the ordinary manner in which Kamelah spoke. She realized her view what she did was quite clinical. Yes it was an enjoyable but it was a form of work. She let the 'four-hour' phrase roll off her tongue as if it was nothing, but how many times had she left Thirty-five hang on the cross or remain locked in his cage for hours just because. The reminder was helpful. It reinforced the necessity of making sure slaves understood they were alive to serve. She wondered if the weekly meetings might be more helpful than she had at first thought. Having little aspects of her role as Mistress reinforced might prove more valuable than she initially considered.

"Come, let's get started. Don't be afraid to ask questions, move around or do whatever you want. It won't bother me and I want you to get something out of this. Mom likes you," she said looking over her shoulder. "She likes you a lot."

Sharon followed her inside and down the hallway to door #12. When they entered she was surprised to see how sparsely furnished the room was. The floors were bare concrete, the walls old and in need of paint and two doors, one on each side of the room was visible. Numerous eyebolts had been anchored into the floor, walls and ceiling and in the center of the stark room lay a younger male. His hair was dark and his stature tall and lean. He was naked, collared and blindfolded. Sharon saw the carabineer tightly bridging the gap between bolt and collar, making his neck almost immobile. His hands were cuffed and resting on his stomach and he was caged; most likely it was one of Charlie's making.

"You are not to speak a word Ricky," she said walking over to him. "Here is what I expect. You are here to learn how to eat pussy properly. You will continue to come here until you meet that objective to my satisfaction. While here you are to listen and put into practice everything I tell you. I don't want you asking questions. I don't want you speaking at all. If I tell you to do something and it's not right I will be the one making further corrections. I don't need you asking me how you're doing."

Kamelah motioned for Sharon to slip out of her jeans and panties. While she did she straddled the male and said, "Bring me to an orgasm slave."

She let him work for maybe three minutes before standing. "You have a go at him. Just relax."

Kamelah repeated her command to lick and let the boy try once more. Sharon responded more acutely and although he did a nice job servicing her she was not at all close to a climax. After several minutes, Kamelah interrupted the couple, commanding him to stop. She sat once more and let him eat. While he did she gave him one task to focus. This went on for about an hour. Sharon watched but really didn't see much. Kamelah remained kneeling with her pussy plastered on him and periodically told him to try one thing and then another. When he was successful, which only occurred twice she complimented him and responded instantaneously as an erotic wave of pleasure that shot through her. At the end of their session she left telling him to work on three techniques which she expected improved by their next meeting.

The two mistresses left the room and walked through one of the doors. It led to another identical room. On the floor was another naked and caged male positioned exactly like Ricky. This one was older; maybe 50 and overweight. Kamelah talked to him and Sharon guessed this was not their first session together. She explained she had a guest and wanted her to experience his oral abilities.

Sharon walked over as she had an hour earlier, and with Kamelah's prodding lowered her crotch down to the man's waiting mouth. The pudgy man began. The response was almost immediate and so different. His touches felt wonderful. The sensations he infused were so different than earlier. This man was a pro, a magician in fact, and the magic he performed was so mind-blowing that it was impossible to not gasp, pant, arch, thrust and cry out in delight. This beautifully orchestrated gift went on and on for what seemed to her as an eternity.

Kamelah leaned against the wall with folded arms and smiled, her appreciation for what he was doing to her was apparent. She knew firsthand exactly how she felt and what she was experiencing. It was the reason why he had been summoned. Tony, her most recent grad served as an accurate baseline for the performance she expected from every slave before being released from her tutelage.

When Sharon's soul had been bathed in this aphrodisiac unlike anything she ever experienced and could take no longer the pudgy man took her to that place. It was a place she never dreamed existed. Once there she literally exploded; the evidence of her orgasm cascading over him as one squirt after another gushed into his mouth and over his face.

"Ohhhhh!! Ohhhhhh!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!! She cried out between gasps and violent full-body muscle spasms. The climax lasted three, eight, twelve, at least twenty seconds. When the emotions subsided it left her speechless and drained. She collapsed, limp and physically exhausted.

Kamelah watched. She had felt those same feelings. This was the reason she spent so much time instructing the idiot thugs that arrived one after the other. They came ignorant of their capabilities but left as finely tuned pleasure slaves.

The pudgy figure on which Sharon sat was a physical contradiction; a façade. Although outwardly dumpy, with barely a muscle visible was an athlete indeed. He could do things her Bobby could never do. He stood head and shoulders over her slave in his ability to bring her erotic pleasure. It was unbelievable what she had just experienced and would have never thought this possible unless experiencing it firsthand.

Kamelah strode over to the recovering novice mistress and helped her to her feet. "Pretty nice, isn't it?"

They left the older man where he was. Someone would fetch him in a few minutes. They walked back to where Ricky lay. After Sharon had dressed they left the building and stood in sunlight.

"That was...How did...Do you teach every slave how to do that?" She finally asked.

"I wanted you to see the difference between what an untrained slaves' skill level is and what a little teaching can do."

"It's nothing short of amazing, Kamelah." Her eyes were wide with awe. "You taught him how to do that?"

She smiled. "I helped him along," she said modestly.

"Oh god, that was good!"

"Now you know what possibilities exist."

Sharon's mind wandered to where her slave was; a look of horror appearing. Sharon huffed, "Poor Mariko, she's probably so disappointed with my slave. He's nothing like him."

"I'm sure she's enjoying him. The first time you are with a new slave, the anticipation is worth a bit of added pleasure because of the unknown. I'm sure she is doing just fine."

"I need my slave here. How do I go about this?"

"Talk to my mom. She controls the schedule."

"Thank you!" She embraced the young woman. "What you are doing is so wonderful Kamelah. You really have a gift."

Deflecting the compliment she said, "Make sure you talk to Mom. I'll do what I can with yours."

Sharon's phone buzzed. It was another threatening text.

"Dam that bitch!"

...

Mariko backed the car into her drive, pulling it within a few feet of the large door. Opening the hatch she stared down at the naked slave. She was glad to see he had undressed. That was a good sign; a sign he had at least learned that a mistress expected a slave to be naked. "Out and kneel."

He obeyed, kneeling in present position. She pushed him down until his ass rested on his heels.

"Lick my pussy slave."

Bobby looked up with those confused eyes while she stared down triumphantly.

"Lick my pussy slave," she said more slowly.

She wore a dress. He gingerly lifted the hem until the apex of her thighs was revealed. She wore black panties.

"May I?"

"Yes slave."

He slipped them off. Rather than he coming to her, she came to him pressing his head between her cunt and the car.

"Lick me you worthless slave! Lick Mistress."

She rubbed her wetness over his face ruthlessly. She cared not how hard she pressed against him. He breathed only when she moved, giving his airways only a brief time to inhale before covering them once more.

"Come on slave, you can do better than that. My dog feels better than this!" She smiled although he didn't notice. Mariko was enjoying herself. She wanted him to get to know her pussy, smell her scent and see just how wet she could get. She wanted him to stick his tongue inside another mistress and feel what a different pussy felt like. She wondered how she compared to Sharon. "Could she get as moist as her? Did her labia engorged as much as her Asian pussy?"

Mariko humped on him for a long while but never came. He felt nice but she had experienced far better. "Up and inside."

He hurried to the front door, pausing only to hold it open and then follow. A car drove by, the occupant staring at his nakedness. He wondered how many times he or others had seen naked men at this home. "Probably lots," he figured.

Once inside she pulled him by the collar to the sofa. Sit on the floor with your back to the sofa. She pushed his head back, turned as if to sit but instead, sat on his face.

"Lick, I want to hear how good this tastes when you are through." She presented him her ass. He obeyed without pause.

Her ass was tight and the scent of this part of her body aroused him even further. Bobby lapped, then rimmed and finally probed; his strong tongue penetrating her. She let out a groan of pleasure.

"That's it. You're much better working this end. Keep it up."

He did and she loved it.

Mariko alternated where he ministered; first at her anus and then tending to her cunt. Back and forth he went for what seemed like a few hours. Only when car lights lit the far wall of the room did Mariko stand and see who it was. She greeted her warmly and invited her inside. Bobby never moved and his face was aglow with wetness. She relaxed, knowing Mariko had indeed enjoyed him.

"I hope you were an obedient slave."

"He did just fine. I think he will sleep well tonight."

Sharon laughed. "He will after he satisfies me later."

"Don't you love the mistress-life? Isn't it the best?"

"It is."

"So now can you see why I do what I do? Why I want to empower women?"

"I sure am!" She grinned. "Did he do OK?"

"Not bad," she smiled. "But, I'm more interested in your evening. Did you learn anything?" she asked cryptically.

"It was incredible. I want to..."

"I figured you would."

"I'll make the arrangements. Don't waste another moment worrying. In another month or so, well, then you can tank me."

"I might even let you see for yourself," she giggled.

"I hope so."

Sharon smiled. Bobby remained clueless.

By the time they got home it was time for bed. Sharon made him bring her to one nice orgasm but it was somewhat anticlimactic after having been with a real pro. After she came on his face she got him situated, stringing him up to the St. Andrew's cross for the night.

"Mistress K mentioned how pleased she was with you." She fondled his balls while speaking softly. "I like the new you, Thirty-five. I like you a lot. I hope you are coming to understand the need to obey any woman that claims to be a mistress."

Her touch remained soft and caressing. "As long as you do your life will remain pleasant and you will be invited to serve me with your tongue many more times."

"Mmmmm," he groaned.

"And maybe many others too." She squeezed both testicles firmly. "Good night slave."

Bobby smiled and listened to the tapping of her shoes against the wood steps as she ascended. He smiled and did his best to rest while strung tight in the basement.

...

"Leave him where he is. I'll get him to work."

Sharon giggled after reading the short message, "And so it begins." She said aloud.

...

Bobby stirred at the sound of footsteps. A moment later his head was enveloped under a think hood and his world went black. Fingers fondled his cage and then it was pulled away from his body making him wince in pain.

"Do what you are told," a strange female voice spoke, "or the pain will be much worse."

Five minutes later he was pushed into a trunk and was on the move. Thoughts of being taken to the forest to cut wood before being beaten all evening came quickly to mind. He panicked under the veil of the hood wondering what was going on; why he was being transported; why he had been taken from mistress and if she was going to harm him once more.

Sometime after that he was roughly pulled out of the warm trunk and into the cold December air. He walked on asphalt or cement. The chill cut into his nakedness causing him to shiver. She pulled him by his cock-leash, down the sidewalk and eventually through a door. Inside it was warmer. Not warm but warmer. A minute later she led him through another door where she told him to lay. The floor was wet. Hands pushed his neck several inches to the right and the sound of metal on metal clinked as something was attached to his collar.

"Open." She said lifting his hood enough to tug on his chin with a finger.

Bobby complied. Instantly a hand reached inside covering his eyes and with practiced efficiency a cloth bound his head and replaced the hood. The cloth covered his eyes keeping him blind to his surroundings.

Soft flesh soon pressed between his lips. "Suck."

He did, latching on to the firm nipple.

"Gentle," she whispered.

His cock immediately expanded but the treat was short-lived. Too soon she pulled it free and he was left puckering and longing for more. A few heartbeats later he heard the door close; whoever she was was gone. He could hardly move since she had fastened his collar to an anchor in the floor. The concrete was cold and his hands had been cuffed and then secured to his cage. It felt as if she had used a zip tie.

He had no idea where he was or why he was here. "At least he hadn't been taken to the forest," he thought. For some time his senses remained on high alert but he heard, smelled, felt, or sensed nothing. Eventually he relaxed and then slowly fell into a much needed sleep.

He woke rested. He had not been disturbed but his teeth chattered and body shook. He was freezing and he remained so for a long time. Finally the door opened.

"I see you are all ready for me slave," she said.

Bobby listened; his senses returning to high-alert. This was a voice he didn't recognize but he could tell she was here for a purpose.

"I will be your teacher," she stated uncategorically, "and you will be my pupil. I am a demanding teacher and I can be quite impatient. I expect your undivided attention and because I am impatient I expect you to be a fast learner. I don't tolerate idiots and hope you aren't one, slave."

He could hear the click, click of her shoe on the pavement. She paced while she spoke.

"You've been here for just a short time. It's only been six hours. I like to let my students wait before their first lesson so they understand just what it feels like to lie naked on this floor. The floor is intentionally wet and it's quite cool in here for a reason. You seem to be feeling the effects." She laughed. "Good."

"If you do well today, I will be a little more prompt next time. If you fail to catch on, then I might let you stay here for a day. You see slave, I have all the time in the world, and so do you." She continued to pace, then stopped then tapped him on the side of the head with her toe to make sure she had his attention. "I hope you realize I can keep you here as long as I want. I really don't care how cold you get. You see, I don't know you and that means I don't care about you. All I care about is how well you learn what I am about to teach."

She stood over him, lifted her skirt and descended. "Let's see how bad you are. Lick!" she commanded just as her pussy pressed softly against his mouth.

"Oh come on. What are you doing, chewing your cud? Lick my pussy slave."

He varied his technique but it seemed to make no difference.

"Dam you feel like your tongue is trying to mop a floor."

She sat on his chest. He noticed how light she felt and figured she probably weighed less than his Mistress. He wondered if she was as tall and slender and beautiful as Mistress Sharon. Her pussy sure felt good and it was shaved silky smooth - just like his Owner's.

"When you eat a woman you need to remember that it's not about digging right in and gobbling her up like you're starved. You need to take your time, slave. Think of my cunt as a meal. You sip your wine, you converse, you eat your salad and do all of that before you start in on the main course. I want you to lick me as if I am a meal and you are out with someone you want to spend a good long time with. Take your time. Enjoy the time between my legs. My clit is the main course. Stay away from the entre and focus on the rest of me. Now try again."

Bobby did. This time he kissed her rather than sticking his tongue inside her.

"That's it. That feels better." She let him continue for a time. "Good, now it's time to move on to the salad. Add a bit more to what you are doing."

Bobby circuitously ran his tongue around her outer labia.

"Stop that!" she said, "Right now!" That's irritating. It feels like your trying to tickle me. You just spent a good while kissing me with the softest of touches. That was a good start but this is not something you want to do. Save that for later."

She offered him more advice, let him practice, and repeated the process many times. When she tired of him she stood and walked off without so much as a goodbye. Bobby continued waiting hopefully for her to return but she never did. He realized he hadn't shivered the entire time they had been together. His mind was so focused on her that he disregarded his own need to maintain body-core temperature. It reminded him of his time in the cage and how he learned how to sleep even when the temps became quite cold. That reminded him once more of Mistress and he thought of her. He missed seeing her this morning.

Soon he felt familiar hands freeing him from the floor although his hands remained cuffed in place. She lead him back outside. The sun felt good and the warm trunk even better. By the time she had parked and opened the hatch his shivering had stopped. After she pulled the blindfolded slave free of the car she led him inside. Pushing him to his knees she pressed her pussy to his face.

"Let me see what you learned. Eat slave!" She relaxed.

She had done this to so many slaves during the past years she had long ago lost count. Each was different although the ones that Kamelah had spent time with were the best. This one, she figured, must be new. She had not been sent to this address before and had never seen him.

"Too bad," she thought. "He is a handsome one but he doesn't know how to eat pussy yet."

After giving him ten minutes to get her off and being unsuccessful in his attempt she stimulated her clit and came into his mouth.

"You have some work to do, slave. My dog feels better than you."

She pulled him to his feet and strung his neck to a vertical anchor. He wasn't sure exactly where he was but figured it must be home. He stood for two hours until he finally heard a car arrive and a door slammed shut. Footsteps neared and he was once more unshackled and pushed to his knees. A pussy pressed against him. This one was hairy and the thighs large. He ate it for at least a half hour until she finally came. As soon as she calmed she left but other hands grabbed him by the hair and pulled him into yet another cunt. He ate again and realized this one was dry. It was someone else. He licked, trying to follow the hints his teacher had given him. As much as he tried it didn't seem to make a difference. They just weren't responding. He wasn't connecting with them or maybe he was doing it all wrong. He tried something different but it didn't feel right so he went back to doing what she had told him. After he had feasted for a long time without experiencing a climax, she left unsatisfied.

"Stay there," was the only words she ever uttered.

Ten minutes went by and then hand pulled his face into still another pussy. He tried again and again he was unsuccessful in pleasing her appropriately. After she left another female arrived and then another and then another. By the time Mistress arrived his knees were aching, his joints were stiff and his facial muscles exhausted.

"Time to go home. Its bedtime."

She took him upstairs and anchored him to the floor beside her bed. She knew he was exhausted and needed sleep. He'd be no good tomorrow if he didn't get some rest.

Bobby wondered if she wanted to talk about his day but apparently she didn't. She barely said anything. After anchoring him to his spot he heard her climb onto the soft bed above and soon they were both fast asleep.

At 6:30 AM she got her text: "Take him to work. Bring him back to the feasting area when done. He needs to practice."

Sharon smiled. She didn't mind doing what she was told any more. Her faith in Mariko, at least on this matter, was secure. After all, she had felt the difference when with Kamelah and when Thirty-five ate her later that evening it confirmed how much better the pudgy guy felt. Mariko had later told her that it would take some time and she needed to be patient in letting the process happen. Sharon decided at that moment she'd do what she could to give him all the help she could and woke each morning hoping Mariko would send her a text.

Work flew by with the two of them sludging through more meetings, more evaluations and more paperwork. When they finally left and they walked to the car, she handed him a long black cloth.

"Put this on and pull it tight once we're on the road."

He looked at her curiously, "Yes Mistress."

Sharon took him to the designated spot. A woman appeared and told her to pop the trunk. She did and when she had him out, slipped her a note. She was to return at ten that evening. Bobby meanwhile was taken into a room and told to wait further instructions. For the next four hours he practiced almost without rest. He was given a pussy every half hour for four-hours. Three of the women reached orgasm. Another got close but more than half didn't even come close. When he was through Mistress took him home. Before she left she was given another note. Tomorrow he had a scheduled lesson. She would be working alone, at least for part of the day.

The following morning Sharon left for work. She pulled out of the drive and only when she looked back at the house did she see the large screens on the front porch had all been torn to shreds. She slammed the brakes and pulled the car to the side.

"What the hell?" She yelled. "Who would do such a thing?" She got out and inspected the damage more closely. Every screen had been torn. Every one! On her way to work she contacted the insurance company. They agreed to stop by to see if the vandalism would be covered under her homeowners insurance.

While Sharon spent the day with the Admin department, Bobby was engaged in another lesson. His instructor had noted some improvement. That four-letter word 'some' both pleased and frustrated him.

"He was getting better but only somewhat?" He asked himself. "What more can I do?"

When Sharon met up with him she was all business. Dressed in a beautiful dark blue dress and white heels he found himself wanting her and the thought never abated. He was horny and knew why. It had to do with all of the sexual stimulation he'd been experiencing. What fascinated him was that his cock had never been unlocked. No one had touched him and yet he felt more sexually charged than he could ever remember. It had to do with him pleasing others; with him looking forward to the next pussy he'd lick, even if he'd never see the face of the woman whose legs he lay between.

And now seeing Mistress and knowing how beautiful she was he couldn't wait to be told to pleasure her. He loved feeling this way and although he didn't understand why it seemed to meet some kind of need. He found ever since their relationship had become sexual he could not stop thinking about her; he wanted to serve; wanted to pleasure her; wanted to feel the strap across his back. He also found himself wanting out of the cage more than anything, not to fuck her. That thought never even crossed his mind. Rather he wanted out just to be out so his throbbing cock could be touched - touched by anyone.

He needed her and yet she could be so coy about the matter. "Why were they so different?' he wondered. She could turn her desire for him on or off at will but he seemed to be on turbo power all the time. All he wanted was to be between her legs and listen to her get off on his tongue. "Maybe it was because he couldn't lick any better than a man mopping a floor like Kamelah had chided him," he thought.

That evening she dropped him off and he spent another four hours practicing. This routine, he would later reflect, would last for the better part of a month. Typically he'd get two or three lessons a week, practice four hours each evening and another six on weekends. Never did he see anyone. He remained blindfolded always. His only sensations came through what he could hear, smell and feel with this tongue and lips. What he would eventually learn was Kamelah's belief of depriving a slave of visual feedback served as an additional teaching tool. Kamelah believed that because a male's primary stimulus was visual, when she took that sense away a man was forced to become more attuned to his other four senses. She believed men could come to feel the subtle changes in the size, temperature, moisture and texture of a woman's vulva. And so she insisted trainees remain blind. Bobby hoped her theory would prove to be successful with him because he had now licked well over a hundred pussies without noticing any real change in the final product. He still failed to bring almost a quarter of the mistresses he ate to orgasm and that continued to bother him.

When Sharon arrived home, she was worn out. She needed rest. As she led her slave inside she was greeted upon entering the kitchen with a floor full of broken glass, pottery and kitchenware scattered all over. She gasped and commanded slave to not move. He would have lacerated his feet had he taken another few steps. She stood still, first in amazement looking at the devastation. Anger soon replaced shock and she screamed profanities. Every cabinet door and drawer had been opened and emptied. Anything made of glass or clay lay smashed. Some was even in the dining room indicating whoever did this threw dishes and glasses in there.

"Ahhhhh!!" she screamed. "Dam you, whoever you are!" Something was amiss. Of that, she was certain. However she had no idea regarding the 'who' or 'why' behind this crime.

She dialed 911 just as slave asked, "Mistress, are you OK?"

"No I am not. Now shut up!"

She hurriedly took him outside and around to the front door to protect him from the glass and locked him to the bedroom floor while she remained up until well past midnight dealing with the fall out of the mess. The police officer promised to look into the matter. He didn't come out and say it in so many words but implied that most likely the culprit would never be identified.

Slave rose at 5 AM with instructions to have everything immaculately cleaned in the next 90 minutes and to bring her coffee promptly thereafter. She was amazed when he did. He never asked nor complained although she knew he wanted to talk to her about what had happened. Sharon wanted to bury the entire event but knew she couldn't. She'd be kitchen shopping tonight while he was eating pussy. She also knew most of her expenses would be reimbursed by her insurance company but that wasn't the issue. The issue was identifying who the criminal was that did this. Most likely it was some local teenager who had figured out their schedule. That was the hunch of the police as well. Her home wasn't the only one that had been broken into in the past month.

While she was hurrying to get dressed the text came: "leave without him."

She breathed heavily thinking how she'd have to work alone yet another day. She hoped all of the time spent away from work would be worth the trouble. Then, for some reason her thoughts drifted to Pudgy Man and that made her smile.

"Slave!" she called out. When he came running into the bedroom she pointed to the floor. "Down, I want you locked."

He nodded a knowing, contented nod. He knew what was in store. "Another lesson with her," he surmised.

Within the hour delicate hands once more wrapped him in darkness, cuffed his hands to his cage and led him out of the house. When he arrived some minutes later it wasn't to be anchored to the damp concrete floor but rather instructed to stand in present. As he waited he smelled perfumes and food. He was in a home. Eventually the delicate handed lady guided him into another room and then into a bedroom. There she pushed him to his knees while soft music played. Then she was pushed him forward. He felt a bed and then detected the scent of a woman who grabbed his hair and guided him into position between spread legs and the unmistakable musky odor of anticipation. Bobby began ministering to her sex. Although he couldn't tell where he was or who he was serving he sensed this female was young. Her skin was taught and her legs firm. In twenty minutes she came and in another ten came again.

She stood, still panting and pulled him giggling into another room.

"He's good!" She said.

"I hope so. This is fun!" The giggly girl pushed him into the next pussy and left him to his duties. This one had a pungent musky scent and taste. Every woman was different. He remembered eating a female the other day who had a faint citrusy taste. This one's strong odor aroused him. He licked and as he did his mind went to a place it had never gone before. It was as if he could see inside her sex; see exactly where it was she needed to be ministered and licked her exactly as her mind wanted. It was as if his mind had meshed with hers.

What happened was nothing less than amazing. She went from feeling nice to feeling exuberant and seconds later exploded with a squirt that soaked his face. The time from first touch to orgasm took less than ten minutes but the orgasm last three, four, maybe five times longer than any he had ever elicited.

The woman transitioned from ecstatic screams and spasms to quiet, spasmodic quivers that lasted another minute or two. When they had subsided she rested and then quietly whispered, "Again."

Bobby began. It took him a little bit before he once again entered into the zone. The results were the same and by the time her thirty minute session had concluded and he was directed between another pair of spread legs she was a wash of revitalized feelings.

This time the zone came a little sooner and the results a bit more volcanic. He continued on this way until every woman that wanted him had been serviced. He figured he must have eaten at least twenty pussies but he couldn't be certain. However many it was, it was a lot!

When Mistress came to retrieve him he was astonishingly energized. After past practice sessions his muscles were fatigued and although it was a love-hate feeling when he reluctantly had to stop he was always glad to see Mistress. Today however was different. He was exuberant and she wondered if she knew why. She led him away and for the first time ever opened the passenger side front door and pointed for him sit next to her while she drove. She could see his bright smile and once more thought back to the passage that had served as the basis for her training methodology.

"Baby steps," she said as she walked around and let herself in. When the car had traveled less than a mile she pulled off the blindfold.

"I love being your slave," he said cautiously. He wasn't sure if she was in the mood to hear him voice thoughts but decided to chance it.

Sharon's eyes brightened. "I heard a lot of ladies tell me how incredible you were today."

"I think I'm getting the hang of it. Something clicked today. It's not technique as much as it is a mindset. Kind of a Yoda thing, you know, a 'let the force be with you' thing."

"If you say so, you're the one doing the licking not me."

"Yep."

"I listened outside the door while you took care of the last one. I would tend to agree that you were doing something right."

"It was so much fun, Mistress." He said turning to face her. "I could have done that all day."

Sharon laughed. "You did do it all day. It's after six."

Bobby chuckled. The hours really had flown by. He looked once more at her beautiful profile while she navigated the evening rush traffic and admired the woman who owned him. "I am so glad you took Mistress Mariko up on her offer to train me."

"Why is that?"

"Because I get to be with you all the time."

"Is that all?"

"No," he said smiling, "but it's the primary reason."

"Why else?"

"Because you've taught me how to not be selfish. You taught me what real service is all about." He squeezed her shoulder, "And, you collard me and made me your slave. That means I'm going to be with you forever."

"What if someone comes and offers me a ton of money for you? Then what?"

"Then you tell them I'm not for sale I hope", the confidence now gone from his voice.

"But what if I want to sell you? What if I miss training a slave and want to do it again?"

"I don't know." He sat quiet for some time. "Mistress?" he finally asked.

"Yes slave."

"If you do sell me please sell me to a good Mistress."

Sharon smiled. Inside she felt sadness as she could hear in his voice he had realized his future was completely in her hands, which extended to keeping, selling or releasing him if and when she chose to do so. "I'll think about that slave. Right now, I have no intention of selling you to anyone."

Bobby smiled.

"I've enjoyed you. You make me happy and I do love training you. It is fun."

"I'm glad I can make you happy Mistress. I love to see you smile."

"I'm glad you do and you made all those Sorority girls quite happy as well."

"Sorority girls?" he asked curiously.

"Yes, I forgot. You were at a sorority house. You licked a bunch of twenty year old pussies today. I hope you had fun because it might be the last time I let you lick a young one. A few of those ladies were beautiful."

Bobby smiled.

"What?"

"One of them tasted like pineapple."

"Oh Thirty-five, that's disgusting!"

They both laughed.

Over the weekend Bobby took another lesson from the instructor. He had difficulty finding the zone as she squatted over him but was able to bring her to one orgasm that she complimented him on. After that accomplishment she released him from the floor bolt and put him between her legs while she reclined on the chilly floor. He found it so much easier to get her off and just like he had done at the University he had taken her to the best of places. She exploded not once but twice and begged him to stop.

His spirit soared as even the woman teaching him detonated at the skill of his tongue. Kamelah returned him to his secure position and then hovered over him.

"I know what the problem is with you slave."

He listened, his eyes unable to see her through the black material.

"When you licked me while I reclined against the wall, you demonstrated excellent technique." She slapped him playfully. She giggled. "That was a nice job you did on me. That's the kind of pussy licking that makes me proud to know I trained you."

A big grin appeared across his face.

"The difference is in the two positions," she began. "When I'm on top I can do what I want. I'm in charge. When I lay back and put you between my legs I'm giving you more freedom to do what you want. My pussy is pretty still. That's not true when I'm over you. I can do whatever I want; move and grind on your face however I please. The difference is you can sense my needs better when I'm still than when I move on you. Am I not right?"

He nodded eagerly.

"That's right. I call it being in the know. But when I'm here," she peered down at him, "I can move and when you get me going I move on you more than you move on me. It's like being in a polar opposite role. You need to be able be able to sense my desires when I'm in control just as you are able to sense it when you are controlling things. That's what separates the good eaters from the great ones."

He nodded barely and Kamelah sensed he heard but didn't comprehend.

"You have permission to speak. Ask your questions."

"How do I get there?"

"Practice mostly. I've had you at the workhouse practicing on girls who were in a beginner position; they were all lying on their back or leaning back against a chair. They couldn't move their hips much. Eating a Mistress who is on top is an advanced position. It's the same as kneeling when she's standing. She has a lot of say in how she moves. You need to coordinate your feeding habits to blend with her mood. You need to 'feel in the know'. It will come. You mastered the first stage in less than a week. Most take a month to get where you are so don't get down on yourself."

"When I ate you over there, what could you tell about how I was doing?"

"It took a minute but then I almost forgot about you. And that's the gold standard; to become one with the woman you are licking. When I'm on top it feels as if I need to get you to work together with me. It kind of feels we aren't in sync and that means I need to worry about you. It takes away some of my pleasure because I don't want to think about you at all. All I want is to feel those deep arousing feelings and not worry if you're going to be able to keep it up or how I need to move to make it better. You need to move with me and anticipate my needs."

Bobby nodded. He felt better. It was so helpful for her to verbalize what she felt and how her feelings differed between the two positions.

"OK, time to practice. Lick my pussy slave!" She lowered her sex down to his tongue and they went at it once more. They practiced for another hour and after the last fifteen minute exercise in which she came, she told him he had almost gotten it and it was simply a matter of needing more practice.

"Maybe I'll line up some of the ladies where you spent some time the other day. I got phone calls from three of them telling me they wanted to purchase you."

Bobby shook his head no.

Had she struck a nerve? "Buying and selling is not my thing slave. They will have to talk to your mistress before that happens." She cupped his cheeks. "Shake your head, yes or no to going back there for more practice?"

He responded and she took note.

...

The shit hit the fan after work on Monday. When Sharon and Bobby left the Admin building and found their car they both gasped. The front hood was dented in several places and lines of white spray paint crisscrossed both passenger side door panels.

"Oh Mistress!"

"Who did this? Who did this?" She screamed.

She looked at Bobby with an expression so filled with anger it scared him. "Stand here," she pointed to a spot next to her. "Don't you move a muscle. I'll be back in a while."

An hour later she was back. They got in her car and headed to the high school. Inside Mariko was waiting and they watched as a person wearing jeans, sneakers, hoodie, sunglasses and ball cap defaced and damaged the small Ford Focus.

"I can't tell who it is," Sharon said. "It's got to be someone I know."

Mariko and Bobbie watched the crime again and again.

"Can you start a little earlier so we can see more of the video Mistress Mariko?"

She did and they watched various people and vehicles move in and out of the field of view. None of them saw anything that drew their attention.

"You aren't pissing people off downtown are you?" Mariko asked.

"Of course not, this is all pretty standard stuff I'm doing now. Why, are you getting wind of something that I'm not aware of?" She said still staring at the computer.

"No. I'm just exploring possibilities. People can express their frustration in the most idiotic of ways," Mariko retorted.

"There!" Bobby exclaimed.

"What?"

"Go back Mistress Mariko; about fifteen seconds."

"Now watch the truck that drives from left to right."

They all did. Neither of the mistresses reacted.

"Play it again but this time look at the mirror on the passenger side."

They did.

"There isn't any," Mistress answered.

"I know . That's just it. I've seen that truck before. In fact I've ridden it in."

"Jasmine?" Mariko asked.

"That's her truck; the old red, dented one that doesn't have a mirror. Can you pull up the video when she took me and compare the two?"

"I saved that feed on a separate drive Mr. Lewis," Mariko said politely. "Give me minute and I'll have it loaded."

"I haven't heard him called that in a long time," Sharon said.

"Sorry. I should have said slave instead."

I minute later their suspicions were confirmed. The two vehicles were one and the same.

Sharon asked, "Did you put the broken glass in the trash cans yet?"

"They are in plastic bags sitting in the garage but I haven't taken the bags out to the road yet. I meant to. I'll do it tonight."

"I have something else I want you to do first. Let's go. Thank you, Mariko," She pulled Bobby to his feet by the collar. "As always, you're a lifesaver."

"I heard he's coming along," she said smiling. She watched Sharon grab her purse.

"Very nicely."

"That's my fee." She beamed and logged out of her computer.

"Can you take a rain check for another day or so?"

"Of course."

...

He lay on her bed. This was a first. Upon entering she held a razor in one hand and a marker in the other. "This is yours. If you need a replacement blade, just ask. Sit."

Bobby took the razor as he did.

She drew a circle using the washable marker. It extended from the base of his hairline, around, up and over the bridge of his nose and back to its starting point.

"I want every hair on your body below this line shaved. In the shower you will find a bottle of hair remover. It's yours and when it gets low, let me know. I'll get you more." Sharon smiled and motioned for him to stand. She fondled the key between her breasts.

"I think you need this off to shave."

Thirty-five closed his eyes and breathed deeply. He couldn't keep his composure. His cock hardened into a solid mass within the steel confines. Bobby groaned when she fondled him.

"Someone is happy."

"Yes Mistress."

"How long has it been?"

"Over three months," He answered.

She released the lock and pulled at the cage. It slipped off with a tug and the tiny cock grew immediately.

"Thirty-five!" she exclaimed, "You have a beautiful cock!" She stroked it feeling its girth and strength and then sighed longingly. "And it's mine to use or lock as I choose. Isn't it Thirty-five?"

He held his gaze waiting for an answer.

"Yes Mistress. Every part of me is yours."

Her smile brightened even more. "It looks like the ring is stuck. Take it off while you shower. Now go." She pointed to the bathroom.

A half hour later he returned to the bedroom. Not sure where to go or what to do he stood at the foot of the bed. Mistress came eventually. At first he only sensed her presence but it was enough. His cock shot to full attention and remained there. Then she touched him. His back had little hair to begin with but felt smooth to her touch. There were a few spots he either missed or couldn't reach but his ass and legs were baby-skin smooth.

"I like you this way Thirty-Five. I've never been one that liked the burly, type. Make sure you shave or use the hair remover daily. Money is not an object. I want you smooth from now on."

"Turn around."

He did and she burst into a giggle. "He is one happy fellow." She stroked it then examined his chest and torso. "You did a nice job. Why did you shave Thirty-five?"

"Because you told me to."

"And because you are my slave."

"When you shave from now on," she grabbed his cock in one hand and balls in the other. "Look at me. When you shave from now on, I want you to repeat fifty times, "I am shaving because I belong to Mistress."

"Thank you. I will do that gladly."

"You will do anything I tell you to do gladly."

Apologetically he answered, "Yes I will."

Sharon slid her hand along his underside feeling the thick appendage in her small hand. "He did have a nice cock," she thought.

"Now, get on the bed; on your back," she added.

When Bobby got settled, Sharon slipped out of her clothes and sat Indian style between his legs. She looked at the physique of the handsome slave that was hers. His body, now that he was completely free aroused her. She considered taking him but didn't know if that was best nor if she really wanted to. It had been so many years since she had made love and back then, the boy she screwed had a cock half the size of his. This thing was beautiful.

On a whim she jumped out of bed and ran out of the room. She returned with a cloth tape. "I want to see how big you are." She positioned the tape. "Eight inches; that's pretty big. How do you fit in that tiny little cage slave?"

"I don't know," he answered. Her hands massaged his loins. She felt so good. He wanted to look at her but she had told him to lie. He could see her perfectly shaped breasts, full and dangling on her thin body. It was the contrast of the two that made her so exceptionally beautiful. Her frame was thin; her arms slender yet strong; her waist tight and flat and her hips slender. It was the little things that made him so attracted to her, like being able to see ribs and pelvic bones. It wasn't all about tits and pussy but rather the entire package. Now he couldn't take his eyes off her dangling lobes.

"You are the one who solved the mystery."

"I was lucky," he replied.

"Lucky or not you spotted the truck. She fits the build even though she hid herself pretty well while destroying my car." She squeezed his cock absentmindedly thinking about the incident. "When you found the blonde hairs amongst the glass I knew for certain it was her."

"What are you going to do?"

"I don't know Thirty-five. What do you think?"

"I don't think Mistress. I just do what I'm told."

She laughed. "You're getting better at that; very good in fact." She kissed the end of his cock and watched it twitch in response."

"I need to think on this but if you have any ideas I want to hear them. I don't care how crazy they might be."

"Yes Mistress."

She stroked him gently. "I think you deserve a reward." She paused. "Well I decided I want to give you a reward."

"Mistress, you don't need to reward me. I don't deserve a reward. I'm your slave."

"OK then I won't reward you. I'll think of it as rewarding me," she giggled. "Here's the deal slave. I'm going to see how close I can get without you coming. I want you to try not to come," she said emphasizing the not.

Sharon pulled out a tube of lubricant. Soon her cock was aglow with it and she stroked him. Soon after he started to moan. She stroked then stopped, again and again. As time passed his arousal became more pronounce and the time needed to get him close became shorter and shorter.

She watched. She observed his cock. She felt the thick blood-filled shaft in her hand. The movement of her fingers over and around it felt so good, so erotic.

"Getting close?" She said suddenly stopping.

"Very."

"Nice isn't it?"

"Better than nice."

"Do you want to come?" She started again.

"Yes Mistress."

"How bad?"

"Real bad."

"Mistress Mariko told me that if you come then your desire for me plummets. What should I do? Do you still want to come?"

"I don't know." His body tightened and so did his balls. She stopped but only for a few seconds

"I do."

"I know what I want."

He didn't move and he prayed she wouldn't touch him too much. He was so close.

Sharon traced a single index finger up and down his shaft. She watched his balls draw tight again. She stopped. His cock twitched uncontrollably a few times.

"Try not to come slave. Fight the urge."

He groaned, "Yes Mistress."

She started again, stroking him once or twice with both hands, then with one, then with only a thumb and index finger. Up and down, up and down. It took only ten or so strokes before he was right back on the edge.

"I like playing with you slave. This is fun; fun for me anyway," she snickered. "Is it fun for you?"

"It feels good."

"But is it fun?"

"I wouldn't call it fun Mistress."

"Then let's do something that is." She scrambled up over his face. "Let's practice. Eat me slave."

Her Thirty-five did and as he did, he felt it. It was vague and distant at first but then became clearer. Then it was around, within and through him. He felt the zone and for the first time with a woman on top. He really felt it. He moved, licking her. She moved grinding on him. They both moved together. They moved as one and as they did she came. The orgasm was powerful and explosive. It was similar to how she came when he laid between her legs but this one was even more dynamic, more emotional, more everything.

"Ohhhhhh, Ohhhhhhh slave."

They moved in unison.

"Ahhhhhhh, Ahhhhhhh, Agggghhhh, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!" she cried

Mistress fucked his face and he responded as the perfect receptacle, giving his Owner exactly what she so badly wanted. She came and came and came. It was beautiful. She was beautiful and she had to admit, they were beautiful together.

She slid down; hugging is torso with her legs and wrapping her arms around his neck. "That felt so good slave."

"Thank you for letting me please you Mistress. I think I'm getting the hang of this." He whispered.

"I think you are." He held her in an embrace. It was another first. It only seemed right and proper to do and he could tell she loved feeling his closeness.

He whispered, "Maybe you should make Jasmine watch me do that to you."

She could feel his smile against her face. "Maybe I should but right now, I want to play with your cock while you kiss my pussy." She looked at him. "No licking; just kissing. I don't want to come. I just want to feel nice."

"Yes mistress."

Sharon reversed positions and faced his cock. After a little more lubricant and lots of stroking and soon he was back where she wanted him. She wanted to get to know this beautiful organ, and it was beautiful. After some work she got him close, and then the fun began, stroking a little, resting a little and watching his little soldier try not to throw up.

"Getting close," he said.

"If you come, you're going to eat it. I brought a spoon with me."

Bobby kissed. He knew she'd win. She always did. What use was their trying other than obeying; and so he did?

Mistress stroked him now only using a thumb and forefinger. He was that close. She felt his balls tighten under her other hand and stopped.

"Last time." She thought.

Only waiting a few seconds she ran one finger down the underside. It was all it took.

His beautiful cock grew another quarter inch and thickened even more. Sharon watched as it bounced and twitched and then a blurp of come looped out and onto his belly. This was followed by another less forceful blurp and then another. She watched in amazement as come now continued oozing from its source. He had no orgasm. There was no sudden moment where his body arched, spasmed and shot come two-feet into the air. Rather it glopped out only being propelled an inch or so into the air before falling. Whatever was happening, she liked it. Now the thick white liquid flowed pooling at the base. She spooned it toward his navel and not letting it dribble onto the sheet. Finally he stopped. She milked the softening shaft a few times getting a little more of the precious fluid and climbed off.

"Time to eat slave." she said visibly happy. "I have some yummy juice for you."

Her slave opened and swallowed each spoonful. He could tell she enjoyed feeding it to him. When she was through she climbed back onto his face, this time facing his cock and instructed him to eat while she enjoyed one more galactic orgasm. What impressed her even before he set to work was his shaft. It was rock hard. She thought for certain he'd be limp and unresponsive but instead within a minute of the odd non-orgasm he was once more rock hard. She wondered if it had anything to do with the way he came or if it was nothing more than his body wanting to stretch after being locked for the past 100 or so days.

Putting that thought aside, she enjoyed his ministrations and the eventual orgasm he brought her to. He was getting so good at this and it was something she found addicting.

...

Mariko picked Sharon up from school while slave continued to work. She decided that because he had missed so many days taking lesions or practicing on his technique he needed to work a little late to make for his lost time. Tonight would be the first of several in which he would be working a little longer than usual. The two women headed to a nice restaurant that Mariko frequented. They served a mix of Greek and Italian cuisine of which Mariko had sampled most of the dishes. She regarded this place highly and both ladies couldn't wait to dine in candlelight to a savory meal.

The meeting began at 7:30 and the girls were there a half hour early even after enjoying a magnificent dinner. Mariko informed her guest that typically the mistresses socialized for about a half-hour after which she spoke on a topic of pertinence. Light refreshments were always available and more times than not, women stayed quite late. Mariko had set 10:30 as the time to lock up. She rarely left alone.

Fifteen minutes after arriving Mariko noticed Sharon actively engaged with several other ladies her age. She smiled reflecting on how far Ms. Ashby had come. Not only did she dress nicer but she had taken to adding makeup and perfume to her daily routine. She'd also made enormous strides with respect to dealing with her own insecurities. No longer was she subject to a man's will but now the owner of one. She had also grown sexually and explored some of a man's usefulness more recently. She wondered if she might gain a little more appreciation for living the dominant life after coming to these help sessions for a month or so. She busied herself as the hostess while watching the room fill.

Sharon couldn't believe the crowd and even met someone she knew from the mall; a woman who worked at one of the dress shops she had frequented several times. She also noticed a few women had brought their slaves, leashed, gagged and deferential to all. Mostly this was a female group and she guestimated there to be might be three-hundred attending tonight.

Sharon joined a group of six and for the rest of the evening had a truly relaxing time. There was the usual getting reacquainted or acquainted with others conversations but soon the talk went to events during the past week or so that had to do with their respective slave relationship. Sharon learned one woman owned three; another used hers only when she wanted sexual gratification while the rest were married and used their slaves mostly for domestic work. Sharon asked one lady why she decided to marry her slave. She learned the mistress had been married for twelve years, heard about this group and eventually reformatted their relationship traditional relationship into a mistress-slave one.

"I told him he'd obey me from now on or I'd divorce him. It's amazing how powerful the sex drive is in a man. He loved my pussy that much," she said loud enough for all to hear. "He's been collared now for four years and I love it. I've never been happier."

"I didn't marry mine first," said a young woman who she later learned was Jessica. "I trained him while I was single but fell in love with him. It was the best thing I ever did. I married him in this very church. It will be two years at the end of the month."

"I'd never marry," said another. "It makes it too hard to get rid of a slave if he sours or if I get tired of him. I want to keep my options open."

"That's why you keep three," said the older lady. "You can marry one, and keep the other two to enjoy. I keep one of mine just to see how far I can push him."

"What about the other?" Someone asked.

"He's a master cleaner, host and handyman. That leaves the one I'm married to free to enjoy and keep my libido satisfied."

That drew a host of giggles from all.

"I'm pretty new to all this," Sharon offered. "At the risk of being naive I need to ask a question." She went on to describe the orgasm/anti-orgasm she had elicited from Thirty-five. When she described how he ejaculated she noticed several of the ladies smiling. "I take it you know what I'm talking about?"

"It's called a ruined orgasm," the older woman answered. "I don't ever give my husband a full one, and besides, he's getting so old he don't spurt anyway anymore. Dam prostate is jamming up his tubes nowadays." She smiled, "Anyways I like to do the ruining thing cause I like to see him cum and after he does, he stays hard so I can do it all over again. That's the best part."

"But there's more to it," said Jessica. "If you let him come he'll get limp but he will also have rapid drops in certain hormones that keep him horny and attentive." She smiled, her white teeth contrasting against her short black hair and dark brown eyes. "If you only ruin him you don't mess with those hormone levels. My slave gets ruined a lot but I never let him really come. Call me selfish but I love keeping him horny."

"I wasn't sure what was going on," Sharon added. "I kept him locked for over three months and thought the continual erection had to do with him being locked for so long."

"That might be true," said another, "but she's right," pointing to Jess. "Ruined orgasms solve the problem of letting a guy get overly satisfied with coming. Personally I think letting him come teaches him the wrong lesson. I don't want him to ever think sex is about him. It isn't. It's always about me."

"That's right," said several.

She went on, "I ruin them simply because I can. Sometimes I'll put a vibe up his ass and let the vibe milk him while I watch TV. I'll check on him at the end of the show and see how much come oozed out."

"I hope you don't waste it?" asked Jess.

"Never. Always goes into a condom and then back down his hatch!" She laughed.

Mariko called the meeting to order, greeted everyone, and asked both first time attendees as well as those considering a mistress-led-life to stand. She encouraged the regulars to make all of these ladies feel comfortable and to be available for them to ask questions. Sharon counted eleven other women standing while the rest applauded.

After she sat, Jessica leaned over and whispered, "We get at least ten of you ladies every week."

Sharon smiled and then directed her attention to Mariko. She was perfectly at home speaking to a group of this size. Surveying the room she saw women of all ages, color and size listening attentively. She couldn't help but feel the air of confidence on all and wondered if they could sense the same in her. Mistressing was about being adored and respected. It was about knowing others would obey at the snap of a finger and that life projected an unmistakable aura that could be seen easily. She felt this in her but wondered if that 'sense of entitlement' was evident when others observed her from afar.

She directed her attention back to Mariko who was talking about a subject she had not before heard: cuckolding. She projected several pictures on the screen behind the podium. Mostly they were scenes with a medieval-romantic flare, each showing a woman intertwined with a man while another man looked on.

Mariko said casually, "dictionaries define cuckolding as a woman who is unfaithful to her husband but we all know that in the society we foresee coming it will be one in which we women dictate policy both publically and privately at home. My hope is that this negative connotation to such a lifestyle will eventually be replaced with one in which it is both accepted and appreciated. That will only happen when we become a majority force in society.

I know that several of you have cucks in your household that you enjoy. It's not a life for all but those of you who have taken on an additional slave or two have set up a structure within your home that works quite well. Cucking can take on many forms within a polygamous Mistress/slave household. And in each case the mistress must decide how it is she wants to establish the pecking order of the multiple slaves she owns. Will they be equals, serve different roles or will one have more status than the other? Will one be the sexual submissive to a sexually preferred slave? These and many other questions will have to be thought through by the mistress."

She then flashed several porn shots of sex scenes in which a second man lay, knelt or waited with his head only inches from the action. "This is the public impression of what a cuck is. There are thousands of sites selling this stuff. The porn industry has capitalized on this lifestyle. Typically pictures depict a woman taking a Bull slave, basically a guy with a large cock while her cuck watches them engage in sex. As you can see most cucks are a part of the sex act. Some are there to keep the bull stimulated, some to eat the ass of the mistress, some to clean up the come after they are all through, some," she kept clicking from picture to picture, "are tied to chairs and forced to watch while others are locked outside but made to listen, wondering what is really going on in the bedroom. Most cucked men are depicted as having a small penis, some of whom are locked." Mariko snickered. "Those of you who have cucks know cock size has little to do with turning a slave into a cuck. Rather it's all about creating an attitude, a mindset if you will, and we," she waved a finger around at the crowd, "are the masters' of training the male-mind to think as we want." The room broke out in applause.

Mariko spoke another ten minutes sharing two stories, both from her life in which she cucked a pair of slaves for a short period of time. One cuck, her first, was for sexual enjoyment only; the second was a menial servant cuck. She used the other slave more for companionship while enjoying the services of the cuck-slave to maintain the home and serve as an outlet whenever she wanted to vent frustration or rage.

When she was done Jessica said, "The woman is amazing. I wish I could be like her."

Sharon smiled. She could see the admiration she had for Mariko. "She's the reason I'm here." Sharon paused and then added, "She actually got me started by giving me a slave to train after she had him for a few days."

"Nice. She probably picked you a great guy."

"Not really. He was someone I happened to be working with on a consultation project. Actually my first impression of him was that he was a jerk."

"I'm sorry."

"Oh, don't be sorry," Sharon countered, "He's not at all the same guy he was and he's learning new ways to make me feel like a queen." She raised her eyebrows a few time in a suggestive way.

The girl beamed. "Maybe you can let me test drive him sometime. Maybe we can switch and you can try out mine. He's pretty good."

"Maybe," Sharon answered noncommittally.

"Think about it. If the price is right, I might even give you an offer for him. I think I might want to try out the whole cuck thing that Mariko talked about."

"I think I'll keep mine for now," she said, "but maybe we could get together. That might be fun."

Before Sharon left she had exchanged contact information with several women, including Jessica and the older woman who owned three slaves. While Mariko drove Sharon downtown to get her car and pick up her slave they talked. Sharon expressed how much she enjoyed the evening and promised to come more often. That pleased Mariko who said far too many mistresses who previously trained great slaves in years past had lost some of their edge because they lack the support of other slave-owners. Sharon liked that phrase. She had never thought of herself as a slave-owner but indeed she was indeed one. She agreed a support group was a necessity and reiterated once more how much she appreciated Mariko's guidance. Mariko thanked her but encouraged her to reach out to others as well.

They parted ways after eleven and it was nearly midnight before she had pulled the cords taut securing Thirty five in the basement and slipping under the warm comforter upstairs.

...

Several days later the 6:30 AM text arrived and Sharon left for work alone. Bobby was transported once more to the Sorority house. Although he was blindfolded, the feel and smell of the place was unmistakable. He'd never forget the feel and smells of this place that held over twenty fond memories. He figured the girls would soon be heading out of here for break. Christmas was less than a week away.

"They are probably all wasted from finals," he thought while being led into what felt like a large room.

"Lie down," a voice told him.

He obeyed.

"If you need to pee, tell someone. Otherwise you are not to speak. Girls will use you for as little or long as they wish. I'll pick you up. Who's first?" His transporter asked, apparently speaking to more than one.

"I'll go first," came the reply.

Bobby lay supine as a slim figure straddled his face. The soft hair of her sex graced his face only for a second before she pressed firmly against him. She let him lick and soon they moved in a fluid unison of thoughts, feelings and emotions. The naked and caged slave couldn't feel the pleasure he generated deep within the young woman he served but he found a deep sense of satisfaction, even arousal at being privileged to eat her sex and drive her to the orgasm she so desperately wanted. What she wasn't aware of at the time was just how explosive the coming orgasm would prove to be.

Bobby felt her movements, felt the tension growing as she pressed her legs against his shoulders and heard her gasp in delight as one blissful feeling after another pulsated through her groin and radiated outward in every direction. When she came she came hard and wet. The sound of cheers erupted, breaking the zone in which he had formally found himself. As soon as she calmed, he heard feet nearby and knew she was being replaced by another.

He started again. This one was of African American descent. He could tell be her course hairs. Her pussy was thicker than the other. Her folds more pronounced, the smooth mucus linings of her cunt more extensive, the thin piece of tissue that extended down when aroused fuller. This was a nice pussy and he quickly reentered 'being in the know' as she grabbed him by the hair with both hands and roughly rode him to a detonating climax. When she had come the room once more exploded with cheers, hoots and vulgar comments.

This process repeated itself many times over. He had no idea how many women he had eaten but it was a lot. He took three pee-breaks, always with supervision and was given a light lunch and some bottled water to keep his mouth wet. Other than those interruptions he worked for several hours. Finally when Mistress came he was indeed worn out. She was about to leave when one of the girls said something to her.

"Are you sure?" Mistress answered.

A second later the blindfold was pulled free. Bobby blinked and then stared at the room he was in. It was a large meeting area; large enough to host a dance and it was filled with college girls, all applauding him.

"You licked everyone here," the cute blonde said pointing with her hand around the room. "We wanted you to see how many you served."

Bobby didn't know what to say. He wasn't sure if he was permitted to talk. He looked at Mistress. She nodded.

"I loved taking care of every one of you. Have a Merry Christmas."

"Come again," came the cries from several. Others kissed him affectionately on the cheek and whispered how much they loved having him lick their pussy.

As Mistress led him outside she said, "You are a real hit with the ladies, slave."

"I only want to be a hit with you."

"Don't worry; I'll give you plenty of time tonight to let you fulfill that desire." She smiled and hurried her naked slave down the walk and quickly into the trunk.

He got in feeling sad. He hoped to sit next to her again but reminded himself, "I'm her slave and nothing more."

The door shut and the car soon moved away from the curb.

...

She heard the noise coming from downstairs. Thirty-five heard the same thing upstairs. Sharon slipped on a robe and slippers and ran downstairs. Laying in the front room lay a brick with the words 'bitch' painted on it in bold letters. The front window had been shattered and cold air blew into the room.

"I'll kill her!" Sharon screamed.

Sharon ran to the basement, freed her slave. "Get upstairs and fix the dam window. I'll be back!" She hurried back up leaving him to wonder what had happened. She was pissed.

"By the time he was dressed and had temporarily secured plastic sheeting where the plate glass window had once been she had showered and dressed.

He looked her way. She didn't speak and he didn't ask. "Slaves don't ask questions," he murmured quietly. It was a phrase she had drilled into his head more times than he cared to remember. He smiled thinking how effective her repetitive teaching methods had proved to be. "Perfect practice makes perfect," she would often say.

The house was now cold. He turned down the thermostat. No sense running the heat if the house wasn't going to warm up anyway. The water pipes weren't going to freeze. It was just going to take some time to repair Jasmine's damage. He was certain it was her once he saw the brick. After making a few calls he texted her once he had formed a plan. Two hours later she returned with the materials he had requested. By then he had cleaned off the old glaze so the window pane was ready to be installed when she arrived. He hoped she'd be pleased. He worked another hour, installing glazing pins and finally glaze. It took him until almost noon before everything was done but once it was the window looked better than the fifty year old one that had been there. Bobby headed upstairs and found her.

"Eat my pussy slave." She was still fuming.

He situated himself between her legs and brought her to one orgasm after another. She came like she always did but this time it was different. Bobby felt he was not so much doing this to please her as he was an object for her to sexually vent upon. He could feel her anger. He felt used. He felt fucked. His face was sore from being raked across her pussy so many times. But she came and came hard. Eventually she pushed him away and ordered him back to the basement.

When she came down, a while later, she was still naked except for a t-shirt. Without saying a word she cuffed both hands and pulled on the cords until he stood on his toes.

"I hate that bitch," she said from somewhere behind him.

"Ahhhh," he cried out as the belt whacked against his ass.

"I need to put this to an end once and for all slave!"

"Ahhh, Ahhhh, Ahhh," he cried out as the blows continued.

"You need to put an end to this!"

Five more blows stung his ass and lower back.

"You, not me, will bring this to an end!" She was screaming now and each blow brought tears to his eyes. She kept wailing away. Why, he did not know. He wasn't sure she knew. She simply needed an outlet and he was the perfect thing to express her anger upon. After giving him some forty lashes she walked around the cross and poked her sobbing slave in the chest with a finger.

"This is your doing slave." She spit on him. "She's taking it out on me but this is all your dam fault and you're going to fix it."

Struggling to compose himself he sniffled and whispered, "How mistress?"

She ignored him. "For the past two weeks I kept thinking I had to solve this. Then it came to me this morning; this is all your doing. You're the one that got us involved with this chick. You're the one that led her on and slept with her. You're the one that left me and drove off with her so you're going to be the one that takes the risks now. I'm sure as hell not going to."

"I don't know what you mean Mistress."

"You're going to do exactly what I tell you. That's what you're doing!"

"And what's that?"

"I want you to kidnap her. I want her here without her ever knowing it was you that took her. And I don't want any one seeing you do this."

Bobby could see the fury in her eyes. He wasn't sure if Mistress was angry at her or at him.

She went on, "You get her here; and I mean right here!" She pointed to the cross. "And I want four more bolts anchored onto this side of the cross because I'm going to string the bitch up myself. Do you understand me?"

"Yes Mistress. I don't know..."

"I only asked if you understood. I didn't tell you to voice concerns."

"I don't have a car," he said meekly.

"I'll get you one. But you get her here tonight and don't you even think about running away. I will kill you if you do."

"Mistress I would nev..."

She stormed off and slammed the basement door shut leaving him still strung up. His back felt like it was on fire. She had said things that had cut him to the core; things reminding him she hadn't completely forgiven or forgotten his transgressions. He would never leave her. He loved her. He only wished she could feel at least some of those same feelings toward him. Pushing the pain aside, he began to think. She had asked so much of him this time. Things only a criminal mind might be able to successfully pull off. He doubted his abilities but knew failure was not an option.

"Oh Mistress," he cried out. "I am so sorry I didn't listen to you!" His thoughts went back to that Friday afternoon when he had run off with Jasmine. Now she was asking him to go back there but with a very different purpose in mind.

A Tennessee Education Pt. 05
byKatiekatsman©

Another slave joins Sharon's household.

In Part 5 the story focuses on Bobby's old flame Jasmine. Although they never really had much together she never really left his life, even after bonding as Mistress Sharon's slave. Jasmine reappears and, well you will have to read to learn what happens. As stated in each of the previous parts, this story is a fantasy and one in which female dominance/femdom is advocated. If female dominance/male submission or man subjugated to slavery is not what you are looking for you will not want to read further. If it is, I hope you enjoy the read. Before you read here, please read the previous parts as each section builds on the one previous.

*****

A Tennessee Education

Part 5: No Longer Alone

Bobby sat on the fallen tree shivering. The temperatures on a late December evening, even in Tennessee, could get pretty brutal. He should have worn more but it was too late to do anything about that now. He brought very little with him, just enough to complete Mistress' request. Earlier, while there was still daylight he had scoped out her place. No one was there. He hoped only she would get out of the car when she eventually came home.

Two hours after dark lights appeared. He tensed then grabbed the one essential item he needed most. When the car opened he saw only her. She was alone. He breathed a sigh of relief and instantly considered his next action. Fortunately for him she forgot her purse and leaned back inside to grab it. When she did he pounced, pulling the canvas bag down over her.

She screamed and fought but it was too late. He had practiced this maneuver several times before leaving home and had worked out the kinks. The 'bag' was a six foot long, two foot diameter plastic bag. Bobby had carefully cinched it so it would unfold evenly and fluidly slide down over his victim. In seconds he duct-taped the bag shut at its open end and then wrapped tape around the middle of the bag several times to restrict movement. She screamed the entire time but there wasn't a soul within a half-mile. Nevertheless it made Bobby want to get her situated even sooner now that he was actively engaged with an out-of-control Jasmine. Running to the rental he had hidden down the road he drove it to her driveway, made sure no one was in sight and pulled to where she lay squirming. He threw her in the trunk and then tossed her car keys in the house. After performing a careful search of the area making certain he had left no trace he headed for home.

Several miles later he drove off the interstate and onto a closed weigh-station that was far enough off the highway to give him some privacy. After stopping he opened the lid and as soon as she felt him touch her she began screaming once more. Carefully Bobby lifted the sack to expose her feet and then duct taped them together. He lifted the sack a little further and did the same to her knees. When there was a break in the passing traffic he hefted her out of the trunk and tossed her onto the nearby grass, making sure his car blocked the view of anyone looking his way. Quickly he pressed both knees against her back, letting all of his weight press down against her. He lifted the sack further, grabbed her hands and roughly pulled them behind her back. She was quite strong but once he had her arms behind her back she was much easier to handle and he quickly taped them together. Finally he reached under the canvas and slipped a small hood over her head. Only then did he fully remove the larger sack.

"If you make a sound I'm going to blow you away," he said in a whisper.

She could feel the steel against her head and immediately quieted. It was a length of pipe but she thought otherwise and immediately did what he told her.

"That's better. Now sit up," he said still whispering. He decided he couldn't talk in fear of her knowing who he was. She sat. "I'm going to lift the hood off. If you move, you're dead."

She remained stock still while he lifted the hood halfway up. He quickly duct taped her mouth and pulled the hood back down. More duct tape on the outside of the hood over where her mouth was made certain she'd not make another peep.

An hour later he pulled into the driveway. Mistress was waiting and pointed for him to park the rental in the garage. When he got out Mistress held a finger to her lips. Whispering and pointing she had him carry her to the basement. He did, stringing her up on the Cross once he had the eyebolts fastened as she had told him to do earlier.

"Now this is odd. This is what she usually does to me," he thought as he cuffed and pulled the cords uncomfortably tight.

Sharon inspected his work, checking to make sure she was completely immobile. She wished she could see the look of terror in Jasmine's eyes but that would have to wait. She'd see it soon enough.

"Strip her!" It was the first words she had heard from anyone in quite a while.

She handed him a pair of scissors. "Cut everything off."

Jasmine struggled but quickly realized she wasn't going anywhere.

He cut her clothing methodically from her as she wriggled futilely.

"You go upstairs. Wait for me in the bedroom at your spot. She and I need to have a little chat."

Sharon pulled her head back and whispered through the hood. "This is for ruining my day bitch!"

She swung the strap hard across her ass. She tensed but no words came. She did it again and then again. Hitting and hearing nothing didn't feel right. She needed verification that the strap hurt. She undid the tape, yanked the hood off, knowing she couldn't see behind anyway and finally pulled the tape free of her mouth.

"I want to hear you scream." She hit her again. This time the response was more to her liking.

Two more followed, the screams increased. Then three more followed that. Sharon was in no hurry. This was more about breaking her than causing permanent damage. After the first 10-15 blows she took her time, hitting her a few times, letting her scream and then waiting for her to recover. After a half hour of this what Sharon began to realize was how much Jasmine started fearing her. Her obnoxious venomous utterances changed as the repetitive punishment continued. Rather than cursing, she started pleading but Sharon would have none of it.

Only when the begging was replaced with cries did she even consider stopping. Jasmine was now where Bobby had been when she beat him those consecutive days some months ago. Each blow to his body caused her nearly as much pain as it did him. However, this time there was no sympathy in her heart. There was no emotional bond between the two women that was being tested now. However the response by both Bobby and Jasmine was identical. Both slave and slut went through the same emotional progression as the blows wore on. Resistance replaced their initial anger but eventually Sharon wore down any residual resistance. Eventually they both ended up begging for leniency and then when none came, progressed to their final stage - resignation. Resignation that nothing she did, said, wanted or hoped had any bearing on what she'd experienced. This was where Jasmine was now. As Sharon caused three more welts to appear across her thighs she noticed Jasmine now hung without any resistance. She only sobbed and waited for the next set of blows to come.

Looking over her welted and red body Sharon took a moment to view her, woman to woman. She was indeed beautiful. Her figure was perfect in every way and she realized the temptation she presented to Bobby. "Too bad she is so screwed up in the head," Sharon thought.

After giving her a final set of blows she departed, leaving her to a night of misery while she headed up for some much needed personal attention. What pleased Sharon most was the thought that Jasmine had no conclusive evidence as to who it was that had just beaten her. She hoped she'd put the pieces together during the night, and Sharon wanted to give her ample time to do just that. She wouldn't be down again for a good long while. When she got upstairs she decided she wanted an orgasm. She enjoyed him for almost an hour until she tired of him as well, eventually succumbing to sleep. She rested but not peacefully. There had been too much stress in her day; maybe more than she'd experienced in several months.

The following morning slave cleaned the bed and bath rooms while Mistress dressed and readied herself for the day. This had become a usual routine, not done every morning but rather whenever she released him long enough to get these chores done. Besides meal prep and general cleaning of the entire home Mistress had slowly added other tasks to his growing list of requirements.

Bobby enjoyed the work. Not being caged, anchored to the floor or ceiling or strung up in the basement was a welcome relief and spending time working on behalf of Mistress was a refreshing alternative. While he folded clothes he felt her hands running down his chest, eventually finding his cage. The caress felt wonderful. A moment later he saw the key dangling between her thumb and finger.

"Turn around," she said playfully. "I want you to shave what you can't get at. When the lock was removed and the cage pulled free, he immediately sprung to full attention. "The little boy sure loves to present for me," she said happily. She stroked him making sure his engorgement was full.

"Come here." She pulled him by the cock into the bedroom and pushed him back. He fell, landing on the edge of the bed. She pushed his chest again, making him lie fully on the bed, his feet still reaching the floor. Taking the lubricant she moistened her hands and then him, stroking until he started to groan. Continuing with the tease, she brought him right to the edge before stopping.

"Now you know the rules slave. Oh," she said, "I've decided to call you slave instead of Thirty-five. Have you noticed?"

"I wondered what you were thinking."

"Slave more accurately describes you and all the ladies at the meeting call their males by the same name. I didn't want to be different."

"I didn't know about a meeting."

Sharon smiled. "That's because I didn't tell you." She smiled, knelt between his legs and sucked a testicle into her mouth. Finally, she said, "I sat in a room with 300 other mistresses the other night. Can you believe that?"

"Not really," he said honestly.

"I wouldn't have either but its true and there are about ten times as many who live within a half hour or so from center city."

She licked his balls while stroking his cock. "Anyway," she paused to swallow another ball and feel the size of it sandwiched between tongue and palate, "you have nice balls. Oh, I was saying, Mistress Mariko talked to us about something I've never heard of. She called it cuckolding. Is that word familiar to you?"

"No Mistress."

"Basically when a married woman has an affair and her husband knows about it but does nothing it's called a cuckold relationship and the husband is referred to as the cuck."

Slave groaned as the stroking and intermittent ball play continued.

"Are you listening to me slave?"

"Yes Mistress; every word."

She smiled. "Well the term is also be used when a mistress has more than one slave. She enjoys one for sex and makes the other one watch or makes him jealous of what she and the other slave are doing. Sometimes she even makes the cuck suck the other slave or even clean her pussy after she's been filled with come."

"I never heard of that."

"Well, now you have. I think that would make for quite an interesting relationship don't you?"

"Are you telling me you need more than just me?"

Sharon smirked when she once more heard him reveal a profound emotion. "Why do you ask?" she fondled his balls waiting for an answer.

"I," he paused not sure how to express himself. "I hoped that I would be enough, enough to satisfy and please you."

She wondered just how much he worried that he didn't. She was about to reassure him but decided against it. She mused, "The insecurity might be best. Dependence is a good thing. Keeping him wondering if he is enough for me is even better."

She smiled, wondering what he was thinking. She wasn't going to answer. Instead she kept stroking his beautiful long, thick shaft. "I see you're getting close. Would you like to come?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Do you want to really come or do you want to come like last time? "Tell you what," she said, "I'll give you the choice and I'll let you decide. Really I will. But I want you to know I like the way you came last time best." She giggled, "So what's your choice?"

Bobby smiled, unbeknownst to her. He knew he had no choice and the choice she offered was not one at all. Not after she stated her preference. And, he did love the way his body felt when she did what she did last time. It felt so good but left him wanting even more. That was the best part; the wanting more but not getting more. He answered, "Like the last time Mistress."

She stroked him again. "Would you like every time to be that way?"

"I want to please you Mistress."

"Is that a yes?"

"It is."

"OK, if you insist," she said flippantly. "Let's get this show on the road; shall we?" Soon she had edged him just past the point of no-return. She rested her head against his inner thigh, looking up at the towering shaft pulsating before her. It twitched and moved but nothing happened. She stroked it gently using only the flat of her hand along the sensitive underside. That's all it took. The twitching started again but this time she could see his balls tighten further. Soon one twitch caused him to blurp out a thick wad of come that fell heavily onto his stomach. After that the twitches amounted to nothing more than a freely flowing stream of the stuff that ran down his cock. As it flowed she extended her tongue and pushed it upward, gathering all of it in her mouth. Cupping her mouth over the tip of his cock she let the rest flow into hers. She tasted the saltiness of his seed.

When he was through, she moved to his head and gently tugged at his chin. When he opened she let his come pass from her mouth into his.

"Swallow," she said, moving her tongue around her upper lip. "That tastes pretty good actually."

Sharon spotted the pool of come on his abdomen and sucked it up. Returning to his face and trying to refrain from laughing she moved to his mouth and then kissed him for the first time. The kiss lingered, her tongue penetrating him, exploring his cavity and passing the milky fluid to him in the process.

When she finally pulled away she looked at him a moment longer. He could see a deep affection in those eyes. It lasted only for a moment but Bobby saw it clearly. She pointed in the direction of the bathroom.

"No I don't," she said answering his earlier question. She wondered if he even remembered which question she hadn't answered. "Now shower, shave and come to me as soon as you're done."

She left the room.

Bobby could hardly believe what had just happened. "Wow!" He said quietly.

...

"Help me ...Help me, please."

"Slave, fix me a mug of coffee and sit down. I want to tell you something," she said over the cries.

He hurried to the kitchen while the begging from the floor below continued. It made Bobby wonder what Mistress had said to her after she sent him upstairs. As he prepared her drink he realized just how little interest he had in knowing. She'd tell him only if she darn well pleased. Otherwise it was none of his business. He had come to finally learn, he thought, his only concern was obeying Mistress. Asking what she had done or why she had done something was not. Yes, he strived to know her thoughts, but his actions were confined to anticipating her wishes, needs, and wants, and not waiting to hear the latest gossip.

He looked at her with utmost respect; not only when she was kind, like this morning, but also when she was upset as she was yesterday. He gladly bore the pain she inflicted, both physical and emotional because of the mental bond he had formed with her. That bond went well below the surface and penetrated deep, so deep that it infiltrated parts of his soul he didn't even know existed. He smiled as he brought her the steaming mug. She pointed to the floor where he knelt and presented. The whining from below persisted.

Sharon sipped her coffee. "Perfect," she said.

After another sip she asked, "Are you certain no one saw you take her?"

"Positive. It was late and there's no one that lives anywhere near her. I've been at her place during the day so I knew the lay of the land. Her place is all by itself."

"How long did it take before you drove off?"

"No more than a minute or two."

"And you're certain no one heard or saw you?"

"No car came by; no one was on the road, and no one was inside the trailer. I'm sure. I checked."

"Wonderful. And she doesn't have family?"

"She told me the only family she has is the guy she's married to. He wants to divorce. Jasmine thinks he wants it because he's playing around with someone on the side."

"And now she's here." She said thoughtfully hearing her say something unintelligible.

"Stroke slave; keep it hard for me." Her toe tapped his cock.

She sat for some time watching him masturbate while she drank her cup of Joe. Her legs were pulled up and both hands gripped the mug.

"OK stop. I have an idea. It might change but this is what I'm thinking. I'm going to let her stay there until tomorrow. But I want you to put the headphones on her; you know the ones I'm talking about?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Put them on and turn on the light. I want her good and tired. Tomorrow I'll see if Charlie can make her a collar."

Bobby's eyes widened in surprise.

"Yea, that's right. I'm going to collar her. I want a way to mark her. As soon as he's done with her I want you to bring your cage in from the back yard. Do you know where the sump pump hole is?

"Yes."

"Put the cage over it. I'm going to break this bitch once and for all."

...

"Untie the bitch," she said walking around in front of the cross for the first time. She looked at her prisoner with distain.

"We meet again, Jasmine. You don't look so good."

Jasmine said nothing. The blank stare told her all she needed to know.

Sharon pulled on the leash connected to slave. "Look, now I have two of you collared. Lucky me!" her tone was purposefully sarcastic.

After freeing her legs he unclasped her arms. She almost collapsed when he did but Bobby steadied her.

"Put her into her cage," she said pointing to the corner.

"Please don't," she said. Her voice was like that of a small child.

"Put her in." And, she pulled her head back to look her in the eye. "If you resist, you know what's coming."

When slave got her situated he was sent upstairs. Jasmine lay curled, her eyes welling with tears once more. Sharon opened the door and slipped in several bottles of water. On top of the cage she hefted a large bag of dog food.

"I thought you'd like to rest awhile. I honestly am not sure what to do with you yet so I'm going to spend some time thinking. In the meantime, welcome to my home. This is your bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom," she said yanking on the cage grates. "Make yourself at home. You have plenty of water here and I'll have slave bring you more at some point. I don't know when so you might want to drink it sparingly." She laughed.

I also brought you food. It's up there," she pointed and Jasmine looked. "Open it carefully because you won't want to waste it. Slave tells me it's not too bad. I wouldn't know. I don't eat shit. And, speaking of shit, if you have to go, the hole is below. You can even pee in there too but it's just a hole so it's going to reek down here after you go a few times."

She looked at the now tearful eyed blonde. She was even beautiful when she cried. Her breasts hung heavy but she didn't look like the sex bomb she had when she first arrived. "Amazing what a little extra time standing without sleeping will do to a thing as pretty as her," she said.

Jasmine said, "Why? Why are you doing this?"

"Don't even go there asshole. You're going to make me pull you out of the cage and string you up again. Is that what you want me to do? Is it?"

"No," she said weakly.

"I didn't think so. Now get some sleep."

Just then her phone chimed. She checked the text. It was from Jessica. Sharon smiled.

Sharon read the text: "Free for dinner tonight? 6? My place?"

Sharon replied and headed upstairs.

...

"Slave?" he called.

He came, hurrying down the stairs. "Yes Mistress."

"Present! Time to lock you up." She did.

"Now, go get three of the thickest blankets from the upstairs closet and bring them to me. Hurry!"

When he returned he couldn't find her. He ran through every room, looked out the front and back and then called for her. She was in the basement. She had him spread the blankets out near the cage. He noticed Jasmine watching him sleepily.

"Lie down." She pointed to the floor. "On your back, head there," she barked.

Bobby lay with his head no more than a foot from her cage.

She slowly slipped out of her outfit, letting the caged woman take her all in. "This is going to be nice Jasmine. He obeys me completely. He does whatever I tell him and I wanted to show you what it's like to own a slave." She smiled while taking her time undressing. She slipped out of her panties, tossing them aside. "Slave, it's time to show Jasmine just how good you are," she said standing astride his shoulders and facing the cage.

Slowly she squatted, bringing her shaved pussy down toward his mouth. When she was within a few inches he opened his mouth. "See how good he is. I haven't told him to do anything so he won't; but do you know what? He wants me bad. He wants me really bad."

She knelt, still keeping her pussy away from his mouth. "Watch this Jasmine."

She watched emotionlessly.

"Time to eat slave." Immediately he came to her, lifting his head off the blanket and coming to her cunt. Sharon cooed. Jasmine watched as she slowly lowered her hips as her slave licked the woman he so dearly loved.

For as much as Sharon wanted to shove the controlling dominance into the face of Jasmine, even she lost herself in his nurturing touches. He was simply that good. Soon she grabbed hold of the cage while rhythmically moving over him. She could see Jasmine watching, her eyes scanning the nexus of their bodies as well as assessing her beautifully formed figure.

Sharon's chest heaved as her orgasm approached. Slave didn't let her linger but took her to a climax quickly. Sharon pulled hard on the cage, so hard she lifted the far side an inch off the ground while basking in the throes of sexual satisfaction.

When she settled some she said, "God that felt good Jasmine." She looked down patting his cheek affectionately. "Good slave." She toyed with his hair. "Too bad you're so tired or I might let you try him. You think you might want to sometime sweetie?" She smiled devilishly, "Maybe another time."

Sharon blew the blonde a kiss. "Want to watch another? OK," she said after a brief pause, "Come closer." She pulled the cage until if tipped. Jasmine slid toward her. "There you go. I didn't want you to miss anything. Can you see my pussy from there?"

Jasmine stared at her blankly continuing to say nothing while being taunted. There was no real interest in what she was seeing in her eyes although Sharon sensed the hatred for her she harbored. It was exactly the response she hoped to produce. She wanted her to hate her. She wanted Jasmine to despise her for taking the man she wanted. And with that on her side she descended once more, commanded him to eat her pussy and soon came to a second climax. Before she was through she had four more and after each one she looked her captive pest in the eye and gloated, telling her just how much she loved putting him on his back and sitting on his face and using him like he was nothing. "That's why I call him a slave," she said after her third. When she sat with the full weight of her body on his face she told him to prolong the arousal and he did so expertly, culminating her detonation only after she gave him permission. When she was through she lay facing the woman she despised and watched tears fall from her eyes.

"Don't worry about me using him all the slut, before I'm through with you I'm going to have you licking my pussy and you're going to do it willingly." She cackled demonically.

"Over my dead body!" she said, finally speaking.

"I have no problem making that happen, slut. After all, no one knows you are even here. That means I co with you whatever I want and I intend to break that cocky arrogant spirit of yours before I'm through. Never forget this Jasmine: you are mine for as long as I want to abuse, torture or hurt you and no one is going to ever know anything about what goes on down here."

"I hate you!"

"I hope you do. But you won't forever. In fact you will come to love me in time."

"Never!"

"You're pathetic. Look at you. Sitting cramped in a dog cage over a shit hole watching me make you beloved boyfriend lick my pussy and do it exactly the way I want. But I'll make you want me. In fact I'm laying odds you will beg me to do what he just did."

"You're joking," she said now crying uncontrollably.

"I guess we will both find out in time now won't we?" The satisfaction of seeing her in this state was almost as rewarding as the orgasms she had just experienced. She slid down, lying fully on her slave. She kissed him. Looked at Jasmine and then kissed him again.

The kiss was a passionate one and Bobby enveloped her with his strong arms. He wondered if the kiss was one she truly wanted or only done to prove a point. Regardless, she felt so good. He didn't want the moment to end.

...

Sharon kept slave busy the rest of the day working on various projects. There had not been even a peep from the basement and she suspected she was sound asleep. When he had finished most of what was on her list she had him shower while she dressed. She chose a sexy outfit she had recently purchased, touched up her face and had him comb out her hair.

"OK, let's go. You're in the trunk." She snapped her finger, pointed to the car and watched him hustle out to the garage. Sharon smiled at the quickness of his response. "I love this life," she said quietly.

When the car stopped she let him out on the curb secured a leash and told him to follow. It was dark and very cold. The wind cut through his nakedness and he was so glad no one was out tonight. In all his months being transported he had only spotted one other naked slave out in public. He wondered why law enforcement hadn't cracked down on this behavior.

Bobby watched as a younger darker haired woman greeted Mistress with a hug. She was an inch or so shorter and quite shapely. He could tell immediately she was outgoing; her bubbly personality making Mistress feel right at home immediately. She invited the two in and he could feel the woman assessing him. He hoped she'd approve.

"This is slave," said Sharon.

The woman gave him a perfunctory look and clapped her hands. In came another man similarly locked. He was shorter and thinner than Bobby. To Sharon both appeared to be no more than twenty. They seemed so young. She wondered why she hadn't noticed her youth the other week when they first met at the Mistress Meeting.

The ladies enjoyed glasses of wine while their slaves were sent to the kitchen to prepare dinner. The men worked silently neither having been given permission to speak. Jessica had them prepare manicotti covered in red sauce, a garden salad, Italian bread and of course her favorite cabernet. When the meal was ready, Jess's slave stood at the entrance to the living room, his back toward the ladies.

"Our meal is ready," she said motioning to her slave.

"I like that. He lets you know without standing and staring."

The ladies rose and were seated by their respective slaves in the small dining area of the quaint two-bedroom apartment.

"May I?" Jess asked pointing to the slaves.

"Sure," she answered curiously. She snapped her fingers. Her slave dropped into worship position. Jess snapped once more, this time to Bobby did the same.

"That's better," Sharon said smiling. "Mine can eat when he gets home."

"I was hoping to feed him before he left," she giggled, "If that's OK with you."

Sharon smiled noncommittally. She ate some salad. "This dressing is wonderful."

Grinning and biting her tongue she answered the redirected comment. "It's my mom's recipe."

The two girls chatted freely for the next hour while their slaves remained in worship position next to their chair. Neither moved the entire time. Sharon talked most of the time as Jess peppered her with questions about her work, family, and background. When they finished they retired to the front room, had Jess's slave fill their glasses with wine and made the guys return to worship positions beneath their legs.

Sharon swallowed, "So you know all about me, now tell me about yourself. Did you grow up here?"

"No, I'm not sure where I grew up. Mom and I moved around so much over the years."

"Did your dad pass away young?"

"I wish. No, Mom got pregnant when she was in eleventh grade and my dad left that summer for college. I've seen a few pictures of him but never knew him."

"I'm sorry to hear that. I can't imagine how hard that was for the two of you."

"I think it was hard on Mom. Growing up without a dad I guess you don't know what you are missing. We lived with my grandparents for a few years. My grandpa was my dad. Then we moved north and after that I didn't see them nearly as much as before. We'd drive to see them lots but it wasn't the same as living with them."

"Did you grow up in the deep south?"

"Oh no, I've lived in Tennessee all my life," she said smiling proudly. "Grandma and grandpa lived in a little town called Randolf. It's tiny."

Sharon almost choked on her drink at the word. "Excuse me. I think some went down the wrong tube."

"You said Randolf?"

"Yea, it's a little place about an hour or so south of here."

"And you lived there till you were about ten?"

"Something like that. Mom got a job closer to the city so we moved. I think she wanted space from Grandma and Grandpa but I remember that being a hard time. I loved them."

"I bet that was tough."

"Well, we moved a few times while I was in school and after I graduated I moved to the city and found work. There was a lady at the bank where I was employed who told me about a women's group. That's when I met Mariko. That lady turned my life around."

"How was that?"

"Slave and I," she motioned to the man at the floor, "had been dating for several months. I liked him a lot but I was afraid about making a commitment after what happened to Mom. I had this anxiety thing about men and Mom never did anything to make that easier. I don't think she ever said anything good thing about my dad or about any other man for that matter. Anyway, I kept coming to the Mistress meetings and after a month or so I confronted slave and told him that if he wanted to stay with me things would have to change. We talked about our relationship and my apprehensions. He didn't want to lose me and so we started living like Mariko advised. Things went from good to great - for me anyway." She grinned and patted her slave on the head. "I think he'd say the same thing too." She took another taste and held her glass up as if toasting. "We got married in that church where Mariko sets up shop and, well," she paused, "here we are."

Sharon finished her wine just as her story came to an end. She tapped her slave on the back. When he looked up to see her holding an empty wine glass she could see he'd been crying.

She didn't have to ask why.

"Thank you," she said taking her refilled glass and pointing once more to the floor. "So do you like living this way Jess? You know, having a slave?"

"It's wonderful. I think that's why the Mistress group is growing."

"Growing much lately?"

"Oh my, yes. I think it's doubled in size in since I took him as my slave-husband. Word is getting out and women are seeing the wisdom of owning a husband rather than just being married to one."

Sharon nodded in understanding. "I know I'll be coming again to hear more."

"You going to marry this one?"

Bobby's ears perked at the question.

"Honestly, I haven't thought that far ahead. I grew up in a Christian church so I'm sure my folks would not be happy with me living with him but he's never been inside me."

"He must eat well then," she said giggling.

Sharon laughed, "He's pretty good. But as to your question, we had a bit of a rough spell a few months ago. He ran off with a girl he dated after Mariko gave him to me. I made it pretty tough on him after that and well, time will tell how strong his commitment really is."

"Ran off? And you took him back?"

"I did. Maybe that says something about where my head is."

"Where did he go?"

Bobby swallowed hard. Sharon sipped her wine. The silence was gut wrenchingly long. "She actually drove to our work and stole him; took him back to her trailer in the country."

"God, that lady had guts!"

"And he was pretty stupid to go," Sharon added. "Can we put them to work?" She pointed to the dinner meal on the dining room table.

"Sure. Slaves, you heard the lady. Go! Feel free to eat whatever you want but do it in the kitchen."

The boys rose immediately and headed off. There wasn't much left but what little food they hadn't eaten Bobby declined, letting the younger guy dig in. Sharon noticed him not doing much and called, "Come slave!"

He stood presenting. Jessica stood and circled him. She felt the weight of his balls and dug a long fingernail in between the cage grates and pressed her nail against his cock until he flinched, "I always like doing that. I always win." She giggled.

Sharon smiled.

"So this is who Mariko gave you. She ran her hand over his chest and squeezed his shoulders. "He's got some muscle," she said. "But he's a little old for me." She addressed her guest, "May I?"

Sharon nodded.

"Look at me slave." She grabbed both balls firmly and squeezed, "Your mistress just put me in control of you." She squeezed hard and he grimaced in pain.

"Have you taken lessons from the instructor; you know the one that blindfolds you?"

"Yes."

"Yes mistress," she corrected squeezing him hard once more.

"Yes mistress."

"Are you good?"

"Yes mistress."

"If I tell you to show me you will won't you."

"Yes mistress," he answered once again.

"Do you want to eat my pussy slave?"

"No mistress."

"What?!" she squeezed his balls with all her strength, making him double over in pain. She kept squeezing until he cried out begging for her to stop.

Sharon watched the drama unfold. She wasn't sure the affirmative nod was a good idea and now she had no idea how this was going to play out.

"Present slave!" She lifted his chin until he met her gaze. "Have you not taken an oath of obedience?"

"Only to Mistress," he said honestly.

"Is that true?" she asked Sharon.

"Yes."

She asked incredulously, "And you haven't extended that oath to others?"

"Only to Mariko but only if she asks me first."

"And will you extend it to me now?"

"Of course Jessica."

"Did you hear that slave?" It wasn't a question that needed answering. "Do you want to eat my pussy now slave?"

"If it pleases you."

"That's more like it." Her squeeze finally relented leaving Bobby on the verge of vomiting. Jessica unzipped her short skirt and let it fall to the ground. "Kneel and eat slave."

He bent down slowly. She was still wearing panties. In his heart he didn't want to do this. How could he? How could he not? Mistress had released him to her. He faced the pink and white bikini panties. It wasn't that she wasn't beautiful because she was indeed. This had nothing to do with her pussy and everything to do with her.

Jessica looked down at him triumphantly. She loved making a man kneel and this one was no different. It mattered not if he was twenty or sixty. It wasn't really about him eating her, not totally. Is obedience had more to do with making him humble, humble to the point of kneeling and eating a cunt while others watched. She slid the material to one side revealing the dark mound that covered her wet slit.

She pulled him to her and he felt her wetness against his nose and lips. His tongue apprehensively licked. "Come on, lick me."

He did but cautiously so. "Is he always like this?"

Sharon shrugged. "He's always been amazing when he's eaten me."

In frustration she pulled her panties off, laid on the edge of the loveseat and pointed to her crotch. "Get over here and eat. If you don't satisfy me to my satisfaction you will be punished."

Bobby Lewis, Father of Jessica came and buried his face into her sex. He wrapped both arms under and around her thighs and licked her with emotions he had never before felt. Guilt, shame, hurt, abandonment, joy of seeing her now, admiration, appreciation. There were too many feelings flooding his mind at the moment but their concoction created a powerful mix and in seconds he found himself in the zone and she climaxed screaming with delight three minutes later.

"Don't stop. I want another one," she gasped while pulling his face back into her cunt. He obeyed and brought her to a height of eroticism she had never ever felt or believed possible. The vaginal contractions continued as she orgasmed almost immediately. This time the orgasm didn't stop but kept coming like a series of waves hitting her one after the other. She had never felt anything close to this. Juices flowed into his mouth as his tongue continued to milk every possible emotion out of her. Finally she grabbed his hair and pushed him just far enough away so she could recover.

"I want you again but I need to rest." Her breathing was hard and the look in her eye told him just how full her lust for him was.

Jessica pushed him against her groin and fondled his hair. "Do you want to try mine?" She asked Sharon.

Sharon could see the burning lust in her eye and realized the offer was more of an obligated one than genuine. "I'm good," he just satisfied me before we came over," she lied.

"You sure? It would be fun to have us both explode at the same time."

"Thanks but I'll watch you two go at it."

Jess looked at her father. "I want three more in a row, back to back to back." She pulled him to her and he gave her just that. When she came that third time she squirted. Never had she done such a thing and the shock of the pulsation caught Bobby square in the face.

What it did to Jess he could only imagine but based on her response to the orgasm she was a mixture of pleasure so intense that it almost appeared painful. He knew better though, there was not an ounce of negative emotion when she erupted. The emotional discharge emitted was so carnal and like nothing he had ever experienced; then again, he had never ever been in a zone like that. "Could it be because...?" He didn't even want to go there.

Sharon watched the familial copulation unfold. It was a beautiful thing to see and there was an undercurrent of feelings she had not noticed when she watched him take care of the sorority girls. God, there was something going on here that didn't even happen when she used him. There was something different going on here and she wasn't exactly certain if it was healthy or not but she could not deny that what she watched was one of the most beautiful interactions of Mistress and slave - or female and male - she had ever seen.

"That was so goooooddddd," Jessica finally said. She looked at the slave and with feeling cupped his cheeks between her hands. "Thank you slave. Thank you. You may go to your Mistress. As much as I don't want you to ever leave me I just can't take any more of what you have to give."

Bobby looked at her with mixed emotions before crawling back to Mistress. When Sharon opened her legs and he knelt between her legs, resting the side of his head against one of her thighs. Mistress glanced down at him and commenced caressing his face.

"Wow! Now that was intense," agreed Sharon. "I take it you enjoyed it."

"I don't know that enjoy would be the word I'd use."

Sharon could see she was at a loss for words.

"It was... it was incredible. I mean it was really incredible." She started giggling. "I - I have never felt anything like that before. I think," She giggled again, "I think I squirted."

"Oh trust me, you did!" she patted slave, "All over his cute little face you did." She smiled.

"I've never done that. I didn't know I could." She shook her head in amazement at the thought of coming so forcefully. "But I don't know that I could handle something like that every day. It was such a powerful feeling. But," she sat up, "now those first orgasms, now they were ones I could get addicted to. I mean really addicted to."

Sharon leaned forward and lowered her voice, "so your slave makes you feel different?"

"Very different. He's good but he makes me feel... I don't know, different." She looked at Sharon with penetrating eyes. "It was like I somehow became one with your slave that last time. Almost like we had made love and climaxed at the same time, if you know what I mean. It's the only way I can describe it."

"I think I understand."

Jessica added, "It was like we were temporarily a single entity, linked spiritually during that final go." She shrugged her shoulders, as if to dismiss a metaphysical topic too big for her mind to comprehend.

Sharon looked down at slave who rested peacefully. Her dress was wet from the tears that trickled down his face.

On the way home Sharon thought about the overwhelmingly miniscule chance of this family reunion of sorts. Although Mariko had mentioned he had fathered a child as a teen she hadn't given it another thought. It was a mistake; a teenage couple succumbing to a moment of passionate love at the wrong time of her cycle. But to think that twenty some years later father and daughter would meet under these circumstances - one a mistress and the other a slave - was mindboggling slim. What bothered her was the connection she witnessed. They had indeed bonded as Jessica so inadequately tried to convey. Sharon realized she didn't like seeing them together and wondered why. Was it because she was bonded to him more than she cared to admit? Yea she enjoyed his company, loved the work he did around the house, loved the way he satisfied her libido but did she have a deeper connection to Bobby Lewis than she wanted to acknowledge - that she refused to acknowledge?

"Holy shit!" she said aloud. "I've got too much going on in my life." She drove in silence the rest of the way. As she neared her home the old passage came to mind once more. "Raise his spirit and then crush it."

"Well who knows what tonight did for him," she thought, "but tonight he's getting strung up in the basement for a reality check."

Ten minutes later she had cuffed and strung him up but this time it was different. This time he was suspended from the other side of the cross and faced away, rather than toward the massive beams. Mistress had tied him so that he faced the cage where Jasmine slept. He was no more than a few feet from her. Before Mistress left him for the night she unlocked his chastity appliance. The retaining ring remained but his cock sprang to full-staff immediately.

"Good night kiddies," she said jokingly. She was glad to be alone, and glad to be away from the smell of urine. She needed a good night's rest.

Bobby watched her pass out of sight and heard her walk quietly upstairs. He had no idea why she had changed things up and was even more puzzled why she let him out of his chastity cage. Soon he settled in and got as comfortable as he could. No sooner had he started to doze when he heard her.

"Bobby?"

Her voice was barely audible. She had waited almost an hour before speaking. His Mistress or whatever her name was, terrified her. She had never before felt such pain. Thinking back to her abduction, she suspected now that it was he who wrestled her to the ground and kidnapped her. She couldn't have done that. She hadn't the strength. That night seemed so long ago. How long had she been here; just a day? She couldn't remember. "Maybe it was two," she thought.

"Bobby," she said again, pulling herself up somewhat in the cramped quarters of the enclosure, "What is she going to do to me?"

He didn't respond. His shoulders were starting to ache. Mistress had really pulled the cords tight this time. Why, he didn't know. He wished she hadn't put him so close to her. He wanted to be alone. Her questions bothered him. He had no answers and he wanted to sleep. He wanted to think. He wanted to dwell on what he had just done with Jessica. He wanted to forget he had ever met her. His mind was a mass of confused thoughts and jumbled feelings and questions that needed sorting and he could do none of that now. "And why had Mistress turned on the nightlight down here. She hardly ever did that. Did she really want the two of them to talk?" Too many thoughts raced around inside him.

"Bobby," she said a little louder. "What's going on? Why are you here?"

"I don't know," he said finally.

"Is she going to kill me?"

"She's not going to kill you Jasmine. She's not like that."

Jasmine began crying, "I'm so scared Bobby. Help me get out of here."

"I can't help you."

"Please. You have to. Please help me."

"I can't Jasmine."

"You can't or you won't?"

The question gave him pause. Would he help if he could? Should he help? The thought remained only for a second and then vanished. "Was that thought a temptation?" He wondered. "Had he not yet given up is all to Mistress?"

"Can't or won't?" She asked again.

"Won't," he said quietly.

"Why? Can't you see what she's doing? Are you so blind that you can't see how perverted this whole situation is?

"Just shut up."

"Bobby, look at us. I'm locked in a cage with dog food to eat and you are stretched on a cross. God knows how long she will keep us here. Don't you want out? Don't you want to get away and go home?"

"I can't ever go home."

"Yes you can. We can go home together. We can marry and I will please you in ways she never can."

He could hear her confidence growing. It was the sound of hope. Hope that she might get free; might get out of here; might leave with him and get her wish to be with him.

"I belong here," he said after a long silence.

"No you don't," she whispered. "This is the last place you belong. She is sick!"

"She's not. Really she isn't. I told you in the trailer that it's complicated."

"What's complicated is your mental state, Bobby. She's brainwashed you."

Bobby had enough. This wasn't going anywhere. He closed his eyes and thought about Jessica.

"Bobby, listen to me. You can't live this way. It's wrong."

He did his best to tune out her words. She was quiet for some time but started in again.

"Hey, I know you are awake. I'm going to get you free. Then you can free me."

He didn't answer. He wished she would shut up. Instead he watched as she lunged toward him. Her cage moved a fraction of an inch. She did it again, and then again. Slowly she came.

"Jasmine, this is not smart. Don't do this."

"I'm getting you out of here."

She kept at it until the cage rested against his legs. Quickly she worked at one of the cuffs, reaching her fingers through the cage bars and unbuckling the three buckles. His leg came free. Jasmine saw the other cuff but it was a good foot out of reach. She lurched in that direction.

Bobby felt instant anxiety when the cuff opened. Mistress had put him here and expected to find him just as she left him when she returned. "Oh god," he said. He could feel his heart banging away inside. The pounding was a warning. He knew that. Mistress would go ballistic. For the first time in a long time he felt fear. Fear for what she might do. "Jasmine, please stop. Please don't do this."

"It's too late. I'm getting out of here and you're going to help me."

"I'm begging you, please don't!" His skin was soaked; the moisture an indication of how stressed he was.

She freed his other leg. "Now the cords," she thought. "Where are the cords tied off? If I can just get to the cords."

She scanned the cross and then spotted them but they were tied off above where she could reach.

"Bobby, where is the key to this lock?"

"Not down here."

"Bobby, help me. Please help me. We're so close. "Pull your feet up and work the buckles free with your feet."

"No Jasmine. I can't do this."

"Of course you can. Now try!"

Bobby started feeling pressure from both sides. He knew he needed to obey Mistress but Jasmine was tempting him in ways he hadn't felt in some time. He was a mass of confused thoughts. He owed Mistress is allegiance. She had trained him to obey. Yet she had instructed him to not only obey but to treat all females with respect and honor. "How many times had she told him to obey any woman that gave him an order: a hundred times? A thousand?" And here he stood with a woman giving him direct commands. He knew she was in the wrong but a part of him felt a need to comply simply because of who she was.

Finally he spoke, "I can't do this. It's wrong Jasmine. It's wrong. I shouldn't have let it go this far. Oh god, what have I done?" He said aloud.

"Bobby!" she pleaded. "Bobby!"

He didn't answer. Instead he sobbed for the third time tonight.

Sharon opened the basement door a few minutes later and quietly came down. She had listened to the entire conversation from the comfort of the living room sofa. Earlier that day, while slave had been working on the upstairs bathroom she had placed a monitor in the basement. Jasmine hadn't heard her. She was sound asleep. What Sharon hadn't expected to do so soon was to put Bobby and Jasmine together. She had every intention of doing so but didn't think she needed to quite this early in her plan to break Jasmine. But after the unexpected encounter between father and daughter Sharon felt it necessary as a way of moving slaves mind away from Jessica. Never in her life did she expect Jasmine would try to escape.

She was pleased to hear slave do what he could to dissuade her from trying. What frustrated her was his refusal to call and seek her help when things went too far. "Why did he seem so powerless to do that?" She didn't understand and that bothered her.

She sat silently listening to their conversation. Jasmine, she realized was far from broken. Yes, she had temporarily surrendered to the strap but her determination was still strong. Sharon realized that only made sense. She had only been here for a couple days. "People just don't give up on their situation so soon," she thought "Even if what she endured the other night was unbearably painful." But to hear her suggest they run off together made her livid. They would both need to be punished. 'How' was the question? How could she punish him in such a way as to make understand he had no right to even consider doing what she had tempted him to do?

Sharon reached the bottom step and turned on the light. She didn't acknowledge them. Rather she walked over to a bench, found the cordless drill and step ladder and drilled two holes into the rafters. Then she spent the next five minutes securing two more eyebolts. Only then did she turn her attention to the two slaves. She said nothing to either but the look Bobby saw was one in which he dreaded. It was not a look of anger but one of considerable lament. She untied the cords and pulled them through the eyebolts of the cross leaving the cuffs still wrapped around his wrists.

"Come here."

She unlocked the cage and grabbed Jasmine's right arm and pulled it out the door.

"Grab hold of her hand slave."

As he did, Sharon wrapped duct tape around them both. She repeated this with the other arm and only then had slave pull her free of the cage. They faced one another, their palms touching.

"Get over here." She pointed to where the step ladder was. Grabbing one of the cords attached to his cuff she threaded it though the eye and pulled the remainder of the cord through. After doing the same with the other cord she pulled both as tight as she could and tied it off to one of the studs that helped support the steps.

"There," she said, "you two want to be together; now you got your wish. Enjoy."

She stomped up the steps and didn't return for another hour.

Hoping that having them strung up as tight as she pulled the cords would take some of their will to rebel away she returned and put a spreader bar between slaves' legs. Then she duct taped Jasmine's ankles to his calves. Because Jasmine was so much shorter she could no longer touch the ground. Sharon smiled, knowing he would have to bear the weight of her body as he hung.

"You wondered if I am going to kill you. That would be too easy of an out. I think this way will be better. And besides if I keep you alive and beat the crap out of you, you just might learn something."

She struck her ten times. Jasmine cried out on the first, yelled on the second and screamed during each of the following eight. She repeated ten more to slave. While she rested she had another 'a-ha' moment. She didn't know why she hadn't thought this through completely but it was obvious now that she hadn't.

"Dam!" she said aloud.

Some minutes later, only Jasmine hung suspended. Her legs remained unbound. Sharon pulled slave by the cock upstairs for a talk. He stood before the chair she usually sat and waited for her to appear. When she did she stood looking at him.

"Why did I send you to get her instead of me?"

"Because I was at fault," he admitted.

"Exactly! So why is it that I'm the one delivering the punishment down there?"

"I don't know Mistress."

"You know," she paused and caressed his cheek with one hand, "you really didn't do anything wrong but you didn't' call me when things started going awry. Slave, not standing up for yourself is what got you in all that trouble last time. Can't you see that?"

"I felt powerless to call you."

"What are you talking about?"

"She started giving me orders and something in her tone," he shrugged his shoulders, "something inside me felt like I needed to listen to her".

"What!..."

Bobby continued, "You've drilled it in to me that I am to always respect women as an authority figure. So even though it's Jasmine those same instincts you hammered at came back. I wanted to call but she was telling me not to. I'm sorry."

Sharon looked at him with sympathetic eyes. She kind of understood what it was he was feeling but not completely. She still wished he had alerted her but at least he had a reason.

"We'll talk more about that another time but for now, here's what's going to happen. You and I are going to go upstairs and get some rest. She's not going anywhere. Tomorrow you are going to be the bad guy, not me. I want her to come to fear you, not me. I want her to think of me as the good one. I expect you to make her life a miserable hell and I want her to see that it's who is making her so wretched."

"Yes Mistress." He answered confidently and directly but his gut knotted up. He hated hurting people and even though Jasmine had done some stupid stuff to Sharon's property he didn't want to think about hurting her the way Sharon had already.

She could see the reservation in his face at having to obey. "You know I'm giving you a direct order. You have no choice in the matter."

Bobby nodded in understanding and then stood in present mode for quite some time. Sharon ignored him and went back to reading a magazine, leaving him standing there like any good mistress would.

"Mistress?" he said some minutes later. "May I go open the basement door to the outside then?"

"Why?"

"Because it's cold outside. Being cold is miserable. If I'm going to do this I might as well get it over with sooner rather than later."

Sharon smiled, "yes you may but be sure you go down the inside steps. I want her to see it's you who is doing this."

"Yes ma'am."

"And hit her a few times while you're there. Might as well get things started off right."

He headed down, while she paused to listen through the monitor. Then she heard a cry of pain as slave slapped her.

"What are you doing?"

Bobby yelled, "You want out? I'm opening the door so you can get out."

She could feel the cold air streaming into the room. "It's freezing out there."

"I know. That's why I opened the door."

"Why Bobby? Don't do this?"

"Do you have any idea how much trouble you have caused me? I mean, do you even have a clue? You are ruining my relationship with Mistress! I made the mistake of going with you when you came to school but you had no right in making that kind of demand of me. Friends just don't do that."

"She is nothing more than a slut!" Jasmine said angrily.

"Don't you dare call her that!"

Bobby slapped her hard across the face making her cry in pain. "And then you came back here and messed up her car and home! Sounds like you are the one who stooped to 'slut' status." He hit her again.

Sharon could hear her wailing. She listened to their conversation another twenty or so minutes. Mostly all she heard were groans and cries. An hour later she heard the expected pleas and soon after he left she heard her defiance ring true, "I hate you Bobby Lewis!"

Sharon smiled when those words came through the speaker. "See, that wasn't so hard to do, now was it?" She looked at her slave who stood head down in the hallway.

"Do you really want to know?"

"Nope. I just want you to obey. Now let's get you locked so I can go to bed."

"Yes Mistress."

"And you'll be sleeping with the short cable on tonight. Go stand on your spot by the eyebolt in the ceiling. I'll be up in a while."

She watched him leave while she found her laptop and closed her eyes. What a night this had been. The visit with Jessica now seemed like a week ago after what had just went on downstairs. She quickly scanned her work emails and then the personal ones. She grinned upon seeing something from her twin sis. She opened it and read:

Shar,

Signed up for a year's membership to Mariko's website and have been listening to her story and talks. Fascinating woman and even more fascinating what she has to say. There must be a hundred streaming videos that I've watched. Some more than once. I think they are ones from those weekly meetings that you mentioned. Have you gone yet? If not, you should. I've spent a lot of time recently wondering about what you are doing - wondering in a good way.

Getting colder here. Stay warm and take good care of Bobby.

Love ya,

Deb

She exited the email. "She has no idea how hard it is to keep a relationship alive and well," she said aloud. "I feel like a freaking mother of two bratty kids sometimes." She snickered at the thought and headed up to lock slave. "I really am a mother," she said quietly.

It took at least two months for her to really break. During that time Bobby made her life a living hell. She slept cold most nights. Often times he bound her with tape or cord for no other reason than to limit her movement inside the cage to almost nothing for hours at a time. One night he made her drink a gallon of water, then gave her a blanket to sleep on as a reward but in no time she had peed all over it and slept with the urine soaked cloth wrapped around her naked body. She hadn't eaten human food in weeks and he even went so far as to change her diet from the dry stuff to the nasty wet crap. During the breaking period she had lost some twenty pounds. When he let her out of the cage it was only so she could work. She never got a break. Bobby supervised her while she scrubbed the basement with a Dollar Tree hair brush. By the time she was through her knees were bloody. Another time she was forced to dig a hole in the backyard using a pick axe and shovel. She worked from sun up to sun down. When he was satisfied it was deep enough he made her get in and then filled it. Only her head remained exposed. He didn't return for almost thirty six hours. She was amazed she hadn't frozen to death. Carrying objects up and down stairs hundreds of times, scrubbing surfaces, counting piles of stones, digging holes, sanding cinderblocks with bricks and other meaningless chores was all she did while out of the dog cage.

During the eight weeks time she did change. The beatings, the confinement, the labor, the food, the harsh environments, the lack of sanitation and hygiene all added together to produce the result Sharon intended. The attitude was long gone. So were any thoughts of escape. She knew she'd never get out of here and knew equally well, no one would ever come looking for her this far from home. By the time February came she simply endured whatever he threw her way. Life became a day to day existence. Nights became one in which she simply willed herself to survive the cold and she dreaded every sunset knowing what was to come.

Nights were the worse. There was something about being alone, naked, trapped and in the dark for ten to twelve hours. The time dragged on. She sometimes convulsed violently hoping to hear a board creek upstairs as it was a sure sign that 'they' were getting up and help would soon arrive.

What she was completely aware of was how thoroughly the bond between Bobby and her had been severed. She had no desire to ever spend time with, escape with or marry Bobby Lewis. She hated even seeing him and came to associate him with something uncomfortable. She didn't understand why he had changed so dramatically and really gave little thought to why. He was the source of her pain. He was the one that made life horrific. He's the one who had stripped every decent and good thing away from her. He made her husband be angelic by comparison. If she ever got the chance, she would kill him without a second thought. Little did she know it was precisely how slave was told to get her to feel about him.

What she was unaware of was Sharon's involvement in all this. Jasmine knew she was the Mistress but she didn't necessarily equate the hardships as coming from her. That was all Bobby's doing. Sharon served as her out, as the one person who made things easier and life somewhat bearable. One time Bobby was force feeding her wet cat food when Sharon arrived, saw what he was doing and slapped the can out of his hand. She found some dry food nearby and offered it to her, even running her fingers through her matted hair and speaking softly to her while she ate. On another instance, she made him close the basement door and seemed horrified to know he had left it open on a night in which the temperatures were dipping into the thirties. Jasmine thanked her profusely and slept in relative comfort for the first time in over ten days. On another occasion she came home from work and went ballistic when she learned Bobby was making her carry pennies from the basement to the bathroom tub one at a time. Jasmine was crying and Bobby was mocking her because she was. Sharon stepped in, stopped the nonsense and then made him count the pennies in the tub. There were over 800!

Jasmine didn't see Sharon as much as she wished she could but whenever she did it almost always was a welcome relief. She came to view her in a very different light than when they first met that night in the basement after her kidnapping.

Mostly Jasmine missed human contact and human interaction. Oh, she saw him more than enough but anytime he was around it was always "do this Jasmine," or, "do that Jasmine," or he'd just stop by and do something to hurt her in some way like hosing her off in the middle of January or taping those dam headphones on her head all night.

Sharon was the one that would give her a hug, would hold her while she cried, or interact to her intelligently; even if it was for only five or ten minutes. He never did that. By the time March rolled around and signs of spring were everywhere, Sharon was ready to make her move and try something she had been thinking now for quite awhile. Checking her watch she realized it was about time.

"What are you doing to her?" She exclaimed; her anger apparent. "I don't mind you supervising her while she cleans the floor but you make dam sure she has the proper tools to do the job right." She grabbed the toothbrush from her hand, "This is not what I'd call a proper implement." She threw the brush at him. "You finish the job and see how you like it."

Jasmine looked at her both astonished and grateful. Her savior had come to her aid once more. "Thank you," she mouthed silently.

"You," Sharon said flatly, "come with me."

She helped her to her feet and together they headed upstairs. Once in Sharon's bedroom she burst into tears. Sharon embraced the naked girl. Even feeling so skinny she was still beautiful. She held her for a long time.

"Lie down on the bed Jasmine. I'm sorry he did that to you." She did. Sharon lay next to her embracing her once more.

"Sometimes I don't know about him," she said. "He wants to be my slave but then he acts like that and I want to just toss him outside and find a new one. Do you know what I mean Jasmine?"

"I hate him."

"I know you do sweetie. I know you do. But he is so good at some things. If it weren't for that I'd think hard about losing him."

Jasmine cried some more and Sharon never let go. An hour later they came down to check on him. He had just finished and was cleaning up.

"Did you get all the dirt up; even in the corners?"

"Yes Mistress," he said quietly.

"Come, I need some relief," she said to him.

All three ascended this time. Sharon had him secure her to the ceiling by her collar and then disrobed, letting Jasmine take in her soft skin and shapely form. She could feel her eyes surveying her and sensed more than just a casual look this time. Lying on the bed she spread her legs. No words were needed. He came as he always did and, as she had told him hours earlier, took her ever so slowly to a beautiful orgasm.

When she came she pulled his head upward, forcing him to rest it on her thin abdomen. She cradled him telling him how much she enjoyed his tongue and how good he made her feel. Sharon overdid the physical contact and accolades but it was for a purpose. She knew Jasmine was starved for attention and affection and Sharon made sure she saw just how much Bobby got after pleasuring her satisfactorily.

"Lick me again. Take your time slave."

He did.

Even though this was a scripted event, he indeed did feel wonderful. No one could lick like him and she had tried several since she first took him on as a slave. Mostly they were slaves of the Mistresses she'd visited during the past weeks. She even returned, at Jessica's request and tried out hers and reluctantly let her experience Thirty-five again. Slowly he ate. Passionately he moved his hands over her legs, around her hips and up to her mounds. Only when Mistress gave him permission did he bring her to an orgasm. She exploded. There was no faking what she felt. He was simply that good.

"Go," she said finally, pushing him away. "Work on the dining room. You know what needs to be done there."

"Yes Mistress," he said quietly.

"Mmmmm," she said aloud; her eyes remaining closed. She massaged her body and toyed with her pussy and nipples. Finally she looked Jasmine's way. "He does make me feel good."

Sharon looked at the girl, naked and beautiful and somewhat suspended by the cable that ran from ceiling to collar. Her breasts jutted from her bony ribs and the soft blonde mound hid what she imagined was an invitingly wet pussy for someone to enjoy.

Sharon stood, walking around to stand in front of the girl. She let her hands stroke her body casually as if she was considering a purchase. She cupped both shoulders, ran her hands along her sides and pressed her hips firmly. Jasmine never moved but she felt every touch. She felt Sharon's naked body brush against hers. She closed her eyes and sighed audibly when she stroked her back. Every touch made her want a thousand more. She was acutely sensitive to any physical contact that wasn't painful or disciplinary in nature.

"Kiss my neck girl," Sharon whispered.

She moved closer and tilted her head to one side exposing it. Jasmine gently touched her hips and kissed her gently. Sharon pushed her hands away. "My neck, not my hips."

"Yes," she whispered and returned to the small patch of skin she could reach.

"Now the other side."

She obeyed.

"You kiss well girl. Here, let's free you up." She did and turned around. "My shoulders."

Jasmine spent ten minutes gently kissing her from one shoulder to the other. Sharon had to admit, a woman's touch did feel very good. She turned once more to her, pushed her to her knees and instructed her to kiss her abdomen. Jasmine obeyed.

The words came too soon to the younger girl's ear but she relented. "Time to stop. I need to check on slave."

"Are you sure you've had enough Miss?"

Sharon looked down and cupped a hand under her chin and raised it. "Yes Jasmine. I've had enough. Miss is not my name however. It's Mistress."

"I understand."

"Let's try it again. Time to stop girl," she repeated.

Jasmine smiled thinly, "Yes Mistress."

"Much better. Now let's go see how slave is doing."

They found him hard at work and sweating even though the room was not all that warm. The wood glistened in the light from the new coat of polish he was working into it. "This looks good slave. How much longer do you have?"

"I'll be done in another ten minutes."

"Good. I'm going to leave her upstairs. I need to go out and will be out for awhile. Can you take care of things while I'm gone?"

"Yes Mistress. Will you be home for dinner?"

"No. Make sure you two get something to eat though. I don't want my two slaves starving." She smiled, pulled Jasmine by the hand back upstairs and suspended her once more by the ceiling cable.

"Do you need to go Mistress?" Her voice was filled with apprehension.

"Yes slave," she said intentionally - a word she had been using now for the past week or so. "I'm going to visit a friend." She slid a hand between her legs, cupping her pussy gently. "Why, is something the matter slave?"

"No ma'a, I mean, No Mistress."

"Slave has orders to take care of you. I'm sure he will be up in a bit." She kissed her on the cheek and left.

"Mistress?" Jasmine called after Sharon had rounded the corner. She never got a response and when she didn't started crying softly.

...

Jessica and Sharon walked to a corner to talk. The place was packed, so much so it was hard to have a conversation without having to yell. Eventually they found a relatively quiet space. Sharon looked into her lovely eyes now with a different perspective than when they had first met. She realized she was almost family although that knowledge only extended in one direction.

"What were you saying about your slave?" Jess asked. "I could barely hear you over there."

Sharon nodded, "I'm wondering if he his best for me." She said honestly. That was the first time she had ever made that statement to anyone and it felt good to get it off her chest.

"He's amazing. What's not perfect about him?"

"It's hard to put my finger on it Jess. We've had a couple of instances in our brief past where he has not risen to the challenge to seek my help when he should have. I know that might seem trite but it's bothered me."

"My offer stands," she said grabbing her arm.

Sharon smiled. "What offer is that?"

"To purchase him. If you ever want a sell him, let me know. I think I'd have my marriage with the slave I own annulled."

"You're that serious?"

"Absolutely Sharon, I've never been with any man that did what he's done to me. I thought it was just a one-time thing but when I came over to your place last month and rode his face for an entire hour I knew it wasn't some coincidental hormonal thing. That's why I can't understand why something so small as you've described is such a big deal. He's amazing with what he can do orally."

"Me neither. Mariko said something last week when I was complaining about an aspect of the project I'm working on at East Riverton. She said, 'be careful what you wish for.' I understood what she meant in that context but I also understand how that adage applies when it comes to my slave. I may wish for something bigger, better and more to my liking but there's always the chance I'll never find it."

Jessica nodded in understanding. "She is a wise woman."

"She is and I really do have a good slave. Maybe I just have a lot on my plate now. I've got other irons in the fire as well so there's a lot going on at the home-front."

"We should get to our seats. It looks like she's getting ready to talk but my offer stands," she said slipping her hand around her arm, "I do want your slave if you ever give him up."

They walked across the large room and sat. Sharon now recognized twenty or thirty women she knew by name. The weekly meetings had really come to be a significant part of her life; a kind of a girls' night out if you wish. She wondered if her sister would be watching this same talk whenever Mariko got the chance to put it on her webpage.

I want to talk to you tonight about feminization," Mariko began. She spoke for almost forty minutes on a topic near and dear to many in this room. For Sharon and Jessica, it was something about which they knew very little. Sharon concluded at the end of Mariko's discussion that feminization was not for her. She liked her slaves being men. She loved their strength, their cocks and the ability to control someone bigger and more powerful than she. She wasn't into making her slave wearing makeup, wearing a girdle, heels, or a dress while doing chores or waiting on her while at home. Although some around the table loved playing with their slave in this way, she didn't see a real need to experiment with him in this way, at least not at the moment. After all, she had a real female at home who'd more than willing do all those things and look fabulous doing so.

Jess and Sharon talked for some time after the formal part of the meeting concluded and agreed to have another get together in the not too distant future.

That evening Sharon found Jasmine strung up in the basement. That in itself was no surprise but slave had attached the cord around her collar instead of her neck and had pulled it so tight she was forced to stand on the very balls of her feet. She had been there for only twenty minutes but the girl was in obvious distress.

"What's he done to you now?" she said harshly. She had barely walked into the house after getting home late when she sensed something was amiss.

"Please loosen this Mistress," Jasmine said weakly.

Sharon looked at her with pity, "Of course dear." She undid the tie and let an inch or so slack in the cord before securing it. "Now tell me, why are you here? Did you do something you shouldn't have, slave?"

"No ma'am, I mean Mistress. He does this kind of thing all the time. He hates me."

"Now now, I wouldn't go that far." She cupped one hand under her breast and smiled. "He has his orders and if he disobeys me then he'll be the one down here on his tippy-toes. He must have done this for a good reason. What really happened while I was gone?"

Jasmine sniffled, her big eyes full of emotion and relief at seeing Mistress. "Really I didn't do anything. He just grabbed me from your bedroom and yanked me down here. He just did it to be mean."

"Well I'll talk with him about it in the morning and get his side of the story. Does that sound fair?" Her voice was soft and compassionate.

"Yes Mistress." More tears flowed down her cheeks. "He scares me Mistress," Jasmine continued. "He really does."

Sharon traced a circuitous line with one finger from one shoulder to the crest of her pubis. "But he is so good at licking pussy and if you haven't noticed, I just love having my pussy eaten. It feels so wonderful." She looked at her coquettishly "You understand what I mean, don't you?"

Jasmine smiled sheepishly. "It's been a long time Mistress. My husband never did it and neither did he," she said pointing upstairs.

Sharon pressed. "But you know how good it feels, I mean."

"Yes Mistress I know what you mean."

"And what exactly do you think I mean?"

"That there are certain spots and certain ways that make you feel better than others."

"Precisely!" She stepped a closer and exposed the nape of her neck. "Kiss me slave. I like your kisses."

Jasmine obeyed. Her hands were free and she pulled Mistress' neck toward her. This time Sharon let her go."

"Mmmm," she cooed. "You do know how to make me feel good. Maybe it's because you are a woman like me." She turned her head to the other side letting her kiss there as well. Almost whispering she added, "I think you understand what a woman's touch means more than slave does; I mean you are a woman."

"I think I do," she said softly. "I'm glad you enjoy my kisses." she said as her lips softly kissed the underside of her chin.

"Maybe I should see if you want to lick me instead of having him do it tonight," she whispered. Sharon wrapped one arm around the small of her back and pulled her tight. "It might be fun to let a woman who knows what another woman wants do it."

"I would love to Mistress," she answered.

"Where do you think I should take you to do this? Mmmmm," she asked now letting Jasmine kiss her cheek and ear."

"Upstairs."

"What about him? We could make him watch"

"Can you tie him down here instead?"

Sharon smiled at her suggestion. "Maybe if you ask nice I can." She stepped back. The trap had been set.

"Mistress?" Jasmine asked. "Can you tie slave up down here for the night so you and I won't be disturbed?"

"Maybe I can slave." She scanned her body. "You are a beautiful slave."

"Thank you Mistress. I've never been with a woman before."

"Do you mind being with me? I don't want to force you to do something you don't want."

"Not at all," Jasmine said sincerely. "When you made me watch him eat you I kept wishing you'd let me try next."

"Oh Jasmine, I wish you had asked."

"I was afraid you'd hit me."

"So true. I do have a temper sometimes but I don't think I would have turned down your offer. You should have asked."

"Maybe next time I will."

"Would you like right now to be the next time? All you have to do is ask." She drew back from the suspended slave and held her by the waist with both hands and waited.

Without hesitation Jasmine responded as if on cue. "Mistress, May I please you tonight by licking your pussy?"

"Yes you may. But first I need to take care of him. I want to make sure he doesn't' bother us."

Sharon secured a leash around her collar, and then released the cords that held her immobile and readied the ropes for slave. He came immediately when she called and Jasmine watched triumphantly from a distance while Mistress bound his wrist and ankles and then pulled the cords taut. He grunted at the tension and then realized it was Jasmine who had pulled ropes so tight. She smiled when their eyes met and then waited for Mistress to ascend before turning out the light and following her upstairs.

Bobby watched curiously as the women left him alone. He expected to see her rope Jasmine up on the other side as she usually did. "She'll be down here soon," he figured.

Upstairs Sharon made Jasmine shower. She was filthy and her odor was intolerable. Sharon stood watching her bathe, making sure she scrubbed every inch of her body and washed her hair thoroughly before pronouncing her clean. Before she was through she handed her a razor. Jasmine expertly shaved her armpits and legs. Sharon pointed to her sex, "That comes off too. Keep going."

The girl complied and soon she was satisfactorily clean and smooth.

"I'll be in bed. Come as soon as your hair is dry and brushed out."

Sharon couldn't believe her good fortune. It all seemed too easy to be true but this is what she had hoped for and now couldn't wait to experience. She wanted her to submit to her sexually. She wanted Jasmine to gain trust in her as her Mistress and so far the latter part of her plan was falling into place. Sharon also wanted to transform the woman from a bitch into a subservient slave, a cuck, if you will, that would perform the menial tasks that slave often did. That would free him up to spend more time in sexual service to her. How that dynamic would play out she didn't know but she found she loved the training aspect of slavery. Maybe she'd someday be a Kamelah and work with other, yet to become slaves, and help Mariko with the expansion of her vision to advance the feminine in society. What she hadn't given thought was just how much she might enjoy having a woman between her legs rather than a man. This would be a first for Jasmine but it would also be a first for her. 

When Jasmine finally finished she felt like an entirely new person. It felt so good to take a shower, to use soap and shampoo and conditioner and shave and take time to look in the mirror again. She couldn't believe how thin she had gotten but she smiled and saw that smile reflect back. She looked at herself pleasingly and took the liberty of using a little Mistress' lipstick and perfume before returning to her bed chamber. She wanted this to be a night in which she could please Mistress. She was so thankful for the opportunity; so grateful for the many times Mistress had rescued her from various distresses and circumstances that she hated. It only seemed fitting that she demonstrate her gratitude by allowing her some sexual gratification, and besides, she thought the experience to be new and exciting; so much so it made her all giggly inside.

In the bedroom music played softly and a single candle burned on the nightstand. Mistress lay on her back, her legs already spread.

"Come slave girl. Come to your place."

Jasmine stood for a moment at the foot of the bed staring at the woman before her. She was indeed thankful for all she had done. Without hesitation she climbed on the soft mattress and then settled between her thighs.

"Slave," Sharon asked. "Are you certain you want to do this?"

"I am. I really am."

"I want you to be very sure because if I like what you do I will have you here often and may very well make you into a sexual slave."

"I want to be here," she said again. "I really do."

"I know, but this may not be a one-time task I have you perform. What I want you to understand is that it may be the beginning of something I have you do regularly. You may very well live the rest of your life licking pussy and be expected to do it often and for extended periods of time."

"I want to be here. Please, may I begin?"

"When you do start, I want your eyes focused on mine up here." She motioned with her finger from Jasmines eyes to hers.

"May I begin?" Jasmine asked once more.

Sharon lay back. She didn't answer. She didn't want to answer. She wanted her to make the final decision. She waited patiently and after some moments she felt her. "Mmmmm," she sighed when her tongue next grazed her labia. "Jasmine was hers!" she said silently.

In fact, she was quite good. She licked as only a woman can minister to another. She knew how to pace herself, how to touch her sensitive areas but not necessarily dwell on them immediately. She sensed Mistress' arousal and, in time, brought her to a very enjoyable orgasm.

"Well done slave girl," Sharon said some time after she had climaxed.

"Did you like?"

"Yes, very much. Now I would like some more. Eat!" Her voice was not so gentle this time. She needed to maintain control. She needed to teach her that service superseded relationship. They were not lovers, nor would they ever be.

Jasmine heard the change in tone but accepted it for what it was. She understood she was here to serve. The very fact that she was the one servicing the older, taller, more powerful woman reflected their differing statuses. She willingly obeyed and once more brought her new mistress over the edge.

Sharon flexed her hips and knees and pulled her thighs toward her shoulders. "Now lick my ass."

There was a bit of hesitation on Jasmine's part.

"I said lick my ass slave. You will obey."

"Yes Mistress," she said quietly.

When her tongue moved from posterior to anterior across the surface of her crease Sharon beamed with triumph once more. She didn't give her further instructions. She figured the girl would become more comfortable ministering to this part of her soon enough and she was right. The long laps were replaced with a tongue that rimmed and played with the outer edges of her arse and then finally probed and stabbed at her closed orifice until finally gaining access as much as her tongue could penetrate. Sharon moaned softly enjoying the power differential as much as the actual sensations.

For two hours Sharon intermittently made her eat pussy and ass. Between each meal she reinforced the fact that she would likely be used for sexual gratification. Jasmine seemed to readily understand this and it thrilled Sharon she did. When she was through and felt as if their time together had accomplished its purpose she secured her to the ceiling and made her remain there for the duration of the night.

"Nothing like eight hours to look at the woman you just ate and who would now be your mistress," she thought as she curled up around her pillow and fell quickly to sleep.

...

Yesterday Sharon had both slaves busy working in every room of the house. She wanted it perfect. While they scrubbed, cleaned, vacuumed, dusted and organized she ran to the store to pick up a few of Debbie's favorite foods and drinks. When she returned it was nearly eleven and she was exhausted yet there was still more work she wanted finished. She ordered the slaves to work as late as they needed and then lock themselves up for bed. Slave was sent to the basement cage and Jasmine to the bedroom floor eyebolt.

Deb arrived early Saturday afternoon. When Bobby looked into the eyes of the woman standing at the door his reaction was nothing less than visceral. "Wow," he mouthed. He was immediately and fully taken by her beauty. Suppressing his inner reaction he greeted her warmly. Yes, there were similarities between Deb and Mistress. Everything Mistress had said of her was true. She was elegantly gorgeous. Although the twins were identical in height, weight, hair and eye color Deb had the more attractive figure. Her waist was a little thinner, her bust a little larger and her facial features more refined. He understood why she nearly one the Oklahoma beauty pageant some years ago. He swallowed hard and opened the door smiling broadly.

Deb saw the double take. She was use to it. It happened all the time.

"Welcome," he said extending a hand. "I'm Bobby."

She beamed and introduced herself.

"Come on in. Mistress can't wait to see you."

"She's probably had you working hard to make everything perfect."

"Indeed she has. How'd you know?"

She laughed. "I know my sister."

Bobby grinned and led her to the back porch where Sharon had been working.

Bobby was glad he could be his normal self with her coming. As much as he loved serving Mistress, he still felt awkward doing so when around other women who didn't embrace her lifestyle. He breathed a sigh of relief after Mistress' conversation an hour earlier with Jasmine and him. She had informed them they were to remain dressed. Mistress didn't want Debbie to have to work through the awkwardness of seeing two slaves running around naked. Rather she wanted her to enjoy the time here and they were to help make that happen.

"That's the only change from normal I'm making," she emphasized, "You are still my slaves and you are to obey as always. I also expect you to give Deb the same level or respect. If she asks for something you do it without question."

After Deb and Sharon hugged, Bobby fetched them both a glass of wine and left. They sat on the wicker chairs for more than an hour catching up. Their conversations were filled with light-hearted talk, giggles and sometimes belly-laughs.

Sharon summoned both slaves and they stood before the sisters. Sharon briefly introduced each, telling a bit of their background before coming here and mentioning how long they had been living with her. Deb asked a few questions and when the conversation lulled, Sharon gave a brush of the hand and they were gone.

"They are both so attractive," Deb said quietly. "He's so handsome and she's beautiful."

"They are I guess. Mostly I don't look at them in that way. Usually I see them more for what they can do for me than for what they look like."

"I'd have a hard time separating them from their services."

"I use to think that too Sis, but seeing them daily, you forget about their physical attractiveness. They work to keep the house spotless, cook, manage the bills, maintain the food in the cupboards and work on the yard. He can fix anything and she's probably the better cook although Bobby is pretty good too."

"You know, every time you talk about having a slave it boggles my mind."

Sharon smiled, "Then think of it as having a permanent maid service."

"I can't because I know they do other things for you a maid would never do."

Sharon burst into giggles. "And they are equally blessed in that area. I can vouch for that."

"I envy you Shar. You have done well for yourself. I don't think mom would approve but I think you've done well. Maybe seeing Jonathan for who he really was was the spark you needed to turn this corner in your life."

Sharon put her arm around her best friend and pulled her in tight. "I think Mariko was the spark I needed but Jonathan sure provided the fuel to get things primed and ready." She looked at her sister intently before adding, "You need to get over your fears from the past Deb and start dating."

"I don't know that I ever will."

"Is that why you've given this lifestyle some consideration? So you won't have to date?"

"Yes, but I don't want just anyone to boss around. I'd rather have someone I could fall in love with but I doubt I'd ever end up having both requirements met."

"You mean you want to take a slave and see if there might be some romance that develops after you get to know him."

"Yea, that's what I fantasize about but I doubt that will ever happen."

"Why do you say that?"

"Because of what I see between you and Bobby."

"I don't understand," Sharon said curiously.

"You have a really handsome guy here. He's gorgeous, well mannered, a handyman, apparently good with his tongue," she giggled, "but you've never said anything, not even hinted, that you have any affection for him."

"I know but in my defense it's not like every good looking guy is going to be the perfect match for every woman."

"I know. I just know he's no slouch."

"No he's not. He was mind you but he's not anymore. He is a good guy."

"So why not pursue him?"

"Because I don't feel the need to. He's my slave not my lover."

Deb shook her head feeling perplexed.

Sharon brought the discussion back to Debra. "Which is why you need to do some dating; just go out to places that are public so you can figure what the guy is like before you ever think of being alone with him."

"I'm afraid." A tear formed in one eye.

They sat hugging one another for a long time. Neither spoke. Sharon gently rocked Deb trying to console. She had pushed a little too hard. This was a topic that she didn't ever think would have a happy end to it. That thought made Sharon ache for her sisters' situation. She wanted her to experience love like relationships were meant to be. After holding her awhile she asked, "Do you want dinner?"

"I'm starving."

"How does a nice tenderloin sound?"

"Sounds like home."

"Good because I just handpicked some beauties and Bobby grills a mean filet. I'll but him to work and take Jasmine downstairs. I need to give her a bit of a reminder."

"A reminder?"

"Yea, I'll string her up for a few hours. It's good reinforcement for her that I'm the one in charge. Want to watch?"

"No. I'll stay here and enjoy the smell of steak instead."

"OK, your choice."

...

Deb stayed until Sunday afternoon. All too soon it was time to leave. Sharon sat on the bed in the guest room talking while her sister finished dressing and getting ready. She loved her Deb. Maybe it was a twin thing. She wasn't certain but for whatever reason the two of them were so much alike. They loved spending time together and it didn't matter what they did or where they went. They really were two peas from the same pod. This weekend happened to be one where they went nowhere and yet that didn't matter. What mattered was they were together and they spent most of every waking minute enjoying one another's company.

Bobby had cooked them a delicious dinner the night before and a hot breakfast this morning. Jasmine fixed up a yummy chicken salad for them to enjoy a few hours earlier. In the mean time the slaves gave the women the space they needed although Sharon had uncharacteristically relaxed her standards, permitting both to hang out with them last night. The temperatures had skyrocketed into the eighties during the day and the evening temps held steady in the upper sixties. It made for a perfect evening. Bobby built a small fire outback using the portable fire pit and they all sat around the glowing embers until late that night sipping wine, drinking beer and sharing stories.

Sharon wanted Deb to understand that her slaves, like all the others she had met, were ordinary folk. There was nothing odd or kinky about them other than they were owned. Other than the slaves referring to Sharon as Mistress and jumping when ordered to complete a given task they enjoyed a relatively relaxing weekend. Deb even had Bobby do a few things for her and Sharon observed with keen interest her positive reaction when he did. She saw how much she enjoyed the assistance but then who wouldn't?

"I'm going to miss you," Deb said brushing her hair.

"I'm so glad you came. I couldn't believe you'd be here so soon after you called on Friday. I got all giggly thinking you'd finally get to see the slaves and most of all that we could talk some more."

"I wanted to surprise you but thought I needed to give you some notice. I hope I didn't put you out with last minute work."

"Not at all. I have helpers, in case you haven't noticed."

Deb laughed. "And good ones too. I like your slaves. They both seem like good people."

"They are although Jasmine is still a work in progress."

"Bobby is a gem sis and he's so good looking. We talked for an hour while he was getting dinner ready. I just don't see why you don't want to make a deeper commitment with him. He really is a good guy."

"That he is but honestly, he's never been more than a coworker and someone I could play with and train. But you're right, he is a nice guy - intelligent, handy, has good insight and very submissive. I think I love having him around but it's got more to do with wanting to train him and enjoying what he does for me than anything else." She paused staring off somewhere. "And I realized after training him, just how much I love taking a normal guy and turning him into a slave. I love it Deb. I mean I really like doing it. Maybe it's a power thing that I get off on. Who knows?" She said shrugging her shoulders.

"Well I felt safe with him. Maybe it's because I knew he was a slave but for the first time in years I didn't think about him as being someone to be wary of. It was so odd to be alone with a man - even if we were only in the back yard but I never felt afraid."

"He knows you are off limits." Sharon's expression intensified, "And if he had ever come on to you or tried to harm you in any way he'd pay a price so severe he'd have marks to remember it by forever."

Deb looked at her sister with a puzzled expression. "You would hurt him that bad?"

"Absolutely, you're my sister and you have a history with men. It would depend on what he did of course. If it was a minor overstep of his boundaries I'd ratchet the punishment down to something less harsh like a good paddling or extended cage time with the cable on him but if he made advances on you against your will, well then that would be a totally different matter altogether."

"I don't understand why you'd be so harsh Sharon."

Sharon looked at her sister incredulously. "Haven't you listened to most of Mariko's lectures?"

"All of them actually."

"And you don't think she'd do the same thing?"

Deb thought for a moment. "Maybe. I just find the whole punishing thing difficult."

"But you do agree that her methods work, don't you? I mean you as much as said so in your emails."

"I do but its different thinking about actually doing that kind of thing to a guy."

"You mean a slave. There's a difference. A slave is there to serve and obey. Guys are, well, just guys."

"I see your point."

Think of it this way. I don't look at it so much as punishment I'm giving Bobby or Jasmine as much as I view it as another way to reinforce my training. If Bobby were to disobey there needs to be consequences. It's no different than what Mom did to us when we did wrong."

"But to leave marks? Doesn't that seem a bit much?"

"Maybe but you can do lots of things that leave no marks that hurt just as much or even more."

"I don't know that I could do that to him. He seems so sweet. That's all."

"He is sweet and some of that sweetness came as a result of me making him understand I never wanted to see the old-him anymore." Sharon checked the time. "Are you about ready to go? Your flight leaves in less than two hours. We need to get going."

"Sure am. Can you carry this for me?" She handed her sister her cosmetic bag.

...

Immediately after Deb left that evening, Sharon began a routine. The two slaves had been given more time off than ever and she needed to get them back in the proper mindset. More importantly she needed to rebuild mutual trust between the two slaves after all she had forced Bobby to do to Jasmine. Now that she had Jasmine's head where she wanted it; now that Jasmine seemed to be open to serving her as a willing slave; and now that she had spent more than one session between her legs she had to put things back into proper order. She needed them to trust one another once more - not as the lovers they once were but as mutual slaves in her household.

So she designated two weeks to focus on her slaves even though work at East Riverton High was getting really busy. Each night she strung one of them up in the basement while the other was secured to the bedroom floor bolt. Mostly she alternated where they spent their night but every third day or so she'd change the routine and make them stay in the same place simply to keep them off balance. Her intention was for them to feel equally submissive but at the same time transition Jasmine into her household by giving her the reward of being able to sleep in the same room as Mistress.

Each weekday started with slave and her getting ready for work. Jasmine remained at home of course, spending the majority of her day working on small chores. Although alone for ten hours, she was never free. Sharon kept her leash anchored to something solid but used a cable for a leash that had plenty of length for her to move from one room to another. Mostly she had to be careful she didn't catch the cable on something valuable sitting around and knock it over. She sewed, cleaned cabinets and floors, vacuumed, organized drawers and sorted through boxes that Sharon had not opened in months. Several times each week she was taken by another mistress where she was put to good use. Although Jasmine was a first, the first female slave to be owned by a mistress, they came to accept her as they did the several thousand other male slaves in the area. It didn't take them long to get over her gender and view her as one there to serve and follow orders. When she was transported to another location while Sharon was away at work that was exactly what she did - obey.

At work slave spent an hour at Mistress Mariko's feet and sometimes at her pussy depending on her mood. No longer was she required to get approval from Sharon before making him lick. Sharon trusted her as much as she did her twin and slave always returned to the conference room smiling and content. Each evening Jasmine had dinners ready for all three. Sharon of course ate alone while her two slaves presented in worship positions until she was through. They ate only after she was finished. Usually Sharon took the slave girl to the living room each evening so she could spend time servicing her sexually, give her a pedicure, brush out her hair or simply worship her feet, legs or ass while slave busied himself cleaning or fixing something needing repair.

On evenings when she didn't have a social to attend they were spent reading, doing work at home or watching TV. The two slaves were always by her side. They would kneel naked and watch TV beside her; sometimes Mistress would have them worship a foot for an entire evening. It was one of her favorite ways to be pampered. Sometimes she had fun, turning one into an ottoman or an end table. If nothing else it gave them something to occupy their time and kept them active. She loved their fitness and admired both of their bodies. Having them support her legs while she propped them up on their back or hold a drink or desert for an extended period without spilling made for great core work which kept their abdomens flat and strong and to Sharon's liking.

Jasmine slowly put on a few pounds during the weeks following her braking period but Mistress made sure the weight gains were slow and monitored. She decided 115 pounds should be her target but she could not achieve that mark until at least June. Hopefully she'd put muscle weight on rather than fat. Once at 115 she'd decide if she was still too thin but for now, she wanted her to slowly get to that bodyweight.

Every Thursday while Sharon attended one of Mariko's weekly meetings she dropped Jasmine off at the old apartment building. Kamelah gratefully agreed to teach her the finer arts of tending to a woman's sex and Jasmine turned out to be one of her finer students. In addition to her twice weekly lessons Jasmine spent another 30 hours practicing at other locations as Bobby had previously. Six weeks after her initial lesson Kamelah released her, informing Sharon she could teach her nothing more.

Having two expert ministers to be service by was a rare treat and she enjoyed both often. One evening she decided to incorporate another group activity to speed up the relationship building they so desperately needed. Sharon could see that Jasmine still feared slave to some degree. She never overtly stated this anymore but she also never wished to be alone with him. Even though Mistress had given slave strict orders never to touch her again and he willingly agreed to abide by her command Jasmine still cringed every once in a while when he'd raise a hand or look at her in a certain way. In truth, he never enjoyed hurting her and only did so because his Owner had commanded him. As much as he wanted to tell her how sorry he was for all the pain he caused and to embrace her, he knew it wouldn't be appropriate. He kept the regrets of having to break her spirit private only confessing his real feelings to Mistress once and did so only because she demanded him to do so.

Sharon stood one evening and told the slave girl to kneel. She did and Sharon faced her. She then commanded slave to do the same but from behind.

"Undress me," she said.

Neither one knew who she was speaking to so neither moved. Sharon repeated her command. Finally Jasmine took the initiative and Bobby assisted.

"Lick me." She said after they had undressed her fully.

Jasmine moved quickly to her pussy. Her eyes immediately lighting up as she glanced up and into the face of her owner. She felt a desperate need to please. For the past week she had this insatiable desire to make Mistress happy and serving her sexually served as her primary outlet to do so. The other outlet was doing chores while Mistress was away. When Mistress took her to inspect each item on her list on her return Jasmine felt a sense of pride when Mistress told inspected each item on her 'to-do' list and saw how perfectly she had completed each task. Likewise, when she fell short there was a deep ache of sadness in knowing she'd not done the assigned task up to Mistress's standards. What Jasmine didn't realize consciously was just how much her mental state had moved from a desire to remain independent to a need to become ever more dependent on Mistress. In Sharon's mind it was as if she had always had a deep desire to become a slave. Maybe it was her insecurity that fueled this initiative. Sharon wasn't certain. However, she was convinced that Jasmine's actions came from her heart and were in no way some façade waiting patiently for a time when she could escape and return to life in the country. And so she eagerly moved to her cunt, smelled that familiar scent and slid her tongue between the folds of Mistress' most intimate part.

Bobby did not move when she gave the order to lick. Sharon turned and looked at him, repeating the command. He paused for several more seconds before realizing she was commanding both slaves. Feeling suddenly guilty for not complying immediately he moved to her ass with the same eagerness that the slave girl had and plunged his tongue slowly but fully between her crease. To be able to slide his tongue inside a fold he had never been permitted made him feel wonderful. He marveled that she would let him worship yet another part of her body. He wasn't sure how his ministrations felt to her since he had no previous experience or feedback on his technique. When he found her hole he probed but her muscles remained shut. He circled her anus and when she let out a soft moan he strengthened his efforts to please even more.

Both slaves sank low, their necks arched in extension and their faces buried between the apexes of her long legs. Slave girl and slave bumped chins more than once and the dual sensations. When they did so three or four times within a short time, slave girl giggled and Sharon could feel slave grin as his facial muscles pressed against her ass. Mistress grabbed slave's hands from her thighs and gently placed them on slave-girls shoulders. She wanted them to bond while serving her. Jasmine bristled when he first touched but upon seeing it was Mistress who had put his hands there she relaxed and continued serving.

The picture of the three in the room was one that cut to the heart of their mutual relationship. There was Mistress, standing tall and beautiful; naked and strong and unashamed of her nakedness. Before and behind knelt two adults of nearly perfect form. One male, naked, collared and having his genitals locked. The other a flawless female similarly collared. Both kneeling, both worshipping, both ministering in the most humble of all ways to the dominant female standing above. They remained three separate entities yet they were joined as one with the nexus of that union being Mistress' ass and pussy. And while the two slaves served Mistress cooed and sighed placing hands on the two heads that made her feel so wonderfully dominant.

The feeling they generated together was nothing less than magnificent. When she came she pulled the slave girl into her cunt making sure she was bathed in her juices when she squirted. When the orgasm passed only somewhat she spun around and let them each enjoy that part of her the other had just partaken.

This was a serendipitous discovery but one, like the dual foot worshipping, she found quite gratifying. Soon pussy and ass worship became a regular part of their routine and Mistress varied her position to keep things fresh and lively. Her favorite position was side lying. Having one slave sandwiched between her flexed thighs, it opened her ass perfectly so the other could lap away along the full length of her crack. The position also lengthened the time it took for her to reach a climax. She had no clue why but when she finally did come ever orgasm in that position was truly powerful.

Additionally it created a way for both slaves to work together. That first night they pleasured her independently but in time they used their talents symbiotically. One way was for them to lick her from bottom to top together; one licking her vulva, the other making the long lapping stroke up between her ass crease. Another was to probe her to a similar beat. Slave girl had come up with this one. She'd tap slaves' leg with one finger and with each tap the two of them would insert their tongues inside whatever orifice they happened to be worshipping. The similarities of their dual actions heightened Mistress' pleasure. She could focus on both body areas simultaneously since both were being ministered to in like ways. It made for a most enjoyable time and it also made for her two slaves to take pride in working together while pleasing mistress.


A Tennessee Education Pt. 06
byKatiekatsman©

Sharon moves things along with her two slaves

Now with two household slaves in tow Mistress Sharon takes time to merge them from two separate entities into a single functioning unit. To make this happen she organizes several events to bond the two into a harmonious unit. She also learns unexpected things during her trial and error approach. As stated in each of the previous parts, this story is a fantasy and one in which female dominance/femdom is advocated. If female dominance/male submission or man subjugated to slavery is not what you are looking for you will not want to read further. If it is, I hope you enjoy the read. Before you read here, please read the previous parts as each section builds on the one previous.

*****

A Tennessee Education

Part 6: More Changes on the Horizon

As the school year progressed into the final marking period, Sharon put in a request to the School Board that they extend the time needed for full academic remediation thorough the end of the calendar year. After she and Bobby met with the board, explained what they had accomplished, demonstrated what successes they had so far seen and why they needed more time, the Board agreed to discuss the issue at their next meeting and bring it to a vote.

When Mistress and slave left the downtown site after that Board meeting, they were surprised to see Mariko waiting at the foot of the marble steps.

"I didn't expect to see you here," Sharon said wondering why she was several miles from home on a perfect April evening.

"I thought maybe you and I could spend some time together," she said to Sharon. "Mind if we talk while I drive? He can take your car home can't he?"

"Sure." She handed slave the keys and told him to make sure the newly washed clothes were folded and put away.

When they were on the road, Mariko quickly brought their conversation around to the subject of Jasmine. "You've hardly said a word to me about this girl ever since you kidnapped her. My curiosity is getting the best of me."

"So that's why you stood out there - because of Jasmine?" she beamed. "How long were you waiting?"

"You know how I am Sharon. Once I make up my mind I can't let it go."

She grinned.

"And you know I have to see something through to the end, so yes, that's why I spent my after work evening eating a vendor's hotdog and drinking a Coke while peaking inside to see how the meeting was progressing. Normally I'd come in but I hate those dam Board meetings. They last forever and accomplish what? Nothing," she said answering her own question. "I'm driving to your place by the way. Figured you'd let me see the girl at least."

"OK," she said apprehensively. "You have a plan at work and I have no idea what this plan of yours is."

"I do. I thought the three of us could spend some time together at my place. Just the three of us."

"That sounds fine Mariko."

"Great, so how is this cute little project of yours? Is she coming along?"

Sharon was about to explain it all when Mariko added, "Kamelah tells me she's exceptional."

"Mistress Mariko, you do seem to have tentacles that are far reaching. Anything else you've learned while you've been prying into my personal life?"

Mariko kept a straight face although she was smiling internally. "Oh, a little of this and a little of that."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Jessica." She said tersely.

Sharon gasped. "How did you ever hear about that and what do you know?"

"She told me about your dinner social sometime in January. Really the only reason she brought it up was because you had mentioned about me giving you Bobby." Mariko smiled charmingly. "A little later into our conversation she explained all the juicy parts." She laughed while Sharon sat shaking her head in amazement.

"It wasn't until she revealed every detail of how nice it felt to have your slave eat her pussy and the incredible climaxes she had that I began wondering about things."

"Why would that little tidbit of information make you wonder about anything more than a slave licking a mistress to an orgasm?"

She tapped one finger against the side of her head a few times, "I remember things Sharon. I remember everything that is important," she said smiling. "One of those little nuggets was shared to me by your slave shortly after he started working here. He said something about a daughter. It was nothing more than a passing comment but I knew a Jessica that was about the same age as his child and I wondered if coincidences were indeed possible."

Sharon blurted, "They are. What they did when they were together was scary hot. I mean he did things to her he has never done to me. It's weird how intense he makes her come."

"Are you going to tell her?" Mariko inquired.

"Hell no! She'll think I'm a creep if I do!"

"But he knows?"

"Oh yea. I took him to her place while she and I had dinner. He was at my feet when she told her life's story. He figured it out before I did. I wondered if they might be after she mentioned she'd grown up in Randolf of all places. My suspicions were confirmed when I saw Thirty-five had been crying while he knelt listening."

"It is a small world sometimes," Mariko said softly.

"Indeed it is. Please don't let Jessica know more at this point," Sharon pleaded.

"I wouldn't ever do that. Your secret will remain just that unless you decide otherwise."

Sharon squeezed her shoulder gently. "Thank you."

When they arrived, Sharon hurried inside informing Jasmine they were going out. She didn't wait for the slave girl to answer. Instead she grabbed her hand and pulled her along, naked and beautiful, out to the waiting car. It was the first time slave girl had left the house since her arrival in December. When the trunk lid popped open and Sharon pointed, telling her to climb in she froze. Only then did Sharon realize why.

"This is going to be a short trip," she reassured her. "I always transport slave this way. He rides in the trunk every day to and from work."

Jasmine still looked at her tentatively.

"I am not going to harm you slave girl. Now get inside. Someone wants to meet you."

"Who?"

"Slave girl, you know better than to question me. Get inside. I'll not repeat myself," her voice suddenly becoming more stern.

"Yes Mistress. It's hard to trust you right now but I will."

"That's a good slave," Sharon said patronizing as she checked to be certain she was fully in. She shut the lid locking her in darkness.

When Sharon got back in, Mariko explained how she had forgotten all about a commitment she had later this evening.

"We don't need to go. This can wait," Sharon insisted.

"Sharon. Don't even think about it. I want to see her up close and in person. Besides it will be good for you to meet Malik."

"He sounds black."

Mariko laughed. "Black, handsome, intelligent, and maybe slave material." She grinned deviously.

"So why do you want me to meet him?" Her curiosity piqued.

"I'm not sure. Just something in my gut is telling me it wouldn't hurt. And besides, he works in the school system - at one of the middle schools. He might be someone you have to work with before you are all through with your project."

"When's he coming over?"

"In about an hour. Tell you what," Mariko said suddenly having a thought, "What if you left the girl with me for the night. That will give me more time to assess her."

Sharon balked, "Let's wait and see how the evening goes. I'll decide if she stays later."

Mariko frowned.

"I'm afraid you might lose the slave girl just like you lost my other one." Sharon did her best to suppress her amusement but couldn't and suddenly burst into laughter.

"Not a chance! If you let her stay, she will be leashed at all times. That slave won't be going anywhere!" she said amused at the witty comment.

When the car finally stopped and the trunk door released Jasmine stared up into the eyes of the woman.

"It's you!"

"Hi Jasmine, my don't you look beautiful."

"Why am I here?" her antennae now raised to a Code Red status.

"Slave, you don't ask questions. Mind your manners. Come, let me help you out." Mariko extended her hand. Jasmine took it.

"You may call me Mistress Mariko and I will call you slave. Now let's practice," she said promptly.

"Mistress Mariko?"

"Yes slave."

"Why did I have to ride in the trunk?"

"Because that's where all slaves ride." She looked at the young blonde curiously with those big almond eyes. Mariko corrected herself, "I meant to say, that's where all the new slaves ride. At some point, when a Mistress fully trusts a slave she may let them ride in the car with her."

"Thank you Mistress. I didn't know that."

Mariko patted the woman on the ass and motioned for her to come up the porch steps.

By the time they had gotten inside, Sharon had already gotten the wine out of the refrigerator and was pouring two glasses. Mariko led Jasmine to the formal living room and sat down.

"Turn around," she said motioning to the slave girl. "Beautiful body this one has," Mariko called out to Sharon.

Jasmine stood bowing her head deferentially as she presented. Her nipples remained hard like two jellybeans attached to the tips of perfectly shaped breasts and her pussy visible between spread legs.

"I see your Mistress has trained you well. Worship!" she snapped.

She dropped to her knees bowing as Mistress had taught her so long ago.

"Good girl. Lick my feet. Be sure to get between my toes."

Jasmine obeyed and remained doing so while the two mistresses conversed. Their banter for the next while passed all too fast and came to a momentary pause when the doorbell rang.

"Would you get that for me Sharon? I'm enjoying her too much to move."

Sharon smiled after seeing slave girls perfect ass looking back at her. She had indeed turned out to be a perfect slave.

Mariko listened as Malik and Sharon introduced themselves to one another. Sharon prepped him by saying a slave girl was busy with Mariko. Malik smiled; his teeth white against his dark handsome skin. Sharon was immediately taken. The man was truly gorgeous.

"I see you two have met."

"Indeed we have," said Malik.

" And don't you both look good standing together," Mariko added. She watched him star intently at Jasmine's naked body.

"Malik," Mariko said clapping her hands and getting his attention. "Yes she's naked and she's licking my feet but don't you give her another thought. She's just a slave girl," she said casually as if there was nothing abnormal about what he was seeing.

Malik's eyes widened while he shook his head. Then he grinned. Mariko never ever seemed to have a dull and ordinary moment in her life. This was yet another example.

"Here," Mariko said, "Come and sit." When he did she added "I honestly forgot all about our date and double booked my evening when I invited Sharon and her slave over. She's been training this one for about," she paused.

"About four months now," Sharon added.

"She's your slave?" he asked.

"Yes. She belongs to me."

"She looks hot," Malik said.

Sharon asked, "What looks hot?"

Malik grinned. "That!" He said pointing to what she was doing. "That looks hot!"

Sharon slowly smiled, her face brightening even more. "No one's busy with my feet," she said coolly.

Malik looked at each of the three women in turn but didn't move.

Mariko spoke up. "Malik, a beautiful woman offers you the opportunity to worship her feet and you are going to deny her that pleasure?"

"My god Mariko I just walked in."

"Well now that you're here don't you think you should be productive?"

He opened his mouth but could think of nothing to say in his defense. He stared at Mariko.

She spoke, "And besides, we were just talking about something important when you rang the bell. This will be the perfect excuse to let us continue with our gossip. Now don't keep the lady waiting."

Malik looked once more at Sharon he moved her gaze from him to her feet and back again several times. He smiled.

"As you wish," he said finally. "May I move the coffee table?"

"No," Mariko said, "but you may crawl underneath it. Her feet are on the floor. There is no need to move the table."

Sharon giggled at Mariko's wit. She waited patiently as the handsome black man situated himself and slipped off her shoes.

"He's got some big hands," Mariko said, "and some big feet too. You know what they say about men like that."

"Mariko, what were we talking about? I don't think it was the size of his appendages." Her grin betrayed her words.

Mariko leaned forward, "You mean his appendage," she said using the singular variation of that word. "Now that would be an interesting topic to segue our conversation to, given this recent knowledge we have about Malik."

Sharon noticed Jasmine was now kissing Mariko's calf and during the next ten minutes slowly kissed her way up to her pussy. She realized Mariko had anticipated this possibility. She wasn't wearing any panties and her skirt was loose, permitting easy access to anyone she wanted to put between her thighs.

Sharon meanwhile enjoyed Malik's style. His strong hands massaged the layers of muscles in her arch and his tongue delicately stroked her feet. There was something different in the way this man worshipped. She didn't know what it was but it felt so very good. He had a style about him that aroused her. She didn't understand why but it was there and she liked feeling this way. She hadn't felt titillated in this way in a long time - maybe since before she and Jonathan parted ways. Although his technique was raw and unskilled he did something for her that felt so very nice!

A half hour later, with neither woman having spoken a word during most of that time, Mariko stood, grabbed Jasmine by the hand and together they headed upstairs.

"Where are they going?" Malik whispered.

"Upstairs."

"I knew that much," he said speaking louder. Why did they leave?"

"Probably because Mariko wanted to see how good she is at eating pussy," she said matter of fact.

Malik moaned and then added, "That sounds even better than foot worship."

Sharon smiled. "I have high standards Mr. Malik."

"My performance standards are all first rate," he countered

"No man has ever licked me without being naked."

"May I stand for you Madam?"

"Mistress sounds better, wouldn't you agree?"

"Why Mistress?"

"Because I am. I'll never not be. I live to be pleased and not to please others; I am one who is to be obeyed. I don't take orders from anyone," she watched his eyes while he still knelt, cupping one foot inside his big hand. "And I never will."

"You are speaking my language, Mistress."

"I really don't know that I am. Talk is cheap Malik. Obedience is not something that comes easy to most men and I doubt you're an exception."

"Care to find out?"

"No, not now," she said bluntly. "Let's stick to the basics, shall we? Off with the clothes." She flicked her hand as if to tell him to lose them now.

He stood and she watched as he unbuttoned his dress shirt revealing a ripped chest and abdomen. Strong well defined muscles rippled with every movement. Sharon twirled her finger while he slowly turned letting her examine his posterior while her excitement at seeing such a nice body rocketed upward.

"Lose the socks next. I don't want to see you your cock with socks on." She grinned fiendishly.

"No socks tonight Mistress. I came prepared." He slipped out of his slacks and underwear in one efficient movement. His cock stared back. It was the biggest, thickest, most beautiful cock she had ever seen. As nice as Bobby's cock was, this one was even more perfect. She could feel herself salivating.

"It really is true about the hands and feet then, isn't it?"

Malik grinned.

"Come here slave." She looked at him intentionally before adding, "That's what I call any man I take control of," she said grabbing his manhood in one hand. She stroked it watching it steadily grow. "Nice cock Malik."

"Told you I have first-rate standards."

"Indeed you do. How big?"

"Never really measured. Big enough, don't you think?"

"Perfect."

"Do you want to take it for a test drive?"

"Slave, rule number two is to never ask Mistress a question if she hasn't first given you permission."

"What's rule number one?"

"There you go again; you just broke rule number two," she smirked. "Rule number one is 'obey Mistress always'."

"Let's practice rule number one tonight."

"OK."

"It's not 'OK'. It's Yes Mistress. No Mistress. Got it, slave?"

He took a step backward, looking at her seriously. "You know, I'm really not your slave. You can call me what you want but it doesn't change the fact of who I am."

"So you want to play hardball?"

"Not really. I just want to lick your pussy."

"Only slaves lick my pussy. Looks like you're out of luck."

"We're talking semantics Sharon. You want me to be your slave for a bit? I can do that but just as long as we both know the truth."

Sharon observed him coolly wondering what to do.

Malik stepped closer doing his best to suppress a smile. "I would love to lick your pussy Mistress."

The guy was a project and he reminded her of Bobby: good looking and cocky. But she was horny and didn't want to focus on the power-play he had chosen to pull. She stood. "Take off my panties."

He did.

"Lay on your back."

He did.

"Now eat."

He did.

If neighbors had their windows open or had decided to take a walk on a perfect April evening they could have hardly avoided the gasps, shrieks and moans coming from both the upstairs and downstairs. Both women were pleasured until they were completely exhausted. Mariko came down just as Malik brought Sharon to a final climax. Jasmine smiled at the sight of the black man eating her. Sharon noticed the reaction and wondered if she was thinking about Bobby having competition. If she did, it was evidence of the ill-will she still held for him. And she could hardly blame her after all he did.

"God I love to face fuck a man lying on his back." She stood, leaving him supine and his face soaking wet.

Mariko gently stepped on Malik's chest while grabbing hold of Jasmine's tit. "What turns you on more slave girl, doing what you just did to me or maybe playing with that?" she pointed to the monster cock sticking straight up.

Jasmine gave a passing look to his thick member and then wrapped both arms around Mariko. "That use to be fun but I like being with you," she kissed her on the neck, "and doing what you made me do for you lot's more."

"So you really enjoyed pleasing me that much? More than playing with something as nice as that?" she pointed to his shaft once more.

"Yes Mistress, very much."

Mariko smiled and cupped her cunt with one hand while wrapping the other around her thin waist. "May I keep her for the night?" she said possessively.

Sharon paused. She could see the lust in Mariko's eyes. "I'm going to take her home. There is something I need her to do for me and it can't wait until tomorrow."

Jasmine's hopes rose and sank at the invite and dismissal. What she had done with Mistress Mariko felt so special. She didn't quite understand why but she had come to love pussy and her pussy appealed to her immeasurably. She had a scent that was different than Mistress Sharon's. She couldn't describe it precisely but she also couldn't get the thought of it out of her mind. She knew Mistress Mariko had enjoyed her a great deal. She guessed her enjoyment was more than she thought possible. Jasmine could sense her feelings although she never outright told her. Jasmine made love to her pussy differently than a man. She was gentler; at least tonight she was. She took Mariko to those places she wanted to feel slowly and let her stay there for a prolonged period of time before allowing her full recuperation. Then she did it all over again but did so differently than before. And Mistress Mariko made her feel wonderful, not so much in letting her lick her pussy. That was fun and exciting and not something to be taken lightly. It was the way she ran her hands over her body when she inspected every inch of her nakedness. She made her feel like property, but special property indeed. Property intended to be viewed and then enjoyed by someone who was so much more than she. And her hands; oh, they made her feel exhilarated in ways Bobby or her husband or the twenty or so guys before them never did. Her thoughts were interrupted when Mariko spoke.

Mariko frowned but seceded to her will. "As you wish. Malik and I have lots to discuss here after you're gone anyway."

"Well then I won't hold you up any longer. We need to get going," she said pulling her panties up. "I'll call slave to come get us."

"It's already been done. He's been out there waiting for some time."

"Thank you Mariko. You're a doll."

Sharon climbed into the back seat and pulled the slave girl in next to her. "On the floor. Worship my legs until we arrive," she commanded. She then ordered slave to take her home.

No sooner had they gotten inside when she dropped her purse on the floor, ordered slave girl to put it away and then commanded slave.

"Go get me the plastic wrap I bought the other day. It's on the kitchen counter."

When he returned Mistress stood in the living room facing her two properties. "Slave girl, it's time for you to understand that slave here is not your enemy. He is my property and does what I tell him. He does not, nor has he ever before acted on his own accord. When he punished you he did so because I told him to."

Jasmine looked at Mistress with a squirreled expression. She obviously didn't understand what she was hearing or why she was being told this.

"I made him punish you because he was the one that took off with you in the truck. I didn't. He was the one that went to your trailer and almost let you cut off his cage. I didn't. So it only seemed right that he should be the one who should punish you for doing those things that tempted you to damage my screen, front window, kitchen and car."

"I'm sorry Mistress. I was a different person back then."

Sharon smiled. "Indeed you were. But know you are a beautiful slave and one that I have come to enjoy. You are a far better woman now than you ever were before all this happened. But that's not what I want to discuss now. I want you to understand that he did things to you because I have him the freedom to do so. But that is behind us. He helped you to understand how I want you to be. I want you to be here with me and I want you to be my slave girl.

"So do I Mistress."

Sharon smiled again and brushed the back of her hand across her cheek. "I know. But it's time for you to make amends with slave. He is not your enemy and you have no reason to fear him. Now do as I tell you. This is for your own good."

She turned them so they were facing one another and then pushed slave up against slave girl.

"Don't move."

Sharon began wrapping plastic wrap around their lower backs several times. After ripping the plastic she repeated this to both upper and lower legs. She stood back from her handiwork, "Not bad. Embrace," she commanded.

They did. Sharon moved slave girls hands so they rested on the outside of his arms and not around him. When she was content on their position a few layers of plastic molded them in place. She pushed them onto the sofa. They fell heavily although the cushions eased their impact. She laughed as they fell clumsily onto the soft cushions.

"Now, get on to the floor." She pointed and carefully they rolled off. "You will sleep here tonight. I'm going to bed."

When the lights were turned off, Jasmine started breathing more heavily. She felt that sense of panic she could not avoid. Thankfully she was eight inches shorter than he was and didn't have to look at him. She rested her head against his chest and to her surprise the slow beat of his heart, thudding in her ear calmed her. She lay on him feeling his warmth and closeness.

"I'm sorry for what I did to you. I want you to know I had no choice," he whispered.

Jasmine said nothing but listened.

"I hated myself every night when I left you to freeze but she told me I had to break you. Mistress told me I needed to break your spirit and do so without harming your relationship with her. I had to do what I did Jasmine."

He felt the wetness of her tears on his chest.

"I love Mistress," he said.

"So do I," she said almost inaudibly.

"And she loves you. She made me do those things so that you would come to love her. And now you do. I hope you can see just how much she cared for you even through all of your hard times with me."

Jasmine didn't respond but she began to comprehend. After a long time she asked, "What do you love most?"

Bobby thought for awhile. "I think I love knowing she wants me here. I want to please her and when I do, it makes me feel needed and secure."

"I feel the same way."

"I think all slaves feel that way. It's what makes us unique. Not everyone is made the way we are. You and I were designed by God to serve others."

"I think you're right," she whispered.

"I think Mistress wants us to be friends," Bobby said. "That's why she's doing this. It's her way of forcing us to make up."

"I think she loves having slaves. That's what she told Mistress Mariko tonight."

"I think she does too. She's so different than when we first met but then so am I."

Jasmine looked up at him finally, "Me too."

"Do you ever think about going back home to Randolf?"

"I use to but I like it here. There is nothing for me there and I have a real purpose here."

"And she takes care of you too."

"Yes she does. I wish I could lick her. I love licking her."

The two slaves talked for another hour. The idea of binding them so intimately proved to be the impetus they needed to bridge the gap that had separated them for so long. Sharon listened from the monitor she had moved upstairs and their conversation both saddened and gladdened her. Slavery was a life of opposites she supposed and her slaves expressed those emotions. Bobby had been converted. She had no doubts about his allegiance. Jasmine was a different story. As much as she wanted to believe she had been broken she was hesitant to really trust her fully. Yet her words tonight seemed to confirm that she at least had no intentions to leave. Whether or not that was because she had embraced her slavery at the deepest level or simply because Randolf held no interest she could not discern. Eventually Sharon drifted off to sleep soon after the conversation downstairs quieted.

...

The month of May signified the final push to get specific objectives completed at work. For the teachers and students alike, it meant counting down the days until that final day on June second when school would end for the summer. For those high school grads that continued their education May meant final exams for the hundreds of thousands of undergraduate and graduate students in colleges and universities across the country. That thought had not slipped Mistress' mind for she had been in contact with the sorority girls off and on for the past week. They eagerly awaited the 'treat' Sharon said she had for them.

When she pulled the car to the curb in front of the massive stone house she left the slaves in the trunk and headed inside. Finding Tiffany the two ladies spoke. Sharon made sure she had scheduled enough partakers to keep her slaves busy and inspected the room where they would be performing their deed. She never made mention of what she really had in mind but left it to Tiffany to interpret her as she wanted. Tif had moved the furniture out of the middle of the main room, similar to how she had done so in December.

"You can put him right here?"

"Sure," She said beaming.

Tiffany noticed the sudden change in attitude. "What?"

"Where can I put the other one?"

"Two!!" she exclaimed.

"I told you I had a treat for you."

"Mmmm," she thought. "It would be more fun to have them together then in separate rooms," she mused. "Don't you think?"

"I think that sounds like lots of fun."

"Yea, then they can hear how the other is doing."

"I like you Tif. Someday you really should think about becoming a Mistress. It really is a perfect life for the right kind of lady."

"I've already made up my mind on that. In fact I think most of the girls living here have. We don't get asked out anymore on weekends." She paused waiting for the question.

"You don't?"

"Nope," she said beaming, "we do the asking and then we make the guy treat us the way we want."

"That is so cool. I need to get you in touch with a woman-friend of mine. I think she has a lot to offer you girls."

"Maybe we can do that when school starts in the fall."

"I'll make it happen."

Tiffany hugged the older shapely woman. "Go get your slaves."

When Sharon returned with Bobby and Jasmine - both naked, except for Bobby's cage, the girls standing around in anticipation gasped.

"I told you I had a special treat. What do you think?"

Tiffany and several of the other girls eyed the older voluptuous blonde. "She's beautiful," they said together.

Sharon eyed them, now naked from the waist down. "It looks like you're getting ready," she said looking at their pussies.

They laughed without feeling any hint of shyness or embarrassment.

Sharon said, "Here, you take them and get them settled where you want. They're here for you to enjoy, not me."

"Thanks Mistress," one of the girls said taking Jasmine by the arm.

Tiffany remained standing next to Sharon just inside the Great Room. "I told them to make sure they were good and comfortable. We'd like to keep them for awhile if that's fine with you.

"Are you expecting a nice crowd?"

Tif beamed. "Even with two slaves we could be here until dark easily."

"Then that's when I'll be back. Is midnight too late?"

"That long?" She exclaimed. "Oh Mistress, that's so nice of you."

"Do you think you can have someone keep track of how many orgasms they each give? I want to give a surprise to the one that performs best."

"I'll make sure we take care of that."

"Good. I'll see you then."

Sharon walked over to Jasmine and knelt and whispered in her ear, "If you make more girls come than slave I'll let you spend the night with Mistress Mariko."

Jasmine's countenance brightened instantly. "Really?"

"You heard me." She stood and moved to slave.

"Don't disappoint me. I expect nothing less than perfection from you."

"Yes Mistress."

Before standing she said, "You know why you and slave girl are here; it's not about the orgasms but rather to expose every girl you serve to the life I live. They all know you are owned slaves. My hope is they will eventually own a slave of their own in the not too distant future."

He looked longingly into her beautiful eyes wishing it was her that was about to mount him. Surrounding him now were at least ten women; some completely naked, others partially, but all eagerly waiting to make use of his services.

"I understand."

She squeezed his balls fondly and left.

"Ladies," Tiffany called as she slipped her tank-top up and over her head. At 22 she was in the peak of her female form. Tall and lean and athletic with high-riding tits she stood shameless and forthright before the thirty or so similarly dressed sorority girls. "Its noon," she called out. "And you know what happens at noon don't you?"

"We feed!" They said in unison followed by a roar of laughter.

Tif moved to the center of the room, placing one foot on Jasmine's pussy. "Mistress has brought us another slave for our enjoyment. Her name is Jasmine. She's 26 and beautiful but unlike us, she's a slave!"

"And we are mistresses in the making!" someone cried out.

"Indeed we are," Tiffany answered. "But even though she has tits and a pussy she is not one of us. She is no different than him!" She is here to serve us just as much as he is." She pointed to each as she recognized them. "So put aside any apprehensions you might have doing it with a girl and enjoy face fucking her as hard and as wild as you want!" She yelled now, full of excitement. "Remember," she added and then bent and spit on Jasmine's face, "she is a slave and you are?" She cupped her hand behind her ear as if listening.

"Mistresses!" they all roared.

Tif watched their desires to feed the two slaves grow visibly. Several started stroking their pussies in expectation for what would soon come.

"Mistress has generously agreed to give us these slaves to use as we wish until midnight. We have twelve hours to party! Drinks are in the kitchen. Drink up and fuck up!" She yelled. "I'm starting with the cute one. Who wants to party with me and ride the slave boy?"

A thick black woman almost ran to Bobby and sat poised inches from his mouth. Together the girls counted silently, "one, two, three!" and then lowered their cunts onto mouths waiting eagerly to please.

Jasmine brought Tif to a climax in a matter of minutes and she screamed triumphantly. "Oh god she's good! Of fuck, I love how she made me feel."

Bobby brought the black girl to her orgasm but it took almost as long as it did Jasmine to bring her second over the edge. The college girls seemed not to care whose face they fucked. As the alcohol flowed and the ladies became more inebriated the party conversely grew wilder. At one point there were three slaves eating pussy. A freshmen desiring acceptance into this particular group took up Tiffany's dare. One sexy senior girl after another fucked her face for an entire hour. When she finally stood she was awash in fluids but her eyes beamed with satisfaction. She had never been with a woman let alone with eight. Tif embraced the skinny girl and told her she had helped her cause by being such a good sport.

Meanwhile, Jasmine's lead had shrunk from seven to three although she had no idea what the tally was. Tiffany had put one of the other's in charge of keeping track. In the far corner and out of the line of sight of the two slaves stood a white board with tally marks aligned in two columns.

By the time midnight approached both slaves looked as if they had just finished boxing in a ten round fight. Their hair was a mess, their lips, face and tongues swollen and their shoulders, chest, stomachs and necks were a mass of scratches from out-of-control college girls raking their fingernails over their bodies. Bobby even had one eye partially swollen shut. One chic punched him because she thought he hadn't performed up to her expectations and socked him hard demanding he do her right.

Sharon arrived and was greeted by a throng of cheers. Stacy, who had enjoyed Jasmine three times and Bobby once brought her a beer. "This has been so much fun," she said. "We really need to make this an annual event."

Sharon laughed and took a pull from her bottle. "Thanks, I love doing this. It's so good for the slaves and even better for ya'll."

Tif grinned, "Indeed it is."

"Don't misunderstand me, I love that they can get off on their mouths while having a good time during finals but what I really want them to understand is that they could have slaves for themselves after they are through with college just like I enjoy these two at home every day."

This was at least the second time Sharon had brought this subject up today and Tif recognized how near and dear femdom, or female dominance was to her heart. "Trust me. In our sorority we discuss the topic all the time. What I think will get the ladies thinking is her," she pointed to Jasmine. "It's a first for most of them to have a girl on girl relationship and know she will never be dominant." She looked at Sharon. "Personally, I've never given the thought to having a slave girl. My only option was what boy I'd turn into one."

"I hope you do take a boy. I only took her because of a series of circumstances that threatened to take my boy slave from me. I had no intention of turning her into something like him. She happened to be a natural after I was able to open her mind enough to see that."

"Will you keep her?"

"Keep her? I'm not sure. Make her remain a slave? Probably. I think Jasmine has found a place of contentment in slavery that is akin to what Bobby feels. They both have deep seated needs to serve, obey and please women."

She shook her head as if in disbelief, "I can't fathom living like they do."

"I hope that changes real soon. Too many women live lives just like Jasmine. They end up getting married and serving a man that doesn't love and appreciate them the way they deserve."

Tif listened intently as she understood her point from a vantage point she hadn't yet heard.

"Oh, they don't call it slavery," continued Sharon, "But I can attest that far too many men abuse their wives or partners in ways they'd only do with a slave. It's so sad because our society encourages women to submit to men. The old vow in which a woman promised to obey is not that far removed. It's my wish that we reverse that trend and do so not so much by forcing men to obey but by opening their minds to see they willing can say those words and live a satisfying life doing so."

"Now there's a nice thought."

"Indeed it is. There are a good proportion of men out there that have no idea they would be happier submitting to a woman than living a traditional vanilla life." Sharon watched two ladies come in glorious orgasms almost simultaneously while she spoke. Two more stood nearby waiting for another go at them but Sharon stepped forward and grabbed each by the arm. "It's time I take my slaves home. You'll have to wait until next time."

"So they belong to you?" One asked.

"Yes. I thought you knew that."

"We got here late and we don't live here. I guess we missed that somehow."

"Then you need to talk to Tiffany." She pointed her out. "She'll tell you all about the meetings they old here. They talk about how to get a guy and train him to be a slave and talk about lots of other similar topics. I'm sure you will find what she has to say interesting."

The girls' eyes widened with curiosity and wonderment. "We will! This is so cool. Thanks for bringing them."

"You're very welcome. Tell you what, why don't you two be the last to enjoy them."

"Really?"

"Go ahead." She waved them on.

"Thanks!"

...

On the way out to the car slave girl whispered in her Mistress' ear. "Did I win?"

"You know rule #2 slave girl." Sharon smiled broadly.

Jasmine responded meekly. "I'm sorry I asked. I was just so curious."

"I know you were. Everyone said you both were so fun to be with," she said raising her voice so both could hear.

The naked slaves strolled to the car that was parked out back. The three walked as if they were fully dressed. Nakedness, especially for Jasmine had become the norm. With the exception of the twenty four hour period when Deb visited she couldn't remember a time she had worn anything. In fact, she only had one outfit. She came here with nothing and Mistress had only purchased what she wore last weekend recently.

The public story on Jasmine, from what Sharon had learned was she was officially considered missing. Law officials stated the case was ongoing but admitted they had no leads nor any evidence indicating what happened to the 25 year old in December. Because she lived in such a rural area there were no witnesses and an investigation at her home found nothing that led them to believe a crime had been committed. Her husband of two year reported her absence on Christmas Eve. Friends and neighbors noted they had not seen the young woman for several days prior to Christmas so there was no definitive time frame on when she actually went missing.

Further reports on her case diminished in frequency by late January and the last thing Sharon had heard was a short blurb in mid-February in which simply stated there had been no further leads for which the small police force of a single officer to follow up on. Her whereabouts remained a mystery.

Upon arrival at home, Mistress treated both slaves to a night secured loosely to the floor eyebolt. They needed their rest. They had done well. Jasmine surprised Sharon by racking up sixteen more orgasms than her counterpart, an impressive number given the skilled tongue of slave. Within fifteen minutes of walking in the house all three was sound asleep. 

The school year came to an abrupt end at East Riverton. The flurry of activities including athletics, concerts, recitals, and plays and standardized testing had most everyone involved. Teachers were busy meeting end of the year requirements, cleaning out classrooms and getting ready to clear out to enjoy some extended R an R. Unfortunately the state legislature had not approved the budget for the fiscal year. It was an election year and republicans and democrats alike where playing their various political power plays in an attempt to make the other side look incompetent.

"If they only knew how pathetic they all looked," Mariko thought after reading the latest email sent from the Beverly Beecham, the school superintendent. Her note indicated new contracts would not be out before the final day of school and all employees were asked to check emails regularly for any updates. It wasn't that this news directly affected Mariko however it indirectly did. She was the one that collected, tabulated and transferred the signed papers downtown. What she feared was how this might alter her summer plans. She would need to be here for the week following when contracts were sent out. She made a note to check with Beverly on Thursday. She was a regular and longtime attendee of the women's meetings. Having a husband, now converted to a slave, they shared much in common.

Sharon and Bobby also finished up the few projects they had ongoing. All of the background work had been completed some months ago and now they focused on the implementation of various policies, techniques and strategies, all of which required teachers and students alike to be in class.

As the school year entered its final week, Sharon could think of little else then wanting to get away from the stresses of her job. Yet she was unsure exactly what to do with her summer. More frequently she found herself unsettled; unsettled about life as well as where her life was going. She couldn't put her finger on the source of the issue but there was an uncertainty nevertheless. She also wanted to go home. She hadn't been home for one of her usual holidays in almost a year and missed seeing family. Although she had seen Deb a few times she had not been around her other siblings or parents in months. The issue wasn't time now so much as it was her slaves. She'd bring them in a heartbeat but she didn't want to offend her folks. Offending Bobby's was fun but she didn't feel the same way about her parents. "Why make them look at her differently? Why get into heavy Mistress/slave conversations when her time with them would be so brief anyway? Why give them cause to worry about one of their children? Why deal with the guilt her brothers would most likely heap on her?" She had too many thoughts, all of which pointed to leaving them home before the week of the Fourth of July.

And then there was the other issue that kept filling her mind. She had no clue how to address it and yet that was probably the cause of all the other stresses she felt. On this, she couldn't even talk to Deb. Mariko was the only one who had the perspective and wisdom to help and so over dinner in late June she set aside time to take Mariko to do some shopping and enjoy quality time alone at a quant mountain getaway town filled with small shops, ample restaurants and made tourists feel like they never wanted to leave and return home.

Their time away was exactly what she needed and Mariko as usual served as the wise sage providing Sharon with wisdom, perspective and advice. Sharon admired her mentor. She was wise beyond her forty two years, an age she only recently discovered. Mariko always created an atmosphere on these occasions in which Sharon felt free to speak and do so without being or feeling judged. Mariko had that way about her. She could be so intimidating at times and yet so loving and thoughtful. On this day she became the mother Sharon needed but she was also more. She was the scheming witch who could see things Sharon had no idea even existed. After Sharon arrived home late that evening she headed to the basement, unlocked the slaves and let them take turns satisfying her before heading off to bed.

"Oh they felt so good," she thought as first slave and then slave girl licked her pussy and ass to perfection. When they were through she let them sleep unsecured for the first time ever on her floor. The decision came on a whim but she felt as if they had finally earned her trust.

"Thank you Mistress," they said almost together.

"Thank you. You have been so obedient lately. I thought you needed a little reward to let you know how much I've appreciated you."

Sharon turned her attention to Jasmine, "Remember the challenge I gave you some time ago, the one I whispered in your ear?"

"Yes Mistress," Jasmine said excitedly.

"Tomorrow night you may go."

"Oh thank you Mistress! Thank you! I've been looking forward to this for a long time."

Bobby listened but had no idea what they were talking about and knew better than to ask. When slave girl finally calmed down Sharon turned to him. "That means I will have you all to myself. Think you can make me come until I'm begging you to stop?"

"Mistress, I would love to please you however you want."

"That's my slave." She patted him gently on the head.

"OK, let's sleep. I'm so tired."

A Tennessee Education Pt. 07
byKatiekatsman©

Sharon surprises everyone with unexpected news

In this final segment the story comes to its conclusion as Sharon gathers key characters together and once more upsets the applecart. I hope you've enjoyed the tale as much as I've enjoyed writing it. Again... this is a story of femdom, male slavery, male bondage, female dominance and advocates a lifestyle in which females rule and men obey. If this is not what you enjoy then please look elsewhere. If you do, I hope you've enjoyed the read!

*****

A Tennessee Education Part 7: The Party

On the final Saturday of June, Sharon held a party of sorts. It wasn't a large party. Rather it was quite intimate with only eight attendees. Sharon made simple plans sending slave girl and slave out to fetch drinks, and specific food items. The party was to be given that evening beginning at six. A week earlier, Sharon had sent a letter to her sister Debra. In it was a short note requesting her presence along with a roundtrip ticket to Riverton. Mariko received a similar invitation, not delivered to her school mailbox but rather by United States Postal Service. In the invite Sharon asked her to come if at all possible. She conveyed how much her presence would mean and that this was an important gathering. The other invitations went to Malik Johnson, the middle school IT guy whom she serendipitously met the evening when she and Jasmine had visited Mariko and to Jessica and her slave-husband. The other three attending would of course be slave, slave girl and she.

Unlike the previous get together when Deb was here, Sharon didn't pay lots of attention to making sure the house was immaculate. Rather she let the slaves go about their ordinary business of completing weekend chores as usual.

After the slaves returned from shopping and got everything stowed away Sharon told slave to head to the airport. He stood a little straighter at the news and soon left. Sharon knew it would take him at least an hour before he got home. Grabbing slave girl roughly by the collar she pulled her upstairs. Soon she was between her legs and feasting on her cunt. Sharon enjoyed her through four powerful orgasms before pushing her away.

"Massage my legs," she said rolling over, "and get undressed before you do. I should have had you do that sooner but I was too horny."

"That's OK Mistress. I love having you all to myself."

Sharon didn't respond. She laid waiting for her soft hands to start kneading her legs. She needed a nice rubdown.

Soon after Bobby got to the arrival terminal he spotted Deb as soon as she rounded the corner. He beamed the moment he saw her. She was so beautiful. Waving over the heads of others in front she saw him and waved back. Deb embraced him and planted a soft kiss on his cheek. "It's so good to see you Bobby!" she said excitedly.

"You too; may I carry your bag?"

"Seems like my sister is trying to one-up me?"

"How's that?"

"Didn't she tell you?"

"Tell me what?"

"Oh, I forgot she keeps you in the dark," she smiled, the twinkle in her eyes nearly mesmerizing. "She sent me an invitation to this party of hers along with a roundtrip ticket. Now that's being persuasive."

"No, I wasn't aware but I'm glad you are here."

"Me too," She slipped a hand around his arm as he led her to the short-term parking lot and Mistress Sharon's car.

When they finally got home Jessica and her slave were already there. Ten minutes later Malik came and soon after Mariko arrived. Formal and informal introductions were made and acquaintances and friendships renewed. Sharon set slave off to grill the meat while slave girl and Jess's slave made preparations inside. The ladies sat enjoying delicious strawberry margaritas while Malik sat quietly eying the three beauties with a beer in hand. All too soon slave brought in slabs of perfectly cooked beef tenderloin bringing the girls conversation to an end. They all ate outside to the sound of robins and mockingbirds chirping and watching the impending storm build far off in the distance.

After a third round of drinks were served Sharon called everyone in. The rains would soon be here but she was thankful the weather held long enough for them to enjoy a warm summer dinner outside. She also wanted to gather everyone together inside where they could focus on her and not on the quickly darkening sky.

"This may have seemed like a spur of the moment gathering but I've been thinking about getting us all together for some time. Today seemed like as good a time as any; so here we are."

Mariko listened with curiosity. She had some idea as to what she might be up to but wasn't certain. Sharon hadn't given any specifics on their day trip but Mariko parted ways with her feeling like she had heavy thoughts she was dealing with. She looked over those here. The three slaves sat on the floor, naked and at the feet of their Mistresses. She wondered what Deb was thinking seeing two men and a woman sitting comfortably without out a stitch of clothing on. Malik's eyes kept moving to Jasmine who looked stunningly beautiful. She grinned wondering just how much of what Sharon was saying he even heard. Deb kept looking at the slaves as well. Indeed she was probably the one who felt least comfortable.

"It seems like only last month when Mariko invited me to her home. After talking for some time she led me to the kitchen. It was then when I saw my first slave. I didn't know who he was and at the time that wasn't important. What I learned that night was there existed a way of living that was very different from the one I was raised in." She glanced at her sister and smiled. "It was also so different from the relationship I had just ended after a lengthy dating period in which I nearly married."

Sharon sipped her drink. "A week later Mariko gave me slave." She ran her fingers through his hair. "He became my project and together we learned so much about what it meant to both serve and be served. I had no idea what I was doing and after he ran away one Friday afternoon while I was with my sister, I learned just how fragile relationships can be. I thought I knew how to make a man submit but I obviously had much more to learn."

"But you had done very well up to that point," Mariko added.

"Maybe, maybe not," she said. "I did learn that it takes a long time to train someone to serve, obey and trust and it took me a long time to understand what real dominance meant. Slave started to come along fine with is progression into slavery but then slave girl unexpectedly came into the picture. I ended up having her kidnapped and brought here. She was the tough one. I did things I both enjoyed and hated but knew they had to be done if I was to make her mine. And now look at her." She smiled down at Jasmine as she looked up with the same brightness in her countenance.

"She has come so far; so very far. I loved training them. I had so much fun with them and they have brought me so much joy. Joy I couldn't possibly imagine."

"You're going to make me cry, sis," Deb said wiping one eye.

"Awww, that's so sweet," observed Jessica.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get so sentimental. It's just they have become a part of me." She stopped and took another sip from her wine glass. Continuing she said, "Do you know what I love? What I really love? I love tying them up. I love anchoring them to places that keep them from moving. I love walking by them and seeing them caged. I love punishing them when they disobey. I love stretching them mentally as a way to test their obedience in all kinds of ways. Like today," she said waving a hand, "I let them both go shopping. They could have driven off. I even gave them my credit card. I let slave here go pick up Deb at the airport. He had two chances to leave me today.

"But he didn't," said Deb.

"No, he didn't and that choice of his is what fills me with pride. While he was gone slave girl licked me and then massaged me. She felt so good. Who would have thought the snotty little country bitch would willingly want to do that?"

"Too bad she's not as good as him," Jess noted.

Mariko put her hand on the girl. "Keep calm Jess. We all know what you want."

"I sure do. I always want it from him. He is that good!"

Deb fidgeted in her seat and then spoke. "Doesn't he feel bad," she pointed to Bobby, "when you talk like that?"

"Maybe," Sharon answered, "but that's not my problem. He has his duties and he knows he's mine. I hope he's secure in that and that alone."

Sharon reached behind her chair and pulled out a large set of bolt cutters. Everyone gasped. "I know," Sharon said. "But it's time."

"Sharon, you can't!" demanded Mariko.

"That's right; you can't," said her sister.

Bobby and Jasmine's eyes filled with tears at the very thought. Sharon stood in the middle of the room and faced her slaves.

"It's time. It's time for me to let you two go." Her words suddenly becoming choked as she started crying. "I will miss you but I need to let you go."

"OK," Mariko demanded. She stood and grabbed the cutters. "At least tell us why you want to do this? What's gotten into you? Have you lost your mind?"

Sharon hugged the slender woman and immediately Deb joined them, wrapping her arms around both as they cried.

Finally Sharon breathed deeply and once more tried to gain some semblance of composure. "Sit down. I'll explain."

"I sure hope so," Mariko said not at all sympathetically.

"As much as I love my slaves for the slaves they are, I don't love them romantically. Because of that I feel empty inside. Even though at least one of them is with me nearly all the time I still feel alone. I'm sorry slaves," she said looking at each one. "I love you because of what you do for me but I can't make myself love you in that deeper way and I miss feeling that emotion. Does that make sense to you?" Her eyes looked at them as if pleading for them to understand.

"It does Mistress," Bobby said quietly as tears streamed down his cheeks. "But I will surely miss you."

"I know you will."

"I understand too," Jasmine said softly.

Sharon turned to the others. "Do you understand why I need to do this?" She looked straight at Mariko. "Please tell me you do."

Mariko nodded. It was a quiet, motherly, loving nod. Sharon felt a sudden weight lift. It was she, more than anyone else who she wanted approval. Mariko was the one person who had helped her in so many ways and served as more than her mentor. She really was a mother figure even though less than ten years separated them.

"Thank you Mariko. Thank you for understanding." Sharon brushed a tear aside with the back of her hand and reached for the cutters. Mariko gave them back reservedly. She didn't want to but felt, in this situation, she had no choice in the matter. They were Sharon's slaves and not hers.

"Jasmine, you are my newest slave. You are also the most beautiful slave I've ever seen." They both smiled. Sharon crouched and then embraced the girl. It was the first time she had ever let herself do so.

"I will always love you," Jasmine whispered."

Sharon nodded, said nothing but continued to weep. When she broke the embrace she kissed the girl on the forehead and brought the cutters to her collar. A squeeze was followed with a clunk as the cutters bit through the thick steel. Turning the collar once more she cut the opposite side. The two halves fell free hitting the carpet with a thud. Jasmine felt truly naked for the first time. Only then did her emotional dam break and she left the room sobbing uncontrollably.

Sharon was near her breaking point as well and knew she had to get this over with as soon as possible. As the others watched she quickly cut Bobby free of his collar. As soon as she did, he stood and embraced her tightly. The other women all wept softly as the emotional scene unfolded before them in an almost surreal manner.

"I will miss you Mistress," he said so only she could hear.

Sharon nodded, her head buried in his chest.

"I don't know what I'll do now but I know I'll find someone who will take care of me."

Sharon looked up into his blue eyes and caressed his cheek. "You will do fine Baby. It will be hard but you will do fine. Trust me."

"I always have," he said smiling sadly.

"Almost always," she jokingly teased while sniffling.

Bobby broke off and left Sharon standing alone in the middle of the group.

"I need a drink." Deb said breaking the tension. "Can I get something for anyone?"

"I think I'll join you," said Malik. "This is getting too emotional even for me."

The others stood and headed to the kitchen as well. Jess went to the bathroom. Jasmine and Bobby were nowhere to be found. After everyone had refilled their glasses or gotten another beer Sharon called everyone back together.

"More?" Jess said.

"I can't end things this way," Sharon replied. "Can you go get my slaves for me? I think their either upstairs or out back."

"Sure."

When everyone found their way back Bobby and Jasmine awkwardly sat on two chairs they brought in from the dining room. They felt horrible, empty and naked in the clothing they now wore. Things just didn't feel right. "Things weren't right," Bobby thought. "Why did she do this?"

"So," Sharon said. "Here we are. Things are a little different from when you all got here."

"That's an understatement," Malik said quietly.

"Bobby and I had a conversation some months ago. I think you and I were out back. I had cut your collar off a few days earlier and then went to see you." She pointed to Deb. "When I got back he was still here. He begged me to take him back and I agreed to do so. But during the time we talked I told you," she looked at him now, "that I might want to sell you. Do you remember that conversation?"

Jessica fidgeted in her seat.

"I do," he said softly.

"Well you are free but I haven't fully released you."

Bobby looked at her confused.

"I thought about selling you. I thought about taking you to the women's meeting so everyone could see and admire you. I even thought about asking Mariko to auction you off because I thought I got get quite a bit from you. You are a beautiful slave and have so much to offer."

"You did?" Mariko interrupted. "My god girl, that's a great idea!"

"Good idea or not, I couldn't bring myself to do any of that."

Bobby asked, "Why not?"

"Because you are a human being. Even though I treated you harshly at times I never ever lost sight of who you were. I always had your best interest as my slave at heart. I hope you knew that."

"I did. You know I did."

"So that's why I didn't put you up to be purchased by the richest mistress in the area. I wanted to look after you. I still want to look after you."

Bobby ran his fingers over where his collar had been for so many months. "That seems like it will be hard for you to do that now. I mean you broke up with me!" he said raising his voice ever so slightly.

"I know why you feel that way Bobby but I haven't simply deserted you. I am letting you go because I need something that you simply can't give me."

"So now what?" he asked. "Where does that leave me?"

"Deb," she said turning her attention to her sister. "Will you take him?"

Deb felt her face redden and her heart suddenly pound as the shot of adrenaline rushed through her system. It was the body's normal response to stress; the fight or flight response and now it was acutely active inside her beautiful sister. "Me? Oh Sharon. I never in my life..."

"I know. I know you didn't come here thinking I might ask you to do this but I hope you will take my offer."

"Sharon," she said pleading, "I don't know what to say." She looked at Bobby who suddenly felt alive with hope. "I need time to think Sis."

"OK, then go think."

Deb looked at Sharon and then at Bobby who appeared equally shocked, "Why me?"

"Seriously sis, do you really have to ask that question? I've watched you two. I've seen the connection. You even told me it was there."

Bobby hinted at a smile his hope rekindling. He knew now why his daughter was invited. She was Sharon's backup plan; her safety net. "Oh Deb," he said to himself, "Please do the right thing." He knew he couldn't be a slave to his daughter. He simply couldn't. Yet what if Deb turned her offer down? What if she was still too afraid of him? Maybe she hadn't fully recovered from the damage the rape had caused?

"I need to take a walk. Do you have an umbrella? I need to be alone and don't care if it's raining."

Sharon left to fetch her one. The others said nothing but all eyes fell on Bobby, the object of her decision.

Jess, who had for an instant seemed so hopeful now sat obviously anxious. If Deb decided to turn down the offer she had every intention of snapping him up if for no other reason than to use him as a sex slave.

Jasmine appeared nervous, wondering what fate Sharon had conjured up for her. She figured Malik was the one most likely to take her but he seemed to be more into submission than dominance.

Sharon sat after getting Deb situated. "This is so much harder than I ever thought it would be," she said more to herself than to the others.

"It's called breaking up," Mariko said bluntly. "What did you expect? You are bonded to that man in more ways than you know, and he is likewise with you." She looked at the two of them. "I understand why you are releasing him. I really do, but you're naïve to think you will yesterday hold him near and dear and tomorrow not remember him."

"I know Mariko. All I'm saying now is that it's hard right now. That's all. Please don't make this harder than it already is."

"OK dear. I'm really looking out for you mostly. You're the one I don't want to see hurt. So," she said pointing to Jasmine, "what's your plan for her?"

Sharon burst into laughter. She was so taken by the frankness of this woman she loved. "Oh Mariko, you are too much. Will you take her? I know you want her."

Jasmine's jaw dropped in surprise and Mariko grinned with joy. "You want me to go lesbian is that what you're asking of me?" her eyes sparkling with life.

Sharon smiled. It was as if Mariko, in the course of her 'what now' diatribe had flipped the mood in the room from one of tension to one of lighthearted joy. Even Bobby and Jess, who just moments before, looked as if someone was about to rip their hearts out broke into laughter.

"Yes, I think you need a girlfriend slave Mariko. You as much as told me that your other boy slave relationships didn't work for the same reason mine didn't with him. We lacked a level of attraction and I think you've wanted this one for some time. So yes, I want you to go lesbian on me."

"OK, I will. I will accept your offer and you are right, I have wanted this one ever since I took her upstairs to enjoy. Jasmine," she said firm and strong, "come. Sit by your new Mistress."

Jasmine looked at Sharon as if to say goodbye and crawled to the other side of the room and nestled up against Mariko's leg. Everyone could see how happy she was. Sharon sighed. She had made the right choice, at least with one of them.

Malik spoke, "So, here we are. What's the next bomb you're going to drop on us before we leave Sharon?"

Just before she spoke, Jess stood. I don't know about you all but I simply cannot wait a moment longer. I don't know if I should ask or just take him or even if I have the right to take him but I want this man to lick my pussy." She looked at Sharon with wide eyes. "Do you have any objection? I mean, he's not really yours anymore now is he?"

"No Jess, I don't have any objection."

"Well then. Slave, let's go out back where we have some privacy." She grabbed his arm as if she had to seize the moment.

"Hold on there girl," Mariko said, "There's plenty of room right here." She pointed to the center of the room. "If any one doesn't want to watch the show, they can go get something to drink or take a walk in the rain with Debra. I want to see what all the fuss is about."

"The hell with Debra," Jess said indignantly. "You heard the woman, lie down over there."

Bobby's mind suddenly became torn in too many directions. His mistress had just released him; her sister was now contemplating whether or not she wanted to become his new mistress; his former girlfriend and slave partner was now owned by another mistress and now his very daughter was demanding he lick her pussy. He looked at her. Her arm was still extended and pointing to where she wanted his head.

"Slave," Mariko said, "we're all waiting. Do what the mistress commanded."

Bobby looked at Mistress, then at Mariko and finally to Jess. "No." His voice was more firm than Sharon had ever heard him speak.

"What!" Jess said now exasperated at his defiance. "You do as you are told!"

"I'm not your slave Jess. I'm not hers anymore either and I'm sure as hell not about to do this just to satisfy curious onlookers. I'm not a freak show. Tell him to lie down if you want some satisfaction," she said referring to her husband.

"How dare you speak to me like that?" She closed the distance between them and walloped him across the face. "Lie down."

He didn't move. Instead he gazed into her defiant eyes and wished so badly he could embrace her and tell her who he was and how sorry he was for ever leaving her all those years ago. But he couldn't. Instead he wept. Tears of sorrow and regret and guilt once more overcame him. Only Sharon and Mariko understood. They joined him wiping away tears from wet eyes.

"It's OK Jessica," Mariko said softly. "I should have had sense enough to keep my mouth shut. Go, take your slave and enjoy him if you need some relief. Go on."

"Dam him. Dam you!" she said to Mariko. She stuck her finger in Bobby's chest. "You better hope that chic decides she wants you because if not, you are going to be my slave and you will do everything I tell you. You'll spend your fucking life between my legs you arrogant slut!"

"He's not for sale," Sharon said softly.

"What?"

"If Deb doesn't want him, I'm not selling him. I told you that before I extended my offer to my sister. I care for him too much to pawn him off on someone just to get rid of him."

Jess tried her best to stem the panic welling up inside. "Then what are you going to do? He's a slave for god sake!"

"Release him. I'm going to let him go. He can make his own decisions as to how he wants to live his life."

Jessica looked at him, her anger still visible. "If that happens you better come knocking on my door. You better..." she paused unable to reframe her statement further.

"Dam!" Malik shouted. "This is some dam good reality TV here!" Bobby broke into a hearty laugh. "I mean we got a naked girl who looks mighty fine, a mistress who's really looking hot because she's pissed, two crying mistresses that I have no idea why they're crying and a guy that was just a slave that has no clue what he is now. Oh, and then there is that really hot babe out walking in the rain. All we need now his for her to come in soaking wet so we can all see those perfect tits of hers all perky under her shirt."

"Shut up!" Mariko shouted. "Just shut up Malik. You have no fucking idea what's going on here."

"I know, that's why it would make for some great TV ratings."

Sharon shook her head not knowing what to say.

He asked the obvious question to all. "So, why am I here? Are you going to give him to me if she doesn't want him?"

Sharon piped up, "No Malik. Just listen to Mariko and keep your trap shut."

"Why am I here anyway?" he protested.

Sharon stood. "Malik!" her tone expressed the frustration she felt.

"Sorry Sharon. I was just trying to ease some of the tension in here."

"You're not! Your just adding to it so shut the hell up!"

Jess had by now gotten her purse and snapped her finger, instructing her husband it was time to go. "I'm sorry I lost it in front of everyone," She said to Sharon apologetically. "I'm really sorry."

"Don't give it another thought. His head is all messed up now. Maybe tomorrow he'll feel differently. It's all my fault anyway."

"Thanks Sharon. And if she doesn't want him, please give me a call. Will you?"

"I will." Sharon gave her a hug and showed her the way out.

The rain fell steadily. Sharon waved to Jess as she backed out of the driveway. Looking down the street she saw Deb slowly walking down the middle of the street. She was soaked to the bone. Seeing her using the umbrella as a cane rather than to protect her from the elements made her smile. It's what she loved about her sister. As beautiful as she was she had that country 'I don't care how I look' side to her that made everyone with her feel at ease and admire her all the more. She stood on the bottom step, letting the rain fall full on her and waited. By the time they hugged, they were both completely drenched. Neither one cared.

"I want him," Deb said in her sisters' ear. "I really want him."

"You do!" Joy suddenly filling her heart.

"I do. I wanted to say yes as soon as you made the offer but I needed time to make sure. I feel so comfortable around him."

"He likes you too. I can see it in his eyes. He lit up when I told him to go get you today. Oh Deb," she started crying once more. This time the tears were happy ones; each one purging some of the ache and anxiety of the past hour away. "I hope this works out for you. I really do."

"Me too but I'm as scared as can be at what I'm about to do."

"I was too when I first got him. At least you two seem to like one another. I didn't have that going for me."

"I do like him. I like him a lot."

"Just don't tell him that," Sharon advised. "Make him prove himself to you first."

Deb smiled and gave her sister another saturated hug. "Come on, let's get inside. I'm getting wet." She giggled.

...

An hour later the gathering had come to an end. Sharon really couldn't call it a party even though the invitations stated it would be. Yet Mariko and Jasmine left for home both beaming as did Deb and Bobby. Deb purchased a last minute ticket for him and had her ticket transferred to an earlier flight that left within the hour. "By now, they had probably already boarded for their flight back to Dallas," Sharon thought. "All in all it wasn't a bad night."

"So," Malik said surveying the living room. "Is this why you wanted me to stay? To help you clean up this?" his hand moved from right to left."

"Yes, but not now. Let's go sit on the porch. "Will you get me a glass of Chardonnay please?"

"Sure, mind if I get myself another beer?"

"Help yourself."

Sharon sat sideways on the love seat, kicking off her flats and stretching her legs. The rain continued to fall gently hitting the roof, pavement and lawn. There was something so peaceful about a nighttime rain. Mostly it brought back memories of sitting on the front porch as a little girl with Deb and Mom. Sometimes they'd sit cringing when a bolt of lightning struck nearby waiting for the inevitable boom to follow. Storms on the Midwestern plains were often sudden and violent but then there were those times like now when the rain fell moderately and the ground continually soaked up its life-giving moisture.

"Sit here," she said curling up her legs. Malik gave her the half-filled glass of white wine and sat. She draped her legs over his thighs and stared off. "This makes me think of home when it rains like this."

"Why's that," he said. His hand gently squeezed her muscular calf.

"Mostly it's the peace and quiet. I was just thinking about sitting on my front porch as a kid during a storm."

"I never had a porch as a kid. You don't get much space growing up in an apartment complex."

"Do you have a porch at home now?"

"Nope. Still live in an apartment," she said smiling crookedly.

"You missed out then. Sometimes it's the little things in life that end up having the most meaning."

"I know what you mean."

Sharon looked at him; his left arm rested across the back of the sofa and his strong hand reaching so near. She admired his profile, his well-built body and handsome face. He was indeed a good looking man.

"What?"

"Just looking at you. I need this Malik."

"Need what?"

"Need to relax. Need to sit here. Need to stop drinking this wine," she smiled. "I'm going to have a headache all night long if I don't."

"Is that all?"

"No, it's not. I think I need you." She leaned forward and kissed the back of his hand.

"Are you coming on to me Sharon?"

"Sharon or Mistress?" she smiled.

"Oh, we're back to that again?"

"Only if you want to be back to that again."

He smiled and squeezed her leg. "I can't say in all honesty that I haven't thought about that evening many times."

"Why is that?" her voice now softening.

He thought before speaking, "Because it touched me."

"Malik," she said smiling, "do you have a sensitive side that I'm unaware of?"

Grinning he answered, "I have a lot of sides you aren't aware of."

"I'd like to find out about every one of them."

"You are coming on to me."

"No, not really. Just letting you know my thoughts and desires."

"Is that why you invited me over? Am I the booby prize?"

"No Malik, you're not the booby prize. I invited you over because I wanted to talk to you after everyone left."

"OK," he said more like he was asking a question, "Talk."

Sharon put her wine down and lifted her legs. "Scoot a little closer. You're too far away."

When she got comfortable again she began. "I gave Bobby away because as good a guy as he was I didn't have feelings for him. I didn't know what to do with him and like I said earlier, I couldn't just give him to anyone. It just wasn't right. I mean he is a person. He's not an animal."

"Just like Jasmine," he added.

"Yes they both are people who have values and dignity and feelings and all. I gave Jasmine to Mariko because I could see the connection they shared. I did the same with Bobby because I saw it within an hour of Deb first coming here earlier this year. I could see how they looked at one another. They just clicked. They belonged together."

"Did that bother you?"

"Not really. I trusted Bobby and I knew he would never violate his commitment to obey me. He was so good in that way. But I did envy Deb."

"She is quite beautiful. She probably gets that all the time from guys."

"I'm sure she does. The sad thing is she's had some bad stuff happen in her life because she's so beautiful. She doesn't trust men. She doesn't even date them. It wasn't Bobby's reaction that drew my attention. It was her reaction toward him. Malik, I've never seen her respond that way. I mean she just doesn't. That's what I envied. I wish I could have had that animal like reaction toward him too but I never did."

"And so you fixed up your two slaves with better partners. That was really generous of you."

"Are you being serious? I can't tell."

"Of course I am. I think what you did was really commendable. I don't think everyone got that based on what you said but I admire you for letting them go."

"Thank you."

"Are you lonely now?"

"Yes and no. It will be odd to not have them around and they did so much that I loved. I really was treated like a queen and like I said, the best part was training them to think my thoughts and please me."

They both sat quietly for some time.

"But no, I'm not lonely. I need more from a man than just bossing him around. I need to feel a connection. Do you know what I mean?"

He looked at her. She was beautiful. Touching her cheek he answered, "Yes."

"Malik, I want you. I've wanted you ever since we met at Mariko's. When I met you at her front door I felt the same thing Deb did when she saw Bobby. It's a carnal reaction."

He continued to look intently but said nothing. He knew she would say more.

"Do you remember that night Malik?"

"How could I forget it? It was one of the best nights I've ever spent with a woman."

"One of?"

He grinned. "You are a tough one. It ended all too soon or it would have been the best by far."

"I told you how I am. What I expect. How I could never change."

"I remember." His heart pounded more rapidly. He could hardly believe that even as a grown man he still could feel so taken by a woman so much smaller and less powerful than he.

"I haven't changed."

"Neither have I."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"I said things too that night. I guess you've forgotten."

"Refresh my memory."

"You told me how you'd always need to be a mistress and that you'd never ever change."

"That's right. I did; and I won't," she paused. "I don't think I could even if I wanted."

"And I said, 'you were speaking my language'."

"Now that you've had time to think about that night, do you still feel the same?"

"Even more so than before. Sharon, I haven't been able to get you out of my mind. I think about you all the time. I had the same kind of carnal reaction you did."

"Mmmm," she cooed. "That is music to my ears. I do want you, but only on my terms."

"May I kiss you, Mistress?"

She extended her arms and he came to her. They remained tangled and intertwined for a long time. Never once did his hands wander. Never once did he undo even one button or snap of her clothing. Instead, he permitted her hands to wander over him, unbutton him and fondle him at her leisure. When their time in passion subsided she pulled away.

"Get undressed. Lay on the floor."

As his clothes fell away so did hers. By the time he lay supine she was slipping out of her panties. His cock had already stiffened. She sat full on his thighs, his long pole rising upward between her legs. She stroked it with both hands while keeping the soft underside pressed against her stomach.

"Tell me what I want to hear," she said.

As Malik looked into her eyes now he saw a different person, a more beautiful woman, a woman whose touch and passion and control gripped him like none other had. "I want to be your slave, Mistress. I really do. I don't know how to be a slave. I've never been a slave but I know that when I am with you all I ache to do is please. Will you take me? Will you train me? Will you help me to be the best man I can be for you even when it's so hard and I feel like quitting?"

"Do you promise to do your best?"

"Of course."

"Do you promise to obey me always and without question?"

"I'll try."

She smiled. "At least you're being honest. Later, after you've had a taste of this life I'll expect a different answer."

"Yes Ma'am."

"Do you promise to serve only me and never want from another?"

"Yes. That part will be easy."

"I hope so. Will you obey me if I tell you to serve another?"

"Yes."

"Even if it's guy?"

"If that's what it takes to please you, then yes."

"I will push you. I need to push you. I'll need to test you. I'll need to see how far you will go in your obedience."

"OK."

"You will thank me in the end. If I never test you, my slave, then you will never know the extent of your commitment to me." She looked down at his beautiful cock and gave it a hard two-hand squeeze. "This is a relationship. That means it's a give and take interaction. What's different from most is that I will always be the one taking and you will always be the one giving."

"That sounds so nice." He smiled. "I hope I really am enough for you Sharon. I don't want to sit in there a year from now and be given to someone else."

"Me neither. I don't anticipate that day ever coming. I feel something nice - really nice - in here," she pointed to her heart, "when I'm with you."

"Me too."

She looked over his body and then ran her hands over his chest, shoulders and down the sides of his torso. "I'm going to enjoy your cock. I'm going to fuck you but you may not fuck me."

He smiled.

"I mean it. If we are going to live like this we start right now." She looked at his dark muscular body. Want and lust and desire filled her yet she resisted taking him until he understood her parameters. "If you push up into me I will take that as an act of defiance. This cock," she squeezed it with both hands again, "is for me to enjoy and for you to offer me as a means for me to pleasure myself as I wish."

"I understand Mistress. I really do."

"And you may not come. This is about you pleasing me although I know it will feel nice for you too."

The pupils of his eyes dilated even more. "Yes Mistress."

His words landed like soft rose peddles on her. "To be called 'Mistress' was to be adored, worshipped and exalted," she thought. "If you get close tell me. If you come, you will regret it."

He nodded and watched her raise her hips. She barely had enough clearance when she rose up fully on her knees to position his rod over her entrance. He was that big. Slowly she stroked it with her open hand while sinking ever so slightly down on him. Her labia stretched around him and then took him fully inside. She kept her eyes closed. She wanted to focus on what she felt. This indeed was about her. He was so much more to her liking. Not that the other was insignificant but rather this one was more; more of what she needed. She opened her eyes and looked down at the dark brown cock half way inside her white skin. The contrast looked so right; so good. It was a contrast indeed and Sharon thought how the contrasting colors of their skin would someday reflect the differing roles of their relationship. She would take him now as a lover and man who wanted to be a slave. Someday she would take him as her slave and maybe, just maybe she would take him as her slave husband. The thought filled her body with passion and she sank fully on him with a grunt.

Sharon fucked him slow and easy at first. His cock completely filled her vagina and with every drop of her body she could feel his head poking at her cervix. It was mostly an oddly feeling and one she had never before felt. Never had a cock this thick and long entered her. She smiled knowing that even in this way he was unique and uniquely hers. With each probe of his manhood against her cervix she thought of how it had a mind of its own. It was as if it wanted to enter an even more intimate inner sanctuary; one in which she denied him with each tempting thrust of her body falling on him. It was the way she wanted to live: telling him no, making him do what she wanted, forcing him to obey even when it hurt.

Her pace quickened and soon she came hard, arching her body and impaling her cunt as far on him as possible. "Oh slave!! Oh you feel so good."

She fell fully on him, his cock still inside. Wrapping her arms around his body she kissed him. To take a man in this way felt so good. She didn't know why but 'he' came to mind. It was only for an instant and maybe it had to happen. "Goodbye Bobby. Take good care of her," she thought before pushing the thought of him forever aside and kissing her black sexy slave once more.

"Mmmmm," she heard him moan as her muscular vaginal muscles milked his cock."I'm going to have a lot of fun training and loving this one," she said to herself. She pressed her tongue inside his mouth and began to explore and enjoy him until long into the night.