Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 01
byfmcchris©

There is another world that exists beyond the so-called "civilized" society we all take for granted. This world is no less tangible than its more mundane counterpart, yet most people are completely unaware of its existence. In what follows, I will attempt to recount the history of my journey into the bowels of the Masturbatorium. I do this for the sake of my daughter, who is now old enough to learn about the Sisterhood and its beginnings. Like Virgil, who guided Dante on his sojourn into the Inferno, I hope I shall prove a competent guide to my own child, as she reads about my sexual adventures in the unseen world of the Sisterhood and, in so doing, may be enlightened. – Excerpt from the diary of Holly McKenzie, Supreme Sisterhood Leader, Paris, France

*************


My first exposure to a real, live penis came when I was eighteen years old and it happened entirely by accident. I was spending several weeks of my summer vacation with my cousin Angelique and her mother, my aunt Phoebe, at their seaside estate in San Diego. Phoebe, who at nineteen had taken a trip to Paris with some girlfriends the month before she was to start college, met and fell in love with a rich, French nobleman named Pierre Anjou. It was a whirlwind romance and she was married about one month later.

My mother, who was a few years older than Phoebe, and very conservative and proper, thought the entire wedding business was a tragic case of poor judgment on Phoebe's part, as Pierre was almost ten years her senior. Despite my mother's protestations, Phoebe followed her heart and was soon welcomed into the magnificent rich man's castle situated on the northern outskirts of Paris. In the years to come, my father, mother, and I would make a trip to France every other year to visit. The in between years would see Phoebe and Pierre come to San Diego to reciprocate. In the summer of the second year of their marriage, their one and only child, Angelique, was born, a few months before I, myself, took my first precarious view of the outside world.

During these welcome vacation periods, my aunt would throw pool parties and banquets for friends and family that constituted what was to me, a never-ending indulgence for all things sensual. Pierre's rich and powerful friends included politicians, celebrities, rock stars, writers, artists, and anyone who was anyone in the fields of entertainment and business. Phoebe befriended many of these people over the course of time and most of them became some of her closest companions. Many of the women, especially, took a strong liking to her commanding, yet likeable presence, and it was not wasted upon me that, upon many occasions, Phoebe would be the center of attention among a particular group of women who seemed desirous of her patronage. I had no idea what they were discussing, but I later learned that these seemingly casual conversations were merely a cover-up for more interesting tales that focused upon the issues of how to control a man and how to manipulate them for one's own pleasure.

During one particularly hot, July afternoon, Angelique and I, along with two of her friends, Brittany and Megan, both of whom were eighteen years old, were happily splashing about in my aunt's Olympic-sized pool as one of my aunt's parties was in full swing. Amidst all this innocent fun taking place, the four of us couldn't help but notice one particular black boy who was called "Jimmy" by most people, but who was better known to us and the pop world as Delvin, a twenty-year-old heart throb who was the lead singer in a famous boy's vocal group and who had just had a number one hit on the R&B Top 10.

We had fallen in love with him at first sight. Delvin was tall and handsome with long, wavy brown hair that constantly fell into his sexy brown eyes. When I first laid eyes on him, he was sunning himself on a chaise lounge while Angelique and I were getting ready to dive into the pool. He had nothing on except a very skimpy purple bathing suit and was reading a magazine as he sipped some lemonade. To say that we were enamored of him would be an understatement. All of us tried our very best to get his attention any way we could, and he would often smile at us while he casually regarded, what must have been to him, our totally juvenile antics.

During this particular visit, Pierre had decided to remain in Paris on business, which left Phoebe free to run things completely on her own. This had been welcome news for my cousin, who had always been shown far more latitude by her mother than her father.

Angelique was the oldest of our group and very precocious. She was almost a head taller than the rest of us and her legs were very shapely and long. Like my aunt, she was very stunning, with long, straight blonde hair that fell to her waist and huge blue eyes that had an unusual hypnotic effect upon you if you stared at them too long. She had always been very curious about sex and the time we spent together invariably involved long discussions about boys and other sexual vagaries. Her physical beauty gave her power over men, so she told me, and one day I would learn how to use my own beauty to my own advantage.

To exemplify this attitude by way of example, my cousin did not waste any time in flaunting her lovely bikini-clad body in front of Delvin. I noticed him look at her several times when he thought no one else was watching, and I saw a look of desire in his eyes that belied his seeming disinterest. My suspicions were confirmed when she decided to quit the pool and move toward the lounge chair next to his, lifting her long legs onto the side of the chair as she methodically began to dry herself off.

Angelique was too preoccupied with getting herself dry to be aware of it, but I noticed that there was a big bulge in his bathing trunks as he stared at her. I saw his hand move toward his genitals in one, quick motion before returning to his side, but it was done so quickly that no one but myself noticed it. And then for one brief instant I saw it: the head of his penis peeking through the fabric of his bathing suit as he slowly, cautiously, raised his legs to a more accommodating position. He then placed a towel around his waist to hide his erection from view. I didn't think anymore about it until later that same night. To my surprise, it was Angelique who brought up the subject.

The four of us were watching TV in the recreation room in the remote east wing of the house, far removed from anyone's prying eyes and ears, when my cousin broached the subject of our combined interest.

"I know who saw Delvin's dick!" she exclaimed suddenly, looking directly at me.

"Did you?" Megan asked me with surprise.

"Of course she did," Angelique replied. "I saw it too. It was really big."

Megan looked at me with a huge grin on her face. Her luminous brown eyes peeking out from behind a healthy shock of short, chocolate-brown hair. "What did you see Holly?"

"She saw his schlong, so what?" Brittany replied casually. She winced as she put some moisturizing lotion on her pale white skin, anxious to avoid the pain of a sun burn. She was a very pretty girl with shoulder-length red hair and hazel eyes. The sun had brought out the freckles on her face and she now stared at them with dismay as she raised a mirror to her face. "I hate these things!"

"I thought I was the only one who saw it," I said.

"Wrong," Angelique corrected me. "I saw you staring at him while I was drying off and that look on your face was so unbelievable. Like, hey man, what the fuck is this? I had to look."

She threw her head back and laughed and Megan and Brittany soon joined in.

"I've never seen a boy with a hard-on before," I said through their laughter, which caused Angelique to tease me even more.

"Oh, my God, you are so out of it!" my worldly-wise cousin commented. "You've gone out on dates haven't you? It happens to all boys when they get excited."

"You didn't let me finish," I said defensively. "I know boys get hard-ons, but I never saw it just hanging out like that is what I mean."

Megan looked at me inquisitively. "What do you do on a date anyway?"

"She probably reads boys love poems," Brittany offered as she rubbed more lotion onto her hands.

"No, I don't," I said, annoyed. "The guys I go out with are pretty cool. They just don't try stuff with me. I don't know. I think they're afraid to."

"You know why they're afraid?" Angelique returned. "Because you're an ice queen. You're so fussy about everything that a boy can't even put his arms around you without you freaking out."

"That's not true!"

"Yes, it is. Megan and Brittany are younger than you and they have boyfriends."

"Yeah, but Billy isn't as good-looking as Delvin though!" Megan blurted out.

"Neither is Steve, but he's good at certain things!" Brittany added.

All of them laughed except me. I went from face to face, trying to discern the reason for their amusement, which caused them to laugh at me in turn.

"She doesn't know what the fuck we're taking about!" Angelique said to the other girls.

"It's okay Holly," Brittany said in a consoling tone, "we'll give you some lessons."

"Lessons in what?"

My query prompted even more laughter from the jittery girls. I just sat there with the remote control in my hands, switching channels and wishing I could somehow will my body into the TV to escape the torment.

By their standards I qualified as a prude, but the truth was that I was just an awkward and shy teenager who had been reared in a somewhat sexually repressive household. And I was yet to obtain the sexual confidence these girls seemed to take for granted. In a few moments their laughter subsided and Angelique moved beside me.

"You know, you and I look a lot alike," she said, staring into my face. "The only difference is that you have chestnut-brown hair and green eyes. And your nose is smaller than mine."

"So what?" I said.

"So, we're both pretty."

"And so am I," Brittany said pointedly.

"All of us are beautiful," Megan affirmed.

Angelique continued to look me over. "In fact, I would say that you are probably the best looking one among us."

To this comment the other two girls raised serious objections, but Angelique would hear none of it.

"No, no," she said sternly. "Let's be honest, all right? Holly's got the most beautiful face among the four of us. But she doesn't know how to use her looks to her advantage. We're going to have to fix that."

At that point my aunt entered the room and invited the four of us onto the patio for a sumptuous garden dinner. I wondered what Angelique meant by her last comment, but I was too hungry to give it much thought.

When the four of us arrived at the dinner table, we found Delvin sitting with a very attractive Spanish girl who was, herself, an up and coming pop singer we had seen on a recent music video. Her name was Maria Rodriguez, and she was a very stunning girl with large brown eyes shaped like almonds. Her long, auburn hair fell loosely about her shoulders and she spoke in low, soft tones punctuated by outbursts of laughter whenever Delvin attempted to make a joke. As we sat down at the table she gave the four of us suspicious-looking glances, as though she expected her prize to be stolen at any moment from under her very nose.

The picnic tables were arranged end to end across the length of the patio, forming one long banquet table that managed to accommodate about eighty people. My aunt sat at the head of the table on the end adjacent to the sliding doors that opened into the kitchen, presumably to make it easier for her to order and direct the servants as they waited upon us. Although many of the people sitting at the table were among the ranks of the rich and famous, I had, by this time, become accustomed to celebrity and was not in the least intimidated by it. In fact, I found it highly entertaining that many of these so-called "artistes" often deferred to my aunt in matters concerning personal issues, and even tried to emulate her behavior on occasion. Angelique shared my disdain for some of the more affected among them, often referring to anyone who patronized her mother as "sucker-ups" or "wanna-be's".

In due time dinner was served, and for a short while the multitude fell silent as everyone focused his or her attention upon devouring the savory feast of roast lamb and lemon potatoes. My aunt surveyed the motley brood of diners like a mother hen supervising her flock. To her immediate right and left were two of her close friends and business associates, Justine and Estelle. Both women were slightly older than my aunt and both were very attractive brunettes who managed my aunt's affairs from their office in Los Angeles. Maria and Delvin sat a few seats further down from these women and Angelique, Brittany, Megan, and I sat directly across from Delvin. I paid little attention to what was going on further down the table, preferring to focus my attention on my aunt and Delvin. My aunt had waited until I placed a forkful of roast lamb into my mouth before deciding to embark on a series of questions.

"So, Holly," she began, "I spoke to your mother a little while ago and she tells me that she and your father will be arriving here in two weeks. That gives you a whole fourteen days to screw around and then you'll have to be on your best behavior again."

My aunt laughed in that light-mannered way of hers, her lips slightly upturned into a smile. She had briefly stopped over at our house when she had first arrived in Los Angeles, and plans had been made that I would spend the first two weeks with my aunt with my mother and father joining us during the second two weeks of my vacation. My aunt, a far more liberated soul than my mother, allowed me free reign over my own affairs and encouraged me to live life to its fullest degree and to take pride in my womanhood. She knew that my mother would not approve of some of her novel ideas concerning the proper rearing up of children, but it did not prevent her from encouraging me to experience life in all its manifestations. To my aunt Phoebe, life was a banquet—to be savored and enjoyed every moment of the day. A true hedonist, yet a woman of uncompromising principle, she was the model for all that I would strive to become on my own journey through this maze we call life.

"I'm not screwing around aunt Phoebe," I said, taking several seconds to reply as I gulped down a portion of my food.

"Well, you should be!" she said laughing. "What the hell are we here for anyway? Right everybody?"

Even the people at the far end of the table, who could not have possibly heard a word she said, nodded in agreement once they noticed the rest of us raise a roar of approval.

"You listen to your aunt, little girl," said a middle-aged man several seats down from me who had won an Oscar the previous year for best director. "The unexplored life ain't worth livin'."

"That's 'unexamined life'," my aunt said, correcting him. "Attributed to Socrates, I believe."

"You got that right mom," Angelique said without looking up from her plate.

My aunt stared at her daughter for a moment and then burst out laughing.

"Do you see my reflection in that dish? I'm over here for heaven's sake. When you speak to someone, look at them!"

"She's too busy stuffing her face!" I blurted out.

Angelique did indeed look ridiculous with her mouth stuffed full of food. She was by far anorexic, but she did tend to go on eating binges now and then with periods where her food intake was practically nonexistent. As she looked at her mother, the two of them started to laugh hysterically, and soon everyone else joined in.

During the course of the evening, Maria managed to let everyone know that she was officially dating Delvin, and she accentuated that statement by showing everyone a bracelet he had recently given her to commemorate their union. Maria took great pride in showing off the diamond and emerald trinket to those few people nearest to the couple, delighting in the exclamations of wonder as several people got out of their chairs to take a closer look at the shimmering jewelry. Delvin seemed to take all of this in stride, but I could sense that he was a bit annoyed that she had chosen to make such a big deal out of something he seemed to consider an unofficial engagement. I watched his dark eyes flash with a slight tinge of repressed anger as she waved the expensive toy in the faces of those around him. At one point he looked at me and smiled and I felt a wave of sudden, irrepressible warmth course through my body as if someone had given me a shot of brandy on a cold night. It was then that I wished I had been in Maria's place, and that it was me, and not her, who was the recipient of his loving attentions.

"Okay," he said to Maria, "it's time to put the toys away."

She looked hurt as she withdrew her hand towards her chest but she said nothing. Her other hand dropped down out of sight.

At that same moment, Angelique's fork fell onto the floor. As she bent down to pick it up, I heard her snicker.

Megan and Brittany were the first to get the news; then it filtered down to me. Brittany, who was sitting directly to my left, whispered excitedly into my ear.

"Maria's giving Delvin a handjob!"

Angelique stared at me with eyes wide open, wearing a silly grin on her face. She quickly shook her head up and down as she saw the questioning look on my face.

I watched Maria's left arm, and it did indeed seem a little busy doing something. Delvin, too, looked a bit preoccupied, as if he were trying to focus upon maintaining his composure under difficult circumstances. At last, he gently grabbed her by the arm and moved it away. She went back to eating as if nothing had happened.

After dinner had ended, both Delvin and Maria entertained the group by singing some of their recent hit songs for everyone's enjoyment. The party continued for several more hours and I had a chance to meet and talk with quite a few interesting individuals, one of which was a beautiful, middle-aged French woman named Lenore who had recently befriended my aunt and who had accompanied her on the trip from Paris.

Lenore Marceau was somewhat of an enigma to me. My aunt had never mentioned her background to anyone and no one asked. She was a small woman, standing about 5' 3" in height, and was possessed of a commanding presence that belied her small physical stature. She had very penetrating blue eyes that seemed to peer into your very soul, and long, brown hair streaked with gray that gave her a somewhat austere appearance. I had seen her earlier that day by the pool, offering my aunt advice on how to control and manipulate men. As naive as I was about sex and the power struggles that occur between men and women, something in her voice and mannerisms told me that she would have no trouble controlling any man she wanted.

"A woman holds great power over a man," she said to me with a gracious smile. "And a woman who knows how to use that power can have anything she wants."

Before going to bed she kissed me lightly on the cheek and told me that I was a "very dear child." She also predicted that she and I would meet again sometime in the near future. Exactly when and under what circumstances she would not divulge.

After saying her goodbyes to several people, she and my aunt walked out together into the kitchen arm in arm, laughing. At one point my aunt turned and looked at me and nodded her head in silent agreement in response to something Lenore had said. During the days that followed I would learn a lot more about this intriguing woman, but it would be another year before I would again have the pleasure of her intimate company.

My aunt had arranged it so that the recreation room was converted into a makeshift bedroom containing four twin beds to accommodate my three companions and myself. Angelique had wanted it this way, and I was to soon learn why she had made this unusual request.
It seemed that both Delvin and Maria had been invited to stay for several days, so the room next to the one Angelique had chosen as our mutual bedroom was outfitted as a guest room, replete with a king-size bed. My aunt, Justine, Estelle, and Lenore would be taking the upstairs bedrooms, far away from us. And this is exactly how Angelique had planned it. It was during this particular evening that I was to become privy to the innermost workings of my cousin's perverse and capricious mind.

After all the guests had left and the servants had been dismissed, Angelique and I said goodnight to my aunt Phoebe and the other overnight guests and then disappeared into the recreation room-turned-bedroom where Megan and Brittany were already engaged in a hot discussion. The topic: Delvin.

"Delvin's black right? So black dudes have bigger dongs!" Brittany insisted as she and Megan watched us walk into the room. "Ask Angelique."

"Is that true?" Megan asked my cousin.

"Yup. Everyone knows that except for you and Holly."

"Oh yeah?" I said. "And since when did you become an expert?"

"She has pictures, don't you Angelique?" Brittany teased.

Without answering, my cousin walked over to a nearby closet and withdrew a small brown cardboard box stuffed with photos. She threw a bunch of them on her bed and invited us to take a look.

"Where did you get this stuff?" I asked her.

"Off the Internet. Go ahead. Take a look."

It was the first time I had ever seen hardcore pornography, and I was both shocked and amused by what I saw. Many of the pictures showed women with multiple partners engaged in various sexual acts. Not only was I amazed that people could have sex in such a variety of positions, I was fascinated to find that most of the content was interracial, usually a white woman with one or several well-endowed black men. A lot of the pictures featured clothed women with nude males. Judging by the photos, Brittany's assertion seemed correct: black men did have, on the whole, bigger penises than white men. And although I could not tell how large Delvin's penis was when I caught a glimpse of it earlier that day, I had to conclude that it was very possible that it was no less impressive than the ones I was now observing.

"Look at this one," Brittany said with a giggle as she passed one of the pictures toward me. "He shot off right in her face!"

"Shot off?" I asked.

"He ejaculated on her face," Angelique explained. "You know, he shot his sperm on her."

"I want to see," Megan said, pulling the photo away.

Her mouth dropped open and then opened wider as she let out an enormous groan.

"Oh, that's so gross!" she said shoving the picture back at me.

"It's not gross," Angelique said. "It's sexy."

"I wonder what it tastes like?" Brittany asked.

"Probably horrible," said Megan.

"You've never tasted it so how do you know?" Angelique said with a shrug.

"Brittany's right though," I said, thumbing through the photos. "These black guys are really hung."

The girls laughed.

"That word sounds funny coming from you," Angelique said.

"I'm not as naïve as you think I am," I said in my own defense. "I don't know as much about sex as you or Brittany, but I'm not a total waste."

We looked through every photo my cousin threw our way until our sexual education was suddenly interrupted by laughter emanating from the guest room next to ours. There was no mistaking the voices. It was Delvin and Maria. Both of them sounded drunk and they were singing loudly to each other.

Angelique quickly threw the magazines back in the box and returned it and its prurient contents to the closet. She then told us to be quiet as she pressed her face to the wall adjoining the guest room.

"Holly, there's a flashlight in the top drawer of the bureau. Get it out," she said in a hushed voice.

I withdrew the flashlight and awaited further instructions.

"Do you see these?" Angelique said to all of us as she pried away a small piece of wood from the wall. "The wall is made out of pine and has all these little holes covered up with these pieces of wood. Just pull them out and you can look into their room. But be quiet or they might hear you."

There were several of these circular indentations in the wood and each of us found one to peer through. Angelique then told me to shut the lights and turn on the flashlight.

"Keep the light pointed at the floor," my voyeuristic cousin told me. "Don't point it at the wall or they might see it."

I obediently followed her directives and left the flashlight resting on its head on the floor, providing just enough illumination so that we could find our way around the room. I was lucky in that there were actually two holes side by side from which I could peer with both eyes into the rather well lit room next door.

"I don't see them," Megan said disappointed.

"He's probably fucking her on the couch," Angelique said. "Yup. There's a pair of legs sticking out."

"Well, I don't see anything!" Megan complained.

"That's because of your angle," Brittany said. "I can't see them either."

I could, however, discern the two lovers quite nicely from my vantage point. Delvin was sitting on the sofa and Maria was sitting on top facing him. They were both completely naked.

"Oh, my God!" I said, trying to keep my voice low. "You have to see this!"

"What? What?" Angelique said as she hurriedly pushed me away from my spot.

From the next room we could hear Maria's moans of pleasure. My cousin fought hard to suppress a giggle.

"Her tits are bouncing all over his face," she said with delight.

"I want to see it!" Brittany moaned as she pushed Angelique away.

My cousin reluctantly gave up her position and went back to her own little viewing area, still able to see much of what was going on. Megan was impatient to get a glimpse of the action and finally managed to pry Brittany away.

"Oh, wow!" Megan said. "Her boobs are so big!"

"I know," Angelique replied. "It was hard to tell with that dress she was wearing tonight. Poor Delvin looks like he's suffocating!"

I allowed Megan to continue looking for a few more seconds and then moved back into position. I watched Delvin's thighs move up and down in tandem as Maria's lovely body rose and fell in unison to his thrusts. I had never seen anything like it.

"This is really great!" Brittany said, her face glued to the wall.

We watched the two of them fuck for several more minutes and I noticed that Angelique was getting turned on from it all. More than once her hand traveled to her crotch and she firmly pressed both legs against her flattened palm making a soft, moaning sound.

"They're moving to the bed!" I exclaimed, as the two naked figures passed before my field of vision.

The bed was situated such that it provided us with an unobstructed view of their lovemaking. Up to this point none of us could see Delvin's penis very well because of the way he had positioned himself on the bed. Even now, as he methodically grinded his hips against Maria's ass, it was difficult to get a glimpse of his erection. We stood there, our faces pasted hard against the wall, silently looking on in rapt fascination as Delvin's motions grew more frantic. Soon, Maria started shouting something in Spanish.

"What's wrong with her?" I asked Angelique.

"She's having an orgasm you twit!" she replied without removing her eyes from the scene.

It was a long, drawn out wail that emanated from the twenty-year-old beauty as she reached the height of her climax. As she came, she buried her face in the pillow to stifle her screams, but they were loud nonetheless, lasting for almost a full minute before she collapsed onto the bed as though drained of all her energy. As she lowered herself onto the bed, Delvin's penis popped out of her and it suddenly became visible for all of us to see.

"Look at that!" Brittany exclaimed.

"I can't believe it!" Megan remarked. "It's like a huge, black kielbasa!"

"Keep your voices down you idiots or they'll hear you!" Angelique rebuked them with a harsh whisper. "Shit, he's fucking big!" she added after a short pause.

I had never come face to face with a penis in my life. I had felt one once, through the boy's pants, but that was the extent of my knowledge of the male sexual organ. For me to now be confronted with this enormous, naked specimen, even from this far away, made me cry out in utter astonishment.

"It's...it's got to be at least two feet long!" I blurted out.

All the girls struggled to suppress a laugh.

"No guy's schlong is that big!" Brittany assured me. "He's about 9 or 10 inches at the most."

"How can you tell?" Megan asked.

"I've seen my older brother when he gets an erection. It's about the same size as his."

This admission of voyeurism invited a comment from Angelique.

"You've seen your brother's wiener?"

"Only a couple of times," Brittany confessed. "He goes into the bathroom to masturbate a lot."

"How do you know that's what he does?" I asked.

"I know because he's always got one of those porno magazines in his hand, that's how," she explained. "And one time I actually caught him at the computer jerking off to some naked women on one of those adult Web sites."

"You caught him?" Angelique said, surprised.

"He forgot to lock his bedroom door and I just kind of, you know, walked in and there it was."

"He must have been shocked," Megan remarked.

"He was," Brittany replied. "He was really mad at me for a long time and now he always keeps his door locked."

While this brief verbal interlude was transpiring, Maria had managed to get Delvin to lie down on the bed. Fortunately for us, she had moved her body behind his, giving us a completely unobstructed view of his nakedness and his enormous 10-inch penis, which stood up stiff and straight like a flagpole.

I watched fascinated as she tugged at his huge erection, playing with it and teasing it in preparation for its entrance into her waiting mouth. Delvin lay there quietly watching as her agile fingers encircled his towering shaft, slowly guiding the head onto her outstretched tongue. He jumped as soon as he felt her hot breath upon his agitated tool, and whimpered softly as he prepared himself for the oral onslaught.

"Oh my god, she's going to give him a blowjob!" Angelique squealed.

In a matter of seconds Delvin's entire penis had disappeared down Maria's accommodating throat. The four of us reacted with simultaneous exclamations as we watched the girl's head descend until her nose touched the tip of his pubic hair. She lingered there for a moment and then raised her head up slowly, gracefully, swirling her tongue around the entire length of him on her journey upward. Keeping both hands interlocked around the base of his shaft, she repeated these exact same motions many times over, her bobbing becoming faster on each successive trip down toward his nether regions. It was not long before Delvin was bucking his hips wildly up and down in response to Maria's forceful blowjob.

"He's going to cum soon," Angelique warned us.

"I'll bet you he shoots off in her mouth!" Brittany exclaimed.

I could see Delvin's huge, swollen balls rise up toward the base of his shaft as Maria wrapped her lips around the tip of his penis, both of her hands furiously pumping him. In a matter of seconds his entire body froze as he was gripped by a powerful orgasm. Maria's hands flew up and down his glistening pole and I saw her neck muscles begin to contract as he began to launch spurt after spurt of hot semen down her throat. We all looked on intently as Maria swallowed one load after another, never removing her mouth from his climaxing tool.

To my left came a low moan. I quickly looked away to find Angelique with her right hand buried in her crotch. I looked again at the duo in the next room. Delvin was still ejaculating and Maria was keeping pace with him. Her lips were now dripping with saliva and semen, some of which fell onto Delvin's pubic hair, forming little puddles of silver gray. Only when his balls had been fully emptied, did Maria release her mouth from his penis. She licked her lips as though she had just eaten a tasty snack. Delvin rolled over onto his side, out of breath.

"God, that was so hot!" Angelique said excitedly as she drew away from the wall. Her eyes were positively sparkling with lust, and I knew that she had experienced an orgasm of her own.

Brittany, too, had a look of immense satisfaction on her face, but for a different reason.

"I told you he was going to cum in her mouth didn't I?" she said to us.

"But you didn't think she was going to swallow it all did you?" Megan said with a grimace.

Angelique looked somewhat disappointed. "I wanted to see it shoot," she said.

"Why?" I inquired.

"Because it's so sexy. I love to watch a guy spurt like a fountain."

"Do all of them do it?"

"Some do. I have some stuff on DVD. I'll show you tomorrow."

"Oh, come on," Brittany whined. "Let's see them now."

"No," Angelique said. "We have to get to sleep. We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow."

Brittany and Megan continued to pester Angelique for a few more minutes before finally acquiescing to my cousin's demands. But Angelique was right. The four of us were going to spend the day in downtown San Diego and we were going to need our rest. At that moment, however, I doubted I would get much sleep after what I had just witnessed. In fact, all of us were so excited by what we had just seen, that we made it the topic of our discussion for another full hour before we all finally fell asleep. Having never seen a man "spurt like a fountain," I was, of course, intrigued by Angelique's comment. Little did I know then that I was going to watch, first-hand, some of the finest displays of male ejaculation my young, inexperienced eyes had ever seen. And this would all happen within the next few days, courtesy of my provocative cousin, and, unbeknownst to me at the time, my even more provocative aunt Phoebe.

**********


The following morning, Angelique, Brittany, Megan, and I had a leisurely breakfast on the lanai with my aunt, Lenore, Justine, and Estelle. My aunt had the entire day planned out for us for reasons she was reluctant to divulge, but which appeared to me to be an attempt to get us out of the house so that she could spend some private time with her friends. This was only an assumption of my part, but it seemed, as the days wore on, that she spent an inordinate amount of time with these three women, especially Lenore, and she seemed to take our imminent departure with less than a hint of delight.

"You girls are going to love the new mall downtown," she began, as she polished off a second helping of scrambled eggs. "Several boutiques and shoe stores just opened up...there's a theater there too... I'm sure you'll find tons of things to do."

"I want to buy some new jeans...and shoes too," Angelique said.

"Go ahead," my aunt replied happily. "You have the entire day to do whatever you like. All I ask is that you don't give Jake a hard time. He'll chauffer you around wherever you want to go, but his orders are to have you all back here by 10:00 PM. Do you understand me Angelique?"

"Understood, mom," my cousin replied dryly.

"I mean it. If you give him any trouble, I'll hear about it."

"They'll have a great time," Justine said, looking at me. "San Diego is such an interesting city."

Lenore and Estelle quickly agreed.

"It's simply beautiful," Lenore said.

"And so much to see," Estelle added.

I could not help but feel that my aunt and her friends were anxious to see the four of us embark upon this day trip without delay. This feeling was verified when, just having finished breakfast, Jake announced that the limousine was ready and we could depart at any time. I stole a quick glance at Lenore, who gave my aunt a sly wink as she raised a glass of orange juice to her lips.

"You girls don't want to be late now do you?" she said to us. "After all, who wants to be stuck in the house with us old gals on a beautiful day like this?"

"Absolutely," my aunt replied. "Well, don't keep Jake waiting. Go on, go on."

She motioned for Jake to escort us out, but just as we started to leave she turned to Angelique.

"By the way, what happened to Delvin and Maria? They knew breakfast was being served at 9:00 AM."

Angelique looked sheepishly at her mother while the rest of us tried to maintain our composure, knowing full well that the two lovers were probably still fast asleep after last night's sexual escapade.

"I think they're still sleeping mom," my cousin said with a grin.

"Maybe we should get them up," Justine said. "They're doing a music video shoot in LA this afternoon."

My aunt directed one of the servants to wake up the couple. It seemed to me as though she had planned to have everyone out of the house except for her own friends, though I had no idea why.

The four of us were still trying to suppress our giggles, but my aunt wasn't fooled by our little act. She was too intuitive to be taken in by the impromptu performance of four highly impressionable teenage girls.

"And what time did you girls get to bed last night?" she asked her daughter.

"Around midnight," Angelique replied. "But I heard Delvin and Maria come in very late."

"How late?"

"Around 2:00 AM I think."

Both Megan and Brittany were fighting hard to keep themselves from laughing, but it was useless. In a few moments Angelique and I were laughing right along with them.

"Oh go on, the four of you!" my aunt said, shooing us off with a wave of her hand. "I'm not going to ask what happened. I don't want to know. Just get the hell out of the house and have a great time ladies!"

Jake drove us to the mall in less than an hour and dropped us off by the entrance to the movie theater. He told us that he had to have some work done on the vehicle and that he would return for us around 9:00 PM. We were to meet him where he had left us. With that he drove off.

The mall was enormous. It was a two-tiered affair with a central atrium that was the size of a football field, replete with a myriad of shops, kiosks, and booths full of lively salespeople. We had decided to catch the 12:00 PM movie, which was a special double feature event to celebrate the opening of the new mall. After having made a full circuit of both floors and almost every clothing shop therein, and with each of us holding a shopping bag full of items, we headed for the theater. Suddenly, I did not feel well.

"Call Jake," I said to Angelique.

"What for?" she replied, as we stood in line for our tickets.

"She's sick, can't you see that?" Brittany said to my cousin.

"Are you?" Angelique asked.

"Yes, I don't feel good. Please call him."

Angelique tried several times to call Jake from her cell phone but to no avail. She then tried from a pay phone but got no results either.

"There must be something wrong with his cell phone," she said.

"Call for a cab," Megan said, looking at me with concern.

"I have to sit down," I said, feeling a bit faint.

The girls followed me to a nearby bench and I sat down. I couldn't seem to get warm.

"What's wrong with you anyway?" Angelique asked as she made the call.

"I don't know...I just feel very weak."

"Her face is turning white," Brittany said.

"Well, don't puke here, please," Angelique said with a frown.

In about ten minutes a cab arrived and I was on my way back to my aunt's house. None of the girls offered to escort me, as they did not want to miss seeing the movie. I thought it highly selfish of all of them and to my surprise I found myself feeling a bit resentful at their lack of consideration. The cab driver felt bad for my plight and offered me a candy bar, which I politely refused.

"Nothing like chocolate to cheer you up," he said, taking a bite of the candy he had just offered to me.

When the taxi pulled up to the front door I paid the driver and carried my bag full of clothes and shoes to the front door. I noticed that there were several cars parked in the driveway, which I had not seen upon leaving earlier in the day. I did notice, however, that Delvin's car was gone.

I was just about to ring the doorbell when I remembered that Angelique had given me my own key to the house. Upon entering I neither saw nor heard anyone, and so I made my way directly to the bedroom where I immediately threw myself onto the bed, shaking with cold. I must have slept only a short while before I was forced to get up and run to the bathroom where I remained for several minutes violently puking into the toilet. The vomiting must have done me good because I soon began to feel much better.

Feeling a bit hungry, I decided to make my way to the kitchen and make myself some toast. I did not know where my aunt or any of her friends were, which was odd since there were so many cars out in front of the house. After eating I decided to see where these mysterious people might be.

Going from room to room I found no one. Even the servants were missing. At last I made my way to my aunt's study: a huge Victorian-style room filled with a vast amount of books that were stacked on shelves reaching up to the ceiling. Being an avid reader, I spent a good amount of time there, sifting through arcane titles and old, moldy tomes that seemed to belong to another era. Some of these titles I recognized, but most of them were obscure. Amidst the more familiar works like Pygmalion and Great Expectations, I saw some odd titles that made little sense to me, such as The Art and Science of Female Domination, and Masturbatory Techniques of the Dominatrix. I thumbed through these books with burning curiosity, and was amazed to find that they had inscriptions on the inside front cover which bore my aunt's name—both books having been given to her by someone with the initials, L. M. I later learned that the initials stood for Lenore Marceau, my aunt's most recent and eager confidant.

Neither books contained any pictures, and the arcane and unfamiliar text only raised more questions in my mind than they answered. However, one inescapable fact was revealed to me despite all the confusing jargon: that female domination of men was the true destiny of all women. To my young mind, the idea that one person—a woman—would strive to dominate another person—a man—was a concept completely foreign to me. I, myself, did not view men or women as either superior or inferior to one another, but rather as complimentary and harmonious facets of the same human equation. And even though I hold this very belief even to this day, I also love the power and control I have over men, and have managed to integrate the philosophy of the Sisterhood into my life in such a way that I have found a satisfactory balance between my fetish and my normal routine. However, my aunt's friends were creatures of another breed, and I was soon to learn and experience just how far the tenets of their philosophy of male domination were to be applied.

In one corner of this vast room was a magnificent brown leather chair into which I sat pouring over several of these unfamiliar books. I don't know what drew me to them but the very uniqueness of the idea of female superiority somehow fascinated me. In a world traditionally dominated by men, the idea that a woman could be in charge appealed to me on some level. I didn't think the relegation of male power to their supposedly lesser kin would ever be a tenable prospect, but the concept intrigued me nonetheless. At some point as I ruminated over these ideas, I fell asleep.

I don't know exactly how long I slept, but I awoke to the sound of voices coming from the hallway just outside the study. I did not want to be found with these books in my hands, which would have been tantamount to an invasion of my aunt's privacy as well as an admission of untrustworthiness, so I quickly rose from my chair and hastily replaced them on the shelves.

The voices were getting closer. Seeing that I had little time to act, I ran into a small closet fitted with louver doors and closed them quickly behind me. The wooden slats in the door were large enough so that I could see into the study without much difficulty. Several seconds elapsed and then I heard my aunt's voice inviting her guests into the study.

"I think this will do nicely," she said as she threw open the doors admitting herself and about a dozen other women into the room.

I soon realized that the entire entourage must have come from the garden, where my aunt usually entertained her guests with an outdoor brunch when the weather was pleasant. Most of these women were professional types varying in age from twenty to sixty. I recognized Justine and Estelle among them, but other than them, my aunt, and Lenore, everyone else was unknown to me. All of them were dressed impeccably in some form of business attire or another, and the effect of their combined presence was such that I felt I was attending a board meeting at some huge corporation. Each woman taken singly would have been intimidating enough, but as a whole they formed a formidable entity of female power and intellect that seemed to command obedience and respect.

Behind this group of women followed two young men, who were quickly instructed by my aunt to go into an adjoining room and wait until they were called. I had never seen these two men before and I had no idea what their purpose might be in this company of women. My aunt herself was dressed in a simple black dress with matching heels: her only jewelry a stunning pearl necklace. With her silky, platinum blonde hair reaching to her waist, she looked absolutely spectacular.

"I want to assure everyone that all the servants have been dismissed," my aunt said to the group. "My daughter and her friends are gone for the day and there is no one in the house but us and the two gentlemen in the next room. Please help yourselves to drinks at the bar."

The women wasted no time in serving themselves alcoholic beverages. They appeared to me to be the type of people who enjoyed working hard and playing even harder, judging by the way the plied their liquor. After Lenore and my aunt procured drinks for themselves, the older woman took my aunt by the arm and led her to the window overlooking the west lawn—only a few feet from where I was hiding—and spoke to her in hushed tones. My angle of view was obstructed, so all I could do was listen.

"Are you absolutely positive that no one knows what's going on here?" Lenore asked my aunt.

"Relax Lenore," my aunt reassured her. "I've told you twice already, it's all been taken care of. Don't you trust me?"

Lenore smiled. "Yes, of course, of course dear. Don't mind me. I'm not used to holding initiations under these types of circumstances. If your daughter..."

"Don't worry about her. Angelique is very clever. That's why I had to be nonchalant about her and the girls going away for the day. If I made too much of it, she would have suspected something. In any event, Jake is keeping an eye on things for me."

"I hope he's trustworthy."

"He is. I assure you. Now please relax and enjoy yourself. I'm dying to see what all this is about."

"I only mention it because if someone should crash our little party and learn what's really going on...well, in that case we'd have to do what our predecessors did."

"And what was that?"

"Eliminate them."

I did not know at the time that Lenore was only joking. But not being able to see their facial expressions, and hearing only their cackling laughter, made me suddenly petrified that should I be discovered, I might end up on the missing persons list. Unconsciously, I drew back further into the closet and kept my body covered over with some hanging coats, only my head timidly peeking out from behind them. The thought of my aunt having anything to do with people who would possibly resort to such murderous practices made me shiver. I found the thought incongruous, knowing that my aunt was a kind person at heart, and Lenore herself gave me no indication of any strain of hidden cruelty. Nonetheless, I burrowed deeper into my makeshift den and tried to pretend that I had become invisible.

Seating was arranged such that a large circle was left open in the center of the room, allowing the guests to enjoy a ringside view of the proceedings. There was much excitement and discussion going on amongst them, and it took several minutes before the group finally settled down, and only after Lenore was forced to override my aunt's initial plea for quiet.

"My, my, my!" she began, surveying the women around her. "What's gotten into you girls today?"

For a woman whom I had assumed to be in her middle to late fifties, Lenore had the body of a woman twenty years younger. Her beauty was not so much derived from her pleasing physical attributes, although considerable, but rather from some inner emanation of spirit that made her entire face seem to sparkle and glow as if there were a fire kindled somewhere deep inside her. Most women her age would not have worn their hair long and flowing, yet she did, and it did not detract from her loveliness but rather added to the overall perception of beauty. The light brown curls, with faint streaks of gray, adorned her face like a Giordano fresco, and the penetrating blue eyes were bright and alert to any nuance around her. She wore a three-piece business suit comprised of a black skirt and blazer with a tan blouse upon which was fastened a sterling silver butterfly brooch. She was one of the shortest women in the room, yet her very presence commanded respect, and her guests showed this to her with an abundant display of affection. With the crowd now quiet, she dug one of the heels of her shoes into the carpet as if to pivot herself in any direction at any moment in anticipation of their questions.

"Okay, what's the deal, Lenore? Are we going to admit Phoebe or not?" asked a young, tall, and attractive twenty-something brunette with incredibly long legs.

"We must forgive Janet her bluntness. She is very young and has not yet become accustomed to her new position of power within the Sisterhood," replied Lenore with a light-hearted air. "But since the cat is now out of the bag, yes, Phoebe Anjou, I am proud to say, has been voted in. Welcome Phoebe!"

As Lenore swung her body around to face my aunt, the entire group broke into a round of applause. My stunned aunt sat there beaming with joy upon her acceptance into the clandestine group that Lenore referred to as the "Sisterhood." Both Estelle and Justine rose simultaneously to congratulate her by each shaking one of her hands and kissing her cheek. My aunt was overcome with emotion.

"This is a great honor," she said to the group. "I hope I shall be able to live up to the fine tradition established by Sister Marceau and those who have preceded her."

To this statement the assemblage of ladies cheered wildly.

"I have no doubt that you will, my dear Phoebe," said Lenore with such pride that it might have been her own daughter who had been so honored.

In the course of the next half hour I came to learn a great deal about the Sisterhood and the reason for the meeting I was now forced by circumstances to secretly witness.

The beginnings of this covert alliance of women began during the French Revolution when a young noblewoman of King Louis' court, whose name was Yvette Anjou—a direct forebear of Phoebe's husband Pierre—was commissioned by the King to form a small group of women to help the government weed out and destroy the leaders of the Revolution. The reconnaissance of these women proved so successful that many would-be usurpers were overthrown, and the King rewarded his ladies by lavish gifts of money and property. However, once the Revolution had begun in earnest and King Louis' life was imperiled, he betrayed his loyal "Sisterhood" by placing the blame squarely upon their heads for the execution of many of the rebels' most powerful leaders. In effect, he withdrew his protection and support, effectively rendering the group vulnerable to attack by those whom they had once acted against with impunity. Many of these noble women died at the hands of their enemies, and later some were executed along with the King when his regime had fallen, but a few escaped by virtue of subterfuge and quick thinking. One of these was Yvette. Now possessed of a healthy distrust of men, she sought out other powerful and competent women in an attempt to form a network of like-minded associates who would never again bow to the threat of male domination. Over the ensuing centuries, chapters of this organization sprouted up all over the world, although the original impetus for membership, i.e., a genuine hatred and distrust for all things male, became diffused and watered down to the point where the only singular reason for joining was a desire to control men in any way possible for the amusement and pleasure of the woman. The women sitting in the room now were each heads of their own chapters located in various countries around the world.

I soon came to learn that the Sisterhood was virtually "invisible" to all but its own adherents, its secrets and traditions zealously guarded, and its operations completely covert. Admission into its ranks was by recommendation only, and almost always by a high-ranking member. My aunt couldn't have done much better: Lenore was the Supreme leader of the organization, headquartered in Paris, and had been the guiding force behind my aunt's elevation to Sisterhood status.

As she sat there now with tears of joy streaming down her face, I, too, became excited for my aunt Phoebe, and almost wished I could walk out of the closet and shake her hand. Of course, I could do nothing of the kind. Fearful enough of my identity being somehow revealed, I was even more fearful of what my ultimate fate might be if I was discovered to have been privy to the conversation I had just heard. Would I be tortured or killed? Maybe offered as a ritual sacrifice for ease dropping on their secret meeting? I trembled as these thoughts raced through my mind.

"If there is no objection," Lenore began, " I should like to bring out the men now."

"How many do we have today?" an elegant, forty-something woman asked.

"There's two I believe," Estelle replied.

"Would you and Justine bring the younger man out first please?" Lenore said to Estelle."

"Of course," Estelle replied.

The two women promptly left the room and were gone only a minute before they returned with the younger of the two men. Exactly why these individuals were being held I couldn't guess, but the one now being led in was a handsome, well-dressed specimen who smiled faintly as he was told to stand in the center of the room and await further instructions.

"As you all know," Lenore began, "one of the criteria for membership into the Sisterhood is that all its members periodically acquire males for the purposes of serving the Sisterhood in whatever capacity we see fit. Our Sister Phoebe has procured one man whom she believes will devote himself to us without question. Of course the real purpose of this meeting is to determine if this man will submit to our will, and that is what we are here to determine. The other man is...well, a surprise. Let us begin."

The man was asked to sit down in a chair in the middle of the room. Lenore then sat down next to my aunt. She, along with all the other women in the room, observed the young man with interest.

He was a tall man, well over six feet in height and broad shouldered. He had an Anglo-Saxon look about him—probably English or Irish—and had dark, wavy hair that fell to his shoulders. I don't think he was older than twenty-five. He was dressed casually in a pair of olive green khakis and a short-sleeve white shirt. As he sat there with his hands folded in his lap, I sensed that he was overwhelmed by the presence of so many formidable-looking females, although he, himself, looked every bit the part of a movie hero.

Lenore motioned to Justine to begin the inquiry. Once this directive had been given, the other women ceased chatting and turned their full attention to the man, who seemed a bit apprehensive. Justine stood over him now, fixing him with a steady gaze.

"What is your name please?"

"Andre Wilkins," he replied.

"Andre Wilkins...what?" she asked, prompting him.

For a moment he looked puzzled, but soon realized what she meant.

"Uh, miss."

"That's better," she said with a smile of satisfaction. "Why are you here Mr. Wilkins?"

"I have come to serve the Sisterhood, miss."

"And how do you intend to do that?"

"By doing whatever is asked of me," he replied, glancing up at her.

Justine seemed pleased. "You have been given the oath?"

"Yes, miss."

"I'm sorry Justine," Lenore interrupted. "I forgot to mention that both men have already taken the oath of allegiance. However," she said looking intently at the man, "that does not guarantee that you will be granted the privilege of servitude."

"That's correct." Justine said. "That is to be determined by this inquiry and subsequent demonstration. Do you understand Mr. Wilkins?"

"Yes, miss. I understand." He looked pensive for a moment. "Uh, miss? "What demonstration?"

At this point Lenore stood up and walked over to the man. She bent over him so that her face was only inches from his own.

"You do not ask questions of us, ever. Is that understood?"

"Yes...yes, of course miss," Mr. Wilkins replied with a trembling voice.

"Phoebe," she said to my aunt. "This is not to be tolerated. So learn this well. Those who serve the Sisterhood do not question: they only obey. What this man does on his own time is his business, but while he is in our employ he must serve us unconditionally."

Lenore was very adamant about the whole affair, and my aunt just sat there nodding her head in agreement, saying nothing. Lenore asked Justine to continue and resumed her seat next to my aunt.

"I am going to ask you some questions and then the other ladies in the room are going to ask you more questions. If you fail to answer even one question to our satisfaction, or if you try to be evasive in any way, you will be dismissed. Many of these questions will be of a highly personal nature. Do you have a problem with that?"

"No, miss."

"Very well. If you pass the questionnaire, you will then be asked to provide us with a physical demonstration of your loyalty and obedience, whose form is to be determined by our Supreme Sister. Are you ready?"

Heaving a heavy sigh, Mr. Wilkins looked straight ahead and fixed his eyes upon nothing in particular.

"I'm ready...miss," he said softly.

I think I was just as much puzzled as Mr. Wilkins as to what Justine meant by "demonstration." He looked very nervous now, afraid that one wrong answer would put an end to his attempt to become their collective footstool. Why any man would voluntarily choose to subjugate himself to the whims of these women, or to anyone for that matter, was quite beyond my ability to comprehend. I did not learn until very much later that the desire to be controlled by another was as much a need of the servant as the desire to control was a need of the one being served.

Justine sat down next to Estelle and began the questioning. I think she enjoyed her role as interrogator, feeling a rush of power over Mr. Wilkins's discomfort.

"As you may have heard, Mr. Wilkins," she began, "those who are admitted into our employ serve the Sisterhood in many ways. Do you have any objections to exposing your naked body to your superiors?"

At first the startled man didn't know how to respond. I watched as his eyes darted from one face to another until his gaze finally rested upon Justine. Slowly, he forced the words out.

"I...don't have any objections, miss," he said with some hesitation.

"Are you sure? You seem a little uncertain."

Again he halted before replying. "No, miss. I have no problem with it."

I could not understand, as I watched his nervous response from my secret hiding place in the closet, why nakedness should have been a prerequisite for employment. But then I recalled the books I had recently read that dealt with women in power who controlled men via manual stimulation of their penises, and I started to put it all together. He was going to become their group boy toy.

"Then stand up and remove all your clothes—now!"

At first he hesitated. But his need to be dominated overrode his timidity and he slowly rose and began to disrobe.

Andre took his time removing his clothes. He began with his shoes and socks; then the shirt came off followed by his pants. These items he deposited in a heap by his feet. He stood there now with only his boxer briefs on, looking embarrassed and seeking direction. I noticed that there was a big bulge in his underwear.

"He's got a hard-on for Christ's sake!" said a cute, stout-looking woman with a Russian accent.

Upon seeing his erection all the women began laughing, making lewd remarks and reveling in his embarrassment. But some withheld their comments, preferring instead to see what was hiding underneath his briefs.

"Well?" Justine asked. "What are you waiting for?"

Andre's face turned beet red. "You want me to take off my underwear too?"

"Of course!" she demanded.

There was nothing the hapless young man could do. If he refused, he would dismissed. Reluctantly, he lowered his hands to his waist and began to pull his briefs down in a slow, exaggerated motion. The women, sensing his reluctance, showered him with catcalls.

"Oh, hurry up!" Justine said impatiently. "Don't keep us waiting or you'll find yourself out on the street in a minute!"

Some of the women started to chuckle as he fumbled with his underwear. From my vantage point in the closet, Andre stood about 30 feet away from me on a diagonal plane, and I could see every deliberate motion of his hands and every strained look on his face as he pulled his underwear down. My aunt, Lenore, and several other women, one a fiery Japanese girl who looked too young to be involved with this group, had the advantage of seeing his marvelously rounded and muscular backside from up close. The girl actually took the liberty of reaching out and caressing his ass, earning a round of cheers from the ladies. However, it was the thing sprouting up from between his legs that got the greatest amount of attention.

To a chorus of jeering and drunken women, Andre drew his briefs down beyond the level of his crotch, and his penis, now fully erect, sprang into view. It was an amazing sight, pointing up hard and straight toward the ceiling. I found myself mouthing the words Oh, my God! as the huge cock—about the same size as Delvin's I thought—bobbed about as if it had a life of its own. Justine ordered him to turn around so that my aunt and those seated behind him could get a good view of this object of wonder.

"You have a beautiful prick young man," Lenore said admiring his penis.

"I love his balls!" Estelle exclaimed. "Look how big they are!"

This made everyone break out into gales of laughter.

My aunt sat there with a huge grin on her face, eyeing him up and down. "Lovely," she said, as he continued rotating his torso so that everyone could see his ample equipment.

Andre was indeed a striking example of male physical perfection. He reminded me of an ancient Greek warrior frozen in marble, the sculptor's art reflected in the infinite details of his face and torso, providing a vision of idealized beauty. So many favorable comments, voiced in several different languages, came fast and furious as Andre, quickly gaining more confidence in his new role as male model, did an impromptu dance, making his penis shake up and down and side to side as he did so.

"Bravo!" shouted a beautiful, leggy blonde with an Italian accent. "I must congratulate you Phoebe on your taste in men! Bravo!"

"Thank you Felicia," my aunt replied.

Andre continued to perform his little dance until Justine ordered him to sit down.

"I was going to command you to get an erection but I can see you have no trouble in that department!" Justine laughed.

For the first time Andre smiled. I think he was beginning to feel a bit more self-assured, now that he felt himself closer to his ultimate goal of servitude to these women. But any hope of an easy approval was swiftly dashed when Lenore stood up to address him.

"Don't look so pleased with yourself Mr. Wilkins," she said in a stern voice. "You have a long way to go yet."

Andre's smile quickly faded, but not his erection.

In my limited experiences with boys, I've always noticed that their penises seemed to have a mind of their own. It seemed to me that adult males suffered the same problem.

"How long is your dick, Mr. Wilkins?" Justine asked bluntly.

"I...I don't know," he confessed shamefacedly. "I've never measured it, miss."

A pretty, flaxen-haired woman in a red dress, whose name I later learned was Gertrude, burst out laughing.

"Dumbbell!" she exclaimed. "All men take measurements of their penises!"

"Not necessarily," Janet replied. "My husband never knew how big he was until I measured it for him."

"Oh yeah? Well, he must be a dumbbell too!"

All the women laughed, but Janet didn't care much for the comment.

"Phoebe, do you have a tape measure?" Lenore asked my aunt.

"I'm sorry. I don't know where my servants keep it."

"Well, he has to be measured somehow," Justine said.

"A very attractive and tall black woman took a sip of her drink and said, "He looks about a size 10 to me."

"You must be talking about your shoe size Zula," Lenore said jokingly.

"No, she's talking about mine," Estelle said removing one of her shoes. "I'm a size ten."

"Well, stick it next to his cock and let's see how Mr. Wilkins measures up," said Justine with a smirk.

Andre was ordered to stand as Estelle placed the underside of her pump alongside the young man's massive erection.

"Ha! I was right!" she cried. "Ten inches exactly. A perfect fit!"

Everyone laughed and commended her and Zula for their visual acumen.

Estelle removed her shoe and stared at his prick longingly for a few seconds, and then placed her hand between his legs and cupped his balls.

"I hope your batteries are fully charged," she said as she squeezed the swollen sac.

Andre winced and tried to draw away but Justine reprimanded him.

"Keep your hands by your sides Mr. Wilkins or you know what will happen to you!"

"Please, miss," he entreated Estelle. "Don't hurt me."

"I'm not going to hurt you," she replied. "But don't try to stop me from playing with you either."

Estelle unashamedly let her hands wander around his genital area for some time as all the other women watched intently.

"Great cock, I must say!" she blurted out as she fisted him gently up and down. "Do I turn you on?"

"Yes, miss," he replied as he drew in a deep breath.

She continued to toy with his cock and balls until Lenore was forced to intervene.

"Okay, Estelle. That's enough. Let's get on with it."

Estelle returned to her seat, but not before teasing Andre with a few more quick tugs on his pole. Justine told him to remain standing as she continued the line of questioning.

"All right, so now you know how long your dick is," she said to him in an unimpassioned voice. "Please tell us how often you masturbate."

"Well, miss," he faltered. "I...uh..."

"Go ahead. Tell us. Don't be ashamed."

"Well, I usually do it once a day and sometimes I wait two or three days before I do it," he admitted with some hesitation. "I can even do it several times a day if I'm really horny."

"Really?" she said surprised. "Several times a day. That's amazing. Are you horny now?"

"Yes, miss," he said emphatically.

A young, lovely Chinese woman almost choked on her drink. "What a silly thing to ask him Justine!" Can't you see he's leaking already?"

I had no idea what she was referring to. Leaking what from where? It wasn't until Justine walked up to Andre and bent over to inspect his penis that I understood.

"I guess you're right, Yin," she said as she probed his glans with her fingers. "Will somebody get me some tissues?"

She withdrew her hand and played with the sticky residue left behind on her thumb and forefinger.

"Here you are," Gertrude said, handing her a bunch of tissues.

She quickly wiped away the fluid from her fingers and handed the remaining tissues to Andre. "Try to keep things under control, will you?"

"Yes, miss," he replied, as he deftly applied the tissues to the tip of his penis.

"Now Mr. Wilkins, I want you to understand that male nudity is not only commonplace in the Sisterhood, it is mandatory for all our servants. Do you have a problem with that?"

At first I thought Andre was going to voice an objection, but he thought better of it and just nodded his head. "No miss," he said haltingly. "No problem."

"Very well," Justine said, pleased with his response. "Now I have a hypothetical question for you. Let's suppose you're serving drinks at one of our parties and, on a whim, one of the female guests asks you to perform for her...you know, an off-the-cuff jerk off show for her and her friends. What do you do?"

Andre took his time responding. I think he was anxious not to ruin everything by giving an unsatisfactory answer when he seemed so close to obtaining his goal.

"I guess that would depend on who the woman is," he replied cautiously.

"And why is that?"

"Well," he continued, "if I am correct...in such a case...I am only to obey the commands of the ladies of the Sisterhood."

Justine smiled. "Good answer," she said. "In most cases you can accommodate most of our guests as you would in any other circumstance. However, only the Sisterhood reserves the right to command your obedience, or to punish you for your disobedience. And you are forbidden to expend your sperm for anyone but the Sisterhood."

"I understand miss," he said with a sense of relief.

At this point Lenore stood up and walked up to the young man.

"What our sister Justine told you is absolutely correct. We reward obedience and punish severely those who disobey us."

She punctuated these words by reaching her hand out and closing her fist around Andre's penis. It was still sticking out proud and straight, despite his apparent timidity in the presence of so many powerful personalities.

As Lenore played with his cock, the other women began to encourage her to masturbate him then and there, but she simply kept her fist closed around his shaft and refrained from stimulating him further.

"What do you think of me young man?" she asked him.

Andre swallowed hard. "I think you are a very beautiful woman," he stammered, reluctant to look her in the face.

Some of the women giggled at his apparent discomfort.

"Do you know that I am old enough to be your mother?"

"I wouldn't presume..."

"It's all right Mr. Wilkins. I'm not ashamed of my age. I am at least 25 years older than you are, and in that time I have come to wield great power in the Sisterhood."

"Yes miss," he said meekly, his head bowed.

"So much power, in fact, that I can tell most men to go to hell and they'll gladly do it."

Andre said nothing to this statement, but his face looked downcast.

"Don't look so solemn," she said rubbing her other hand over his chest in a slow, sensuous motion. "I'm not referring to you. To me you are nothing more that a soft, cuddly, obedient puppy dog."

As she said this, her hand pulled hard on his cock three times to accentuate her final three words. Andre held his breath for a moment in response to her unexpected maneuver, and then exhaled loudly. The women quickly shouted their approval.

"I think he liked that, Lenore," Estelle said.

"You did, didn't you?" Lenore asked him.

"Yes, miss," he said, feeling a new sense of exhilaration upon being stroked by her masterful hands.

"I know you did," she smiled. "Now, prostrate yourself before me and kiss both my feet. Swear your allegiance and promise to serve me and the all the Sisterhood for the rest of your life."

Andre immediately fell onto his stomach and did as she asked, kissing both of her tiny feet with tender, gentle kisses.

"Now get on your knees and kiss the feet of all the other ladies in this room."

"Yes, miss!" he said, eager to show his compliance by hastily crawling on his hands and knees toward Felicia, who was nearest to him.

The stunning Mediterranean beauty barely gave him a nod as he kissed both her feet with absolute and loving devotion.

"This is what I like to see," Lenore remarked. "A man in his proper place!"

Andre then moved on to the 3-inch heels belonging to the Japanese woman, Kyoto. In her case, he was instructed to suck the heel of both shoes and run his tongue up and down the entire length of the sole. He obeyed her without question or pause, and when she felt his homage to her was complete, she patted him on the head as if he were little more than a dog.

"Now you go over to Selena," she cooed, and do the same to her."

Selena welcomed Andre with her bare feet, which she stuck in his face, demanding he give her a tongue bath. In this feat he assiduously applied himself, paying strict attention to every toe as his tongue gently and lovingly sucked one and then the other into his hot mouth. Selena loved the feel of her toes being so treated and laid back in her chair moaning in delight.

"Oh, yes...that's it!" she said in a thick, Spanish accent. "Make sure you get in between all the crevices."

Andre treated her feet as if they were some kind of holy relic, his tongue never once abandoning the object of his affection.

My aunt and Estelle took it upon themselves to serve more drinks to the ladies as this particular ritual took place. When it came time for Andre to kiss my aunt's feet, she laughed playfully, enjoying his act of humble submission. Some of the women treated him as if he were nothing more than a loyal pet, offering him a sip of their drink if he particularly pleased them, or fondling various parts of his body as a reward for his obeisance.

I had never seen a man assume a role of such abject servility. My own father would never bow to any woman—or any man for that matter. The few boys I dated would only pretend to act accommodating when they thought that they might stand something to gain from it, like feeling my breasts or trying to make me play with their penises. I felt contempt for Andre's weakness, yet I also felt a strong exhilaration at the power such subservience evoked from the hands of his mistresses.

When he had fulfilled his obligation to kiss every woman's feet, he then found himself at their mercy as they played with his body and his mind, teasing him, taunting him, amusing themselves at his expense as he performed a series of various little tasks, all designed to indulge and entertain their libidinous sensibilities. At one moment he was serving them drinks; the next, he found himself draped over a woman's knees as she energetically applied a rigorous spanking. This absurd spectacle went on for at least a half hour, and all during that time Andre's stubborn erection would not subside. An Englishwoman, whom I heard called "Marge," was the first to comment on this peculiarity.

"It's a funny thing, that," she said, pointing to Andre's erection. "He's been hard for the past hour you know."

Selena giggled. "He must have used some spray starch on it or something!"

Greta, a lovely, brunette with a dazzling smile, said, "Our Norwegian men always walk around with their cocks erect."

"Really?" Felicia said, finding this amusing. "You must like to keep them handy, no?"

Anya, the Russian woman, laughed. "The longer they keep it up, the more fun for us!"

The others raised their glasses in toast to this statement as Andre's humiliation continued unabated.

If these women only knew that only a short distance away, a nervous though entranced, accidental voyeur was observing their covert rituals, they would have probably killed me on the spot. At least that's what my juvenile instincts told me. Yes, it was certainly possible that my aunt would no doubt have intervened on my behalf, but even if I were not disposed of, they might elect to keep me a prisoner in some cold and dank cell to spend the rest of my days in frightful solitude, so as to keep the knowledge of their Sisterhood secret. This imaginary fear, quite real to me at the time, haunted me for months afterwards. The fear of meeting my demise at the hands of Lenore and her band of devotees was so intense and pervasive that I decided not to utter a word to anyone about what I had witnessed that day, preferring to keep my mouth shut and thereby preserving my young life.

I had already spent what I thought must have been at least an hour in the closet, and I was anxious to get out. It was comfortable enough inside my little hideaway, but I knew I would have to leave the house soon if I were to make my way back to Angelique and the others, who were, by now, halfway through the special double feature at the theater. When this spectacle would end, I couldn't tell. And more importantly, how was I going to escape without being seen?

Andre was asked a few more questions and then Lenore called for the group's attention. Taking Andre by the hand, she once again led him to the middle of the room.

"Now, Mr. Wilkins," she began. "For your final test of submission, you are to masturbate yourself to orgasm while we all watch."

It was said in a purely matter-of-fact tone, as if such an occurrence happened every day. Andre looked dumbfounded.

"Is this a joke, miss?" he asked.

"Of course it's not a joke," Lenore replied firmly. "I hope you're not having second thoughts!"

Feeling once again that his reluctance to perform might prove to be his undoing, he resigned himself to his fate and took his penis in hand as Lenore smiled.

"See," she said, "that's not so difficult, is it?"

Estelle chuckled. "I was wondering all this time how we were going to keep him from not coming!"

I had never seen a grown man masturbate before and I was quite enthralled by his technique, which was slow and methodical, the tempo unvarying, as if he were trying to prolong the moment of release as long as possible. As he was already aroused, I didn't think it would take much stimulation to get him to climax, but I was wrong on this account. Despite his masterful handling of his magnificent tool, and the crowd's encouragement, he was still jerking his penis almost five minutes later, and the ladies were now becoming impatient.

"This is ridiculous!" Janet complained. "He's taking way too long!"

"Are you ashamed to ejaculate in front of us, Mr. Wilkins?" Justine asked him.

Andre kept stroking his penis without looking up.

"I'm sorry, miss," he said contritely. "I guess I am."

"Mr. Wilkins," she said with impatience. "If you cannot perform as ordered...that's going to be a problem."

At this point Lenore interceded on his behalf.

"I can see that you're having some difficulty young man," she began, sensing his nervousness. "But I am willing to overlook it based upon your previous satisfactory show of servility. However, we must get you to ejaculate or you will be dismissed."

Andre's expression grew dour.

"I'm trying miss, I really am."

Lenore turned to Janet.

"You're the handjob expert around here," she said to the leggy brunette. "Help him out."

"As you wish, Lenore," Janet said.

Without hesitation, she removed a small jar of Vaseline from her purse and applied a thick coating of the greasy emulsion to her palms.

"But Lenore," Justine protested. "He's supposed to do this on his own."

"I know Justine," Lenore replied. "But I like this boy. I think he'll make a fine addition to our stable."

"I agree," Estelle said. "He's got all the right qualities to make an excellent servant."

Justine frowned as Janet now positioned herself to the right side of Andre, allowing me to witness his masturbation unimpeded.

"But Lenore.."

The older woman glanced at her younger colleague with displeasure, and that was enough to end the debate. Justine didn't say another word until the spectacle was over, and with Janet about to take Andre's huge cock firmly under her control, I didn't think it would take long.

As I had mentioned earlier, Janet was a beautiful woman who was graced with a set of amazingly long and perfectly proportioned legs. She was a woman who laughed freely, and her light-hearted demeanor was reflected in every motion of her tall, lithe body. Andre was actually a few inches taller than she was, but with his shoes off, and she with her 3-inch heels on, it created an illusion that she was, in fact, the taller of the two. As she now looked down upon him, she allowed her left arm to encircle his waist while her right hand took hold of his erect penis. His mental subjugation by these women, plus the added physical imagery of Janet towering over him, made Andre sigh heavily as he surrendered himself, body and soul, to the insistent stroking of the bubbly, brunette vixen. In a matter of seconds, a river of clear fluid poured forth from his penis, flowing over her Vaseline-coated hand. Seeing this prompted Janet to have some verbal fun with Andre.

"My God, you're so tense!" she said, laughing as she masturbated him. "When was the last time you came?"

Andre's chest heaved up and down in time with Janet's strokes, and it took him a few seconds to respond.

"Close to...uh, seven days, miss..."

"Seven days!" she exclaimed. "My husband would be climbing the walls!"

Greta laughed. "He was climbing the walls. Don't you remember Janet? Our last party he wanted a handjob, but you got sick and asked me to take care of him for you."

"Oh, that's right!" Janet replied, never missing a beat. "You jerked him off right in Felicia's face, if I remember."

"I remember," Felicia said with a grin. "I had to shampoo my hair three times to get all the sperm out."

"I know!" Janet laughed. "He does shoot a lot."

"Yes," Greta agreed. "He cums like a horse!"

All the women laughed at this remark with the exception of Justine. She still seemed annoyed that Lenore had flaunted the Sisterhood's rules, and periodically would glance in her superior's direction for want of anything better to do.

It amazed me that these women could carry on this lewd conversation in front of Andre in such a detached way, as if the sight of a man being masturbated in their presence was a commonplace event. The truth was, I later found out, that ritual male masturbation, or "milkings" as the women referred to them, were performed on a regular basis at all Sisterhood affairs, including meetings, parties, and all kinds of social engagements where men were to be found. So, the only thing new about this particular situation was the subject himself—everything else serving only as a variation on a theme for these jaded voluptuaries.

As Janet continued to stroke Andre—now with a precise, mechanical cadence; now with a series of rapid bursts—my aunt, Lenore, and all the other women sitting to Andre's rear, moved to the opposite side of the room, in anticipation of witnessing his fast approaching orgasm.

"Oh, yes please, move up front," Janet said to them. "Can everybody see?"

"You're in rare form today, Janet," Lenore commented. "It looks like you're going to get him to shoot soon."

I could not imagine how she knew that. Despite lots of clear liquid (I later learned from Angelique that this was called "precum") being extruded from his penis, I did not see any indication of impending orgasm. But I did notice that Andres's testicles were now rising up toward the base of his shaft, and his entire body seemed to freeze up.

"I love your new, red, nail polish, Janet," Anya said casually, as she leaned forward to watch Andre climax.

"I just bought it yesterday," Janet said, stroking him harder.

"You've got him now!" Estelle said excitedly. "Bring him off! Bring him off!"

All the women now started to clap their hands at once, including my aunt, who had been more or less reserved during the entire ritual. Janet's hand now flew up and down in a reckless fashion over the full length of Andre's greasy pole. She held his body firmly now, drawing it closer to hers as her stroking hand, never relenting for a moment, delivered the final tugs that would bring about the eagerly awaited eruption of sperm.

"Explosion imminent!" she cried, as her long, delicate fingers danced and played along the length of him.

Andre threw his head back and let out a howl.

I didn't know it then, but the longer a man abstains from masturbating, and the more he's teased and denied over a period of time, the more forcefully the sperm will shoot out, which is unlikely to occur if this practice is not followed. I had no doubt the women were well aware of this fact, and that was the reason they had teased him so unmercifully. Yet, none of the ladies deemed it necessary to seek cover from his forthcoming explosion, preferring to remain in close proximity in order to see the result of Janet's superb handjob.

Knowing he was ready to cum, Janet pulled viciously upon him with hard, fast strokes, and Andre's prick now began to surrender its gooey load.

Suddenly, I saw something whitish fly across the room at tremendous speed.

"Christ, what a shot!" Lenore exclaimed, as the first arc of sperm sailed right over Greta's head and splashed all over Yin's royal-blue blazer.

The petite, Chinese woman shrieked with laughter as she looked down upon a thick stream of cum that had landed on the right front of her satin blouse. The other women were surprised at the distance the cum had traveled, and they commented favorably about Janet's style.

The next few ejaculations were long, stringy affairs that shot out feebly and hung off the tip of his penis like a trail of white glue. But the next shot was even better than the first.

Playfully aiming Andre's climaxing prick straight up, Janet coaxed out an enormous load of semen that flew up past his head and ricocheted off her left cheek, a portion of it flying out into the audience and landing right in Justine's beautiful, brown hair.

"Oh, fuck!" the stricken woman complained as she ran out of the room.

The women were in hysterics. It wasn't so much the distance his sperm had traveled as it was Justine's reaction to it that aroused the crowd. I had to stuff my face into the nearest coat sleeve to stifle my own outburst or risk being discovered. Janet herself was so overcome with laughter that she had a hard time maintaining a consistent pumping action on Andre's penis. He was now thrusting his lower body forward, trying to force his huge organ in and out of her greasy hand, and sending copious amounts of semen flying out in all directions. One extra-long spurt hit Anya's legs and cascaded down onto her black boots like a river of white lava. Another sticky burst found its way onto both Felicia and Greta's skirts, causing both women to laugh uncontrollably. I'll never forget the look on my aunt's face as the creamy spectacle continued, with several other women, including Estelle and Lenore, receiving at least a small portion of the viscous white fluid that kept squirting out of Andre's prick at the insistence of Janet's uncompromising handjob.

"My God, what a fucking load!" Estelle exclaimed. "Give the girl a hand!"

Everyone broke into a thunderous round of applause for Janet, who obviously had proved more than once that, amongst them, she was the masturbator extraordinaire.

As Andre's orgasm began to subside, Janet released her hand from his prick and left the room to wash her hands. The women who had their bodies and clothes soiled by the experience employed tissues to clean up the mess, or headed to the bathroom if the baptism by sperm proved to much for a mere tissue to clean.

"Look at my floor," my aunt complained to Lenore. "It's all sticky with sperm."

"I'll have Estelle clean it up," Lenore said, amazed at the abundance of semen that now coated the floor.

Estelle's laughter slowly subsided at the thought of performing this unwelcome task. "Why must it always be me?" she asked Lenore. "Why can't Justine clean it this time?"

"Oh, be quiet Estelle," Lenore said. "You act like a child sometimes I swear."

Andre was now wiping his cock with some tissues, uncertain of what to do next.

"Well done, Mr. Wilkins," Lenore told him. "That was a splendid performance. Along with my Sisters I would like to welcome you into the ranks of those who serve the Sisterhood."

Andre looked silly standing there naked with his now flaccid penis glistening with Vaseline and still dripping with sperm, but his exposure only seemed to heighten his pride as he smiled and fell to the floor on one knee.

"I promise to serve you and all the Sisterhood with the utmost devotion, loyalty, and obedience."

"Well said! Now go and get yourself cleaned up and then see Sister Justine who will instruct you further."

Rising to his feet, and with a gentlemanly flourish to Lenore and all the ladies, Andre left the room with his clothes tucked under his arms as the women gave him a tremendous round of applause.

"I swear they do most of their thinking with the head between their legs!" Lenore said to my aunt with a snicker.

When the women who had left the room returned, including the still pouting Justine, Lenore ordered Estelle to clean the mess on the floor and then bring the next man in. She returned a few moments later and halted at the door with a tall, handsome black man at her side. Lenore signaled Justine to turn on a portable stereo and disco music began to play.

"Ladies," Lenore began, "I have a special treat for you right now. May I introduce to you, direct from Chips male burlesque show in Los Angeles, the one and only Portland Turner!"

To the accompaniment of the music, Portland gracefully made his way around the room, throwing confetti into the air and gyrating his body in a very suggestive fashion. He was dressed in a black tuxedo and was all smiles as he went from woman to woman, slowly removing a piece of his clothing here and there or inviting one of the women to do it for him.

Unlike Andre, he was obviously not vying for a servile role within the Sisterhood. I'm sure he had no idea what the Sisterhood was. He was merely there to entertain and amuse the ladies, much as he probably did when he performed his regular routine at the club.

As he continued to dance and strip away his clothing, the women began to interact with him in the most outlandish ways. My aunt, who, for the most part, had been rather subdued while she allowed Lenore and the other women to initiate her into the ways of the Sisterhood, finally broke down and joined the chorus of drunken, chanting women as they teased Portland to remove every bit of his clothing.

At one point during his routine, Zula stood up and started to unbuckle his pants. He stood there, dancing in place, as the sexy black woman pulled down his zipper and then his pants, shouting "My man! My man!" as a pair of lime green thongs was revealed. She gave his ass a hard slap and then he waltzed over to my aunt and thrust his crotch right in her face. She laughed as both she and Lenore reached out and rubbed their hands all over his thighs and lower body. The place was in an uproar.

By this time my legs were quite tired from standing up so long in one spot. Although the closet itself was roomy, I had to contend with things like cardboard boxes and other items, in addition to coats and dresses, which constricted my movements and made me feel trapped. While the commotion was going on outside, I took advantage of the opportunity to pack a few boxes on top of one another, allowing me to sit down and view the proceedings in a more relaxed position.

Portland had now danced his way around every woman in the room and as he moved toward the circle recently vacated by Andre, I saw that he had a huge bulge in his underwear. Lenore and all the other women were calling for him to remove this last vestige of apparel, no doubt desirous to see what he was hiding underneath.

During Andre's initiation-type ceremony, I noticed that my aunt had only taken one drink, as compared to the other women, who were guzzling down liquor without restraint. I think she was taking her lead from Lenore, who also limited her alcohol consumption to only two martinis, and then sat back and watched the drama unfold, much like an armchair general surveying her troops. Like Lenore, she allowed herself to enjoy and be amused by the entertainment provided, but there were limits to her self-indulgence, especially when she felt her control was not being meticulously maintained. It seemed to me that she admired Lenore and was taking this opportunity to appraise the older woman's sense of style and leadership. Although my aunt was a great lover of life and all its pleasures, she was wise enough to know when to sit things out and let others run the show. In this way, my aunt learned more about Lenore and the Sisterhood than if she had let her ego get in the way, thereby settling for only a superficial understanding of this mysterious cult and its even more mysterious leader.

As I pondered these thoughts, Portland was slowly removing his thong. At first he lowered it so that only the tip of his penis was visible, which brought a bunch of howls from the women. He danced around for a time in this fashion, with only the head of his cock exposed. Then, without warning, and in time with an abrupt halt in the music, he walked over to Zula and invited her to remove the flimsy garment. She stood up against him and with both hands pulled his thong completely down, revealing the most enormous penis I had ever seen. The ladies cheered wildly at the sight of his towering shaft, which now bobbed up and down and back and forth as he gyrated his body in time to the music.

"It's a tube steak!" Anya cried, so drunk that she could barely sit up straight.

"It's a black beauty!" Zula shouted, clapping her approval.

I thought Delvin was big, but Portland was at least a few inches longer and the shaft appeared to be a lot thicker too. I wondered what my horny cousin would have thought of it and laughed.

Lenore looked at the stiff, black pole with hunger. Suddenly rushing over to him, she fell to her knees and stuffed the head of his massive tool into her mouth, using both hands to play with his huge testicles that hung like two over-ripe plums from the base of his cock. Portland's face registered surprise and then complete rapture as Lenore worked vigorously on his magnificent prick. In less than a minute, his cock was dripping pre-cum, and the women were begging her to finish him off.

"No," she said, removing him from her mouth. "There is one little piece of business yet to attend to." She looked at my aunt and motioned for her to approach. "Phoebe," she said, "have you ever masturbated any other man while married to your husband?"

"No, Lenore," my aunt replied with a questioning look.

"Well, it's about time. Come over here and finish what I've started."

My aunt started to move toward her but stopped halfway.

"I'm a married woman, Lenore. If this should ever get back to Pierre..."

"Are we of the Sisterhood not sworn to secrecy on pain of...I need not mention it."

I knew what Lenore meant: on pain of death! Once again I sought shelter in the fur-lined arms of my aunt's most luxurious winter coat.

"Yes," my aunt replied, "that's true. But I'd feel like I'm being unfaithful."

This statement was greeted by a chorus of moans.

"I'm not asking you to have sex with him, only a quick handjob and that's all."

Seeing my aunt still vacillating, Lenore's expression suddenly turned dark.

"You must do this Phoebe or it will go against you with the other Sisters."

As my aunt considered what to do, the other women goaded and prodded her into complying with Lenore's demands, informing her that many of them were also married, yet enjoyed controlling men and that she would enjoy it too.

"You're getting off light," Felicia said to my aunt. "During my initiation ceremony I had to give a guy a blowjob and was forced to swallow the whole load."

"Don't let her kid you," Gertrude said. "Most of it ended up on her face!"

Janet crossed her beautiful long legs and laughed. "I love my husband too, Phoebe, but I also love to give handjobs. Go ahead, you've got a nice big one to work on."

More words of encouragement followed until, at last, my aunt acquiesced and took Portland's ample penis in her hands. Unable to get her fingers completely around it, she laughed.

"My God!" she exclaimed as she examined the monstrous black snake. "How big are you?"

"I'm eleven and one-half inches long and two inches around, miss," Portland said proudly.

"Jesus Christ!" Janet cried. "Fuck Andre, I should have waited for him!"

The ladies were ecstatic.

My aunt worked on his cock with slow, easy strokes, enjoying the feel of it in her hands and the power she had over this powerfully built man.

"Doesn't it feel good, Phoebe?" Lenore asked. "To be able to control such a big, strong man in this fashion?"

"Yes, it does," my aunt replied, as one hand pumped his cock and the other squeezed his balls.

"Is Pierre as big as Mr. Turner?"

My aunt laughed. "No. He's rather quite small actually."

"Then this is a treat for you," Lenore said. "And this is just the beginning. Soon a whole new world will be opened up to you in which you will be the mistress and the men will be controlled by you—just like this little puppy dog here."

Urged on by the exhortations of the women, and by my aunt's blistering handjob, Portland got ready to surrender his creamy load.

"I notice that you keep looking at Janet's legs," Lenore said to him.

"I can't...I can't help myself," he replied breathlessly. "They're the most...beautiful legs...I've ever seen."

"Well then go ahead and shoot your cum all over them," Lenore ordered. "Come on, Janet," she said, "push your chair up and stick out those lovely legs of yours so that Mr. Turner can apply some of his skin lotion to them."

Janet was so drunk and turned on that she obeyed immediately, placing both her bare feet on each of his thighs as she sat back to await her christening by sperm.

"Shoot that fucking, nasty, hot cream all over my legs you black bastard!" she commanded him.

That was all it took. Ordering my aunt to point his enormous prick directly at her legs, Portland screamed with joy as the first spurt of cock juice shot out of him and splashed into Janet's right knee, making a thick trail of white that extended all the way up to her thigh.

"Yes!" she said, overjoyed, as my aunt intensified her stroking.

Two more huge blasts followed in quick succession, one decorating her left leg from ankle to knee; the other missing her leg altogether and flying over her head to land in Greta's lap.

"On her legs, Phoebe!" Greta protested, as she tried to wipe away the cum with a tissue.

Everyone laughed at the wayward cum shot and commented favorably on the distance and volume of his orgasm. My aunt seemed to be truly enjoying herself as she watched in awe as several more thick ropes of sperm were launched from Portland's cock, all of which wound up as massive clumps of paste on Janet's legs.

"I love it!" she cried, as she massaged the creamy effluence into her thighs.

Portland shot off a few more rounds and then fell to the floor in a heap.

"That was the best damn handjob I ever had!" he said, breathing heavily and looking up at my aunt with an adoring look.

"Thank you. That was so much fun," she replied as she wiped the sperm off her hands with a tissue.

A few of the women helped Janet clean up the mess on her legs with a bunch of tissues. She looked ready to pass out.

"Great cum shot, Portland! Great cum shot!" she said laughing.

Lenore waltzed over to my aunt and congratulated her, taking a moment to officially welcome her into the Sisterhood.

"You are now one of us," she said to my aunt as she shook her hand firmly.

"Thank you, Lenore. Is there anything else I need to do?"

"No, you are now a lifelong member." She turned to Portland. "You may go now young man. You put on a wonderful show."

"Thank you, ma'm...ladies," he said, as he gathered his clothes and made a hasty retreat to a hearty round of applause.

"That wasn't so bad now, was it?" Lenore asked my aunt.

"No, not at all," she replied. "I actually enjoyed it."

"Wait until you visit the Masturbatorium," Estelle said. That's really something to experience."

All the other women readily agreed.

"What's the Masturbatorium?" my aunt asked.

"No," Lenore said to Estelle. "She'll find out soon enough. I want it to be a surprise."

My aunt pressed Lenore and the others for more information, but she was told no more. Consoling herself with a second drink, she invited everyone back out onto the lanai. As they started to leave, I saw my chance to escape and took it. Happy to be released from my confined surroundings, I went to the window to watch the procession of drunken women make a wobbly sojourn onto the patio. When I was certain that the last of them had gone, I immediately called for a cab and dashed out of the house. I had the cab meet me at the gated entrance abutting the street so that no one could possibly witness my escape. I arrived at the theater just as the movie had ended and the people were exiting. Brittany was the one who saw me first.

"Hi Holly!" she said, chewing a wad of bubblegum. "Feeling better?"

I assured her that I was all right.

"You missed two great movies."

Before I could respond, I saw Angelique and Megan fight their way toward me from within the crowd.

"Well look who's here!" my cousin said, giving my shoulder a pat. "Did you make it home?"

"No," I lied. "I hung out at the beach and puked my brains out. But I'm better now."

"I hope you didn't do it in front of any boys," Megan said.

"When you've got to puke, you puke Megan—boys or no boys—if you're human!" Angelique said jokingly.

"Ha, ha," Megan said, not amused.

The four of us spent the rest of the day and most of the evening within the microcosm of that wonderful mall, buying everything we could get our spoiled little hands on. Jake picked us up at 9:00 PM as he promised, and we were dutifully home by 10:00 PM, as we had promised my aunt.

When we arrived back at the house, I found the servants back at their usual chores, as if they had never left. My aunt greeted us warmly, eagerly inspecting our recent fashion acquisitions and commenting excitedly when she came upon what she thought was a unique treasure. She asked us how we had enjoyed our day and was sorry to hear that I had been taken ill. She felt bad that I had chosen to spend part of the day at the beach alone, but she never intimated that I should have come home, and I think she was relieved that her plans had not been compromised, which of course, they were.

Lenore, Justine, and Estelle had gone out for the evening, and I was grateful that I wouldn't have to confront them, especially Lenore, afraid that my knowledge of their cult practices might somehow be revealed in my facial expressions, and interpreted by their perceptive leader as infinite treachery and warranting immediate death. My aunt seemed to be her normal self, offering absolutely no hint of the wanton creature she had become earlier that day. But the truth was, although I still loved her, she had done those sordid things and I could never look upon her in quite the same way. In truth, I was being extremely judgmental, but as I grew in wisdom and experience, I found myself applauding her actions and eventually wanting to be just like her.

That night, Megan, Brittany, and I were once again entertained by some sexy DVDs Angelique had somehow managed to acquire. However, after what I had seen earlier that day, the videos seemed tame by comparison.

Delvin and Maria showed up around 1:00 AM and proceeded directly to bed, where we were again treated to a superlative sex show. Angelique repeated her performance of the night before by giving herself an immense orgasm as she watched, like the rest of us, with our faces pasted against the wall. It was the last night Maria would spend with Delvin as she was going to Europe to record a German version of her latest hit song. This gave my cousin an idea.

"It's open season as far as I'm concerned," she said later while Brittany and Megan were sleeping. "With Maria gone I'm going to have him all to myself."

"Isn't he going to Germany to join her?" I asked.

"Not for another week," she said happily.

"What are you going to do?"

Without a pause she said, "I'm going to make him forget about her and pay more attention to me."

"How are you going to do that?"

"I have my ways," she said with a sinister laugh.

Angelique was a lot like her mother, with one very important exception. Where my aunt was circumspect in her dealings with people, Angelique was blatantly direct, often foregoing the usual formalities most people take for granted. I also knew better than to underestimate her once she had made up her mind.

"Are you going to tell me?" I inquired.

"No," she said flatly. "Now go to sleep."

If I had known the thoughts that were running through her head that night, I would have hopped into the nearest cab and headed straight for home, never to return. Yet, the events I had witnessed earlier that day struck a sympathetic chord deep within me, forcing me to wonder about the power women had over men in ways both base and sublime. What my cousin had planned was sure to involve the former, but I decided then and there that there was nothing she could muster up that could ever hope to top what I had seen with the Sisterhood. Little did I know that Delvin, and the four of us, were soon going to experience something only the wicked imagination of my cousin could produce. And even more surprising, I would become a willing participant in the execution of her dastardly schemes.

As she and the other girls slept, I found myself wide awake, thinking about how much I wanted to tell my cousin all about the sordid affair that recently took place in my aunt's study. If I could have peered into Angelique's perverse mind, I might not have been so reticent to expose her mother's involvement with the secret society of women. But the lingering fear that somehow my treachery might be exposed by some unknown means available only to the Sisterhood prevented me from uttering a word to anyone. And so, I lived with the clandestine knowledge of the Sisterhood for a long time to come, secure in the realization that safety lie in silence.

************


With Maria gone and Delvin in between recording sessions, our object of endearment found himself spending inordinate amounts of time either swimming or lounging by the pool. The Spanish beauty whom we had watched him have sex with several nights in a row had been gone for almost a week, and her absence was beginning to take its toll on Delvin's libido. My cousin and our two friends found, to our delight, that he was now focusing his attentions upon us, particularly Angelique, and whenever my aunt Phoebe wasn't around, he would make subtle sexual innuendos to my long-legged cousin, who ate up every morsel of flattery as though it were some fancy Parisian delicacy.

I liked Delvin and thought he was very cute, and Brittany and Megan seemed to share my opinion of the pop star. But Angelique was thoroughly obsessed with the handsome boy, and made no attempt to disguise her feelings about him to us. Of course, in his presence she was forced to act contrary to her usual forthright nature by feigning casual indifference—first, to keep her mother off track, and second, not to give Delvin the upper hand by thinking he had some power over her. It must have been difficult for her to play this game of cat and mouse with him, but I knew Angelique. I knew she was formulating a plan of action, and she would not implement it until all the pieces were in place. As far as Delvin was concerned, he could not afford to offend my aunt by making any overt gestures toward her daughter. For one thing, he considered my aunt his friend, and for another, he was already involved with Maria.

Finally, after days of teasing each other with thinly disguised erotic banter, and swimming together in the pool where he would find any excuse to touch her, Angelique called for a little conference by the pool when no one else was around. The meeting took place just after she and Delvin had been swimming. Her hair was still dripping wet as she took a chair beside me, and we watched as Delvin went into the house, giving us all a broad smile as he walked by. I took a sip of my soda and watched as her eyes followed him into the house.

"Have any of you ever smoked pot?" Angelique asked us.

"I have," Brittany said.

"Honest?"

"I swear. My brother let me try it a few times."

"I've never tried it," Megan admitted. "I don't think I'd like it."

"Why am I not surprised?" Angelique stated with a smirk. "How about you Holly?"

"Nope," I said, wondering where this was all leading.

Angelique thought for a moment and then spoke in a whisper, glancing over our heads to see if anyone might be within earshot.

"Okay, this is the thing," she began. "Delvin's got some stuff and he wants us to smoke it with him."

"No way!" Brittany squealed.

"Tonight," Angelique continued. "In his room!"

She smiled mischievously, and soon the three of us were begging her to give us the details.

"In his room?" Megan asked excitedly. "Are you going to do it?"

"You mean are we going to do it?" Angelique said, correcting her. "Yes, of course! Are you crazy?"

"I can't wait!" Brittany said, almost spitting up her soda.

My cousin must have seen a look of reluctance on my face because she began staring at me with her hypnotic blue eyes.

"Holly, you have to do this."

It was said as a directive.

"No, I don't."

"I'm not going alone."

"But what if your mother finds out?"

"She's going out tonight to meet Lenore and the rest of her friends. It's only going to be Delvin, the four us, and a couple of servants, and I know how to handle them."

"It's too risky."

"It's too risky!" she said, mocking me. "Everything you do is a fucking risk. Are you in or not?"

"Come on, Holly," Megan pleaded. "It won't be the same if you're not there."

What Megan really meant was that she didn't want to be left alone with the more frivolous half of our foursome.

"Holly's going to watch us through the peep hole," Brittany said, making a funny face.

Angelique kept staring at me with those enormous blue eyes of hers, willing me to submit to the demands of the group.

"Are you in or not?" she asked again, tapping the underside of my bare feet with her own in a playful manner.

"I thought you wanted him all to yourself anyway," I said, feeling myself slowly acquiesce as I thought of his sexy smile.

"Not tonight," she said. "I have other plans in mind for him tonight."

"Like what?" I asked, finding this humorous.

"You have to be there to find out," she replied. "So, are you in?"

We're just going to smoke a little pot right?"

"Yeah."

"And then what?"

She looked at me with a hint of annoyance.

"I don't know. Maybe listen to some of his CDs, you know...play around a little..."

Brittany laughed aloud. "Angelique wants to play around with his big horse dick!"

"You mean his donkey dong!" Megan offered.

"I didn't say that!" my cousin snapped.

End of Chapter 1

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 02
byfmcchris©

"But you're thinking about it!" Brittany snapped back.

"Oh, you're such an ass Brittany," she replied, turning on the girl. "Okay, so what if he does pull it out? Are you going to run away?"

"I won't run away," Brittany replied. "But I'm not going to touch it either."

"I don't even want to get near that thing," Megan said with a grimace.

Angelique looked like she had just bit into a lemon.

"That's just like you, Megan. You think the only thing a boy does with his cock is pee with it. Get real!"

Brittany chuckled at my cousin's remark.

"Don't tell us you're thinking of giving him some hand action," she said, jerking her hand back and forth.

"I might," Angelique said coyly. "Why? Do you want to watch?"

"You mean like those girls in those movies you have, where the naked men have to jerk off for the clothed women?"

"Maybe," she replied with a wicked smile.

"Yes!" Brittany exclaimed. "That would be so unbelievable!"

"I'll watch," Megan said, not wanting to be left out. "But I'm not going to touch it."

"Of course not," Angelique said tersely. "I don't think your hands will ever touch a penis."

"You know what happens when you start playing around with a guy's dick."

"Yes, I know what happens, but you don't."

"I do too," she said. "They ejaculate."

"Oh my God!" Angelique said, mocking her. "Do you think?"

If my cousin had known that, only a week before, her own mother had given a strange man a handjob, she might have felt that genetics did indeed spell one's destiny.

"Okay," I said, interrupting their argument. "I'm in."

The two girls fell silent for a moment and then Angelique laughed.

"Yes!" she said happily. "This is going to be great!"

************

I never understood how Delvin came to be such good friends with my aunt Phoebe. Even Angelique was hazy on this issue when I asked her for details. From what I gleaned from her sketchy account, a few years ago Delvin and his parents were in Paris during a charity event hosted by my aunt and my uncle Pierre in which Delvin was the star performer. He was already a pop star in the United States, and now his fame was spreading quickly across Europe. It was during this fundraiser that he met my aunt, and the two of them soon became fast friends. My aunt, being the liberal-minded hedonist that she was, invited Delvin to visit her at her home in San Diego, where she spent most of the summer with her daughter and sometimes her husband. Delvin was a polite, easy-going, and friendly young man, and my aunt was captivated by his great warmth and charm. It was an unusual friendship that raised a few eyebrows among my own immediate family, but it was an attraction of spiritual equals, foregoing any hint of sexual interest, and made exemplary by its lack of it.

It was because of this great friendship that Delvin felt compelled to act the role of a gentleman with my aunt's daughter, rather than do anything to incur her displeasure. Yet, it seemed that his will to control himself around my sexy cousin was rapidly fading as of late. It was pretty obvious to me and everyone else that he was enamored of her, and she of him. And my aunt, being one of the most perspicacious people on earth, could not have failed to be cognizant of the situation, despite her preoccupation with Lenore and the Sisterhood. Although she chose to remain neutral in the whole affair, I could not help but believe that she felt Angelique was old enough to know what to do without her guidance. This attitude would have been consistent with my aunt's own hedonistic philosophy. How far that philosophy extended in regards to her daughter I didn't know. But judging by the fact that she thought nothing of setting the four of us up next to Delvin's bedroom indicated that she gave her daughter great latitude in making her own decisions.

In comparison to my own mother, or most mothers for that matter, my aunt's liaise faire attitude concerning Angelique's bold sexuality would have been seen as bordering on indifference. I did not believe this myself, however, because my aunt loved Angelique dearly, and she took an active interest in her daughter's life. But there is a big difference between love and possessiveness, and my aunt was anything but possessive. Therefore, my cousin grew up in an atmosphere wherein she felt comfortable about her own sexuality and could talk with her mother about sexual matters without the usual trepidation most young girls feel when discussing, what is to them, an uncomfortable subject. And being possessed of a bold and insightful personality made Angelique a natural leader among us, even though at times I felt she was a little too headstrong for her own good.

Delvin had agreed to meet with us in his bedroom just after midnight. The four of us tried to dress up such that we would be appealing to his sense of style, so we all wound up looking like carbon copies of his girlfriend Maria: high-heeled shoes; short, bright, neon skirts in four different colors; halter tops with midriff exposed; hair long and windblown; makeup to the max; approximately one ton of jewelry a piece; and Gucci shades. By the time we were finished, we looked like we had just popped out of some men's magazine, and we could have easily passed for a bunch of groupies.

"Wow!" Angelique remarked as I came out of the bathroom in my new apparel. "You look just like a whore!"

"Or a porno star!" Brittany suggested.

I took a long look at them and admitted that they, too, looked every bit the part as I did.

Megan, however, just stood next to them looking nervous. Out of all of us, I think she was the most hesitant to attend this "pot" party.

"I can't believe we're going to do this," she said anxiously as she took a look at herself in the hallway mirror.

"Jesus!" Angelique said. "You've got one of the greatest pop singers in the world in my house and you're complaining?"

"She always complains," Brittany said dully.

"I don't always complain, Brittany," Megan retorted. "It's just...you know...it's a little weird with the four of us and...him."

"Do you want me to hold your hand," Angelique said, sarcastically.

"No, it's not that. I just feel... I just think it's...wrong."

The three of us looked at her as though at any minute she was going to run out of the room and head for home.

"Why do you think it's wrong, Megan?" I asked.

She looked at me as though I should have guessed the answer.

"He's had lots of women...you know...like groupies and stuff. He's like a man already."

"We're not going to have sex with him. We're just going to play some music and smoke a little pot."

"But Angelique wants to do other things with him."

At this point my cousin lost her patience with the timid girl.

"Oh, fuck Megan! If he puts his hands on my tits and you start freaking out, you can leave all right? No one will stop you."

"What if he tries to put his hands on my tits?" Brittany teased.

"I don't care," Megan said. "Just don't let him treat you like Maria, like you're his girlfriend or something."

"Why?" my cousin replied. "Because you think he'll want to fuck me?"

"Yes."

Angelique laughed. "He'd have an easier time trying to fuck Holly than he would me. He's not going anywhere near me. Not until I say so."

We made a pact there and then that none of us would have sex with Delvin, although that did not preclude what Angelique called "fooling around."

"Well, we have to have a little fun," she said when Megan's face registered dismay. "It's Delvin Wade for Christ's sake!"

None of us knew exactly what she meant by "fun," but we all knew that it meant more than just listening to his latest hit song or getting high on pot. Just before we got ready to head for his room, we gave each other a quick once-over to make sure everything was in place.

"Jesus, you're beautiful, Holly," Angelique said as she adjusted my barrettes.

"Yeah, but Delvin likes you the best."

"Are you jealous?"

"No, but if I'm so beautiful why do I have so much trouble keeping boyfriends?"

Angelique suddenly grabbed my by the shoulders and spun me around.

"I told you," she said in a serious tone. "You've got to loosen up a little bit. You can have fun with a guy but you have to know when to stop."

"But when a boy gets carried away..."

"You stop him!" she said. "I mean if he's doing something you don't like. Or else get a new boyfriend. The thing is, Holly, you're the one in control. You tell him what to do, not the other way around."

"That's my problem. I'm too nice."

Angelique kissed me on the cheek.

"With the way you look, you can afford to be a bitch sometimes."

"Come on, you guys," Brittany said impatiently. "Let's go."

We could smell the pot emanating from Delvin's room even before he opened the door. Megan still looked a bit apprehensive, but seeing how excited the rest of us were seemed to improve her mood somewhat.

"Looks like he started without us," she said dourly. "God! That stuff wreaks!"

The smell was quite strong, but it was nothing compared to the overwhelming cloud of smoke that greeted us as he opened the door. Wearing only a pair of black bathing trunks and a matching tee shirt, he welcomed us into his room with his usual captivating charm.

A smoky mist hung over the entire room and I immediately asked for a glass of water. He happily complied with my request and invited us all to sit down on a large, black, leather sofa a few feet away from an armchair upon which he had been sitting. He was thrilled to see us, and complimented us highly on our choice of apparel, more than once using words like "sexy" and "hot" to describe our appearance. I was a bit disappointed that he didn't think enough of us to dress up a little nicer. But, he was, after all, a star, and we were his guests.

"Man, it looks like I'm seeing the colors of the rainbow!" he exclaimed, as we sat down next to him.

Angelique sat closest to him, followed by Megan, Brittany, and me: four iridescent songbirds all in a row, paying homage to their hero.

"You ladies ready to join me in a little weed?" he asked us.

Without waiting for a response, he pulled out a small, leather pouch containing several joints and began to light one up.

I had never been in this particular room before and I had to admit that it was quite large—about the size of a spacious one-bedroom apartment. Some of his music was playing softly in the background, and upon his bed were strewn dozens of CDs and music trade papers. Surveying the room, I noticed that it contained a full kitchen and bath, with every amenity possible. There were two windows that looked out onto the garden, and a door just outside the hallway, which had proved a handy entrance for his late-night trysts with Maria.

"I can't believe I'm sitting here with four beautiful women!" Delvin said as he passed a lit joint to Angelique. "And you look so...mature."

"That's the makeup," Brittany said.

"If I didn't know any better, I'd think you girls were working the streets in downtown LA."

Angelique took a long drag and held her breath, passing the joint to Megan.

"This isn't going to make me sick, is it?" Megan asked him.

"No babe. No way. Just inhale a little bit and hold your breath for a while. You'll be fine."

"Go ahead, Megan," Brittany said. "Don't be such a baby!"

Megan put the joint to her lips and took a drag, but she ended up coughing and begged me for a sip of my water. On the second try she did much better, managing to hold her breath for a full ten seconds before exhaling. She then handed the joint to Brittany.

"So, you think we look like sluts, huh?" Angelique asked Delvin, as she studied his muscular torso.

"Yeah, but that's a compliment. All you bitches today want to look like Maria and Christina, right?"

"I don't," I said. "We just dressed up like this because we thought you'd like it."

"I do baby, I do!" he assured us. "I'd be proud to have any one of you girls with me onstage anytime."

"Really?" Brittany said, excited by this news but continuing to hold her breath. "Can I do a music video with you?"

"Maybe, baby, maybe. I'll have to talk to my manager first."

"Oh, that would be so great! I can sing too, you know."

"She sounds like a cat when you step on its tail," Angelique said.

"I can sing better than you!"

"In your dreams!"

It looked to me like Brittany was starting to turn blue.

"Exhale girl! What the hell are you doing?" Delvin shouted to the teary-eyed girl.

Brittany exhaled a cloud of smoke and then coughed loudly several times.

"I wanted to hold it in for maximum effect," she said, reaching for my glass of water.

"Maximum effect?" Delvin scoffed. "You're going to kill yourself that way!"

Brittany took a long drink of water and looked around at all of us.

"Do I look like I'm getting high yet?" she laughed.

"Shut up, Brittany, and pass the weed to Holly," Angelique ordered.

As I took the strange, cigarette-like thing in my hands, I felt a little nervous, not knowing what effect this drug would eventually have upon me. But if Megan, who was the most timid among us, had done it, then I could too. Raising the joint to my mouth I inhaled slowly, feeling the hot smoke enter into my lungs. I didn't cough, which surprised me and everyone else.

"This your first time?" Delvin asked.

I shook my head as I continued to hold my breath.

"That's all right," he said, seemingly impressed with my ability.

I passed the joint to him.

"No. You give that to Angelique. "I've been smoking for the past two hours now."

"I thought we were all going to do this together," my cousin said to him as I passed her the joint.

"I'm sorry, babe," he said apologetically. "I had to have my fix. But you girls go right ahead. You're doing fine."

Delvin sat there in his chair looking eminently satisfied as we continued to pass the joint back and forth between us. When we were done, he lit up another one and we performed the entire procedure all over again. I don't remember to this day which one of us was the first to get stoned. Maybe it happened to us all at the same time. All I can remember is that anything anybody said was instantly perceived as being humorous, and we couldn't stop ourselves from laughing. Megan was the only one of us who seemed immune from this effect, and she took great enjoyment in admonishing us when she felt we were getting too boisterous.

"We should be talking about more serious things," she said.

"Like what, baby?" Delvin inquired.

She looked pensive for a moment and then, in an unexpected marijuana-induced moment, said, "Angelique wants to know...how big your thing is."

"My what?" the startled boy asked.

The girls and I were in hysterics. Even Angelique, who at first looked a little peeved, couldn't stop herself from laughing.

"Your member!" Brittany said, explaining.

Delvin looked at us as though we had all suddenly lost our minds. The truth was that we were laughing so hard that he couldn't get a word in edgewise.

"I think she means your dick!" Angelique squealed.

"Or your schlong!" I said, barely able to get the words out of my mouth.

He continued to stare at us and then shook his head in wonderment at our sudden impulse to hurl sexual slurs at him. We must have seemed at that moment nothing more than a pack of wild hyenas to the puzzled boy.

"Man, I gave you girls too much of that shit. You're going to give me a heart attack if you keep this up."

This statement made us laugh even more. I was beginning to feel that our prolonged merriment—at Delvin's expense—was beginning to turn him off.

"Don't listen to them Delvin," I said, trying to calm myself down. "They're just perverts."

"Listen to you!" Angelique shot back. "You're no better!"

"I didn't poke holes in the wall."

"The holes were already there."

Delvin looked confused. "What holes? What the fuck are you talking about?"

"Go ahead," I said to my cousin. "Why don't you tell him the truth?"

"What truth?" he asked, turning to Angelique.

She looked at me as though she wanted to choke me.

"Why did you have to open your big mouth, Holly?" she snapped.

"Tell him," I said again.

"Tell me what?" Delvin demanded.

Angelique and I looked at each other in silence.

"Will somebody tell me what the fuck is going on?" Delvin insisted as he looked from face to face for an answer.

I realized that the influence of the pot had made me reveal something I shouldn't have, and I just hung my head down, refusing to meet my cousin's angry stare.

"You better tell him, Angelique," Brittany said, trying to be diplomatic.

"Oh, shit," my cousin said, frowning. "This was supposed to be our secret. Remember, Holly?"

I continued to look down without answering.

"What's your secret, girl?" he said to Angelique. "Tell me."

"She won't tell you because she's afraid that you'll think she's weird," Brittany said. "Which she is anyway."

Delvin smiled. "I won't think you're weird, baby," he said to my cousin. "Come on. I'll keep your secret."

Angelique looked at him but said nothing.

"We saw you having sex with Maria," Megan said suddenly.

Delvin's eyes opened wide.

"You saw me having sex with my girlfriend? How the hell did you do that?"

It wasn't said in an angry way, but he was clearly mystified as to how we could have possibly managed to pull off such a prodigious feat.

"Another big mouth!" Angelique said, angry at Megan's disclosure.

This didn't seem to stop Megan from continuing, however.

"We watched you through those holes over there," she said, pointing to the adjoining wall.

"What are you talking about?" he asked, looking in the same direction. "There are no holes in that wall."

"Oh yes there are!" Megan said with a giggle.

He peered through the thick haze of pot, trying to see where the mysterious holes might be.

"I don't see any holes," he said, thinking we were just teasing him.

"They're there," I assured him.

Intrigued, Delvin got out of his chair and approached the wall, running his hands over the surface looking for an opening.

"Farther down," Megan said.

Delvin continued to poke around until he gave a little yelp.

"Damn!" he said, as his finger poked through the small, wooden chips and disappeared inside one after another. "You've been spying on me and my woman all this time?"

For a moment I thought he was going to be angry with us, but after looking through a few of the tiny apertures, he burst out laughing.

"Man, this is great!" he said, slapping his hand against the wall. "Whose idea was this anyway?"

We all indicated that it was Angelique's idea.

"I should've known," he said, looking straight at her. "I wonder if I should tell your mother about this."

He didn't say this in a threatening way, but my cousin's face immediately registered fear.

"No!" she said. "Please don't, Delvin!" We didn't mean any harm. We told you about it, right?"

"It's okay. It's okay," he laughed reassuringly. "I won't say anything. I promise."

After promising her several more times that he would keep our secret, Angelique finally began to relax and lit up another joint, which she passed around to the rest of us. Delvin sat next to her, smoking an oversized joint that he had made especially for himself.

"You girls are really lewd," he observed, as he glanced toward the wall we had used as our secret gateway into his private world. "How much did you see anyway?"

The four of us once again got a bad case of the giggles.

"Everything!" Megan said, as she passed the joint to Brittany.

"What do you mean by 'everything'?"

Brittany was just about to put the joint in her mouth, but paused.

"I think she means we saw your...you know..."

Here she paused again and without another word, took a long drag

Seeing that she was not going to finish her sentence, Angelique volunteered to provide the missing word.

"Dick," she said bluntly.

At the mention of the word, all of us, including Delvin, had a laughing fit.

"Man, you just come out and say what you feel, don't you?" he said to Angelique.

"Well, it's the truth," she replied in a matter-of-fact tone.

"Yeah, but...hey...are you putting me on?"

"Maybe a little," she replied coyly as she lifted her long legs to rest on the coffee table.

"Maybe a lot!" Brittany laughed, aware as I was of Angelique's deft and calculated maneuver.

It had the desired effect. Delvin's eyes now rested upon her lovely limbs as he inhaled deeply.

"Where did you get legs like that?" he asked my cousin. "Half of your body is made up of those fine-looking stems."

"It's genetics," Megan interjected. "Mrs. Anjou has nice legs too."

"No argument here," Delvin said. "But you know...all you girls have great legs and you're all damned good-looking too."

Megan saw this as an opportunity to remind him of his earlier promise.

"Pretty enough to be in one of your videos?"

"Maybe," he said, unable to keep his eyes off Angelique's legs.

I had to admit that I was a little bit jealous of my cousin's long and beautifully sculptured legs. The only real difference between her legs and mine was that hers were about an inch or two longer. And it was due to this difference in height that made her legs seem more graceful than mine.

"So," Delvin began, as he peered at us through the fog of marijuana. "Did you guys get off on watching me and Maria fuck?"

Megan, Brittany, and I laughed nervously, but confessed that we found their lovemaking a huge turn-on. Angelique's response was to remove her shoes so that Delvin could get a good look at her sexy feet.

"I know Angelique enjoyed it," I said, remembering how she had pleasured herself from watching him and Maria engage in sex.

"Oh, shut up, Holly," she replied with an admonishing stare.

Delvin's eyes now fell upon my cousin's lovely feet with their long, well-proportioned toes and nails that were adorned with a lustrous pink polish. He sighed heavily and took another drag.

"No, it's okay. It's all right," he said. "There's nothing wrong with people getting off watching other people have sex. I do it all the time."

"You do?" Megan asked, surprised.

"Absolutely. You see that rack over there? There's nothing but adult movies in it."

He pointed to a huge, black wall cabinet completely filled with DVDs.

"Wow," Brittany said. "Can I see them?"

"Help yourself. You can all check them out."

The four of us got up and went to inspect his private collection of porn while he continued to smoke.

"Hey, Angelique," Megan said, drawing my cousin's attention to a DVD she was holding in her hand. "You have this one too."

Megan held up a DVD cover of a naked man being spanked by two well-dressed women. Delvin laughed.

"Hey, man! That's my favorite movie! You into CFNM, Angelique?"

"She's got tons of this stuff in her room," I said, laughing at the fact that many of the DVDs contained a similar theme.

"No shit?" Delvin remarked.

"Yeah," Angelique replied, giving me a nasty look. "No shit."

Delvin enjoyed watching us sift through his collection as we sat on the floor in front of him. His vast library contained pornography of all sorts, but there was a preponderance of CFNM-related content, sometimes featuring men in submissive roles before one or more dominant women.

"Oh, I love this!" Brittany giggled as she handed a DVD to me.

"Which one is that?" Delvin asked.

I held up the DVD for him to see.

"Oh, that one!" he laughed. "That's a classic!"

The cover featured a completely naked man with his hands on his erect penis, masturbating himself for the amusement of four attractive looking women who were standing around him. It looked like it was staged in someone's apartment.

"He looks so stupid standing there like that naked," Megan said, laughing at the picture.

"He's supposed to look stupid," Angelique said. "That's the whole idea."

Delvin took a final drag on his joint and chuckled.

"She's got it," he said. "Angelique knows what it's all about."

My cousin looked at him through the corner of her eyes and smiled.

"Well, I don't understand," Megan complained. "What's so sexy about this picture?"

"Some guys like being controlled by women, Megan," Angelique said. "It excites them. Get it?"

"I think it's stupid."

"You think everything is stupid."

"Yeah, Megan," Brittany chimed in. "You never want to try anything new. You always put everything down."

"No, I don't," Megan protested.

"Yes, you do," Angelique said. "Like that picture of that girl with the cum..."

Suddenly, Angelique stopped short, embarrassed that she had used a word she would not normally use when Delvin was around. Delvin, who had been mildly amused by their argument, now looked at us in a different light, as though he was getting to see, for the first time, the perverse little voyeurs we really were.

"What did you say, Angelique?" he asked her.

"You heard me," she replied without looking at him.

"Did you say...cum?"

"Yeah, so what?"

"So finish what you were saying."

Megan laughed. "She's too embarrassed!"

"I'm not embarrassed," my cousin said.

It was difficult to catch Angelique off her guard, and she had been clearly put on the spot by her faux pas. But, being the most adept at controlling her feelings, she soon regained her emotional equilibrium and went on the offensive once more.

"I was saying," she began, giving Megan a sarcastic look, "that Megan got upset when she saw a picture of a girl with cum on her face. She thinks it's gross."

"Gross?" Delvin said to Megan. "That's part of sex, girl. It's no big deal."

"Well, I don't like it," she replied. "And I don't like these movies either."

"How do you know that?" he asked. "Have you ever seen one of them?"

"No. Angelique hasn't played any of them for us yet."

"Then how do you know?"

Brittany grabbed Megan by the shoulder and shook her.

"See?" she said. "I told you she doesn't like to try anything new."

"That's too bad," Delvin said. "I think you might enjoy them."

"Why don't we play one?" I suggested, anxious to stop the bickering and curious myself to see what was so special about them.

"All right, Holly!" Delvin said with a big grin. "You girls up for it?"

"I am," Brittany said.

"I've seen this stuff before," Angelique said. "But if you want to play them, I'll watch."

"What about you, Megan?" Delvin asked her. "You might like it."

Afraid of being accused any further that she was indeed a spoilsport, as Angelique had unmistakably pointed out, she reluctantly agreed to watch the DVD with us on the condition that if it offended her, she would leave.

"No problem, Megan," Delvin agreed.

After searching through several different titles, we finally decided to watch the one Delvin had referred to as a "classic." As the movie began, the four of us sat down on the floor around the TV, while Delvin remained in his armchair sipping a Coke.

The scene opened up with an attractive blonde man, probably in his early twenties, peering out from a partially opened closet door to spy on a pretty brunette woman, presumably his boss, who was at her desk happily conversing with someone on the phone. From his vantage point, the man could see the woman's sexy legs, which were crossed at the knee, and the camera focused on his face and then her legs to let the audience know that this was his particular fetish. As she talked, he let his pants and underwear fall down around his ankles, exposing his erect penis. In no time at all he was masturbating furiously.

"Oh, God," Brittany exclaimed. "That's so funny!"

All of us started to laugh as the camera focused on his huge erection and then on the woman's legs. Suddenly, the man sneezed and lost his balance. He came tumbling out of the closet, tripping over his own pants, and fell down flat on his face in front of the horrified woman. The look on his face was priceless as he struggled to get to his feet.

"Guys are such perverts," Megan said, unable to take her eyes off the screen.

This made Delvin laugh.

"And I suppose you watching this movie don't make you a little bit of a pervert too?"

Megan shrugged, but said nothing.

The blonde man was now being reprimanded by his boss, and with his pants and underwear still around his ankles, he was ordered to straddle her desk so that she could administer a spanking to his bare ass. Before she did this however, she called in three other women—all of similar age and very attractive—to observe his punishment.

Taking up seats around the desk, the women watched as the helpless young man was given a robust spanking by his boss, which she seemed to thoroughly enjoy. After giving him about 20 solid whacks with her bare hand, she then ordered him to stand in front of her desk and masturbate himself to orgasm while all of them watched. As the four women sat with their legs crossed in front of the desk, the man jerked his penis for a few minutes until it was clear that he was going to ejaculate. The camera then moved behind him so that all you could see was the back of his head and the four laughing women sitting on the opposite side of the desk. They teased him for a few minutes, calling him all kinds of nasty names, but never once did he stop masturbating himself.

Suddenly, from the bottom of the screen, a long, white blur of sperm shot up and outward onto the desk, splashing into a stack of papers. The women screamed with laughter and so did we.

"Did you see that?" Brittany said, entranced.

Another creamy blast followed the first one, this time shooting so far that it hit the bare legs of his boss who was sitting directly opposite him.

"Oh, Freddie!" his boss complained. "You disgusting pig! You're going to pay for this!"

"Ha!" Angelique laughed. "He's giving her a sperm shower!"

"Wait! Wait!" Delvin interrupted. "There's more. Watch this!"

No sooner had the words escaped his mouth than Freddie let out a huge groan and we watched in awe as three huge, gooey ropes of semen shot out, one after the other, high into the air, and came splashing down onto the desk below, forming three separate and slimy puddles of white.

"Oh, my God!" I said, amazed to see one man shoot so much sperm.

The women in the video laughed excitedly—as we did—upon seeing this spectacular cumshot. And to the combined teasing of his tormentors, Freddie's cock exploded yet again, sending another half dozen bursts of creamy ejaculate careening into the desk, where it formed several white pools of pasty residue. At last, his orgasm ended and he was told that he was fired. The women then pushed him out of the office, still half-dressed and his penis dripping with sperm. I had never seen anything so funny or strangely erotic in my life.

"Didn't I tell you it was a classic?" Delvin said, as he laughed along with us.

During all this time, Megan was unable to remove her eyes from the TV screen. More than any of us, she seemed more preoccupied with the video she had just seen, and I could tell something was on her mind.

"Do guys really ejaculate like that?" she asked Delvin.

"Some do," he replied.

"Well, it didn't seem real to me."

"Oh, it's real all right," he assured her. "I can tell fake cum right off."

"Are you sure? It seemed like somebody was squeezing a bottle of hand lotion off camera to make it look like the real thing."

"I'm telling you it's real," he insisted.

"How do you know?"

"I know because...I can cum like that myself sometimes. Even better."

The four of us looked at each other sheepishly, grinning at his implication.

"Oh sure, Delvin!" Brittany said in an accusatory tone. "You can really have an orgasm like that?"

"What's so strange about it?" he said. "There are a few guys in the porn industry who can cum like that."

"Maybe, but it still looks fake to me."

"Some of it might be fake," he said thoughtfully. "But what you just saw was 100% real."

"How do they get it to cum so much?" I asked him.

"Well, usually if a guy hasn't had an orgasm in a long time, and if he's teased for a while, that'll produce a cumshot like the one you just saw."

Megan looked at me just then with a very sly look, as though she were planning something.

"Can we see some more?" she asked Delvin.

"Sure," he replied. "Put on anything you want."

For the next hour we sat through what must have constituted half of what was Delvin's CFNM library. The pot was being passed around again and all of us were getting quite high. Most of the videos featured similar scenarios to the one we had watched earlier; sometimes the element of female dominance was overt, sometimes very subtle. Usually, a naked guy would end up masturbating in front of a group of clothed women, or sometimes one or several women would end up masturbating him. Even though most of the videos ended in this way, we never got tired of seeing the different faces and the ways in which the guys would jerk their dicks for the amusement of the women. After one very long and voluminous orgasm, which resulted in several women being christened at once, Megan turned to Delvin with a questioning look in her eyes.

"So, can you really cum like that?"

Angelique, Brittany, and I looked at each other and then at Megan, unaccustomed to hear her speak in such direct terms. By this time, Delvin was sitting with one leg propped up on the arm of his chair. It appeared to me like he had an erection.

"Probably," he said modestly, as one of his hands came to rest near his crotch. "It's been almost a week since I came."

"Wow," she replied. "So you must have a lot stored up."

Her eyes fell to his crotch, where one of his hands was busy grabbing his hard-on.

"Are you kidding me?" he laughed. "Guys make billions of sperm every day. If I wasn't so tired from doing all these recording sessions, I'd be jacking off every chance I got."

Angelique, I noticed, purposely remained aloof during this interrogation, curious to see how far Megan was willing to take things. The most reserved and easily offended of the four of us, she was now, however, acting very promiscuous. This was, no doubt due to the influence of the marijuana we had all been smoking. But I think the drug also unlocked some sexual feelings within her that she normally kept repressed. To see her take more of an aggressive role was refreshing, but Angelique wouldn't let her enjoy her newfound position for very long.

"Are you tired now, Delvin?" my cousin suddenly asked as she lifted both of her bare feet to rest on his knees.

"No way," he replied, admiring the view.

"Angelique, you're such a big tease!" Brittany laughed.

Delvin was now stroking his cock through his pants, as he let one hand caress the beautiful prize resting on his knee. He didn't seem to care one bit that his massive erection was visible to all of us, and at Angelique's suggestion he let her play with his cock, running her toes all over his shaft until he was quite distracted. I had to admire her manipulative skills. She was a master of getting people to do her bidding, and they often had no clue that they were even being manipulated.

"Those movies made you horny, didn't they?" she teased him. "Look how big you are!"

She let her toes run up and down his prick very quickly, forcing him to moan loudly.

"Yes," he replied, surrendering to the pleasure of her lovely feet deftly working his shaft.

Delvin ran his hands up and down her legs, intoxicated by her power over him.

"Mmm...that feels nice," she purred as she tilted her head back, enjoying the massage.

"Whatever turns you on, baby," he said.

Angelique turned to me suddenly with a devilish grin on her face.

"You know what would really turn me on?" she said. "No, I mean...turn us all on?"

Knowing something wild was about to be hatched from that wicked imagination of hers, I started laughing.

"What's that?" he asked, amused.

My cousin stole a look at Megan.

"Tell him," she said.

Megan wasn't prepared to have my cousin defer to her, but it made no difference to the brown-eyed beauty, who now faced the handsome boy with her legs crossed and her hands holding the cover of the DVD we had just watched.

"Are you sure, Angelique?" she asked.

"Tell him," my cousin said firmly.

"I...I mean, we," she began a little nervously, "would like you to...you know...do what that guy did in the video."

I don't know how she and my cousin had hatched this idea, but at some point it must have been discussed between them. Brittany and I looked at each other and broke out laughing.

"Yeah," Angelique said as she prodded his balls with her big toe, "we want you to make it squirt like a fountain."

"A fountain of cum!" Brittany squealed, surprised that she had spoken in such an explicit fashion.

I was laughing so hard I couldn't even speak.

Delvin laughed along with us, barely believing what he had heard as his eyes went from one laughing face to another.

"You girls are unreal," he said. "You really want to do this CFNM thing?"

"Why not?" Angelique said, using her toes to push down his trunks so that we could see his cock. "You're halfway there now!"

Delvin sat there dumbfounded as Angelique continued to tease his cock with her feet.

"And what are the four of you going to do?" he asked.

"We're going to sit right here and watch you," she replied with a wide grin.

"We could do more than that," Delvin said, as the pleasurable sensations of Angelique's footjob were starting to get to him.

"No," she said firmly. "No sex. We just want to watch you jerk off for us."

"Yeah, come on, Delvin," Brittany said, trying to persuade him. "Whip it out."

Delvin seemed a bit dismayed that his chances of having sex with any one of us were squelched by Angelique's injunction. However, after more taunting from all of us, he agreed to give us the show we were demanding from him.

"We really couldn't see too much of you from the other room," I said as he began to pull his bathing suit off without getting up from the chair.

"What she means is that we couldn't see too much of your dick," Brittany laughed.

"Well," he said as the trunks came off, "I hope you're not disappointed."

What sprang into view just then was as impressive as anything I had seen on Angelique's DVDs. It actually looked bigger than what I remembered seeing during his lovemaking with Maria.

The four of us giggled as we watched the thick, black shaft stand up stiff and straight, pointing toward the ceiling. Delvin cradled his erect cock in his hand, rubbing his finger over the shaft and glans, proud of its size and girth.

""How do you keep it in your pants?" Angelique laughed, impressed at his prick's massive size.

I noticed that she kept her feet in close proximity to his crotch but did not touch him. Megan looked a bit apprehensive at the sight of his erect cock, but Brittany and I sat there mesmerized.

"How long is it?" I ask him.

"Just over ten inches," he replied proudly.

"Holly thought you were over a foot long when she saw you through the peep holes," Brittany said, watching contentedly as his hands began to stroke his towering shaft.

Delvin smiled. "I tried a penis pump once but it didn't make me any bigger. This is it."

"It's enough!" Angelique commented, as she leaned forward to watch him masturbate.

His cock was a most attractive specimen. In addition to its impressive length, Delvin's penis was thick and satiny, the huge glans a lovely purple/black color that looked like a fat Portobello mushroom sitting atop its massive stalk. I observed that his testicles were quite large, not hanging down low in their sac, but elevated close to his body; the skin taught and smooth, like two, ripe, oversized plums. I could only imagine that they must have been hard at work making "billions of sperm," as he put it, and wondered what awaited us when he finally brought himself to orgasm.

We positioned ourselves on the floor around him in a semicircle as he began to stroke his cock in earnest. Angelique kept both her feet propped up on his thighs and Brittany sat at his feet, resting one elbow on the armchair, intently observing his every motion.

"I've seen my brother jerk off a few times," she said to him as her eyes followed the up and down motion of his hand, "but he's nowhere as big as you."

Delvin almost stopped stroking himself when he heard this.

"Damn!" he said. "You watch your own brother beat his meat? You are one wicked girl!"

She laughed. "I like the way you do it better. Nice and slow."

He resumed his cadence as the four of us continued to observe him.

"I'll bet you have a gallon of semen in those things!" Angelique squealed as she suddenly poked her big toe into his sac.

We all laughed at her comment, but Delvin simply watched in awe as her pink toenails sensuously tickled his scrotum.

"How far can you make it shoot?" Megan suddenly asked.

He thought a moment, never releasing his hand from his cock.

"Well, one time, after this chick was blowing me for over an hour, I shot it about six or seven feet."

This impressed the other girls, but I had seen such a feat performed by Andre Wilkins and Portland Turner only a week ago, so I knew it was certainly possible.

"But I think I'm going to beat that record today," he said as his breathing began to come in short gasps.

"Really?" I said. "Why do you think that?"

He was now moving his hands faster and faster over his cock, concentrating his attention upon the area just below the glans.

"Because I haven't cum in almost a week. Plus, I've been playing with myself for over an hour while watching those videos."

He had an interesting technique I thought: mechanical, precise, and never fluctuating in tempo or style, which seemed to me to be perfect for forcing out the armies of hot sperm I knew were anxiously waiting for joyous release.

Angelique continued to dig her toes into his swelling sac.

"I'll bet you shoot a huge load right across the room," she teased him.

"Or maybe it will go straight up and hit the ceiling," Brittany suggested, running one of her hands up and down his leg.

"Just don't get any of it on me," Megan said, her eyes glued to Delvin's furiously stroking hand.

"Oh, shut up, Megan!" Angelique said.

Delvin, although interested in what we were saying, seemed too preoccupied with his masturbation to allow our banter to distract him. He only offered a grunt in response to Megan's request, but eventually managed to tell her and me not to sit directly in front of him as we might get anointed with his ejaculate. At his request, we both moved away to the left and right, respectively: I, next to my cousin, and Megan next to Brittany.

"Would you like me to take off your shirt, Delvin? You'll be more comfortable," I said, noticing that he was now sweating quite profusely.

"Yeah, babe. It's way too fucking hot in here."

I got up and helped him remove his shirt, and he let out an audible moan as he had to reluctantly remove his hand from his penis, causing it to bob back and forth in the air unattended.

"It's so funny!" Megan laughed. "Look at it!"

There was nowhere else to look. His huge prick did look strange as I watched it pulse with a rhythm all its own, but as soon as his shirt was off, he quickly went back to his self-pleasuring. I decided to remain standing behind him, my hands resting on his shoulders, anxious to witness what I was hoping would be a spectacular climax.

When he announced that he was close to ejaculating, the four of us moved back a little and grew silent, focusing our combined attention on his cock, which was now leaking copious amounts of precum.

"Ladies, I can't take this much more of this," he gasped as his hand teased the tip of his shaft with lighting-fast jerks.

"You can't come yet," Angelique suddenly declared.

"What?" Delvin said, still pumping his cock.

"You can't come yet," she repeated, digging her toes hard into his balls.

"Hey! That hurts!" he hollered, releasing his cock from his hands.

"I'm sorry," Angelique said. "I didn't mean to hurt you."

"What's going on, Angelique?" I asked her, upset that she had ruined his, as well as our, enjoyment.

"Do you have a video camera?" she asked Delvin.

"Oh, man! Now you ask?" he groaned.

"I want to get this all on tape," she said. "If you don't have one, we can use mine."

"Oh, Angelique," Brittany said. "Why didn't you let him finish? Maybe he doesn't want to do your stupid video."

"No, no, that's okay," Delvin said. "I don't mind. Actually, it's a great idea. I've been meaning to tape some of my sex scenes. But it's got to stay between us. I don't want the world to know about my private sex life. Plus you girls could get into a lot of trouble."

"No problem," my cousin answered. "Where's your video camera?"

Delvin had me fetch the camera from the closet and I handed it to Angelique who insisted that she film the whole thing.

Taking up her position several feet in front of him, she began to assume the role of director, instructing each of us as to what our acting duties would be.

"Okay, Brittany, you're fine where you are," she began. "Megan, you sit where I was, and Holly you stand up behind him like you were doing."

Once we were all in place, and she was satisfied with that she saw, she told Delvin to resume masturbating. He didn't need much encouragement, as he was still hard, and I didn't think it would take him long to cum.

"Holly, keep your head next to his so I can get your reaction to the cumshot," my cousin said as she took a few steps closer to us.

I did as I was told and lowered my head down a bit so that my chin was resting on his right shoulder.

"That's great," Angelique said happily. "Just stay like that."

I enjoyed being so close to the gorgeous and sexy boy, feeling his warmth and animal lust transfer itself to me as he pulled on his erection with long, hard strokes. Brittany and Megan, who were now seated on the floor on either side of him, ran their hands over his legs and thighs, teasing him with all kinds of sexual remarks. I was especially surprised at Megan, who now seemed to have lost most of her prior inhibitions and was speaking to him in the most provocative way. I realized that the pot was responsible for her apparent lack of propriety, and knew that she probably would have never consented to act in our lascivious production had she not been under the influence of the mood-altering drug. Nonetheless, I found it to be a pleasure to see her so loose and fun-loving, and Delvin, despite desperately wanting to cum, couldn't help but take notice of her increased interest in him.

"I want to see it spit," she said to Delvin, as she rested her chin on his right knee.

Angelique laughed at this comment, but I could tell that she highly approved of Megan's inspired aggressive behavior by zooming in on her pretty face.

"Excellent, Megan. Excellent." my cousin said. "Keep talking to him like that. Just like those girls did in the movie."

Elated by Angelique's comment, Megan continued her verbal assault.

"You know what we want to see, Delvin?" she asked.

Without waiting for his response, and without saying a word, she simply stuck her tongue between her teeth and made a "tic...tic" sound, sharply turning her head after each "tic," allowing her eyes to gaze off into the distance. Angelique and I immediately understood what she meant, but Brittany looked confused.

"He's like cumming, right?" Megan explained to the puzzled girl. "And my eyes are following the squirts."

"Oh, yeah!" Brittany chuckled. "Tic, tic...that's funny!"

Delvin was now pumping his cock at whirlwind speed, and I found myself pouring a litany of filth into his ear.

"You girls are driving me fucking crazy!" he cried, as I watched his ass rise several inches off the chair.

"I want to see some sperm!" Angelique ordered.

"Time for the money shot!" I laughed, allowing my body to get out of camera view.

"Pay attention, Holly!" Angelique said. "Move your head in close to his. And you two," she said to Brittany and Megan, "move in closer...that's good, perfect. Now I have all four of you in the frame. Don't move!"

It seemed to me that my cousin seemed quite comfortable in her self-appointed role as director and continued to give us final instructions as Delvin got ready to relinquish his load.

"No! Don't look at me, Megan!" she hollered. "Look at his dick!"

Megan dutifully followed Angelique's directions: her face, and Brittany's, only a few inches away from the towering, black phallus.

"Beautiful!" Angelique said. "Anytime you're ready, Delvin."

"Come on," Brittany said, letting her fingers lightly touch his balls. "Let's have a nice, big cumshot!"

In response to her command, Delvin suddenly made a funny grimace as he was gripped by a powerful orgasm.

"Oh shit! Oh fuck!" he screamed.

I was so glad that Angelique had thought to videotape his orgasm because she and I would get great enjoyment from watching it during the subsequent weeks of my stay. And seeing it played back, where I could take my time and savor every sordid moment, made me realize what devilish girls we really were.

"Bet you can't reach me!" Angelique squealed, as Delvin's prick reared back, ready to fire.

At first, only a tiny stream of cum flowed out of his penis, running over his fingers and down onto his huge balls. And then, only a second later, this was followed by a massive eruption of sperm that shot out with such force that it flew up and over Angelique's head to impact with the wall behind her—the same wall that had served as our private viewing station into Delvin's late-night sexual escapades.

"Holy shit!" Angelique laughed, still keeping her camera focused on Delvin's climaxing prick.

Brittany, Megan, and I looked at each other in shock and amusement in response to his stupendous cumshot. But no sooner had we recovered from one surprise than we were gifted with another marvelous display of sperm acrobatics.

Pointing his dick straight up, we watched as another long jet of cream was launched, sailing far over his head and past my face, where a small portion of ejaculate found its way into my hair.

"Cream rinse!" Angelique shouted, as the cum dribbled off my bangs and hung like tiny gelatinous strands in front of my eyes.

Megan and Brittany were in hysterics.

"Great shot, Delvin!" Brittany laughed, applauding him.

"Great catch, Holly!" Megan added.

Delvin was deep in the throes of orgasm, hardly able to concentrate on anything except forcing as much sperm out of his swollen dick as possible. Being so focused, he really could not respond to the antics going on around him. However, his eyes did register surprise when he saw Megan's hand suddenly replace his on his cock.

Angelique, Brittany, and I were shocked to see our timid friend take the huge, spurting prick into her own little hand, heedless of the rivers of sperm spewing out of it, and masturbate him while the sticky semen cascaded down over the stiff shaft and onto her fingers in swift torrents.

"Yeah!" Angelique cried. "Jerk it off, Megan!"

She hardly needed any encouragement. With just her thumb and forefinger, she teased the tip of his cock with quick, deliberate strokes, and in a matter of seconds was rewarded with a series of multiple cumshots. Delvin couldn't believe what was happening and held in his breath as the pleasurable sensations overtook him. From my vantage point, his orgasm looked like a volley of whitish blurs that exploded from the tip of his penis in an almost angry fashion to shoot high into the air toward my cousin, who deftly stepped back a little to avoid being splattered. Megan's fingers were awash with sperm, but she applied herself diligently to his masturbation, even getting Brittany to hold the base of his shaft firmly in place so as to give her more control over him. Delvin's prick responded by surrendering one enormous load after another.

"Tic, tic," Megan laughed, as our eyes followed each trajectory of gooey cum as it sailed out into the room.

At some point during the spectacle, I draped my arms around Delvin's neck, quite unaware that I had done it. I don't know if it bothered Angelique to see me so intimate with her object of fascination, but she didn't seem to care, which struck me as surprising considering her feelings toward him. For me it was an immense turn-on to cradle him so close to me, and to be able to feel his masculine passion submit to the will of Megan's blistering handjob.

I looked down at the laughing faces of Brittany and Megan, who were thoroughly engrossed in masturbating Delvin's prick. Not wanting to give Megan the upper hand, Brittany now took over from her friend, encircling his penis in her hand and giving him several intense strokes. As she pulled up, Delvin cried out and once again fired off a thick stream of semen that ended up splashing into the coffee table.

"This is fucking unbelievable!" Angelique exclaimed as she moved in for a close-up of his prick.

Again the giant penis reared back and fired off another burst of creamy sauce, this time shooting straight up and landing right back down onto Brittany's stoking hand. I was shocked when I saw Megan lean in and dip her tongue into the freshly spilled semen that dripped from her friend's hand.

"Go, Megan!" Angelique cried as she zoomed in to get a close-up of the unprecedented event.

Brittany and I squealed as Megan let the sticky cream spill out of her mouth in one giant glob and then sucked it back in to swallow it down.

"Oh, my God!" Brittany screamed in response to Megan's unexpected maneuver.

Momentarily preoccupied with Megan's cum-swallowing act, Brittany failed to notice that Delvin's cock was now pointing directly at her face. Before she realized it, a huge stream of cum shot out and splashed into her cheek, leaving a sticky mass of sperm dripping from her nose and chin. The three of us squealed with joy.

"You got a fucking facial!" Angelique exclaimed, barely able to stand up.

Megan fell onto the floor laughing as Brittany ran out toward the bathroom. As Delvin's orgasm began to subside, he began to slowly return to his senses. I drew my arms away and fell into the chair next to him, totally overcome by what I had just seen. He was panting heavily, his entire body covered in sweat.

"I've never cum like that, ever!" he admitted in between taking in huge gulps of air. "Never in my whole fucking life!"

Angelique stopped the video camera and sat down next to me.

"Aren't you glad I decided to tape it?" she asked him.

"Real glad," was all he could reply.

Angelique rewound the tape a little and showed Megan and I the amazing christening by cum.

"What the hell got into you, Megan? That was great!" Angelique said.

To be paid a compliment by my cousin was a rare thing for the petite brunette to experience, and she showed her appreciation with a big smile.

"Your mother always keeps telling everybody that they've got to experience life...so, I decided to take her advice."

"What did his cum taste like?" I asked her.

"A little salty, but not as bad as I thought."

"Maria always tells me it tastes sweet," Delvin offered.

"I wouldn't go that far," Megan replied. "But it's not horrible."

"See, I told you!" Angelique said. "You have to try new stuff."

"Want a lick?" Megan asked, offering her sperm-coated hand to us.

"Ah...no," my cousin said, politely.

"What about you, Holly?"

"No, thanks," I said, watching her play with the gooey mass.

Megan gave us both a reproving look.

"Well, now you can't complain about me anymore, because I've done something the two of you have never done."

Having said that, she rose to her feet and rubbed her palms together, slowly separating her hands so we could all see the sticky strands of Delvin's cum as it fell in clumps from her fingers.

"It's so messy!" she laughed as she headed toward the bathroom.

"You were great, baby," Delvin said to her as she passed by.

"Just don't forget to ask your manager about the music video," she reminded him.

While Megan and Brittany were in the bathroom cleaning up, Angelique took me into the kitchen where she helped me to wash away the tiny residue of sperm still clinging to my hair.

"Can you believe how much he came?" she asked me, as she took a towel to my hair.

I wanted to tell her that I had seen a similar display of orgasmic prowess only a week earlier, but could only shake my head in wonderment.

"Especially that first shot," I replied. "It flew about a foot above your head."

"I have to show this tape to some of my friends," she said.

"You promised him that you wouldn't let anyone else see it."

"He'll never know about it."

"But you promised."

"Will you stop being so naïve for once?" she said, peeved. "I'm not going to show it to the whole world, just a couple of friends."

When we returned to the living room we found Delvin with his bathing trunks back on and cleaning the floor, chair, and coffee table in the aftermath of his orgasm. Brittany and Megan sat together on the couch sipping sodas, watching him.

"What time is it?" Brittany asked me.

"It's 2:15," I said, looking down at my watch.

"Is anybody tired?" Angelique asked us.

We all replied in the negative.

"Good. We still have some time before my mother gets home."

"Time for what?" Delvin asked her.

"To smoke some more pot!"

All of us agreed that that would be an excellent thing to do.

Delvin offered us some sandwiches and chips, as we were all famished, and then we got down to the serious business of smoking his expensive stash. After complimenting him on his outstanding sexual performance, the subject got around to Maria and his dwindling infatuation with her.

"She wants to get married," he said, the words catching in his throat. "I'm only twenty, man. I'm not ready for that shit."

"Did you tell her that?" I asked him.

"Yeah, I told her, but she doesn't want to hear it."

"Why don't you break up with her?" Brittany suggested.

"Because she gives good head!" he laughed.

"Yeah, we know," Angelique said.

"How would you..."

"The holes in the wall, remember?" Megan reminded him.

"Oh yeah," he said, taking a long drag on his joint. "You saw her suck me off?"

"And swallow the whole load," Angelique laughed.

"I thought she was going to choke!" Brittany added.

Delvin let his hand fall casually down onto his crotch.

"I guess I do pack quite a mouthful," he said.

"You could populate a planet, Delvin," my cousin remarked whimsically.

The conversation then turned to more topical matters like his burgeoning music career and his plans for the future.

"I'm going to keep doing this shit for as long as I can, then settle down by the time I'm thirty-five and raise a family," he said. "Probably retire by the time I'm fifty or so and live off my royalties."

"I'd say that's a pretty good plan," I said, taking the final bite of my sandwich.

"For every guy like me, there's thousands and thousands who will never achieve what I've got. I've been lucky."

"Yes, but you're also very talented."

"There's lots of talented people walking the streets, but they don't have a music career. Like I said...I've been lucky."

I appreciated Delvin's self-effacing attitude. Despite all his money and fame, he was essentially an honest, down-to-earth person with no pretensions to be anything more than exactly what he was. He looked at me, studying my face as if trying to read my mind.

"What are your plans, Holly?" he asked. "What are you going to do with your life?"

"Well, I start college this fall at UCLA. I'm studying to be a writer."

"A novelist," Angelique quipped.

"Are you any good?" he asked.

"I think so."

"Have you written anything?"

"She writes love poems," Brittany said in a deadpan voice.

Delvin's face lit up. "I'd like to read some of your stuff sometime," he said. "If I like your work, maybe we could collaborate on a few songs. I'm good with music, but I hate writing lyrics."

"I'd like that," I replied.

During the course of the conversation, Delvin discovered that Megan wanted to be a clothes designer and Brittany wanted to go into modeling. When it came time for Angelique to confess her desires, she just laughed.

"I don't have to work," she said proudly. "My father's a duke!"

"Stop showing off, Angelique," I said, "and answer the question."

She lowered her head and thought for a moment.

"You know what?" she began. "I would like to be the head of a major corporation and tell people what to do all day long."

"That's what you do now!" Brittany said.

"Yeah," Megan agreed. "Boss bitch!"

"I can't help it," my cousin replied, indifferent to their complaints. "I like to be in charge."

Delvin laughed. "Okay, so here's what we've got."

He leaned back in his chair and tucked his feet underneath him, letting the joint fall into the ashtray.

"Angelique—the corporate CEO," he began. "Megan—the fashion designer; Brittany—the supermodel; and Holly—the novelist."

He lifted up his glass of soda and held it out toward us.

"Here's to you ladies," he said. "May all your dreams come true!"

We joined him in his impromptu toast and then lit up some joints. I couldn't help but notice that despite Devlin's interest in Angelique's magnificent legs, he kept sneaking glances at Megan, now that she had loosened up a bit and showed a little aggressiveness. I know Angelique noticed this too, but she didn't seem to be bothered by it. Eventually the talk returned to the subject of sex. We asked him what kinds of girls he liked the most, what his favorite form of sex was, and how often he masturbated.

"I like all kinds of girls," he admitted, "as long as they're nice people. And I love blowjobs. A woman who can give a great blowjob can have anything she wants from me."

This admission seemed to interest Megan.

"Why do guys like blowjobs so much?" she asked as she took a drag.

"I don't know about all guys, but I like them because it feels so fucking great to have my cock in a hot babe's mouth. There's nothing like it."

He then asked if any one of us had ever given a guy a blowjob. We all shook our heads except for Brittany, who admitted that she had done it on one occasion.

"These guys have heard this story before," she said with a nod to us, "but I think you might like it."

"Go right ahead girl, I'm listening," Delvin said with a smile.

"Well, a few months ago when my boyfriend and I were flying to Las Vegas, he asked me to give him a blowjob. It was late at night and everyone was asleep, so I asked the stewardess to bring us a blanket. I had never given a guy a blowjob before, but I was feeling really horny and I wanted to make him happy so I did it."

"Keep going," Delvin said.

"He was pretty big," she continued. "Not as big as you, but big enough. Pretty soon he starts moaning, and I mean loud. The lady flight attendant heard him and came running over thinking something was wrong."

"Did she catch you with his cock in your mouth?"

"No, but she knew what I was doing because she had a big smile on her face."

"So, what did you do?"

"I just told her that everything was okay and she understood."

"You and your boyfriend must have been pretty embarrassed."

"He was more embarrassed than I was. But she was very nice to us. She was only a couple of years older than we were so we had this connection."

Brittany stopped to take a hit on her joint before passing it to me. She held her breath for a few seconds and then exhaled slowly.

"She was really beautiful, too," she resumed. "Long, chestnut-brown hair, perfect olive skin, and really long fingers, but very delicate, like she should be modeling for a hand lotion commercial. He couldn't keep his eyes off her."

"So, what happened?"

"She told me not to worry about anything; that everyone was sleeping and that she would come back in a few minutes. When I asked her why, she said, 'Well, you're going to need some towels, right?'"

"Oh, man!" Delvin laughed. "A regular girl scout!"

"Then she says to both of us: 'Don't make him cum until I return. I want to watch.'"

"And a voyeur!"

"I know! I was shocked! But before I could say anything she made me promise to wait."

"What did you do?"

"Well, my boyfriend, of course, was all excited about it and she was so nice...so I waited."

"That's wild," Delvin said. "So you let a strange woman watch you give your boyfriend a blowjob?"

"By the time she came back he was ready to pop, so she only saw the finale."

Megan giggled. "This is the best part."

Brittany took a sip of her soda and laughed.

"She's got two towels in her hands, right? So she removes the blanket and places the towel over my boyfriend's lap. I mean here is his big, fat cock sticking out, all wet and shiny from my blowjob and she doesn't even care! It's like she's setting a table with a dinner napkin, you know? Meantime he's dying to cum."

"Oh, fuck this is hot," Delvin said, rubbing his own crotch. "What happened next?"

"She thanked me for waiting and told me to finish him off."

"Did you do it?"

"Well, I couldn't leave him like that, and she was so friendly and nice about it, so yeah, I started blowing him right in front of her."

I started laughing at this point, picturing Brittany's tiny mouth full of cock.

"He must have been going crazy!" Delvin said.

"He was," Brittany replied. "She was really excited too. Then she pulls out this large paper cup and says, "Pull your mouth away when he starts to cum. I want to catch his sperm in this."

"Are you fucking kidding me?" Delvin exclaimed. "That's really kinky!"

"And kind of like...pushy. But she said it in that nice way of hers so I really didn't mind."

Angelique snickered. "Talk about friendly skies!"

"So, anyway, I started sucking him off again," Brittany continued. "After about 30 seconds I feel this huge load of cum shoot into the back of my throat. I almost gagged but pulled my mouth away in time. She bends over me and starts giving him this unbelievable handjob, pointing the cup right under his cock."

"And he shot his load into the cup?" Delvin asked, getting more and more turned on every minute.

"He didn't cum as much as you just did, but it was a lot. Actually the second spurt flew into the air and hit her blouse, but she made sure the rest of it got into the cup."

"That's fucking amazing!"

"It was a long orgasm too. She had these really long fingers, like I said, and strong hands, but very feminine, and she used some strange technique of jerking his prick so that he just kept shooting one load after the other into the cup. We both started laughing after the seventh or eighth squirt but her hands kept pulling on him until she had him completely drained. The cup was about half full by the time he stopped shooting off."

After telling this story, Brittany seemed to have achieved a heightened status in Delvin's eyes. He looked at her now as he had originally looked at my cousin, but Brittany's sexuality was more visceral than Angelique's—and more accessible.

"That story got me really fucking horny!" he said.

"We can see that!" Megan laughed, looking straight at his crotch.

"Somebody's got a hard-on!" Angelique sang.

By now, Delvin's cock was once again fully erect. With our encouragement, he pulled his bathing suit off and started to play with his cock. All of us were completely stoned and couldn't help laughing at his uncontrollable desire to jerk off. Angelique reached for the video camera.

"Okay," she said. "Who's going to do the honors?"

"What are you talking about?" I asked.

"You know," she said. "Who's going to give Delvin a blowjob?"

"Not me!" I said laughing.

"Of course, not you," Angelique frowned. "Megan?"

"What about you?" Megan asked my cousin. "You suck his cock and let one of us run the camera."

"I want to videotape it."

"Chicken!"

"It's okay girls," Delvin laughed. "If it's all right with you, I'll just sit here and jerk off for you."

"Come on, Brittany," Angelique said. "Do him."

The redhead watched intently as Delvin stroked his huge black pole and had a thought.

"I'll suck you off," she said to him. "But you have to promise that you'll put all of us in your next video."

Delvin groaned. "Baby I told you that I have to check with my manager first."

"Well, then forget it. No promise, no blowjob."

The other girls and I took up her cause, and though we were anxious to watch her suck him off, we felt she had a right to expect something in return. After several minutes of this light-hearted confrontation, Delvin finally relented.

"Okay, okay," he said, fingering his stiff prick as though it were some kind of wind instrument. "I promise that all of you can be in my next video."

We all cheered at once and told him what a great guy he was. Brittany then got up and walked over to him, laughing like a giddy schoolgirl. She then gracefully dropped to her knees before Delvin.

"You're so fucking big!" she said, removing his hand from his prick and replacing it with her own.

Angelique leaned forward in her chair, focusing in on Brittany's face as it came in contact with his massive organ.

"Do it nice and slow, Brittany," Angelique said. "Just like they do in the porn movies."

"Yeah, baby," Delvin agreed. "Nice and slow."

"Holly," my cousin continued. "I want you to sit on his right and Megan you sit on his left."

Megan and I were too intoxicated with the effects of the pot to refuse Angelique's directive at this point and simply did as we were told, anxious ourselves to be part of this erotic spectacle and to watch our friend exercise her oral technique upon him. Angelique had Brittany tie her long, red hair back into a ponytail so that her face would not be hidden from view.

Delvin gasped as she opened her mouth to engulf his penis. She let her lips slowly proceed over the tip of his cock until she had the entire glans in her mouth, and then moved her head further down until her cute, freckled nose made contact with the curly mound of black hair at the base of his shaft.

"Whoa Megan!" Angelique exclaimed, impressed by the girl's ability to take so much of him into her small mouth.

Delvin moaned as he watched most of his prick disappear down Brittany's throat, and Megan and I looked down wide-eyed as she began a slow but steady routine of bobbing up and down on him while holding his shaft in the palms of her hands. After a few minutes of this ritual, Angelique indicated that Megan and I should take a more active role in the production.

"Holly," she said. "Play with his balls a little bit. Megan, I want you to use your hands to stoke his cock. Brittany, don't use your hands at all, just your mouth. Suck only on the tip and let Megan masturbate him into your mouth. I want to get him so that's he's cumming all over your face."

Brittany complained about this.

"Does my face look like a target to you, Angelique?" she said, removing her mouth from Delvin's slippery pole.

"A very pretty target," my cousin laughed. "Come on! We're making pornographic history here!"

Brittany relented and went back to sucking Delvin, obeying Angelique's instructions even though I had a feeling that she probably would have preferred not to get her face plastered with semen. But Brittany was too far into the blowjob, and too turned on herself, to complain. She increased her tempo in time with Megan's handjob, and I could feel Delvin's balls rise up high in their sac.

"This is too much," Delvin said, looking down at Brittany as her lips rode over the tip of him, over and over, teasing the sensitive area just under his cock head, demanding he release the creamy white seed within.

Angelique moved to a kneeling position within a few feet of Brittany's face, realizing that Delvin's climax was now only moments away.

"Megan," she said. "Make sure you point the head of his cock a few inches just outside Brittany's mouth so I can get a close-up of the cumshot."

"No problem," Megan said, happily tugging away on his prick and enjoying her control over him.

"Holly," Angelique continued. "Put your hand under Megan's and help stroke him off, but squeeze his balls gently with the other."

I did as she asked and positioned myself so that I could have easy access to his genitals.

His penis felt like a hot, steel rod in my hands, and I could barely get my dainty fingers around it. Both Megan and I laughed as we watched our hands work in tandem over the massive shaft, enjoying the sight of seeing so much of his prick slide in and out of Brittany's mouth.

Delvin now let his body fall completely back into the armchair as Brittany, Megan, and I continued our relentless assault on his prick. Brittany was anxious to get him to cum, as I could see that her mouth was beginning to tire. Despite this, she moved her head back and forth even faster, as the purple/black glans began to expand in anticipation of his impending orgasm.

"Don't worry, Brittany," Angelique said, moving in even closer for the expectant spray. "He's already cum once. It probably won't be a lot this time."

Suddenly, Delvin's entire body froze as he drove his cock in and out of our hands, seeking to get as much of it into Brittany's mouth as he could.

"Oh, God!" he cried. "I'm cumming for you baby!"

Even before he finished the sentence, a massive eruption of hot, white cream shot out of his cock and flew straight into Brittany's waiting mouth. She quickly spit out the gooey load of sperm, and we watched as it drooled onto her chin, hanging there like a thick gelatinous thread that refused to budge. She kept her mouth wide open as our hands furiously worked him over.

"Fuck!" Delvin exclaimed, as we helped him to launch another huge cumshot that flew high above Brittany's head and came down behind her onto the carpet, the little sperm globules forming a miniature rainstorm as they fell down all around her head.

"Keep jerking him!" my cousin squealed.

Another creamy burst sailed high into the air, splashing both Megan and I on our bare arms. And then he shot off three distinct volleys of semen that hit Brittany in the eyes, nose, chin, and finally her beautiful red hair, making her face look like she had just had a salon facial.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" she screamed with laughter as she fell back onto her outstretched arms from the assault.

Both my hands and Megan's were literally awash with sperm as we continued to masturbate Delvin, and we used the creamy effluence to good use as lubrication for his inflamed penis. As we gave him one, long, hard pull upwards, his prick released yet another burst of white, impacting on Brittany's halter top, and then Megan viciously pulled on him, forcing out several more stringy ejaculations that mostly shot out onto our quickly moving hands. We coaxed out a few more weak spurts and then it was over. Brittany's face looked like it had been hit with a cream pie.

"Oh, my God!" I said, laughing hysterically. "You should see yourself!"

"I need the bathroom!" Brittany laughed, as she got up and ran out of the room.

Even Delvin, who was still recovering from his massive orgasm, had to laugh.

"Maria's got nothing on that girl!" he said emphatically.

"You came like...so much!" Angelique said to him. "Where do you get it all?"

"I don't know," he replied. "But you girls really know how to bring out the best in me!"

"Yeah," Megan laughed, as she handed me a few napkins to dry my hands. "Best in sperm!"

Megan and I followed Brittany into the bathroom to get cleaned up, and several minutes later we had decided that we had had enough. It was time to call it a night.

"I had the best fucking time of my life with you girls tonight," Delvin said, genuinely sorry to see us go. "I mean it."

"Thanks Delvin, "Angelique said. "It was a lot of fun."

"Well, you guys better get some sleep. I'll be leaving here in a few hours to catch a plane to New York, so I won't be seeing you after this."

"Have a good trip and don't forget about the video," Megan reminded him as she gave him a kiss goodbye.

"I won't forget. I promise."

He then kissed all of us, one by one, and gave me an especially warm hug.

"I meant what I said about the song lyrics," he said to me.

"Thanks, I'll keep that in mind," I replied. "Take care of yourself."

He told us again how great a time he had with us. I could only imagine that, being a pop star, he must have had access to many girls who had given him similar pleasures, but I think the fact that we were just ordinary girls, and not groupies or celebrities, made it special for him. I thought that Angelique would have lingered with him a bit longer, seeing that they had enjoyed a romantic attachment, but she was the first to leave, carrying the film from the video camera in her hands, and telling Delvin she would keep it safe until his next trip back to San Diego. It seemed at first that he was going to protest, but he seemed too tired to debate the issue and watched as we disappeared into the next room.

That night, as my other friends lay soundly sleeping, I thought about how my cousin had managed to keep herself relatively uninvolved on a physical level with Delvin, preferring to orchestrate the movements of Brittany, Megan, and I as though we were pieces on a chessboard while she sat back and watched events unfold before her eyes. Outside of tickling his penis with her foot, she did nothing with him sexually, not even receiving one tiny drop of sperm from his copious orgasms. It dawned on me that Angelique was a classic voyeur, deriving her sexual pleasures from observing others while remaining physically detached. In time she would learn to overcome her unwillingness toward intimacy, but I had to laugh when I thought that, of all people, Megan and I were the ones who chose to abandon our inhibitions and do what Angelique wouldn't, or couldn't, do.

The following morning I awoke at 11:00 AM and discovered that Angelique, Brittany, and Megan had risen before me. I took a quick shower and, as I started to dress, I heard laughter coming from the room Delvin had vacated hours earlier. I recognized the hysterical shrieks as those belonging to my missing friends, so I hurriedly ran down the hallway and found the door to Delvin's room unlocked.

As I entered the room, my three friends were sitting on the floor in front of the television set. Delvin's massive penis filled the screen and three wild teenage girls—myself among them—were doing all kinds of wicked things to his cock.

"Oh, my God, Holly!" Megan exclaimed as I approached her. "Hurry up. Sit down. You have to see this!"

"What's going on?" I asked.

"Watch this," Angelique said, hitting the rewind button on the video camera.

Delvin's prick had just escaped the sucking embrace of Brittany's pouting red lips as it reared back and fired off a thick jet of pearly semen straight into her mouth—all in slow motion.

"Look at it! Look at me!" Brittany howled, as the arc of cum splashed into the roof of her mouth.

"Holly, watch," said Angelique excitedly. "I love this!"

I watched in awe as Brittany's throat contracted to swallow half of Delvin's sticky offering, and then laughed with the others as she forced her tongue through her lips, expelling about a pint of sperm, which dribbled ever so slowly down her chin and onto her halter top. The camera then panned upward as the second spurt of cum shot high up above our heads—our eyes following the line of stringy ejaculate as it climbed higher and higher until it soared beyond camera range.

"Look at your face, Holly!" Angelique screamed with joy.

Both Megan and I had looked at each other with utter astonishment as Delvin's joy juice sailed off into the void. I had to admit that my look of surprise even amused me.

"God, that's so funny!" Megan laughed. "Look at how far it went!"

We watched as several more shots were fired off, and then we were treated to the triple offering of sperm, which had turned Brittany's face into gooey, white mess. Upon seeing her face receive multiple cumshots in slow motion, Brittany fell on the floor, laughing.

"I can't believe I did that!" she screamed.

"I can't believe we did that!" I said, unable to take my eyes of the spectacle.

I watched my hands traverse the length of Delvin's 10-inch tool, the sperm running down the shaft and spilling over onto my hands and then Megan's, as she and I stroked him furiously in our attempt to relieve him of every drop of his milky-white cream. After it was over, I had counted over one dozen separate ejaculations. It was extraordinary to say the least.

"Have you guys had breakfast yet?" I asked as the tape ended.

"Are you kidding?" Angelique said. "We had to see this first. Isn't it amazing?"

She had a wild look in her eyes for a moment, as if she had other plans for this erotic masterpiece of ours.

"We made our own CFNM video," I said with mock pride. "Now put that tape away before your mother finds out what we've done."

"Don't worry," she replied. "She'll never see it."

Of course, I couldn't tell my cousin that her mother would have probably enjoyed our little attempt at homemade erotica, but whether she would have approved of our brief foray into the porn business, despite her hedonism, was another matter.

"Take it out of the VCR and hide it," I said adamantly. "My parents are flying in tonight. It's the last thing I want them to see."

Angelique reluctantly did as I asked and removed the cassette from the machine. We then went back to the recreation room and watched as she placed the tape in a box with her collection of other assorted pornography.

"Okay, Holly? You happy now?" my cousin said as she closed the closet door containing our recent collective effort.

"Yes," I said. "Now can we all go and get some breakfast? I'm starved."

With the arrival of my parents that evening, and the subsequent departure of Brittany and Megan, our wildly erotic adventures came to an abrupt halt. Lenore, Estelle, and Justine left the day after my parent's arrival, and my aunt Phoebe once more adopted the persona of the responsible parent, all for the sake of my mother. I noticed that the two books Lenore had given to my aunt had been discreetly removed from their place of prominence on the bookshelf of my aunt's study, and any and all traces of anything remotely connected to my aunt's wanton lifestyle had mysteriously vanished.

The next two weeks were spent visiting various cultural spots and taking almost daily cruises on my aunt's yacht. I got to spend a lot of time with her during this period and marveled at her chameleon-like ability to adapt her personality to suit any occasion. No one, not even me, would have guessed that underneath that exuberant and proud demeanor lurked the heart of a formidable dominatrix, still in the making, and awaiting only one short year in which to emerge from her chrysalis a new and complete entity, like Athena who sprang fully formed from the head of Zeus.

All during my parent's stay, Angelique and I continued to sleep in the recreation room, and we spent many evenings looking at adult Web sites—especially those that were either CFNM of femdom-related. It was eerie to see how much like her mother she really was, and that the two of them had no idea of their incredibly similar sexual natures. I wanted desperately to tell her about the Sisterhood and all that I had witnessed that day in her mother's study, but I was too afraid to confess my secret for reasons I have stated earlier. In any case, Angelique had made me aware of an entirely new erotic world that I had no idea existed, and my aunt had done the same, albeit without her knowledge. Seeing Delvin's wild cumshot for the millionth time in slow motion still made me laugh, and the shocked look on Brittany's face as she received her bukake-like tribute of sperm made me laugh even more. By the time my visit had ended, I felt like I had made the shift from novice to expert in the realm of sexual matters, and I had Angelique and my aunt to thank for it.

On the day my parents and I were to leave for home, I brought up the issue of Delvin to my cousin. The fact that she had not mentioned a word about him—outside of the comments she offered while watching the tape—made me curious as to why she had chosen to put him out of her mind after seeming to be so infatuated with him.

"He was the one who ended it," she said in a distinctly cold tone of voice as we stood outside the front entrance of the house waiting for Jake to pull up in the limousine.

"Why?" I asked.

"Because he wanted to fuck me and I wouldn't let him."

"When did this happen?"

"When you, Megan, and Brittany were in the bathroom cleaning up. I told him there was no way I was going to fuck anybody until I was ready."

"So, he ended it, just like that?"

"Yup. Just like that."

I noticed a glint of contempt in her otherwise placid demeanor.

"All men are shit heads, Holly," she resumed. "All they want to do is get off."

Judging by what I had seen during these eventful weeks, I knew that half of what she said was true: guys did love to "get off," as he put it. But I had a hard time accepting that all men were jerks.

"Believe me, they are," she assured me. "Even my father keeps a mistress."

This news startled me, as I always believed my uncle to be entirely devoted to my aunt.

"Are you kidding?"

"Would I kid about something like that?" she answered with scorn. "My mother just found out about it yesterday through one of her friends back in Paris. Keep your mouth shut about it because she doesn't know I know."

"How did you find out?"

"I overheard her on the phone. She was up crying half the night."

"I'm sorry, Angelique," I said as I gave her a gentle hug.

"Just remember what I said. All guys are shit heads."

My mother and father, along with my aunt who was teary-eyed from saying goodbye, or from her knowledge of her husband's duplicity, or both, came out of the front door just then and said their final farewells. My mother gave no indication to me that she had learned of my aunt's misfortune, but I could tell she knew something was wrong by the way she kept pressing my aunt for information. When Jake pulled up a few moments later, my mother reluctantly got into the limousine looking troubled, but none the wiser about my aunt's situation. After kissing my aunt and my cousin goodbye, I followed her into the car. My dad took the front seat next to Jake, striking up a conversation with him as soon as we began to drive away.

I waved to Angelique and my aunt from the rear of the car, noticing how small and forlorn they appeared as the limousine put more distance between us. At last, the beautiful estate by the sea became a tiny speck on the horizon as we sped toward the airport. At one point my mother asked me if I knew why my aunt had seemed so unhappy. Remembering my promise to Angelique, I merely shook my head and told her that her sadness was due to our departure and nothing more. I don't think she accepted my flimsy explanation, but she didn't force the issue, sensing that I, too, was feeling quite downhearted.

On the plane ride home my thoughts once more centered upon the events that occurred in my aunt's study only a short three weeks earlier, and the enigmatic name that kept popping up in my head over and over: Masturbatorium. Lenore had stressed that my aunt's introduction to this mysterious place was to be kept a surprise, and strictly secret. And I recalled that Estelle had referred to it as "really something to experience." Little did I know that, barely a year later, I would be stepping foot into this exclusive world of the Sisterhood, and that my newly transfigured aunt and her daughter would be serving as its commander-in-chief and first lieutenant, respectively, commandeering the helm of a vast network of subterranean empires all predicated upon, and dedicated to, the idea of female supremacy.

************

My first year at UCLA went by quickly. I applied myself assiduously to my studies and earned a 3.9 grade point average, which earned me a tap on the shoulder from the head of the English department to take over helm of the school newspaper from a departing senior. I enjoyed my new role as editor and made many new friends, but because of my academic schedule, I had little time for boys. The few that I dated tried to push intercourse upon me early on, and I wound up jettisoning them out the proverbial window. Sometimes I wrote about my dating experiences in the school paper, which earned me much praise from my teachers and classmates, who enjoyed my satirical and iconoclastic writing style. And sometimes I wrote about more serious issues that pointed out the many inconsistencies in the American sociopolitical system, forcing me into debates with other people in which I had to scramble to defend my position. In time I learned to steer clear of these issues and concentrate on humor, as it brought me—and my readers—far greater enjoyment.

I was already enjoying the first few days of my summer vacation when my mother handed me a letter from my aunt Phoebe. For the past six months my aunt's communication with us had been sporadic. By this time my parents had learned about her marital problems, but it did not explain why my aunt's phone calls had come few and far between. When my mother questioned my aunt about this, she refused to go into particulars, but did hint that her new business enterprise was consuming much of her time. What this new enterprise was, she did not say.

The letter was an invitation extended to me, and me alone, to visit with my aunt and Angelique at their estate on the outskirts of Paris for the duration of my summer vacation. My aunt would pay all expenses for the trip, and I could leave any time I wished. Although my parents were puzzled as to why they were excluded from this generous offer, they graciously consented to let me go, considering it a reward for my recent scholastic achievements.

I had spoken to my aunt and Angelique only a handful of times during the past year, and I missed the repartee we enjoyed when they were living in San Diego. The thought of going to Paris got me all excited—more so because I was going to spend time with my aunt, rather than anything the city itself had to offer. I had seen Paris many times and, although beautiful, I found other European cites like Rome and Vienna more to my taste.

When my mother called my aunt to tell her I was coming, she was thrilled. I spoke with my aunt and Angelique and both of them seemed anxious to see me, though they seemed a bit evasive through their joy. It was arranged that I should depart LA in two days and that Angelique and Jake would meet me at the airport when I arrived in Paris. My aunt also made an unusual request. She told me to pack several bottles of my favorite hand cream, as the weather was uncommonly dry in Paris this summer.

On the appointed day, my mother and father drove me to the airport and, after a tearful goodbye, I boarded the plane. Sitting to my right were a boy and a girl around my own age, apparently very much in love and conversing solely in French. Several hours into the flight the two of them were hard at work fondling each other, and at one point I saw her hand disappear down the front of his jeans.

After dinner was served, I decided to do some writing in my journal, and after about an hour I began to doze off. I slept for several hours, and when I woke up it was well past 1:00 AM. Looking around, I noticed that most of the passengers were asleep, including the two lovebirds to my right. I shut my eyes and went back to sleep.

My sleep was erratic, and several times I thought I heard laughter creeping into my head. I opened my eyes to discover the source of the interference and found that the two lovers had placed a blanket over their laps and were giggling softly. In the middle of the blanket was a distinct lump that rose and fell in time to the motions of the girl's left arm, which was moving back and forth under it. I knew immediately what she was doing, and Brittany's high-altitude blowjob story came vividly back to mind as I watched her nonchalantly fist him.

I was occupying the window seat with the boy seated next to me, so I had to pretend that I was still asleep for fear of startling them. She was a pretty girl; very petite, with short blonde hair and enormous blue eyes. And he looked like he could pass for her male counterpart, with the exception of his darker hair. Her entire body swayed back and forth as her hand performed its duty under the blanket, and at times she would look underneath the protective covering to see the results of her work. On one occasion, she raised the blanket up high and I was treated to a magnificent view of his very large penis, its tip wet with pre-cum.

The girl kept working on him for several more minutes, but it was clear that her hand was growing tired. It was at this point that she caught me looking at them, but instead of panicking, she just smiled at me and continued as if nothing was amiss. By this time her boyfriend's eyes were closed and he was breathing heavily, and it was obvious he was going to cum very soon.

And then she did a most remarkable thing. She reached over with her right hand and took my hand in hers, inviting me to take over masturbating her boyfriend's cock. I couldn't believe that she could be so forward about the whole thing as to allow a total stranger access to her lover's genitals, but as strange as it may seem, I allowed her to guide my hand onto his swollen prick, where I began employing the same hand motions on him that I had used a year earlier on Delvin's ample equipment. The truth is that I was extremely turned on by her handjob and was looking forward to seeing him cum. During the entire time his eyes had been closed. But now, feeling a new hand upon him, he sighed lightly and gave me a most appreciative look as his girlfriend now rearranged the blanket so that I could see his 8-inch cock in all its tumescent glory.

She said something to him in French, and a moment later he pulled both his pants and underwear down to his ankles, leaving his cock and balls completely at our disposal. I found myself surrendering to the highly erotic sensations of once again being in control of a man, and this time I couldn't blame it on the influence of marijuana.

As my hand glided up and down effortlessly over his fat pole, his girlfriend laid her head in his lap and began licking the base of his shaft, every now and then giving his huge balls a few light tugs with her fingers. A few times she pulled my hand away and absorbed his cock into her mouth, looking straight at me with her intense blue eyes, proud of her ability to deep-throat such a big penis.

Suddenly, I heard a faint stirring coming from directly behind me, and the sound of women's voices giggling softly. I turned around to find two older women, probably in their mid to late thirties, watching the whole thing from between the spaces in the chairs. They muttered something in French that sounded to me like a slur, judging from their tone of voice, and the girl looked at me and smiled, indicating with a shake of her head that I shouldn't pay the women any mind. She once again took my hand and I got back to the task of jerking off her boyfriend, who now seemed about ready to explode.

I used a firm grip on him, paying close attention to the sensitive area just under the glans, as I knew this would provoke an intense cumshot. His cock, still wet from the girl's sloppy blowjob, provided some lubrication as I casually beat him off with very rapid strokes. As his moans increased, the two women behind me stood up to watch him ejaculate. No one said a word; just the gentle laughter of our bold voyeurs filled the air.

As I pulled up hard on his cock, I felt his body go entirely rigid, and I knew the sperm was on its way. The women behind me realized it too and leaned their bodies in to get a better view. He only had time to utter something in French before the first jet of sticky semen shot out of his prick and flew above his head to land into the leering face of the woman in the aisle seat behind me. She drew back quickly, her and her companion both laughing uncontrollably as she reached for something in her pocketbook to wipe the cum from her face.

His girlfriend did nothing but watch me masturbate him, giggling as the hot spurts of joy juice fired out of his prick one after the other, soaking the back of the chair in front of him, as well as his own thighs, with a river of sperm. I enjoyed the feeling of the gooey cum as it cascaded over my fingers, greasing my palms with his generous offering. The women behind me continued to observe my forceful handjob, thrilled to see so much semen being ejaculated through my relentless efforts. Over and over the creamy spurts shot out, one actually flying out several aisles up and landing on the back of a sleeping passenger's chair. This was greeted by one of the women exclaiming, "Épatant!" followed by unbridled laughter.

It was their laughter that finally caught the attention of the flight attendant, who came running over just in time to watch him ejaculate a fantastic volley of white cream that my wild handjob caused to shoot out in several directions at once, one stream finding its way straight onto the unsuspecting woman's skirt.

"Oh, my!" she said, laughing at the trail of sperm on her clothes.

Suddenly, everyone on the plane started to awaken at once and began to crowd around us to watch the ribald show. And then it dawned on me that all the spectators were women—not one man amongst them with the exception of the one from whose penis I was now extracting copious amounts of cum.

"Some people have no shame," said a petite, middle-aged woman with gray hair as she watched my hands mechanically continue to milk stream after stream of cock juice from the boy's convulsing prick.

"But it doesn't stop!" said another woman as the semen spouted out from the tip like a geyser.

The sperm continued to fly in all directions, sometimes shooting so high up that it impacted upon the roof of the plane. It was impossible that one man could ejaculate such a tremendous amount of semen, yet the barrage continued unabated, and my hand kept stroking his cock as if it hand a mind of its own.

"You're doing well young lady," the gray-haired woman said to me. "You have him completely under your control."

She laughed as the multitudinous ropes of cum arced into the air around her, never once touching her.

"I must congratulate you," she continued, as the milky white seed washed over my hands. "You have a most interesting technique."

I looked up at her momentarily only to find that her facial features had somehow undergone a mysterious transformation.

"I know you," I said to her.

The woman laughed and continued to follow each arc of sperm as it flew around us.

"You're Lenore aren't you?" I said.

A tremendous jet of sperm flew into the face of the woman next to her.

"Who?" she replied, as yet another woman was instantly christened with a tremendous wash of errant cum.

Seeing the woman's distress, the entire crowd now broke out into fits of laughter. Even the boy and his girlfriend were laughing, and yet his cock would not stop ejaculating, nor would my hand release its grip upon him. 

Suddenly my feet felt wet. I looked down at the floor and saw a small river of sperm building up beneath me, rising in volume with each successive ejaculation. I couldn't seem to remove my hand from the spouting behemoth, each successive stroke forcing out yet another massive eruption of creamy effluence.

"I can't make it stop!" I yelled to the crowd.

The Lenore look-a-like didn't seem to be concerned by the wave of sperm that was now washing over her own feet and that of the other women. She just stood there, like the rest of them, laughing and making rude gestures as my hand pulled furiously on the boy's cock, which had now grown to enormous proportions.

"Keep pulling on him my dear," the Lenore look-a-like said. "That's an order!"

"No, no!" I protested. "Look how much he's ejaculated! We're going to drown in cum!"

At this, they all began to howl with laughter, and amidst my futile protestations and warnings, I woke up.

I had been dreaming of course. Looking over at the two lovers, I found them both soundly asleep, as was everyone else on the plane except for the flight attendant and me.

"Are you okay, miss?" she asked me. "I heard you cry out in your sleep."

"I'm fine. It was just a crazy dream, that's all."

I had her bring me a cup of tea and then soon fell back to sleep, awaking only when the plane was approaching the airport.

Angelique's was the first familiar face I saw after passing through customs. She ran toward me with arms open wide, a joyous expression on her face. Jake followed behind her, holding a bouquet of red roses in his hands.

"Holly!" she exclaimed, practically jumping into my arms.

"I missed you so much!" I said, hugging her close to me.

She kissed me several times on the face and then stood back to look at me.

"You're as tall as I am!" she observed, checking to see if I was wearing high heels.

"I know. It's like I grew two inches over the summer!"

"God, you look great. Jake, doesn't Holly look great?"

"Yes, miss," Jake replied, poker-faced, as he handed me the bouquet. "It's nice to see you again Ms. McKenzie."

"Thank you, Jake," I replied. "It's nice to see you too."

"I have so much to tell you, Holly," Angelique said, taking my arm. "A lot of things have changed around here."

Before I could question her further, she led me away toward the parking lot with Jake following close behind us, my suitcase in his hand.

As we drove out of the airport, Angelique told Jake to close the limo's Plexiglas divider so that she and I could have some privacy. It was just 10:00 AM, and I was still suffering from jet lag, but I was eager to hear her news. Offering me a chilled bottle of spring water, which she withdrew from a small, refrigerated compartment, she began.

"What I tell you stays between us. You can't tell your parents anything, especially your mother."

"What's the big secret?"

"Do you swear not to say anything?"

I took a sip of water and nodded my head. "I swear."

"This is the thing," she said, as she locked her gaze onto mine. "My mother is running things now at the estate. Dad is out of the picture—not totally, but kind of. Let's just say that he does his thing and has his mistresses and all that shit, but mom's the boss at home."

She said this is such an emotionless way that she might have been talking about perfect strangers.

"Why don't they get a divorce?"

"Too much hassle," she replied. "They still love each other, but he needs his women, so he does what he wants and my mom does what she wants. No lawyers, no scandal—nothing."

"Do you still see him?"

"About once a month. He's living in Nice now."

"How is your mother dealing with it?"

"There's nothing she can do. He's nobility right? So she pretends everything is okay and goes about her business. Actually, she spends a lot of time with Lenore and her friends."

At the mention of the older woman's name, I immediately thought of my aunt's study and the inopportune way I had insinuated myself upon the unknowing Sisterhood. I wondered how far along my aunt had come within that organization during the year since she was inducted into their exalted ranks.

"Doing what?" I asked.

"All kinds of stuff. Sponsoring charitable events, funding programs for destitute children, providing grants for education...you name it. All of Paris loves her. It's like she's become their patron saint."

I found the thought of my hedonistic aunt performing such acts of charity somewhat amusing.

"My aunt Phoebe—the philanthropist!"

Angelique shook her head. "Not entirely."

Suddenly, her face took on a somber expression. She leaned in close to me and whispered into my ear.

"I can't tell you anything now. Wait until we get home."

That was all she would say about the matter, piquing my curiosity even more.

For the remainder of the ride we spoke about rather mundane things that had happened to both of us during the past year. She never once mentioned Delvin, but I was anxious to learn if our appearing in his next video was still a possibility, so I brought up the subject.

"I haven't heard a word about it, and I wouldn't count on that happening," Angelique said, disparagingly. "He and Maria split up, you know."

"I read about it in the tabloids. It's too bad about the video though. It would have been fun."

"I let some of my girlfriends see our video," she chuckled. You know what I'm talking about."

"No way! Really?"

"It was an instant hit. And Brittany was the star."

"Have you heard from her and Megan? They told me they were going to write to you."

"I got a few e-mails from them, but I don't correspond with them anymore."

"Why?"

"My mother's business demands a lot of my time. You'll understand soon enough."

On that enigmatic note, we moved on to discussing my studies and my lack of involvement with boys. She once again reminded me that I could have a successful social life as well as maintain my scholastic record if I would just learn to use my physical assets to take from boys what I wanted without giving them the upper hand. Beyond that, she intimated nothing further.

An hour later and we had passed beyond the outskirts of Paris and were heading west toward the open countryside. The gently sloping hills now gave way to an immense flat plain adorned for miles with the breathtaking sight of cultivated vineyards and apple groves. As we drove beyond the vineyards, we came upon the winemaking facilities of what Angelique called the "chateau Anjou," a series of single-story, wooden buildings where the wine from her father's vineyards was processed and stored. We then turned onto a dirt road that rose steadily for the next half mile until we approached the summit of a hill that leveled out onto a sun-lit meadow of cultivated lawns and gardens, in the midst of which sat the most beautiful storybook castle that I could ever have imagined.

Angelique smiled when she saw the awed look on my face, and took a moment to provide me with a brief history of the magnificent structure. She told me that Philippe of Lyon, a powerful nobleman in service to the King, had built it in 1259. Over the centuries it had served as a fortress, a munitions depot, and as a base of operations for the Germans during World War II. After the war, the castle fell into disrepair until my uncle's father decided to purchase it and the surrounding lands in the early 1950s, and undertook a massive restoration project that lasted several years. The moat and drawbridge had long since disappeared, but the charm and beauty of the grand ivory structure had been faithfully preserved.

"My father never told my mom and I about this castle," Angelique said, as she stared out the window. "When she threatened to expose his infidelities, he bought her off with this."

I could do nothing but admire the brilliant jewel that sat atop the dark green lawn like a diamond set amongst emerald begets.

"I can't believe it," I said, as the limo stopped to passed through the security gates and then onto the long concourse that ended onto a circular driveway. "This is your home?"

"Yup. The deed was signed over to my mother six months ago. She owns it all—the castle, the vineyards, and 100 acres of land. Pretty nice, huh?"

I was speechless. Never had I seen anything remotely similar, with the exception of Cinderella's castle at Disneyland, and that palled by comparison. As we approached the front entrance to the castle, the car came to a halt and Jake jumped out to open the car door for us.

"When are you going to tell me this big secret of yours?" I asked her.

"Not now," she replied, as Jake went to retrieve my luggage from the trunk.

As we walked through the front door, I found myself standing in an immense, vaulted foyer whose ceiling reached at least thirty feet above my head. The floor was made of green, travertine marble, and the stone, spiral staircase rising to my left was adorned with a series of spectacular, quasi-religious, stained-glass windows that reminded me of the inside of the church of Notre Dame, which I had visited on a previous trip. And there, standing at the top of the stairs, dressed in a simple white skirt and blouse, and bathed in the multicolored reflections of these lovely prisms of light, was my aunt Phoebe, looking as if she belonged to one of the bejeweled panels that so gracefully surrounded her.

"Aunt Phoebe!" I exclaimed, rushing up the stairs.

"Bon jour! Bon jour, my little Holly!" she cried, as she came running down the stairs to greet me, arms wide open.

We met halfway up, and, like two trains colliding together, we fell into each other's arms, holding on tightly lest the force of our impact should dislodge us from our precarious perch. We held each for a few moments saying nothing, and then she gently pulled away from me and looked me over from head to toe, smiling down upon me as if she were an angel that had just descended from the heavens.

"Look at you!" she said, beaming. "You're even more beautiful than the last time I saw you!"

"I've missed you so much, aunt Phoebe," I said, holding onto her hand.

"I've missed you!"

She took another long look at me.

"She's as tall as you are now, Angelique," she said to her daughter.

"I know, mom," my cousin replied dryly.

"And quite a young woman!"

Holding my hand, we descended the stairs together.

"Jake," she said. "Please take Holly's things to her room."

"Yes, madame," he replied, as he took my suitcase in hand and proceeded to ascend the stairs.

"So, how do you like my new home?" my aunt asked me.

"It's beautiful," I replied. "And so big!"

"There are over 50 separate rooms in this castle, and I need almost as many servants to keep up with it," she said cheerily. "But I love it. It's like living a dream."

"Angelique told me what happened with uncle Pierre. I'm sorry."

"Let's just say that I have enough information about his 'activities' to cause irreparable damage to his career. This castle was his concession to me. He now has his own life and can do what he wants. I don't hate him, Holly. In fact, I still love him. But I won't be taken for a fool. Come, let me take you on a tour."

Accompanied by my aunt and Angelique, I was shown the entire castle and the surrounding estate. It seemed to me that each successive room within the castle was lovelier than the last, and I couldn't help but feel that I was walking through the pages of a storybook. At the end of the tour, we found ourselves inside a beautiful, stonewalled courtyard, replete with its own well-manicured garden and fitted with several oak tables and chairs. We sat down and talked for a few minutes, and then my aunt realized that she had been remiss in her duties as hostess.

"How thoughtless of me!" she said. "I was more concerned with showing you the castle than I was taking care of your needs."

"Don't worry about it aunt Phoebe," I said.

"Nonsense," my aunt replied. "You must be hungry. Angelique, call Marie and tell her that we will take our lunch out here on the courtyard today."

Angelique dialed her cell phone and gave the instructions to the woman on the other end. Within minutes, several servants appeared bearing trays of sandwiches and other foodstuffs.

"How are your parents?" my aunt asked me.

"Fine," I said, reaching for a sandwich. "Of course they wanted to come. Especially mom. She calls you the 'mystery woman.'"

"Your mother—my wonderful sister—is a busy body. Has to get her nose into everything. I just don't want to dwell upon my personal problems with her. She never approved of my marriage to Pierre and I don't want to hear 'I told you so.' I think you understand."

"She can be overbearing sometimes."

"Let me tell you, Holly, when we were kids she had to know every blessed detail of my comings and goings, because your grandmother, God rest her soul, was always too drunk to give a damn. She still hasn't broken free of that habit."

"She's the same way with me," I admitted.

"She's insecure, that's why she does it. She really can't help herself."

"But why did you invite me?" I asked. "I don't mean to sound ungrateful, but you never told me."

Angelique looked at her mother with a curious stare.

"I invited you, and you alone," my aunt began with a smile to her daughter, "because I see something special in you. And I want you to have the opportunity to experience life away from your sheltered, little world in LA. Your parents are great people, don't misunderstand me. But their vision of the world is very limited. I want to give you more."

"I'm not naïve aunt Phoebe," I said, as the servants poured all of us a glass of wine. "I've seen something of the world."

"Not nearly as much as I'm going to show you."

My cousin smiled coyly as she looked at her mother and then me. It seemed to me that they were privy to some secret that I was, as of yet, not allowed to share.

"So what is all this supposed to be?" I asked, pressing for more information. "Holly's personal, cultural, enrichment program?"

My aunt laughed. "It goes far beyond that, trust me."

"Mom," Angelique said in a tone of voice that sounded to me like a warning.

"Oh, yes, yes, don't worry Angelique. I won't let the cat out of the bag. Not just yet."

My aunt noticed my look of dismay and reached out to touch my hand.

"I'm sorry, Holly. I know I'm being evasive, but I promise that I'll disclose everything to you soon enough. Please be patient."

"I'll try," I said, realizing that it would be useless to force the issue. "I just don't understand the need for all the secrecy."

"You will understand, shortly."

After lunch was over I began to feel very tired and decided to take a nap. My bedroom was spacious, occupying the farthest area of the west wing of the castle. The interior was designed to reflect its medieval heritage, with huge, exotic tapestries displaying various religious motifs, which hung languorously over the gray, marble walls and extended from the rafters to the cool, stone tiles below. Although my queen-sized bed was very comfortable, it took me a long time to get to sleep.

My mind was racing. What exactly did my aunt mean when she said that she wanted to "give me something more?" I felt that she wanted to confide something to me, but held back for reasons she could not presently divulge. Angelique had remained uncharacteristically quiet during lunch, leading me to believe that she was acting under her mother's orders. Their unwillingness to confess their secret only succeeding in piquing my curiosity even more, leaving me with a huge question mark in my mind.

I finally fell asleep and awoke several hours later feeling refreshed and anxious to talk to Angelique. I took a quick shower and dressed, and then made my way downstairs. One of the maids told me that my cousin was at the stable, so I immediately headed in that direction and found her in one of the stalls grooming a magnificent, black stallion.

"Did you get any sleep?" she asked as I approached.

"A little."

I watched her hand move up and down over the horse's flank as she brushed him vigorously.

"Isn't he beautiful?" she said.

End of Chapter 2

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 03
byfmcchris©

"Yes," I replied. "What's his name?"

"Antares."

"That's the name of a star, isn't it?"

"A giant, red star in the constellation of Scorpio," she said. "You should know. It's your sign!"

I hated it when Angelique got the upper hand with me, but I ignored her outburst.

"Are you going to ride him?"

"Right now. Want to watch me?"

"Sure."

Angelique placed a blanket on the horse's back and then secured the saddle. I followed her as she led Antares out into the coral.

"I'm just going to ride him around here today so you can see him in action," she said, as she mounted the horse. "Would you open the gate please?"

I did as she requested and watched as the horse and his rider broke into a full gallop. I was amazed at how skilled a horsewoman Angelique was, as she rode Antares in a wide circuit around the estate, leaping hurdles and other obstacles with the greatest of ease. Ten minutes later she and Antares were back in the coral, her face flushed and happy.

"Every time I ride this horse it happens," she laughed as she dismounted.

"What?"

"What do you think?"

"I can't read your mind, Angelique."

"Look at my face," she said.

"You're out of breath."

"No, you twit. I had an orgasm!"

I laughed out loud. "Are you kidding?"

"No," she replied. "Look! He's excited too!"

She pointed to the underside of the horse, where I discovered a long, black tube of flesh protruding from its underbelly. I stood there with a grin on my face.

"That happens sometimes when I brush him or when I ride him for a while," she informed me as she led the horse into the stable.

"It's so long!" I remarked as I watched the erect penis snake back and forth. "I guess you must turn him on."

She laughed. "Sometimes I wonder what's going on in that little brain of his. You're a naughty boy, Antares!"

The horse whinnied loudly in response to her rebuke, but she petted him gently on his forehead and he quickly calmed down. After she had put him back in his stall and fed him, we took a walk in my aunt's garden. I had never seen so many different varieties of flowers in bloom at one time, and the air was sweet with their fragrant aroma. There was a lovely gazebo in the garden, which was made out of white wicker and contained several tables and chairs of the same design. Angelique indicated that we should stop there and rest for a while.

"Don't say it," she began even before I had a chance to sit down. "I know what you're going to ask me."

"Well, I'm going to ask anyway," I replied. "What the hell is going on?"

She sat down in a chair a few feet away from me and thought a moment, as if trying to decide how much of her secret she should reveal.

"You remember Lenore, don't you?"

At the mention of the woman's name I felt a twinge of nervousness come over me.

"Yes," I replied.

"Well, she's coming here tomorrow night for dinner and she wants to see you."

My heart sank. Despite my silence this past year, I could not get out of my head that the Sisterhood might have somehow discovered that I had infiltrated their secret meeting and witnessed their peculiar rituals. And now I would have to pay the price of my transgression.

"Why does she want to see me?" I asked, the words catching in my throat.

"Because she likes you," Angelique said, smiling. "And she wants you to become a member of our Society."

My eyes widened. "Our Society?"

"Yes, our Society. Mom and I already belong to it."

"What's the name of this Society?" I asked, feeling my anxiety increase.

"'The Philanthropic Society of Paris,'" she answered. "It's a very big charitable organization that holds these huge meetings several times a year in different parts of the world. All kinds of rich and famous people go to these things. The last meeting was held in Stockholm, Sweden about three months ago. We had a fantastic time."

I relaxed a little at this news, but not completely; not where the Sisterhood was concerned.

"Why does she want to invite me? I'm not rich or famous."

"I told you, she likes you," Angelique said, sensing my unease. "Of course mom pulled a few strings too. Is there something wrong with that? You don't look happy."

It seemed to me that membership in this mysterious Society was a big deal to Angelique, and I didn't want to diffuse her enthusiasm by appearing too suspicious of it, which would put me in the uncomfortable position of having to explain my anxiety—and that, of course, was impossible to do.

"I guess I'm still tired from my trip," I lied.

"Well, all I know is that it's a great honor to be invited, and you should be glad Lenore thinks so highly of you."

That Lenore had desired to bestow upon me her lavish attentions the last time we met was no secret to anyone. My aunt had intimated as much. But the thought that she somehow knew about my deception made me wary.

"So, that's this big business project you and your mother are involved in? Raising money for poor people?"

"It goes far beyond that, Holly," she replied coolly.

"How far?"

"I can't tell you. But my mom and Lenore will explain a lot more about it tomorrow night. Just act surprised. My mother will kill me if she finds out I told you anything."

"But why all the secrecy?" I asked. "Don't you think it's kind of strange?"

My cousin looked at me with an expression almost bordering upon sympathy.

"Look, I went through the same thing, okay? It's like a test. She wants to see if you're...I don't know...worthy.

"Worthy? Of what?"

"Please, Holly. I can't tell you anything else."

With that she rose from her chair and told me we should get ready for dinner. On the way back I asked her several more questions, but all I received were a few cryptic responses or dead silence. The famous Angelique stubbornness was in full force.

Neither my aunt or Angelique made any mention of their unique enterprise at the dinner table that evening, and I felt no desire to broach the subject. For one thing, I was exhausted; the effects of my long trip finally beginning to take their toll upon me. For another, I felt it impolite to raise the issue since neither of them seemed inclined to discuss it. I would simply have to wait for tomorrow and hope that my tiredness would send me into blissful oblivion, where Lenore, and all thoughts of the Sisterhood, would be mercifully expunged.

I finally got to bed around 9:00 PM and enjoyed a sound and dreamless sleep. I awoke twelve hours later feeling rejuvenated, luxuriating in the scent of honeysuckle that wafted in through the window from the garden below. I slowly got out of bed and walked toward the source of the delicious aroma, sticking my head out to look down upon the oasis of flowers below and lustily drinking in their fragrance. It was a glorious day, the sun shining brightly in a cloudless sky.

After spending a few minutes gazing at the scenery from my window, I decided to take a shower and get dressed. I put on a pair of jeans, sneakers, and t-shirt, and walked into the hallway where I found a door in the northern wall that led out onto the castle's parapet. I walked along the narrow causeway until I reached the northern wall, and was greeted with a most spectacular view of the entire Anjou estate.

My hair had grown very long over the past year, reaching halfway down my back. The wind, much more powerful on the castle rooftop, now blew it in all directions as I fought to keep it under control. As I stood there admiring the breathtaking view, I saw my aunt Phoebe and Angelique exit the main entrance of the castle. My aunt was dressed in a lovely lavender suit and carried a small valise in her hands. A moment later a black limousine pulled up and stopped in front of the entrance. I saw Jake get out of the car and open the rear door of the vehicle for my aunt, who said something to Angelique before getting in. The car then drove off, leaving my cousin looking somewhat annoyed. She went back into the house and I decided to get some breakfast and find out what was going on.

I found Angelique in the foyer as I came downstairs. She was dressed in a pair of white shorts and matching top, and her sneakers were full of mud. She was removing them as I approached her.

"Where's your mother off to?" I asked.

"Oh!" she said, startled. "So you're finally up. You slept a long time."

"I think it's because the air is so clean here. No smog, like in LA."

She took both soiled shoes and placed them neatly to one side.

"I was going to pick some roses but it must have rained last night and I stepped right in a pile of mud."

"So, where did she go?" I asked again.

"I don't know. She doesn't tell me everything. Are you hungry?"

"Starved."

"Ask the cook to make you some breakfast. I'm going to ride Antares for a while. See you in an hour."

She ran down the hall toward her bedroom without another word.

I had the cook prepare a sumptuous breakfast of poached eggs, croissants, strawberries, and juice, after which I decided to take a walk in the vineyard. I said hello to the locals who had been employed to harvest the delicious fruit, but as my French was somewhat limited, I really couldn't hold much of a conversation with anyone. Sampling some of the delectable-looking grapes for myself, I spent another half hour just walking around enjoying the beautiful scenery, hoping to stave off the trepidation I was feeling at meeting Lenore once again.

It was not that I feared Lenore per se, but rather the magnitude of her power over so many other seemingly powerful women, all of whom had shown—at least from what I had seen at my aunt's initiation the previous year—the most absolute loyalty to her. As a wielder of such power, she really didn't have to lift a finger in order to have her directives obeyed. All she had to do was speak the word and her whim would be served. And if that meant finding a way of silencing me, it could easily be accomplished without getting her own hands dirty.

As I walked down the narrow, muddied lanes separating the rows of ripening fruit, some of which still bore traces of rain from the previous evening's storm, I began to think that maybe the entire idea of inviting me to become a member of her "philanthropic" society was nothing more than an elaborate scheme to lull me into a false sense of security so that she could get rid of me via some clandestine means manufactured to look like an accident. And the idea that my aunt might possibly be involved in this scheme made me shudder. Of course, all my feelings were based upon the presumption that my secret had somehow been found out, and was only waiting for the proper time and place for its disclosure and my subsequent dissolution. Of course, there was also the possibility that my secret was safe and that the invitation was genuine. But it was the uncertainty of the situation that was causing me the most anguish, and I knew that if my worst fears were realized, I would have to face them alone, far away from the sheltering influence of home and family.

Yet, the image of Lenore as an evil, heartless ringleader of an international gang of women cutthroats was not consistent with the persona she presented to the outside world. She had always been warm and engaging to anyone she met, and she had always treated me with the utmost consideration. Even during Andre Wilkins's "performance," when he had dared to question another Sisterhood member's authority, she did not show any sign of cruelty or malice toward him. Although she did deliver a harsh reprimand condemning his boldness, she employed no verbal or physical abuse in his chastisement, nor did she allow anyone else to do so. This thought offered me some temporary comfort as I made my way toward the main building where all the wine was stored.

There were several men working just outside the entrance to the storehouse, hauling heavy crates filled with wine bottles onto a truck. They smiled at me as they went about their work, and one man, who appeared to be a foreman of sorts, walked over to me carrying a bottle of wine in his hands.

"Bon jour, mademoiselle," he said, smiling as he offered me the bottle. "This is from our most recent harvest. I think you will enjoy it."

"Thank you," I replied, accepting the gift. "I didn't think anyone here spoke English."

"Most of them don't, but I do."

I was immediately taken by his rugged good looks and the gentle, brown eyes that seemed both friendly and mysterious at the same time. I don't think he was much older than I was. He was dressed simply, as most of the other workers were, in a pair of jeans and a plain, white t-shirt. His long, brown hair, thick and unruly, fell into his eyes as he spoke.

"I saw you coming from a mile away," he said, looking in the direction from which I had come. "You looked sad, so I thought maybe this would cheer you up." He tapped on the bottle. "It's a little sweet, but I think it will suit you."

"That was very thoughtful of you," I said, looking up at him.

For a few moments we stood there smiling dumbly at each other saying nothing. And then, realizing we had not introduced ourselves, he extended his hand to me.

"My name is Jacques LaSalle. I am the overseer of the Anjou vineyards. You are madame Anjou's niece?"

"Yes," I said, accepting his hand. "My name is Holly McKenzie."

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Holly," he said, holding onto my hand a little longer than might be considered customary. But, for some reason, his presumption did not seem to bother me. Maybe it was because I sensed a genuineness about him that made me feel comfortable in his presence, and which also made him reluctant to break the physical connection between us.

"You speak English very well," I noted.

"Your aunt was the one responsible for my education...and this job."

"Really?" I asked with surprise. "She put you through school?"

"Yes. She has helped many people in this country to obtain an education through her scholarship programs. She is a most remarkable woman."

He turned away just then to bark some orders to his men and then resumed.

"After I graduated from the University, she offered me a job running her winery business. I've been working here for three years now and I am very happy."

It was now very plain to see why my aunt had been so busy this past year, and explained, in part, her sporadic communication with my family during that time. Her marital problems, the acquisition and maintenance of the Anjou estate, and her involvement with her philanthropic enterprises must have made incredible demands upon her time, not to mention her mental and physical energies. To now learn that Jacques had been a direct recipient of her benefaction made me proud of her.
"I'm happy for you, Jacques," I said. "It's a beautiful place to work."

"Speaking of which," he said. "I must get back to it. It was a pleasure meeting you."

"Thanks for the wine. Maybe we'll see each other again."

"I'm sure we will," he said warmly.

He went back to issuing commands to the men on the truck as I made my way back toward the castle. At about midpoint in my journey, just as I was clearing the last row of vineyards, a middle-aged man, who was kneeling and picking grapes, called to me.

"Mademoiselle," he said, as he continued to gather bunches of grapes into a large wicker basket. "Parler vous français?"

"No, monsieur," I replied, stopping to watch him at his task.

He seemed to me to be around 50 years old, and was dressed in a pair of gray slacks and white, short-sleeve shirt. On his head he wore a large sombrero for protection from the sun. He was an attractive man, with finely chiseled features and a full, black beard. He stopped what he was doing for a moment and smiled at me.

"What's wrong?" he asked. "No kiss for me today?"

To hear him suddenly speak perfectly good English startled me.

"My aunt is expecting me," I said, backing away in response to his rather forward comment.

As I turned to go, he burst out laughing, and rose to his feet with his arms outstretched.

"Holly, wait! It's me! It's your uncle Pierre!"

I turned to look at him, still not recognizing the face, but his voice was familiar enough.

"Is that really you, uncle?" I said.

"Yes, of course it's me!" he chuckled. "You've never seen me with a beard that's all. It covers half my face!"

As I continued to stare at him I realized that it was indeed my uncle.

"Oh, my God! It is you!" I cried, running into his arms. "I'm sorry uncle. I didn't recognize you!"

He held me close to him for a long time and kissed both my cheeks.

"You have become a young lady!" he said, holding my face in the palms of his hands. "It's been two years since I've seen you last, is it not?"

"I think so," I replied. "But what are you doing here?"

"Your aunt told me you were coming to visit, and I come here a few times a month anyway to check on the grapes, so I thought I would say hello to my beautiful niece."

"But doesn't this vineyard belong to aunt Phoebe now?"

"Of course. But my name still goes on the label. She knows I stop by here on my way to my other vineyards."

"You have other vineyards?"

"Oh, yes. This is only one of several that I own. The castle too—it is only one of many."

I had never realized the extent of my uncle's wealth or power. I mistakenly believed that the castle and vineyards were his sole possessions. To learn that these properties were only part of a much more vast collection impressed me greatly.

We exchanged a few more pleasantries and then he gathered his things together and we headed back in the direction I had come, where he told me he had left his car.

"I'll drive you to the house," he said, as he put the basket of fruit in the back seat of his Porsche. "I was on my way there to see you before I decided to pick a few grapes. Is your aunt at home?"

"No, but Angelique is."

"Good. I want to talk to her."

As we pulled up to the front entrance of the castle, we found Angelique bestride Antares, having just returned from her morning ride. Father and daughter exchanged greetings and she dismounted, leading the horse to the stable with her father in tow. It appeared to me that he wanted to speak to her in private, so I went into the house and, as it was close to noon, had the cook prepare a light lunch and sat out in the courtyard to enjoy it.

About 15 minutes later I heard the sound of raised voices coming from the opposite side of the courtyard. It was Angelique and her father, and they were arguing about something. There were too many trees and statuary in the way for either of us to see the other, but the acoustics were such that I could hear every word.

"What your mother is doing is a disgrace," my uncle said. "It's shameful."

"What you did to her was shameful, papa," Angelique replied. "And please keep your voice down. She might hear us."

"Let her hear. What do I care? The girl should be told the truth anyway."

"She'll be told when my mother decides to tell her. You gave her your word."

There was a pause, and then I heard a loud bang, like that of a fist making contact with a resonant surface.

"It's disgraceful I say!" my uncle said angrily. "Why did she have to...this ridiculous thing in my face?"

He broke off speaking in English in mid-sentence, making loud exclamations in French, which I could not understand.

"It's not ridiculous and it's not your property anymore, papa. Let it go."

"I could understand when these...these events took place in the city. But this is degrading!"

"That all depends on your point of view," Angelique said impassively. "I think they're lots of fun."

"Sacré mère!" my uncle exclaimed. "She thinks they are lots of fun! It doesn't bother you that you use people in this way?"

"You use people, too, papa—in your business, your...affairs. You even used mom to shelter some of your shady business deals, so please don't preach morals to me."


For a moment it grew quiet, and all I could hear was the sound of the wind rustling in the trees. I wanted desperately to know exactly what it was that had provoked my uncle's resentment and condemnation, but nothing specific could be deduced from the content of their conversation. What "ridiculous thing" was my uncle referring to? And what was so "disgraceful" about it?

"You are my daughter, Angelique," my uncle said, breaking the silence. "And I love you very much. I am sorry that I hurt you and your mother, but you're involvement with these people can only lead to no good. I want you to stop seeing them."

"I'm sorry, papa, but you can no longer tell me what to do."

The finality of the retort caused another long, uncomfortable silence. And then I caught a brief glimpse of my uncle as he stormed out of the courtyard, looking very distraught. As he reached the door leading into the house, he turned around sharply and faced his daughter.

"I am not coming back," he said emphatically. "I will not step foot in this house until you and your mother come to your senses. And you can tell her I said so."

Without waiting for a reply, he turned and quickly exited the courtyard.

I didn't see Angelique for the rest of the day, and knowing that her dispute with her father would have put her in a decidedly sullen mood, I thought it best not to seek her company. I returned to my bedroom and made some entries in my journal, and then put on my bathing suit and went for a swim in my aunt's indoor pool. I swam for about an hour and then took a nap on one of the lounge chairs. I fell asleep quickly, waking up several hours later to see the sun dipping low in the western sky.

It was now almost 6:30 PM, and I was feeling hungry and a little chilly. I threw my towel around me and headed up to my room, encountering not a single servant along the way, which I thought strange. Even the kitchen was deserted. So much for dinner I thought.

After I had showered and dressed, I made my way to the kitchen to find something to eat. The refrigerator was full of all different kinds of food that required time-consuming preparation, and I was not in the mood to spend several hours in such a task. After some searching, I came across a plate of cold lamb chops, which I cut into several thin pieces and placed between two slices of bread. I then poured myself a glass of wine and sat down at the kitchen table to eat. I had only taken a few mouthfuls when my cousin came bursting through the door.

What the hell are you doing?" she asked gruffly.

"What does it look like?" I responded.

"Are you crazy? We're having dinner with Lenore tonight. Did you forget?"

"No, I didn't forget," I replied between mouthfuls. "But I was hungry. And besides, where is everybody anyway?"

"They'll be here in half an hour. Now put that stuff away."

I did not like being reprimanded by my cousin, so I ignored her and took another bite of my sandwich just to show her that I was not one to jump at her commands.

"Holly, please!"

"All right, take it easy," I said, as I slowly returned the plate of food to the refrigerator.

"What happened to the cook and all the other servants?" I asked.

"Mom sent them home."

"Why?"

"Because Lenore requested it."

"Lenore requested it?"

"She has her reasons."

"And what about dinner?"

"They're bringing home Chinese food. You like Chinese food, don't you?"

"I like Chinese food when it's made in LA," I replied, shaking my head. "This is getting weirder all the time."

Angelique laughed at my comment, showing no sign of the distress she must have felt from her previous confrontation with her father. In fact, she seemed very excited about our upcoming dinner with Lenore and her friends, and could hardly wait to get me to her bedroom to show me what dress she was going to wear for the occasion.

She pulled the doors to the armoire wide open and pulled out a simple, low-cut, black dress with lace frills on the bottom.

"How do you like it?" she asked.

"It suits you," I replied. "Direct and to the point."

"You better get dressed, too. It's getting late."

I had already chosen my outfit the day before. It was a beautiful, emerald-green dress that I had bought at one of the Parisian boutiques on a previous visit. It had always been my favorite dress, and when Angelique saw me in it she was spellbound.

"A young Elizabeth Taylor," she said, sizing me up. "That's who you look like. I finally figured it out."

She had me model the dress for her, complimenting me highly on my appearance.

"Lenore is going to love you in this," she said happily. "You have no right to be so fucking gorgeous!"

I allowed her to make some last-minute adjustments to my hair and clothes, enduring each little poke and jab with a patient sigh.

"Did you know that this dress is the same color as your eyes?" she asked as she pulled my hemline down. "Outrageous!"

I thought it incongruous that we should be dressed so formally when we were going to have a casual dinner of Chinese take-out food. But my aunt had insisted we wear our formal attire out of respect for Lenore, and I was in no position to argue the issue. Although I was still feeling nervous about meeting her, I still wanted to make a positive impression upon the older woman, if nothing more than out of respect for myself.

It was just after 8:00 PM when the front door opened and my aunt came waltzing into the foyer, where Angelique and I had remained making final adjustments to our makeup. Lenore, Justine, and Estelle followed her closely; all of them dressed in evening gowns and high heels like my aunt, as if they were going to attend some formal gala event. Jake came up behind them carrying two large bags of Chinese food.

"Leave it all on the kitchen table, Jake," my aunt instructed him.

Jake quickly obeyed and hurried into the kitchen with his packages. As he walked past us, my aunt caught sight of us standing in the corner in front of a huge, ornate 18th-century mirror, which we had used to inspect our appearance. Upon seeing us, she stopped short and stood there with her mouth open.

"Will you look at this, Lenore?" she said. "Who are these two beautiful women?"

"Mon amour!" Lenore exclaimed as she walked over to me and kissed me on both cheeks. "How lovely you are—and so tall!"

Her warm reception seemed to me genuine enough, but the voice inside my head told me to be wary.

"It's a pleasure to see you again Ms. Marceau," I replied with a slight curtsey.

"No, no!" she laughed. "Call me Lenore, please. And you don't have to be formal with me my little beauty. The gowns are just for show, not to impose restrictions upon anyone."

Justine and Estelle greeted me in much the same fashion, commenting on how much I had seemed to mature over the past year. They hadn't changed much themselves during that time. Both of them still sported the same short coiffure, but their auburn hair seemed to have more of a touch of red in it than I had remembered.

"I'm surprised you haven't gone into modeling with a face like yours," Justine said to me.

I might have asked the same of her with her beautiful smile and round, but pretty, face.

"Modeling doesn't interest me," I said. "I'm studying to be a writer."

"Studying?" Estelle said. "One doesn't study to be a writer. One is or one isn't. The little that can be taught isn't worth learning."

"And how would you know?" Justine said. "What writing have you done? You're an accountant!"

"I know a little about the arts," Estelle said, defensively. "You have to live life in order to write about it, that much I know. Holly, you're wasting your time in college."

"She is not wasting her time," my aunt chimed in. "She just doesn't want to get by on her good looks. Come on. Let's have dinner. I'm famished."

We followed my aunt into the kitchen where Jake was busy arranging the food selections on the table. After he was done my aunt dismissed him and she invited each of us to help ourselves to the food, which we then carried into the dining room. My aunt sat at the head of the table with Lenore to her immediate right and Justine and Estelle taking up chairs to her left. Angelique sat next to Lenore and I took the seat next to my cousin, grateful to have a little distance between the Sisterhood leader and myself.

Having feasted on the wonderful Chinese cuisine of downtown LA all my life, I found this particular incarnation of that venerable food greatly lacking. Nonetheless, my aunt and her friends seemed to relish every bite, pausing only to speak a word of praise about how delicious the food was before taking another mouthful. We didn't talk much at the beginning of the meal as we were all hungry, but after our appetites had been whetted somewhat, and the white wine began to take effect, the conversation began to flow freely.

Most of the talk that evening centered around rather mundane issues concerning my aunt's and Lenore's various business ventures, with a heaping serving of jokes thrown in for good measure. For a time the sole topic of discussion was business-related, and Angelique and I were left out of the general conversation. I could see that my cousin was getting irritated at being ignored for so long a time, and she suddenly spoke up, rudely interrupting her own mother who was in the midst of relating a funny tale.

"Dad was here today," she said to my aunt.

"Oh," my aunt replied, trying to hide her annoyance at her daughter's lack of propriety. "What did he want?"

"The same complaints as usual. He said he's not coming back."

"He has to come back to check on the wine. Did you tell him that?"

"I don't think he cares any more mom," my cousin replied, sticking her fork into a piece of meat. "He doesn't approve of...what's going on."

As she said this, she stole a look at Lenore and then at her mother. The older woman cleared her throat and drew herself up in her chair.

"You are not answerable to Pierre any longer, Phoebe," Lenore said. "We can find someone else to take over production here."

"But we are still friends," my aunt said. "And he has great wine-making expertise. It's just that he doesn't like..."

"Me," Lenore said, completing the sentence.

"And then of course..."

"Yes...that."

My aunt suddenly looked at me as if seeing me for the first time that evening.

"Oh, Holly, I'm so sorry," she said. "I think it's time we told you what's going on here."

"That would be nice mom," Angelique emphasized.

All eyes turned to Lenore, who sat contentedly with her wine glass in her hand. She took a sip from the glass and gently laid it back on the table.

"You have been found out, my dear Holly," she said in an incriminating voice. "Your secret has been revealed."

The discomfort I felt in my stomach at that moment made me regret that I had eaten so much of the barely palatable food. The moment I had dreaded for so long was now upon me and I didn't know what to say or do. I looked from face to face, but there was no hint of pity or sympathy in any of them. Lenore's face was the most stern of all.

"What? What secret?" I stammered.

"Phoebe," she said. "Show her."

My aunt lifted her handbag onto the table and withdrew a videocassette, which she handed to Justine.

"Go ahead," she said to her associate. "Let her see it."

Justine walked over to the television set that was standing in one corner of the room and placed the cassette into the VCR. Angelique gripped my hand hard.

"It's going to be okay," she whispered.

But I didn't feel okay. And as soon as I saw the first frame I felt even worse. For there, on the television set's 27-inch screen, was the image of a huge, black penis being furiously masturbated by two sets of hands. One of these belonged to Megan, and the other set, as one could see as the camera panned upwards to reveal the leering face, belonged to me.

"Oh, my God!" I uttered as I buried my face in my hands.

Without thinking, I stumbled out of my chair and ran out of the room, heading toward the front entrance as a chorus of women's voices trailed after me. I flung open the front door and ran out onto the driveway where I halted after hearing Angelique's desperate pleas for me to stop. I stood there shaking in the cool night air, angry with my cousin that she had been so careless with the incriminating tape.

"The only thing worse than this," I said to her as she ran up behind me, "is if that tape wound up in my parent's hands. How fucking stupid can you be?"

I was not used to using curse words as a general rule, and I never used them with Angelique, even though she felt no similar restraint in my presence. She had never seen me really angry before, and I think it shocked her because she stood silently for several moments with her mouth hanging wide open, unable to say anything.

"Are you that careless that you could allow such a thing to get out of your hands?" I said confronting her. "What did you do? Offer it as a gift to your mother?"

She did not remain shocked for long. Reaching out her hand to me, she grabbed it and pulled me to her with a violent jerk.

"Didn't you hear what I said? I said it was going to be okay. Mom and Lenore know all about the video. Their fine with it, trust me."

"Fine with it?" I sneered. "How can they be fine with it? It's a goddamn porno tape!"

"Oh, there's so much you don't understand, Holly. Come back inside and they'll explain everything."

"No!" I hissed. "Do you know how embarrassed I am over this? And you! How could you set me up like that? I want to rip your fucking hair out!"

"Holly, stop it!"

It was my aunt's voice. She was standing in the doorway with Lenore at her side, both of them looking like two truant officers who had just cornered a juvenile delinquent.

"You humiliated me," I said to my aunt. "How could you do this?"

"There is nothing for you to be humiliated about, young lady," Lenore said. "Your aunt found the tape by accident and brought it to me, and I'm glad she did. The tape is the reason why I had your aunt invite you here, so that I could introduce you to our Society."

"Please, Holly, don't make this difficult for me," my aunt implored. "Come inside and we'll talk. Things are not the way they seem."

Angelique stood there quietly, waiting to see what my next move would be.

I lingered for a time considering what to do, but soon realized that my desire to get to the truth outweighed any other desire of mine. I decided that the best thing to do would be to hear them out and proceed from there. With Angelique following closely behind, I went back into the house and sat down once again at the table next to my cousin. Justine and Estelle eyed me curiously, but said nothing.

"Holly," my aunt began. "I want you to listen very closely to what Lenore has to say. If you don't like what you hear, we'll say no more about it and that will be that. Fair enough?"

"I guess so."

My aunt smiled and turned to Lenore. "Do what you think is best."

Lenore reached for a bottle of wine and began to fill her glass. I watched as the golden liquid rose toward the top, the little bubbles reflecting the light like miniature prisms.

"I know you must have a lot of questions," the Sisterhood leader said. "But I would like you to hear what I have to say first. If you have any questions to ask after that, I will gladly answer them. Agreed?"

I nodded my head.

"Very well."

Before she began, she had Angelique trade places with me at the table, so that I was now sitting right next to the older woman. I had never felt more ill at ease in my life.

"I don't want you to feel embarrassed by the fact that we saw the video. Actually, we found it quite amusing."

"Very amusing," Justine laughed.

"I didn't find it amusing when I first saw it," my aunt said to me. "Especially when Angelique told me she had engineered the whole thing. But it proved to me that she and you have a great deal in common with us. More than you know. Lenore will explain it to you."

Lenore took a sip of wine and softly cleared her throat.

"Holly, when I met you last year," she began, "I saw something in you that reminded me of myself at your age; a charming forthrightness, a desire for accomplishment, and the need to control and dominate the world around you."

"You're talking about Angelique," I said.

"No, I'm talking about you," Lenore replied, slightly displeased at having been interrupted.

She let her eyes fall upon my aunt Phoebe, who in turn looked at me half pleadingly.

"Okay," I said. "I'm sorry."

The older woman accepted my apology and continued.

"Angelique does share many of the same qualities as you, but she is a blunt tool compared to your, let's say, more refined sensibilities."

Lenore turned to my cousin who now sat there wearing a frown.

"Don't be insulted, Angelique," Lenore said. "I speak the truth and you and your mother both know it. You are headstrong and determined to have your way at all costs. And while these traits may serve you well in certain circumstances, they are not the qualities I am seeking in a protégé."

Angelique seemed to take this news with casual indifference rather than with disappointment, as if she had been expecting such a disclosure.

"You, on the other hand," Lenore said turning to me, "possess great insight and flexibility in your dealings with others. And, most importantly, you temper your judgment by considering all circumstances, not just those that suit you. This is the mark of a true leader."

Lenore smiled as she said this, and I noticed that both Justine and Estelle nodded their heads in agreement with their superior's estimation of my psychological profile. But my aunt's face looked sad as she stole a glance at her daughter, who now sat with her hands folded on the table looking pensive. By the looks on both their faces, I surmised that this issue had been discussed previously between all of them, and that they knew what to expect. I, however, had to wonder how Lenore had managed such a prodigious feat of psychoanalysis upon me given our limited contact. I could only imagine that our original encounter had made such an impression upon her that she could not help but arrive at this singular determination.

"From what I have seen," Lenore continued, "and from what your aunt has told me about you, I would like to invite you to become a member of our Philanthropic Society, and to serve alongside me as my protégé in the administration of its duties."

I forced myself to react with surprise to this news, since Angelique had already warned me that the offer would be made.

"It's a great honor," Justine said to me. "No one your age has ever been admitted before."

"Or to such a position of power," Estelle agreed.

I could tell that my aunt was happy for me, yet equally dismayed that her own daughter had been passed over in my favor. Angelique forced a smile, the foreknowledge of Lenore's decision seeming to have less effect upon her than my aunt.

"Well," Lenore asked me. "What do you have to say to that?"

"I'm...flattered." I stammered. "I had no idea you thought of me so highly."

"Nonsense. I can recognize superior quality when I see it."

"Thank you," I said graciously. "May I ask what this Society does?"

"Simply put, it is a Society of women such as myself, your aunt, and others who possess a genuine desire to promote humanitarian efforts throughout the world. We have chapters in over 30 countries, but our corporate headquarters are based here in Paris. We have a very aggressive outreach program spearheaded by some of the most wealthy and influential women in the world. Our intent is to provide money and resources to fund educational and social improvement programs to developing countries, as well as offering charitable services on a global scale. Our ultimate aim is to create a better world by virtue our humanitarianism. Does that sound like an organization you would choose to belong to?"

Despite my cousin's divulging Lenore's proposal, I nonetheless felt a tinge of pride at being singled out for such an honor by a woman as powerful as Lenore. Yet I could not help but believe that this "humanitarian" society—regardless of the claims made for it by its leader—was something more than it appeared to be on the surface. Knowing the secretive nature of the Sisterhood, I had to consider that the Society was nothing more than a phantom organization designed purposely to shelter a more proactive Society within.

"It sounds very interesting," I replied. "But it also sounds like it would require a lot of my time. I'm still in college, you know."

"I realize that. All we would ask of you in the beginning is to devote a portion of your summer vacation to learn and participate in our programs. I can assure you that it will be a very rewarding experience for you."

"And you will act as my mentor?"

"Yes."

I found myself staring at her longer than what might be considered appropriate, and she responded by lowering her gaze. I didn't mean to be disrespectful, but I think I was trying to search her face for some clue to possible motives that lay hidden behind her placid expression. From what Angelique had intimated, I knew that there had to be a reason as to why she wanted me to be a part of this organization that went far beyond the explanation she had offered.

"I'll have to think about it," I said, staring the older woman in the face.

Lenore's expression registered at first surprise and then dismay as she sought the eyes of my aunt and her two associates—all of whom seemed equally puzzled at my reluctance to jump at her offer. I don't think she had expected the response she received, but she forced a smile nonetheless

"Take all the time you need," she said politely. "There's no rush."

Behind her words was a tinge of disappointment. That I did not readily accept her invitation did not sit well with either Justine or Estelle.

"Holly, I don't think you understand what Lenore is trying to do," Justine began. "This is an opportunity..."

"Justine, let it go," Lenore said softly.

"But she doesn't..."

"This is not your decision to make," Lenore said, slightly raising her voice. "Holly is being prudent and we will say no more about it."

Justine desisted in arguing further, but I could tell that she was greatly displeased at being preempted by her superior.

"May I say something?" Estelle said, raising her hand.

"What is it?" Lenore replied hastily.

"Why don't you just tell Holly the truth? After all, we've seen the video. We know what her character is like, and she is Phoebe's niece. I think she can handle it."

"I agree," Justine quickly jumped in.

"Me too," Angelique added. "I think you should tell her."

Lenore gave my cousin a bemused look, but turned to my aunt.

"You're the one who wanted to play this close to the vest, Phoebe," she said. "I leave it in your hands."

My aunt sat there studying me, her chin resting in the palm of her hand. She was a brilliant tactician, my aunt Phoebe, letting Lenore conduct my interview while quietly evaluating my responses. She must have liked what she heard because she smiled at me and poured herself another glass of wine.

"Everything Lenore has told you is the truth," she said to me. "But there is another, shall we say, 'aspect' to our Society that only a very privileged few know about. After seeing the video and after the way you conducted yourself here tonight, I think we can trust you to keep our secret."

"Are you sure, Phoebe?" Lenore asked. "It is still kind of early."

"I think she's ready, Lenore," my aunt replied without taking her eyes off me.

"Go ahead, mom. Tell her the whole thing," Angelique said with some impatience.

"I intend to," my aunt replied.

Justine and Estelle seemed greatly pleased by my aunt's decision, but Lenore looked a bit concerned. I think she felt that my indoctrination was proceeding a bit too fast for her liking, but her deference toward my aunt made it obvious that she was not the one to make the final decision. Angelique had no reservations about the truth being revealed to me. She simply sat there with a big grin on her face, growing more fidgety with each passing moment, even ticking me under my arm to emphasize her growing excitability.

"Holly," my aunt began, "I discovered your little contribution to the pornographic industry a few weeks after you left San Diego. I caught Angelique and her friends watching it one evening when she thought I was out. At first I was shocked. But then my shock turned to amusement, and gradually I realized that you girls really enjoyed controlling Delvin the way you did. And controlling men for our pleasure and amusement is that 'aspect' of our Society I was telling you about. In Angelique's case, we found that we had more in common than we knew. It was a revelation for both of us, and she now serves in the Society—actually 'Sisterhood' is the proper name for it—as my second in command."

Upon hearing the name "Sisterhood" spoken aloud after such a long time made me feel decidedly uncomfortable. I tried my best not to show my feelings because I didn't want to give them any inclination that I possessed any knowledge of their secret organization. But my old fears nonetheless returned, despite the smiling faces surrounding me.

"In your case, however," she continued, "I had to be more circumspect because of your nosy mother. That's why I had to get you away from her: to find out if you had what it takes to be a member of our group. I see now that you do."

"That video was made while we were all under the influence of marijuana," I said. "We all got carried away."

"It doesn't matter. By itself that drug couldn't have induced you to act the way you did. Some part of you truly enjoys being in control. You and Angelique have that in common."

She paused at this point to look at her daughter and then at me.

"I was disappointed when Lenore chose you to be her protégé instead of my daughter. The funny thing was, Angelique wasn't bothered by it at all. Do you find that surprising?"

"Yes," I replied, turning to my cousin.

Angelique frowned. "I'm like John the Baptist to your Christ," she said to me. You're the Chosen One."

"And all of you know why I chose Holly," Lenore interjected. "We needn't go over that again."

"No need at all," my aunt agreed.

"Wait a minute," I said. "What do you mean, 'Chosen One'?"

Lenore looked at me hard.

"If you choose to join us you will be trained under my tutelage to one day take my place as head of the Sisterhood."

Several moments passed in awkward silence as I tried unsuccessfully to absorb this new information. It was only when I began to feel Angelique's fingers digging into my ribs that I realized that my mouth had been wide open for too long a time and that the women were beginning to look at me as if I had suddenly gone mute.

"What... what did you say?" I finally managed to blurt out, unable to conceal my dumbfounded expression.

Lenore turned to my aunt with a look that made me think she was now regretting ever having made the statement. It was so quiet at that moment that all I could hear was the sound of the grandfather clocking ticking in the corner of the room.

"Holly," my aunt said in an almost patronizing tone, "Lenore has chosen you to succeed her and you should regard this as a great honor. However, we can't force you to join us. You must come to that decision on your own."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Never in my life did I ever expect to become involved with the Sisterhood, let alone be chosen to one day become its supreme leader. I had spent the better part of a year trying to forget about the mysterious society of women for fear of being found out, and here I was being solicited for membership. It was all quite surreal to me.

"I can't imagine why you would choose someone like me," I said to Lenore, "when you must have other, more qualified, candidates."

"A lot of people will be disappointed if you become my protégé," she said. "But after much thought I came to realize that we need new blood in this organization— someone who can lead us in a new direction, with new ideas, new leadership. I believe that person is you."

She said this with perfect sincerity. And as I looked around the table I noticed that everyone else had that same expectant look on their faces, as if by their entreating expressions I could be induced to acquiesce and accept my place within the Sisterhood.

"I don't know about this," I said feeling overwhelmed. "I will need to learn more about this...Sisterhood before making a decision."

"It's not an easy decision to make," my aunt said. "But there is something we can show you that may help you to decide."

"Do you think that is wise?" Lenore asked my aunt.

"We all agreed to tell Holly the truth. We may as well show her everything."

"Yes, mom," Angelique said, rising abruptly from her chair. "Let's show her the Masturbatorium!"

Everyone happily agreed with this suggestion except for Lenore, who although smiling, seemed a bit unsure if I was prepared to undertake the voyage into the Sisterhood's most sacrosanct world.

"Follow me," my aunt said.

As we walked down the hallway toward her study I began to feel a sense of anxiety sweep over me, curious to see what this 'Masturbatorium' actually was, yet fearing that I might never get out of it alive. For some strange reason, I couldn't get the thought out of my head that this entire thing was merely a setup, and that I was soon going to be punished for spying on them.

Upon entering the study, my aunt directed our attention toward a wall full of books that stretched from one end of the room to the other.

"No, we didn't take a wrong turn," she said to me, noticing my puzzled expression.

"But I thought we were going to the..."

"We are. Watch."

As she said this, she pressed a button on a small, black, metal box she had been carrying in her purse, and moments later the bookcase moved slowly inwards, revealing a lit corridor behind it.

"This entrance is used only by me and the other chapter leaders," my aunt said to me. "Everyone else uses the entrance on the north side of the gate."

I looked at her with surprise.

"Are you saying that the Masturbatorium is...here?"

"The dungeon was completely refurbished over the past six months. You're in for a treat."

"But I always thought..."

Realizing that I was almost on the verge of admitting prior knowledge of the mysterious place, I quickly shut my mouth. However, it was not enough to prevent Lenore from inquiring further.

"You always thought...what?" she asked me in a decidedly suspicious tone.

I almost felt as if a gun was being put to my head, and I was forced to think quickly. If I fumbled for an answer I knew she would push me until she discovered the truth, and that would most likely spell my doom.

"I, ah, assumed that from what you told me that the Masturbatorium would be a...you know...enormous place. I had no idea it would be in someone's home."

Lenore seemed content with my quick response, but she continued to stare me down for several moments, looking for any perceived weakness in my defense of myself. She had seemed so friendly to me that it was disconcerting to find her so ready to go on the defensive at the mere implication of a possible betrayal. But then I had to remind myself that this was a woman who, although kindly enough to those whom she counted her friends, could be ruthlessly ambitious in her determination to weed out those whom she considered a possible threat.

"The Masturbatorium had been located in Paris for many years," my aunt said, as she wedged her body between the narrow passage way. "But we've outgrown it. Everything that was there has now been moved here."

"Now you know why mom and I have been so busy," Angelique added, following immediately behind her mother.

We walked down a long corridor at the end of which was an elevator. The sound of our high heels striking the concrete floor below reverberated in the expansive hallway, but no one said anything until we were all inside the elevator. Angelique pressed a button and I felt the elevator begin to slowly descend. I noticed that there were several sublevels and wondered how this was possible.

"The infrastructure was here of course," my aunt informed me. "The old dungeon had three levels. All I did was modernize everything."

"But why?" I asked. "Why go to all this trouble?"

"The secret to a more civilized world is via the control of men by women," my aunt Phoebe said to me. "That is the purpose of the Masturbatorium. You will see many things here tonight, Holly. All I ask is that you keep an open mind."

Within seconds the elevator ceased its motion and the doors opened to reveal a small antechamber and a single small door through which, I presumed, we were to pass through. Without another word, my aunt placed a key into the door lock and opened it, inviting us all to go through.

"Prepare yourself to enter a strange, new world, Holly," my aunt said as I watched first Lenore and then Estelle and Justine pass through the door. "Angelique and I will be your guides on your journey. Stay close to us and don't wander about on your own."

"I'll keep an eye on her mom," Angelique said, grabbing my hand.

My cousin pulled me gently through the door with my aunt close behind. The two of them laughed when they saw my eyes open wide with astonishment. I felt like Alice who had just discovered another world on the opposite side of the looking glass.

"Oh, my God!" I exclaimed, as I allowed my eyes to scan the area from left to right. "It's so...so big!"

"The room size is equal to the square area of the castle itself," my aunt said proudly.

"But all these people!" I exclaimed. "How did they get here?"

"A shuttle bus takes them from the winery through an underground tunnel that passes under the north gate."

"That's amazing. I would have never guessed. It's like a world of its own. And you say there are several more levels below?"

"Yeah," Angelique said with a sinister laugh. "For the more intense sessions."

I was going to ask her what she meant but I was too astounded by what I was seeing to question her. The only thing I could compare it to would be an airport concourse, replete with tables, chairs, period furniture, and accoutrements of all kinds contained within a vast array of splendid set pieces, kiosks, and alcoves that ran along the periphery of the room. The entire middle area was left vacant of any furnishings except for a large circular bar and buffet table from which drinks and food were being served. I noticed immediately that all the women were dressed as we were, and that the bartenders and the serving staff were all male; all of them scantily clad in only a pair of thongs and a bow tie. At first no one seemed to notice our presence, but one of the women in the crowd came running over to us as soon as she saw my aunt and called her friends over in a hasty display of gushing affection.

"There you are Phoebe!" the woman said extending her arms out toward my aunt. "You look wonderful!"

She was tall, beautiful, and spoke in an Italian accent.

"Thank you, my dear," my aunt replied, as she allowed herself to be hugged. "You look lovely as ever."

As soon as my aunt said the woman's name, I remembered who she was. Her name was Felicia Antonetti, and she had been one of the women in attendance at the Sisterhood meeting I had unwittingly spied upon a year ago in my aunt's study. Seeing her up close made me appreciate her beauty even more.

"But where is Lenore?" Felicia asked, smiling. "I thought I saw her come through the door with your two associates."

"They were here a minute ago," my aunt replied. "I would like you to meet my niece. This is Holly McKenzie. She's my sister's kid who is visiting with us from Los Angeles."

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Holly," Felicia said, as she took my hand in hers. "You are very beautiful."

"Thank you," I said, finding her affable nature most appealing.

Felicia then hugged and kissed Angelique as the other women in her entourage began to flock around us.

It didn't take long for my aunt to be besieged by these well-meaning but pushy women who all but dominated her attentions until she was forced to raise her voice for silence. I recognized several of them from the previous year's meeting, and one of them, Janet Walsh, whose incredibly lovely legs had been christened with a half-gallon of Andre Wilkins's sperm, seemed the most annoying.

"One of your waiters says that you ran out of whipped cream," Janet complained to my aunt. "How am I going to have my ice cream without it? You know how much I love whipped cream, Phoebe. He should be punished."

Suddenly Lenore peeped her head out from behind the crowd.

"Oh, shut up about your whipped cream," she said to Janet. "Phoebe's got her niece with her tonight and no one wants to hear about your problems."

"Oh, really?" Janet replied, as she looked me over. "Are you the niece?"

"This is Holly, everybody," my aunt said. "And I don't want to hear any mention of business tonight. Angelique and I are going to take her on the grand tour."

"Oh, that's wonderful!" said a woman I recognized as Gertrude. "There is much to see."

"That's correct," my aunt said. "So the sooner we get going, the better. Ladies, I'll see you all a little later."

Lenore made sure that our progress was not further impeded by the lively bunch of females, and she had both Justine and Estelle run interference for us as my aunt, my cousin, and I made our way toward a set of stairs on the far side of the room. On our way I noticed many familiar faces—celebrities, musicians, politicians, and others who were engaged in conversations of their own. As we passed some of them, they would acknowledge my aunt with a nod of the head or a quick hello. As I mentioned earlier, there was not one man among them with the exception of the wait staff.

"Are you thirsty Holly?" Angelique asked.

"I could go for a club soda," I replied.

With merely a nod of her head, the nearest waiter immediately drew up beside Angelique and took her order. He returned only moments later with my soda and bottled water for herself and her mother.

"That was quick," I said, impressed by the man's haste in satisfying our order.

"He'd better be," Angelique remarked as she took a drink from the bottle.

My aunt stopped at the top of the landing and waited before descending. She seemed excited but a bit nervous all at once.

"As you know, Holly, there are more levels below this one," she began. "This top floor is a meeting and reception area only. The floors beneath us contain what we call our "training rooms".

"Training rooms?" I asked.

"Yes. But we are only going to visit the floor beneath us. I can't allow you to see the other floors. Not yet. Are you ready?"

"I guess so," I said, pondering what hidden wonders or terrors lurked below us and why I was forbidden to see them.

"Don't feel embarrassed. Some of what you will see undoubtedly surprise you, even shock you, but it's all done in a spirit of good will, and for the good of the Sisterhood."

With that, she turned her back on us and beckoned her daughter and I to follow her down the long flight of stairs.

As soon as we arrived on the floor below, we followed my aunt through a large, steel door in order to pass into the main room. Upon entering, I noticed that the lighting was a bit more subdued than on the floor above. The physical layout was similar but there was less furniture and more open space in which small groups of women had gathered. And in the midst of them, one or more men, all of them naked, were engaged in various stages of subservient behavior.

"Jump!" I heard one woman say to a man whom she had walking about on hands and knees. He was wearing a dog leash, and was trying to use his teeth to grasp a piece of chicken she held over his head.

"Obedience training," my aunt explained as I stood there half giggling, half repulsed, by the ridiculous sight.

We made a leisurely circuit around the immense room, taking in the various scenes of lewd and sometimes emasculating behavior as it played itself out in a multitude of assorted vignettes conducted by the women. We were ignored for the most part, but as we continued to circumnavigate the room, several women at last recognized my aunt and Angelique and struck up conversations with them. One of these women was a particularly beautiful, tall, blonde Swedish woman who spoke perfect English. Her friend, another lovely blonde Swede, who I found rather imposing, stood behind her amongst several other women, giving orders. The two of them were conducting what appeared to be an experiment with two young men—a tall, handsome blonde boy about 20 years old or so, and an attractive, black man who appeared to be in his mid 30s and who had the body of a weightlifter.

Upon seeing my aunt, the two women came over to us and shook hands with her.

"I can't tell you how happy I am to see you, Christiana," my aunt said to the shorter of the two women. "I was so hoping that Bonnie would finally come."

"I tried to persuade her, but I guess it's not her thing. Good evening, Angelique."

"Hi, Dr. Swensen."

"Please, Christiana. No need to be formal," the pretty doctor smiled.

"Christiana, this is my niece Holly," my aunt said. "It's her first visit to the Masturbatorium."

"Oh," Christiana said to me as we shook hands. "It looks like we have something in common. It's a pleasure to meet you, Holly."

"Nice to meet you too, Christiana."

"This is my friend and associate, Rebecca Hellstrom."

"Hi Holly," Rebecca smiled as she, too, took my hand in hers.

"Christiana and Rebecca are two very famous doctors from Stockholm," my aunt said to me. "They invented a very amazing drug called 'EJAX-472,' which helps men with impotence problems. Have you ever heard of them?"

The way my aunt phrased the question, it seemed as if I should have been aware of their amazing scientific discovery.

"No, I'm sorry, I haven't," I replied a bit sheepishly.

The two doctors smiled at me, neither showing any indication of displeasure at my admission of ignorance.

"So, how was your flight?" my aunt asked the women.

"Uneventful, thank heavens," Christiana answered.

"There's something to be said for that," my aunt said. "I'm glad you got the men to agree to come with you."

"So am I," Christiana replied. "They can't wait to take part in the competition."

"Competition?" I asked.

"The 'Longs Shot' Festival. Haven't you heard of it?"

"Holly doesn't know anything about it just yet, but she will," my aunt said to the doctor.

Angelique laughed. "Wait till she sees Jacques!"

"Now don't go and give everything away Angelique," my aunt said. "There's plenty of time for that."

"Jacques?" I asked. "I met a guy named 'Jacques' in the vineyard yesterday."

"That's him! He's our hero," Angelique said. "Our 'Mr. Long Shot'. Those two don't stand a chance."

She glanced at the two men who were standing several feet away. The black man stood next to the smaller white boy, both of them were completely naked and were being fondled from head to toe by a group of giggling women. There were various devices lying about on the floor around them, and it looked like the women had been working them over for some time judging by their enormous erections. I still didn't know anything about the competition my aunt and the others were talking about and I was growing anxious to know the details.

"I remember both of them very well," my aunt said to Christiana, noticing me watching them. "They put on quite an impressive display at your birthday party a few months ago."

"They certainly did," Rebecca agreed. "The most amazing thing of all is that both men seemed to have permanently gained at least another inch in penis size as a result of taking EJAX-472. By now, of course, the drug is completely out of their system, so their sperm count and ejaculatory powers are back to normal—if you want to call a 10-foot ejaculation normal."

"Ten feet?" my aunt laughed. "Well Jacques can top that I'm sure. It should be a most interesting competition."

"Is it true that there will be over thirty countries represented?" Christiana asked my aunt.

"That' right. And the contestants and their trainers will be occupying this floor for the next two weeks. It's going to be a glorious event."

"And the proceeds all go to charity?"

"Yes."

At this point I was no longer able to maintain my curiosity and spoke up, not caring any longer if I appeared ignorant.

"Will someone please tell me what this contest is all about?"

Suddenly I heard a voice come from behind me.

"Are they leaving you in the dark?" the voice said.

"Where have you been?" my aunt said. "I've been looking for you."

It was Lenore, followed by Justine and Estelle.

"I have a man I've entered into the contest too, you know. I had to check up on him. Now tell Holly what she wants to know."

"I assume you've met already?" my aunt said to Lenore, indicating Christiana and her associate.

"Yes, we met earlier," Lenore replied. "How are things going with your boys?"

"Fine," Christiana said. "We were just about to finish today's training session."

"Perfect!" Lenore said. "Let's all get some chairs and watch. We can watch of course?"

"Certainly," Christiana replied good-naturedly. "Have a seat."

Being surrounded by all these imposing women, I suddenly felt invisible.

"What training session?" I asked my aunt. "And what's all this talk about 10-foot ejaculations? Will someone please tell me what's going on?"

Seeing the distraught look on my face, Angelique burst out laughing. Justine and Estelle, too, broke down into fits of laughter.

"Tell her, mom," my cousin said.

As Christiana and Rebecca sat down next to us to go over some last-minute details, my aunt explained in an off-hand way what the contest was all about.

"As I think you already know," she began, "helping men to relieve them of their sperm is one of the best ways to keep them docile and subservient. It is also a fantastic form of amusement for us gals. A few years ago, one of the Sisterhood members came up with an idea to hold contests in which we could use men in such a way. One of these contests is called the 'Long Shots' contest. A woman, or a group of women, sponsor a man whom they believe can ejaculate the farthest and then train him for a period of weeks to measure his progress. It's kind of like a sperm Olympics. You'll enjoy it."

She said this in such a matter-of-fact way that I thought she was kidding.

"Are you saying that these sessions are all geared toward increasing the distance a guy shoots his sperm?"

"That's right. We have to be careful not to keep them hard for too long because they tend to get blue balls, and that would be counterproductive. The sessions usually last for a half hour or so with an hour's rest in between."

Without meaning to, I laughed out loud.

"Oh, come on, aunt Phoebe!" I said. "You've got to be kidding!"

"She's not kidding," Angelique piped up. "You'll see for yourself. Now stop laughing and pay attention."

"You pay attention!" Lenore said suddenly to Angelique. "Don't think I haven't caught you masturbating some of these men to climax against competition rules."

"It happened only once, Lenore," my aunt said.

"Once is enough. You can't randomly jerk these guys off. They have to be trained to cum on command by their mistresses. You know this Angelique."

"I won't do it again," my cousin said flatly.

"I hope not. It's goes against the rules of fair play and I won't stand for it."

My aunt was going to say something, but thought the better of it and focused her attention on the activity taking place on the platform. I could tell she was disturbed at Lenore's rebuke of her daughter, but I was soon to learn from her and Lenore that although a man's training techniques could be studied freely by all the women, no one but the man's mistresses could touch his body during the training period. Angelique had clearly overstepped her bounds in assuming she was exempt from this prohibition.

As I looked around I noticed that there were many other groups of women spread out across the vast concourse, all hard at work training their own contestants and seemingly oblivious to anything except their own business. Even the group of women responsible for the training of the two men in front of me gave us little notice, being absorbed as they were with giving orders and directions to the two handsome specimens. As I watched the ladies at their work, I took the opportunity to ask Christiana who these men were.

"The big, black guy is Barney Cole," she told me. "He was a former patient of mine at the Clinic. He learned of this contest through your aunt and decided to participate. The handsome, blonde boy you see on all fours is Craig Lundquist, another former patient. He and Barney became good friends during their stay at my Clinic and they've become inseparable. Great guys, the both of them. I'll introduce you to them later."

"That would be great," I said, without taking my eyes off Craig.

The whole idea of this masturbatory spectacle struck me as being absolutely bizarre. But judging by the reactions of the women around me, I seemed to be the only one who thought so. This so-called "event" seemed perfectly normal to them, as if the fact that it was being held for charity was justification enough to grant it the status of a legitimate sport. I had to admit, though, that watching the men's huge erections being manipulated by each team was delightfully erotic.

"Both Craig and Barney have the same size cock," Angelique suddenly confided to me. "Twelve and three-quarters inches long."

"How do you know that?" I asked.

"I measured both of them last week," she admitted.

I had no doubt my cousin had done exactly as she said and possibly more. It was impossible for me to tell just from eye examination just how big they were, but as they were both led up to the edge of the platform it appeared that they were both as large as Angelique had claimed.

"Oh, my God, you're right!" I said to her as I tried to contain my amazement.

"Jacques is not as big as them, but I think he can squirt farther."

"Have you seen these guys come?"

"Not yet. But they're both going to be jerked off very soon so mom and I will have a better idea what we're dealing with."

It looked as if Barney was going to be the first one to display his ejaculatory prowess. The team leader, a stunning blonde whom I recognized as co-host of a popular morning talk show and who recently had a hit show of her own, turned the huge, black man toward us and asked for our attention.

"Christiana," she said. "We've just run out of your masturbation cream. Do you happen to have any with you?"

Christiana laughed. "Of course, Kelly. I never leave home without it!"

From her purse the doctor pulled out a silver tube of cream as one of the team members, the leggy brunette, Janet, came down to retrieve it.

As soon as Barney saw the tube of cream he seemed to get all excited and looked lovingly at his doctor.

"Thank you," he said softly to Christiana.

"Now, Barney," Lenore said. "You know the rules. Contestants are forbidden to speak until after the demonstration is complete. You will henceforth remain silent or you will be disqualified."

Barney nodded his agreement and watched as both Janet and Kelly began to rub the cream first into their hands and then all over his cock and balls. He surrendered himself to the pleasurable feeling and let his head fall back and heaved a great sigh. As they masturbated him, several other women were hard at work on Craig, who was positioned on all fours and facing directly at us opposite Barney.

"What are you girls doing to that poor boy?" Lenore asked the team.

"We've found that milking him this way allows him to shoot a bigger load," said a petite redhead who looked to be about thirty.

"That's fine," Lenore said. "But what about distance?"

"That's what I mean," the woman replied as I watched her hands disappear between his ass cheeks.

Craig's handsome face began to contort as the myriad and talented female hands touched his body in every way imaginable, using techniques that no doubt he had himself recommended in order to obtain the best orgasm possible. Even as Barney was slowly being brought to climax by Kelly and Janet's lovely hands, I could not take my eyes off the boy. I saw him look at me more than once and smile, and I suddenly wished I were one of the team members taking pleasure in stroking and fondling his muscular body.

"This cream is great," Janet commented, as her hand, positioned just below Kelly's, stroked lazily up and down the massive cock.

"I feel like I'm polishing a baseball bat," Kelly laughed, as her hand traversed the distance from balls to tip.

Rebecca grinned. "The beauty of that cream is that it's good for your skin and it doesn't cause any abrasion. So you can masturbate him for extended periods without tiring yourself out or getting his dick blistered."

"I would use some of that cream on Craig, too," Christiana instructed Kelly. "He loves that stuff."

I saw a big smile come across Craig's face when he heard this news, and I was beginning to anxiously await the moment when he would show us what talents lay hidden in the depths of his heaving balls, now being rubbed vigorously by a bevy of excited women.

One girl in the group attending to him, a lovely brunette who had to be no older than myself, got her hands on the tube of masturbation cream and began to coat her palms with it. As he lay on all fours facing us, the girl fell to her knees to one side of him and began stroking his huge organ so that all of us could see. I noticed that his cock and balls were shaven, revealing a silky smooth area that was trimmed and groomed with a small patch of hair above. Craig moaned with pleasure as she gave his prick long, quick pulls that forced his body to rock back and forth. We laughed to see him being milked as if he were a cow, but our laughter only served to make the girl work harder, and make him more excited.

"How long have you been working on these boys today?" Lenore asked Christiana.

"About eight hours," the doctor replied.

"Then we should witness a very impressive cum shot."

"I should think so."

"Holly should be made aware of our training techniques," Justine said to Lenore.

"Absolutely," Lenore replied.

"Holly may want to participate at some point after all," Estelle added.

I felt all the women's eyes descend upon me at once, hoping to gauge my answer by my reaction.

"I have her education well in hand," my aunt replied for me. "Don't worry about anything."

"Well, it is kind of ass backwards you know," Justine said. "She's getting to see the results without seeing what methods produced those results."

Lenore seemed unconcerned. "This is just preliminary stuff. She has plenty of time to get her hands dirty, so to speak, as Phoebe has just told you."

And that seemed to end the discussion because Barney was now growling deep in his throat and his face was covered in sweat. I had to marvel at his stamina. How he managed to restrain from coming until he was ordered to must have taxed his body and mind to the limit. Yet he continued to hold out, even when all of us knew he should be joyously ejaculating.

"I love his balls," Rebecca said almost with a sense of affection. "Two big, beautiful grapefruits filled with hot sperm. Look at them! They're so nasty!"

Barney's testicles were indeed now fully distended and bounced up and down as the insatiable, inexorable, tugging continued. Kelly and Janet had finally settled on a moderate tempo, and as their slick hands ran up and down the massive pole I began to feel a tingling in my own genital region.

"He's going to erupt any second," Rebecca said.

"How do you know?" I asked her.

She laughed. "I know because I've worked that big tool many times before during our experiments. Keep your eyes on him. He always curses just before he gives up his load."

Barney was groaning so loudly now that I had no doubt Rebecca was right. Sensing he was about to climax, Kelly and Janet increased their tempo, Kelly making sure that her forefinger remained in constant contact with the tiny piece of skin just under the head of the shaft. Seconds later, Barney let out an enormous howl and cursed out loud, just as Rebecca had said he would. The other women in the nearby area, knowing that his ejaculation was imminent, stopped what they were doing and rushed up to the platform behind him. A few of them began cheering him on.

We were sitting no more that a dozen feet away when Barney's orgasm began, and most of us, including myself, had every reason to feel confident that we were safe from getting splashed with ejaculate. In this assumption we were dead wrong. As I watched Kelly and Janet's hands slide upwards to meet at the tip of his cock, an enormous jet of white cream shot out and flew across the room toward us, sailing completely over our astonished faces and into a mural on the wall behind us. Half of us looked behind in wonderment to see the slimy paste make contact with the wall while the others, myself included, laughed wildly as the second rope of sperm was launched with great force by the demanding hands of the two giggling girls.

Lenore got hit right on the left side of her dress, a thick puddle of white trickling down from her bare shoulder onto the satiny fabric.

"Magnificent!" Justine squealed in French as the Sisterhood leader reacted with surprise to the unexpected baptism by sperm.

The crowd was in hysterics. I watched in utter amazement as Kelly and Janet coaxed load after load of sperm from Barney's immense dick, the white effluence continuing to spurt uncontrollably into the audience. Angelique received a generous portion of Barney's cum as his third and fourth spurts managed to reach her exposed legs. Even my aunt got blasted with the stuff as the force of his orgasm ricocheted off my cousin's legs and onto my aunt's shoes. It all happened so fast that we really couldn't run away in time to escape the assault. I managed to avoid being hit, but most of the other women had traces of Barney's cum all over their clothes. When he finally did stop ejaculating, both Kelly and Janet's hands were drenched in cum, and women from the far end of the concourse were now standing around us pressing us for information as to what had exactly happened. After what had just occurred, I was surprised to see that both Christiana and Rebecca seemed to take it all in stride.

"We've seen this many time before," the beautiful doctor said to me in response to my inquiring stare. "When Barney was on my drug he could shoot twice as far."

"Are you joking?" I asked bemused.

"No, she's not," my aunt interjected. "I saw it myself."

Kelly and Janet left the platform to clean their hands and the exhausted Barney was led away. It was now Craig's turn to entertain the crowd of astonished onlookers, and he was ordered to stand up and face the audience.

"Well," Rebecca said to us as she got up. "I'll see you girls later."

I was surprised to see the long-legged, blonde beauty get on the platform next to Craig. He, however, acted quite calmly, as if he were expecting her to be there. She immediately placed some cream into her hands and started to play with his cock. Craig looked down at her hands and moaned with pleasure.

"I didn't know Rebecca was going to masturbate him," I said to Christiana.

"Rebecca is an incredible masturbatrix. She knows how to provoke the most intense cum shots I have ever seen."

"Do you think she'll get him to shoot as far as Kelly and Janet did with Barney?"

"At least as far. You might want to sit a few rows behind."

"Then I'll miss everything."

"Well, just sit here and watch her. She's really amazing and you might learn a few things about how to give a man a great orgasm."

I didn't think she meant it as a slur, but I was a little annoyed at the implication that I might be somehow lacking in my sexual skills. However, I found it difficult to be annoyed with her for very long because of her unpretentiousness, and realized that she said what she said more as praise of her colleague than to insinuate any imagined deficiency in me.

Boxes of tissues were now being handed around to help the women in our immediate group get cleaned up from Barney's errant volleys of cum. Angelique swore as she dabbed the tissues on her legs, blotting up the creamy fluid into the paper.

"This is not good," she complained as I watched her at her task. "Mom and I are going to have to intensify Jacques' training fast."

I took this to mean that her champion was no longer the favorite in the race to win this masturbation contest. My aunt heard what she said and shook her head numbly.

"Are you certain that there are no traces of your drug left in their systems, Christiana?" my aunt asked the doctor.

"You were there when the drug screening took place," Christiana replied. "They're both completely clean."

My aunt still seemed incredulous. "It's hard to believe that a man can shoot like that. I could understand when he was on the drug, but now? I mean he must have ejaculated almost 15 feet for heaven's sake. Don't you find that strange?"

"The only thing my drug did to these men was to increase their penis size a few inches, nothing more. Whatever ejaculatory response they now exhibit is solely due to their genetic disposition and the combined efforts of our team."

"Well, I want to learn more about your techniques. I want to apply them to my own contender."

"You're welcome to do so."

I could sense that my aunt was a little perturbed that she could get no satisfactory explanation from the doctor, who seemed to exhibit no apparent disingenuousness in answering her question. She knew, as did her own daughter, that their previous boast regarding Jacques undisputed superiority in this area was now going to be put to the test in light of Barney's exemplary performance. Now with Craig being rapidly primed to cum, I wondered if the boy would meet or even exceed his counterpart's outstanding example, which would further add to my aunt's anxiety.

From the moment Rebecca took the stage, more and more women began to gather around the platform to witness Craig's masturbation. The crowd has now swollen to twice its size, and I recognized many familiar faces from the entertainment world among their ranks. My aunt Phoebe said hello to some of them as they approached and paid their respects, and through her I was introduced to a few whom she particularly liked. There were the twin sisters who had started acting when they were babies and had built a multi-million dollar empire by the time they were eighteen; the blonde beauty from Bay Watch who had allowed a video of her lovemaking to get into the public mainstream; and a cute girl who made her fame killing vampires on TV. These, and a few others, were all graciously received by my aunt before resuming their place among their voyeuristic friends. Unlike her mother, Angelique made no effort to be cordial to these celebrities, treating them instead with casual indifference, even contempt, when they tried to strike up a conversation with her. Like my cousin, I, too, had no fondness for these spoiled, rich, and often mediocre talents, but I found a few of them, especially the twin sisters, to be genuinely friendly and open.

"They're all phonies," my cousin remarked dourly as the last of the celebrities walked away. "No-talent phonies."

"That's not true," I replied. "Mary Kate and Ashley are talented, and they were nice to you."

"I guess so," she said begrudgingly. " But I wouldn't give you two cents for the rest of them."

"You had better learn to be more accommodating of other people," my aunt said to Angelique.

"Why should I?"

"Because regardless of what you, yourself, may think of them, they are our supporters and friends, and our link to the outside world. They support the aims of the Sisterhood and fund many of our projects. Don't forget that."

"But you told me you hate celebrities, mom. You said it more than once."

"Yes, I told you, not anyone else," my aunt said. "And I don't hate all of them, just a few. Just try to keep your personal feelings about them to yourself."

Lenore looked at Angelique at that moment with disdain. I knew she could not have been pleased with Angelique's negative point of view regarding entertainers, and the more I saw of my cousin's attitude toward these people, the more I came to understand Lenore's refusal to make my cousin her heir.

"Oh, look," Justine said. "I think he's going to come. Better protect yourselves!"

Thanks to Rebecca's expert handling, Craig's prick now appeared ready to relinquish its load. The huge, plum-like tip of his penis was glistening with tiny beads of pre-cum and Rebecca began to pour a constant litany of filth into his ear. She stood on his left, masturbating him with vicious, machine-like precision as two other girls stood both behind and to his right supporting him. Rebecca's short red skirt rode up high on her thighs revealing a muscular and beautifully proportioned pair of legs. Her left hand pulled on his huge testicular sac while she energetically jerked him off, and this compelled him to rock his hips back and forth, driving his cock in between her hands. Her technique was flawless. I noticed that her long, yet delicate, fingers had no problem encircling his massive girth, which must have added greatly to his pleasure.

Kelly and Janet returned to their places on the stage with Barney in tow. He was wearing a pair of shorts but was otherwise naked. The three of them were laughing at something Barney had said, and as the girls joined the others he was instructed to sit in the back of the room and wait. As he passed by us, he smiled at everyone and gave Craig a 'thumbs up' sign.

"He's so fucking tall!" Angelique said to me as Barney passed by.

"He's six feet, five inches tall to be precise," Christiana said.

"Is he married?"

"He was."

My cousin seemed pleased by this announcement and I watched as her eyes followed him to his chair.

"I want to get my hands on that fucking tube steak of his," Angelique whispered in my ear.

"I have no doubt you will," I replied with surety.

Estelle suddenly let out a huge groan. "Oh, no, we're going to get it!"

Despite her warning, none of us moved. I thought Barney's orgasm was merely a fluke, and that Craig's climax would be a more modest offering. Again, I was proven wrong.

I watched in rapt fascination as Rebecca put the finishing touches on Craig's hugely swollen cock and balls. Her hand was moving at lightning speed up and down the greasy shaft, tensing it, milking it, teasing it mercilessly until the poor boy could stand no more. The women surrounding the platform had now moved in so closely that they were only inches away from the masturbatrix and her victim, flanking the duo on either side. The room was quiet now, only the sounds of Rebecca's cream-coated fist flailing the stiff prick with unyielding effort.

"Watch everybody!" Rebecca laughed. "Watch what I'm going to make him do!"

She gave Craig three quick bursts and a long pull, holding her hand motionless at the top of her stroke just under the swelling corona. Craig screamed with joy.

Before I knew what was happening, a long jet of white cream spit out of the tip of his penis and arced high up into the air, making straight for my cousin and I. The force of the blast was so intense that there was no time in which to act to avoid getting hit. It was a huge wash of sperm that splashed into my face and hair, forcing me to turn my head sideways, and, in so doing, deflecting a good portion of the ejaculate into my cousin's wide open mouth. The audience went wild. Sperm hung obscenely from my chin, my hair, my nose...and Angelique had hardly faired any better as I watched her spit out huge globs of semen from her mouth, both laughing and cursing me for being so careless.

Despite the unexpected hosing, my eyes were left untouched, which allowed me to watch Craig release successive bursts of joy juice at the insistent stroking of his mistress. The first ejaculation had not traveled as far as Barney's wild cum shot, but the second and third spurts sailed high over our heads, sending the audience into fits of laughter. Almost everyone in our party was splashed at one time or another, the sticky residue finding its way into people's hair and clothing, sparing no one.

Rebecca's hands were saturated with sperm, and the two girls supporting Craig, as well as several women spectators in the front row, had also received portions of his wildly climaxing cock juice. The floor beneath him was a lake of sperm as Rebecca continued to milk him. Towards the end of his orgasm, she pointed his prick straight up, and a long strand of cum shot up above his head and came raining down onto Rebecca's long, blonde tresses. She seemed delighted at the outcome of her diligent hand job and didn't even seem bothered that her hair was now a tangled mess. Craig's orgasm had surpassed Barney's, and Rebecca proudly looked out over the crowd and smiled at Christiana, who responded with a round of applause in appreciation of her friend's triumph.

"I would like to meet him," I said to Christiana, amidst the deafening roar of applause and cheers.

"There are no training sessions scheduled for tomorrow. Maybe you could meet us all for lunch at the Hotel de France?"

"I'd love to," I replied smiling.

Christiana must have noticed the sparkle in my eyes at the thought of meeting the handsome boy because she quickly turned to my aunt and made arrangements for the meeting.

"Craig is a very special person," the doctor said to me after consulting with my aunt. "He was married for a very brief time to my assistant, but the marriage didn't take. I think he would like you very much."

"He's very handsome," I said as the women led him off the platform. "And he seems very nice."

"He is very nice, and a real gentleman."

"I don't care about him," Angelique suddenly declared. "I want to get my hands on the big, black guy."

"I can arrange that too," the doctor said happily.

By the time I went to bed that evening it was after 3:00 AM, and my mind was racing with a host of thoughts and ideas that would keep me awake for several more hours. My aunt would not allow me to visit the lower floors that evening, and Angelique had hinted to me that those floors were strictly for the "more intense" sessions. What that meant I did not know, but Lenore told me that the decision to allow me to visit rested solely with my aunt, and that I would have to wait until the time was right. Even so, the fact that this subterranean world had been kept completely secret from me made me wonder how far and to what lengths the Sisterhood would go to achieve its aim of female superiority.

There was no doubt that my exposure to this magnificent underground network of rich and powerful women would have a profound impact upon my life. Angelique admitted to me that what I had seen was merely the tip of the iceberg, and a simple diversionary amusement at best. The real action, she told me, took place on the floors below—the floors I was forbidden, as of yet, to see. But that was not what occupied my mind as I began to drift to sleep. All I could think of was the blonde boy with the huge cock, and what I was going to do to him once I had him in my grasp.

************

The poet began, dead pale now: "I will go
Ahead, you second." I answered, seeing his pallor,
"How can I venture here if even you,
Who have encouraged me every time I falter,
Turn white with fear?" And he: "It is the pain
People here suffer that paints my face this color
Of pity, which you mistake for fear. Now on:
Our long road urges us forward." And he entered
The abyss's first engirdling circle, and down

--Canto IV, Dante's Inferno

My aunt's estate loomed before me like one impenetrable mesh of forest, dark and foreboding. The last rays of a crimson sun now adorned the uppermost branches of the leafless tree limbs that wavered menacingly in a sudden onrush of frigid air. I shuddered and quickly drew my woolen hat down over my ears.

To the south stood my aunt's castle—a tiny silver speck on a diminishing horizon, solitary, almost insignificant from this distance, but a reminder to me that I had strayed too far from familiar territory and was now stranded as darkness fell silently about me. I estimated the castle to be about ten miles away—too far for me to navigate in such dark and uncompromising surroundings. How I had allowed myself to wander so far away from the castle Anjou was a mystery to me, yet it did not stop me from cursing myself aloud for my blatant stupidity. Even as my rancorous diatribe assaulted the mute sentinels of birch and elm surrounding me, I drew together massive handfuls of fallen leaves and prepared to make my bed under the least forbidding tree I could find.

How did I get here?

I asked this question of myself over and over again and yet could find no answer. As I burrowed beneath the makeshift blanket of fallen leaves, I felt some small measure of protection from the strange noises that now began to emanate from the inner regions of the black forest: the eerie sound of naked branches bending begrudgingly in the wind, whipping at each other in windswept frenzy, accompanied by a low mournful dirge of animals whose baneful cries forced me to burrow deeper within the protective covering of leaves, while other equally distressed voices added their own wails to the mix; unhappy voices that seemed to lament the passing of the day.

Despite my anxiety, my body was so exhausted from my long sojourn in the forest that I soon fell asleep, but I did not sleep fitfully. Every so often the sudden hoot of an owl, or the far off howling of some animal, stirred me from my restless slumber. At one point I awoke sharply, raising my head ever so slightly to peer out from behind my bed of leaves, thinking I had heard something like footsteps not far away. Although the moon was on the wane, it still provided enough illumination for me to discern that the source of my consternation was nothing more than a low-hanging tree limb that every so often would brush along the forest floor in response to a gentle, but chilling, breeze. Fortunately, I had had the foresight to dress warmly, and my long woolen coat, hat, and gloves kept me quite warm despite the cold October night.

Eventually I managed to fall asleep.

When I next awoke I saw that the moon was now at its zenith and that half of my blanket of leaves had dissipated in the course of my turbulent sleep. I had no way to tell how long I had been sleeping since I had left my watch behind. And even if I had it, the feeble moonlight would have prevented me from seeing the tiny hands on the watch face. I surmised that it must be midnight, or not much later, which meant I had been sleeping for six hours or more. I reached out my hands to gather more leaves around myself to replace the ones that had blown away and, still overcome with lethargy, I pressed my body close against mother earth, once again seeking her protection from the elements.

Just as I was once more starting to drift into sleep, I thought I heard the sound of voices—human voices, being carried on the wind. At first the sound was very faint, almost like a whisper, and every so often the voices would reach a sudden shift in pitch and volume, followed by an abrupt decrescendo. My first impulse was to jump up and start shouting for help, but something held me back. It was then that I remembered something my aunt Phoebe had told me the first day I had arrived at the castle. She had warned me that poachers roamed these woods at night and that one should not be so foolish as to find oneself alone in the forest after dark. As I recalled her admonition, I began to think of all kinds of horrible thoughts that being at the mercy of such dishonorable men might evoke, and quickly covered my head over with leaves even as the voices came ever closer.

Soon the voices were close enough for me to distinguish that there were two men; one of them spoke perfectly good English while the other struggled to speak English with a decidedly French accent. They took their rest not far from me, about 50 feet away, their lanterns placed on their knapsacks before them as they stretched themselves out on the ground.

Each of the men was carrying a rifle. What looked to me like some small, dead animal was hoisted off the back of one man and thrown casually on the ground in front of them.

"Comment beaucoup?" one of them asked.

"I don't know," said the other. "Maybe a thousand francs."

The second voice sounded like it belonged to a young man, possibly in his late twenties or early thirties. The accent was definitely American.

"Please try to speak English," he continued. "My French sucks."

The other man groaned. "Il est injuste que! You Americans and your ridiculous language! You should learn how to speak French."

"Please Anton. Accommodate me."

"Have I not done so? Look at this fine specimen of a fox. A dying breed she is. I feel bad for her."

"Twenty percent of the selling price should help to assuage your guilt."

This was said in a non-emotive tone of voice.

"I hunt them because I need to live," the other man said. "But one day they will all be gone, never to return. And that will be the end of Anton."

"Oh, for Christ's sake!" the American complained. "Philosophy from a poacher!"

The Frenchman said nothing. Imitating his companion, he raised his canteen to his mouth and took a long draught, then stretched his legs out before him.

"We cannot stay here too long," he said. "They might find us."

"Are you still worried about the police? We gave them the slip hours ago."

"I am not talking about the police."

The American laughed. "Oh, that again. You're afraid we're going to be abducted by the spirits of the forest?"

"I do not say they are spirits," Anton replied, sullenly. "Two of my friends have disappeared in these woods within the past six months, and it was not the police nor any wild animal that got them."

"You know what I say to that Anton? Bullshit!" the American said, derisively. "Save your stories for your drunken friends at the pub."

The Frenchman remained quiet for a moment, listening. I thought maybe he had heard me as I gently moved my legs into a more comfortable position, but his gaze was directed toward the west, toward the direction they seemed to be headed. His companion seemed to hear something too.

"One of your friends?" the American asked, mockingly.

"Ridicule me if you want, but I tell you they are out there."

"Yes, Anton, they are out there—the animals that inhabit this forest. That's all."

"How do you call yourself a hunter?" Anton snapped. "Have you not noticed that the sound is getting louder? They are not animals, but they are watching us. And they are not far away."

Their hearing must have been exceptionally keen because at first all I could hear were the familiar sounds that I had been exposed to all night. But I soon became aware of another presence. It sounded to me like the heavy, padded footsteps of a group of large herbivores foraging close by. Deer and elk inhabited these luxuriant green meadows, but so did several carnivorous animals like foxes and wolves. Since local poachers had hunted these latter to near extinction, I was never too afraid that I would encounter one. But the possibility remained nevertheless. I almost thought of approaching the two men to beg for protection, but decided to take my chances with a possible encounter with a wild animal than to entrust my safety to two strangers bearing rifles.

The American was now on the alert, realizing that his companion might be right. Both men took their weapons in hand and stood up facing in the direction of the rapidly approaching footsteps.

"It's probably just a few deer," the American said nervously. "Or maybe some poacher friends of yours."

Anton lifted his rifle to his shoulder. "Put out the light," he said hastily.

The American begrudgingly obeyed but his voice betrayed a growing anxiety.

"It has to be an animal, what else could it be?"

"Be quiet you fool!" the Frenchman rasped.

Within seconds the golden glow from their lanterns was extinguished and all I could see was their dim outlines framed eerily in the subtle aura of moonlight. It was suddenly very quiet, and all that could be heard was the sound of the dead leaves as they were driven aimlessly to and fro by the night wind.

The two men stood frozen like statues, their rifles ready and poised to shoot at whatever mysterious intruder was hiding from them in the nearby thicket. I slowly turned my head toward the direction in which they were facing, careful not to make any noise lest they mistake me for some wild animal and open fire. For some moments the two men and I remained absolutely still, they completely unaware of me, but all of us facing the same lurking terror in silence.

Suddenly I heard a very sharp whistling sound and saw Anton's body shift violently to the right.

"Jésus!" the Frenchman cried as his rifle fell from his hands.

"What is it?" the American yelled. "Anton, are you all right?"

"Sauve qui peut!" the man screamed as his body fell to the ground.

"Anton!"

The American immediately fired off two rounds into the nearby bushes and then I heard the same whistling sound followed by a long succession of curse words. Within seconds, several large figures dashed out from behind the bushes.

"You fucks!" the American screamed as he fell to his knees in pain.

He made one futile attempt to aim his gun at the attackers but it was kicked out of his hand. He groaned loudly and collapsed onto the ground beside his silent partner.

I was so frightened that my entire body was shaking violently, and adding to my distress was the fact that whomever had attacked the two men might now turn their attentions toward the cringing buddle of flesh lying half exposed in the forest debris. From what I could see, both men were now lying prostrate on the ground, rifles at their side, unmoving. I didn't know whether they were dead or paralyzed, but I tried to remain as quiet as possible under the circumstances, fearful that if my presence were revealed, I might end up in the same condition as the two hapless hunters.

And then, to my amazement, I saw several more figures dash out from behind a small outcropping of bushes toward the two fallen men. They were men—very large men. Their huge, muscular bodies moved swiftly and silently as they bent down to inspect the fallen men. A few moments elapsed and then one of them said something in French to an accomplice and both the inert bodies of Anton and the American were lifted onto the shoulders of two of the assailants and hurriedly carried away while the others retrieved the rifles and backpacks. The fox was carefully lifted up and placed in a canvas bag. When they had concluded their business, the last of the intruders disappeared into the thicket with the bag, singing gaily in his heavy French accent.

At one point I almost called out to these interlopers to come to my aid, but once again, I decided to remain silent. I knew for one thing that these people could not be the police. And the few French words I could understand seemed to suggest that they found too much sinister enjoyment in the procurement of the two men, and that some dismal fate awaited them both. For all I knew, they might just be another gang of poachers who wanted to perpetrate mischief. The missiles that struck the two men sounded to me like arrows buzzing through the air, and poachers had been known to use the bow and arrow to kill their prey—or, on occasion, their competition.

I estimated that the entire incident had probably lasted for no longer than a few minutes, which led me to assume that my two erstwhile companions may have been tracked for some time prior to their apprehension, the stalkers waiting for just the right moment to catch the two men off guard. It occurred to me then that the Frenchman might have been correct after all: the disappearance of his friends could have indeed been attributed to these marauders—men who scoured the countryside at night for just such a purpose. But, if so, what was the reason for these abductions? I would have to inform my aunt Phoebe and the police about this incident as soon as I got home.

The wind had grown quite calm by this time, and I was once more able to gather a substantial amount of leaves around me. I knew by the position of the moon that it was still several hours until dawn, and settled into my makeshift bed once more, contentedly warm and snug under the layers of leaves despite the chilly air. Although I was still feeling uneasy over what had recently transpired, I finally managed to fall asleep, thankful that I had not been discovered, nor foolish enough to have willingly given away my position.

I dreamt of Craig. The young, blonde, Swedish boy, and his performance at the Masturbatorium, had left an indelible impression upon my mind. He seemed so sweet, so unaffected and genuine that he had immediately stolen my heart. In looks he reminded me of a very young Robert Redford, with the same amazing blue eyes and incredible smile. I didn't mind that he had chosen me as his target during his performance the previous day. In fact, I thought it was so sexy that I could feel and taste his creamy hot cum all over my face and hair. I don't know if that was what he intended, but his devilish smile told me it certainly was possible.

In my dream, the two of us were standing in the middle of my aunt's vineyard. I was fully clothed but his pants and underwear had been pulled down to his ankles. It was a bright, sunny, day.

"I want to suck you off," I said, as I kneeled before him and pulled his twelve and three-quarter-inch prick into my open mouth.

"I think you should know that I haven't cum in almost a week," he warned me.

"Oh," I replied. "I might not be able to swallow the whole load."

"Why don't you just catch it in your hand?" he said with a grin. "I love it when you do that to me."

"Don't be silly, Craig," I said. "We've never had sex before. This is the first time."

He looked at me quizzically. "Is it? I could have sworn I fucked you before."

"You're so romantic!" I said, giving his muscular ass a hard slap.

As I started to blow him, I heard the sound of female voices coming from behind me. I quickly turned around and saw that there was a crowd of about thirty girls, my own age or older, standing a short distance away enjoying the show. They were all dressed up in school uniforms and all wore their hair in pigtails.

"You had better suck him off very well, mademoiselle," a big-breasted blonde said to me in broken English.

"Or he will not want you!" said another, taunting me.

All the girls then laughed in unison and proceeded to dance and sing amongst the rows of fruit-laden bushes.

"Go away!" I shouted to them. "You are not welcome here!"

"We will not go away," said the blonde, adamantly. "If you cannot suck him off, then one of us will have to do it."

"Craig," I said. "Tell them to go away."

"Why?" he replied. "Aren't they your friends?"

I shook my head. "No. I've never seen them before."

"Of course you have. Look, there's your aunt Phoebe right there in front."

The blonde with the big tits was now looking somewhat older than before, goading me, rebuking me for my reluctance to proceed with the blowjob. And the more she shouted at me, the more she began to look like my aunt, until I realized that it was indeed she, but as she would have appeared if she were my own age and still in college.

"Come on," my look-a-like aunt said to me. "I want to see you suck his big dick!"

"Yes," a slim, sassy brunette agreed. "We want to see you suck. Suck!"

All the girls took up the chant, drowning out all my objections.

"I really need to cum," Craig said, as his huge tool swung to and fro in front of my face. "Let them watch if they want to."

"I can't believe this!" I said, feeling both angry yet turned on by the fact that we were being observed.

There was no way I was going to be able to completely accommodate his towering organ in my mouth, so I swallowed as much of it as I could and let my hands play with the bottom part of his shaft and his huge, superheated balls. He moaned softly as my head moved up and down on his pole with a consistent momentum, the taste of his salty effluences saturating my tongue as each moment brought him closer to orgasm.

"Keep sucking!" my aunt said. "And pull your mouth away when he cums. We want to see him shoot his seed into the air!"

I paid her and the others no attention. All I wanted was to please Craig, and I didn't care one bit if my audience enjoyed what I was doing or not.

The abundant cream in his sac was now forcing his balls up into his body and I knew from this telltale sign, as I had witnessed with Delvin, that the eruption of sperm was not far off.

"I'm almost there baby," Craig rasped between clenched teeth. "Tell the girls to come close so I can give them what they want."

I pulled my mouth away from his prick but continued to stroke him violently with both hands.

"Why?" I asked. "What do they want?"

"My sperm!" he blurted out. "They need it...for the ritual."

"That's right!" my aunt said loudly. "Let us come closer now so that each of us can catch some of the god's cum in each of our hands!"

"God?" I said looking askance at them. "Are you people crazy?"

Even as I said these words I felt suddenly awash in a brilliant display of golden radiance that extended from the top of Craig's head to the bottom of his feet. His face had remained the same, but he was now completely naked, his magnificent torso gracing the landscape like some ancient colossus. The women laughed and cheered as they came closer to him, some even encouraging me with smiles and gestures to finish the job.

"Gather round, gather round," sang my aunt to her cluster of acolytes. "Welcome the god's offering with open hands!"

Now the women danced and laughed more furiously than before, their bodies writhing in throes of ecstasy as they whirled around me and Craig, their arms outstretched, awaiting to be bathed in the fruitful seed of his loins.

As I continued to jack off his big dick, his body seemed to grow taller and his cock longer. I could not account for this phenomenon and thought it quite strange, although the women seemed to regard it as perfectly normal. Soon the huge penis had grown so long and wide that my hands proved insufficient to continue masturbating it. Seeing this, my aunt instructed several women to assist me, and soon there were a half-dozen pairs of willing hands rubbing the now four-foot-long shaft, which was now ready to explode its creamy contents into the air.

Craig screamed aloud as he felt an overwhelming pleasure overtake his now stiff body, poised as it was with his head thrown back and his hips arched forward, his prick on the verge of releasing its pent-up load of semen.

"It is done!" my aunt look-a-like shouted.

She knew, as did I, that as Craig's balls, now the size of two ripe watermelons, began to contract and drive upwards into his body, a torrent of sperm would soon follow, and she quickly applied her own two hands in concert with the rest of us. This last action proved to be decisive, as now the massive organ reared back and prepared to fire its molten load.

With his body now completely at the mercy of all of our pumping fists, he grunted loudly and we watched as the first in a long series of ejaculations commenced.

"Oh, my God!" one of the women cried as I watched her head roll back to witness the event.

Most of the women let out similar exclamations as we watched a very thick, elongated rope of sperm shot out of the tip of his cock and fly completely over our heads and into a small outcropping of bushes an incredible 50 feet away.

"Sacré merde!" my aunt laughed as portions of the god's copious offering found its way into her hair.

Many other women got hit too, as my hands continued to coax out the molten seed.

The next volley of hot cream again shot out wildly into the air far above our heads and in the general vicinity of the first shot. Realizing that most of the sperm was being lost, my aunt quickly guided the massive prick downward and toward the open palms of the women where rope after rope of pearly semen shot out in abundant and joyous release, splashing into fingers and palms, coating bare, outstretched arms with a hot, sticky patina of whitish lacquer.

Some of the women cupped their hands together to receive a greater portion of the god's sperm, after which they drew back and proceeded to run among the open rows of the vineyard, allowing the residue of cum to drip from their hands onto the waiting vines below, in dutiful obeisance to their frenzied ritual. With each spurt, Craig seemed to grow taller and taller, and the golden aura surrounding him increased exponentially until I was forced to shut my eyes from the brilliant light.

End of Chapter 3

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 04
byfmcchris©

"Wake up! Wake up!" I heard a voice say.

I struggled to open my eyes but the intensity of the glow forced me to keep them shut.

"Holly, wake up! We're in danger!"

Suddenly I felt someone grab me hard by my arm. The brilliant light wavered then flickered out.

"Get up you idiot!"

"What? What?" I muttered, as I felt my aching body react with resistance toward the intrusion.

Again the light fell upon my face, but this time not so harshly, and I could see another face on the opposite side illuminated by its gentle glow.

"Angelique!" I cried as I lifted myself out of the bed of leaves. "What are you doing here? How did you find me?"

I was so excited at seeing her that I nearly fell into her arms, driving her backwards onto her heels.

"Take it easy for Christ's sake!" she said, as the lantern fell from her hands.

Not far off stood Antares, who whinnied loudly at the commotion.

As I helped her to her feet she looked at me and shook her head. I now saw that she was shouldering a rifle.

"We've had people searching for you all night," she said impatiently. "What were you thinking?"

"I don't know," I said feebly. "I lost track of time and before you know it, the sun was going down. It was foolish of me, I know."

"I heard the shots. Did you see anything?"

"I saw two poachers. But some other guys came along and shot them with something...arrows I think. I was scared to death."

"You were told not to go this far into the forest. Serves you right. You're lucky I found you."

"I'm so thirsty," I said, realizing that I had had nothing to drink in many hours.

My cousin pulled a canteen from her saddle and handed it to me. She watched me drink down the liquid with a disapproving grin.

"We have to get out of here. There might be other poachers around."

"Let's go," I said, eager to return home, and thankful that I had been found.

She mounted Antares first and then helped me into the saddle behind her. The first hint of dawn began to show itself in the eastern horizon and Angelique goaded the horse into a steady gallop, keeping close to the forest's edge and avoiding the open countryside.

"There's an secret entrance into the Masturbatorium only a few miles away," my cousin said. "It's our best bet."

The first faint rays of sunlight were beginning to pierce through the trees to our left, and I was grateful to see the welcoming light. I knew that there was still a chance of encountering vagabonds and other assorted riffraff along the way, and knew Angelique was only being prudent by suggesting we use the secret entrance. We soon came upon a series of hillocks, one of which appeared to contain an open fissure leading down into a tunnel-like opening. We dismounted and led Antares toward the mouth of the cave.

Despite the nascent sun's warming glow, this place seemed to me a very dismal one, with fog steadily rising from the surface of the ground, permeating the air with a foul stench of sulfur. The air was fetid and heavy, forcing me to draw my gloved hand over my mouth.

"What is this place?" I asked coughing into my hand. "The odor is terrible!"

"Just keep moving," Angelique replied, heedless of the stench.

As we approached the entrance to the cave, the fog had grown so dense that I could no longer see where I was going. I turned toward my cousin but she seemed to have vanished into the fog.

"Angelique," I said uneasily. "Are you there?"

No answer.

"Are you there?" I repeated more urgently.

Nothing. Not a sound.

I felt as if I were enshrouded in a dense wall of mist, afraid to step in any direction lest I tumble and fall into oblivion.

"Angelique!" I shouted. "Where are you?"

I knew my cousin well enough to know that when faced with an emergency she was not one to fold under pressure. Although she had seemed to be as frightened as I was, she had a resolute nature and would not have purposely left me alone to face the unknown. We must have separated from each other much earlier on, and that distance—and the muffling effect of the fog—was serving to prevent us from hearing each other.

After several more unsuccessful efforts to locate her, I decided that I had no choice but to begin moving again and hope that I could find my way out of the pervasive fog. I took tiny steps at first, afraid that, like a blind woman without a cane, I might fall flat on my face. But soon my anxiety grew to the point where I started to walk haphazardly, without too much concern for where I was placing my feet, so panicked with fear had I become.

With both my arms outstretched before me, plodding along like a somnambulist in someone's demented dream, I waded through the thick mist, fearing that at any moment my life might come to an abrupt end at the slightest misstep. I called out to my cousin several times more, but to no avail. All I could hope for was that I was headed in the right direction and would meet up with her inside the underground tunnel leading to the Masturbatorium.

For what seemed like an eternity I walked and walked, the earth beneath my feet growing progressively muddier and warm. The smell of sulfur had somewhat diminished, but the air continued to hang heavily about me, the sun's rays hardly permeating the wall of fog. Thankfully, I managed to make my way without once falling or encountering any obstruction. And, as if in reward for my perseverance, the blanket of mist began to slowly fade away until I found myself at the mouth of a cave, though unsure if it was the same one that my cousin had led us to. The air was cooler here, and the ground was flat and strewn with boulders and loose rock. I could see the sun now, its crescent rising up slowly above the trees, helping to dispel the thin tendrils of mist that stubbornly continued to languor over the forest floor.

Now that my vision had improved somewhat, I clambered up toward the small incline leading into the cave and saw that someone was standing there as if waiting for me. It was very dark inside, and at first I could not tell if it was Angelique or some other member of the Sisterhood who stood guard at the entrance. I took a few more cautious steps toward the person, but whoever it was seemed not to notice me, even though I was standing directly in the line of sight.

"Angelique, is that you?" I said with a sinking feeling in my stomach, knowing that my cousin would not react in this way if she had known it was I.

The person gave no answer.

"Angelique, don't play games with me!" I said angrily. "This is not funny!"

Again the figure remained mute, unmoving.

I boldly made a quick ascent up the last few yards of the rock-strewn entrance, putting all fear behind me, ready to give my mischievous cousin a piece of my mind. But as I reached the summit of the incline, the figure suddenly walked toward me and out of the shadows. I stopped dead in my tracks, as a woman, dressed in nothing more than a simple black robe and slippers, extended her hand to me as if to help me in my effort. The first faint rays of sunlight revealed a lovely face belonging to a woman in her late twenties, and her gentle smile, yet confident demeanor, helped to allay some of my fear.

"You have a courageous spirit," she said to me as she took my hand firmly in hers and helped me to gain a foothold.

"Thank you," I said, holding on to her hand. "I'm Holly, Angelique's cousin. She was supposed to take me back to the castle. Have you seen her?"

"No, I haven't seen her," the woman replied. "But I will be happy to guide you the rest of the way."

"She was with me just a short time ago," I said, perplexed. "Why would she lead me here and then disappear?"

"I do not know," she answered softly. "But this is not her journey, it is yours."

I looked at her as if I had misunderstood. "My journey? What do you mean?"

The woman looked at me carefully, smiling faintly.

"Who are you anyway?" I asked.

"My name is Yvette. I am a distant relation of the Anjou family dating back to the time of Philippe of Lyon, who was once a nobleman who served under the tyrant king of France whose name we do not speak. I am a visionary, and one who wields the power of the ancient Sybil. I will show you many wonders both terrible and sublime, and the world and what it shall become in the days ahead should you shirk your duty to the Sisterhood."

I shook my head and laughed.

"If this is some kind of joke," I said, stepping away from her, "I'm not amused."

"This is not a jest," she replied sternly. "I know that what I am saying must sound incredible to you, but I am here for your welfare."

"Just tell me where my cousin is. I'm very tired and cold and I want to return to the castle."

"I cannot, for I do not know where she is."

She then reached into her pocket and withdrew what appeared to be a pomegranate. Taking a small knife from her belt, she cut into the fruit and gave half of it to me.

"Eat this," she said passing the fruit to me. "It will give you strength for the journey."

I was so hungry by this time that the pomegranate looked to me like nothing short of a three-course meal. Without another word to her, I tore into the fruit and ate ravenously. She seemed pleased to watch me eat in silence for a few minutes, smiling at me like some bemused benefactress.

"It will get warmer the further we go down into the tunnels," she resumed, as she, too, made short work of the succulent fruit.

By now my hands were wet with the juice of the pomegranate and although I did feel much stronger, I was still cold.

"Can we go now?" I asked her. "My hands are freezing."

Yvette withdrew a small piece of cloth from her pocket and handed it to me. "Dry your hands off and then give it to me."

I did as she asked, and after I was finished wiping my hands I gave the cloth back to her.

"Do you feel better?" she asked me as she wiped off the last remnants of the sticky, red juice from her hands.

"Yes, thank you," I replied, sticking my hands into my pockets.

She looked at me straight in the eyes and laughed. "You look much more alive now. Follow me."

She turned abruptly around and began walking at a brisk pace.

"Keep up," she warned. "Don't dawdle."

It was a good thing she had given me that pomegranate to eat, otherwise I doubt I would have been able to keep up with her in my exhausted state for very long. The shaft continued straight on for about 30 yards, illumined every 10 feet with torches that had been fixed in place on either side of the cave wall. As we reached the end of the tunnel a huge oak door, seemingly unused for a millennia, stood before us like a foreboding gateway into the unknown. She halted before it, raising her hand as if to knock, but instead pressed her finger hard onto several raised, metallic glyphs that were inset on the door just above the knob.

"Stay close to me at all times and touch nothing," she said in a somber tone as the door slowly creaked open upon its ancient hinges.

"Just take me to the castle," I said, unwilling to humor her strange affectation any longer.

"You will see it soon enough," came the cryptic reply.

As the door opened there was revealed to us an immense, dimly lit hall that reminded me upon first glance of the Pantheon in Rome—a circular vista adorned with a series of evenly spaced alcoves along its perimeter, containing statues of saints from ages past. The huge rotunda contained a small, circular hole in its roof from which emitted a few weak rays of sunlight, which provided our only illumination. In the center of the room was a square opening in the floor, and attached to it was a railing that formed the top level of a long set of twisting stairs leading to what I believed were the floors underneath. The entire room reeked of dankness and decay, and I immediately felt oppressed by the heavy stillness of the tepid air that seemed to harbor the unwholesomeness of putrefaction.

"It smells like a slaughterhouse in here," I protested, as I put my hand to my nose to obviate the stench. "What is this place and where is the elevator?"

"There is no elevator in this section of the Masturbatorium. We must take the stairs."

"My aunt Phoebe never told me about this place," I said, as I followed Yvette to the landing.

"There is much you don't understand, Holly," Yvette answered. "But you will."

She reached out her hand and took mine in hers. With her other hand she grabbed onto the railing and we began to make our descent. The spiral staircase was rickety, and some of the metal steps were actually corroded through with rust, but we made our way carefully, gingerly stepping this way and that to avoid the more damaged parts of the staircase.

The first thing I noticed was that Yvette was right: the air had grown considerably warmer as we descended, so much so that I had to abandon my woolen coat and hat. She assured me that these items would not be needed from this point on and that they would be retrieved later. At intervals I felt the onrush of wind that seemed to swell up from the bowels of the earth and push its way relentlessly up the stairway—a stale breath of air that reminded me of something not wholly objectionable, but impossible to define.

We continued our downward journey for several minutes and I soon began to grow dismayed that we had not yet reached the next landing.

"How much further down do these stairs go?" I asked.

"We are almost there now. Be patient."

I felt as if I was being reprimanded by a school headmistress and resented her tone.

"I want you to take me to my aunt—now!" I demanded, as I almost lost my footing on a decayed step.

Yvette turned to me and for the first time I saw a look of something like disappointment on her face. She said nothing but held my hand even more firmly than before as we made our way down the metal stairs, our footfalls resonating softly upon the cold steel beneath us.

We traveled for another minute or so until at last the steps came to an abrupt end, the metal railing trailing off into a black void. Yvette stopped dead in her tracks and pushed me backward, realizing that we would have to jump down in order to arrive at the platform beneath us. The walls on the next floor down were festooned with torches that provided an ample amount of light for us to detect that the distance to the floor below was only that of a few feet and that there was nothing to obstruct our passage. She seemed mystified upon encountering the missing part of the stairway, but said nothing.

She made the jump first and then I followed.

"This is a dirt floor," I remarked in my crouched position, as my hands swept the area around me. "And the walls...we're still in the cave!"

"No," Yvette answered. "We are at the first level of the Masturbatorium. Come. Follow me. There is much to see."

"This can't be right," I insisted. "The first level is modern, with fluorescent lighting and wall to wall carpeting and air conditioning and..."

"No, Holly," she said shaking her head. "That is your aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium as it exists now. What I am going to show you is what it will be like in the future, many years hence."

"Are you telling me that you have the power to reveal the future to me?" I asked, nervously forcing out the words. "Does such power exist?"

"I assure you it does," she replied calmly. "This is only one possible future, and it is not a pleasant one. However, it can be altered. You are the key."

"The key to what?" I demanded. "What are you talking about?"

She drew herself up just then to her full height, towering a full head above me. "If nothing is done to change the course of current events, then what I am about to show you will become reality. It must not happen. You are the only one who can stop it."

I felt myself taken aback by her presumption.

"I can't believe this," I said. "On whose authority are you doing this anyway?"

"Come with me and you will understand," she said, motioning me to follow her.

"No," I replied. "I want to know where we are going."

"Into the Inferno," she said solemnly.

"Into the what?"

"Come with me and you will understand," she repeated.

Not far from where we stood was another set of stairs, and wafting up from the hole in the floor I began to hear the cries of what sounded like many people in pain. It was a most disturbing sound: distant, eerie, and sometimes not quite human.

"What is that horrible noise?" I asked my guide. "Please don't tell me we're going down there."

"I promise that no harm will come to you," she said extending her hand to me. "Do not let your heart falter."

She seemed unaffected by the din coming from below, but she must have seen the hesitation in my face and let her hand fall to her side.

My fortitude was wavering. In the dim ambiance of the torch-lit room I could barely see the lines of her face, but I could almost feel her frowning, such was the implication of regret in her voice.

"I don't want to go down there," I said firmly. "You can't force me."

"If you wish to return to the surface you are free to do so," Yvette said. "But I will take you no farther than where we first met."

I stood looking into her sad, downcast eyes, deciding what course of action I should take. I didn't want to go any further, but I felt somehow that I must. It wasn't a rational impulse, but one driven by an overwhelming feeling that if I didn't go, then I would be committing some terrible crime. After a time she met my gaze, and in those few moments I felt as though some part of her was trying to reach into my soul, to assure me that my fears, though genuine, must not stop me from making that descent into the subterranean world lying beneath our feet.

"Do you hear that?" I said to her. "Those people sound like they're in agony."

"Some of them are," she replied. "The innocent are made to suffer with the guilty."

"Guilty?" I asked. "Of what?"

"Of betraying the Sisterhood."

"But why do the innocent suffer?"

"For the same reason they have always suffered: to serve the needs of the Beast."

I stared at her in disbelief.

"What Beast?" I cried. "You don't make any sense!"

"The Beast takes many forms. Come with me and you will understand," she said yet again, but with much more urgency in her voice.

"I must be dreaming. This can't be real!" I exclaimed, feeling like someone beset by an ugly nightmare in that period of mental twilight when the mind struggles toward consciousness as it seeks to throw off the burden of sleep.

"It is not a dream," she assured me. "It is a vision of what might be. Such gifts are afforded to only a very few."

"I don't want to know what the future holds," I protested, sensing an imminent confrontation with the unknown. "I just want to see my aunt again!"

Yvette's features seemed to soften as she saw the look of exasperation in my face, and she addressed me in a gentle, motherly tone, as if she were talking to a distressed child.

"No one can predict the future, Holly. Even I can only glimpse the tiniest fraction of any given moment in time. And even then such moments are the most fleeting of shadows, ephemeral and constantly shifting in time and space. All I ask is that you accompany me now. Our time together grows short."

"I want you to take me to my aunt! Why won't you help me?"

She raised her hand to my face and with one gentle motion wiped away a tear that had fallen onto my cheek. For some strange reason I could not comprehend, her caress seemed to put my mind at ease, and I felt myself slowly beginning to regain my emotional equilibrium.

"What did you do?" I asked her, as I raised my hand to the spot on my cheek where she had touched me. "I...I don't feel so...afraid anymore."

"That is because there is nothing to be afraid of. I promised you safe passage and so it shall be." She took my hand in hers and led me to the stairwell. "I put my blessing upon you, Holly. For what you shall now see will test the limits of your mind's dimensions. But do not fear. The specters you see cannot harm you."

Seeing that her mind was resolute upon our course of action, and no longer feeling any desire to thwart her plans, now nullified by her calming gesture, I allowed her to guide me slowly down into the mysterious netherworld of semi-darkness as the cries of myriad unhappy souls welled up from beneath us, their groans becoming louder with each tortuous step. I noticed that the stairs had become small and irregular, having been hewn from out of the rock itself. We had to walk slowly and cautiously, lest we lose our footing and fall headfirst into the incipient void.

As we approached the bottom of the stairwell, we were greeted with a gust of fetid air that, despite its warmness, sent a chill up my spine. And then, as I looked upward into the dim mist surrounding us with my mouth agape, the sound I expected to come out of it never arrived, and I stood transfixed at what my senses told me could not exist in the layers of earth beneath the looming, resplendent structure that sat directly above it.

We were standing at the entrance of an immense cavern, the depth and breadth of which extended beyond what my impaired vision could calculate. But what I could see of it made me think of the expansive vistas of the Sahara Desert superimposed upon a landscape of red, indigenous rock whose massive stalactites and stalagmites rose effortlessly from both the floor and roof of the cavern, forming an imposing patchwork of glacial-like pillars that seemed to extend into infinity. And in the midst of several of these giant pillars, encircled as it was like some mock oasis, stood a pool of stagnant, white effluence, whose composition I could not detect from mere observation, and whose surface was broken by an occasional bubble forced upward from it's boiling interior, sending thin wisps of steam rising up from its surface.

"Come, let us take a closer look," Yvette said, as she took my hand and led me toward the seething pool.

"It smells horrible," I said, reluctant to move any closer. "You go."

"You must experience this yourself," she said, seemingly impervious to the repellent odor. "Otherwise our journey is for naught."

Without waiting for any further word from me, she gripped my hand hard and pulled me reluctantly toward the foul-smelling lagoon.

Because I had been so awestruck by my surroundings, I had failed to notice that the wailing voices, which had recently effected a most hideous din, had all but stopped, and that we were now looking down into the murky liquid while an almost obscene silence loomed all around us. Yvette didn't seem the least perturbed by it, but the sudden realization of it made me turn to her with fear.

"It's so quiet now," I said. "Did the people run away?"

She shook her head. "They are still here."

"Where? I don't see them."

"You must remember that you are seeing only a glimpse of the future. Time and space are always in constant flux. Be patient."

I was just about to question her further when we were suddenly engulfed by a tremendous blast of air: a bitingly cold maelstrom that broke over our heads like an all-consuming wave, forcing us back into one of the nearby stalagmites. The gale-like winds pressed against us unremittingly, and within this mysterious vortex I began to discern forms and shapes of things that were not readily describable, and which faded out of view as quickly as they appeared.

"What's happening?" I cried as my hand clutched her arm for support.

"They are coming. Hold on to me and do not let go."

I watched in horror as Yvette's long, auburn hair was violently whipped about in the hurricane-force winds, and pressed my body close to hers, unwilling to jeopardize our tentative physical connection.

And then the wailing began. At first it was very soft, almost plaintive, but with each passing moment the cries of agony grew louder until it drowned out even the awful fury of the pernicious storm.

"Look!" Yvette exclaimed, pointing toward a shifting mass of color not more than ten feet away.

I watched in complete astonishment as the form whirled around and around like some obsessed whirligig, arcs of light emanating from what I supposed constituted its main body, and apertures forming around it that resembled something like human extremities shooting our from these very same holes, all born of the surrounding winds. And then, suddenly, the air grew calm, and what were moments before only indistinct, unformed images, became the mouths, eyes, ears, heads, and bodies of hundreds of men and women, some beautiful, some hideous, but all actively engaged in some clandestine enterprise known only to them.

"Can they see us?" I asked anxiously, still gripping my guide's arm for dear life.

"No. To them we are nothing more than a passing shadow."

"All the men are naked."

"Of course. This is the Masturbatorium after all."

As the winds died down, I released my hold on Yvette and she once again led me to the murky pool, which was now surrounded by a group of 100 or so naked men who stood like sentinels around its periphery. The liquid seemed to boil more energetically than it did before, and the steam rose from its surface in great clouds that lingered over the landscape like a great mist.

"What is this?" I asked, looking from man to man. "What are they doing?"

"Watch."

I allowed my eyes to follow her gaze, which was directed toward the center of the effluence. The viscous substance that bubbled and churned so ferociously, and which seemed to coagulate into giant, whitish globs that occasionally spit upwards like a mini geyser, reminded me of tapioca that had remained too long on the stove. But as the milky fluid began to spill over onto the edges of the pool, I soon came to a horrible realization.

"Don't tell me that stuff is..."

"Yes," Yvette said, watching the men trying to evade the intermittent wash of white. "This is the sperm pool."

A group of women now made their way toward the overflowing semen, apparently unaware of our presence, and proceeded to instruct the men to masturbate themselves. I counted over 60 women in all, representing a wide spectrum of ages and body types. None of them wore the black robes of the Sisterhood, nor even casual dress, but instead were outfitted in the most garish leather or vinyl pants and blouse, often festooned with odd-looking metallic accessories of which even the most demanding dominatrix might approve. A few of the more aggressive-looking women held whips in their hands, their eyes intent on doing some mischief. Some of the women looked young, about my own age, and some were quite old, even ancient looking. Most of them were more or less attractive—a few were even beautiful, but some were downright hideous, their faces deformed by some unknown demonic agency that was reflected in their inchoate stares. I felt no hint of warmth or pity from any of them, but rather a cold and calculating intelligence that seemed to permeate the group's collective mind.

"Shoot all of it into the pool and don't miss a drop, otherwise you'll be flogged," said a very tall, imposing woman with jet-black hair that fell down to her waist.

To emphasize her point, she took the whip that she held in her hands and flicked it sharply over the back of one of the men, causing him cry out in pain.

"Now!" she commanded.

In an instant all the men fell to masturbating themselves under the watchful eyes of the women. The men, like their tormentors, represented a diverse age group, and were dissimilar in body type and attractiveness. All of them however, possessed very large penises and testicles.

"Why are they doing this?" I asked Yvette, as the men rapidly jerked their cocks, some of them groaning with lust, others groaning in pain, as an occasional lash fell across their backs in an effort to induce them to stroke harder.

"It is a form of punishment the Sisterhood inflicts upon those who bear false witness against them," she replied.

"Punishment? It looks like they're enjoying themselves."

She frowned. "They will not be enjoying themselves for long. Watch and see."

Those women who were holding the whips walked in between the rows of men, checking to make sure that each masturbator was performing the task correctly. The slightest hesitation was greeted with a lash across the back or the buttocks. The more apathetic among them felt the lash several times, and these men cried out in agony as thin rivulets of blood poured forth from their open wounds. I took pity upon these men, whom I hated to see so cruelly treated.

"Can't you do anything to stop this?" I asked.

"One can not change the future. One can only change the present in the hopes of changing the future."

"Are all of those men guilty of crimes against the Sisterhood?"

"Some of them are, but not all. Some are merely being taught to fear the Sisterhood by way of example."

"To keep them under control?"

"Yes."

"Why don't they fight back?"

"Some of them do. But most succumb to the Sisterhood's mental programming methods and, of course, physical punishment."

Soon the cavern was echoing with the mixed sounds of pleasure and pain as the 100 or so erect penises began to approach orgasm. The whipping ceased after a time when it became obvious that the men would rather obey orders than suffer the lash. One hundred hands flew up and down their respective shafts; like well-oiled pistons they coaxed and teased with machine-like precision, unrelenting in their efficacy.

"You!" shouted a blonde woman with a whip to the man next to her. "Hold that thing down," she said indicating his penis, "and aim the spurts into the pool, or else I'll flay you alive!"

The man immediately did as he was told, a look of utter fear upon his face.

Realizing that the men's orgasms were imminent, the women moved closer to their subjects, teasing and taunting them mercilessly as the masturbatory frenzy continued. Some of the women took it upon themselves to actually fondle the men's genitals, hoping to hurry along the process.

The sight of so many men masturbating themselves at one time was extremely erotic, even if utterly perverse. But what was even more exemplary was the way in which this eroticism affected the women themselves. Knowing they had accomplished their task, the women began to relax a little and allowed themselves to enjoy the spectacle without further recourse for punitive action. I, myself, was captivated from watching so many huge penises being stroked up and down at lighting speed until the crystal clear liquid began to drip from the little slit atop the head of the penis onto the men's hands and shafts. I know this must have stimulated the women too because a few of them decided to replace some of the men's hands with their own, furiously pulling on the huge organs while trading jokes with their compatriots. Throughout all this, Yvette remained impassive, displaying neither amusement or distaste for what I considered an entirely unprecedented spectacle.

"They are going to ejaculate any second now," Yvette said without removing her eyes from the scene. "Watch closely."

There was no other place to look. I had now become so turned on by this display of masculine prurience that I could hardly wait to see the barrage of ejaculations I knew were now on their way.

"I love to watch a guy cum," I said aloud, thinking about the way I had forced multiple orgasms out of Delvin's huge cock the year before.

"Do you?" Yvette smiled, watching as my face turned crimson. "So do I."

"You do?" I asked, surprised.

"Most certainly. I have masturbated many men to climax."

Suddenly several of the men let out huge groans all at once.

"Look!" Yvette said. "There they go!"

No sooner had she finished speaking than several enormous jets of sperm flew up and into the air high above the crowd, climbing effortlessly skyward in a 90-degree trajectory toward the center of the milky-white pool. As these first few spurts landed into the murky mixture, other cocks began to explode, sending their hot, creamy contents flying full speed to meet head on with other of their fellow victim's contributions. It was quite an impressive display of ejaculatory prowess as dozens of salvos of cum splashed into each other midway on their journey into the steaming pool. The women were delighted to see so many cocks climax at one time, their humiliating laughter serving to enervate, rather than detract, from the men's explosive orgasms.

"That's right," said the woman with the jet-black hair. "Get it all into the pool you miserable bastards! I want to see every cock completely drained!"

She walked around and in between the men, making sure that all the sperm was landing in the pool. At times she would allow her hand to tug on the men's scrotums, or simply run the handle of her whip between someone's ass cheeks, all the time her face displaying infinite contempt for these naked masturbators. Other women fondled the men as well, often insulting them to their faces, calling them "pieces of shit," or "pathetic assholes," even as they were in the throes of orgasm.

"Keep stroking!" another woman with short brown hair commanded, finding one man still unable to climax. "Work it harder! Harder!"

The man, a small, wiry, dark-skinned submissive with a huge penis, did as he was ordered and soon sent an amazing supply of sticky semen shooting across the surface of the pool. This was followed by six or seven more violent bursts, some of which collided with other volleys of sperm, creating droplets of white effluence that bounced and danced in the air before the eyes of the amused women.

"I love this!" the woman with the short brown hair laughed as she watched the little man's hand ferociously pull on his penis, sending yet another long jet of semen sailing into the pool.

"Men are such wretched pigs," a girl not much older than myself complained.

"Fucking wankers!" said another girl about the same age.

I watched as she went around from man to man, smacking their asses with her open palm even as the cum shot out in streams from their collective cocks.

When the last cock had finished delivering its creamy contribution to the mix, the woman with the jet-black hair ordered the men to remain where they were. The pool was now looking more milky white than ever before.

"What's going on?" I asked Yvette.

"Listen."

The woman with the jet-black hair now addressed the men with a voice laden with contempt.

"You pathetic creatures don't deserve to be called 'men'," she said with a smirk. "But your paltry contribution to the sperm pool will have to suffice." She called to one of her associates, a blonde girl of nineteen or twenty dressed in tight-fitting black leather pants and blouse. "Are they ready?"

"Yes, Marie, all is in order," the girl replied, barely able to suppress a laugh.

"Tell them to bring it out."

The young girl disappeared behind a massive rock formation that appeared to form the entrance to another smaller area, and for a short time it was quiet within the cave. Then Marie spoke up again.

"Although, as of yet, none of you miserable pieces of excrement has actually committed a crime against the Sisterhood, we deem it fitting that every so often those who have disobeyed our rules be punished by example. What you will witness here today need not happen to you, if you remain obedient."

Some of the women laughed as she finished her sentence, turning their attention to the creaking sound coming from behind them. I could see nothing at first, but the loud, scraping noise reminded me of something heavy and metallic being pulled along the surface of the stone floor with a slow, deliberate motion.

"What's that sound?"

"I don't know," my companion admitted dourly.

We didn't have to wait long for an answer.

From out of the mouth of the cave, two rows of naked men, ten on each side, came walking out holding a massive rope in their hands, their bodies straining and drenched in sweat. Behind them a huge metal tower standing almost thirty feet in height was towed along with great effort: a framework of metal beams that supported a central lever that could be lowered or elevated by means of a control panel attached to the lower section of the tower. The lever itself was about fifteen feet in length and jutted out from the middle of the device at a 45-degree angle. Fastened to its end was a small chair in which a naked and terrified man sat.

When the women saw the man's horrified expression they burst into gales of laughter, as each step brought him and the terrible device closer to the edge of the pool. The other men were ordered to make way for the new arrival as the machine was placed in a pre-selected position wherein the metal struts at the base could be locked into position in the stone floor. Having secured the device, the men who towed the machine were instructed to join the other men milling around the pool.

"Look at him cringing like a dog!" Marie said, addressing the man in the chair.

The men remained silent, observing their counterpart with nervous anticipation.

The hapless man's hands and feet were secured with ropes to the metal frame of the chair, and his entire head was held in place by a assembly of leather straps than ran under his neck, chin, and forehead and fastened to the back of the chair. He called out to Marie in a loud voice, begging to be forgiven for his disobedience. But she, like all the other Sisters, was indifferent to his pleas.

"The more you call out," she told him, "the lengthier the punishment."

He made one, last, vain attempt for mercy, but sensing the intractability of his tormentor he fell silent, as the raucous cheers of the women rose to a deafening roar. He struggled with his bonds but to no avail. Beneath him loomed the lake of viscous, white effluvia—now seething and bubbling more violently than before, a terrible concoction of years and years of accumulated sperm heated to a hateful temperature. The thought of what was about to occur filled my mind with revulsion.

"I really don't want to see this," I said to Yvette as I turned my head away.

"You must see it," she said firmly. "You must bear witness to these crimes and remember."

As the jeers of the women began to subside, Marie ordered one of her associates to stand next to the control panel. Once this was done, Marie then addressed the man in the chair.

"You are being punished because you disobeyed a direct order from one of the Sisters. Disobedience cannot be tolerated. However, as this is your first offence, the punishment will be lenient. Let this serve as a reminder to the rest of you," she said turning to the group of men assembled near the pool, "that the same fate awaits you should you be found guilty of insubordination."

"Dunk him! Dunk him!" one of the older women shouted.

Soon the entire Sisterhood took up the chant as Marie directed her associate to press the button that would lower the lever down into the murky slime. The associate did as she was told, and with a violent jerk the lever began to descend.

"Teach the bastard a lesson!" I heard someone scream over the din.

"Let him eat cum!" a thin, waspish-looking Sister shouted.

Seeing that the lever was now slowly making its way downward into the pool, the man struggled even harder to free himself from the chair. His face became twisted with fear.

"No! No!" he screamed as the lever made its inexorable descent. "Please! For God's sake, no!"

His voice could hardly be heard over the thunderous laughter and jeering. The male spectators looked on with a mixture of pity and awe, most trying to look away from the awful sight. The Sisters however were enjoying the spectacle immensely, and taunted the frightened man even more as the lever came to rest on the surface of the pool.

"Lower it all the way down!" Marie laughed joyously.

"No!" the man screamed as his feet touched the hot liquid.

Within seconds the lower half of his naked body was below the surface and he cried out in pain.

"It's hot! It's hot!" he yelled over and over again.

"Shut up you son of a bitch or we'll leave you under there forever!" Marie threatened.

I looked quickly at Yvette to see her reaction. There was none.

"How can you remain so indifferent to all this?" I asked.

"You must remember that this is only a vision of what might be, not what will be."

"I don't care. I still find it repulsive."

I had always found cruelty in any form extremely distasteful, but seeing these women, these supposed "enlightened" Sisters, behave in such a barbaric fashion made me view them as far less evolved than the men they were persecuting. In my view, punishment never seemed to be a very effective tool for getting people to act ethically. A system of rewards based upon support and encouragement seemed to be a far more fruitful approach to the age-old question of social conditioning.

The lever had now been lowered so far that the man's entire body below the neck was submerged in the hot, steaming vileness. His face was contorted in pain and tears were running down his cheeks.

"Let me out! Let me out!" he pleaded.

Marie's answer was to lower him further into the pool.

"Drink!" she ordered as the lever descended.

The fluid rose up above his chin, and as it reached his mouth I saw him inhale a great draught of air even as the sperm rose up above his nose and eyes and finally over his head entirely, completely submerging him.

"Ten, nine, eight..." Marie began counting as the others joined in. "seven, six, five, four, three, two...one! Lift him up!"

The Sister at the control panel pressed a button that slowly lifted the lever out of the pool as the entire assemblage cheered and applauded. As the man's head came up out of the wash, a great stream of sperm shot out of his mouth. He coughed and spat up even more of the milky effluence as though his mouth had become a lotion dispenser. His entire face and body was awash in semen and I watched as he took in great gulps of air, grateful to be removed from the awful liquid.

"And again!" Marie announced gleefully.

The man's face grew horrified at the thought of a second dunking as he tried to free himself once again.

"No, please!" I've learned my lesson," he implored. "I'll never do it again!"

On and on he went, hurriedly trying to get the words out even as the lever once more made its way down into the pool.

"I promise Sisters," he shouted as the liquid once again cascaded over his body. "I promise to obey! I promise..."

It was too late. The sperm had now covered his mouth and nose and he was once more totally submerged.

The women were delirious with joy as they heard the man's final words dissipate into the molten glue that now covered his body. Again Marie led the countdown and the man was then released up into the air, his feet resting on the pool's surface.

Before the man could utter a word, he found himself once again on his way into the pool, still coughing up sperm and screaming in agony. And the more he screamed, the more pleasure the women seemed to take from it.

"Not again," I uttered, shaking my head with disbelief. "It's disgusting."

I watched in horror as the man's body once more disappeared into the brackish liquid. This time he didn't even have enough time to utter a single word before being submerged. This, of course, made all the women cheer all the more loudly, and to their delight, Marie let the count go to twenty.

"They'll kill him," I said, feeling great sympathy for the tortured man.

For what seemed like an indeterminable time, they kept the man submerged. Only when I heard Marie say, "Let him up!" did the lever finally rise above the surface, but this time the man barely moved. Layers of thick, creamy sperm dripped off his body in disgustingly huge clumps, hitting the surface below with loud smacks. His eyes were closed but from his mouth poured out rivulets of semen. He tried to cough up as much of it as he could, but he must have swallowed several pints of the horrible brew. It appeared the punishment was over.

"Can we please go now?" I asked Yvette. "You've made me sick to my stomach."

"I'm sorry you had to see this, but it was necessary."

"What kind of people could allow this to happen?"

She looked at me in her cryptic fashion but said nothing.

With the punishment now concluded, my guide led me to another set of stairs leading to the floor below. She warned me that from here on in, the things that I would see and witness would take on an ever more disquieting appearance, but that I should not allow myself to be troubled by them but only to watch and learn. This was little comfort to me after what I had just seen, but I nevertheless wanted to accommodate her wishes, as I felt that I had something to learn from it all—something she felt compelled to teach me.

The staircase was much like the one we had used to arrive at the floor above, except that it formed one, huge, winding arc that seemed to go on forever. When we finally set foot on the rocky surface at the end of the stairway my feet were actually tired.

During our descent the strident cries of people in distress greeted us, with an occasional jeer or command rising above the rancor. It sounded to me like there were hundreds of voices echoing throughout the gloomy stairwell, some wailing, others laughing, but all tainted with the sound of some otherworldly malignance. At some point during our journey I began to experience a profound fear, and I startled Yvette when I suddenly grabbed her hand for reassurance.

"Do not be afraid," she said in a soothing voice. "Nothing can harm you here."

"It's the voices. They sound so awful."

"Let us see," she said, dragging me reluctantly behind her.

I was not prepared for what now loomed before me—a vast subterranean chamber that was more than twice the size of the one from which we had just exited, and filled with hundreds of men and women positioned in various places within the immense cavern. The men of course were completely naked. Some were chained to the rock face, spread-eagled and left unattended. Others were being tortured with the lash or forced to act as living furniture for their mistresses, one man's body even used as a human bridge to span a three-foot gap between two adjacent platforms over which the women constantly trod.

I saw all kinds of devices being employed in which to entrap the men, some of which I had never seen before. Some, like the rack or the Iron Maiden I had seen in history books, but the bulk of the other contraptions were something that could only have been invented by some demented and perverse genius. I could not fathom their design or purpose other than those poor souls who were trapped inside them appeared to suffer great agony, and Yvette had to use all her healing skills upon me to keep my mind from delving into madness.

The women seemed to go about their torturing business with great relish, salivating over every wound inflicted upon their foes, either verbally or by physical attack. Many of the men's backs were a disgusting mosaic of open wounds and welts that formed a canvas of black, blue, and red—testament to the unbridled rage of their whip-bearing tormentors. Bodies were torn on racks, stretched on the wheel, and, worst of all, cut into tiny fragments on a thing called the "harrow," a device with hundreds of exquisite, razor-sharp blades that made machine-like incisions into the epidermis and then worked its way by degrees downward into the deeper tissues. It was so gruesome that I was felt like I was going to retch.

"What in God's name did these men do to deserve this?" I cried.

"These are the men who employed physical violence upon the Sisterhood. It is the second greatest offense a man can commit."

"The second greatest offense?" I asked bewildered. "What's the first?"

"You will see."

"Are they going to die?"

"I suppose that would depend upon the severity of their transgression."

In one corner of the cavern a man was being forced to sodomize another man, while another was sitting bent over at the waist, his long penis with its tip firmly planted in his mouth while two women furiously masturbated him.

"He called me a whore," one of the women said menacingly as she roughly tugged away at the swollen shaft.

"And he called me a bitch," said the other woman. "Can you imagine that? This little piece of shit calling me a bitch?"

The two angry women were almost twice the size of the man, and while one of their hands was occupied with jerking him off, their free hands kept both his legs up toward his midsection and simultaneously forced his head down upon his cock so that they could force as much of his prick into his mouth. The more buxom of the two women, a brunette with a very beautiful face, grabbed his hair and began to shove his head up and down very quickly once she sensed he was nearing orgasm. The other woman responded by gripping his cock firmly under the corona, pushing the tip of his cock as far up as she could into his gasping mouth.

"Hey girls!" the brunette said to several women standing nearby. "Come and watch this. The son of a bitch is going to pop!"

Six or seven women quickly ran over to watch the spectacle, leaning in closely to observe the forced milking.

"We're going to watch you eat your own sperm," said the brunette. "And I hope you choke on it you fucking bastard!"

With several more vicious pulls on his hair, she forced his head down and held it there while the other woman fisted him with a series of rapid bursts. I watched as his huge balls convulsed and rose up in toward his body, and knew that the sperm was now on its way up through his tortured shaft. The women knew it too and laughed mercilessly as the man's face turned red in his effort to breathe between the unrelenting stroking.

"If I see one drop of sperm," said the brunette, "just one, we're going to do it all over again."

The man made some feeble gesture of understanding and prepared himself for the onslaught.

"He hasn't ejaculated in two weeks," said the woman pumping his prick to the other women standing around. "We made sure the fluffs got to him several times each day without giving him release so that his sperm buildup would reach its maximum potential."

"Oh, boy," said a young girl of about nineteen. "So he's really going to get a mouthful!"

The others laughed at her comment but stopped once they saw the man's throat begin to convulse.

"Here it comes!" laughed the brunette, as the first ropes of creamy sperm began to splash about in his gulping mouth.

The brunette held his head in place as the other woman kept stroking his climaxing cock. I could see his eyes bulge out of his head as the torrent of hot, liquid seed shot into his mouth, and in between swallowing his own semen he had to fight for a second's worth of air to breathe.

"He seems to like the taste of his own goo!" a voluptuous blonde offered, unable to take her eyes from the scene. "I love it!"

"Drink it all down you miscreant!" a middle-aged Sister rasped. "We don't want to see one drop!"

It must have been extremely difficult for the man to comply with his tormentor's wishes, seeing that his position was not conducive to keeping the sperm from escaping his mouth. But comply he did, managing to swallow so quickly and effectively that not one drop of cum was visible. This seemed to gratify the Sisters to no end.

"That's it, keep swallowing," the brunette said, looking pleased.

"Mmm...I'll bet it tastes like vanilla pudding!" the woman masturbating him squealed with joy, as her hands brought forth yet another creamy eruption.

As the man continued to swallow load after load of cum, the women derided him without mercy, some even offering to squeeze his balls or help masturbate him to get the most sperm from his cock into his mouth. His orgasm must have lasted almost thirty seconds, but it seemed to have lasted much longer. Nowhere was there to be found a trace of sperm.

Finally, his throat stopped contracting and the brunette released her grip on his head.

"Get up and go back to your cell, you fucking pig! And if you ever speak to anyone of us in that tone of voice again, I'll make sure you find yourself there on the rack!"

The man cowered before his female superiors as he made a quick and ignominious exit out a nearby doorway.

"I never thought that women could do such things to a man," I said as I watched the group disband.

"Why?" Yvette replied. "Men have done far worse to women."

"Yes, but it doesn't make it right."

She didn't reply but I saw her mouth curve up into a slight smile.

"What?" I asked. "What is it?"

"Nothing. Come, we must leave now."

Taking my hand, she led me to another flight of stairs not far off from where we were standing. I was puzzled by that enigmatic, Mona Lisa-type smile she had given me, but she would not divulge what it was she was thinking, even when I pleaded with her to tell me.

"Some things are best left unsaid," she finally replied. "Leave it at that."

"Why? Did I do something to offend you?"

"No," she laughed. "You have behaved exactly as I expected you to behave."

"What does that mean?"

"Don't you know?" she replied, as if I possessed the power to read her mind.

The flight of stairs that led us to the next floor comprised all of twenty steps, for which my tired legs were most grateful. It was rather disconcerting to find that instead of an immense cavern-like environment, such as that which existed on the upper floors, this area was no larger in dimension that a small banquet hall. In fact, the room was laid out much like a dining room with tables full of all different kinds of food, prepared in such a way as to be reminiscent of a medieval feasting hall, and replete with a long dais upon which sat all sorts of delicacies. Lit torches adorned the marble walls and tapestries hung down from the rafters, emblazoned with the emblems of some unknown character. There were three chairs positioned on one side of the table facing us, and in them sat three men busily feeding themselves. They were, like their counterparts above, completely nude, and they said nothing to each other as they feasted in a most rapacious manner upon the food in front of them.

"Who are these men?" I asked Yvette.

"They are the betrayers," she replied solemnly. "By their treachery many Sisters have met their deaths."

"Why are they being treated so well then? I don't understand."

"You will."

Several women bearing whips then entered the room and began instructing the men to eat quickly.

"Hurry, hurry," one of the women said. "Your Mistress will not be pleased if you don't eat enough. Eat! Eat!"

And with those words she, and the rest of the women, began to whip each man in order to make him eat faster. It was a sickening sight to see each man gorge himself without restraint while being continuously whipped. I had never seen such an example of wanton gluttony in my life.

"How can they stand the pain?" I asked.

"Their need to eat is greater than their fear of the lash," Yvette replied.

Before my horrified eyes each man soon began to expand under the watchful eyes of his tormentors. In cartoon fashion, the huge gulps of food soon manifested themselves as increases in bodily dimension until all normal appearance had been lost, and all that remained were three human-looking beach balls.

"How can this be?" I uttered.

"Time is condensing," Yvette said with some alarm. "The vision is dissipating."

"This can't be real," I uttered, willing myself to wake up from this horrible nightmare. I forced myself to turn away.

"No! Don't look away!" she admonished me. "Keep your eyes open!"

Even as she spoke, the scene began to waver. Light, color, dimension...all were blending into each other in kaleidoscopic fashion until all that was visible was one great wash of white. But in that one instant before the final dissolution occurred, I saw someone, no...something jump out from the midst of it. A great golden thing that moved within the miasma, its huge jaws wide open and ready to engulf the naked prey below. And then I suddenly heard myself calling out to the unsuspecting men to flee. But, as they were now nothing more than oversized beach balls, all they could do was roll around on the floor in a mindless display of fear. And as I saw the great jaw close down upon the terrified victims, the whirling vortex began to increase with each second, and my screaming continued until I found myself face to face with the loathsome Beast, its hideous face half human and half something else, reaching out with its many arms toward me.

"No!" I screamed, instinctively raising my arms up to protect my head.

Suddenly my guide's hand swept before my face and the frightful apparition, so close to swallowing me up, withered away. And I heard Yvette's voice—distant, hollow, but still audible, as if the words were being carried on a breath of wind.

"Remember what you have witnessed..."

And then the white backdrop of condensed time exploded into a thousand tiny fragments and my eyes opened to stare into the blaze of the rising sun.

************

All of it had been a dream. As I lay in my bed, half my body straining out of the disheveled covers, I noticed that my pillow was wet with perspiration and my heart was beating rapidly in my chest. My arms had been thrown above my head as if to ward off a blow, and I knew that had I not woken up just then, I might have died in my sleep from the sheer fright of the powerful vision. Every sight, every nuance, every pitiable scream now came back to haunt me in vivid detail. And as I shielded my eyes from the harsh light of the morning sun, I was nonetheless glad for its brilliance, as it provided me with a welcome measure of solace for one who had just awoken from a dark and hellish nightmare.

I rose out of bed and prepared my bath, deciding that I would take my time and enjoy the feel of the water against my skin. As I bathed I thought about the poachers who had been apprehended in my dream. I could not fathom why I had dreamt such a thing until I remembered that my aunt Phoebe had complained to Lenore that she had been having trouble recently with poachers, and that my aunt had found an effective way of dealing with the problem. What solution she arrived at she never mentioned, so in my dream I must have filled in the gaps with my own idea of how to handle the problem. But no. I distinctly remember Angelique making a reference to people she referred to as "hired men" whom she had enlisted to trap these poachers, but this statement was made during the excitement of the night before, when my attention was being constantly diverted. I couldn't be sure if I had heard her correctly or if I had imagined the whole thing.

When I was finished dressing I went downstairs and found my aunt and Lenore sitting in the kitchen eating breakfast. My aunt was wearing a pair of white shorts, tennis sneakers, and a simple, blue blouse. Lenore was similarly dressed but she was wearing a pale pink halter-top. Two tennis racquets lay side by side on the counter top, and half-eaten eggs and toast remained on their plates.

"Well, you're up early today!" my aunt proclaimed as I made my entrance into the kitchen. "What would you like for breakfast?"

"What you're having is fine with me," I said, giving my aunt a kiss on the cheek.

My aunt told the cook to prepare breakfast for me as I sat down beside her.

"Good morning, Holly," Lenore said cheerfully. "Did you sleep well?"

"I had a nightmare actually. It was very disturbing."

"What was it about?" she asked.

As I poured myself a glass of orange juice, I debated whether or not I wanted to reveal the part about my journey into the Masturbatorium with Yvette and decided against it. The dream, or vision, as Yvette had called it, was still too real to me, and for some reason I could not fully explain, I felt reluctant to share it with anyone. It was something I could not understand logically: it was more of an intuition, a sense that, for the time being, it was in my best interests to keep the startling revelation secret, as much as it killed me to do so.

"Well," I began, "I got lost in the forest and had to sleep there overnight. Then I heard some poachers come by and they were shot with some arrows or something and were taken away by a bunch of men dressed in strange outfits. It was all very weird."

My aunt laughed. "You dreamt that because we were talking about poachers last night."

"That's right," Lenore confirmed. "Your aunt has had problems with those awful men every now and then."

"But my daughter found a way to deal with it," my aunt beamed. "Instead of involving the local police, who are entirely inept at tracking these criminals, Angelique recommended that we use some of the men we already have under our employ. Men who know this countryside and the habits of the poachers very well. Now the animals are safer and we get to see these poachers punished."

"Who are these men?" I asked.

"You met one of them the other day."

"I did?" I asked again, looking at my aunt and then at Lenore.

"Yes, you did. His name is Jacques, my foreman."

"How did you know that?"

"Well, I do talk to my employees now and then, Holly," she said tersely. "And there isn't much that gets by me around here."

It seemed to me that Angelique's suggestion to organize the vineyard's laborers into a makeshift police force had been made to seem as if it were of greater importance than it really was, and my aunt made no attempt to conceal her satisfaction in parading my cousin's stellar achievement before me in such a way that would seem to belittle me in Lenore's eyes. I don't think the Sisterhood leader regarded the incident as one that would tip the balance in favor of my cousin, but she smiled at my aunt nonetheless while she stuffed a forkful of eggs into her mouth.

"Where is Angelique?" I inquired of my aunt.

"She had Jake drive her into Paris very early this morning. She was going to meet some friends for breakfast and then pick up her dress. You do know that we are having dinner tonight at the Le Boeuf sur le Toit?"

Suddenly my thoughts turned to the handsome Swedish boy Craig and what dress I was going to wear.

"Yes, I know. I'm looking forward to seeing Dr. Swensen again."

"Speaking of her, I received a phone call from her secretary this morning. It seems that she and Dr. Hellstrom had to return to Stockholm immediately. She didn't say why. It's a shame too. I really wanted to talk to her about her research."

"Oh," I said, feeling somewhat disappointed. "Do you know if Craig and Barney are leaving too?"

"No, they are going to remain with us for a little while," Lenore said, smiling as she saw my eyes light up. "You like that blonde boy, don't you?"

"He's very handsome," I replied.

"And he enjoys being controlled by a woman."

"So does the big guy," my aunt said. "I think they'll perform well in the 'Long Shots' contest—if they can adapt to our method of training."

Lenore looked at her watch. "Which reminds me, we have a disciplinary session in Training Room 1 in about an hour."

"Go ahead if you want," my aunt advised. "I'll meet you in about twenty minutes. Angelique knows to meet us there and I want you there too, Holly."

"Why do I have to go?"

"We want you to see how we deal with insubordination," Lenore said firmly. "You can regard it as part of your training."

Having just awoken from a bad dream in which punishment had taken on a major role, I was not happy to have this sprung upon me, and especially without any prior notice. I was certain my aunt could read the displeasure in my face.

"You could have told me, aunt Phoebe. I had other things planned for today."

My aunt slowly raised her eyes up off her plate.

"You don't have to go if you don't want to, Holly. I can't force you. But if you expect to be part of this organization, you must be willing to make sacrifices. If you find that you cannot fulfill your obligations, then..."

"It's all right, Phoebe," Lenore cut in. "I'm sure Holly wants to do whatever is good for the Sisterhood. Isn't that right, Holly?"

Lenore looked at me in a most motherly fashion, making me feel guilty for even entertaining the idea that I should forego the event to pursue my own selfish needs.

"If it's that important to you."

"It is," my aunt said, giving me an uncommonly stern look. "And it's important for you as well. Meet us there in one hour."

I left the room without another word to either of them. I did not appreciate the fact that I had not been informed about this "disciplinary session," nor was I pleased at my aunt's dictatorial attitude toward me, or the way she played up Angelique's suggestion as if to humble me before Lenore. I regarded it as a flimsy attempt to earn her daughter a few extra points in Lenore's eyes, and I felt it unworthy of my aunt to act so callously.

As I walked out of the kitchen I realized that I hadn't eaten any of my breakfast, but now I didn't care because I was feeling anger in my stomach and to eat would only make me sick. I decided to walk outside onto the lawn and sit by myself on one of the lounge chairs to consider what had just transpired, but I could not get rid of my negative thoughts.

I laid down on the chair and let the warmth of the sun and the soothing, exotic scents of the flowers have their way with me. In such a pastoral environment I could not stay miserable for too long, and I soon felt my anger assuaged by the thought that I had not been told about this "session" because it was probably some kind of test they were going to put me through. A test of what, though? Loyalty? Obedience? These traits were high on the list of qualities a Sisterhood initiate should possess, but maybe I fell short somehow? I had always wondered why Lenore had chosen me to be her successor when I had done barely anything to prove my worth or ability to her or the other Sisters except to invoke some sense of sentimentality in the Sisterhood leader. Maybe now was the time for me to prove myself to them. Maybe that's why Lenore and my aunt were so insistent that I attend. After all, Lenore did say that it was a part of my "training."

I decided to call my parents and say hello. It had been several days since we last spoke and I was beginning to experience a little separation anxiety. The first thing my mother did when she picked up the phone was to inquire whether or not my aunt Phoebe was forcing me to partake in any of her crazy jaunts, as she put it. I assured her that I was being treated perfectly fine and that there was no need to worry that I would succumb to my aunt's questionable lifestyle. Having promised to keep all knowledge of the Sisterhood secret, I could not discuss my recent sojourn into the Masturbatorium, or the disturbing nightmare I had experienced, although I was severely tempted to violate that injunction more than once during our conversation. We spoke for about ten minutes, and once she was assured that I was indeed doing fine, we said goodbye. I asked to her to give a kiss to my dad for me and then hung up the phone feeling a little better that I had talked to her.

The combination of the warm, pleasant air and the welcome fragrance of the flowers had a soothing effect upon me, and I soon closed my eyes. I began to wonder what my Sisterhood leaders were going to do in Training Room 1, and who exactly was going to be the object of their displeasure.

Every so often my thoughts would wander into the nightmare world Yvette had shown me, and what cryptic, internal thought mechanisms had brought forth such imagery out of my subconscious. And what was that thing that I saw thrashing back and forth in a maddening frenzy just before I woke up? That nondescript but uncompromisingly evil apparition left an indelible impression upon my mind, and the strange feeling of familiarity that I felt toward it troubled me greatly.

"Hey lazy bones! Wake up!"

I opened my eyes to see Angelique staring into my face.

"Oh, shit! I said, rising from my chair. "Did I fall asleep?"

"Yes, you did!" she laughed. "We're supposed to meet mom in the Training Room remember? Come on, we're late."

She was wearing a very short pink dress and matching pink shoes, a white and pink checkerboard-style blouse, a wide-brimmed sunhat, and sunglasses. The two-inch heels on her shoes made her legs look even longer than they normally did. I surmised that the event about to take place was what might have prompted her to accentuate her already impressive limbs for the sake of whatever males there might be in attendance. Her hair, perfectly straight and hanging all the way down to her waist, glimmered like a shield of bronze across her backside. I had never seen her look more stunning.

"You hit one of the salons didn't you?" I asked, as we both made a hurried entrance into the house.

"Got my nails and toenails done too," she said, waving her newly manicured hand in front of my face. "Wait until you see my new dress!"

I smiled at her but felt no inclination to discuss her latest purchase. I was too worried about what was awaiting me in the Training Room.

"Do you know what's going on with this disciplinary thing?"

"Some kind of test Lenore likes to pull on us every now and then. Don't worry about it. Just be yourself and you'll be fine."

"You don't seem to concerned about it."

"I'm not."

Training Room 1 was located on the third level of the Masturbatorium—a floor I had yet to see. Angelique chuckled at my surprised expression when the elevator door opened and we found ourselves in a very large, circular room containing a long, oval table around which dozens of women sat. A series of doors flanked the walls on either side, some of which were open to reveal the kind of medical equipment one might find in a doctor's office. All of the women were impeccably attired in sleek business suits and seemed to be in the midst of a heated discussion. Upon seeing us, the conversation stopped immediately, and we were greeted with harsh stares. Lenore sat at the head of the table with my aunt Phoebe seated to her immediate right, and Justine and Estelle on Lenore's left. Some of the other women I recognized from previous encounters, others I had never seen before. My cousin and I halted in front of Lenore, who was visibly annoyed by our late arrival.

"You girls should know better than to show up at this time," the Sisterhood leader said to us as she glanced down at her watch. "You're ten minutes late."

"Ten minutes and 33 seconds, actually," Justine chimed in.

"I'm sorry," I said looking around at all the stern faces around me. "I fell asleep out on the patio."

Some of the women grumbled at my explanation, while others merely chuckled. Neither my aunt nor Lenore looked amused.

"I got back as fast as I could, mom," Angelique said in her best apologetic voice.

"I'm not interested in excuses!" Lenore suddenly blurted out. "The both of you have to learn to be responsible. But in the interests of saving time, I will forego any punishment—this time. Now go and sit down over there and listen carefully to what I have to say."

She indicated that we sit on two empty chairs at the back of the room adjacent to one of the open doors. I felt all eyes upon me as my cousin and I made our way around the crowd of women, feeling as though I had committed some heinous crime by being tardy. Angelique seemed undisturbed by Lenore's little tirade, but I felt a twinge of disappointment at seeming, once again, at a distinct disadvantage in the older woman's eyes. We both sat down and tried to look repentant.

"Now the two of you sit there and be quiet," Lenore said gruffly. "For the moment you will observe and say nothing. Am I understood?"

Both Angelique and I shook our heads in acknowledgment.

Lenore turned to Estelle. "All right. Let's get on with it. What's the first order of business today?"

"There is a discipline problem with one of sister Phoebe's new servants," Estelle began, looking down at a pile of papers in front of her. "He refuses to offer a sperm sample for the medical exam all the servants are required to take each year."

"Refusal is not within his rights as a servant to the Sisterhood," Lenore informed Estelle. "Why is he having this problem?"

"It seems," Estelle began, "that he feels it's degrading for him to ejaculate into a cup with a doctor and nurse standing by."

"Indeed," Lenore replied somewhat bemused. "This is our standard procedure and has been for years. The doctor must be present to ensure the pristine quality of the sample. That was explained to him, was it not?"

"Yes, but he can't seem to get over his shyness."

"But his shyness didn't prevent him from telling Dr. Monroe to go fuck herself. Is that not what he said?"

"He did say that, yes."

Lenore turned to my aunt. "Well, it does seem that you have a problem on your hands, Phoebe. Have you given any thought to what might be done to rectify it?"

My aunt stole a glance at Angelique and me. "Yes, I have." She pressed a button on the intercom. "You may come in now, doctor."

In a few moments the door opened and in walked a tall, attractive, red-haired woman who looked to be in her early 30s. She was dressed in a white lab coat and was followed by a young, blonde girl wearing a nurse's outfit. Following them was a tall, good-looking, but rather thin man, perhaps about 20 years old or so, with long brown hair and a neatly trimmed moustache. He was dressed in a hospital gown and was barefoot. He seemed very tense and anxious upon seeing the crowd of women who were now eagerly craning their necks this way and that to get a glimpse of this disobedient upstart. The doctor, nurse, and "patient" were instructed to walk to the end of the room where Angelique and I were sitting. As they passed by us, two of the women in the crowd got up and proceeded to draw back a retractable panel that was connected to the office door nearest me, exposing a smaller area into which the doctor, the nurse, and the patient now entered. The entire room was empty save for a small 12-inch riser upon which the patient was ordered to stand.

"I don't enjoy meting out punishments," Lenore said standing up. "As most of you know, I consider it to be one of the least enjoyable aspects of my work. But disobedience cannot be tolerated." She turned to my aunt. "Phoebe, how are we going to get this man to produce a sperm sample for us?"

"I believe there are two people here right now who can help with this problem," my aunt replied.

"Oh? And who might they be?"

"Angelique and Holly," my aunt replied, looking directly at us.

"Perfect!" Lenore said, smiling at my cousin and I with satisfaction at the premeditated plan. "I leave this man's punishment in your competent hands."

I nearly fell out of my seat when I heard my aunt mention my name. I wasn't prepared to take part in anyone's punishment and didn't have the least idea of how to go about administering it, or to what degree. Angelique saw my trepidation and took my hand and squeezed it reassuringly, wearing a grin on her face that told me she had been through all this before.

"A piece of cake," she said, seemingly non-perturbed by the test we were now about to undertake.

Some of the women in the audience, especially the effervescent Felicia Antonetti and the sultry Janet Walsh, spoke to Angelique and I, wishing us luck. In fact, most of the women appeared very encouraging to us with the exception of a few, most of whom I had never seen before. These few, including the doctor herself, seemed very proud and humorless, and Angelique advised me to ignore their haughty stares and disparaging remarks, spoken amongst themselves in whispers, lest it interfere with my concentrating on the task ahead. My cousin had had limited exposure to these unfriendly women over the course of the past year, and she had nothing good to say about them.

"They're a bunch of jealous bitches," she said, staring straight at the smirking group of self-styled pedigrees. "Especially that one in the middle. She thinks she is the reincarnation of Yvette herself. I hate her guts."

"Yvette?" I asked suddenly.

"Yvette Anjou. You know, our esteemed Sisterhood founder. The one who started this whole thing? She's a distant cousin of my father's, but a real Anjou."

"What's her name?"

"Charlotte," my cousin replied. "That's all you need to know about her."

The woman my cousin described looked eerily familiar to the woman in my vision. She possessed the same penetrating blue eyes—large and liquid and set within an unusually heavy brow and denoting a high level of intelligence, but also a capacity for ruthlessness; high cheekbones; long auburn hair that fell about her shoulders in the most flattering way; an aquiline nose with perfectly symmetric nostrils; and a smile that was at once both charming and disarming. In effect, she was nothing short of beautiful, and like my uncle Pierre, she possessed the same tall, slim stature and forceful nature of all the Anjou line. She was dressed simply in a black skirt and matching blouse, and wore a stunning pearl necklace around her neck. I noticed that her associates seemed to defer to her constantly, as if seeking her approval on every word.

"Doctor Monroe," my aunt said. "Please explain to all the Sisters your recent experience with this man. Keep it short and to the point if you will."

The lovely redhead moved directly in front of the dour-looking patient, who himself had been constantly looking down at the floor without once looking up since taking his place on the platform. She held a clipboard in her left hand that had some papers attached to it, and she quickly glanced at these before speaking.

"The patient's name is

"Please repeat it, doctor," my aunt said.

"He told me to...to go and fuck myself," she answered with some hesitation.

The women began to murmur amongst themselves upon hearing this story, some casting disparaging glances at the patient.

"This man," my aunt began to the crowd, while looking coldly in Mr. Villon's direction, "has not only disobeyed orders, he has insulted one of our Sisters. Is there any doubt in your minds that he should be punished for his behavior?"

The entire entourage exploded as if in one voice, condemning the young man for his actions. He looked like an escaped prisoner who had been caught and was now awaiting sentencing. Angelique looked at the man with obvious distaste, and I could see her mind was working out some fanciful punishment even through her grimace. Her expression sent a cold shiver up my spine.

"Do you know," my aunt said to the cringing young man, "that two kings of France bore the name of Villon? A most noble name, but you...you have degraded it. Look at you! Standing there like a lost puppy! Take off your gown right now or I'll have it ripped from your body!"

The young man hesitated for a moment, but seeing the anger in my aunt's face, and the disapproving looks of all the women in the audience, he slowly untied the knot in the back of his gown that held it in place and let the garment fall halfway down his body, where he gathered the material up into a ball and held it before his crotch.

"Let it drop!" my aunt yelled. "Now!"

"Please, madame," the boy pleaded. "I'll do whatever you want, but don't let me be humiliated this way."

"If you don't do as I say you will suffer worse consequences," my aunt warned him.

The boy looked around the room, searching desperately for a sympathetic face. He found it in mine.

"He's afraid aunt Phoebe, can't you see that?" I blurted out.

Suddenly the room was dead quiet, and all eyes were now focused upon me. Angelique looked at me as if I had perpetrated a cardinal offence, but it was Lenore who stood up, her normally placid composure completely lost.

"Did anyone tell you to interfere, Ms. McKenzie?" she said hotly.

"No," I replied in a startled voice.

"You are here to observe. When and if your input is required, you will be duly informed. But for now you will sit there and say nothing. Am I understood?"

"Yes."

Lenore said something to my aunt and then resumed her seat. I saw her break into a quick discussion with Estelle and Justine, both of whom stole glances at me now and then, leaving me with no doubt in my mind that they were greatly displeased by my outburst.

I had never seen Lenore angry before, and it really shocked me to feel the brunt of her displeasure. And what made it worse was that it was I who had been the recipient of her scorn. Angelique, too, seemed at first surprised by the reprimand, but that soon wore off and was replaced with an obviously smug satisfaction that it was better that I, rather than her, who was made to look foolish in front of all these women. Charlotte Anjou, strangely enough, did not seem to take any relish in my apparent discomfort, looking at me with an almost parental concern that reminded me of her ancestor's motherly affection toward me as she guided me through the depths of the futuristic Masturbatorium. I noticed also that none of her close associates took any pleasure in my discomfort, nor did Dr. Monroe, which made me wonder why my cousin was trying to paint these women in a negative light.

During this entire faux pas, Mr. Villon stood exactly in the same spot, the crumpled robe still held at his midsection, protecting his genitals. Dr. Monroe said a few words to him, but he just kept shaking his head from side to side, refusing to give up his robe like a little boy who would not relinquish his toy. My aunt had seen and heard enough.

Rising from her chair, she ordered Dr. Monroe to physically remove the objectionable piece of clothing. As the doctor reached out her hand to grasp the gown from the boy's hands, he clung to it even tighter and pulled away from her, causing her to lose her balance. She fell onto the platform at the boy's feet, apparently uninjured but greatly humiliated. Alicia quickly came to her aid and helped the doctor to her feet, but the damage had been done.

I saw my aunt give Angelique a silent nod, and without warning my cousin dashed up onto the platform and delivered a hard slap across Mr. Villon's face, sending him reeling backward in shock. At the same time she grabbed the gown from his hands, leaving him now completely naked, and held it above her head triumphantly as though she were displaying a trophy.

But nobody in the room was looking at the crumpled clothing she held so proudly above her head. Instead their concentration was focused upon Mr. Villon, or more aptly, upon what Mr. Villon had been hiding beneath his gown.

All at once, every woman in the room gasped.

"Jesus Christ!" my aunt exclaimed, her face registering first surprise and then bemusement at the naked man on display. "You should have said something about that, doctor!"

Doctor Monroe turned to one side and looked down between the patient's legs. She smiled and shook her head, appreciating the shocked and amused responses of the excited women around her, having seen the source of their exuberance only the day before.

"I'm sorry," the doctor laughed. "I thought you knew. He is very well endowed."

"Endowed?" Felicia squealed. "Mama mia! He's enormous! Hung like a fucking horse!"

The entire group, who were now moving in closer to take a look at the patient's gargantuan organ, shared her observations.

"How big is his penis, doctor?" Justine inquired, craning her neck forward to get a better view.

"Alicia," the doctor said to the young nurse. "You measured him yesterday. How long is it?"

The nurse looked like she was going to bust out laughing but valiantly kept her composure.

"Fourteen and three-eighths inches, doctor," Alicia announced proudly, enjoying the women's astonished reactions at the mention of such an impressive statistic. "And that's flaccid," she added. "We've yet to see him erect."

A chorus of moans emanated throughout the room as the women absorbed the spectacle before them, and I watched as my cousin joined in the ruckus, laughing and gesticulating at the huge piece of flesh dangling between the cowering man's legs.

"Come here, Holly," she said. "You have to fucking see this!"

Not wanting to further displease my aunt or Lenore, I had remained in my seat in obedience to their orders. But now, with my cousin's approval, and seeing that the entire room was now in an uproar, I rose from my chair and stood next to Angelique. I was curious and wanted to get a better view of this monster penis. What I saw made me gasp.

The shaft itself was not erect, yet it hung almost to his knees. Its girth was probably about three inches around—an unprecedented specimen by any standards. His balls too, were very large and oval shaped, jutting out lewdly from each side of his penis. The thing almost didn't look real, so massive was its appearance. My cousin and I looked at each other in wonderment, and then we both broke out into unbridled laughter. Soon the entire group of women were laughing along with us, and pointing to, and making comments about, the young man's astonishing piece of equipment.

"Will you look at the size of that bloody dork?" Marge Davis shouted. "I wouldn't want it plying my furrow!"

"No wonder he didn't want to give a sperm sample," another woman laughed. "He didn't want anybody to see it!"

Mr. Villon, looking defeated and totally humiliated, hung his head and made no attempt to cover his genitals. It would have been useless anyway; his small hands could never have completely hidden his magnificent tool from view. Amidst all the commotion, his eyes did, at one point, meet mine, and I could almost feel his distress. Even while I was laughing at him, I began to hate myself for ridiculing what was, essentially, an abnormality over which he had no control. I stopped laughing then and moved away from my cousin, who didn't seem to notice or care that she had been responsible for the young man's shattering humiliation. As the tumult began to subside, Lenore ordered everyone to return to their seats, while Dr. Monroe, Alicia, and two other medical assistants stood on the platform and held Mr. Villon fast.

"Well," the Sisterhood leader said, clearing her throat. "That is the biggest schlong I have ever seen in my life!"

This comment sent the faithful into fits of laughter.

"Whoever thought we had such a treasure in our very midst!" she continued. "Phoebe, you must not keep such knowledge as this to yourself. Some of your Sisters may get jealous!"

The crowd laughed even harder this time, and my aunt Phoebe laughed hardest of all.

"Thank you, Angelique," Lenore said. "You've given your sisters a glimpse of a new and larger world!"

My cousin, who had just now resumed her seat, and was still holding Mr. Villon's gown in her hands, smiled victoriously as the crowd laughed and cheered.

"Doctor Monroe," Lenore said, wiping a joyful tear from her eyes. "I think it's time we got that sperm sample!"

A thunderous round of applause greeted this statement, but there was some discrepancy between Lenore and her associates as to who was going to do what to get Mr. Villon to ejaculate. Doctor Monroe looked perplexed as to what her next move might be, and my aunt, seeing the vacillation in the doctor's face, now saw an opportunity to advance her cause.

"Sister Lenore, if I may," she began. "This young man needs a firm and disciplined hand. I would like to suggest that my daughter Angelique conduct his punishment."

Lenore thought about this for a moment and then turned to Angelique. "Do you feel up to this task?"

Looking disdainfully at Mr. Villon, Angelique threw the gown back on the stage as if offering him a challenge.

"I'll take care of him," she said coldly.

"Very well," Lenore said. "He's all yours."

"Remember what I told you," Angelique said to me as she rose from her chair. "All men are shit, and the more you humiliate them, the more you can control them. Just watch."

"You shouldn't have hit him," I said. To which my cousin just smirked and turned her back on me.

There was an air of expectation in the audience now that the responsibility for Mr. Villon's punishment had fallen into Angelique's hands. For my aunt, who was now beaming with pride at her daughter's victory over the hapless man, this had become a defining moment—a moment in which, if Angelique could accomplish her task, would prove to the Sisterhood that Lenore's decision to name me as her successor was premature and ill advised. I knew that my aunt Phoebe loved me and didn't want to see me fail. But I knew that she loved her daughter more, and would do anything to promote Angelique's interests above those of my own. I understood this on an intellectual level, but emotionally it was a drain upon my nerves. I knew that my aunt had been continuously hammering away at Lenore over these past few weeks, using any chance she could to undermine the older woman's confidence in me. And now, seeing the appreciative look on my mentor's face at Angelique's bold, but seemingly necessary, action taken against the recalcitrant Mr. Villon, I began to realize that her negative impression of my cousin's character might have been premature and flawed, and worth reexamining in light of the hitherto lesser candidate's recent achievement.

As Angelique confidently took the stage next to the timorous young man, her arrogant posture seemed indicative of a battle already won. I had not appreciated the fact that she had chosen to resort to physical violence to achieve her ends, although I, myself, had been at a loss as to what to do to retrieve the robe. Now, with the benefit of hindsight, I think my solution would have been to calm the boy down somehow, rather than exacerbate his misery. Such an idea would have been foreign to my headstrong cousin, who, after all, regarded most men as nothing more than vermin.

Angelique now stood directly in front of the patient, surrounded and held in check by Dr. Monroe, nurse Alicia, and two other formidable-looking female assistants, both attractive brunettes in their twenties. She stared at his sleek, muscular body with contempt, her eyes finally resting on his outsized penis. The boy, fearing she might strike out at him yet again, took a few steps back, trying unsuccessfully to use his hands to cover the source of her distaste.

"If I had something like that hanging between my legs, "Angelique said to Mr. Villon, "I wouldn't want anyone to see it either."

Some of the women laughed.

"I guess you don't have sex very often, do you?"

Mr. Villon stared down at the floor and said nothing.

"Of course you don't. What woman in her right mind would want that ugly thing anywhere near her?"

There was no laughter this time, only the sound of shuffling feet and muffled voices. Angelique then let one of her hands fall onto his chest, teasing his nipple. The boy instinctively drew back.

"Don't worry," she said. "I'm not going to hit you again. Unless you make me angry."

My cousin asked me to bring her a chair, which I dutifully did. So that no one's view was obstructed, she sat down a few feet away and on a diagonal plane to Mr. Villon. She then removed her shoes and crossed her lovely, long legs in a splendid cheesecake-style pose, aiming the toes of her right foot directly underneath his elephantine organ. She let her foot bounce up and down several times, just lightly touching the underside of his shaft, causing him great alarm.

"I want to make this easy for you, Mr. Villon," Angelique began, taking pleasure in letting her toes tease the delicate flesh of his cock. "Give me what I want and you can leave. Resist me and face the consequences."

"What...what consequences?" the boy stammered, as he watched his tormentor's toes move slightly down to play with the loose skin around his huge testicles.

Angelique grinned. "The consequences are that if you should fail to produce a sperm sample, you will be placed into a machine that will forcibly extract the sperm from you. It's not a pleasant experience, trust me."

Mr. Villon stood there numbly, looking nervous.

"Of course I might decide to kick you in the balls as well if you don't comply."

To emphasize her point, my cousin raised her toes upward into Mr. Villon's sac, making him wince.

"Please, you are hurting me, mademoiselle!" the boy complained.

"Angelique!" the doctor said, reaching out her hand to push the offending foot away.

My cousin let out a sinister laugh. "Don't worry doctor, I'm not going to hurt him—yet."

Doctor Monroe frowned. "Sister Lenore," she began. "I don't think physical abuse is the answer here."

"For the moment you will follow Angelique's orders," Lenore replied.

My cousin stole a quick glance at me and smiled wickedly.

"And you, Angelique," Lenore continued. "If you damage his balls, it's unlikely he'll be able to give us that sample. Now get to it."

"Yes, Sister," Angelique replied.

"We'll need the specimen jar," Dr. Monroe said to Angelique. "The very large one."

"I should think so," my cousin laughed. "Nurse," she said to Alicia. "Please fetch the jar and bring it here."

Alicia went to retrieve the jar and returned moments later with a glass beaker about two feet in length and wide enough to accommodate the monstrous shaft. She handed it to Angelique.

"Do you see this?" my cousin said to Mr. Villon as she held the beaker aloft. "You are to ejaculate into this. Is that understood?"

Mr. Villon was almost going to reply, but remained silent, letting his eyes dart around from one end of the room to another like a terrified animal seeking shelter.

"Is that understood?" Angelique repeated emphatically.

"Yes," he replied feebly. "But this...this is so humiliating. I don't think I can do it."

"Of course you can do it you foolish man. And do you know why? Because I know about your little secret: your fetish for women's sweaty, smelly feet!"

This surprising revelation made everyone laugh. Even Dr. Monroe couldn't contain herself, laughing heartily along with the rest of her staff as Mr. Villon's face turned crimson with shame.

"Many men have this sick and disgusting fetish," Angelique continued. "Why should you be any different?"

"How do you know about this?" the boy cried, his voice breaking under the weight of this new humiliation.

"Word gets around, Mr. Villon. But I knew you had a foot fetish by the way you constantly kept looking at my feet. Well? Here they are! And here's the specimen jar. How about I rub my feet up and down your cock until you spurt that huge load of cum out of your cock and into this jar? Would you like that? I know Dr. Monroe would like to watch you shoot your hot semen, wouldn't you doctor?"

"Yes, actually," the doctor replied. "I always enjoy watching my patients ejaculate."

"How about you nurse?" Angelique said to Alicia. "Would you like to see my feet bring him to orgasm?"

"I think it would be fun to watch," the nurse replied.

Angelique then turned to face the audience. "How about it Sisters? Would you all love to see my hot, sweaty feet bring this fucking guy off?"

This provoked a tremendous response from the crowd.

"Yes! Yes! Make him shoot it all into the jar!" Janet Walsh screamed as she leaned back on the table and lifted one of her own amazingly long legs over the other.

"

The rest of the audience soon took up this chant. I could tell that although my cousin was enjoying her rapport with the audience, Mr. Villon was clearly becoming more distressed instead of turned on at the prospect of being masturbated in this fashion. It would be interesting to see if his fascination with my cousin's feet would be enough to overcome his inherent shyness.

The patient was instructed by Dr. Monroe to plant his feet firmly on the platform about two feet apart with his hands held behind his back. She stood to his right, her body pulled in close to his to aid in his support, while the two assistants supported him from the opposite side. Nurse Alicia had retrieved a jar of Vaseline at my cousin's request and now handed it to Angelique. Angelique, in turn, handed the pretty nurse the beaker, which she now carried to a spot several feet away to the patient's left and just behind my cousin.

"Are you going to behave yourself or will you have to be restrained?" my cousin asked the wary young man as she dug her fingers into the jar and pulled out a huge glob of grease, which she began to apply sensually to the toes of both feet.

"I...I will behave," he said softly, watching intently as his tormentor lazily applied the lubricating substance to her soles and in between the crevices of her toes.

"I'm glad to hear it. Otherwise I'd have to strap you onto the examination table like Dr. Monroe tried to do."

It was clear that the doctor did not appreciate this last snide comment, as it insinuated that she had somehow failed in her duty. She shot Angelique a cold stare and then looked away; her face registering indignation.

"Oh, you don't have to strap me down, mademoiselle," Mr. Villon said humbly. "I'll give you your sample."

Angelique didn't even look up at him. She simply laughed and continued to apply the Vaseline, now to the top of her feet as well. "Doctor," she said. "We're going to need to lubricate his schlong too. I want you to coat it with this stuff and then get him going for me."

"What do you mean, 'get him going'?" Dr. Monroe asked sullenly, as she took the jar from Angelique.

"I mean I want you to get him hard. You know how to do that I hope?"

This second rather callous remark, a direct reference to the doctor's prior ineptitude, made the sultry redhead visibly angry. It was obvious my cousin didn't like this woman, but to insult her pride in front of all the other Sisters displayed an appalling lack of propriety. The doctor, to her credit, said nothing, and proceeded to put on a pair of surgical gloves. The entire room had fallen silent.

"Okay," Angelique said to the doctor. "Lay it on thick."

"Just give her what she wants okay?" Dr. Monroe whispered into the young man's ear. "I promise I won't hurt you."

Mr. Villon seemed to relax a little bit as she said this, but his main attention was focused on my cousin's glistening feet, now fully prepared to take on their masturbatory duty.

Doctor Monroe dipped her fingers into the jar of Vaseline and drew out a substantial amount of the lubricant, which she then began to apply to the still flaccid shaft of Mr. Villon. As soon as he felt her gloved hands upon his penis he moaned softly, watching her expertly rub the greasy solution all over his penis and balls. She appeared to take pleasure in her work, manipulating his cock in a slow, sensuous way, hopeful that her careful handling of him would prove efficacious in the production of the sperm sample.

"Do you jerk off a lot?" Angelique asked the patient.

"Yes, yes...," he groaned, as Dr. Monroe's right hand glided effortlessly up and down his now well-greased pole.

"How many times a day do you do it?"

"Uh...once...sometimes twice a day," he replied.

"Is that normal?"

"I...I don't know. I guess so."

It was fascinating to watch the doctor at work. Her method of masturbating Mr. Villon was to employ long, carefully timed strokes that began from the base of his shaft and terminated just under the corona. Her hand was clenched tightly around the width of him, the tips of her gloved fingers teasing the sensitive area under the glans as they maintained a steady, clockwork motion along the entire length. As Angelique continued to question him, the doctor kept up her unrelenting pace upon his penis, never once relinquishing her firm grip on him.

"I guess with a dork that size you must shoot a lot of cum," my cousin laughed.

"That would be my guess too, Angelique," said Estelle from across the room.

Some of the women in the audience let out feeble laughs, but I noticed that my aunt and Lenore, like most of the other women, remained quiet, absorbed as they were in the skillful masturbation of the patient by Dr. Monroe.

For his part, Mr. Villon was beginning to be overcome by the first powerful sensations of the expert milking he was receiving. As the doctor's ministrations became more intense, and Angelique's lewd questioning continued, he began to gently thrust his hips outward to drive his penis in and out of the ever increasing up and down motions of the doctor's hand. And then something wonderful began to happen: his cock began to expand.

I don't think I, nor anyone else, expected to witness a further increase in the growth of Mr. Villon's shaft, much less the amazing elevation of the hefty tube of muscle perpendicular to the floor. But rise and grow it did, to the utter fascination of the audience, and to Dr. Monroe, nurse Alicia, and the two assistants. Angelique, for her part, seemed nonplussed by the doctor's impressive achievement, but I could tell that she would not let the stately redhead enjoy her victory for too long.

Without a word to the doctor, Angelique raised her greasy foot so that her toes just touched the underside of the now fully erect prick. Dr. Monroe quickly withdrew her hand and removed her gloves, looking relieved that she had managed to accomplish a seemingly unlikely feat. It appeared that Mr. Villon was just as surprised as everyone to see the fleshy drawbridge jutting out before him, as much a testament to the doctor's hand skills as his own desire to conquer his rampant inhibitions. I don't think he really expected his penis to react so unexpectedly submissive to the doctor's masterful touch, but there it was—the results of which could not be denied. The massive cock was now at its full length and girth, and like some giant, awe-inspiring behemoth, it demanded to be noticed.

"Nurse Alicia," Angelique said turning to the astonished blonde girl, "do you have a ruler handy?"

"I have one right here," the nurse said, removing a fold-up tape measure from the pocket of her uniform.

"Measure his penis, please."

Angelique briefly removed her foot to allow the girl to take the measurement. Everyone was quiet as Alicia ran the tape from the base of his penis all the way to its tip. The nurse blinked once, then twice, then whistled loudly.

"He's grown two full inches!" she announced excitedly to the audience as she raised the tape in front of her for all to see. "He's now exactly sixteen and three-eighths inches long!"

The entire audience clapped and cheered at this news, and some of the women rushed forward to take a closer look at the marvelous appendage.

"I think that's the biggest one on record, is it not, doctor?" Lenore shouted from across the room.

Dr. Monroe took a few steps back to admire the pulsating slab of flesh she had so expertly coaxed to its full, majestic length and laughed heartily.

"It breaks any record I know of!" she replied. "I'm really at a loss for words!"

"Excellent work, doctor," my aunt chimed in. "Go ahead, Angelique, finish him off!"

Prompted by the cheers of encouragement from the crowd, and her own desire to make the timid Mr. Villon submit to her will, Angelique once again raised her right leg and let her toes make contact with the young man's absurdly outsized organ. She toyed with it for a while, letting her big toe tickle the thin strip of sensitive flesh just under the glans, watching his dumbfounded reactions with glee.

As I watched her tease and play with his cock, I was reminded of the way she had tormented Delvin the year before when he, too, had fallen in lust with her lovely, long legs and beautifully sculptured feet. But this reticent and shy creature, who had previously displayed an uncommon stubbornness in refusing to submit to Dr. Monroe's orders, now became for her a challenge that had to be met head on: a conquering of a foe by the means of a debasing foot job; her victory over him made even more humiliating when the last sperm-producing strokes of her toes—with their lascivious light pink nail polish—would eke out from him the last of his dignity before a roomful of laughing and jeering women; and the instrument both of his pleasure and debasement, dripping with his hot, white spunk and offered to Angelique as a libation, would be poured out in creamy strands of gooey surrender for all to see.

The patient stood quietly, allowing himself to enjoy the pleasurable sensations of my cousin's unrelenting foot job. Dr. Monroe and the other three women kept him steady and balanced as Angelique's tiny, perfectly shaped toes gripped the loose skin under his prick and gave him several quick tugs that made Mr. Villon moan aloud.

"You like that, don't you, you pervert!" Angelique said with disdain, as she placed the top of her foot under his prick and lifted it up, exposing the twin orange-sized balls underneath.

"Look everyone!" my cousin shouted to the audience. "What do you think of this?"

It seemed that, along with the increase in the size of his penis, Mr. Villon's testicles had also experienced a growth spurt. The dual orbs of flesh sat tightly in his firm sac, hugging the base of his monstrous tool; my cousin's energetic foot job attempting to provoke an intense release of his pent-up seminal fluids.

"My God!" a Sister I recognized as Selena Montaldo exclaimed. "I have never seen a man's balls that big!"

"He certainly has the bat to go with it!" my aunt observed with a laugh.

Nurse Alicia could not suppress her excitement as she bent forward to see the ripe fruit hanging between Mr. Villon's legs. "They look like they're about to burst. When was the last time you ejaculated anyway?"

"It's...it's been about...a week I think," the young man said between breaths.

Angelique let her foot drop and resumed her assault on the underside of his shaft.

"A week?" she said mockingly. "Christ! Please don't tell me you're going to miss the beaker and shoot your cream way up my legs. I'll kill you if your ruin these shorts!"

Everyone in the audience laughed, but Mr. Villon looked terrified.

"I'll try not...to...mademoiselle!"

"Oh come on, Angelique!" Estelle joked. "It's better than having that thing inside you when it shoots off. It would be coming out of your ears!"

Again, everyone screamed with laughter, but Mr. Villon kept a straight face as he kept his eyes glued to the awesome foot job she was giving him.

Several more minutes went by in which it appeared that the patient was going to ejaculate at any time, but for some reason he would exhale loudly just as I though he was about to cum, and then an exasperated Angelique would resume her foot work more ardently than before, hoping to force him to ejaculate before her feet became too tired to finish the job. Nurse Alicia, too, was growing impatient as she held the large beaker in close proximity to his penis, hoping to catch the semen that refused to spurt out, and then withdrawing it again when it appeared his orgasm was not forthcoming.

Another five minutes elapsed and Angelique was still unable to get him to produce a sperm sample. By now my cousin was visibly upset, once again coating both her foot and the patient's cock with extra Vaseline to make her job easier. She insulted him frequently, using words like "pathetic," "worthless," "freak," and other denigrating terms that she believed a submissive man like Mr. Villon would find irresistible in heightening his sexual pleasure, but the patient was simply not responding.

I had seen Angelique work her foot magic on Delvin, and he had reacted like most any other man with a foot fetish would have reacted—with utter devotion to her feet and an irrepressible desire to bathe them in hot sperm. It was inconceivable to her that this "pathetic" slave of the Sisterhood should be immune from this apparently immutable law. Yet, Mr. Villon was somehow able to withstand her spectacular efforts, even when she resorted to using both of her soles to caress his cock from above and below, like a giant tube steak caught between two slices of buttered bread. It must have been disconcerting to my cousin to come to terms with the fact that there was at least one man in the world who would not bend to her will.

"I think you scared him when you told him not to come on your shorts, Angelique," one of the women sitting near my cousin remarked. "Better keep that jar ready!"

"The son of a bitch doesn't want to cum," Angelique responded with a grunt, as she dug the toes of one foot into his scrotum while running her other foot up and down the patient's cock at a furious pace.

It seemed that the harder she tried to provoke Mr. Villon to ejaculate, the more he resisted. I watched as his exhalations became more frequent, and the ever-apparent hint of apprehension that played across his features became, finally, a determined reluctance to submit to the cocky girl's demands. At last the erect penis began to slowly descend toward the horizontal, much to my cousin's, and everyone else's, deep dismay. Mr. Villon was panting loudly, as though he had indeed just had an orgasm, but his sperm was nowhere to be found. My cousin, her patience gone and quite angry that he had so valiantly braved her fevered onslaught and won, drew one of her legs inward and then quickly outward, intending to force her heel into his scrotum. But the patient swerved to the right in order to avoid the blow and her foot caught him in the abdomen, knocking the wind out of him and sending the shocked man, Dr. Monroe, and the two brunette assistants hurtling to the floor.

"How dare you make a fool of me you miserable, cock-sucking bastard?" Angelique screamed at the terrified patient. "You fucking wimp! I'll cut that god damn thing right off your body!"

She jumped out of her chair and ran toward the fallen man with the apparent intention of doing him further harm, but the Vaseline on her feet forced her to lose her balance and she shot right past him and skidded across the platform, falling headfirst into a row of chairs.

My aunt Phoebe was the first to run to my cousin's aid, followed by Lenore and several other women, including myself. The entire room was in an uproar and it was not until my aunt had announced that Angelique had not been harmed that everyone resumed their seats and order was restored. As for Mr. Villon, he was helped to his feet by nurse Alicia and the startled doctor, who with her two assistants, then placed the stricken man in a chair and covered him with his robe.

Angelique was seething. Her outrage at having been outmaneuvered by a man was more than her feminine arrogance could withstand. Even as she was guided past Mr. Villon, she again tried to kick him, but was restrained by her mother and Lenore, who both were quite distraught at her total lack of self-control.

"Sit up front with us," my aunt said to my cousin as she examined her daughter for bruises. "Your actions are totally unbecoming for a Sister. I'm ashamed of you."

"He's the one who's supposed to be punished, not me!" my cousin countered.

"You didn't have to hit him. It wasn't necessary."

"It was necessary!" she exclaimed. "He was defying me!"

I gazed into Angelique's eyes as she was ushered by, and in them I saw a look of infinite contempt. She had been made to look like a fool—and by a man, no less. But not just any man: a "worthless," "pathetic" creature who was as far below her on the evolutionary scale as a Neanderthal to a Goddess.

End of Chapter 4

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 05
byfmcchris©

At this point, the woman whom Angelique had pointed out to me earlier as being the distant cousin of my uncle Pierre stood up and addressed the angry girl.

"Did it ever occur to you, young woman," said Charlotte, "that Mr. Villon's inhibitions might prevent him from succumbing to your will?"

This question, hurled at my cousin from out of nowhere, and from a woman whom Angelique regarded as beneath contempt, left her momentarily speechless. I thought my aunt was going to reply, but it was Lenore who spoke first.

"What is your point, Charlotte?" she asked.

"If this man was unable to produce a sperm sample for the doctor, what makes any of you think he would produce one in front of all these women? It is obvious that his shyness is greater than his need to ejaculate."

Before Lenore had a chance to respond, Angelique turned to Charlotte with a hateful stare.

"He's not shy!" my cousin rasped. "He's just a fucking asshole who needs to have his balls kicked down his throat! But none of you here seems to understand that!"

"Shut up, Angelique!" my aunt said. "Go and sit down!"

"I'm going to make that bastard pay! You'll see. I can conquer any man!"

"I've no doubt you can conquer anything," Charlotte said with a wan smile, "except your own arrogance."

Before my cousin could retort, my aunt pushed her forward in the direction of the door. It was an ugly display of impropriety gone awry, and my cousin, the usually resolute and impervious master at arms, was found to be lacking. I almost felt sad for her as she was forced to sit between her mother and Lenore, looking like a defeated warrior who now had to settle for terms that her pride would never allow her to accept.

Mr. Villon was sitting quietly by himself while Dr. Monroe, nurse Alicia, and the two assistants conversed amongst themselves. He looked sad sitting there all alone, his failure to produce the much needed sperm sample, and the unanticipated attack upon him, reflected in the look of dejection upon his face.

Lenore had called for a short intercession in which she and my aunt took Angelique into an adjoining room. I never found out what transpired during their conversation, but when my cousin came out again she looked as defiant as ever, refusing to acknowledge her defeat as anything more than an apparently successful attempt at subterfuge perpetrated by the duplicitous patient, focusing all her contempt into a singular, hateful glance that she now cast upon him and the rest of the room.

I saw Charlotte look toward Angelique a few times and then turn to her associates and murmur something to them, causing them all to laugh. I know my cousin was aware of this little game Ms. Anjou was playing, but she would not allow her pride to be sacrificed any further by the antics of someone whom she despised. Like a lioness who, after a kill, enjoys the feast while the vultures are kept at bay, so she regarded Charlotte and her entourage: aware of their presence, but totally contemptuous of their race.

At one point I made eye contact with the beautiful woman, but instead of seeing any hint of dislike in her face, her expression softened as she looked at me, and ultimately a gentle smile spread across her face, a smile that made me think of her ancestor Yvette, my erstwhile guide and mentor. I thought it only polite to smile back, and I did so, much to her delight. And the more I watched her, the more I felt that somehow Angelique must be wrong in her estimation of this woman, who now, once again, was the center of attention amongst her small group of friends—laughing, joking, and enjoying their company as much as she was enjoying theirs. I knew that at some point I would have to introduce myself to her, but now was not the time. I had been purposely segregated from the rest of the Sisters so that I might partake in this little test of theirs, which so far had resulted in one casualty, and which I hoped would not result in another.

Seeing my aunt, Lenore, and their colleagues still conversing, I took it upon myself to approach the diffident Mr. Villon and introduce myself. Halfway on my journey toward him, he lifted his head up and stared at me intently, sitting up straight in his chair and adjusting his robe so that he would appear more presentable. Dr. Monroe and Alicia smiled curiously at me as I took a seat beside the wary patient, as if trying to figure out why I had chosen to strike up a conversation with him. For his part, Mr. Villon remained quiet, even after I had greeted him.

It had occurred to me from the beginning of this test, or so-called "punishment," that his shyness would have to be conquered if any positive results were to be expected. It seemed that no one had taken the time to actually question the patient as to the cause of his inhibition, and employing verbal and physical intimidation, as Angelique had done, not only proved ineffective, but had also revealed a severe lack of judgment on her part. I was not about to succumb to a similar fate. I quickly surmised that I would have to get at the root of his problem if I were to pass this test and obtain the coveted sperm sample. And the only way to do that was to get inside his head.

"Did my cousin hurt you?" I asked him.

"No," he replied softly.

"She doesn't like it when things don't go her way."

"That's no reason to get angry," he said meeting my gaze. "I am no stranger to bad luck myself, but that's no excuse to hurt other people."

"I agree. But you humiliated her. She'll find a way to get back at you for that."

"She can try," he said, his voice thick with scorn.

"You're really not a submissive man, are you?"

Mr. Villon looked at me as one would look at a clairvoyant who had just revealed to him the secrets of the universe.

"You are very perceptive, mademoiselle...."
"My name is Holly McKenzie."

"It is a pleasure to meet you," he said, graciously.

"And you don't like to be pushed around either."

"True again."

"So why are you here?"

"It's simple, really," he replied. "I love women and I enjoy pleasing them."

"Any submissive would say that," I said of his feeble attempt at disingenuousness. "Tell me the truth."

He paused a moment before replying, aware, as I was, that Dr. Monroe and nurse Alicia had moved closer to us in order to hear what we were saying.

"You're not very subtle, doctor," the patient said to the intruding physician. "You can hear what I have to say. I have nothing to hide."

"I'm sorry, Mr. Villon," Dr. Monroe replied. "I'm not trying to be rude. But I would like to help you if you will let me."

Mr. Villon smiled broadly at the beautiful woman and invited her and nurse Alicia to join us.

"Please go ahead with your line of questioning, Holly," Dr. Monroe said with a cheery smile. "Oftentimes, we doctors get too clinical and fail to really understand a patient on a personal level. And I think we have failed miserably in your case, Mr. Villon. And for that I am truly sorry."

She said these words with such heartfelt sympathy that Mr. Villon's face suddenly brightened up.

"Thank you," he replied. "That means a lot to me."

Doctor Monroe placed one of her hands over his and smiled. And as she continued to let her hand linger over his, I wondered why I had previously regarded this woman with such disdain. Surely, my cousin's influence over me had something to do with it, but this was not the "jealous bitch" she had described—far from it. She was a warm and compassionate human being, whose only desire was to be of help to someone in pain.

"Do you mind if I continue?" I asked him.

"Go ahead," he replied with a newfound sense of enthusiasm. "Ask me anything."

I first asked him to give me a truthful answer to my previous question.

"I am not lying when I tell you that I love women and I love pleasing them," he began. "But I also wanted to get into Ms. Anjou's scholarship program. And one of the ways to do that is to be of service to the Sisterhood. That's why I took the oath of servitude."

"But when you took that oath," Dr. Monroe cut in, "it was explained to you that you would have to be naked in front of clothed women and sometimes 'perform' for them on command. Knowing that you are shy, didn't you realize that this would be a problem for you?"

Mr. Villon thought for a moment. "It's only a problem for me when I'm around strange women," he answered. "Once I get to know someone, the shyness is gone."

"And then you would be able to ejaculate?"

"Yes."

"That's weird," I said. "Most men would give anything to stand up in front of a huge crowd of strange women and masturbate for them. You're just the opposite."

He laughed. "Oh, what I would not give to be able to do that! But alas, my inhibitions..."

"Your inhibitions can be conquered," I assured him. "People do it all the time."

"The Sisterhood won't allow him to go around making friends with everyone just so he can provide them with a sperm sample," nurse Alicia remarked.

"There may be another way," I said. "Do you feel relaxed now, François? I mean, now that you have had a chance to talk with us and know us a little better?"

I think he felt grateful that I had addressed him by his first name, encouraging familiarity between us.

"Yes. I do feel relaxed around you," he replied. "I even feel relaxed around the doctor's assistants too," he added, with a nod in their direction.

"And you don't feel anxious or nervous or anything like that?"

"Absolument pas!" he said, resorting to his native tongue. "I feel comfortable with all of you."

At that moment I heard Lenore call out my name in a loud voice, as if she had already called it out several times before and was growing angry at not getting a response.

"If you don't answer me this time..."

Several women in the audience began laughing.

"I'm sorry Sister Lenore," I said quickly. "I'm here."

"I can see that," she replied. "But you're not listening to me."

"I'm listening now."

She ordered me to return to my seat, but said nothing about the fact that I had been conversing with Mr. Villon, for which I was grateful. After she got the audience to quiet down a little, she once again began to talk with my aunt, who now seemed preoccupied and uninterested in what the Sisterhood leader had to say now that Angelique had succeeded in quashing any hopes she held of her daughter's rise to prominence based upon her recent failure with Mr. Villon. My aunt respectfully nodded her head and looked dutifully attentive, but I could tell that her heart was not in it. Now and then she would turn to look at her daughter, who was now casually looking over some papers that Justine had handed to her, and I could read the disappointment in her eyes. I think Lenore eventually realized that further conversation with my disinterested aunt was pointless and stood up to make an announcement.

"Doctor Monroe," she began. "Is the patient able to continue?"

"Yes, Sister Lenore," the doctor replied.

"Then move him back onto the platform and let's get this over with. I'm sure our Sisters have better things to do than spend an entire afternoon waiting to see if this man will ejaculate or not. Get him up there!"

As Dr. Monroe and nurse Alicia accompanied Mr. Villon onto the platform, Lenore turned to me.

"I am now placing the responsibility for obtaining this man's sperm in your hands, Holly," she said, issuing the edict with all the comportment of an empress seated upon her throne. "If you fail, he will be sent to the lower levels to await further punishment. I'm sure both you and he would not want that."

"No, Sister Lenore," I replied. "Not if I can help it."

"Very well. You have my authority to use whatever means necessary to obtain the sperm sample. You may proceed."

Lenore resumed her seat and the entire room fell silent, all eyes now focused upon me. I knew that I would only have one chance to prove my theory before being summarily ridiculed and dismissed, and I could only guess at what further unknown punishment would await Mr. Villon should I fail. I wished I had had more time to talk with him, to get to know him a little better, to understand the depth of his psychosis. As it was, I would have to rely upon my own innate sense of judgment to present my case to the Sisterhood, and hope that these intelligent and insightful women would be open-minded enough to allow me the latitude to circumvent some of their rules for the sake of getting at the truth.

I saw Angelique glaring at Mr. Villon from across the room; her intense stare cutting through the air like a knife. And if that knife could have carved a hole in the young man's chest and removed the heart, it would have, leaving a gaping wound into which the ridiculed girl could pour all the shame, insult, and fury she now felt at being made to look a fool.

My aunt was looking only slightly more dismal than my cousin, painfully aware that her latest bid to increase her daughter's prestige in the eyes of Lenore had now become a lost cause. Several times she tried to consult with her daughter, but Angelique would have nothing to do with it. My cousin remained steadfast in her hatred of Mr. Villon to the exclusion of all else. And now, as I rose to address the crowd of expectant women, Angelique's menacing stare rested upon me, as if defying me to rise to the challenge of Mr. Villon's preservation, warning me that serious repercussions would follow in the wake of my possible success.

"François," I said, addressing the naked man. "Please put your robe back on."

The fact that I had called the young man by his first name caused some of the women to mutter under their breath, the import of their whisperings decidedly negative. Lenore looked like she was going to say something to me, but quickly decided against it, even when my aunt and Angelique looked as if they were going to protest my decision to address Mr. Villon on familiar terms.

As the young man tied his robe about him, I asked that the conference table be removed to another room, which Lenore reluctantly ordered to be done. Several Sisters were employed in this endeavor while I subsequently had Dr. Monroe, nurse Alicia, and the two assistants accompany Mr. Villon to a chair in the middle of the room, which I then instructed him to sit in. I watched the patient closely, looking for any signs of fear or mistrust, but he simply looked at me and smiled timidly, happy to no longer be standing naked on the platform. I then asked the women to pull up their chairs in a circle, effectively surrounding him on all sides. I, Dr. Monroe, nurse Alicia, and the two assistants took up seats immediately next to him, constantly offering words of assurance to minimize his anxiety.

"Can we make it darker in here?" I asked Lenore.

With a nod to Justine, the overhead lights were extinguished with a light tap of the assistant's finger on a nearby wall panel. The harsh glare of the fluorescent lights was now reduced so that the room's illumination was cut by about one half. We now sat directly between the borders of light and darkness, our bodies casting long shadows across the floor and walls, lending the room a somewhat more eerie but softer atmosphere. With a smile to Mr. Villon, I began.

"All of you know François," I said, feeling my cousin's eyes upon me. "Now I would like him to get to know all of you."

One stern-looking, rotund, old woman sneered. "That is ridiculous! Are we to start addressing our servants by their first names?"

Several other women also voiced their objections to my request, but before I could offer my rebuttal, Lenore broke in.

"Please, all of you, be quiet," the Sisterhood leader commanded them. "I promised Holly that she could use any means to obtain this patient's sperm sample and I expect all of you to comply with her directions."

"But she asks us to ignore our own rules of conduct," one old woman complained. "I refuse to acknowledge any familiarity with this man."

"He is just some stupid slave," said another woman with a slight slur in her speech. "A god-damned non-entity as far as I'm concerned."

Lenore shook her head in dismay. "One of you is just plain foolish," she said looking at the old woman, "and the other has had too much to drink. Unless either of you can come up with a way to procure the patient's sperm sample, I advise you to keep your mouths shut and follow the young lady's direction."

The two women looked dumbly at one another but offered no further resistance. I now turned my attention to Mr. Villon.

"I am going to invite the women to introduce themselves to you and I want you to feel free to answer any questions they may have. Can you do that?"

"Yes... mademoiselle."

"Holly, please. Call me Holly."

"Okay, Holly."

I looked around the room searching for some friendly faces and was surprised to find that one of them belonged to one of Charlotte's odd group of devotees.

"Yes, you," I said pointing to the woman. "Please introduce yourself to François and ask him any questions you like. Please use first names only."

She was a pretty girl of about 25, dressed in a striking blue blazer and matching skirt that firmly embraced her supple, hourglass figure.

"My name is Adriana," she began, "and I want to know if you were born with that penis of yours or if you did anything to make it so big."

Many of the women chuckled at her question and even François himself could not suppress a smile.

"I suppose constantly tugging on it when I was a child may have helped, but otherwise it's simple genetics."

This provoked even further laughter from the crowd.

"I'm glad to see you have a sense of humor," Adriana said. "So, this tendency toward gigantism runs in your family?"

"Yes, mademoiselle," he replied. "My father and my two brothers all have...how do you say it...big dicks."

His emphasis on the last two words threw the audience into fits of laughter. Adriana tried hard to keep a straight face amidst all the merriment but it was useless.

"As big as...yours?" she blurted out.

"At least," François replied with a huge grin.

"Well," she said coyly, "I hope you'll have the good sense to introduce me to them!"

The crowd was once again in an uproar. Despite their gloomy expressions, both my aunt Phoebe and Angelique could not help but laugh at Adriana's suggestive quip. Angelique tried to seem unaffected by the lewd questioning by covering the bottom part of her face with her hands, but I could tell she was laughing along with the rest of us, enjoying the lewd repartee in spite of her suppressed hostility toward the timid, young man. I, myself, was pleased to see the effect humor was having not only on the crowd, but also upon François himself. He looked around the room several times, gauging the women's responses to his answers and looking immensely pleased with the results. The laughter seemed to act as a restorative, helping to assuage his shyness while putting the women in a more relaxed and tolerant mood.

Several more women, including Felicia Antonetti, who delivered one of the most impassioned speeches about humane treatment of those who served the Sisterhood, engaged François in mostly friendly, and often wanton, conversation, and he responded to all this attention with a most compliant attitude, which appeared to please the Sisters greatly. Quite a few women had a chance to question him about his sexual habits, and especially about the remarkable organ that lay hidden just underneath the flimsy bit of fabric that comprised his robe. At one point he recalled an incident that had occurred when he first discovered masturbation, and the entire room was filled with laughter. The inquisition continued for about twenty minutes and would have continued if the Sisterhood leader had not intervened.

"I have a question," Lenore said to François as the laughter in the room slowly died down.

"Yes, madame?" he replied, his exuberance fading somewhat at the cool intonation of her voice.

She took a long look at him, as if seeing him for the first time, and I think it was the first time that she actually began to see him as more of a person than simply as an object of disdain. She took a deep breath and exhaled, letting her eyes gaze around the room before finally settling upon the handsome patient.

"What I want to know is...is there any correlation between the size of man's penis and the amount of semen he ejaculates? I have seen men of average size shoot enormous amounts of sperm, while larger men often shoot less. What is your observation?"

François seemed pleased that the imposing Sisterhood leader was now treating him with a semblance of courtesy she had previously denied him. I knew that she was desirous as me to get the young man to deliver the long-awaited sperm sample, and even if such courtesy, extended as it was to an inferior, was only a well-disguised pretence, it served its purpose.

"I can't speak for other men," the patient began, "but in my case, madame, I usually shoot enough sperm to fill a cup."

The women groaned at this seemingly impossible statistic.

"A full cup?" Lenore asked, not fully accepting his claim either.

"Yes, madame. I don't stop ejaculating until I fill it up to the top. Voila!"

There was a great amount of discussion that ensued among the women upon hearing this admission, and although most of them refused to believe that any man could perform such a feat, there were some, like Charlotte Anjou, who seemed to believe that it was possible.

"Sister Lenore," she began. "On my visit to India several years ago, my friends and I went to visit a village where the local holy man performed a religious rite where he would masturbate himself in front of a crowd of women—all virgins—who would collect his sperm in a large bowl and bathe themselves in it to preserve their youthful appearance. His cock was just as big as the one hanging between this young man's legs."

Lenore didn't seem fully convinced. "Well, Dr. Monroe," she said, turning to the physician. "I'm glad you decided to use the larger beaker."

Some of the women laughed.

"If you don't mind," Lenore said to Charlotte, "I'd like to reserve judgment on this until I see it for myself."

Greta Hofsteddar, a woman whom I recognized from her earlier appearance at my aunt's home in San Diego, suddenly spoke up.

"But you have seen it before," she said to Lenore. "Don't you remember a few years ago when we had my husband perform for my birthday? His prick is almost as big as this man's, and he filled up an entire cereal bowl full of cum."

Lenore thought for a moment, then her face suddenly lit up.

"Oh, yes!" she answered. "I do remember now that you mention it. Corn flakes wasn't it? And he filled up the bowl even though most of his sperm landed on you and me!"

The two women enjoyed a long and hearty laugh.

"He gave me a cream rinse!" Greta joked as she ran her hands through her long, blonde hair.

"I remember that too!" Lenore chuckled. "It was a most impressive cum shot."

It was nice to see Lenore so at ease and happy after all that had transpired earlier. The lewd and lively banter seemed to put everyone in a good mood. Even my aunt was slowly beginning to abandon her melancholy attitude.

"And speaking of cum," she said. "I hope we are going to see some soon. Do you hear me, uh, François?"

"Yes, madame," the young man replied, looking hopeful that his newfound acceptance with these women would provide his mistress with the coveted sample.

I felt that the mood in the room had now reached a point where I could now institute my final plan in order to get François to ejaculate. I was taking a big risk— depending on these women to support me in my endeavor when their normal reaction would be to ridicule the inferior male. But these women also wanted to see me succeed. Or at least some of them did. Certainly Lenore herself, who had chosen me as her successor, and the patrician-looking Charlotte, who had previously put Angelique in her place while displaying nothing but congeniality toward me. There were others, too, who desired a successful conclusion to this drawn-out "punishment": some wanted it to end solely because they had other engagements looming, and others who wanted to see if the young man's claims of ejaculatory prowess were indeed true.

All during the session I noticed that François would sneak a peek at me every so often, as if admiring me from afar. Even when we got a chance to speak, his voice was always gentle and musical, and more than once I watched as he struggled to overcome his timidity and dare to look directly into my eyes. In that moment I knew that we had established some emotional connection. And I was now going to use this advantage to the fullest. He was mine for the molding.

"François," I said. "Do you feel a little more comfortable now that you have had a chance to talk with these wonderful ladies?"

"Indeed, mademoiselle...I mean, Holly. Much more comfortable."

"Good," I replied. "I would like to ask you some more questions if you don't mind."

"Not at all."

His equanimity throughout the entire question and answer period impressed me greatly. Although his shyness was still apparent to some degree, he seemed much more relaxed and cooperative now that he felt that his manhood was not being compromised. The women no longer appeared to him to represent a threat. Not like the rapacious Angelique, whose unforgiving method of sperm extraction could do nothing but achieve an even further retreat from his willingness to comply with the insensate demands of an indestructible will. I had seen the major flaw in my cousin's approach, but she, supremely convinced of her own infallibility, was blind to her own harsh, unfeeling treatment of the man, attempting to force out of him by her own will the seed of his lust, rather than coax it out by degrees tempered by patience and gentleness.

I pulled my chair out so that I was sitting facing directly in front of him. He looked at me curiously but did not seem in the least bit intimidated.

"Dr. Monroe," I said, addressing the doctor first. "Would you and your assistants kindly remove your lab coats please?"

She looked at me inquisitively, expecting further explanation. But when it wasn't forthcoming, she simply shrugged and removed her coat, instructing the two brunettes to do the same. I then asked nurse Alicia to remove her nurse's hat and frock, which she quickly did. François seemed pleased to see these four attractive women in normal business attire and, as I had surmised, the removal of their medical uniforms helped him to relax even more. In his case, the cold and clinical procedures previously carried out by Dr. Monroe and her staff most likely had an adverse affect upon the way he had responded to treatment, resulting in the botched exam. It was not uncommon for a person's blood pressure and heart rate to increase when in the presence of a physician, and this, coupled with his innate shyness, certainly would have hampered his attempt to produce the sperm sample. I just couldn't afford to leave anything to chance. I then instructed one of Dr. Monroe's assistants to remove the uniforms and place them in the exam room. The beaker, another item that could possibly contribute to his anxiety, was kept hidden behind Dr. Monroe's chair, out of the patient's sight. I was now ready to begin.

"Well François," I began. "You appear to be more calm now. More relaxed."

"Oh, yes," he smiled. "You and these lovely women...these Sisters...have made me feel much better. Thank you."

"I'm very happy to hear that. Now, I am going to ask you some very intimate questions and I want you to answer me honestly. Will you do that for me?"

The handsome boy gave me a very warm smile and looked at me as if I were the only woman in the room.

"I will be most happy to," he replied.

His face, his mannerisms, and his lilting voice all indicated that he had developed a crush on me. It seemed incongruous, given the circumstances, that a man as timorous as he could allow himself to experience such feelings of attraction. But it was apparent to me, and probably everyone else, that François felt a special attachment to me. I, myself, could not deny that I was immune to his good looks or boyish charm. But I had a job to do, and I could not allow myself to be influenced by whatever vague stirrings of passion he may have felt toward me, not when it might interfere with my duty to the Sisterhood.

"I would like you to tell us the most sexiest thing that ever happened to you," I said to him.

His eyes lit up for a moment. "Well," he began, "there is really not much to tell...except for that one time..."

"Yes, that one time... go ahead."

"I...uh..." he muttered aloud, seeming reluctant to continue.

"You can tell me," I said moving a little closer to him. "Please."

I could tell that he was a little reticent to reveal whatever secrets he possessed, but after a few more encouraging words from me and some of the women, he finally confessed.

"It is a very decadent story," he said, looking down at his hands. "I am almost ashamed to tell it."

"There's no need to feel ashamed. No one here is going to judge you."

As I said this I looked at Lenore, who gave me a reassuring smile. Even though he seemed to be willing to open up to me and the group, I had to prompt him several more times in order to get him to relate his tale. Thankfully, I found an unexpected source of help in Charlotte.

"I love lewd stories," she said to François. "Please share it with us."

"Yes, please, François," Janet Walsh said, showcasing her spectacular legs so that he could get a good view. "All of us here enjoy hearing sexy stories. Tell us."

Several other women, including Lenore herself, implored him to convey his prurient tale to us, and being that his own natural tendency was to please a woman, he finally let go of whatever inhibitions he had left and began his story.

"It happened on my eighteenth birthday," he began. "My stepsister Gabrielle, who is two years older than me, had three of her girlfriends from college come to stay for the weekend at our house in Paris. Our parents were away visiting in America and had left the house in her care. Well, one day I was surfing the Internet looking for pornography and I saw a picture of a beautiful, naked woman and I started to masturbate..."

"I've caught my husband doing that more than once!" one women commented suddenly.

"Please!" Lenore said to the woman. "Don't interrupt!"

The woman, an attractive, middle-aged blonde, responded with a frown while several other women looked at her askance.

"Please go on, François," I said.

"Well," he continued, "I had not heard my stepsister come home because my door was closed, or at least I thought it was..."

"Don't tell me she caught you!"

"She and her three friends! The door was not completely closed, and somehow when they opened the door downstairs to come in, the wind opened my bedroom door a little too. I was too busy to notice."

"With a prick that size I'd say you were pretty busy too!" my aunt jokingly observed.

He laughed. "I guess you are right, madame. All my blood went from my head to the little head down there."

"Not so little," she reminded him.

"No, not so little," he said. "But I was at that point almost ready to cum. And what man can think clearly at such a moment?"

"No man I ever met," Justine quipped.

"What happened then?" I asked him.

"All of a sudden I hear this screaming laughter and then the door goes flying open. The four girls come waltzing into my room to get a better look at what I'm doing and there I am with my pants and underwear down to my ankles with a picture of a naked woman on my computer screen. It was embarrassing but very exciting at the same time. Does that sound strange to you?"

"No, not really," I replied. "Maybe you wanted them to catch you."

He thought about that for a moment. "Perhaps."

"Please go on."

"Well, of course, I try to pick up my pants but it's too late. They see me with my big dick sticking out a mile long and my stepsister's three friends go into fits of laughter, but Gabrielle acts very nonchalant. She tells the other girls that she has seen me masturbate many times before and I look at her like she's crazy. 'Oh, François,' she says, 'your door does not lock properly. I have watched you stroke that monster many times!' And then she laughs and all the others laugh too, but my erection does not want to go away."

"But you are usually so shy," I said, feeling closer to understanding his fetish. "Most guys would lose their erection under such circumstances. Why do you think you stayed hard?"

"I don't know," he confessed. "But I think it may be that I enjoyed having all these clothed women around me, paying close attention to my penis."

"It's hard not to notice it," I smiled. "And of course you were at home, and it was your stepsister after all...so you must have not felt threatened."

"Yes!" he exclaimed. "I was completely unafraid because I was around people I knew. But I was extremely horny at the same time. My heart was beating very fast, but I did not try to cover myself at all. I just stood there like a grinning idiot, enjoying them enjoying me."

I snuck a glance at Lenore, who seemed pleased at the results of my inquiry. I don't think she, or any of the other Sisters, expected François to be so forthcoming. But his detailed description of his past sexual encounter with four women provided a most intriguing story, and even those Sisters who had professed to have other engagements now decided to stay and await the outcome of his lurid tale.

Angelique watched the events transpire with the eye of an eagle. Her anger had subsided somewhat, but I could still sense a hint of vengeance in the perpetual frown she now wore exclusively for all to see. My aunt appeared to be sorely disappointed with her daughter's negative attitude, but she had the good grace to accept Angelique's failure and move beyond it to champion my own efforts, seeing that the good of the Sisterhood was more important than catering to the bruised ego of a vindictive young girl. It must have been extremely hard for her to have witnessed her daughter's dissolution at the hands of the very same man I was now manipulating with the gentle and deferent skill of a competent psychologist: a skill set that my cousin, in her arrogance, would never have thought to employ.

"So," I said to François. "You were standing there half naked with your penis...your big dick (I said the word "dick" because I had noticed earlier that he used the term himself and that he seemed pleased by it) hanging out for all the girls to see. What did you do then?"

"It was not so much what I did," he replied. "It is more what they did to me."

"Oh, really?" I said. "And what was that?"

It was very quiet in the room at this point, and everyone, including myself, seemed intent on not missing a word of his explanation.

"They...ordered me to continue what I was doing before they came in."

"You mean masturbate?"

"Yes."

"While they watched you?"

He looked sheepishly around the room and seemed embarrassed when some of the women began to giggle.

"I could not believe they would ask me to do such a thing in front of them, but Gabrielle and the other three forced me down onto the chair and told me to jerk off to the image of the nude woman on my computer screen. I was so excited and ashamed at the same time but I could not help myself."

"Most men find masturbation to be a very private act," my aunt broke in. "But we teach them that once they have decided to devote their lives to serving the Sisterhood, we are the ones who control their bodies. You know this, don't you François?"

I don't think he appreciated having his tale interrupted by being reminded of his servile role, but there did not seem to be any hint of resentfulness in his reply.

"Yes, I know it, madame," he said. "I am most willing and able to serve the Sisterhood, and I want nothing more than to cater to your every wish. But I am not a submissive man." At this point, he turned to face my cousin, who was wearing a huge scowl on her face. "And no amount of coercion will ever make me do what my conscience will not allow."

Angelique bit her lower lip but said nothing. Her eyes sparkled with an unusual intensity, a sudden glimmer of malice focused in our direction. His words caused some stirring within the Sisterhood ranks, but Lenore appeared entirely unaffected by his sudden and uncharacteristic boldness.

"We have had men like you before," she began. "All served the Sisterhood very well and for many years. You are one of those men who enjoy serving and pleasing women because it brings you great satisfaction. That is all well and good, and there is room for you here. It is not necessary that you submit blindly to our will, although many of our servants wish to be treated so—they want to be controlled. Since Holly has shown to us that you possess an uncompromising spirit, I will not order you to be further punished should you fail to produce the sperm sample. Such punishment would be pointless. However, you will be cast out, never to return. I leave the choice to you."

A new feeling of uneasiness crept over the young man's features although he tried hard not to show it. I knew that the thought of him being forever dismissed from service to the Sisterhood would be far more injurious than any form of corporeal punishment the Sisters could inflict. The Sisterhood had become for him his raison d'être, and the thought that he might be "cast out," as Lenore had put it, could not but trouble him greatly. The Sisterhood leader understood this, even before I, myself, had grasped its implications. Whether this new threat would serve to make him produce the sperm sample or not, along with the momentous decision to reveal it, was highly questionable and a big gamble on Lenore's part. I almost wish she had said nothing, seeing how far I had progressed with François. But the die had been cast, and there was nothing to do but continue the game.

Angelique looked at me with a sinister grin, no doubt hoping that Lenore's warning would result in François' failure to ejaculate, resulting in his, and my own, ultimate humiliation and dismissal. She made no effort to hide her disgust for the man, or for my impromptu methods used to provoke him to climax. Her earlier attempts to convince her mother and me that she felt little or no disappointment at being denied the chance to become the older woman's protégé was nothing more than a sham—a clever performance carefully thought out and executed by a mind determined to achieve its goal at all costs. Her recent actions had made this point disturbingly clear. If I failed at this critical juncture, I would lose credibility in Lenore's eyes. Such a failure might not result in my forfeiting my current status within the Sisterhood, but it certainly would not improve it. And even more disturbing, it would give Angelique the opportunity to turn my defeat into her own personal victory by default, which she could then flaunt before me and everyone else until those hypnotic eyes of hers had convinced the whole world that I was only some upstart girl from America whose charm had momentarily blinded the better instincts of her beneficent but naïve Sisterhood mentor. As much as I hated to admit this fact to myself, I could no more deny its veracity than I could deny Angelique's uncompromising nature. From this moment on, I would never look at her the same way.

"François?" I began. "Would you please continue with your story?"

Fully aware that his fate was now on the line, he took a deep breath and resumed his tale. But instead of the halting speech he had employed earlier, he now spoke out in a more demonstrative way, using his hands to embellish a point, or substituting a French word for an English one when he felt the word did not fully communicate his meaning. In effect, his storytelling approach became suddenly more visceral and engaging. My questions, too, were handled with quick and descriptive answers, which delighted me to no end. I know he was trying very hard to prove to us, and more importantly to himself, that he would not allow his inherent shyness to destroy his chances at becoming a servant to the Sisterhood, and my only concern was that, in his haste to redeem himself, he did not falter or allow his newfound passion to interfere with the ultimate goal of producing the sperm sample.

"...And it was Gabrielle herself who completely undressed me before the three other giggling girls," François related enthusiastically. "Of course I could have easily fought my way out if I really wanted to, but I had already surrendered to them in my heart, and they knew it."

"So you really enjoyed the fact that they had this control over you?" I asked.

"À qui le dis-tu?"

"I'm sorry. Please say it in English."

He smiled. "Of course. I mean to say only that it was incredibly exciting."

In his retelling of the story his eyes would widen every so often and sweep across the entire room to see what effect his words were having upon his listeners. I was happy to see that he was acting more confidently, and his excitement soon transferred itself to his captive audience.

"So, what happened next?" I asked eagerly, trying to avoid a lull in his presentation.

"Well, one of the girls—she had very long, red hair and a marvelous face—she tells me to masturbate myself and hands me a bottle of hand lotion. So, I put some of the lotion onto my hands and I begin to jerk off as I always do, as if they were not even there!"

"Incredible!" Greta exclaimed. "And you so shy!"

"Yes, madame," François replied. "But my head down there was doing my thinking for me!"

He pointed quickly to his crotch, which suddenly appeared to be harboring something large and menacing beneath the outline of its folds.

"You probably had to use a lot of hand lotion on yourself I'll bet," I said, as my eyes fell on his lap.

He looked down at the expanding area under the cloth and laughed.

"Well," he began, "there is a lot of area to cover!"

"We know! We know!" Estelle commented cheerily. "Keep going!"

François seemed immensely pleased that so many of the women were eagerly pushing for him to relate his story, and this seemed to animate him ever more.

"The next thing I know," he continued, "Gabrielle and the other three girls start to ask me all kinds of sexual questions. Embarrassing, but also very thrilling."

Janet let her hand fall down to rest upon the knee of her right leg, which was extended outward in our direction. "I assume they wanted to know how big your dork was?" she asked.

"Yes, madame," François replied. "And how many times a day I masturbate."

"And what did you tell them?" she inquired coyly.

"About two or three times, madame."

"Really?" she asked, surprised. "Your balls must produce a prodigious amount of semen."

"As I told you earlier," he said proudly. "I can fill a cup."

"Yes, I remember," she said, as her hand began caressing her lower leg.

I could tell that Janet was getting turned on by this sexual exchange with François. I think he realized it too, and judging by the now apparent erection that had manifested itself in the course of their conversation, I think he wanted it to continue, and so did I.

"Then they started to call my penis funny names," he said to her. "They used a lot of American slang words like cock, prick, dork...

"Schlong?" Janet added, gleefully.

"Yes, and...a very strange one I don't remember." He paused for a moment, looking annoyed at himself for not recalling the term. "I think it was something like...peck...peck..."

"Pecker!" I blurted out.

"Voila!" François laughed. "That was it! Such a funny name!"

Everyone laughed at my sudden outburst, but Janet seemed perturbed that she had not been the one think of the name first.

"There are quite a lot of names to describe the penis," she said nonchalantly, her gaze falling upon his crotch. "In addition to the ones already mentioned, there is also shaft, tool, Johnson, dick, meat pole...oh the list is endless. My husband calls his a 'randy, rampaging, rump reamer'!"

Her admission seemed to amuse the crowd to no end.

"Well, it's true!" she laughed, attempting to sound convincing.

"So, tell us François," I said, trying to get back to the heart of the matter. "What happened next?"

"Well, Gabrielle sees that I need more lubrication, so she squirts some lotion into her hand and begins then and there to apply it to my cock."

"This is your stepsister we're talking about, right?" Lenore asked.

"Yes, madame."

"A very kinky thing for a stepsister to do was it not?"

François chuckled. "Indeed it was, madame! And I was completely shocked. But the most amazing thing of all is that she did not just apply the lotion. No, she begins to rub it into my skin, and then she invites all the other girls to rub me too!"

"What a bloody tart!" Marge exclaimed.

"I'll be it felt great," I added.

"Oh, Holly, let me tell you," he replied, clutching a loose fold of fabric in his hand. "I felt as if every part of my body was dead except for this big thing between my legs. Four pairs of hands tugging and pulling on my cock and balls this way and that! It was a most incredible sensation!"

Without thinking, he let his right hand drop into his lap, his fingers lightly touching the huge bulge beneath the robe. "Most incredible!" he said again.

Charlotte watched the young man's fingers toy with the lump under his gown and giggled.

"Shame on you, François," she said teasingly, "You have a hard on."

The young man blushed a little, but he was beyond denying what was plainly obvious to all of us.

"Yes, madame," he replied. "I'm as hard as a rock."

This brought forth a chorus of moans from the audience.

"Well, don't be selfish," she said with feigned annoyance. "Whip it out so that all of us can see it."

"Yeah," a short, busty woman shouted. "I want to get a closer look at that thing!"

"Me too!" said another.

Several other women threw their comments into the mix of slurs and taunts, all of which seemed to heighten his arousal by varying degrees. François drank in every jest, every sexual innuendo like a man dying of thirst. Their jibes seemed to vivify him, adding fuel to the sexual furnace that comprised his libido.

He looked at me several times as if seeking direction while the audience cajoled him and begged him to remove his robe. Sensing he was anxious to comply with the women's demands, I told him to stand up and take off his gown. He seemed a bit reluctant at first, but goaded by the constant barrage of cheers he finally rose up from his seat and with one graceful flourish, let the robe fall from his shoulders and onto the floor. Everyone in the room gave him a thunderous round of applause as once again the towering pink shaft stood at full mast, jutting out from between his legs like some impossible monolith.

"C'est qqch qui ne se voit pas tous les jours!" said a woman at the far end of the room.

C'est peu dire!" another woman answered.

I asked François to interpret what they had said.

"They said you don't see something like this every day," he replied, quickly growing accustomed to being on display.

I asked him to sit down again so that he could resume his story, but the women kept teasing him.

"Tell me something, François," Felicia asked him. "How do you manage to walk with such a huge penis?"

"Well," he replied, "it's not always the way you see it now. If it was...I'd probably need a wheelchair to get around!"

Felicia laughed and stole a look at my aunt. "Now we know what you saw in this man," she said. "And you didn't have to look further than his groin!"

My aunt, despite the disappointing day she had had so far with Angelique, managed a smile. "That's right, and he's all mine!" she said with a laugh.

Dr. Monroe, seemingly anxious to acquire the sperm sample, turned to me just then and suggested we let François reenact his episode with Gabrielle and her girlfriends with the intention of getting him to cum.

"He really seems to enjoy telling this story," she remarked. "May I suggest that you have him continue and we'll help him along?"

"What do you want me to do?"

"Alicia," she said turning to the nurse. "Would you mind getting some of that new prescription cream that we sometimes use to help keep our patients erect? You know where it is don't you?"

"Yes, doctor," Alicia replied with a grin. "I used it on a patient just yesterday."

Alicia waltzed off into the adjoining room and came out moments later holding a large metallic tube in her hands. Dr. Monroe took the tube from her, inspected it, and then handed it to me.

"I had a negative reaction from him the first time I tried to masturbate him," she admitted. "He seems to like you a lot. Maybe you could apply some to his penis."

"If he'll let me," I said, feeling a little uncertain.

"I really don't think he's going to mind. Sometimes a man just needs a helping hand."

I laughed at her comment but I really didn't want to wind up masturbating him. I wanted him to prove to himself that he could do it on his own, in front of all these lewd and raunchy women, without help from anyone. And I knew the women would enjoy watching him manipulate that enormous piece of hardware simply as spectators, with no physical involvement to divert their attention from his wonderfully freakish penis.

"Okay," I said. "I think it's time we brought this whole thing to a head."

"Aptly put," Dr. Monroe said, chuckling at my unintended pun.

When François saw me apply the cream to my hands he sat up straight in his chair looking expectantly at me.

"I'm going to rub some of this stuff all over your penis," I said to him. "And then I want you to begin masturbating yourself while you tell the rest of your story to us. Will you do that for me, François?"

I asked this in the sweetest way possible, keeping my voice soft and melodic but not without a touch of coyness.

"Yes, mademoiselle," he replied earnestly. "I will do it for you."

Dr. Monroe looked at me and winked, as if to say her opinion about the young man's attraction toward me was correct after all.

I asked the women to remain quiet for the duration of his story, fearing that if they kept questioning him it would interfere with his concentration. This they begrudgingly agreed to do, though a few of the more feisty among the group continued to shout catcalls now and then. Lenore looked a bit impatient but said nothing, preferring to let the unusual scenario play out to its hopefully satisfactory conclusion.

My aunt Phoebe sat back in her chair looking pensive. As for Angelique, she sat quietly next to her mother, behaving like some haughty queen who had seen her last opportunity for success crushed beneath the feet of her familial rival. In such an unfriendly light did she regard me, as though I were some lowly vassal who had mistakenly found her way into the royal court: a court presided over by a contemptuous and willful sovereign desirous of consigning her formerly loyal subject to the dungeons for daring to challenge her authority. But I could not allow such negative thoughts to deter me from my duty. The time I had with the patient was not limitless, and I knew that Lenore would not allow my efforts to continue for much longer without substantial results.

I knelt down in front of François, and took both my hands, now slick with the cream, and applied the fragrant lotion to the upper side of his very long shaft. I rubbed the lotion into his skin using small circular movements, as if I was waxing a car. He purred softly as my tiny hands glided effortlessly up and down, over and under, his erect organ, taking particular delight when I held the base of his shaft with one hand while using my other hand to cover the area that comprised his glans. Because his penis was so large, it could not help but remain parallel to the floor, despite the fact that my handjob had made him completely turgid.

"I hope you're not forgetting his balls," I heard Angelique suddenly comment in a derisive voice.

"Don't worry Angelique," I replied without stopping to look up at her. "I have him firmly in hand."

With that I grabbed the giant prick in one hand and lifted it up while I let my other hand massage the two huge balls that rested directly underneath it. Angelique continued to watch but made no further comment.

"How does that feel, François?" I asked, tugging softly on the smooth testicular skin.

"Incredible!" he said, leaning back in his chair with his eyes half closed. "You are very skillful mademoiselle! I mean, Holly!"

I continued to work on his cock for several minutes more, paying close attention to the tiny area of skin just below the glans where I knew it was most sensitive. I let my thumb play with the little strip of flesh in a teasing fashion, which seemed to excite him greatly. Finally, with my knees beginning to hurt and my hands tiring, I saw the first tiny bead of pre-cum exude from the tip of his penis and knew that it was time for him to take control.

"Okay, big boy," I said rising. "Keep stroking and finish the story."

He let out a groan when I removed my hands from this cock, but quickly let his right hand take over. Dr. Monroe, nurse Alicia, and the two brunettes stood up behind him to watch his progress while I pulled up my chair to his immediate left, anxious to hear the remainder of his erotic tale.

"So there I am," he began, "masturbating myself for the four girls, just as I am now for all of you, and I am looking at a picture of a nude woman on my computer screen. My stepsister asks me if I have other pictures of nude women on my computer and I say 'no.' Of course she does not believe me."

His hand continued to stroke his penis, slowly but firmly. Both his legs were now fully extended before him, as if to add support for the mighty tool that reached outward almost to his knees. His breathing became more labored as he related the lurid tale, and I think he was purposely taking his time to wait until a certain moment in the story before he would allow himself to cum.

"Gabrielle demands that I show her the other pictures, but I have software that makes the pictures invisible to anyone without the password."

"Did you have more naked pictures?" I asked him.

"Oh yes," he replied taking in a large gulp of air. "Thousands of them. Over 10 gigabytes!"

"From porno sites?"

"Yes. And some pictures..."

"Yes?"

"And some pictures of Gabrielle and her friends in the backyard pool...all of them... naked."

As he said these words his face grew visibly more excited and the tempo of his stroking increased.

"I photographed them all one afternoon when they thought no one was around."

At this point I had to wonder whether it was the special cream that was responsible for his massive erection or the unbridled lust he was feeling in telling the story that made his hand now fly fast and furious over the fleshy terrain.

"Gabrielle...she commands me to give her the password, but at first I refuse."

"What did she do?" I asked.

"She does an amazing thing!" he exclaimed, as his fist pumped his cock hard. "She...she grabs my cock in her hand and starts to jerk me off herself!"

"Really?"

"And the other three girls cheer her on!"

His chest was heaving up and down at this point, and his words were coming out in shorter sentences now.

"And I watch her do this to me... and I can't believe it. But it feels so fucking good that I don't want her to stop!"

"You liked the feel of your sister's hands on your cock?" I asked, hoping to further fuel his fetish.

"It was better...than anything I have ever felt...in my life!"

"Did she make you cum?"

He paused only momentarily to let out a chuckle, but soon resumed his previous pace.

"Oh, my God! She made me almost cum seven times! Each time she brings me to the brink...and then takes her hand away! Horrible!"

"Because you wouldn't give her the password?"

"Yes...yes, because of that."

"But she got it out of you didn't she?"

"I could not take it any more," he replied with a low moan. "On the eighth time I finally gave her the password... and she finds the pictures. She and her friends got so mad that they gave me a spanking..."

"You must have felt very humiliated."

"I was, but I got excited even more!"

To accentuate this he pulled on his massive organ with increased speed. I noticed that many of the women in the audience had moved their chairs in closer to watch the young man unashamedly masturbate himself, the formerly reluctant and timid patient now a brazen masturbator, seeking sexual fulfillment in a room crowded with women.

"After each of them takes turns spanking me, Gabrielle orders me to jerk off to the pictures I took of them. 'You are a pervert and a pig!' my stepsister says to me. 'For your punishment I want you to shoot your sperm all over the computer!'"

"What did you do?" I asked.

"Nothing!" he cried, his eyes looking across the room at the crowd of women anxiously awaiting his eruption. "I could do nothing because... my stepsister takes my penis in her hands... and masturbates me very quickly."

His face was now a bright red and he was struggling to continue with the story. I think every woman in the room knew that he was now on the brink of orgasm, but what word or recollection of events would compel him to spill his creamy seed none of us could guess.

"And I am so dying to cum...just like I am now...that I could do nothing to stop it."

"She was forcing you to cum," I said.

"Yes! And I leaned back and let her do it to me!"

François pulled furiously on his prick, his enormous balls bouncing back and forth from his energetic performance as he recalled the event.

"And then," he stated with an air of finality. "One of the other girls...Renee...she holds my balls hard and laughs as Gabrielle... strokes just the tip of my penis and points it right at the monitor screen."

François mimicked this same procedure even as it was apparent he was about to ejaculate.

"One, two, three...very quick bursts and..."

"And what?" I asked teasingly.

For a moment it appeared as though he couldn't answer and then he caught his breath, still stroking his cock like a demon.

"Oh, she makes me do it...all over the keyboard...all over her hands...and the hands of all the other girls! I shoot my cum everywhere and they all laugh!"

As if on cue, several of the women in the room started to laugh as well, as did I, finding his story humorous as well as sexy. It was the missing piece of the puzzle that finally made the picture complete.

"Your sister gave you a handjob in front of all her friends," I said, laughing along with the others. "Your computer must have been one hell of a sticky mess!"

That was it. His fetish now lived out before a captive audience, he was now ready to add his final coup de grace to the proceedings.

His buttocks rose several inches off the chair as we watched his cock rear back and spit out a long, creamy jet of white paste that sailed over the heads of the women closest to him, only to find its target in the hair of one of Charlotte's companions. Along the way, droplets of the whitish fluid cascaded high into the air, making contact with anyone or anything in its path. Delvin Wade had produced amazing orgasms, but nothing close to this.

"He got me!" cried the woman who had been hit.

The entire audience broke out in gales of laughter, but Charlotte seemed more impressed with the young man's powerful orgasm than amused by it. She quickly offered her friend a fistful of tissues to help remove the sticky goo from her hair.

"The jar! The jar!" Charlotte shouted at us as the giant prick released another burst of semen, this time landing right on Janet's long legs.

The startled woman looked down and laughed heartily at the winding trail of sperm that began at her knee and ended in a viscous puddle at the tip of her black patent leather shoes.

"Bloody good that was!" Marge exclaimed.

In our gaiety, we had failed to remember the beaker in which to catch the patient's sperm. I looked at Dr. Monroe and she smiled back at me, thinking I was referring to the humongous cum shot. Then it dawned upon her, without me saying a word, that we had allowed ourselves to be so captivated by his story that his precious sperm was escaping from us even as we were gleefully watching it shoot off into the void.

"Doctor!" Lenore screamed.

Dr. Monroe, realizing her error, turned to nurse Alicia.

"Help me!" she said frantically, as she ran around and knelt down in front of François, holding the large, glass container directly in front of his spurting tool.

Nurse Alicia knelt on the patient's right, grasping the huge prick in her hand in an attempt to direct some of the streams into the beaker.

"Get it higher!" Dr. Monroe ordered the nurse. "Get it..."

Before she could finish her sentence, François recoiled violently as the introduction of the pretty nurse's hand forced his cock to an almost vertical position. He cried out as her hand held him just beneath the glans, the action of which helped him to produce a very long and stringy cum shot that flew upward and to his left, splashing directly into Dr. Monroe's face and hair.

The powerful blast forced her backward into me.

"Holly!" she cried, her face a completely awash in white sauce. "Get that sample!"

Without hesitation, I quickly picked up the beaker and placed it over the monstrous organ. Nurse Alicia finally managed to position the penis so that François was now joyously spurting into the cylinder. We watched in awe as he shot load after load of hot sperm into the glass receptacle, the long rivulets of cream splashing into the sides and bottom of the beaker, filling it up to beyond the one-cup level.

"Oh, my God!" nurse Alicia squealed as the juice continued to shoot out beyond her, or anyone else's, capacity to comprehend.

Seeing the look of ecstasy on François' face was quite satisfying. But watching that oversized cock fill the jar with his plentiful seed was even more rewarding. More importantly, I had attained my objective: I had produced the sperm sample, and I had done what Angelique could not.

A few final squirts and François finally stopped ejaculating.

"That was great!" I said to the exhausted man. "Well done!"

A thunderous round of applause greeted me as I rose up and hoisted the beaker of sperm above my head. Lenore was ecstatic and clapped loudest of all. My aunt, too, seemed genuinely happy that I had solved her dilemma, even though her daughter had come up short. Angelique didn't even look at me. She couldn't, because she had, unbeknownst to me, left the room.

Dr. Monroe's two assistants had managed to help her remove most of the sperm from her face and she ordered them to take the beaker from me and put the sample on ice.

"Holly, that was splendid!" Lenore shouted to me above the din. "And you did very well too, young man!"

François and I turned to each other and smiled. To be recognized in such a fashion by Lenore must have been a great honor for him and no less for me. I nodded in the older woman's direction and uttered the words "thank you," which she graciously acknowledged with a proud smile.

"Thank you, dear Holly," François said to me as nurse Alicia gently applied a warm sponge to his genitals. "I could not have done it without your help."

Seeing that the nurse looked a little forlorn, he added, "Or yours."

She glanced up at him just then and smiled as she cleaned up the remainder of his sperm. He watched her hands lightly move over his private parts, and when she was done she returned with the soiled sponge to the exam room.

"I have never seen any man ejaculate so much semen in my life," Dr. Monroe said to her once reluctant patient. "I know that my colleague, Dr. Swensen, has produced such orgasms in men artificially at her Clinic in Sweden, but this is...unprecedented."

She looked at François as though he were some sideshow curiosity, but her respect for him was genuine.

"I would like to do more studies on you if you will allow it," she said. "Especially now that you've seemed to conquer your shyness."

"I am at your service, doctor," he replied.

Her eyes moved to his penis. "And even after you ejaculated all that semen, it's still big and hard. It's one for the record books."

"I am sorry that I squirted you," he said apologetically.

"We'll have to see if it does anything for my skin," she laughed. "Go and put your clothes back on. My office will be in touch with you in a few days."

He rose and threw his robe over his shoulders, not bothering to cover himself up.

"I hope I shall see you again, Holly," he said cheerily.

I replied that I hoped I would see him again too and took one more look at his magnificent penis as he turned and headed toward the exam room.

"I have to give you credit, Holly," the doctor said to me. "I really thought he was going to be consigned to oblivion, but you did a great job of psyching him out." She shook my hand. "And I'm glad you put your cousin in her place."

With that, she said goodbye and followed François into the adjoining room.

"All right, everyone," Lenore said to the audience. "Show's over. See you at the dinner party tonight."

Now that the "punishment" had concluded, the crowd quickly began to disperse. Several of the women applauded me on their way out, complimenting me on my "innovative" strategy in getting François to produce the precious sperm sample. Others just simply walked passed me without so much as a nod, making it clear to me that they thought little of my efforts. Most of the women, however, did take the time to actually stop and talk to me. Felicia was the first of these to congratulate me, taking my face between her two hands and planting a kiss on each cheek.

"Masterful! Bravo!" she said excitedly. "You controlled him like a puppet! Bravo!"

But no one was more generous with her compliments than Lenore herself, who, from her seat at the head of the table, openly professed her admiration for my "very skillful handling" of the timorous patient with the surprisingly bold attitude.

"We'll talk later," my mentor said to me, looking eminently satisfied.

The Sisterhood leader spoke briefly to her friends and then hurriedly left the room, followed by my aunt, Justine, and Estelle. I could only surmise that Angelique's unnoticed disappearance was the topic of their conversation, as they didn't even bother to conclude the meeting in their usually formal way. But then again, it was very late, and the dinner at the Le Boeuf sur le Toit was going to take place in less than a few hours—and Craig Lundquist was going to be there!

"You look quite pleased with yourself, I must say."

I turned around to find Charlotte standing behind me, minus her small entourage.

"Oh!" I said. "Ms. Anjou. Hello."

I reached out my hand and she gave me a nice, firm handshake.

"I took a big gamble and it paid off. I guess I am kind of happy about it."

"As well you should be," she replied. "And please call me Charlotte."

I had remembered what Angelique had told me about this woman, but nothing in her attitude suggested to me that she was anything but a genuinely warm, and very refined, lady. Now that she was standing next to me, I was surprised to see how tall she really was, and how intimidating she could be if she chose to be so, simply by virtue of her graceful stature and commanding presence. But it was her resemblance to the mysterious visionary of my tormented dream, the enigmatic Yvette, which impressed me most. Her eyes, like twin orbs of translucent blue, so reminiscent of those of my erstwhile guide to the underworld, seemed capable of reading my innermost thoughts and feelings, and while I should have felt uncomfortable under their scrutinizing gaze, I felt instead a bond of commonality; an intuition such as that which fosters an immediate, yet inexplicable, trust.

"I want to thank you and your friends for helping me out," I said.

"I did nothing. And those women you call my friends...well, they did even less."

"They did seem to pay you a lot of attention."

"Hangers-on," she said dismissively. "It was your insight and intelligence that won the day, not anything that we did."

"Well, in any case, I appreciate that you at least tried to help."

She smiled warmly. "My gratification was in seeing you make a fool of your cousin. That girl is a terror waiting to be unleashed."

It surprised me to hear her make such a brazen comment, considering there were a few Sisterhood members still mulling about. Even so, Charlotte made no effort to lower her voice or conceal her feelings.

"I may not come to many Sisterhood meetings, but I have been friends with Lenore for a very long time. She's told me a lot about you, and from what I've seen today, she made a wise choice in naming you her successor. Angelique may have inherited the indomitable Anjou will, but she has none of the heart and compassion that makes a true leader."

"I think she hates me now," I said. "But I did what I had to do. I don't regret helping that man, even if she thinks I'm her enemy."

"I can assure you that she does," Charlotte said firmly. "Oh, she may not come out and act openly hostile to you. In fact, it's possible she may do just the opposite. But don't fall for it. I have known that girl since she was a child, and she's a master at playing mind games. Be careful."

"Up until today Angelique was my best friend," I observed sadly.

Charlotte put one of her graceful hands on my shoulder.

"Angelique is no one's best friend but her own."

One of Charlotte's associates, who was waiting for her by the doorway, called to her just then to join the rest of their group. Charlotte seemed disappointed that she had to leave, as it seemed there were many more things she wanted to say to me. She told the woman to wait as she fished out a card from her purse.

"This is my private number," she said, handing me the card. "I can't say anything more now, but there is much we need to discuss. Call me tomorrow."

Without waiting for a reply, she turned abruptly and started to walk out of the room.

"Wait!" I said. "Won't you be at the dinner party tonight?"

"I wouldn't waste my time with such nonsense," she replied without looking back. "But I'm sure you'll find it entertaining."

As I watched her pass through the door I realized that I was the only person left in the room. I looked down at the card she had given me and on it was written, "Madam Charlotte, Clairvoyant," along with her address and phone number.

Clearly, there was no love lost between Charlotte and Angelique. But what circumstances had led to their disaffection? I felt that the time had come for me to know more about the workings of the Sisterhood and its adherents, and whereas Lenore, my aunt, and even Angelique, had been satisfied to feed me such information in piecemeal fashion according to their whims, Charlotte seemed amenable to passing this knowledge on to me without any such restrictions. I don't know why I felt so trusting toward her, but I did. Maybe it was because of her direct and fearless approach. Or maybe it was because she reminded me of another clairvoyant who seemed only to have my best interests at heart. Whatever reasons I harbored for trusting her were based more on intuition than logic. And even though I had always been a more or less logical person, logic alone could not compute the mysterious workings of the human heart and its motivations.

Charlotte's warning for me to "be careful" had far more implications than I could have imagined at the time. I had, after all, only been allowed to see the surface of the Sisterhood Empire: I had yet to be introduced to the vast substrata that comprised the bulk of its entirety. And if Charlotte were willing to offer me a glimpse of the underbelly of the beast, then I would be foolish to close my eyes to it. If what I beheld were anything as terrible as my dream, the deeper one probed, the more truth would be revealed.

I was beginning to understand even now that naiveté was a characteristic inimical to my welfare; especially since battle lines were now being drawn between Angelique and me. I would have to leave behind many of my girlish ideals and embrace a new ideology—one in which eternal vigilance would determine the future of my survival. And if such vigilance determined that I could no longer count Angelique amongst my friends, then so be it. What she had tried to conquer by fear and intimidation, I had conquered by patience and compassion, and I felt that my way was a far better way to treat human beings, even if it meant sidestepping normal Sisterhood procedure, or making someone look like a fool.

************

Just off the Champs-Elysées, the Le Boeuf sur le Toit restaurant is one of those mythical, Art Deco establishments that are still visited by the Parisian intellectual elite to this day. In the 1930s, this restaurant became one of the centers for jazz in Paris. On the ride into the city, my aunt Phoebe informed me that musicians such as Django Reinhardt and Stephane Grappelli used to jam there after their concerts.

Like my aunt, I had an interest in jazz, and I was happy to hear that the restaurant was going to feature a jazz performance called the "Dance of the Waiters" this very evening. The dance was being held in honor of the many contributions my aunt's "philanthropic society" had made to the city, and she emphasized the uniqueness of the occasion by informing me that one of France's greatest dancers would be performing.

"Mr. Jean Luc Etrillard is a splendid dancer," she told me as we rode together in the back of Jake's limousine. "Charming, handsome...so full of joie de vivre. There's no one like him. I think you'll enjoy the performance very much."

"I'm sure I will," I replied.

"And they're going to have a 30-piece jazz orchestra too," she went on. "An old friend of mine, Paul Sturgess, is the leader of the band. He's from New York. An amazing tenor sax player."

My aunt had been looking out the window while she was talking but suddenly paused to admire my dress.

"May I say that you look very fetching tonight in your little emerald-green outfit. I have no doubt you'll have that Swedish boy...what's his name?"

"Craig Lundquist."

"I'm sure you'll have him falling all over you in no time."

"Well, I'm not quite immune to his charms either aunt Phoebe."

"Which means you might be falling all over him? Oh, that's a dreadful thought. Please don't embarrass yourself in front of the Sisters."

I laughed. "I promise that I won't fall all over him. Don't worry."

She gave me a longer look this time. Whether she believed me or not I couldn't tell.

Since the moment we left the castle she had refused to mention one word about the session with Mr. Villon or her daughter's failure to pass Lenore's test. I guessed that it was still a sore subject with her so I did not bring it up, but I couldn't pretend that everything was all right when we both knew it wasn't. By time we had left the house, Angelique was out riding Antares and didn't even bother to explain to her mother why she wasn't coming to the dinner party with us. They had exchanged some heated words earlier, which had resulted in a stalemate, and which left my aunt looking frustrated and upset. I know Angelique had been looking forward to going, but it seemed that she wished to be alone now, far from the searching eyes of the women who had seen her fall flat on her face at the feet of the "pathetic" Mr. Villon. My aunt argued that Angelique should not cower from her misfortune but learn from it and move on. My cousin would hear none of it. I felt sorry for her in a way. It could not have been easy for her pride to suffer so, but her desire to seek solace in isolation worried me, and I knew it worried my aunt even more.

"It's okay if you want to talk about it," I said to my aunt as we arrived at the outskirts of the city.

She looked at me with a puzzled frown. "Talk about what?"

"You know what," I replied. "Come on, aunt Phoebe. I know you're upset. Stop hiding it."

"If you're referring to what happened today, I can only say that you proved yourself to be smarter than my daughter. How do you think that makes me feel?"

"Disappointed, I suppose."

"There is no 'suppose' about it. She failed the test and that's all there is to it."

There was no hint of anger in her voice, but her eyes looked sad.

"I know you would have preferred that she become Lenore's protégé, but I didn't do anything wrong. And if I hurt you, I'm sorry."

"There is nothing for you to feel sorry about, Holly. My daughter is an angry young woman. Angry toward men, toward me, the world... I don't know what to do for her sometimes. All she cares about is riding that damn horse."

She turned to gaze out the window again.

"Would you like me to leave aunt Phoebe? Because if you do, tell me, and I'll be on the plane tomorrow morning. I don't want to come between you and Angelique."

Suddenly the frown on her face turned into a smile and she threw her arms around me and gave me a powerful hug.

"Oh, my dear little niece!" she exclaimed. "I don't want you to leave. Yes, of course I am disappointed in my daughter. But she's an adult and has to accept responsibility for her own actions. I cannot hate you for trying to do your best for the Sisterhood, and I know you never meant to hurt Angelique. It's just unfortunate that Lenore thought it necessary to pit the two of you against each other."

"I guess she felt that she had to justify her decision to the Sisterhood," I offered. "But it's also driven a wedge between me and Angelique. I don't know what to do."

"For the time being, don't do anything. She'll come around eventually. And she will. I promise you."

There was no doubt in my mind that my cousin would indeed rebound from this latest defeat after taking a few days off to lick her wounds. Such a ruthless and controlling person could not remain distant for too long without feeling that she was losing touch with the outside world. But it was these brief periods of isolation that concerned me. What new ways of wreaking havoc on the world were right now being devised in that devilish mind of hers? What new forms of punishment and humiliation could she inflict upon her adversaries? And did she have some sort of punishment in store for me? My thoughts suddenly turned to Charlotte and what insight she might provide me as to the inner workings of my wily cousin's mind.

"Do you know anything about Charlotte? I asked my aunt.

"Other than that she's an oddball, not much. Why?"

"I got a chance to speak with her today."

"I know. I saw you two talking for quite a while," she observed. "Did she promise you that she'd read your fortune?"

"No," I laughed. "She really didn't say much about herself at all. That's why I'm asking you."

My aunt cocked her head to one side, her eyes half closed as if trying to remember some long past event.

"She used to come around when Angelique was very young. For a while she was a frequent visitor at our house. And then the visits stopped. Pierre told me that she spent a good deal of her life traveling around the world, especially in the Middle East learning about the occult arts. Many years later she became a member of the Sisterhood. I do know that she tells fortunes and professes to know the future. She's been a close friend of Lenore's for years, but I never quite hit it off with her."

"Angelique doesn't seem to like her much."

"I'm not surprised. They're both possessed of that stubborn Anjou temperament."

"She seemed nice enough to me."

"She has no reason not to be nice to you. But I wouldn't pay her any money to predict your future."

As she finished these words she pointed her index finger to the side of her head and made concentric circles in the air, indicating what she thought of Charlotte's mental abilities.

"Don't get me wrong," she went on. "Charlotte's a nice woman but definitely a kook. I'd take what she says with a grain of salt."

For the next 20 minutes my aunt and I discussed sundry matters, most of which were related to my academic studies and my plans for the future. We didn't speak of Angelique or Charlotte again.

It was almost 8:00 PM when Jake informed us that we had just turned west onto the rue du Colisée. From what I could see, the police had cordoned off the entire area around the restaurant, and the doormen were busy assisting the elegantly clad Sisterhood patrons as they walked gingerly through the cordon and up the few steps leading into the restaurant. The restaurant itself stood several meters away from us on the left side of the busy thoroughfare, it's marquee announcing the evening's event in bold black letters against a white background. I noticed that there were men in black suits checking IDs at the door.

"What's going on?" I asked.

"This is strictly a private affair," my aunt said adjusting the straps on her evening gown. "The entire restaurant is ours for the night." She smiled and patted my hand. "Come on. Let's enjoy ourselves."

She ordered Jake to stop the car before we actually approached the cordon and he came out and opened the door for us.

"I don't know how long we'll be," she told him. "But be back here at least by midnight."

"Yes, Ms. Anjou," he replied, courteously.

As my aunt and I approached the restaurant, a doorman spotted us and escorted us toward the front entrance where we had to show our IDs to the men in black suits. One of the men handed back my aunt's card and apologized.

"I'm sorry, Ms. Anjou," he said, sheepishly. "I should have recognized you."

"That's quite all right," she replied good-naturedly. "It's good to see that you people are doing your job."

He looked at me. "Is this lady with you?"

"She's my niece."

"That's fine," he said, returning my card to me. "Please go in."

The doorman held the door for us and as we entered several Sisters approached us all at once and told us to follow them. One of them was Zula, a tall African woman whom I had seen last at the Sisterhood meeting at my aunt's home in San Diego a year ago. The other was Selena Montaldo, a striking Spanish beauty.

"Lenore is waiting for you at the head table," Zula said to my aunt in a staid tone of voice. "She wants to get this thing underway as soon as possible."

"Fine," my aunt replied. "Lead on."

Zula was a rather abrupt woman who seemed to lack the common niceties one would expect a person to exhibit in polite society. She had, after all, not respectfully greeted either my aunt or me, and I found this unacceptable in a person. I later found out that Zula had killed a man in her native Africa for making fun of the dress she was wearing at the time. She had hit him over the head with a hammer, crushing his skull. Selena, on the other hand, was all smiles and graciousness as she took both my aunt's hand and mine and led us across the densely packed room.

"Look at this," she said to us in a hushed but excited voice. "Almost every Sisterhood leader is here tonight—over 250 of them!"

My aunt and I surveyed the crowded room, the boisterous women replete in every conceivable style of designer evening gown; their dresses' variegate colors reminding me of the plumage on a flock of exotic birds. Besides Zula and Selena, and some of the more familiar Sisters I had recently met, I recognized several other faces from that meeting a year ago, among them Anya Rostokovitch, Yin Ping Hun, and Kyoto Sarumoto. Most of these women had formed small cluster groups, or cliques, and were already drinking quite heavily with their comrades. As we passed by, some took notice of my aunt and said hello, while others looked and totally ignored us. Some of these latter types were the same ones who had sat in attendance at my earlier "test" and had not approved of my unorthodox methods of "punishing" Mr. Villon.

"A few unfriendly faces amongst the crowd I see," my aunt said turning to me. "Don't let it bother you, Holly. If I'm able to deal with it, so should they. Forget them."

The truth was, I really didn't really care much about whether those women had approved of me or not. All I cared about was that I had done the right thing as I saw it and that my conscience was clean. Lenore herself had approved and that was enough for me.

As we traversed the entire length of the room, I had a chance to admire the beautiful furnishings and charming Art Deco décor. In addition to the many fine impressionistic paintings that adorned the walls, there was a space behind the bar that was reserved for the photographs of famous musicians who had played at the celebrated restaurant. Some of the ones I recognized were Thelonius Monk, John Coltrane, Dizzy Gillespie, and Stan Getz. The only reason I recognized these men was because my aunt had shown me a scrapbook of all the jazz musicians she had come to know and love. She saw me concentrating on their pictures and smiled.

"The greats!" she said, looking over the portraits. "The crème de la crème!"

We passed beyond the main area of the restaurant and through a set of glass doors that opened out into a larger function room. It was twice the size of the main area and had very high ceilings with enormous glass chandeliers that seemed almost too heavy to hang safely from their mounts. To our left was the bandstand, a large semicircular riser upon which the 30 or so musicians were tuning their instruments or engaging in idle talk. One of the men, a handsome, dark-haired man in his early 30s dressed in a black tuxedo and carrying a saxophone, spotted my aunt and quickly came toward us.

"Phoebe!" he shouted excitedly. "Hey, it's me! Porky!"

My aunt immediately recognized the genial man and threw open her arms to greet him.

"Paul!" she exclaimed, giving him a big hug. "It's so good to see you again! You look wonderful!"

Paul Sturgess, or "Porky," as he preferred to be called, held my aunt around her waist with one arm while holding his saxophone in the other. He seemed elated to see her.

"Me?" he said. "Look at you! Why you're more beautiful than the last time I saw you. What was that? Five years ago?"

"At least," she replied, taking a step back to admire him.

"I'm so glad you asked my band to play. It's an honor, really."

"I'm so glad you agreed," she laughed. "You guys are tough to book."

He looked down at his saxophone and ran one of his hands over the valves. "Busy as hell these days, Phoebe. My agent gave me a bit of a hard time at first, but when he saw his commission on this gig..."

My aunt laughed. "You're still as suave as ever. May I present to you my niece, Holly McKenzie?"

"Hi Holly," he said extending his hand to me. "I'm glad to know you."

"Nice to meet you, Mr. Sturgess," I said, as I looked up into his friendly brown eyes and shook his hand.

"Porky, please."

"And these are my associates Selena Montaldo and Zula," my aunt said.

The two women exchanged greetings with the dashing musician—Selena shook his hand warmly, Zula just grunted.

"Well," Porky said to my aunt. "I've got to get onstage. Show's about to begin. Anything special you want to hear?"

My aunt thought a moment. "How about 'When Sunny Gets Blue'?"

Porky smiled. "That used to be your favorite tune. Sure, no problem. Catch you later. Nice meeting you ladies."

Porky kissed my aunt on the cheek and then resumed his place on the bandstand, leading the orchestra in a rendition of an old jazz classic from the Big Band era called "Stardust".

"Isn't he wonderful?" my aunt beamed. "And wait until you hear him play that sax!"

Selena and Zula led us away from the bandstand and toward the opposite side of the room. It was a bit difficult navigating our way through horde of Sisters, most of who had already ingested far too much alcohol and were mulling about like a herd of disoriented cattle.

"Oh, get out of the way for Christ's sake!" my aunt yelled at one drunken, middle-aged woman who refused to budge. "Let us through!"

When the woman simply stared back at my aunt and did not move, Zula threw her arms around the woman's waist and lifted her up, placing her in the nearest chair. The woman uttered something derogatory to the Amazonian and then slumped over across the table.

"You are a disgrace!" my aunt said to the drunken woman.

The woman raised her head a few inches off the table as if to reply and promptly closed her eyes and slumped back to her former position. She had passed out.

Suddenly, we heard Lenore's voice cry out from her seat across the room. She was sitting at a long, rectangular table against the far wall surrounded by a small group of women.

"Over here! Over here!"

"We're coming!" my aunt shouted in reply, as we forced our way through the crowd.

I followed closely behind my aunt, utilizing her body as a human shield to protect me from the mass of people pressing into us. When the two women finally met they hugged and kissed. Lenore surprised me by kissing me too—something she had never done.

"I don't have to tell you that you both look lovely do I?" the Sisterhood leader said.

"Oh, go ahead and say it," my aunt replied. "Tell us how beautiful we look because you know we'll have to tell you the same thing."

Both women laughed.

At Lenore's table sat Justine and Estelle and several other women whom I didn't know. The seats to Lenore's immediate right and left were empty.

"Phoebe, come 'round and sit here next to me. And you, Holly, I want you to sit right here."

She pointed to the chair on her right—a place of honor amongst those of the Sisterhood.

"Thank you," I said, following her instruction.

After my aunt and I were seated, Lenore introduced us to the half dozen women seated with us whom my aunt, it seemed, didn't know herself.

"It's a pleasure to meet all of you ladies," my aunt said. "Of course after a few drinks I won't remember any of your names."

Lenore laughed. "Three drinks and you won't even remember your own!"

Justine, Estelle, and the other women all seemed to be in high spirits. They laughed when they heard this and Estelle said she was looking forward to Phoebe's third drink, after which she, herself, downed a half glass of scotch.

The conversation at our table centered around chiefly personal, rather than professional, matters. The women were a motley group of various ages and nationalities. Two women, who were introduced to me as Muriel and Lorraine, spoke entirely in French, not knowing a word of English. Another spoke broken English but with an accent I couldn't recognize. My aunt soon became engrossed in a conversation with the two French women, but I could only understand very little of what was being said.

"Muriel and Lorraine were at the session earlier today," Lenore said to me. "That's what they're talking about right now."

"Really?" I asked surprised. "I don't remember them being there."

"They weren't. They watched the whole thing from their hotel room on closed circuit TV."

"Oh," I said, suddenly feeling uneasy. "You mean that whole thing is on tape?"

"I keep a record of every Sisterhood event. There are hidden cameras in the walls."

I wasn't very happy to hear this news.

"I don't think it's fair that I wasn't told about this," I said.

"No one knew about it but me," Lenore replied. "I have my own reasons for videotaping it, and I promise you that it will not go out of my hands."

From the bandstand the first few strains of "When Sunny Gets Blue" reached our ears, the melody of which was being beautifully played by Porky on his saxophone.

"Isn't that just wonderful?" my aunt said in a singsong voice. "Her eyes get gray and cloudy..."

The two French women looked at my aunt, who had now broken into a full vocal rendition of the song, like they had been offended. My aunt ignored them.

"And the rain begins to fall," she continued to sing, oblivious to everyone and everything.

"Oh fuck," Justine laughed. "She's on a roll now."

"If she could only sing on key!" Estelle commented, lifting her glass to toast my aunt's less than stellar efforts.

She continued to sing the song until the moment when Porky took the microphone and crooned part of the song himself. He had a very nice baritone voice and sang almost as well as he played the saxophone.

As the song neared its end, the waiters began taking orders. Our entire table seemed grateful for this interruption, as everyone, including me, appeared to be starved. I was happy just to know I wouldn't have to endure another verse of my aunt's off-key singing.

Lenore did not say much about my "test," earlier in the day, probably fearing that any praise she might lavish upon me would only hurt my aunt's feelings. She did whisper to me that she was "immensely proud" of my "achievement," and that she and I would have time to discuss matters later.

After the waiters had taken our orders, my aunt ordered a round of drinks for everyone at our table. I was talked into ordering a glass of wine, even though I would have preferred a ginger ale.

"Stop being so American!" Lenore joked. "You're in the most romantic city in the world. Live a little!"

With that she raised her glass of Chardonnay to her lips and savored a mouthful.

"That's right," my aunt agreed. "You have to let yourself go once in a while. Have fun!"

Lenore raised her glass to the others. "To fun!"

All the women toasted one another and once again began chatting amongst themselves.

When the appetizers arrived a short while later I began to wonder what had become of Craig. He never told me what time he would arrive, but I thought he would certainly make it for dinner. I knew his friend Barney was coming with him so maybe there was some kind of holdup on that end. By the time our soup arrived I was beginning to think he had forgotten all about our appointment, and that maybe he had decided to return to Stockholm with Dr. Swensen after all. The thought of him not showing up made me very disappointed, so much so that I hardly touched my soup.

"The soup is delicious," Lenore said to me. "Why aren't you eating it?"

"Craig promised me he was going to be here tonight."

Lenore stole a quick glance at my aunt and then looked down into her bowl.

"Oh, I wouldn't let that bother you," she said, taking a sip of broth. "I'm sure he'll come. He's probably just running a little late."

"Maybe," I said glumly, refusing to accept her explanation.

"Oh, come on, Holly," she said, resting her hand on my arm. "I saw the way he looked at you. He'll be here. I promise you."

"I hope so," I said, stirring my soup in a careless fashion. "I wore this dress especially for him."

Again Lenore glanced at my aunt, but neither woman said anything further. Finally, my patience broke.

"Is there something I'm missing here?" I asked, looking back and forth at both of them.

"Not at all," my aunt quickly replied. "Why don't you try to eat your soup?"

"I don't care about the soup!" I said, raising my voice.

Both Lenore and my aunt were taken aback by my sudden outburst, and the other women at the table stopped talking and stared at me.

"Holly, please!" my aunt said looking dismayed. "Don't make a scene."

I didn't want to draw attention to myself, but I couldn't help but feel that the two of them were keeping something from me.

"He's not coming is he?"

My aunt just shook her head and kept eating.

"You'd tell me if he wasn't coming wouldn't you?"

Again she said nothing.

"Aunt Phoebe!"

This second outburst caused her to drop her spoon on the floor.

"I can't tell you what I don't know," she replied testily. "Now relax and eat your soup and try to have a little faith in people."

That's great! I muttered under my breath. When my aunt talked about having faith in people I knew it was time to worry. She may have once, long ago, believed in those very ideals I had long cherished and had now recently been forced to reevaluate, but she was essentially a pragmatist who was not inclined to favor the spiritual nature of life. Telling me to have faith in someone was tantamount to telling an ascetic that hedonism was the true path to virtue. It simply didn't add up.

The instinctive feeling that she was hiding something from me would not go away, but I chose not to belabor the issue. If Craig were a man of his word I would soon know. If not, then I would have to bid him adieu. As much as I liked him, I could not respect a man who could not keep his promise.

"Après la pluie le beau temps," Muriel said to me in a sympathetic voice.

"What?" I replied.

"She says 'every cloud has a silver lining,' my aunt said. "She sees that you're unhappy."

"Oh," I replied, turning to Muriel. "Is it that obvious?"

She just smiled at me while aunt interpreted my question.

"Amour," my aunt continued.

"Oui...amour!" Muriel laughed. "Ça ne casse pas trois pattes à un canard!"

I looked at my aunt. "What does she say about love?"

"She says it's nothing to get excited about."

All the women at the table seemed to think this comment amusing—everyone but me.

Our dinner was a most sumptuous repast with every conceivable Parisian delicacy made available courtesy of the "Philanthropic Society." I was hungry but I really couldn't eat much since my mind was constantly focused on the blonde Swedish boy who had now, it seemed, vanished as quickly as he had come. As the evening wore on, I grew less hurt and more peeved at Craig's apparent callousness. I didn't seem right to me that he would just leave without any explanation. In fact, such an action seemed completely out of character for such a charming and considerate boy, and it puzzled me greatly.

After dinner had been served, Lenore was called to the bandstand to pass out awards to those Sisters who had achieved distinction in their roles as chapter leaders, my aunt Phoebe being one of the recipients. When the last award had been handed out, Lenore gave a short speech congratulating the dozen or so women who had been honored and then informed the audience that the "Dance of the Waiters" was now going to commence.

I watched as Porky escorted Lenore off the stage, his saxophone steadfastly by his side. By the time he had climbed back onto the bandstand the house lights had been turned off and were replaced by bright, multi-colored, theatrical lights that illuminated the stage and the dance floor just in front of it. The audience was hushed with anticipation as the handsome bandleader turned to the orchestra and counted off the time by snapping his fingers. He then raised his saxophone to his lips and began playing a very sensual and enervating introduction to a song I later learned he had composed himself.

As the eerily beautiful strains of the saxophone filled the air, an ensemble of two-dozen waiters strode onto the dance floor in their waiter's uniforms and began dancing to the music. They held trays in their hands, which they used as props, tossing them over their heads and to each other as they moved around the floor in a catlike motion. At one point the dancers formed a closed circle and flung their trays high into the air and outward towards the audience. Seeing this, the women closest to these flying missiles gave out a series of horrified shrieks, only to discover that these so-called "trays" were nothing more than foam plates that landed harmlessly all around them.

Now the other members of the orchestra began to add their own unique voices to the instrumental mix, creating an ambiance of textures, invoking hauntingly seductive minor modalities that seemed almost ethereal in nature. In my opinion, Porky had created nothing short of a jazz masterpiece, and I could tell by the fascinated look on my aunt's face that she, too, had completely succumbed to the influence of this beautiful music.

But our attention was quickly diverted from the music to the dancers themselves, who were now, unexpectedly, beginning to undress themselves. Bit by bit, pieces of clothing were being tossed pell-mell into the audience. A shirt here, a pair of socks there—even their pants finally came off, revealing a pair of thongs on every man. The crowd went wild.

"A strip show!" Justine exclaimed. "How quaint!"

It was apparent that these men had been chosen for their youth, physical attractiveness, and especially their dancing skills, as the routine they were now performing was nothing short of difficult, requiring great talent and coordination. As the music grew more frenetic, so did the dance routine itself, the men whirling about the dance floor at almost break-neck speed, heedless of the cheers of the audience surrounding them. The precision-like timing of their movements was impeccable, and when the music reached a crescendo, they, likewise, lined up all in a row and began to shake their lower bodies so hard that I thought their tiny thongs would fall off. And, unbeknownst to me, that was exactly what was supposed to happen.

As the music swelled to its final tutti, each man grabbed the right side of his strap and pulled on the Velcro attachment. Almost in unison, each man's thong fell to the floor, even as the music stopped playing. We were now looking at a chorus line of twenty-four nude men—twenty-four specimens of spectacular male beauty standing arm in arm, their sublime flesh exposed in the glare of the bright lights for all the women to enjoy. And enjoy it they did.

To the thunderous applause and cheers of the crowd, the dancers slowly inched their way forward to the edge of the dance floor and took a deep bow. They then turned around and bowed again with their backs to us, showing off their muscular bottoms. This brought the house down.

"Look at the ass on that one!" Lenore squealed, pointing to a rather husky specimen on our far left.

"No him!" Estelle exclaimed, almost unable to spit the words out because she was laughing so hard. "The guy in the middle. Look at the size of that dick!"

"I haven't been able to keep my eyes off it," my aunt informed us.

Suddenly, a woman came running up to our table dressed in a long, white, satin evening gown, her short red hair radiant in the glow of the spotlights. It was Dr. Monroe.

"Joanna," Lenore said. "There's one for the record books," she said, indicating the man with the outsized organ.

"I know!" she said out of breath. "Isn't that amazing? Another Mr. Villon!" She grabbed a chair and sat down next to my aunt, still keeping her eyes on the impressive sight. "I'll definitely have to do an examination on him!"

We all laughed.

Porky struck up the band once again, and we were greeted with familiar refrains of a popular stripper song. As the music played, the men wound their way into the audience taking orders for drinks from the women.

"Ladies," Porky said over the microphone, "don't forget to tip your waiters."

This brought a round of cheers from the audience.

"I'd rather have my waiter's big tip," Estelle said, ravenously eyeing the man with the huge penis who was now on his way toward our table.

When the waiter arrived, he was greeted with all kinds of jests and sexual slurs that made it almost impossible for him to take our orders. To his credit, he took it all in stride, even laughing along with us when Dr. Monroe bent her head down to inspect the thick slab of muscle that hung only inches from her face. She looked at it this way and that, commenting on its superb proportions, and comparing it to something that might be seen on one of Michelangelo's statues.

"May I?" she said to him, as she brought one her hands underneath the huge shaft.

The handsome man was taken by surprise, but he allowed her do as she wished, watching in fascination as she hoisted the flaccid pole up so that it almost touched his muscular abdomen.

"What do you think?" she said, turning to my aunt. "In its erect state. Thirteen? Fourteen?"

"At least," my aunt replied with a grin.

"And then some!" Justine added.

"I'm sorry," Dr. Monroe said to the waiter. "I don't...we don't mean to embarrass you but this...this is quite some huge, fucking schlong!"

Hearing the word "schlong" coming from the doctor's lips caused all of us to break into fits of uncontrollable laugher. She was, of course, drunk, as were most of the women at our table. Nonetheless, the use of the vernacular to describe the male appendage sounded especially funny coming from this otherwise demure and professional medical practitioner.

"Have you ever measured this thing," the beautiful redhead asked him.

"As a matter of fact," the young man replied unabashedly, "I have. It's exactly fourteen and a half inches long."

Dr. Monroe whistled through her teeth while the rest of us let out a collective gasp.

"Are you sure about that?"

"Absolutely," he replied proudly.

I noticed a sense of haughtiness in him, as if in the manner in which he replied to the doctor's questions, he had something to prove. The doctor let go of his penis and turned to face us, a look of mischief upon her face.

"I think it's probably more like thirteen inches," she said.

"Fourteen and a half," he insisted.

"I don't suppose you'd care to prove it," she said looking up into his face.

Suddenly the entire table broke out into giggles at the lewd suggestion. The waiter himself looked completely shocked and at a loss for words. He stood there, vacillating.

"It's okay young man," Lenore said, noting his ambivalence. "Why don't you just go and get us our drinks."

Dr. Monroe protested. "Oh, you're going to spoil my fun Lenore!"

"Well, he doesn't seem to be in any hurry to show you," she replied.

The waiter took a step back and took a long, appreciative look at the drunken doctor.

"Or do you?" Lenore asked him.

By this time the women sitting at a table in our immediate vicinity were beginning to take an interest in what was going on. They eyed the waiter, waiting to see what his response might be. One of the women was Felicia Antonetti.

"Go and do what the doctor tells you!" she said to him in her distinctive Italian accent. "Pronto! Pronto!"

The waiter gave the beautiful Italian woman a wan smile but didn't budge.

"I'm telling you that my cock is exactly fourteen and a half inches long," he said to Dr. Monroe, trying to sound convincing. "You'll have to take my word for it."

The doctor and several other women at our table chuckled.

"To hell with your word," she said. "I need proof."

"Well what do you expect me to do?" he said, almost whining. "Stroke it in front of everybody here?"

The doctor looked him squarely in the eyes. "Why don't you?"

"Oh, man," he said. "This is really weird!"

"Stroke it, or shut up and get us our drinks," she said turning her back on him.

He looked expectantly from face to face, trying to decide what to do. I could tell she was getting a little tired of playing this game, and if it was going to go any further, it would have to be up to him.

Putting down his pen and tab he took his cock in his hand and began to move his fingers up and down its entire length.

"All right," he said looking straight at her. "I'll prove it to you."

Dr. Monroe smiled. The thought of bringing yet another male under her control, and especially under these circumstances, made her feel sexy and powerful. Under normal circumstances, such a lewd display could never have occurred in this famous place. But this was a private function, forbidden to the public, and it was Lenore and the Sisterhood who were calling the shots. Even the proprietor had to acquiesce to the demands of my aunt and Lenore, who themselves had contributed vast amounts of money to keep the restaurant going when the owners could not pay the mortgage due to the restaurant falling upon hard times a few years ago. Even so, the blatant act was made no less spectacular by virtue of the slackened standards of its tolerant Sisterhood clientele.

As he masturbated himself, the women continued to engage in conversation, stopping at times to admire his deft manipulations of his penis, or to provoke him to stroke harder. It was amazing to see the effects of their words upon him. And as the amount of sexual slurs increased, so did the speed at which he drove his fist up and down his cock. Within only a few minutes, the unimposing and flaccid specimen had grown well over a foot long, until it now seemed too big to be real. The huge plum-like head of its corona could barely be contained in his hand, and he aimed it defiantly at Dr. Monroe.

"Well, go ahead," he said. "Measure it."

She looked at the monstrous prick with incredulity, amazed that the tangible reality of it surpassed whatever vision she had entertained in her own imagination.

"It's so fucking big!" she laughed as she pulled out a small measuring tape from her purse.

My aunt looked at the tape and chuckled. "I don't think that tape is going to be long enough."

"You'd be surprised," the doctor replied, as she extended the tape along the side of his penis.

"Holy shit," she remarked. "He's right! Fourteen and a half!"

"I told you," he said.

She quickly put the tape away.

"I apologize for doubting you," she said. Now take your hands away."

"Why?"

"Just do it," she said in a commanding voice.

He immediately removed his hands from his penis, allowing her to run her long, elegant fingers over the length of him.

"It feels so hot!" she observed, as she brought one of her hands underneath his cock to caress his bulging sac.

The rest of us watched in rapt fascination as Dr. Monroe played with the waiter's penis. He would moan softly now and then as her lithe hands danced ever so lightly along the length of the stiff shaft. She, in turn, used a variety of maneuvers that she had no doubt employed when she was called upon to obtain a sperm sample from a reluctant patient, using both of her hands to stroke, rub, tickle, and tease him to distraction.

"You'd better not do that," he said, unable to take his eyes off her stroking hands.

"Why not?"

"Because I might shoot off!"

She paused a moment to look up into his face. "Not without my permission you won't."

He was too overcome with the overpowering sensations provided by her handjob to offer any retort. He simply moaned again and let her do what she wished with him.

As she continued to toy with his genitals, several women from the adjoining table came toward us to get a better view of the proceedings.

"Come on over ladies," my aunt said waving them on. "You've got to see this."

Felicia was the first to lay her eyes on the waiter's towering cock, the sight of which forced her to stop dead in her tracks.

"Mama mia!" she exclaimed. "That's some sausage!"

There were seven other women standing directly behind her who were now jockeying to get a better look. One of them was the statuesque blonde, Greta Hofsteddar. She worked her way around the group of women and walked right up to the waiter, but her eyes never left his penis or the doctor's hands, which were now feverishly working on it.

"Is that for real?" she said to Dr. Monroe.

"Feel for yourself," the doctor replied, letting go of his penis.

The waiter's face registered almost physical pain at the removal of the doctor's hands, but was instantly rewarded by the introduction of Greta's hand upon his penis.

"Oh, my God!" she screeched. "And I thought my husband was big!"

"He is!" Lenore admitted. "But not like this!"

"It's obscene!" Greta laughed. "Do you need a license to carry this?" she teased him.

End of Chapter 5

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 06
byfmcchris©

Suddenly a high-pitched squeal reached our ears.

"Let me through you damn fools!"

It was Janet Walsh, dressed in a very short black skirt that showed almost too much of her astoundingly beautiful long legs. She was carrying a dish of ice cream in one of her hands as she forced her way through the growing number of spectators. She was so flustered by the time she finally approached us that she didn't even notice what was going on with the waiter and Dr. Monroe.

"Can you believe it?" she said to us as she held the bowl of ice cream in front of her. "All these wonderful desserts and not one ounce of whipped cream!"

All of us, including the women from the other table, turned to look at the leggy brunette. Even the waiter, annoyed that Dr. Monroe had yet again released his penis, gave her a dour look.

"What is it?" she asked with a confused look. "What did I say?"

As her eyes darted back and forth between us, the women began to giggle in unison.

"Okay, what the hell is…?"

Suddenly her mouth dropped open and her eyes widened as she beheld the mammoth prick hanging just inches away from the doctor's face.

"Well, fuck me!" she exclaimed.

Her expression and the way she enunciated the words caused all of us to explode into fits of laughter.

"I'm sure he would like to fuck you!" my aunt squealed, almost unable to speak because she was so irrepressibly amused.

"Would he indeed?" Janet replied. "Not with that bestial thing!"

"It's not so bad once you get your hands on him," the waiter said to her.

"Him? Me get my hands around him?" she exclaimed. "Not on your life buddy!"

"Come on," he said teasing her. "Put down that ice cream and give it a few tugs."

"I'll tug those ornaments off you, that's what I'll do!"

The waiter sized her up and down. "I'll bet you look great in the nude."

Janet let out a long laugh. "That's something you'll never see bucko!"

"All right, that's enough!" Dr. Monroe warned the waiter. "Another word and…"

She abruptly released his penis.

The waiter just stood there as if in pain.

"Get the picture?" she asked.

He nodded, dumbly.

Without another word, the doctor resumed her manipulation of his genitals while the rest of us continued to watch. It was obvious she was going to get him to ejaculate, but how long it might take I couldn't guess. I took a moment to look around the room and noticed that the other waiters were also engaged in various forms of sexual interplay with their female clientele. On the dance floor, and right underneath Porky's nose, a burly waiter was receiving a vicious blowjob from a tall, buxom Sister. Porky and his band, obviously unused to seeing such outlandish sights, managed to conduct themselves with aplomb, seeming to understand that such events were part of the Sisterhood ritual.

A few tables away two of the waiters were having intercourse with Zula. One of the men was fucking her in her asshole while the other had his cock buried in her mouth. She was entirely dressed, with the exception of her panties, which had been removed and were now draped over one of the waiter's heads. The women at her table looked on with approval at the debauched sight.

"Look at that black bitch go!" Janet exclaimed. "She may not be very talkative, but she sure knows how to make her body perform!"

All around us acts of sexual depravity were taking place—and this all happened in a relatively short span of time. Or so it seemed. With my attention being focused upon the waiter and Dr. Monroe, I was not aware as to what was going on around me. In fact, no one was. It was Janet who had to inform us that the long Viennese dessert tables, from which she had gotten her ice cream, had been wheeled out fifteen minutes ago, and that another table of delicacies—in actuality a floating array of French and Italian pastries—was now on its way onto the floor.

On every side I could hear the sounds of people being brought to orgasm. Sometimes his or her wails of pleasure were long and drawn out; other times a litany of filth might be shouted hurriedly as someone reached climax. All this sexual energy in the air seemed to fuel Dr. Monroe's desire to get the waiter to cum. She stroked him now with purposeful intent, wrapping one of her arms around his waist as she masturbated him with her right hand. The huge tool hung over the edge of the table like a drawbridge, a clear stream of pre-cum clinging from the slit at its tip.

"Oh, look at that!" Lenore said suddenly.

She pointed to the dance floor where a long table—the pastry float—was being wheeled into place. Upon the float were several statues, replicas of ancient Greek gods all dressed up in flowing white robes and adorned with garlands of flowers. The statues were displayed in various reclining positions and surrounded by a mass of fanciful cakes, assorted pastries, and fruit.

Despite the sexual activities taking place around them, many of the women rushed up to the table to get their hands on these delectable-looking desserts. As the mob of women jostled each other to grab one of the exotic edibles, a loud groan escaped from the waiter's mouth.

"Oh shit!" he yelled. "You're gonna make me cum!"

"Yes I am," Dr. Monroe sang, as she laughed and increased her tempo.

Janet stood watching the doctor with casual indifference. The ice cream in her bowl was already half melted away.

"I wish I had some fucking whipped cream," she said quietly to herself, her gaze transfixed on the waiter's greasy pole.

Lenore looked at Janet and frowned. "I don't want to hear you complain about whipped cream ever again. Give Joanna your dish."

Janet groaned. "Oh, fuck Lenore. Don't tell me…"

"Give her your dish!"

The foul-mouthed brunette shrugged and gently flung the bowl onto the table.

"I'd prefer 'cool whip' actually," she said, as the doctor placed the dish in front of the waiter's cock.

"How about some 'hot' whip?" Dr. Monroe grinned, pointing the tip of his penis into the bowl.

The waiter looked as stiff as one of the statues on the pastry platform. Holding his ass firmly with one hand, the doctor shook his cock as one might shake a can of whipped cream, her actions building up the inside pressure of the fleshy canister until one light touch of the finger would send the contents flying into the air.

Knowing that he was on the brink of orgasm, all of us grew quiet, hoping to witness a tremendous release of sperm. Lorraine was sitting on the opposite side of Dr. Monroe, not directly in harm's way, so she thought nothing of craning her head forward to watch the doctor's long fingers tease the thin strip of flesh just under his glans. It was a mistake.

Even as Dr. Monroe grasped the end of his cock just beneath the corona, I knew Lorraine was in trouble. Screaming like a wounded animal, the waiter grimaced, and the great prick, formerly held securely in place by Dr. Monroe's firm grip, was now pointing several inches above the bowl of ice cream and straight at the unsuspecting French girl. The doctor's handjob had been so vigorous that she wasn't paying much attention to where she was pointing the mammoth tool.

I tried to warn Lorraine but it was too late. With her mouth wide open in astonishment at the doctor's amazingly effective but haphazard handjob, and leaning the top part of her body even further in to get a better view, I watched as a sudden eruption of hot and gooey semen flew across the table right into the girl's open mouth, hitting the back of her throat and splashing into her upper palate, exuding in great gobs over her lips and onto her chin. It happened so fast that she didn't even have time to turn her head in order to avoid the disaster. This initial attack was followed by a succession of creamy spurts that seemed to go on forever, all of which found their way into her face, hair, arms, and all over the front of her evening gown.

"Arrête! Arrête!" she screamed, as she finally managed to duck her head under the table.

Needless to say, the roar of laughter was deafening.

Muriel and several other women came to her aid at once, grabbing handfuls of napkins and tissues so that they could help her wipe away the abundant sperm that clung to her body in large clumps.

"Oh, Lorraine!" Lenore cried. "Moment mal choisi!"

She then burst out laughing harder than before.

"Merci beaucoup, docteur!" Lorraine exclaimed, as she raised her head up in time to see the doctor coax yet another gigantic load of sperm out of the waiter's convulsing prick. I watched as the long jet of cream sailed out over a startled Justine's head and into the wall behind her, impacting upon an oil painting of Ella Fitzgerald, hitting her squarely in the eye. This spectacular feat earned the young man a tremendous round of applause, yet only a tiny portion of sperm had actually landed in the bowl.

"Sorry!" Dr. Monroe said to everyone as she laughed and masturbated the waiter furiously, unsuccessfully trying to control the direction of the thick, white stream.

But even as the waiter continued to ejaculate, something else was grabbing our attention.

On the dance floor a mass of women were shrieking with joy as they stood around the pastry float. Their voices were so loud that it caught the attention of the entire room. From what I could see, the statues were no longer on the float but were now on the floor itself, surrounded by these crazed women.

"What the hell is going on over there?" my aunt said, quickly rising from her chair.

Dr. Monroe, having wrung the last few drops of cum from the waiter's now completely drained prick, and her hand dripping with his semen, ordered him to bring us a round of drinks and a bunch of napkins. As he walked away she gave him a hard slap on his ass and looked out toward the dance floor.

"I think they're licking the damned statues!" she exclaimed.

"No, they're not licking them," Lenore said. "They're trying to fuck them!"

Felicia and the women from her table had already run off toward the dance floor to see what was going on. Now it was our turn.

As we rushed up to join in the melee, a man approached my aunt and took her aside. It was her friend

"Phoebe," he said in the midst of trying to pry one drunken sister off a prostrate man. "You've got to do something about this. They're going to hurt the guys. Call them off!"

Before my aunt could act, Lenore had already assessed the situation and ran up onto the stage and addressed the frenzied mob.

"Hey, you drunken whores!" she yelled at them through the microphone. "Get away from those boys—now!"

The volume and intonation of her voice was enough to grab everyone's attention, but her usage of the term "drunken whores" made some of the women laugh.

"But they're so delicious!" said an elderly Sister, her face smeared with frosting.

"Get back to your seats or I'll take away those awards and every other privilege you own!"

All the women stood completely still for a moment and looked at each other dumbly. Knowing full well that the Sisterhood leader would have no trouble fulfilling her threats, they slowly began to slink off, leaving behind a trail of thick, white frosting that clung to their hair, clothes, and shoes. As they retreated to their respective tables, what remained were two young men: one black, the other white, the others had run out the kitchen door. The black man was a bit larger than the white man, and far more muscular, so it was through his efforts that both men now rose to their feet, the remaining frosting falling of their bodies in big clumps. Both of their faces, however, were covered over with the sticky white substance, making their features indistinguishable.

"Holly," Lenore began. "This was supposed to be a surprise. My gift to you for doing such a wonderful job today and for showing us that results don't necessarily need to be obtained through punishment and humiliation." She paused briefly to wipe some frosting off her arm. "Of course, there's nothing wrong in that either."

Some of the Sisters laughed at her comment, but not all.

"In any event, I hope you will enjoy the rest of the evening. And as for the rest of you unruly bitches, leave those boys alone!"

Lenore turned to say something to Porky, whose exuberant expression indicated that he thought this whole affair more amusing than anyone, and then walked off the stage toward the nearest table of women. Once some sense of order had been restored, Porky began to lead the band in a rendition of "Moonlight Serenade," looking every now and then at the two disheveled statues dripping with frosting and laughing heartily at the ridiculous sight.

As I began to walk back to my table with my aunt and the rest of our party, I felt a wet and sticky hand reach out to take mine and turned around sharply.

"What are you doing?" I demanded, pulling my hand away from the white boy.

Both he and the black man looked at me through the layers of frosting covering their faces and smiled.

"It's me, Holly," the white man said, stepping forward. "It's Craig."

************


Marge Davis sat back in her chair and chuckled. She loved the new machine Angelique had purchased recently from a company in Denmark that specialized in such fiendishly erotic devices as the "Chastiser" and the "Sperm Eradicator II". This most recent addition to the company's line of sex machinery was really nothing more than a standard penis-pumping device: a fiberglass cylinder with soft rubber lips at one end that was fitted over the penis and operated by remote control. The contoured lips, mimicking a human mouth, hugged the base of the shaft and could be retracted via a pair of hydraulic arms set inside the cylinder, thus producing the sensation one might experience from an intense blowjob. Angelique had informed Marge that no man who had worn the device had ever left it empty.

But the thing that differentiated this current model from its predecessors was the addition of a specially formulated cream that exuded from the tiny pores in the lips themselves—all at the touch of a button, keeping the penis erect for hours and providing for almost total hands-free operation. No more did the mistress have to spend time removing the device after a certain amount of time to grease her slave's penis. Now she could attend to other more important matters while the victim was relentlessly milked for hours on end. And the best thing about this device was that it contained a built-in sensor that could accurately gauge if a penis was about to ejaculate. Detecting this, the machine could slow itself down or completely shut itself off, depending on the settings chosen, and would sound a simultaneous warning beep to alert the mistress that a rest period was in order.

This particular device, now in quiet operation on the naked man sitting closest to Marge, was called FISTED (Fully Integrated Sucking and Teasing Ejaculation Device), but Angelique lovingly referred to it as "hot lips". She had taught Marge how to use the machine during experiments she had conducted several days earlier on some of the more hopeful candidates for the "Long Shots" contest. Marge had grown so fond of "hot lips" that she and Angelique would sit in the training rooms of the Masturbatorium for hours, holding their own series of private contests to see what man could last the longest under the effects of the wickedly pleasurable device before watching him surrender the creamy contents of his balls into the cylinder. It had almost become a pastime for the brazen blonde girl and her impeccably dressed English lady friend. And now with the contest only a mere two weeks away, their attempts to sponsor a champion was growing more and more remote.

"All over my fucking clothes!" Angelique complained loudly as she entered the room where Marge was busy controlling three separate hot lips devices at once.

"What in bloody hell happened to you?" the Sister remarked with a surprised look.

"What do you think?" Angelique replied, showing the woman her skirt and blouse. "He fucking creamed me!"

Great blotches of sperm dotted her clothes, and she cursed as she made her way gingerly toward the sink. "It's the old hot lips machines. They're useless. In the middle of lubing him up his cock shot off. We've got to get rid of them."

Marge watched the frustrated girl wash her hands and arms, which had also received a sizeable portion of semen.

"I mean it's not as if we can't afford them," Angelique continued. "These new ones are so much better."

"I think so," Marge said, fondling a button on one of the devices, which in turn made one of the men groan. "See that? You don't have move from your chair and there's never any danger of getting splashed."

"That's fine with me!" Angelique noted, as another series of groans emanated from the group of men.

When she was done washing up, Angelique took one of the devices from Marge and sat down beside her. She played with a few of the buttons, increasing the speed at which the hydraulic arms moved back and forth over the slave's penis.

"How does that feel Jacques? You worthless piece of shit!"

Jacques LaSalle looked at Angelique but could not reply. His mouth had been taped shut and his hands and legs had been locked into restraints that prevented him from moving to any appreciable degree. The other two men had been treated the same way. They were all submissive men, and Angelique knew this. But as it was only she and Marge in the Masturbatorium tonight, with all the Sisterhood attending the dinner party, she felt it incumbent upon her to take precautionary measures to assure their safety. Not that she was overly concerned that the men might get out of hand, but Jacques was a fairly moody guy, and his reactions could not always be guaranteed.

"As sick as this sounds," the girl began with a sarcastic drawl, "you three are the last ones left. It's pathetic."

"Yes, quite pathetic," Marge agreed.

"And do you assholes know why it's so pathetic?" Angelique asked them, but addressing herself to Jacques in particular. "It's pathetic because right now I know of at least two other guys who can do far better than any of you. So, if you want to compete, you better be the last to cum."

Marge saw the resolution in Angelique's face and knew the moment had come to put these men to the test. "Let's do it," she said, her hands on the controls of both remote devices.

"Okay, let's get these fuckers off. Set it for the highest speed and let's see what happens."

Angelique took her remote control and keyed in a number on the digital interface.

"Ready?" she said to Marge.

"Ready," Marge replied.

"Remember," Angelique said to her nervous and naked victims, "you guys have five minutes. Whoever can last five minutes gets to compete."

With that, she and Marge put all three machines into full-speed mode.

The two women laughed as the hydraulic arms moved up and down at a very rapid pace, causing the men's bodies to jerk back and forth at the intrusion upon their genitals. The tiny motors that were incorporated into these devices whirred softly as they drove the metal arms back and forth, forcing the well-lubricated lips to perform like a human mouth, with all the attendant oral pleasures it provided. One of the men, a small, wiry specimen with curly hair, was finding it difficult not to thrust his hips back and forth in an attempt to fuck the cylinder. This, however, was impossible, since his restraints prevented him from moving his torso in any but the most limited way, increasing his frustration while providing entertainment for the two women.

"I'll bet you'd like to fuck that thing, you fucking pervert!" Angelique laughed.

The man seemed to pay her no attention; all of his focus now being upon his cock and the tremendous need to ejaculate. 

"I love to watch these bastards squirm," Marge giggled as she extended her legs out before her. "Look at this guy," she said to Angelique, noting the man next to Jacques who looked like he was in pain. "Oh, he's not going to last much longer, I can tell you that!"

Marge had always had an uncanny notion of being able to predict the exact moment of a man's ejaculation. This fascinated Angelique, who herself could never rightly determine when, or even if, a guy was about to cum or not. She would never admit this to anyone of course because that would be a declaration of weakness. Instead, she would guess when the moment of ejaculation would commence, and she was, incredibly, often right.

"Gee, Jacques, you're holding up pretty well," Angelique said, bending forward to take a closer look. "But you," she said to the man in the middle, "you look like your going to cream any second."

The man in the middle was at least 20 years older than his counterparts. Angelique figured him to be in his early 40s: a married man with six kids who had fallen upon hard times and was looking for a way out of his misery by attempting to become the next "Long Shots" champion. She didn't think it was going to be his year.

"Time?" Angelique asked Marge.

"Going on one minute," the woman replied, looking at her watch.

Angelique watched the man's balls rise upwards to caress the underside of his penis and giggled.

"I don't think you're going to make it Louis," she observed.

"Right now!" Marge concurred.

No sooner had the words escaped her lips than Louis' prick started to shoot out long strands of sticky white sperm. Marge and Angelique reacted with joy as the man's cock ejaculated uncontrollably, sending rope after rope of white-hot sperm careening into the sides of the cylinder. He looked like he was having a heart attack.

"No wonder you have so many fucking kids!" Angelique squealed. "You're a premature ejaculator!"

The two women doubled over with laughter as Louis continued to coat the walls of the device with his sticky spunk.

Now it was between Jacques and the little, curly-haired man.

Bertrand, or "Bernie," as he liked to be called, was a man in his early twenties and had worked alongside Jacques as one of the laborers on the Anjou vineyard. He was a rather cute-looking man but very insecure with women. Of course, Angelique loved to humiliate men like this, and she relished the thought of laying into him.

"You little prick," she said to Bernie as he fought valiantly to prevent his ejaculation. "It's no use trying to fight it. I can see that your balls are full. Shoot it out for me. Shoot out all that nasty semen."

Not wanting to let Jacques off the hook either, Marge held her open fist in front of the sweating man and moved it back and forth, mocking him.

"Wouldn't you rather have my hand pulling on your big schlong?" she teased him. "Come on you bloody bastard! Give me your sperm!"

Jacques closed his eyes and turned his face away, trying to block out the offending vision. He wanted desperately not to ejaculate because he really enjoyed being humiliated in this way: at the hands of two beautiful women whom he knew he could never possess. The very thought that they were forever beyond his reach is what made his humiliation so powerful, and he wanted to keep reliving this experience in whatever myriad forms it took, so that he would be deemed worthy to remain in the wicked women's service: adoring them, serving them, worshipping them. He would continue to work in the vineyards for low pay just so he could be their human footstool. No other kind of existence was possible for him.

"How much time?" Angelique inquired.

"Three minutes left."

The machines continued to move up and down the fleshy terrain of the men's penises while the special lubricant worked its magic. Both men were fighting hard not to cum, their eyes shut tight as if trying to imagine anything else than the image of the incessant milking machine that was working hard to rob them of their vital juices. Another thirty seconds went by and both women took bets on who would be the first to relinquish his load.

"The little shit is going to lose it first," Angelique said confidently as she watched for the telltale rise in the little man's balls.

"I bet you a hundred francs that your foreman cums first," Marge said.

But as she said these words, it was apparent that Angelique had guessed correctly.

Bernie was losing the battle. Unable to withstand the constant stroking of his cock, the semen of which had not been allowed to be released for almost seven days by his giggling tormentors, he surrendered himself to the overwhelming pleasurable sensations of the whirring machine and fell back in his chair.

"Here it comes," Marge said, knowing she had lost the bet.

"Balls up and in," Angelique laughed. "Sperm up and out."

As if in dutiful obeisance to the willful girl's observation, Bernie's body froze as his prick reared back and fired out several salvos of milky semen, the spurts hitting the far end of the cylinder one after the other.

"Ha!" Angelique said clapping her hands. "I won!"

Marge said nothing, but she continued to watch Bernie shoot his cum, delighted that the cylinder was now almost half full.

"What a fucking huge load for such a little man!" she said, almost praising him.

Angelique was happy that she had predicted correctly and asked Marge the time.

"Five minutes…now!"

"Excellent!" Angelique exclaimed.

She moved in closer to Jacques, who was now on the verge of orgasm himself.

"There may be hope for you yet mother fucker!" she said to him, her voice dripping with disdain.

In response, the handsome young man delivered the most powerful cumshot of his life, the jets of his lust splashing about inside the cylinder as if they had a mind of their own, demanding release from the confines of their artificial prison.

"You fucking pig! You filthy pervert!" Angelique laughed, as the creamy semen coated the bottom and sides of the cylinder, filling it up to near capacity with his lustful offering.

"I think we may have a winner here," Marge remarked as Jacques' orgasm slowly began to subside.

Angelique turned off the device and sat admiring the almost full cylinder of sperm.

"Maybe," she replied. "But all we did was weed out the best of a bad lot. I think we may need a secret weapon."

Marge turned both her remote control units off and placed them on the counter behind her. "What secret weapon?"

"Not what…who," Angelique smiled as she got up and walked toward the door.

Marge looked at her friend expecting further clarification, but sensing none was forthcoming, she shrugged and got up.

"What about them?" Marge asked.

"Leave them here. We'll come back for them in the morning."

Marge followed her friend out without a word.

"Goodnight, you sick fucks," the hateful blonde girl said as she turned off the lights and closed the door.

************


What should have been for me a very interesting "entertainment" (or so Lenore had called it) the night before had turned into a fiasco. My mentor had apologized to me profusely during breakfast, claiming that the event had been spoiled by some Sisterhood members who were not wholly appreciative of my so-called "leftist" approach to the treatment of Mr. Villon. With a promise to me that she would make things "right," she and my aunt had Jake drive them to a new, upscale boutique in Paris where I was to meet them later in the afternoon.

After I had recovered from the initial shock of seeing Craig Lundquist and his friend, Barney Cole, appear from behind a patina of cake frosting, I had to fight very hard to keep from laughing in their faces at their unusual predicament. The only two remaining survivors of the frenzied attack upon the pastry float, both men looked completely ridiculous as they tried to appear nonchalant while covered from head to toe in frosting. Barney, despite his Herculean appearance, looked the more ridiculous of the two, as his huge, lumbering frame strode back and forth across the dance floor like a black colossus caked in white mud, his magnificent body the recipient of one too many pies.

Craig, after hastily expressing his regrets that Lenore's little surprise had turned to naught, excused himself and headed to the men's room with Barney to get cleaned up. That was the last I saw of him.

"What is it with Craig anyway?" I had said to my aunt on the way home as she, Lenore, and I stretched out in the back of Jake's limousine. "Why did he just disappear?"

Without a moment's hesitation my aunt replied. "He felt foolish of course."

"Of course," Lenore agreed. "All those men were made to look like a bunch of fools."

"You call them fools?" I retorted. "It's the women who behaved more like fools to me."

Lenore laughed. "That's true. Those idiots ruined my entire presentation. But the men, you're Craig as well, had to suffer the humiliation of looking like a walking piece of cake!"

"You have to admit, Holly, that it was quite funny," my aunt chuckled.

"Funny or not, I just wish he made some attempt to talk to me. I'm beginning to think he doesn't like me much."

"Oh, that's absurd!" Lenore countered. "I think he is just a little shy around you. That's all."

"That's what I think it is, too," my aunt said. "Don't worry. He'll come around if he's interested. And what man in his right mind wouldn't be interested in such a beautiful girl like you?"

For the duration of the ride home the two of them tried to offer me some measure of solace, but I was feeling comfortable in my misery and wouldn't allow anything they said to cheer me up. And so I went to sleep feeling dejected and unlovable, and far more removed from the object of my desire than ever before.

I found out during breakfast that Angelique had taken her car into Paris to meet up with some of her friends. My aunt said nothing more than that; her silence on the subject reflecting her unwillingness to discuss her daughter at all costs. Lenore, too, kept any observations she might have had to herself, sensing that my aunt was not in the mood to broach the issue.

I met my aunt and Lenore at the "Salon de Paris" at 4:00 PM. The small but fashionable shop was located just off the rue du Cologne, several miles away from the Le Boeuf sur le Toit restaurant. Jake had returned to the estate to pick me up, according to my aunt's instructions, and he smiled as he opened the car door for me.

"You know what they're planning for me don't you?" I asked him as I got out of the car.

"I'm not allowed to say, Ms. McKenzie," he replied, taking my hand.

"Not even a hint?"

He shook his head. "I'm sorry."

"Well, as long as there's no pastry involved…"

He looked at me dully as he escorted me to the door of the shop and then said goodbye and drove off.

The front of the shop consisted of a large main area in which the bulk of the women's apparel was displayed. A small archway at the far end of the room led into another similar-looking area that featured ladies' accessories and jewelry and some novelty items. In the far corners on either side of this room were two smaller archways where I presumed the stock was kept. Two fitting rooms, one in the front and the other in the back of the store, were in use, and a bunch of ladies' garments were draped over each door.

As I walked toward the cashier's counter to my right, an attractive older woman dressed in a black, short-sleeve blouse and matching pants walked over to me and asked me if I needed any help. She was rather thin and smallish, somewhere in her late 50s, whose black hair, streaked with gray, was pulled back into a bun. Her fine, but weathered, features indicated that in her youth she must have been a great beauty. I was at first a bit put off by her stern-looking appearance and almost patronizing attitude, but she warmed up right away once I told her who I was and the reason for my visit.

"It is a pleasure to have you in my shop," she began in fluent English. "Lenore and the others are expecting you." She pointed toward the archway. "Please go in."

I thanked her and walked into the back room where I found some women talking excitedly as they examined the merchandise. Even before they noticed me, I could hear my aunt's voice rising above the others as they picked and prodded their way through the assortment of clothes and accessories. Whatever they were doing, it was providing them with a great deal of amusement.

"Oh, here she comes now!" I heard someone say.

Suddenly their voices dropped to a whisper.

"Okay, Okay," another voice said. "Turn around! Turn around!"

The women turned to face me all at once.

"Surprise!" they shouted in unison.

At that very moment a handsome, young, blonde boy stepped out from amongst them and bowed as they laughed and applauded.

"I don't believe this!" I exclaimed.

"You want him? You got him!" my aunt laughed. "He's all yours!"

I couldn't believe what I was seeing. There in the midst of all those smiling faces, and wearing the biggest grin of all, stood Craig Lundquist, dressed in jeans, sneakers, and a blue tee shirt. The women were holding wine glasses in their hands and seemed to have been drinking for quite a while, judging by the inordinate amount of attention they seemed to be paying him. He brushed a long clump of hair away from his face and approached me.

"Hi Holly," he said. "Your aunt said you needed some cheering up. So…here I am."

I was so surprised to see him that all I could do was stare at him with a dumb look on my face.

"Well say something to him, Holly," my aunt said. "Aren't you glad to see Craig?"

I suddenly felt a hand upon my shoulder and turned around to see the proprietor standing behind me.

"Oh, you two!" the woman said, directing her comment to both my aunt and Lenore. "You are full of surprises aren't you? First you surprise the girl last night and now again here with this young man. It's no wonder she is confused."

The woman placed a glass in my hand, filled halfway with red wine.

"Go ahead and drink," she said to me. "These people will make more sense to you when you are a little under its influence."

"Just that one glass, Sylvie," my aunt warned the woman. "She's like me. Neither of us can hold our liquor very well."

"Oh, never mind about that!" Lenore said. "So, what do you think, Holly? I told you I would make things right."

"Yes, Lenore, you did," I replied, never taking my eyes off Craig. "But why did you leave last night?" I asked him. "You didn't even say goodnight."

He looked down at the floor and gave a little shrug.

"I have to apologize for that," he said. "Barney and I were really embarrassed after what happened so we decided to just go back to our hotel."

"See?" Lenore said to me. "Didn't I tell you that he was embarrassed?"

"And we were all full of frosting," he continued. "I mean it was even in my underwear."

This admission brought a few giggles from the ladies.

"It was very uncomfortable," he said, shifting his weight onto one leg. "All I could think of was getting home to take a shower."

I did not have much difficulty in imaging what his body must have looked like as the layers of frosting were swept away under the spray of water.

"I hope you don't think less of me for it," he concluded.

"I don't think less of you," I said, "now that I understand how you must have felt. I'm just glad it wasn't something I said or did."

He laughed. "Oh, no way! I think you're really cool, you know. I was hoping we could hang out and do some stuff."

"You two can hang out all you want but not before I give you your gift," Lenore said, taking me by the arm. "Sylvie, I want you to assist Holly with her selections and then I want a modeling session."

"You don't have to buy me anything, Lenore," I said. "Passing the test was reward in itself."

"That may be. But this is my way of saying 'thank you'. Indulge me."

"But it's not necessary," I protested.

"Holly," Justine interrupted. "Indulge her."

I was just about to complain yet again when I was preempted by the two strange women, who now found it expedient to second Lenore's motion. Lenore introduced them to me as Astrid and Chantal, two friends of hers from her college days. Both of them were members of the Sisterhood.

Astrid was a tall, lithe woman with long brown hair and very white skin that almost seemed opaque. She wasn't a very pretty woman but she had a most playful personality, encouraging me to "take Lenore for everything she's got." She had to be at least 40 years old but acted much more like a juvenile than any woman her age I had ever met. Chantal was a different story. Possessed of medium height, smart, sophisticated, and dressed in a navy blue business suit, she radiated confidence, intelligence, and demureness. She seemed to be as old as Astrid in appearance, but there was nothing juvenile in her attitude. Her short, honey blonde hair was styled in an unflattering masculine fashion, which gave her an almost androgynous appearance, despite her attractive features.

"You must never look a gift horse in the mouth," she said to me. "Lenore told me what you did the other day. I'd say you earned it."

Astrid drowned the contents of her wine glass and patted me on the shoulder. "I wish the old woman would offer to buy me an expensive dress like that!"

It was apparent that Astrid had had a little too much to drink, but her statement did not seem to bother Lenore.

"When you do something equally wonderful," the Sisterhood leader told the tipsy woman, "you'll be similarly rewarded. "Now, come on, Holly. I want you to model some outfits for us. Get going."

My aunt threw me a kiss, telling me to pick out something smart and sexy.

"Smart and sexy," Estelle agreed. "Go for it, Holly!"

At this point even Craig was encouraging me to accept Lenore's gift.

"Can't beat the price," he sensibly remarked.

Before I had a chance to retort, Sylvie grabbed my arm and whisked me away into the main area, telling me to pick out whatever outfits appealed to my fancy.

"Don't worry about it," she said. "Lenore is picking up the tab. Buy whatever you want."

"Whatever I want?"

"Carte blanche," she smiled, as she pointed to some dresses on one of the racks. "Here are some of my latest creations. Try on whatever appeals to you."

I slowly spun the rack around. "These are yours?" I asked, admiring the selection.

"Everything in this store was designed by me," she replied proudly.

I carefully looked over the inventory, amazed to see that each dress was nothing less than a work of art unto itself. And even more amazing was the price of these original creations.

"But this dress alone," I said, as I pulled a stunning white satin gown off the rack and showed it to her, "is 3,800 Euros. That's what? About $5,000? I can't ask her to pay that kind of money."

"Please mademoiselle. Do not insult your friend or me by making money an issue. It is a gift. Accept it as graciously as the spirit in which it is given."

"I do accept it graciously," I replied. "But I don't want to take advantage."

Sylvie threw her hands up in the air. "Take advantage! When someone offers to buy you such a gift, you take advantage. Now go and model some dresses for them and choose one that appeals to you—but just one. You don't want to take too much advantage after all."

She spent several minutes helping me with my selections and then announced to everyone that I would soon be coming out to model the first in a series of dresses I had chosen.

"The shop is officially closed as of now," I heard her tell them as I was getting dressed in the fitting room. "Holly will be out momentarily to show off some of my latest designs." This announcement was greeted by a round of cheers. "How are we doing with the wine?"

"We could use a few more bottles," my aunt replied.

The first outfit I modeled for them was a lovely black, satin, tube dress with a simple ruffled hem that hugged my body like a leotard. As I walked from the main room into the back room where they were congregated, I was greeted with several catcalls and whistles. Craig just stood there open-mouthed.

"Wow!" was all he could say, as his eyes followed my every move.

"You look simply stunning!" my aunt said.

Everyone seemed to agree.

"I have never seen anyone look so good in this dress," Sylvie said, admiring me. "It was made for you, Holly."

I took a look at myself in the full-length mirror and liked what I saw.

"It makes me look so thin," I noted with pleasure.

"You're already thin," Lenore said. "It makes you look elegant."

"Sexy," my aunt chimed in.

"Thin, elegant, and sexy," Justine added.

"Wow!" Craig said again.

I tried on several more dresses in succession, at one point surrendering my better judgment to Sylvie, who insisted that I should model a pink chiffon dress that made me look more like a prom queen than the sleek, sexy woman I was trying to portray. But it was the dress I had tried on first, the black, satin gown, which got the highest approval rating.

"Thank you, Lenore," I said when I returned from the fitting room. "You are way too generous."

"Nonsense. You're going to need a new gown to wear to your aunt Phoebe's indoctrination ceremony. It's only three weeks away you know."

"Oh, that's right, I forgot," I said, suddenly remembering that my aunt had imparted this information to me weeks earlier. "But I thought you were already a full-fledged Sister aunt Phoebe."

"I am," she replied. "But the Sisterhood has certain rituals that everyone must observe. I can't say anymore in mixed company."

She stole a glance at Craig, making it clear that we should drop the subject.

After all the details of the purchase of the dress had been attended to, Sylvie asked us if we would like to go downstairs so that she could show us her workshop, to which we all readily agreed. The tiny, creaking, wooden staircase led down into a cool, almost dank, but well-lit room with a cement floor and overhead florescent lights. Along either side of the room stood two, long, wooden tables that contained a wide array of various fabrics and patterns. In the far corner sat two girls with short, blonde hair busily sewing garments together on their electronic sewing machines. They were twins, about eighteen or nineteen years old and very pretty. When they saw us come down they looked up from their work momentarily but said nothing. For a while, only the buzz of the machines could be heard.

"These are my grandchildren, Julie and Juliette," Sylvie announced with pride. "Everything you see upstairs was made by them. Your dress, too, Holly."

Sylvie ordered the girls to stop sewing and to quit their work for the day. After they had been formally introduced to us, Sylvie asked them to retrieve some items from the refrigerator in an adjoining room.

"Bring out some Brie and fruit and set it up on the table for our guests," she said to the twins. "A few more bottles of wine too. Make one of them white."

Both girls promptly left the room to do her bidding. I noticed that both of them, although friendly and polite, were not very talkative. I thought the handsome young boy standing next to me might be the cause of their shyness and was proven right when I caught the two of them staring at him and giggling intermittently. I could hear their giggles even from the adjoining room.

The girls returned a few minutes later with a few bottles of wine, a huge bowl of fruit, and a plate of cheese and bread. Chairs were spread out around one of the tables and Sylvie invited all of us to sit down and eat.

A little way into our meal and Sylvie, who had been eyeing Craig now and then, finally struck up a conversation with him.

"You know Craig," she began, "besides my late husband and my son in law, I think you are the only other man I've ever allowed in this workshop."

Craig seemed impressed by this. "Thank you for inviting me, ma'm. It's a…a real nice place. Good cheese too."

Sylvie laughed. "That's a man for you. Always his mind on the food."

"Or sex," Astrid quipped.

"Yes, sex," Sylvie agreed. "Feed them and fuck them, eh?"

All of us laughed at her comment, but I had never gotten used to hearing an older women use such untoward language, and I found it especially odd that she would use such a word in front of Julie and Juliette.

"May I ask how you came to know this group of hedonists?" she asked Craig while looking directly at my aunt and Lenore.

"It's a long story," he replied, biting off a mouthful of bread. "Kind of a weird story, too."

"Oh, that's fine. I love to hear weird stories."

"Well," he began, "this doctor back in Sweden, Dr. Swensen…she created a drug to help men with…well, with erection problems…"

He was interrupted just then by the twins, who seemed to find this information amusing and giggled loudly.

"Now, hold on," he said, defending himself. "I don't have that problem, okay? I got the drug illegally and was using it to enhance my…"

At this point he stopped and shook his head.

"I really don't think this is appropriate," he said, looking at the two young girls sitting across from him who seemed to be hanging on his every word.

"No, please," Sylvie insisted. "My girls are adults. They understand everything about sex. More than you probably. Finish your story."

I could tell that Craig's inherent shyness was going to be somewhat of an obstacle, but he persevered nonetheless.

"See, this drug—it's called 'EJAX-472'—is a drug that increases male fertility. It helps the man to produce more sperm."

"More sperm?" Sylvie asked incredulously. "Don't they produce enough of it already?"

Everyone found this comment amusing.

"Not the men with fertility problems. Without the drug they can't ever hope to have kids."

"But how did you get your hands on it?"

"It was stolen from the doctor's laboratory, and the dude who stole the stuff sold it to the doctor's sister's husband."

"Bonnie Olmstead," my aunt interjected. "She's an acquaintance of mine. My daughter Angelique and I visited her recently at her home in Stockholm."

"So the woman Bonnie…her husband…"

"Philip," Craig said.

"He sold you the drug and you actually took it?"

"Yes."

"And what happened to you?"

Craig hesitated for a moment.

"Please," Sylvie said. "You don't have to be shy around us."

"Well…several things started to occur. My sperm count went through the roof and… I found I could ejaculate really far."

"Really?" Sylvie asked, her interest piqued by this piece of news. "How far?"

"About ten to fifteen feet."

The twins exploded with laughter. I thought Sylvie herself was going to fall off her chair. Having seen both Craig and Barney perform such ejaculatory feats only recently at the Masturbatorium, neither Lenore, my aunt, nor I found this statement particularly difficult to accept. However, Astrid and Chantal, although not laughing, were stupefied at Craig's revelation.

"I've never heard of such a thing in my life!" Chantal exclaimed.

"Ask Ms. Anjou. She was there. She saw it," Craig said.

"Is this true, Phoebe?" Sylvie asked, totally bemused.

"Yes, it's true," my aunt replied flatly. "I was at Bonnie's house when Craig, his friend Barney, and even Bonnie's husband Philip, himself, gave us a demonstration. They were all under the influence of the drug."

Sylvie frowned. "I find this hard to believe. What kind of demonstration did they give?"

"It was something Bonnie cooked up for Dr. Swensen's birthday party. All the men wound up ejaculating in one way or another. It was actually quite enjoyable."

The twins looked at one another and snickered.

"And you say these incredible ejaculations were all due to the effects of this EJAX drug?"

"Yes," my aunt replied.

"In all my years in the Sisterhood I've never seen a man shoot his sperm more than three of four feet at most."

Lenore toyed with a piece of fruit on her plate, looking pensive. "But then you haven't been to a meeting in many years have you? We've since developed some methods of our own to increase a man's ejaculatory abilities. In fact, that's how the 'Long Shots' contest got started."

"I've heard of this contest," Sylvie acknowledged. "And this time I am going to attend. And Julie and Juliette are coming too."

Both girl's faces immediately lit up.

"If they have any aspirations of becoming Sisters," Justine said, "now is the time to acquaint them with our practices."

"It was my fault," Sylvie admitted. "My business took over my life. And I've worked these two darlings half to death in the process. But that is going to change."

"I'm glad to hear that," Lenore said. "We've missed you at our meetings."

Estelle seconded her superior's sentiments. "I think you'll be fascinated at how far along the Sisterhood has progressed during your absence," she said to Sylvie. "It will be nice to have you back."

For the next half hour Lenore and the others brought Sylvie up to date on the Sisterhood. She listened attentively to what they had to say, often responding with surprise when she was told of certain programs my aunt had instituted under the banner of the "Philanthropic Society," which acted as a non-profit organization for the benefit of young French people. She also found it immensely amusing to learn that there were many new devices that had been incorporated into the Sisterhood rituals—unusual and prototypical devices that were designed with the specific intention of controlling men.

"It can do that?" she blurted out at one point upon learning what an 'Extractinator' could do.

"It sounds positively diabolical," Chantal commented.

"We have yet to use it," Lenore said. "But we shall soon."

The wine flowed freely throughout our conversation. My aunt, despite her earlier observation to Sylvie that she had to limit her liquor consumption, completely ignored her own prohibition and indulged herself without constraint. Whether she drank because she felt comfortable in the presence of her friends, or whether her impropriety was due to some underlying symptom related to her recent estrangement from Angelique, she paid no heed to my warnings to stop drinking and, in fact, encouraged me to drink along with the rest of them.

Craig was not immune from the friendly, yet insistent, demands of my aunt either. Each time his wine glass was emptied, she would fill it up again. He would protest, but his good-natured attitude would not allow him to refuse her. After several glasses of wine, he was quite giddy, and I had to step in on his behalf, even as my aunt was ready to pour him another glass.

"No more aunt Phoebe," I insisted. "I want to spend some time together with him and I'd prefer he wasn't drunk."

"Nobody's drunk around here," she said, putting down the bottle.

"You are!" I said. "Please stop."

At first she looked offended, but then her face quickly softened when she saw how upset I was.

"I am not drunk, Holly," she said, making certain to pronounce every word succinctly. "I am just feeling…good!"

"But she's right, Phoebe," Lenore said. "You can't hold your liquor. And I don't want you getting sick. Lay off."

I don't know if my concern over her self-indulgence was what prevented her from drinking further, or if it was Lenore's admonition, but my aunt pushed her glass of wine away and didn't touch another drop during the remainder of the time we were there. Sylvie encouraged her to eat some bread, which she did, to help alleviate the effects of the alcohol. However, by this time everyone, including myself, had had enough to drink so that our conversation began to focus upon other, more intimate, subjects.

It was the twins, whose silence the wine and my persistence had finally managed to conquer, who suddenly began dominating the conversation, the lascivious context of which was avidly pursued by these two unlikely candidates. I expected Sylvie to be surprised by their casual sexual banter and uncharacteristic loquaciousness, but she obviously was accustomed to such behavior because she didn't seem in the least bit bothered by it. In fact, it was Sylvie who encouraged them to talk openly about the outrageous experiences that took place in their store. The girls related several stories to us, one more ribald than the next, and I found myself both amused and enthralled by what they had to tell.

"You would be surprised how many famous people have come walking into our boutique," Julie announced. "They come from all over the world. Celebrities, movie stars, musicians… We even get men sometimes."

"I thought this store only sold women's clothes," Craig said.

"Yes, it's true that we sell mainly women's apparel, but we get the occasional order for men's clothing too."

"Like what?" I asked.

"Well, like business suits, shirts, and some novelty items."

"Novelty items?"

"Yes, we supply some of our Parisian distributors with a special line of men's bikini briefs, thongs…"

"Thongs?" Craig interrupted her. "You make men's thongs here?"

"Once in a while, yes. But they are usually ordered as a specialty item. We don't make a lot of money on such things."

"Would you like to see some?" Juliette asked him.

"Yes, miss, if you don't mind."

"I don't mind at all," she said cheerily.

As Juliette went to retrieve the items of clothing, Julie related a very lewd story to us involving one famous American actor who had come into the store looking for a dress for his equally famous American mistress who had accompanied him on his quest.

"He was very handsome," Julie recalled. "Better looking in person than on the movie screen. He had the woman try on about a dozen…"

"Twenty one," Sylvie said, correcting her.

"Yes, that's right. Twenty-one different dresses, and he bought every one of them for her. Finally she sees this black negligee and tries it on and she looks…beautiful. She's so happy that she takes him by the hand and leads him into the fitting room. And there they proceed to have sex. How do you like that?"

"And how do you know they were having sex?" Justine asked. "Maybe they were just kissing and being playful."

"No, they were having sex. I know because we have a tiny camera placed in each stall to make sure no one steals anything. And after they left, we found some semen stains on the bench."

Astrid paused in the midst of biting into a slice of cheese. "You mean he fucked here right there in the stall?"

"Yes," Julie replied. "First he fucked her and then she sucked his penis."

"A slut like her probably has a lot of experience giving blowjobs. Are you sure she blew him?"

"Yes. That's how his semen got all over everything."

Lenore seemed titillated by this little vignette.

"And where were you when all this was going on?" she asked Sylvie.

"I was in the back room watching the whole thing on television."

"And you did nothing about it?" I asked her.

"What was I to do? The man already spent over $70,000 on her dresses. Was I going to tell him to get out?"

"If that happened in America, and he was found out, it would make the front pages in all the celebrity tabloids," I said.

Sylvie dismissed the whole idea with a wave of her hand.

"Your country is very backward when it comes to sex," she said. "Almost primitive…and hypocritical. It is the nature of mankind to behave so. It has always been that way and so it shall remain. Bon sang ne saurait mentir."

Lenore smiled. "I haven't heard that one in a long time."

"What does it mean?" I asked Sylvie.

"It means that: whatever is bred in the bone comes out in the flesh."

"Meaning that we can't help but act according to our nature?"

"It is the fundamental rule of all life. But you Americans are slow to learn it."

"Well, not all of us," my aunt laughed, as she took a mouthful of bread.

Juliette returned just then with a large cardboard box full of clothing. She put the box down on the table and began to remove items from it, describing each one as she held them up for all to see. I was amazed at the variety of men's bikini briefs she passed around to us. The array of colors and styles was vast.

"We sold a pair of these black bikinis to that guy who models for Calvin Klein. He's very popular now."

She passed the bikini brief to Craig and waited expectantly for his reaction.

"These are really nice," he said, running his hands over the satiny fabric.

Juliette smiled. "And what do you think of these?"

She handed Craig an emerald-green thong that looked like it was made to fit a young girl. The tiny bit of fabric seemed incapable of covering his ample equipment, yet he was quite enamored of it.

"I could definitely see myself in this," he said, excitedly.

"Do you like it?" she asked him.

"Oh yeah, they're all great. How much do you want for the green one?"

Juliette looked at Sylvie, unsure of how to answer him.

"Take it," Sylvie said to him. "It's a gift."

"I appreciate that ma'm but I don't feel right not giving you something for it."

"No, no, I insist. Enjoy it."

Craig grinned from ear to ear. "Thank you ma'm. I appreciate this very much. "I'm going to wear it on the beach tomorrow."

"I'll bet you will look very handsome in it," Juliette said.

Julie suddenly looked disappointed. "Yes, but we won't be able to see how it looks on him."

"My friend Barney and I will be spending some time in Ville-Lumière tomorrow. Then we're going to hang out at the Paris-Plage. Why don't you both come by and I'll model it for you?"

Juliette looked forlornly at Sylvie.

"You can't go to the beach," Sylvie said. "We have several rush orders going out tomorrow. I need both of you girls here all day."

The disgruntled twins heaved a heavy sigh and began to debate the issue with Sylvie, reminding her that she had recently promised them some time off.

"I need you here tomorrow," she said emphatically. "You can go to the beach the day after."

"I won't be in Paris the day after tomorrow," Craig said.

"I'm sorry girls," Sylvie told them. "There is nothing I can do."

I could see that both Julie and Juliette were greatly disappointed at being deprived of seeing Craig in a thong. I, myself, was anxious to see him in it, especially after getting a good glimpse of his magnificent body during the sessions attended by Dr. Swensen and her associate, Dr. Hellstrom, the latter of whom had so masterfully brought his huge penis to a thrilling climax.

I could still see the startled look on Angelique's face as the incredible burst of sperm, launched from Craig's tool with amazing force, flew out and over the heads of several rows of women, only to make contact with my cousin and I, soaking us both with its creamy effluence. The sight of Angelique spitting out huge globs of sticky semen from her mouth filled me with great pleasure, even while I, myself, was being similarly christened. She had always been averse to allowing any part of her body to come in contact with sperm, so much so that it had almost become an obsession. So, when it finally did happen, I had felt a tremendous sense of satisfaction.

As I recalled these events, I started to feel quite horny. Maybe it was my recollections, or maybe the wine, or both, but I had a strong desire to see Craig model his new thong, and I thought it would be nice to provide a thrill for the twins, who would otherwise not be able to enjoy seeing the outline of his giant prick trapped within the confines of the miniscule piece of fabric.

"Craig?" I said. "Maybe you could model the thong for us right here. If Sylvie doesn't mind of course."

"That's a great idea!" Julie said. "Please!"

"I have no objection to a handsome young man modeling for me," the older woman replied. "And I'm sure the rest of you don't either."

"What about it, Craig?" my aunt laughed. "How about giving us a show?"

Craig thought it over for a moment and then smiled. "I don't mind. I have to try it on before I get to the beach anyway and I'd appreciate a woman's point of view."

"Splendid!" Juliette said. "You can change in that room over there."

She escorted Craig to the room where she had retrieved the box full of clothing. As she closed the door behind him, she let out a giggle. "This is going to be so cool!"

It was obvious that, by this time, all of us were under the effects of the alcohol, and if not outright drunk, were at various points toward getting there. I was feeling especially randy, and I remembered experiencing a similar sensation when I had gotten high on marijuana during my sexual escapade with Delvin Wade and my trio of like-minded vixens.

Lenore and her friends were big wine drinkers, and therefore despite the large quantities consumed, they could tolerate its effects far better than most anyone else, with the exception of Sylvie. My aunt, like me, had to indulge herself slowly and over a long period of time to avoid drunkenness. I had already drunk three glasses and I was already way past my limit. I think that had I retained my complete sobriety, I probably would not have suggested to Craig that he model the thong. In fact, I'm sure I wouldn't have. Juliette's obvious interest in him would have compelled me to have abandoned my suggestion simply because I had felt a slight tinge of jealousy. In any case, the liquor had succeeded in suppressing my inhibitions to the point where all I could think of was how nice it was going to be to see that handsome boy in his brand-new, emerald-green thong.

"How are we doing in there, Craig?" Estelle called out.

Instead of receiving an answer, we heard the door open halfway, followed by the appearance of Craig's head.

"Is everybody ready?" he asked in a teasing tone of voice.

To the tumultuous applause and cheers of the group, he strolled out of the room with a big smile on his face, his spectacular body completely naked except for the small piece of cloth around his midsection. He walked slowly, almost lazily, toward us, as though he were a model on a runway, supremely confident that our attentions were directed solely on him.

Sylvie looked at him as though seeing him for the first time. As he passed by her she muttered something in French that sounded like a vulgar exclamation, but she could not take her eyes off him. He indeed looked like a god who had just stepped down from Mount Olympus—the "Apollo" of my recent dreams.

It was a particular thrill for me to watch the faces of the women at the table as he paraded around in front of them. I had seen him completely naked, as had my aunt, Lenore, Justine, and Estelle only recently at the Masturbatorium. For us, the image of the god-like Craig was familiar. But to see the open-mouthed and shocked expressions of Sylvie, Julie, and Juliette, as well as the wide-eyed stares of Astrid and Chantal, made me wish I had a video camera to record the event.

As Craig presented his body to each woman, hands would reach out to touch and admire the hard, unyielding muscles beneath the suntanned flesh. The twins more than anyone else, took great delight in running their fingers all over his chest and rippled abdomen, even assaulting his firm bottom with playful slaps as they laughed and teased him. At one point my aunt ran her hand under his thong to caress his ass while Lenore did the same on the opposite side. Everyone got a chance to fondle his body, including Sylvie, who, noticing that all the feminine attention he was receiving was causing the bulge in his thong to grow considerably, reached out and began to stroke his cock through the fabric. Now it was Craig's turn to be shocked.

"Oh, wow!" he exclaimed as he gently drew her hand away and headed toward me.

If he thought he was expecting safe harbor, he was wrong.

As he approached me, I immediately got up and threw my arms around him and kissed him passionately. This took him somewhat by surprise, but he yielded to my unexpected advances and we kissed for quite a long time while the women cheered around us. My mind and body were on fire, as were his, and as we continued to kiss, I could feel his penis become hard and erect. The most lascivious thoughts came rushing into my head; the first of which was to get him out of that flimsy thong as soon as possible.

"Take it off," I whispered hotly into his ear. "Let everybody see your big, fucking cock."

I know this surprised him, as my usual demure nature was now sublimated to the overwhelming influence of the wine and my increased libido. He pulled back from me a little and stared down into my eyes.

"Are you sure this is cool?" he asked, as I began to play with the strings of his thong.

"They'll love it, and so will I."

The other women saw what I was doing to him and began to encourage me in removing his thong.

"Go ahead," Lenore said to him. "Show the girls what's hanging between your legs."

Everyone laughed at her comment. She then told me to turn him around so they could watch me undress him.

"Take them off!" they chanted as Craig allowed me to remove the thong.

With a few deft hand movements, I had untied the strings holding his thong up and gently released my grip. The green cloth fell to the floor at his feet, exposing his proudly erect penis—all twelve and three quarters' inches of it—for all to see. As I have mentioned earlier, my aunt, Lenore, and their immediate Sisterhood friends had already seen Craig nude, so although they were delighted to once again make visual acquaintance with his impressive member, they didn't register nearly as much amazement upon seeing it as the other women. Between the gasps and moans, I heard a great deal of French spoken as the women tried to comprehend the size of the cock that was now pointing straight at them in all its obscene glory.

The first to utter something was Juliette, who, without taking her eyes of the monstrous penis, gave out a loud shriek followed by a hearty laugh.

"Tu parles!" she exclaimed.

Julie was just as mesmerized by the unyielding organ as her sister.

"Sauve qui peut!" the girl said aloud.

"Tu te rends compte?" I heard Chantal tell her friend.

Astrid was so astonished that she couldn't say a word. She just shook her head and laughed: her reaction to being confronted with something apparently beyond her experience.

Sylvie, surprisingly enough, managed to maintain her composure amidst the ruckus going on. She seemed mildly amused by the giant prick that bobbed in front of her with a gentle throbbing motion, as if it had a life of its own. She nodded in approval of the magnificent specimen, commenting favorably on its length, thickness, and its apparent beauty.

"It's a lovely penis," the gray-haired woman said, admiring it. "Vous nous feriez très plaisir si vous pouviez nous consacrer une soirée."

"What does that mean, ma'm?" Craig asked.

"It means 'we would be delighted if you could spend an evening with us.'"

My aunt laughed hysterically. "Oh, we're not letting him and that monstrosity out of our sight Sylvie. He's ours for the rest of the night!"

Sylvie nodded in agreement and moved her head in a bit closer to get a better look at Craig's penis.

"You trim your pubic hair," she said.

"Yes, ma'm, I do."

"In the shape of a triangle."

"Yes, ma'm."

She bent her head down further to look under his testicles. "I see you shave your balls too."

He smiled. "I guess I'm a little fastidious about my appearance down there."

"Why?" she asked with a smirk. "Are you expecting a lot of company?"

All of us howled at her jibe.

She then reached out her hand and cupped his balls, letting her fingers play with the smooth, taut flesh. Craig's penis twitched involuntarily.

"They're heavy," she remarked casually.

"Oh, Sylvie, stop torturing the boy," Lenore said.

Sylvie pulled her hand away and took a drink. I could tell she was extremely turned on by Craig's enormous equipment, but she managed to keep her composure.

"Come on, Craig," Justine said. "Get on the table and do a catwalk for us!"

Her suggestion was approved immediately. Now that the shock of seeing his penis had somewhat subsided, the women wanted him to put on a show for them.

"Go ahead," I said to him. "You're used to this stuff. Go for it."

Without hesitation he stepped up onto the long table where the women were seated and began to walk slowly, sensually, from one end to the other, every now and then rocking his hips back and forth to make his cock swing from side to side or up and down. Sometimes the women would try to grab his cock or balls as they came into proximity of these fleshy wonders, but even when they did manage to make contact, his erection never subsided.

Craig was having a ball. He danced, struck a few obscene poses, and even broke out singing, all to the lurid accompaniment of our out-of-control ranting. As I watched him dance, I realized that his performance was strictly motivated by a desire to please us and not because he felt he had to repay Sylvie for the gift of clothing. He was, like Mr. Villon, a shy creature, though not as shy as the recalcitrant Frenchmen, and possessed a similar craving to find acceptance in the service of women. It might seem incongruous to call him shy when he had, after all, taken an active part in the EJAX-472 experiments and the latest tryouts for the "Long Shots" contest. But as he danced and sang for us in all his naked splendor, it was clear that he possessed a burning motivation to win us over: a motivation so strong that it could conquer anything, even his shyness.

At the end of one particularly ribald song, Craig, now sweating and panting heavily, decided to call it quits and sat down at the head of the table, accompanied by an enthusiastic round of applause. He was seated far enough away so that all of us could see his genitals clearly. His penis, now flaccid, was no less impressive because of its lack of tumidity: its long, serpentine appearance compensating for the loss of his erection.

He asked for a glass of water and a towel, which Juliette hurriedly provided for him. I rubbed his body down with the towel as he took a long drink.

"God, you're hot!" I said, wiping his backside.

"It's those florescent lights," he said, looking up toward the ceiling.

"I wasn't referring to the lights."

He laughed. "Oh, thank you."

"Craig, that was marvelous," my aunt said. "You should have been a dancer."

"Thanks, Ms. Anjou. I'm glad you enjoyed it."

"You don't think anyone in this room didn't enjoy it, did you?" Lenore asked him. "You'd make a fortune as a male model, that's for damn sure."

"Yes," Julie agreed. "A fortune."

Craig was the center of attention for quite a while afterwards. And when the ladies had been satisfied as to the details of his personal background, the conversation turned to the subject of his wonderful penis and how it got to be so big.

"So you're saying it was the EJAX drug that enhanced your size?" Chantal asked him.

"That's right, miss," he replied. "It added about two inches to the length of my penis."

"And how long is it again? Twelve and…?"

"Twelve and three quarters," he stated proudly.

Astrid whistled loudly. "No offense, Craig, but I wouldn't want that thing inside of me!"

The women laughed. I could tell he was a little embarrassed, but he made light of it.

"I don't blame you," he said. "My ex-wife Cheryl and I got divorced because of it."

"She divorced you because of the size of your penis?" I asked him.

"She wouldn't let me make love to her. She always complained that it hurt too much."

Justine sighed heavily. "I can't say that I blame her. You are, after all, quite huge."

"Or maybe she was too small," I offered.

"Oh, come on, Holly!" she retorted. "Too small for that? You've got to be kidding!"

"No, no, wait a minute," Sylvie interjected. "Holly has a point. Most women's vaginas are capable of accepting a very big penis. It is possible that his ex-wife was very small, as she implies."

"I'm sorry," Astrid jumped in. "I think that even a normal vagina would have a problem with a cock that big. It can only stretch so much."

Sylvie found this humorous. "It can stretch enough to allow a baby to go through, so why not a penis?"

"That's right," Lenore agreed. "Have any of you ever heard of women having sex with horses? They manage to get the horse's penis inside of them, and Craig is not as big as a horse. Well…close to it maybe."

"But I should think it would hurt like hell," my aunt said with a grimace.

"Maybe at first of course," Sylvie said. "But then it would start to feel good after a little while. And then the woman would be begging for more, even after he was all the way inside her."

Estelle, studying Craig's cock from across the table, drew our attention to another fact.

"But then there's the matter of length isn't there?" she remarked. "Girth is one thing, but can a woman accommodate a foot-long dick in her vagina? I don't think I could."

Julie thought this statement very funny, and as she and her sister had a good laugh over it, I noticed that Craig was once more beginning to get hard.

"Look who's poking his head up again," I said, staring down at his partial erection.

"It's getting big all by itself!" Julie giggled.

"That's because of all this sex talk," Juliette observed.

Craig looked down at his steadily growing erection and chuckled. "It does tend to have a mind of its own."

We all watched in fascination as his cock slowly, inexorably, continued its ascent, combating the force of gravity to reach an elevation of roughly forty-five degrees, a noteworthy achievement considering the weight and mass of his penis. After the high he had experienced during his dance, simply sitting around naked in front of us was beginning to make him feel a bit self-conscious. And now with his penis once again insinuating itself upon us, he was clearly embarrassed.

"I'm sorry ladies," he said to us. "I think I'd better go and put my clothes on now."

Just as he was about to rise, Lenore suddenly spoke up.

"You stay right there, Mr. Lundquist," she said good-naturedly, "and let us girls admire that gorgeous dick of yours!"

Everyone seemed to share her view because we all began talking at once, urging him to remain naked so that we could enjoy looking at the tumescent marvel between his legs. The twins were especially vociferous about wanting to keep his naked body in full view, and Julie, in particular, seemed anxious to ask him some questions.

"I'll be happy to tell you anything you want," he said, looking especially cheerful now that he was acting in accordance with the wishes of the women with whom he sought to please.

"I just wanted to know if it hurts sometimes," Julie said. "You know, like when you walk."

"You mean when my cock rubs against my clothes?"

"Yes. Does if feel uncomfortable because it's so big?"

"No, not at all," Craig replied. "In fact I often get aroused because of the friction. But it never hurts."

"Do you get aroused in public too?" Juliette asked.

"All the time. It can be really inconvenient, but there's not much I can do about it unless I happen to be near a bathroom, or I'm at home."

"Why's that?"

"Well, I can take care of it…you know."

The twins looked at each other as if trying to fathom the meaning of his implication.

"Take care of it?" Julie asked.

"You girls are so obtuse," Lenore laughed. "He means he can relieve himself.

"Oh, yes, yes," Juliette said, with a snicker. "We understand."

"But what if you are not near a bathroom or at home?" Julie persisted. "What do you do then?"

"I try to hide it as best I can, I guess!" he replied.

Astrid found this statement problematical. "How on earth could you hide a thing like that? Look at it. It's almost touching your chin!"

She stopped picking at her food long enough to howl at her own joke.

She was not completely exaggerating. In defiance of the laws of physics, Craig's penis had somehow managed to elevate itself to the point where it was only a mere four inches from the tip of his chin. I found it disconcerting to see his penis in such close proximity to his face, but it didn't seem to concern him at all. Sylvie, however, was now studying it closely, her head cocked to one side.

"I am sitting here looking at this wonderful piece of flesh that keeps bobbing back and forth in front of our faces and I'm wondering if, being so close to your mouth, you have ever used your tongue to pleasure yourself?"

Craig laughed aloud. "Do you mean have I ever given myself a blowjob? No, I haven't, ma'm."

"I ask because many men would certainly try it, if they had such a penis as yours."

"It really never occurred to me to try it."

"Really?" Sylvie asked, not quite convinced he was telling the truth. "Do you think you could reach your penis with your tongue?"

"I don't know, ma'm," he replied, somewhat abashed.

"Do you think you could try it?"

"I suppose I could. If it makes you happy."

"Yes, it would. Go ahead and show us."

"This I have to see!" Astrid said, as she got up from her chair and walked toward our end of the table.

Knowing that his actions would hopefully produce a positive reaction from his audience, Craig bent his head down toward his penis and raised his midsection up at the same time, forcing his mouth to come into contact with his erection. We all gasped with delight as he opened his mouth wide to allow just the corona to disappear behind his lips. He held the tip of his penis in his mouth for a few seconds and then repeated the process quickly a few times, as if trying to give himself a blowjob. We cheered him on each time he went down on himself, finally receiving a round of applause for his efforts when his continued attempts proved too uncomfortable.

Astrid was beside herself. "If you kept going," she told him, "you would have creamed in your own mouth!"

"He would have indeed!" my aunt squealed. "Forget modeling. You're ready for a career in porn!"

He had made us all laugh. But the nice thing about it was that we were laughing with him, not at him, and this pleased him to no end.

"Always willing to oblige," he said with a smile.

But the effect of Craig's self-pleasuring left him with an aching hard-on that demanded attention. His balls, too, looked as if they were about to burst. Something had to be done.

"Ladies," he said, resting one hand under his balls. "All this attention has got me really worked up. I need to go and take care of this."

"Don't you dare leave this room!" Lenore shouted. "You sit down and stay where you are young man."

"But ma'm…"

"No buts. If you have to relieve yourself you can do it right here. I'm sure Sylvie would like to watch it, wouldn't you Sylvie?"

"Yes, yes, I would like to see if he can really shoot it as far as he claims," she said excitedly.

"And you twins want to watch it too, don't you girls?"

"Yes!" they answered simultaneously, their eyes twinkling.

"Oh, what the hell, Craig!" Lenore laughed. "We all want to see you shoot your load for us. Go ahead. Jerk it off!"

"Do it, Craig!" my aunt added.

Craig looked at me with a resigned look on his face, but I could tell he was anxious to fulfill Lenore's request. The way his prick was throbbing, I knew it wouldn't take long for him to cum. But I wanted to be the one to masturbate him.

I'm so horny," he said to me.

"I can see that!" I said, as I leaned in next to him. "Would you like me to take care of it for you?"

"Oh, God, yes!" he said, trying to contain himself. "I want your beautiful hands all over me."

"Just tell the women to get out of the line of fire."

Craig told everyone to avoid sitting or standing directly in front of him, otherwise they might get hit with his ejaculation.

"Oh, come on!" Chantal said. "I'm perfectly safe here. Don't worry about me."

I calculated she was probably about twenty or so feet away from where Craig was sitting—a relatively safe distance, but then again, nothing could be taken for granted. She stubbornly chose to remain where she was, at the end of the table and directly opposite Craig. Everyone else, however, had heeded his advice and wisely moved their chairs towards him but to the side, thus avoiding any possible accidents.

As I took Craig's cock in my hands, he immediately let out a soft moan and closed his eyes. The women hadn't expected me to do this, and they reacted with a mixture of delight and surprise.

"You've been dying to get your hands on his big tool for days," my aunt said to me. "How does it feel?"

"Hard as a rock and very hot!" I noted with pleasure.

"I love the way his balls bounce up and down," Julie remarked with a giggle. "They're so big too!"

"Big penis, big balls," Sylvie said dryly. "They go hand in hand."

Craig opened his eyes to see my right hand casually skim up and down his shaft, enjoying the feel of my loose grip upon his cum-swollen organ.

"How would you like me to do you?" I asked him, wanting to make it as enjoyable for him as possible.

"Fast and hard, please. And if you could play with my balls…"

"It's a little awkward for me, Craig," I said, finding it difficult to make the adjustment.

"I'll do it!" Juliette offered.

Without another word she brought her chair around to Craig's right and sat down beside him. She looked at me and smiled, but there was no indication that she was trying to compete with me. Craig was too preoccupied with his handjob to raise any objections, and even if he had considered doing so, I doubt he would have refused the offer from such a pretty and willing girl. She quickly went to work on his sac, playfully pinching the taut skin and then gently lifting the sperm-laden balls in her palm as if she were trying to calculate its weight.

"It feels like there's a lot of semen in these things," she laughed.

"I want to feel them too!" Julie suddenly declared.

"Later," Sylvie said. "Watch for now."

I attempted to fulfill Craig's request as best I could, maintaining a firm grip on his penis while stroking him up and down very quickly. Juliette tried valiantly to keep pace with me, increasing the speed at which she rubbed his massive testicles until his entire lower body was rocking back and forth in unison with our combined efforts.

"Juliette," Justine said. "Hold the base of his cock steady with your left hand, that way Holly will have an easier time of it."

The girl did as she was told, grasping Craig's penis with one hand while continuing to rub his balls with the other.

"Like this?" she asked.

"Perfect." Justine replied. "Better for you, Holly?"

"Much better," I said, as my hand seemed to suddenly glide effortlessly over the huge prick.

Juliette's hand, now securely planted at the base of Craig's cock, prevented it from shifting back and forth so much, stabilizing it so that I didn't have to work as hard to masturbate him. I was grateful for this because my hand was beginning to tire quickly as I fought to maintain my grip on his oversized penis, and I didn't want to disappoint my handsome friend by quitting before the job was done.

"How are you doing, Craig?" I asked, as he kept his eyes focused on my ever-moving hand.

"I'm getting close," he said hoarsely.

"I can tell that from here," Astrid observed. "You know, that thing seems alive!"

My aunt was tickled by her remark. "You're in for a treat," she said. "I've seen this boy cum several times before and he produces a prodigious amount of sperm. It's really incredible."

"You should know, Holly," Lenore added. "He christened you quite well at the tryouts."

"Oh, she got it good!" Estelle affirmed. "She was soaked."

"Better be careful, Estelle," I said, momentarily pointing the massive cock in her direction. "It could happen to you!"

She reacted by letting out a big laugh and then crouched down in her chair.

"No! Not on my new suit!" she said, jokingly.

All during the time we spent conversing, Craig's focus never seemed to deviate from his cock and balls, and the insistent hands that were working him over so assiduously. The women kept making remarks about one thing sexual or another, sometimes directing their questions right at him, knowing that he was too far absorbed in his masturbation to pay any heed to what they were saying, let alone expecting a response. It finally became apparent to all of us that he simply could not respond to any questions, so the banter continued between the women as Juliette and I relentlessly manipulated him toward orgasm.

"Do I see something happening there?" Sylvie said, indicating with her forefinger the tiny slip atop Craig's penis.

"Oh!" I replied, suddenly noticing the small, clear drop of pre-cum. "Somebody's getting really excited!"

To emphasize my point, I jerked his penis very fast and concentrated my efforts at the very tip just underneath the corona.

"Oh, God!" Craig cried out.

This made Juliette squeeze and pull on his sack even harder.

"I want to watch it spurt out of you!" she exclaimed, as she violently tugged at his shaft with her left hand.

Sylvie laughed and turned to Lenore. "She's like me isn't she?"

"You always did enjoy a good cum shot," Lenore replied, whimsically.

"I think that's one thing we all share in common," I said, feeling Craig's body stiffen under my increased assault.

The exhilaration I derived from giving him pleasure was only surmounted by the look of sublime bliss that came over his face as he neared orgasm. He was breathing very heavily now and his entire body was hot and flushed. I was so turned on from jerking him off that I found myself sticking my hot tongue in his ear. Juliette, as involved as I was in his masturbation, paid no further attention to his balls and instead grabbed the bottom half of his shaft with both hands and pulled on him for all she was worth. Her face was no less flushed than Craig's, and I could have sworn that she was close to coming herself, but trying to time her orgasm to coincide with his own eruption, which wouldn't be long judging by the enormous amounts of pre-cum that were now flooding our hands.

"I'm almost there!" he said, spitting out the words as though in pain.

Sensing that he was about to cum, the women suddenly grew quiet. The only sound that could be heard was Craig's belabored breathing and the creaking of the chair he was sitting on as our two pairs of hands flew up and down over the silky terrain of his engorged cock. I could feel my fingers beginning to cramp up, but I pulled on him savagely, determined to drain him of every drop of his hot sperm.

"Look at his balls!" Julie exclaimed, as the huge, twin spheres suddenly retracted up toward the base of his shaft. "They look so funny!"

No one else seemed to think it was funny, certainly not Craig, who now lifted his lower torso to drive his cock in and out of our hands.

"Oh, shit!" he cried, as I felt the sperm rise up into his shaft.

Within seconds, a thick rope of pearly semen shot out of his cock and rose upward in a straight trajectory, impacting with the lighting fixture directly above his head. It happened so fast that all I saw was a whitish blur. The women laughed at the sight of his cum hanging from the florescent light above, but their eyes immediately returned to his penis, which was now ready to discharge more of the creamy fluid.

It was the second volley of sperm that made all of us gasp.

Juliette, who was now climaxing herself, forced his cock downwards so that its tip was pointing out toward the table. As I pulled up, a long, creamy jet of goo sailed upwards and toward the ceiling, but failed to make contact with it and flew completely over the table, hitting the unsuspecting Chantal right in her hair. The distance his cum had traveled, startling as it was to all of us, did not amuse the soiled woman.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" she screeched as she ran from her chair to the back of the room, grabbing a stray piece of cloth to help her clean the sperm from her hair.

All of us screamed with laughter.

"Nice shot, Craig!" my aunt hollered, nearly falling out of her seat because she was laughing so hard.

Even through our laughter, both Juliette and I never stopped stroking him. As such, his orgasm was very powerful, sending load after load of cum flying into the air or careening with anything in its immediate path, including Julie and Sylvie.

Julie shrieked when she saw the sticky jet of white paste make contact with her blouse. But, to her credit, she did not get upset. Sylvie remained calm too, even when multiple shots of sperm found their way onto her dress and legs. My own hands were completely bathed in semen, as were Juliette's, and the slick cum acted almost like a lotion that helped us to coax even more sperm out of him.

I felt so sexy and powerful controlling that giant cock that I kept hoping his orgasm would last for a while more. I got my wish when, just at the moment his ejaculations seemed to be over, a series of violent penile contractions sent several white wads shooting out—Pop! Pop! Pop!—right over our heads. The first jet hit Juliette's bangs and then flew out of sight behind her. The second jet struck Craig right under his chin, which made everyone laugh. The final sticky offering found its way across my right cheek, where I felt it splash into my earrings and continue onward toward the nearby wall. This was followed by a gradual series of ever-weakening spurts that finally became nothing more than a tiny dribble. The great prick had been completely milked dry.

"What a fucking orgasm!" Astrid exclaimed, as she looked down at her own dress to see it covered with a residue of sperm.

All of us, including the now semi-revived Craig, were laughing and commenting about the event that had just transpired. For those who had never witnessed one of Craig's voluminous cumshots, it was nothing short of a revelation. He was congratulated, applauded, and was even lavished with kisses by some of the women who found his performance mesmerizing. The only one who didn't take part in the celebration was Chantal, who was still trying to remove his semen from her hair.

"I don't know what you're all so happy about," she said, annoyed. "I'm the one who got the worst of it."

"Oh, don't be a cry baby!" Lenore said. "Sperm makes good conditioner!"

Chantal didn't reply. She just mumbled something and kept rubbing the towel over her hair in an energetic fashion, determined to eradicate all traces of the sticky substance.

Sylvie proved to be a most gracious hostess, providing everyone with wet and dry towels to help remove the aftermath of Craig's lust from our bodies. After we had cleaned up, and the final vestiges of sperm removed from the floor and furniture, my aunt announced that she, Lenore, and the rest of their friends were going to dinner.

"We can drop you off on the way," she told me. "Or you can stay. But if you do, you'll have to get your own ride back. Jake is busy tonight."

"I can take her home Ms. Anjou," Craig said.

My aunt looked at me, awaiting an answer.

"You go ahead," I told her. "I'll go back with Craig."

My aunt said goodbye to Sylvie and the twins, thanking them profusely for their hospitality. Lenore and the others paid their respects as well, and then Sylvie got up to escort them out. As my aunt walked past Craig, she bent down and took his flaccid penis in her hand and gave it a few jerks. Craig gave out a little yelp.

"Two more weeks until the 'Long Shots' contest," she reminded me. "Better train him well!"

"You are definitely quite a milkable young man!" Lenore joked.

"Ha! I like that!" my aunt responded. "But he is though, isn't he?"

She lifted his penis up into his abdomen and then abruptly let it go, laughing as she watched it bounce up and down a few times before settling between his legs.

"See you in the Masturbatorium, Mr. Milkable!" she sang, as she and Lenore walked out arm in arm.

After Sylvie returned, she, the twins, and I asked Craig if he would model more of the men's swimwear for us, to which he readily agreed. I really wanted to buy him a few bikinis as a way of thanking him for the marvelous show he had put on for us, and I also wanted to see more of his wonderful cock. Julie and Juliette brought out a few dozen pairs of bikinis for him to try on and I told him to choose a few for his own. After modeling several that appealed to him, he finally settled upon the emerald-green thong and a royal-blue bikini, both of which fit him perfectly. He thanked me for the gifts and decided to keep the blue bikini on while Sylvie called to order some food from the shop next door.

"I just ordered some roast chicken," she said to Craig and I as she stood admiring him. Stay and eat with us."

"Thank you. I'd love to," I said, cheerily.

"Me too," he replied.

Julie and Juliette were thrilled to hear Craig and I were staying for dinner. I knew they were anxious for the opportunity to learn more about the Swedish boy, as was I, and they spared no effort in making him feel at home.

"You can sit at the head of the table," Julie said to him. "Do you prefer wine or soda?"

"I've had enough wine for one day," he replied. "A soda will be fine."

She smiled at him and went into the next room, which acted as a sort of makeshift kitchen. I assumed Sylvie and the girls took many of their meals here, as it was both convenient and practical when they often had to work straight through the day and sometimes well into the evening to complete a special order. During dinner I asked Sylvie why she had not chosen to expand her operation by hiring more workers.

"No, that would ruin everything," she said. "Right now we enjoy the luxury of having a very eclectic clientele. To expand the business is to destroy our uniqueness. It would be like homogenized milk."

"That makes sense, ma'm," Craig agreed. "You have a very special way of doing things and going big time wouldn't make it so special anymore."

"Precisely. We are a niche market. We do not pretend to be anything else."

Craig, I found, was very adept at fielding questions from both the twins and Sylvie herself. He answered all their inquiries in a friendly and courteous way, always self-effacing, never patronizing or boorish, his intent to please them being paramount.

Sylvie tried to push more wine upon him, but he insisted that he must remain sober for our drive home. I knew he had enjoyed the wine, and would have sampled more of it if the responsibility for getting me home safely were not up to him. His consideration was not wasted upon me.

"You are a true gentleman," I said, digging into my food.

"I don't want anything to happen to my precious cargo," he replied, looking at me straight in the eye.

As the evening wore on, our discussion took on many forms. At one point I found myself debating the usefulness of mosquitoes, the infallibility of the Pope, and the imponderable question of how the current President of the United States managed to get himself elected to a second term.

"That is easily explained," Sylvie offered, as if the solution was readily apparent. "You are a nation of primitives governed by an imbecile."

Taken aback by what I considered to be her very insensitive comment, I stopped eating and stared directly at her.

"You don't seem to like Americans very much do you?" I asked, feeling slighted.

"No, that's not true. I like some Americans."

"Which ones?"
"Oh, I don't know," she replied between mouthfuls. "There are a few."

I looked around the table. Julie and Juliette refused to meet my gaze. Craig shrugged and shoved a chicken leg in his mouth.

"Name one person," I said, determined to get her to answer my question. "I know the French people don't like Americans very much but name me one person."

She took a sip of wine and wiped her mouth, then turned to me as if she were appraising a piece of jewelry.

"The only person I can think of right now is…you. You are the only American I like."

She immediately went back to eating her dinner.

"Me?" I said. "I'm the only one?"

"Right now, yes."

I stopped eating and put my fork down in my plate.

"Well," I said, "I guess I should feel honored. But if I may ask, why do you hold my country in such low regard?"

"I hold it in such low regard because its people elect a man who believes it is his divine mission to democratize the world. What right has he to interfere with the destiny of other countries? It is shameless arrogance."

"Not all Americans think like him. Some of us feel as you do."

She kept eating and said nothing.

"There are things about your country I don't particularly like either, but I don't condemn all of you."

She laughed. "I am not as selective as you are, Holly. I am universal in my damnation of America because it is easier for me to hate all of you at once rather than to pick and choose whom I like and whom I don't like. It's too time consuming."

I couldn't tell if she was telling the truth, mocking me, making a joke, or doing all these things at the same time. As I sat there trying to discern the meaning of her statement, Craig let out a howl.

"It's too time consuming!" he roared. "That's a good one, ma'm!"

Julie and Juliette couldn't help succumbing to Craig's infectious laugh, and soon both Sylvie and I were laughing too. It certainly helped to dispel some of the tension.

"I am teasing you, my dear girl," Sylvie admitted. "But your country is sick in its soul, and I hope you will all come to your senses before it's too late."

From politics we then moved on to sex. I don't know who was the first of us to raise the topic, but I seem to recall Julie making a remark about Craig's prodigious cumshot, saying that she wished she had a video of his performance. From then on, with the wine flowing freely between Sylvie and the twins, the discussion centered upon handjobs, blowjobs, the virtues of virginity, and of course, Craig, who soon found himself preparing for another tour de force.

"Yes, I was amazed by it too," Sylvie said. "How do you manage to ejaculate like that?"

"It was all because of the drug," he replied. "Although I have none of it left in my system."

"A fringe benefit?" Sylvie asked.

"Yes, ma'm. It would appear so."

Julie giggled. "I loved it when you came in that woman's hair!"

"I didn't mean to," Craig replied, frankly. "But I wasn't the one controlling things."

The girl gave her sister an accusatory look. "Juliette did it on purpose!"

"No, I didn't," Juliette countered. "I lost my grip, that's all."

Sylvie chuckled. "With a penis like that it is easy to lose one's grip."

"And how did I know he was going to shoot that far?" Juliette added. "But is was funny just the same!"

"Right across the table and into her hair," Julie snickered. "I laughed so hard!"

"I never even saw it," Craig said. "All I was aware of was Holly and Juliette's hands on me, and this incredible sensation in my cock. You girls really milked me like crazy."

As he said this I saw him place one hand onto his crotch and he squeezed himself hard.

"I wanted to make you happy," I said to him, watching him stroke his cock through the bikini fabric.

"You did," he confessed. "It was the best handjob I've ever had. Thanks to you, too, Juliette."

Juliette smiled at him and for a moment I actually saw her blush. This provided her sister with some new ammunition.

"She gives her boyfriends handjobs all the time," Julie said. "She won't let them have sex with her so she uses her hands."

"Shut up, Julie!" Juliette said, angrily.

"Stop!" Sylvie yelled. "No fighting at the dinner table. You both know better than that."

"Well, it's true," Julie said.

"I don't care if it's true or not," Sylvie replied. "I want no fighting."

Both girls reluctantly complied with Sylvie's request, though they still exchanged spiteful glances. As they ate, Juliette made an obscene hand gesture at her sister—a warning not to reveal anything further about her sexual proclivities.

"And by the way," Sylvie said to Julie, "there is nothing wrong with pleasuring a boy with a handjob if you are not ready for sex."

"But what about a blowjob?" the girl asked.

"There's nothing wrong with that either, if you really like him."

Juliette pondered that statement over for a moment as she thought of an appropriate retort. "Handjobs and blowjobs are fine, but I find that most guys want to screw you sooner or later."

"Yes, there is a lot of pressure to have intercourse," I said. "I deal with that all the time."

"I assume you are a virgin then?" Sylvie asked me.

Familiar as I now was with her tendency toward bluntness, I wasn't as put off by her remark as I might have been. I answered her without hesitation.

"Yes, I am," I honestly admitted.

"So are these two," she said, waving a fork at the twins.

I think I expected both girls to be embarrassed by this sudden disclosure, but they seemed to accept it with equanimity, even pride.

"Some of the boys insult us because we don't want to have sex with them," Julie said.

"Some girls make fun of us too," Juliette added.

"But we don't care what they say. And you shouldn't care what they say either, Holly."

"Believe me, Julie, I don't," I assured her.

"That's good," she said. "There's nothing wrong with saving yourself for the man you love."

I almost laughed aloud. "You sound so old-fashioned! Not that there's anything wrong with that. In fact, I feel the same way. I just wouldn't have said it quite like that."

Julie seemed to take no offense. "Well, there's nothing wrong with it. If these boys aren't satisfied with handjobs, they can go elsewhere."

Juliette guffawed. "This, coming from a girl who has never even touched a penis!"

"Are you kidding?" I asked, surprised.

"Don't listen to my stupid sister," Julie said, casting a mean glance at Juliette. "I'm not an accomplished handjob and blowjob artist like Juliette, but I have seen and touched and jerked off a few guys to orgasm."

She said this proudly, without taking her eyes off her sister.

I saw Craig squirm in his chair, her words seeming to excite him enough that he now moved his hand underneath the fabric to directly stimulate his penis.

"I don't believe you," Juliette said.

"It's the truth whether you believe it or not."

"Oh, you're all talk," Juliette replied dismissively.

"Maybe your sister is telling the truth," I said to Juliette. "I mean have you ever thought that some men may actually enjoy getting a handjob rather than having intercourse?"

Craig was now actually stroking his cock under the table. Our discussion was obviously turning him on, and I had to suppress a giggle as I watched his hand glide up and down over the familiar terrain. He remained unobtrusive about it, but I think Sylvie suspected something was up when she momentarily looked down and caught a glimpse of his penis poking its head above his napkin. She smiled and looked him right in the eye.

"Do you think that is true?" she asked him.

"What?" he replied, looking confused. "What did you say, ma'm?"

"Holly said that some men prefer handjobs to fucking. Do you think that is true?"

Her directness appeared to put him at a disadvantage. He quickly stopped stroking himself and sat upright in his seat.

"I don't know," he said. "I guess some men prefer them."

"Do you?"

"Well, for a long while a handjob was all I got from a girl. And I really grew to like them."

"More than sex?"

"There were times when I thought a handjob was actually better than sex."

"When was that?"

Craig smiled as his mind recalled some previous incident. "When Mrs. Barber and Mrs. Terry got their hands on me."

"And who were these women?" Sylvie asked, intrigued.

"Two attractive, middle-aged, married women who lived in my neighborhood," he began. "I used to cut their lawns. One day Mrs. Barber and Mrs. Terry were sitting by the pool and they invited me in for a swim. Somehow I lost my bathing suit in the pool. Things got out of hand after that."

Sylvie smiled. "You mean your thing got in their hands."

"Something like that."

"And they gave you handjobs?"

"Yes."

"Blowjobs too?"

"Yes."

"But no fucking."

"No. No fucking."

"And you say these were married women?"

"Yes, ma'm."

Sylvie looked down at his lap. "You like older women, don't you?"

"Yes, I do," Craig replied, suddenly aware that his cock was now visible to Sylvie.

"These older women taught you a lot about sex?"

"They taught me very much, yes."

"But what they taught you most was to love handjobs more than anything else," she said, reaching under the table. "They trained you and conditioned you by making your penis a slave to their hands. Is that not so?"

I watched in fascination as her fingers suddenly closed over his turgid prick. Craig gasped and tried to appear as though nothing was amiss, but he was fighting a losing battle.

"Oh, yes…they taught me how to submit myself to a woman," he said, fighting to maintain his composure.

"Just like you're going to do for me?"

"Yes!" he said, biting his lower lip.

"And Holly…"

"Yes."

"And my beautiful twins?"

Sylvie ran her hand quickly up and down his shaft, causing him to pull his chair back from the table. As he did so, the napkin fell away, revealing his hard-on to all of us.

"I can't take this anymore," he cried. "You ladies have got me so distracted with all this sex talk that I can't think straight!"

The twins, seeing his huge prick bounce up and down, immediately burst out laughing. I started laughing myself, but Sylvie casually sipped on her wine as she calmly observed Craig's erect penis for the second time that evening.

"You can't think straight because all the blood has gone into that big prick of yours!" the lascivious Frenchwoman observed.

Julie and Juliette squealed with laughter.

"Look what you did to him!" Julie said to Sylvie. "It's all your fault!"

"It is not my fault!" Sylvie replied. "He was hard ten minutes ago but the two of you never knew it! But you did, didn't you Holly?"

"Yes, Sylvie, I knew," I replied, feeling embarrassed for Craig.

"I'm sorry ladies," Craig said, futilely trying to force the bikini up and over his obstinate erection. "Hearing all that talk about handjobs and blowjobs really got me excited."

"There's no need to apologize," Sylvie said. "After all, you are a man. And sometimes men need to be taken in hand. You know what I'm talking about?"

As she said this she reached into her purse and pulled out a small bottle of hand lotion and began to apply some to her palms. I knew what she was up to.

"Sylvie, there's no need to do this," I said, suddenly feeling a little possessive.

"No need? I think there is a great need. Look at him!"

The twins looked at each other and shrugged.

"What are you doing?" Julie asked Sylvie. "Why are you putting on hand lotion now?"

Sylvie casually rubbed the fragrant liquid into her skin and smiled.

"So naïve," she said as she put the bottle on the table. "The power to control a man is virtually in your hands and you don't know it. Holly knows it, but you two do not." She rose from her chair and pulled Craig's hands away from his cock. "You know it too," she said to Craig whose penis was now standing at full mast and aching to be touched.

Even before he had a chance to speak, Sylvie knelt down beside him and took his swollen organ in both hands. He leaned back and moaned gently, completely subservient to her will, as she slowly stroked his prick. He was going to speak but Sylvie placed her hand over his mouth, and that was enough to compel him to silence.

"Now, Julie," she began. "You have never done this to a man, have you?"

"I told you…"

"Tell the truth," Sylvie said, cutting her off.

"Okay, okay. I touched a guy once, that's all."

"And did you bring him to orgasm?"

"No, we never got that far."

Juliette laughed. "I was right! See, Holly, I told you!"

"Shut up, Juliette," Sylvie said without missing a stroke. "It is vulgar for a woman to gloat."

Craig's penis was now slick with Sylvie's hand lotion and the twins and I stopped talking for a moment to simply admire her smooth and masterful technique.

"Now, Julie," Sylvie said. "I want you to come over here and learn how to give a man a proper handjob. This is something every woman should know whether or not she becomes a Sister. Juliette and Holly, you both sit and watch and maybe you will learn a few things too."

Outspoken as she was, I never once felt that she was patronizing me. She was just brutally honest. As Julie dutifully obeyed Sylvie's command and knelt next to Craig, I realized how pervasive the influence of the Sisterhood really was. Here was a future Sister in the making, being instructed by a woman who was once instructed in a similar manner by a Sisterhood mentor, and made to appreciate the power a simple handjob had over a man. In her teaching style, and in the ways she conducted her business dealings, Sylvie seemed to always place emphasis upon complete honesty, and I respected her for that.

As I watched Julie take Craig's massive tool in her tiny hands, I became a little jealous. But when Sylvie showed the girl how to use her fingers to stimulate the sensitive area under the corona, as well as teaching her other methods of penile stimulation that I had never seen, I began to appreciate the willingness the older woman exhibited in sharing these esoteric tricks of the trade with us, and gradually forgot about any jealous feelings I may have had.

Craig was in heaven. All of us kept him entertained with the most lewd and vulgar comments we could think of as Sylvie and Julie masturbated him. He laughed at our jokes a few times until it was apparent that his ejaculation was getting near. Seeing that his prick was now oozing drops of pre-cum, Sylvie removed her hands and let Julie continue stroking him, which she did with great relish.

"Do you see what I mean?" Sylvie asked her new protégé. "Do you feel the power you have in your hands to control this man?"

"I love it!" Julie exclaimed, as her confidence increased with each stroke.

"Do you see the little drops of fluid coming out of his slit? That means that he is going to cum soon. But you can control it. Don't let him cum until you want him to."

"Should I stop?" Julie said, suddenly unsure of her next move.

"No, no, keep stroking, but do it more slowly."

Julie obeyed Sylvie's instructions and slowed her pace. Craig groaned.

"He is dying to cum now, but you have prevented it. See how easy it is to control a man?"

Julie didn't need to reply. Her smile said it all.

For the next ten minutes, Julie was taught how to bring Craig to the brink of orgasm, and then deny him that pleasure simply by the manner in which she controlled his penis. After experiencing so much teasing and denial, Craig was begging for release.

"Please, ma'm," he said as his eyes rested upon his sperm-swollen prick, slick with lotion and his own cock juice. "Let me cum!"

"Yes," she replied, "I think it is time."

Sylvie told Juliette and I to each take an empty wine glass and hold it in our hands while she did the same. She then ordered Julie to finish Craig off with very fast strokes so that his orgasm would be "violent."

"This is so much fun!" Julie laughed, as her fist flew up and down Craig's prick in a quick, machine-like motion.

"This is a game I played when I first became a Sister," Sylvie said, as she watched Julie tug away on the monstrous shaft. "It's called 'catch the cum.'"

I couldn't help but laugh. "What a funny name for a game!"

"It's not so funny when you see how hard it is to do," she replied.

She then told us to hold our glasses aloft and wait for Craig to start spurting. We then would have a chance to try and catch as much cum as we could.

"The one who gets the most sperm in her glass wins," she said. "In the old days we used to force the man to drink it, but I could not do that to this lovely boy."

I could see by the look on Craig's face that he was enormously glad to hear this news. In any case, I could not imagine her being able to force him to do anything he truly found reprehensible, unlike a true submissive. He derived pleasure from pleasing women, but he had his limits.

"Craig," Sylvie said, as he was approaching orgasm. "Let us know when you're about to cum."

"Yes…yes, ma'm!" he replied, barely able to speak.

Sylvie, Juliette, and I stared intently at Craig's prick, holding our glasses high in front of us, patiently awaiting his imminent eruption.

"Hold his prick up," Sylvie instructed Julie. "Otherwise we won't be able to catch any of his cum."

"Like this?" Julie asked, positioning his cock at an angle.

"Perfect!" Sylvie said, as she extended her wine glass to within a few feet of Craig's penis.

"His balls are bouncing all around again!" Julie squealed.

"Never mind about his balls," Sylvie said. "Pay attention to what you're doing!"

Sensing Craig was now on the verge of coming, Julie let her thumb tease the little strip of skin under the glans, following exactly what Sylvie had told her.

"That's it!" Sylvie exclaimed. "You've got him now!"

Julie's hand was now moving so fast that Craig had to hold onto the chair with both hands for fear of falling off.

"Go for it, Julie!" I exclaimed.

"Make it squirt!" Juliette laughed.

Craig screamed. "Oh, fuck! I'm coming!"

End of Chapter 6

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 07
byfmcchris©

Julie's left hand immediately grasped the base of his shaft while her right hand continued to stroke him with hard, rapid movements. She moved her head back slightly and to the left in order to get a better view of his orgasm.

"Catch it! Catch it!" she screamed, as I watched Craig's entire body freeze under the girl's insistent tugging.

The first spurt of semen shot out so fast that it startled everyone, especially Julie.

"Hurry! You have to catch it!" she laughed as her hands brought forth the second eruption of hot cream.

This time the trajectory of the cumshot was much higher and had drifted to the right. Sylvie was there.

"Got it!" she exclaimed, as the sperm hit the rim of her glass first before collecting in a pool at the bottom.

Julie was overjoyed at seeing all three of us jockeying for position with our wineglasses extended before us, trying to anticipate when the next load of sperm was going to be fired.

"Oh, God!" Craig cried as two huge ropes of sperm followed one upon the other.

I somehow managed to outmaneuver Juliette, and caught the first of these ejaculations head on into my glass. I had to quickly move my glass into vertical position to prevent the cum from dripping out, but I succeeded in doing it. Juliette, who watched as the bulk of Craig's offering landed on her arm, leaving only a modest amount in her glass, captured the next spurt.

"Another one!" she demanded.

As if in obeisance to her command, Craig's cock reared back and fired off another thick and creamy salvo right at her, which she successfully trapped in her glass.

"Ha!" she laughed as she looked down into the glass. It was half full.

Craig continued to shoot his sperm at us, sometimes high into the air where we had to fight each other to get at it. One jet of semen was completely trapped in Sylvie's glass, thanks to her quick maneuvering. This was followed by a succession of spurts that were fired off at random, some of which I managed to catch, but most of which Sylvie's agile hands succeeded in obtaining. Juliette caught the final stringy load. All of us laughed as we watched the bulk of it splash onto the outside of her glass and dribble down onto her fingers. Craig was completely spent, but Julie was absolutely enervated.

"Look at my hands!" she said, as she raised them up for us to see. "You had a lot of stuff inside you, Craig!"

"I guess so," he replied breathing fast.

Sylvie handed her a napkin. "You were superb!" she said.

"Absolutely!" I added.

"Okay, you were good," Juliette said begrudgingly.

Receiving such praise from us put Julie in a very happy mood. She carefully wiped the sperm from her hands with the napkin and then retreated to the bathroom to further clean up. The three of us looked into each other's glasses, curious to see which one of us had caught the most sperm.

"I guess you win," I said to Sylvie, seeing her glass almost completely full.

"You played very well," she replied. "You almost got as much as me."

Juliette looked disappointed. "I only caught one load. But if my sister had pointed his cock more toward me..."

"Don't start," Julie shouted from the bathroom. "You had as much chance as they did."

"No arguments, please," Sylvie warned them. "The game was played fair and square."

Sylvie and Juliette soon joined Julie in the bathroom to remove traces of semen that had struck their clothing or hands. I had, however, miraculously remained unscathed.

"I think we better be going," I said to Craig, as I watched him clean his prick with a napkin.

"Yeah, it is getting kind of late."

He quickly dressed and then poured himself a glass of water. He took one sip and smiled. I hadn't realized that I was staring at him the whole time.

"Something wrong, Holly?"

"I would like you to be my champion at the 'Long Shots' contest," I told him.

He smiled again and took another sip. "I'm your man," he said.

************

After Craig and I said goodbye to Sylvie and the twins, he drove me home as promised. I had a chance to learn a little about him during our hour-long drive, and the more I heard, the more I knew I had made the right choice in making him my champion.

"So you were married to her for how long?" I asked him.

"Six months," he replied.

"What happened?"

"Cheryl was a great girl, but the marriage just didn't take."

"Was it true what you said about your penis being too big for her?"

"That was part of it, but the truth is we just rushed into it before we had a chance to really get to know each other. I guess that happens to a lot of people."

"I guess so," I replied. "But I wonder if we ever really do know people as well as we think."

He shrugged. "Probably not."

Craig seemed not to want to talk about this aspect of his life so I changed the subject. In due course he told me all about his experiences with the EJAX-472 drug: how it had changed his life and how it had led him, inadvertently, to me.

"I know I did a stupid thing by taking that damned illegal drug," he said. "But as weird as it sounds, it opened up a whole new world for me. I wouldn't have met you otherwise."

I chuckled softly. "I guess I should be grateful for your stupidity."

"Yeah," he agreed. "The one time when my 'other' head made the right choice. But I don't want you to think I usually make decisions that way."

"Well, Dr. Swensen must have seen something in you for her to take you on this trip. And your friend Barney too."

He smiled. "Some people might think she was using me and him like guinea pigs. You know, like pitting us against your aunt Phoebe's studs in order to rack up some new statistics. But Christiana's not like that. She actually invited Barney and I to come along because it was her way of saying 'thank you' for helping her with her experiment. She wanted us to enjoy ourselves."

"That was very nice of her," I said. "It's too bad she had to leave. She seems like a very fascinating person."

"She's a great lady," he emphasized. "Maybe one of these days you could visit me in Stockholm. I'm sure she'd love to see you again. Not to mention me, of course."

"I'd love to," I replied. "Speaking of your friend, Barney...where is he anyway?"

"He has family living here in Paris so he's staying with them. Mostly he hangs out with me at the hotel though."

"Do you think he's going to compete in the 'Long Shots' contest?"

"I don't know. He hasn't said that much about it. Why?"

"Why?" I asked, surprised. "Because he stands a good chance of winning. Both of you do. And there is a lot of money involved, too. He'd be crazy not to enter."

"Barney is a great guy but he's not always forthcoming. I'll ask him tonight when I see him."

Craig's mouth dropped open when we reached the top of the hill overlooking my aunt's estate and surrounding vineyards. The vast stretch of cultivated lawns and gardens loomed before us like an imposing patchwork of emerald green framed beneath the vista of a cloudless, crimson sky, within which stood the magical fairytale castle of the proud Anjou family.

"Holy shit!" he exclaimed. "It that it? Is that your aunt's estate?"

"I know!" I laughed aloud. "I can hardly believe it myself. It's like living in Disneyland."

"You know, the last time I was here it was late at night and I couldn't see much. Man, was I missing the picture or what?"

"Well, my dear Craig, you'll be getting to see a lot of this place in a few days. Training for the contest begins next week."

He let out a loud whoop. "I can't wait! And you're going to be training me, right?"

"I'll be your principal trainer," I said. "But I will also have other women to assist me."

He seemed to like this idea immensely. "The more hands the merrier!"

As we drove up to the front entrance I saw my cousin ride by on Antares. I thought she might stop to greet us as we approached the front gate, but she ignored us and rode off toward the coral.

"That was Angelique, wasn't it?" Craig asked.

"That was her."

"She didn't look too happy."

If I had only known about the schemes my cousin was clandestinely hatching at that moment I would never have mistaken her taciturn appearance for anything but the arrogant scowl it really was.

"We had a falling out," I said, as I watched her and her mount vanish behind the tall hedges. "This is her way of punishing me."

"Maybe you could try talking to her."

"I intend to. But I don't think it's going to change anything."

"You never know," he said. "She is family after all."

"Yes, she is," I concluded, dismally.

He took his right hand off the wheel and placed it over mine.

"You know what I like about you, Holly?"

Before I had a chance to respond, he went and answered his own question.

"You give a shit."

"What?"

"You give a shit," he repeated. "Everything matters to you."

"Yes, it does," I concurred. "I suppose I'm just an intense person."

"Intense, passionate, beautiful, smart...you're just an unbelievable girl. And you've got the greatest hands..."

He raised one of my hands up to his face and kissed it.

"You'd better treat them nice," I advised him. "These hands are going to be demanding a lot from you."

He moaned softly as my other hand lightly brushed his thigh.

"Like they did today?" he asked, as I gently removed my hand from his grasp.

"Today was just a warm-up."

"A warm-up?" he asked surprised. "Shit, I better hold off on coming for a while!"

"Until next Monday. That will give you four days to conserve that precious cum of yours."

He laughed. "I'll try not to jerk off."

"You have to be here to start your training at 9:00 AM," I told him. "And don't be late or you'll be disqualified."

"Anything for you, Holly," he said, looking at me with a sudden, burning desire.

I gave him a kiss and got out of the car. He held onto my arm until the last moment, reluctant to let me go, and asked me if I wanted to go back to his hotel. As much as I wanted to go with him, I also knew that he would try to initiate sexual intercourse, and although I liked him very much, I simply didn't know him well enough to relinquish my virginity to him. It simply didn't feel right to me. I explained my feelings to him and he seemed to understand, although I knew he was disappointed.

"Do you want to meet me and Barney at the beach tomorrow?" he asked. "I'll wear my new emerald-green thong for you."

The chance to spend some time with him at the beach, and in an environment where I would be relatively safe from being pressured into having sex—or worse, from having to turn him down—appealed to me greatly.

"Sure," I replied. "What time?"

"Ten o'clock. I'll meet you by the main entrance."

"I'll be there."

I gave him some further details about the contest and then we said goodbye. He remained in the driveway until I had let myself into the house and then drove off. The mark of a gentleman, I thought.

************

I was so tired after leaving Craig that I went upstairs and went straight to bed. My adventures in Paris had completely tuckered me out, and I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

The following morning I found neither my aunt, nor Angelique, anywhere in the house. I had overslept, and now that I was running late I decided to forego breakfast and call a cab, as Jake was nowhere to be found. After I had showered, I hurriedly put on my white bikini and threw on a white cotton blouse over it. I arrived at the beach a few minutes late, but Craig was waiting for me by the main entrance, already outfitted in nothing but his emerald-green thong and receiving appreciative looks from many young women—and some men. Barney wasn't with him.

"Wow! You look great!" he remarked, as he surveyed me up and down.

"So do you!" I replied. "Green suits you. What there is of it anyway. Where's the big man?"

"He couldn't make it," he replied. "He said he had other plans."

Craig didn't seem too happy about his friend's decision not to come and dug one of his heels into the sand.

"Other plans," he said derisively. "Come on. How could anyone pass this up?"

"Did you ask him about the contest?" I asked.

"He's not going to do it," he replied with a frown. "In fact, he's leaving for Montreal in two days."

"Montreal?"

"That's where he's from."

This news surprised me. "I thought you two guys were having such a great time here. Why is he leaving?"

"He told me that he had some personal business to take care of back home and left it at that."

"Personal business? Did he give you any details?"

"None. Which really bothers me because I know Barney pretty well, and it's not like him to be so evasive."

"What are you going to do?"

"Oh, don't worry, I'm staying. But if he wants to leave I can't stop him. I just feel like he's hiding something from me."

The beach was already crowded, but we staked out a spot for ourselves on one end close to a small outcropping of rock. Craig had brought a blanket, sunscreen, sandwiches, and several bottles of chilled water that he kept in an insulated container—everything we'd need for the next several hours as we sat lying in the hot sun.

"I'm sorry I didn't think to take anything with me," I said. "I was running late."

"You made it here, that's all I care about," he smiled, as he placed the blanket down on the sand.

For a while we said nothing to each other. I allowed him to put sunscreen on my back and then I did the same for him—all as we watched the green-blue waves gently roll onto the shoreline not fifty feet from where we sat. A short distance away a young couple lay side by side locked in a passionate embrace; they seemed oblivious to everything going on around them as their bodies lay intertwined on the sand. Craig and I watched them for a few moments in silence, and then we positioned ourselves next to each other with our backs to the sun.

At intervals, a gentle, cooling breeze would sweep across the water and caress our heated bodies, offering a temporary respite from the sun's merciless rays. We remained quiet for some time until, finally, the combined effects of the sun, waves, and wind forced me to doze. All around me I heard the sound of people's voices being carried on the wind, and every so often the plaintive cry of a gull would reach my ears. At some point I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I heard was Craig's voice urging me to wake up.

"Holly, look!" he said in a hushed but excited tone.

He put his hand upon my arm and shook me gently.

"What is it?" I asked, raising my head up.

"Our friends are doing it."

I followed his gaze to the couple we had noticed earlier. Both of them were fucking under cover of a blanket, and the girl's occasional cries of ecstasy filled the air. Strangely enough, no one around them seemed to care about the indecent act being performed under their very noses. Even when the girl's intermittent yelps became a steady drone, no one seemed to pay them any attention. It was odd, to say the least, but then again, this was a French beach, and the French were nowhere near as uptight about such things as their American counterparts.

"Wow!" Craig remarked, reaching under his thong. "I'm getting all excited just listening to her!"

He shifted his body a little to the left so that I could see his crotch.

"You're as hard as a rock!" I laughed.

"It doesn't take much to get me going," he admitted, as he tried to move his now enlarged penis into a more comfortable position within the thong.

As he manipulated his cock, I noticed that there was something opaque attached to the end of it.

"What is that?" I asked.

"I have a condom on," he replied.

"Why?"

"For times like this when I get a hard-on and I start to leak. I don't want to get my thong all messy. I feel embarrassed."

"Are you leaking now?"

"Yes."

"Pull the blanket over us."

"What for?"

"Just do as I say."

Without another word, he took one end of the blanket and wrapped us up in half of it, leaving the other half on the sand to protect us from the heated surface. I put my arms around and him and drew his face close to mine.

"Make love to me," I said to him.

"Are you serious?" he exclaimed. "You want me to..."

"No, I don't want you to fuck me. I want you to kiss me and I'll jerk you off into the condom. I'm feeling horny, too, you know."

Before he had a chance to reply, I placed my mouth on his and gave him a long, passionate kiss. At the same time I pulled his thong down and began to masturbate him with both hands.

"I wish I were inside you," he moaned, as I stroked him hard with one hand while my other hand played with his huge, cum-filled balls.

"Play with my clit," I said, tonguing his ear. "But don't put your fingers inside me."

"Oh, God," he whispered excitedly as his hand reached down toward my pussy.

His fingers made contact with my clit almost immediately, and he stroked me with an even, consistent tempo, just as my own hand performed the same motion on his stiff prick.

"Is it true that you're really a virgin?" he asked.

"Yes."

"Oh, wow," he said, driving his cock in and out of my fist with increased speed. "You're just fucking beautiful all over."

Suddenly his face darkened.

"What's wrong?" I asked him.

"The contest, remember? I thought you told me not to jerk off."

At this point I really didn't care about the contest and told him so.

"Whatever you say, Holly," he said pulling me closer to him. "But are you sure..."

"Oh, Craig. Just shut up and make love to me!"

He kissed me really hard then, and I clung to him for dear life as his arms drew me even closer to him. I think my admission of being a virgin actually served to stimulate him even more, but I wasn't sure why. Despite its size, I wanted so much to feel that enormous cock deep inside me, but I was not yet ready to surrender myself to this man completely. For now, the present form of sexual stimulation would have to suffice—for both of us.

"We're being watched," I said.

Craig tilted his head to one side toward the young couple. "They seem to be enjoying it."

"They had their fun," I said. "Now it's our turn."

For the next several minutes we hardly came up for air, as both of us found it next to impossible to stop kissing. Then, without warning, I felt a tremendous wave of pleasure overcome me, forcing me to clamp my thighs tightly together over his incessantly moving hand.

"Oh, yes!" I moaned loudly in his ear. "Just keep doing that...yes, that's it!"

I wasn't aware that I had stopped tugging on his prick, but I had. All that mattered to me was the incredible sensation that was now engulfing my body like a huge tidal wave. I was coming all over his hand.

"Oh, my God!" I cried.

As his powerful and agile fingers brought me to orgasm, I drove my tongue deep into his mouth and groaned. My climax seemed to go on forever and in the midst of it I heard him whisper several times, "I love you." I knew Craig was very fond of me, as I was of him, but people were known to say such things during the height of passion, and I didn't take it to mean anything more than that. As I came down from my orgasm I relaxed my grip upon his hand and he pulled away.

"No, don't go anywhere," I said. "Let me finish you off."

"You already did," he said smiling.

"You came?" I asked surprised.

"Yes, ma'm. I came right along with you."

"You did? But I stopped stroking you."

I watched as he reached down and slowly removed the condom from his now semi-erect penis. It was full of sperm.

"See? You got me so excited I couldn't help myself."

"Amazing," I said, seeing how much of the condom was actually filled with the creamy fluid. "You'd better bury that thing now."

He proceeded to dig a small hole in the sand next to where he was sitting and threw the soiled condom in it and quickly covered it up.

"I have planted my seed," he laughed, as he patted the sand down with his hand.

"Just as long as nothing sprouts," I said, jokingly.

Toward mid-afternoon we decided to leave the beach and have an early dinner at one of the local restaurants. Both he and I had gotten quite a bit of sun and we were both beginning to feel a bit tired, so we chose to eat lightly. After dinner, he happily offered to drive me home, and we arrived at the estate around 6:00 PM.

"Thanks for taking me home again," I said, as I leaned over to give him a kiss.

"You're welcome ma'm," he replied, with a grin.

"You know I meant what I said yesterday about conserving your sperm. It does make a difference in the contest. I shouldn't have attacked you."

"Don't worry about it. I promise you that whatever sperm I have left will remain there until Monday."

Craig had told me earlier that he had made plans with some friends of his that would preclude us from seeing each other until the day of the first training session. Neither of us was happy about it, but it was probably for the best. If we were together every day I doubt I would have been able to keep my hands off him.

We kissed a few more times and then said goodnight.

As I walked into the foyer I heard voices, very loud and very angry, emanating from down the hall. It sounded like they were coming from my aunt's study, and I recognized the voices as those belonging to my aunt and my uncle Pierre. My uncle's speech sounded slow and slurred, as if he was drunk. From that distance I couldn't make out much of what they were saying, though I knew they were certainly arguing. When I heard Angelique's name mentioned once, and then twice, I decided to find out what was going on.

The parlor, which was adjacent to the study, was vacant and dark, and I quietly stole down the hall and entered it, taking position behind the half-open, curtained door that divided the two rooms. My aunt was seated at her oak desk, legs crossed, a black, leather valise on her lap. Standing across from her was my uncle, somewhat unsteady and dressed in a charcoal-gray suit. In his hands he held a bottle of his own vintage wine. It was almost empty.

"I swore to Angelique that I would never step foot in this house until all of you came to your senses," he said. "But I see that will never happen without my intervention, and so I am here whether you like it or not."

"Have I ever stopped you from coming to visit with us? Have I Pierre?"

"No, you have never stopped me. But something must be done about this Sisterhood business. These men always coming and going...and naked I hear too! Fine surroundings for our daughter and our niece! Il est honteux!"

"The ways of the Sisterhood are not for you to understand or criticize," my aunt retorted. "The men who serve us choose to do so—they are not compelled. And they are well rewarded for their services. They are naked so as to exemplify their subservience to us. Angelique understands this as does Holly. And you are making me late for my dinner engagement."

My uncle threw his hands up in the air. "To hell with your dinner engagement! You are probably going to eat with that bitch Lenore and her entourage of whores. I'm talking about our daughter. She has not been the same these past few weeks since Holly arrived. I don't know what happened, but I am going to find out."

"How do you know what Angelique is going through and why should you care? You never did before."

"I spoke to her two days ago. But I don't suppose she would have told you."

"No, she didn't."

"Well," he said, "she is not the same, that's all I can say. Not the same at all. I can hear it in her voice. I am very worried about her."

"It's true she has been acting cold and distant lately, but she refuses to talk to me about it. What I don't understand is why you have taken such a sudden interest in her welfare."

Some of my uncle's anger seemed to dissipate momentarily, as if somewhere a bell had sounded signaling the end of a round of fighting. In the subdued light of the sole tiffany lamp that sat on my aunt's desk, his face seemed very old and sad. He stood for a while contemplating what he was going to say, and before long he reached for a nearby chair and sat in it. His voice sounded dry and brittle.

"I failed the both of you," he began, "and for my transgressions I have paid dearly. The only thing I have left is my daughter. She is all that I love in this world, not you, not my money, not my power...just Angelique. And I will not allow you or this accursed Sisterhood of yours to subvert her any further. I will stop you Phoebe. I will use any means necessary to protect my child."

My aunt's face at first registered pity, then hurt, and then indignation.

"Let me tell you something, Pierre," she said. "Because of my love for you—which you have succeeded in almost completely erasing—I kept your worst offences from ever being made public. The dirt that I have on you, beyond your many acts of infidelity, is enough to ensure that you will spend the rest of your life in prison." She waited a few moments to let these words sink in. "I could have crucified you! But I didn't. And do you know why?"

He shook his head but did not meet her gaze.

"I didn't because I wanted our daughter to be spared the shame of seeing her father publicly humiliated; to see the proud and noble Anjou name dragged in the mud for all of France to see. And let me assure you that this moodiness of hers..."

"It is not moodiness," he broke in.

"Whatever you want to call it... moodiness, temperament...was not a result of her involvement with the Sisterhood. It is something else."

"Something else?" he sneered. "You mean to sit there and tell me that this female supremacy nonsense that you practice has not gone to her head? What girl would not put on airs and act as if she were superior to everyone when she can snap her fingers and have an army of naked men at her command? Men whom she sees are to be used and abused and ridiculed and humiliated, all to satiate the whims of a teenage girl! Do you not think this is evil and perverse?"

My aunt Phoebe nearly laughed in his face.

"You fucked a multitude of women behind my back, and even had children with some of your mistresses. You lied, manipulated, and blackmailed people to make your business a success and let your marriage and child go by the wayside. And one of your good friends got into a fight trying to protect your so-called good name and got shot in the back for it. So don't you dare tell me that the principles your daughter and I adhere to are evil and perverse. We are trying to make the world a better place by putting females in control of society because men like you have made a mess of it!"

"Ah yes, men like me! After I gave you this estate and the vineyards and everything else!"

"You didn't give me anything, Pierre. You bought me off to save your own skin. It doesn't absolve you from your sins."

"I made a mistake and I admit it," he said feebly.

"You made a mistake?" she snarled. "You did a lot more than that my dear husband!"

"I am not going to apologize to you again!" he said, raising his voice. "I don't care what you do with your own life, but I want Angelique out of the Sisterhood!"

"Whether she stays or leaves is her decision. She is of legal age and she needn't answer to you anymore."

"We'll see about that. When will she be home?"

"I told you, I haven't talked to her for the past three days."

He let out a low, hollow laugh. "You see? There is a problem."

"Yes, there is a problem," my aunt replied, rising from chair. "But it's not what you think. Now will you please leave? My car is waiting."

My uncle slowly got to his feet and placed the bottle of wine on the end table next to him. She watched his plodding retreat toward the door leading out into the hallway with disheartened interest, as if witnessing the final laborious steps of a broken man on the last legs of his journey. For a moment I thought she was going to say something to him, but instead gripped the valise tightly in her hands and took a few steps toward him. Hearing her footsteps, he turned to face her, smiling forlornly.

"I could bring legal action against you," he said. "If the authorities knew what was going on here they could close down your operation. The Sisterhood would be no more."

My aunt was not intimidated. "And I could also put this in their hands," she said, coolly, as she waved the valise in his face. "There is enough information here to ruin you."

"I could suffer nothing worse than losing my child."

"Leave Angelique alone or I promise I'll turn this evidence over to the police," she said, threateningly.

"Then we shall both go to Hell together," he answered back, his voice almost breaking. "Au revoir."

It wasn't until the front door closed that my aunt sat back down in her chair and hastily threw the valise into a drawer and locked it. She then put her head down on the desktop and cried. It was unnerving for me to see this strong and confident woman reduced to tears. Although my uncle had long since fallen out of love with her, she still had feelings for him, as was evident by her reluctance to prosecute him. I knew, as he most probably did, that this reluctance was not engendered so much by her wanting to protect her daughter from any punishment Pierre might incur from his breaking the law, as she claimed, but rather from her own desire to see him prosper, which she viewed as proving far more beneficial for Angelique's sake as for the sake of the love she still continued to bear him.

Presently, she ceased crying and quickly tidied up her desk and left for her appointment. I then went upstairs to my bedroom and contemplated the implications of my uncle's threat.

It seemed to me that he would be the one to suffer the most, because even if my uncle could expose the Sisterhood for being a criminal organization, which it was not, my aunt might choose to retaliate simply because he had dared to threaten her. It was conceivable that the French authorities could make life difficult for the Sisterhood, or rather their parent organization, the Philanthropic Society, by maintaining constant vigilance upon their activities once Pierre had warned them. This, in itself, would prove extremely problematical for an organization that had prided itself on generosity and benevolence as a front for far more audacious activities. So although the threat of imprisonment was a frighteningly real possibility for my uncle, the equally distasteful prospect of the Sisterhood being placed under perpetual scrutiny by law officials was just as intolerable. It was a situation in which no winners would emerge.

Angelique was the catalyst; my uncle, the unknown variable. Would he act on his threats? Would his newfound love for her provoke him to strike out against the Sisterhood in the belief that he was rescuing his daughter from the clutches of a group of demented female supremacists as he, no doubt, viewed them? More importantly, would he risk his own freedom and fortune to win back his daughter's love and trust, especially since, given her headstrong and uncompromising temperament, there was no guarantee whatsoever that she would ever return his affections?

After I had showered and dressed, I went downstairs to get myself a snack and something to drink. Around 7:30 PM the phone rang. It was Craig. We talked about our eventful day at the beach and how much he was looking forward to participating in the "Long Shots" contest. I had taken the call in the parlor, which was situated at the far end of the hallway just off the kitchen, and was laughing so hard over something he said that I hadn't heard the front door open and close a few minutes later. Just as I was hanging up the phone I noticed someone standing by the doorway in the shadows. Startled, I immediately jumped out of my seat.

"What's so funny?" my cousin said in an unfriendly voice.

"Oh, it's you!" I said, relieved. "I was on the phone with Craig."

"Where's my mother?"

I wasn't about to reveal myself to her as a snoop, so I decided to lie instead of telling her what had transpired between her parents.

"I don't know. She wasn't here when I got home."

I noticed that she was holding a small, metallic suitcase in her hands and she looked very tired.

"Did she leave any messages?"

"Not that I know of."

She paused for a moment and then turned to go.

"Wait a minute," I said moving closer to her. "You've been avoiding me and your mother for three days now. Don't you think you owe us some kind of explanation?"

I had no sooner said those words than I felt those strange hypnotic eyes trying to bore a hole right through me.

"I don't owe anybody anything," she replied in a supercilious tone. "But if you must know, I spent the day at my father's house in Nice."

This was, of course, a lie.

"I thought you and he weren't getting along."

"We're getting along fine," she lied. "And I had to get away from here. I'm sure you know what I mean."

"No, I don't know what you mean. Why don't you explain it to me?"

At first I thought she was going to reply, but she rudely turned her back on me and made a hasty exit toward the stairs. Angry over her lack of courtesy, I ran after her and grabbed her by the shoulders, causing her to drop her suitcase. As it hit the floor the locks sprang open revealing a collection of assorted mechanical devices that appeared cylindrical in shape with human-looking lips attached to pairs of moveable metal arms.

"You idiot!" she yelled, pushing me away.

She quickly got down on her hands and knees and drew the suitcase to her. I watched as she checked each cylinder in turn, making sure nothing had been damaged. When she was certain nothing was amiss, she refastened the locks and stood defiantly with her suitcase once more in hand at the bottom of the stairs.

"What the hell are those things?" I asked.

"None of your fucking business!" she exclaimed, as she made her ascent up the staircase.

"Okay, so you're pissed off at me because I won the contest. That's what this is all about isn't it?"

She kept walking without acknowledging me.

"I'm talking to you!" I yelled after her.

Still, she kept going.

"Oh, let me guess. It's because Lenore chose me over you, right? Is that why you're treating me and everyone else like shit?"

At the top of the stairs she halted and stood with her back toward me for several seconds. She then turned around slowly and looked down upon me much as a tyrant might look upon a pusillanimous subject cringing in the dirt.

"I don't care about the contest, or Lenore, or the fact that my own mother, who was supposed to have supported me, chose to favor you instead. As much as those things anger me, I must force myself to live with them. What I can't live with is the fact that you betrayed me—you, of all people: sweet, naïve, cousin Holly—my best friend. Who would ever have thought that you were such an ambitious bitch? Well thank you for finally revealing your true colors because now I know who the real enemy is—it's you!"

I listened to her diatribe as one might listen to the ravings of a fundamentalist preacher—those misguided fanatics that appear on early morning television who now and then, with handkerchief in hand, are forced to wipe the spittle from their mouths as they ardently expound the virtues of their faith to a rapturous audience of like-minded zealots. She looked impervious perched upon the topmost stair, almost unreachable, like a goddess, daring me to ascend the steps to Olympus so that she could cast down more epithets upon me, certain that one of them would eventually hit their mark and send me hurtling into oblivion.

"Are you out of your mind?" I said, angrily. "I never betrayed you. I only did what I had to do to pass that stupid test!"

"You could have helped me to win," she said, "but you didn't. You wanted all the glory for yourself."

"That's crazy! If you couldn't figure things out on your own then what obligation did I have to help you? If I did it would have been cheating."

Angelique dismissed my explanation with a well-timed guffaw.

"It would have been cheating!" she said, mocking me. "Like it fucking matters."

"It does matter and you know it."

"You like to think that it was just a test," she said smugly, "but it was more than that. It was the determining factor to see who would ultimately lead the Sisterhood after Lenore steps down. Up until then I still had a chance. I'm the natural leader, not you. But Lenore can't see that. Neither can my mother. But I thought you understood. Well, it's all right. I don't need them anymore, and I especially don't need you."

"That's great," I said, unable to contain my disgust. "So all this pretending to accept second place—all of it was just an act?"

"I had to bide my time. I had to see if you were on my side."

"On your side? You weren't the one chosen. I was."

"You're not a leader!" she screamed at me. "You don't deserve the honor that fool Lenore bestowed upon you! And there are many other Sisters who feel the same way!"

"So what are you going to do about it, huh, Angelique? Have you got some weird plan in mind to get me out of the way?"

She gave me a sinister smile but remained silent.

"Fine. Have it your way. But your mother deserves better."

"She can go to hell, and so can you."

The goddess cast one last contemptuous glance at me and turned sharply down the corridor. I heard her high heels clicking in perfect rhythm as she marched toward her bedroom, which was then followed by the sound of a door slamming shut. I had no desire to climb those stairs up to my bedroom, afraid that whatever negative energy she had left behind might also contaminate me. Instead, I headed for my aunt's study and found some innocuous book to read—anything to take my mind off the sickening feeling I had in my stomach from my encounter with the demon that had taken possession of my cousin's soul.

I opened the book and promptly put it down. It suddenly came back to me that both Pierre and Angelique had invoked Hell's punishment in the course of a single evening, and had wished upon their loved ones this unenviable fate with no more compunction than if they had bestowed upon them their blessing. This may have been my uncle's way of dealing with situations over which he had little control, but it certainly was not the way my cousin would have behaved. As disturbing as this thought was, there was something even more troubling about the way in which Angelique had acted toward me. It was some aspect of her personality that I had not recognized right away, its importance dimmed in the fury of our confrontation. But now, with my anger ebbing, I was able to analyze the situation in more depth, and what I discovered during my analysis was a profound truth made blatantly conspicuous by its very absence. That casual approach toward life she often exhibited, that striving to find the humor in any given situation—that was all gone. Even her laugh, as boisterous as it was, had been devoid of warmth. In fact, nothing about her even suggested a hint that those wily machinations of hers—so often resulting in a harmless but uproarious conclusion—were present in her personality. My uncle had been right: Angelique had changed, and the change had been concurrent with my victory over her. Or rather, the seeds of her metamorphosis had already been planted long ago, and all she needed was the right catalyst: me.

I decided to sleep in the guest room of the first floor rather than go upstairs to my own bedroom and chance another encounter with her. For hours I lay awake pondering my next move. It was clear I was now Angelique's enemy, but what was I to do? Should I strive for reconciliation or pack my bags and return home? Should I discuss the situation with my aunt, who was, herself, already beset with her own personal problems, not the least of which was her ostensible estrangement from her daughter? What about my promise to Lenore and the Sisterhood? I had to talk to someone about this issue, but whom? 

It dawned upon me that there was one person who knew a lot about Angelique but who was sufficiently removed from the situation to provide an objective opinion—Charlotte Anjou. Although there was no love lost between her and my cousin, Charlotte did possess an uncanny insight into human nature, as well as professing to be able to see into the future, and she might be able to explain the recent anomalous behavior of my cousin in such terms that an attempt at reconciliation could be made—if I decided to pursue such a course of action. I pulled her card from my purse and dialed her number. After we had exchanged pleasantries, I gave her a brief explanation as to the reason for my requesting a visit, and she told me to stop by her house in the morning to discuss the matter. Following my unpleasant encounter with Angelique, it was refreshing to hear a warm and friendly voice.

Charlotte had told me not to worry, that she would indeed be happy to offer whatever advice and help she could. Knowing this provided me with great comfort, and I soon felt myself relinquishing the tensions of the day that had dwelt so heavily upon me. But as I drifted toward sleep, another image insinuated itself upon my dwindling consciousness. I tried to will it away but it fought to reassert itself. It was something I had encountered in a previous dream: a splash of golden radiance, of normal time condensing into fragments, of some indistinct apparition moving within the whole, and a tiny voice imploring me to remember.

************

"Hey, Craig!" said the voice on the other end of the phone. "It's Barney."

It was 3:00 AM and Craig had been in a dead sleep, his adventures at the beach finally catching up with him. He was so tired he could barely extend his arm out to reach the lamp by his bedside. He had finally picked up the phone on the third ring, cleared his voice a few times, and made a feeble attempt to sound alert.

"Hey, Barney," he replied. "What's up?"

"Look man, I'm sorry I'm calling you so late, but I wanted to say I'm sorry for not showing up yesterday."

"Barney, it's 3:00 AM. Can't we talk about this later?"

"I'm leaving for Montreal now, man. I'm calling to say goodbye."

Craig sat up in his bed, suddenly wide awake. "You're leaving?"

"That's right. Got a 3:30 AM flight."

"I don't understand. What's going on?"

Barney took his time answering. It sounded to Craig that his friend was breathing heavily.

"Barney," Craig said. "Did you hear me?"

Craig thought he heard the sound of female laughter coming over the phone.

"I heard you, bro," Barney replied. "Look, all I can tell you is that my mother is very sick and I have to go home. That's all there is to it. I'm sorry I can't say goodbye to you in person, but that's how it is."

"What's wrong with her?"

"She's...she's very sick, that's all I know."

"Is there anything I can do? Do you want me to come with you?"

"No man, there's not enough time. I have to go now."

"No wait," Craig said reaching for the pen on his night table. "Give me your phone number."

"No time, bro. I'll call you when I get home."

Again, the raucous laughter reached his ears.

"Barney? Where the hell are you?"

"Sometimes shit like this happens, man," his friend replied, hastily. "You've been a good buddy to me, Craig. The best I ever had. God bless you, man. God bless you and take care of yourself."

"Wait a minute! Barney!"

The dial tone sounded loudly in Craig's ear. He put down the phone and tried to fathom exactly what had just transpired. A sick mother? That was one of the oldest routines in the book. And Barney had sounded more evasive than ever. But what was all that heavy breathing about? And the girlish laughter? Given Barney's character, it just didn't make sense for him to pick up and leave in such a fashion.

It was too late to try and intercept him at the airport and Craig never did get Barney's cousin's phone number in Paris. He didn't even know their last name. And Barney didn't carry a cell phone. Fortunately, Craig was going to be visiting with friends for the next several days. He was going to miss Barney a lot.

************

Barney Cole couldn't hang up the phone fast enough. The "hot lips" device attached to his penis had been stopped momentarily so that he could make a call to his friend Craig, at Angelique's insistence, and now the girl turned it back on to see how much longer it would take him to shoot his cum into the cylinder. He had already withstood two hours of continuous manipulation by the insidious device.

He was seated in a chair surrounded by seven women, one of them being Angelique's trusted lieutenant, Marge Davis. The other women were what Angelique referred to as "fluffs," a term given to women in the adult film business who were charged with keeping men in an erect state via oral stimulation of the penis, but who were, in their present capacity, Sisterhood wannabes who were selected to carry out Angelique's orders without question, even if it meant surrendering their bodies for whatever purpose their mistress saw fit.

This was the fourth level of the Masturbatorium: a dungeon-like environment with dirt floors and heavy with the stench of decaying things. Torches sat blazing in iron braziers attached to the concrete walls; there being no concessions to modernity whatsoever. This cavernous room, and the one below it, were the original rooms in which people had been tortured and killed during the unenlightened and bloody period known as the "Dark Ages." Some of the ancient torture devices had still remained, their metallic components almost completely rotted away with the passage of the centuries until only vague skeletons remained. These once formidable instruments of torture lay in a heap in one corner of the room, and surrounding them were huge crates that once contained surplus war rations belonging to the Germans, now emptied by the ravenous vermin that had long ago inhabited this dank, nether world.

Angelique did not like coming here. She did not like the idea that there may still be rats lurking about. But she had now obtained her secret weapon, and her secret could not be made known until the proper moment, and at her discretion. With the upper floors of the Masturbatorium now being decorated by a slew of Sisters in preparation for the "Long Shots" contest, she had no choice but to utilize this unsavory environment or risk having her secret exposed. This was something she could not afford to do.

In order to get Barney and the rest of her accomplices into the dungeon unseen, she was forced to employ the second of two underground tunnels that ran southward in parallel fashion for a distance of one-half mile and terminated in an above ground bunker situated within a grotto that had long been overrun with vegetation. This secondary tunnel, which was actually the first of the two tunnels built, had been constructed during the 18th century when many of the French nobility needed access to a speedy exit in case of invasion by rival factions during the Revolution. It had undergone many repairs during the intervening centuries but ultimately fell into disuse. During World War II, the Germans built another tunnel about a mile southeast of the existing one, a tunnel large enough to accommodate the army's huge transport trucks carrying munitions and supplies. This was the tunnel that was presently in use by the Sisters—a completely modern structure that served as a drop-off point to facilitate the passage of people, foodstuffs, and other assorted items that ultimately found their way into the Masturbatorium.

Angelique had arranged for clandestine deliveries of items she had ordered from her Paris distributor to be brought to the old tunnel entrance—standard dominatrix accoutrements like chains, harnesses, whips, and an assortment of modern gadgets of which the "hot lips" device was one. Even larger machines were wheeled through the tunnel—futuristic-looking devices whose apparent purpose was not readily discernable even by discrete observation, but which could contain a man's body so efficiently that a myriad of functions could be performed on him via a simple, automated program. A few of these dastardly machines stood not far from where Barney sat, awaiting only the delivery of an electrical generator to set them in motion.

For all her insistence on her being cognizant of every activity going on within the confines of the estate, Phoebe was completely unaware that her daughter had been making efficient use of the ancient passageway. She knew that it existed but paid no attention to it. To her, the decrepit tunnel held no interest except as something that should remain sealed up forever. Angelique, far more resourceful than her mother, viewed it as a key element in her play for power. Not only did her use of it make her feel as if she had easily outwitted her mother, it also served to provide her with all the tools she would need to accomplish her goal—to obtain the preeminent position of power within the Sisterhood, and to vanquish the girl she had recently called her friend. And now, as she looked around at the assemblage of people and machinery she had chosen to suit her ends, the possibility of imminent victory over her traitorous cousin became very real.

Angelique had instructed all the women to dress in jeans, boots, and light jackets for this evening's entertainment. For even though the weather outside was hot and humid, the air of the dungeon was cool and fetid. Because of this, she had generously allowed Barney to keep his most of his clothes on, with the exception that his pants and underwear remain down at his feet while the experiment was being conducted.

Barney didn't seem to mind the coolness of the metal chair he was sitting on. In fact, he was sweating so profusely that it afforded him some measure of relief during his arduous ordeal. The women sat in a semicircle around him: Angelique, Marge, and another woman to his right, the other four women to his left. They had all patiently awaited the outcome of this trial, and if things went as Angelique hoped they would, these women would soon form the coterie of a much larger organization—a subset of the Sisterhood group or, more precisely, an offshoot of the established order based upon principles foreign to its parent organization, predicated upon rules and regulations formulated to serve the interests of one willful young woman.

"You handled that conversation with Craig very well," Angelique told Barney, as she punched in some numbers on the remote control.

The machine suddenly came to life, its twin metal arms driving the mechanical mouth up and down at great speed. Barney braced himself against the onslaught, determined not to let the device rob him of his sperm.

"I...I felt bad lying about it," he replied, using both hands to hold his body upright in his chair. "I don't like deceiving people."

Angelique watched his enormous black cock jiggle back and forth within the cylinder, the human-like lips exuding copious amounts of lubricating fluid as they propelled themselves along the entire length of his shaft.

"Sometimes it's necessary to lie," she remarked, in a matter-of-fact tone.

"But it doesn't make it right," Barney said, breathing hard.

"There is no right or wrong. There is only that which serves the needs of the Sisterhood, and that which does not."

Upon saying this, she put the machine into high-speed mode. The sudden impact upon his penis caused him to nearly fly off his chair.

"Holy shit!" he exclaimed, employing all his strength to keep himself from falling over. "What are you doing to me?"

"Just a few more seconds and we'll be finished," she said, indifferent to his feelings.

Marge and the other women were getting a thrill watching Barney's huge torso tossed back and forth by the small and unimposing device. Their laughter, and the constant drone of the machine's motor, was the only sound filling the room. It soon became apparent, however, that the experiment had gone on far too long, and without any appreciable results.

"I think he passed the test, Angelique," Marge said, after almost a minute had passed.

"Just making sure," Angelique replied.

She turned the machine off and told one of the girls to remove the device.

Barney was tired and thirsty, but pleased that he was now, officially, the only man who had not succumbed to the "hot lips" contraption.

"I told you I could do it," he announced with pride.

"You performed superbly!" Marge remarked, as one of the fluffs gently removed the contraption from his penis. "Not a drop of sperm inside!"

Angelique smiled. "Now for the last stage of the experiment."

After Barney had refreshed himself with a glass of water, she ordered him to get up and stand facing the opposite wall.

"I want you to face in this direction and keep both your arms behind your back," she told him. "Just do it the same way we practiced all week and let's see how far we've come."

She then instructed one of the fluffs, who was holding a tape measure in her hands, to stand about several yards away in a straight line from Barney's position.

"Last time he shot it about sixteen feet," she told the girl. "Let's see how well he does now. Keep your eyes on me, not his cock. I'll let you know when he's about to cum."

"Do you think we should use some lubricant?" Marge asked.

"No," Angelique replied. "It's not allowed in the contest so we shouldn't use it now. Just keep him steady while I jerk this black monster off."

Barney watched as the beautiful, blonde girl took his nineteen and three-quarter-inch tool in her right hand. Without much ceremony, and with Marge holding his hips to steady him, she began to masturbate him with hard, extremely rapid strokes, knowing that the two hours spent in the machine would have prepared him for a monstrous orgasm. He groaned aloud as his sperm-laden cock responded to her firm and unyielding grip. He knew that it wouldn't be long before her lovely hand would be coaxing out giant spurts of semen in hot, creamy surrender for all the women to see.

From the moment Angelique had asked him to be her champion he knew that he could not refuse her. He wasn't sure if it was her seductive smile, her flirtatious yet inviting sexuality, or her splendid pair of legs that won him over. Maybe it was all of these things and more. Barney had always had a passion for blonde, white women, and to him, she represented the finest of what her race had to offer—a treasure he could not pass up. His passion for her was such that it had forced him to deceive his best friend, and even to betray some of his own principles, one of which was his own lifelong penchant for honesty. The notion that he had acted on false pretenses continued to disturb him even as he was surrendering himself to the will of this arrogant girl. The few moments of pleasure he would derive from this "test" could not prevent the growing anxiety that continued to gnaw away at him: the knowledge that he had not been true to himself.

Barney's eight-year marriage to his ex-wife, Janine, had been a study in contrasts. She was an unrefined, taciturn, and ambitionless woman who found Barney's perennial upbeat attitude to life inexplicable. Their stormy marriage had been punctuated with frequent disagreements and emotional upsets, with Barney often assuming a placatory role. Eventually, her negative, energy-draining attitude to life began to siphon the life out of him, and their lovemaking ultimately became nothing more than a set of mechanical exercises performed by rote. He eventually fell into a state of depression wherein he found barely any satisfaction with sex at all. His desire to rectify this problem led him to the Swensen Research Clinic in Stockholm, where the doctors, in particular one very pretty, young, blonde researcher—Rebecca Hellstrom—proved instrumental in his cure. And now, as he watched Angelique masturbate him, her long blonde hair swaying to and fro in time with her masterful stroking, he thought of Rebecca and how wonderful it was to once more submit to the control of a beautiful, white woman.

"I can't take much more, baby," he said, spitting the words out between clenched teeth.

"Hold off just another second," Angelique commanded him. "I'm going to use my thumb and forefinger just under your corona."

When Barney saw her fingers grip the tip of his shaft, he felt his legs almost give out under him.

"Oh, fuck!" he screamed. "Oh, fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

Angelique was thrilled to see this powerful black man now completely under her spell. She looked up into his face and smiled wickedly, running her tongue quickly back and forth over her top lip. Barney groaned.

"Here it comes!" she yelled to the fluff with the tape measure. "It's the first spurt that counts, don't bother with the others."

Barney thrust his hips backwards and Marge tightened her hold on him as Angelique delivered the final strokes to his now erupting penis.

As she pulled up on him, a long jet of white-hot sperm shot out of his prick and flew across the room with amazing speed. Because the room was poorly illuminated, some of the girls didn't even see the cumshot. But, fortunately, the fluff with the tape measure did see it, and she quickly ran to the spot where his cum had landed and stood there waiting to see the remainder of his orgasm.

Angelique's hand was moving so fast that Barney was totally overwhelmed, his body rigid and flushed as he sank backward into Marge's waiting arms. The first shot had indeed traveled extremely far, and because it appeared that it had reached an unprecedented distance, Angelique decided to reward her champion by letting him experience the kind of orgasm only she believed she could provide.

Whatever methods she employed seemed to be highly successful because several successive shots of sperm landed not far from the first far-reaching jet. Two of the girls, standing to one side, had to dodge when one of the volleys sailed over their heads, but were nevertheless christened by three subsequent copious emissions that shot out with such force that a good portion of both their clothes became saturated with sperm.

As Barney continued to ejaculate, Marge shifted her position a bit so that she could watch his orgasm. She let out an ecstatic cry of joy when, after she had whimsically placed her hand under his testicles, a tremendous explosion of sticky semen shot high up into the air above her head and splashed into the wall behind her. Angelique had seen this through the corner of her eye and laughed.

"Spit it all out you black bastard!" she said, pulling violently on his prick

Another thick wash of white cream sailed out of his tortured organ in obedience to her command and struck the dirt several feet away. This was followed by another half dozen ejaculations, most of which reminded me of lotion being pumped out of a dispenser as it splashed over her fingers and trickled down onto his balls and Marge's tickling hand.

When the last ejaculation became nothing more than a tiny dribble, Angelique removed her hand from his penis and wiped the sperm off her fingers with a towel. Barney fell to the floor in a heap. Never since his involvement with the EJAX-472 experiments did he experience such a powerful and voluminous orgasm. When it was announced that his first cumshot had reached the unheard-of distance of twenty-one feet, all the women, except Angelique, rewarded him with a round of applause. Instead, she gazed down upon his prostrate body and smiled proudly, as one who had just achieved a great victory. Her secret weapon was now ready to face the world.

************

Charlotte Anjou's house was a quaint, but unimposing, two-story wooden structure located just north of the Château de Versailles in Versailles, a large, suburban city approximately ten miles Southwest of Paris. This chic suburb was extremely compartmented; divided by large avenues that created the impression of several small cities ignoring each other. The area in which she lived had retained its very bourgeois atmosphere, and although it was a pleasant-looking neighborhood, I wondered why a woman of her apparent wealth and social position would not have chosen a more exclusive area in which to live.

I had left my aunt's estate at about 10:00 AM, having seen neither hide nor hair of my aunt or Angelique. I had a quick breakfast then showered, dressed, and called for a cab. I arrived at her house just around 11:00 AM, anxious to meet with this beautiful and enigmatic woman.

As the cab pulled up to the house, I noticed that the front yard was festooned with a variety of flowers, which ran along the periphery of the lawn bordering the street. To the right stood a splendid-looking rock garden and several small pieces of statuary, including a winged Cupid that stood in the center of the garden. The entire yard had a meticulous look to it, and the heady fragrance of the flowers put me in a wonderful mood.

I arranged with the driver to pick me up in a few hours and made my way up the stone walk. I had chosen to wear only a blouse and a pair of cutoffs as the weather was terribly hot and humid, but regretted this choice when Charlotte answered the door in a formal, dark blue, business suit, looking every bit like a CEO preparing to address a meeting of stockholders.

"Bon jour, Holly!" she said kissing me on both cheeks. "Entre donc! Entre donc!"

She led me into a room immediately off the hallway to the right, which was more or less a sitting room that possessed a very lived-in quality to it. The décor was simple but elegant: a green, upholstered, antique couch; two similarly styled sofas, but in burgundy; two end tables and a coffee table all with pink, marble tops designed in Italianate fashion, and, in one corner next to the room's large bay window, a magnificent grand piano with a pile of sheet music resting on the stool next to it. There was a four-tiered, lawyer's bookcase that sat against the wall directly behind the piano, which was full of law books and other various legal tomes. Some books on music had somehow found their way onto the top shelf. Despite the heat outside, the room was perfectly cool and pleasant.

"The trees," she explained. "They cover the whole house. That's why it's always so nice here in the summer."

Motioning for me to sit down, she excused herself and went into the kitchen. Moments later she came back with a tray of croissants and other assorted pastries and two large glasses of ice tea.

"Thank you," I said, as she handed me the glass of tea. "You have a lovely home."

"Merci. I think it is. It belonged to my parents and it was left to me after they died. Some people think because I'm an Anjou that I have a lot of money, but it's not true. Everything in this house, except for the furniture in this room, I earned myself from practicing law."

"I noticed the law books in your bookcase," I said.

"And the music books! That's my true love—the piano!" She laughed gaily as she glanced at the instrument across the room. "I have the analytical mind of a lawyer and the sensitivity of a musician, so my father used to tell me. Do you play?"

"I play guitar a little. But I'm not all that good," I admitted.

"I'm not that good either," she confessed, "that's why I took up law."

Her manner was so easy and relaxed that I immediately felt at home in her presence.

"So, how is everyone back at the chateau?" she asked.

"I wish I could say they were fine, but they're not."

"Oh?" she replied, searching my face. "Why is that?"

"Well, I don't have to tell you that Angelique hates my guts. Last night she finally admitted it."

"You confronted her?"

"I had to. She hadn't spoken to my aunt or me in several days. I wanted to know why."

"And what did she tell you?"

"She told me that she regards me as her enemy, and that I should go to Hell."

Charlotte's face grew dark. "She said that to you?"

"Yes."

"Because you defeated her in the test?"

I nodded. "Because I didn't help her to win."

My gracious host's smile quickly turned into a frown. "Help her to win? Espèce d'imbécile! This girl is beyond arrogant!"

"She's not the same person," I said, my eyes downcast. "She hates everybody now. She hates Lenore for naming me her successor. She hates her mother for supporting Lenore. And she hates me...most of all."

"She hates you because you are the true leader, not her. Lenore is a very wise woman. She chose you because she believes in her heart that you are the right person to lead the Sisterhood after she resigns. I had dinner with her a few days ago and she told me as much. From what I know of you, I have to agree with her assessment."

"I never wanted this honor. I don't really have any desire to be a leader."

"That's why it must be you," she said, putting her hand on my shoulder. "As sad as this may sound, with the exception of your aunt Phoebe and a handful of others, Lenore really can't trust anyone within the Sisterhood. There's too much divisiveness; too many cliques jockeying for power; and one very angry and disillusioned girl who sees her chances for achieving power diminishing day by day because of you."

"But why did she suddenly become psychotic? I don't understand how her personality could have changed so much in such a short time."

Charlotte removed her hand from my shoulder and sighed gently. "The seeds of dissolution were planted in her at a very early age, and your uncle had a lot to do with it. I know because I was there during those days and I saw it myself. Her contempt for men, her insolence toward authority figures, and the hatred she shows toward the whole world is a direct result of the way your uncle treated your aunt Phoebe. She saw your aunt suffer. She witnessed the arguments, the threats... and, of course, the beatings..."

She saw the look of sudden bewilderment on my face and shook her head.

"Oh, yes, Holly, trust me. I know for a fact that he hit his wife...and Angelique too. Pierre always had an affinity for the wine, and he often took out his frustrations on them both. Phoebe taught her daughter to keep all the resentment she had for her father locked up inside her—just as Phoebe did, but Phoebe had coping mechanisms that Angelique did not possess. And your aunt wanted to preserve the illusion of family cohesion at all costs. So Angelique, you might say, became a walking time bomb. And failing this test is the thing that finally set her off. That's because Angelique sees the Sisterhood as a vehicle to get back at those who have hurt her. You are, in effect, responsible for standing in the way of her vengeance. When viewed from this perspective, her psychosis becomes much more understandable...and disturbing."

It took a while for me to absorb the full impact of her words. On the surface, my cousin had always projected a proud and confident demeanor to the world. It was certainly true that she was also arrogant and contemptuous of men, but I had no idea how deep the resentment flowed. My uncle's character, which I had always viewed as beyond reproach until his dalliance was discovered, took on a new and frightening dimension when viewed in the light of Charlotte's exposé. It went a long way toward explaining my cousin's aberrant mind-set.

"I would have never believed my uncle to be so cruel. No wonder Angelique's so screwed up."

"Pierre wasn't much of a man then, but he is even less now," she said, disparagingly.

"What do you mean?"

"He's sinking. Years of guilt and self-loathing have finally caught up with him. He's a shadow of his former self now. His businesses are losing money hand over fist because he can no longer cope with reality."

"How do you know this?"

"Because I'm his lawyer."

"You?"

"Not that I feel any particular obligation to him, but we are related by blood after all. We both carry the Anjou name."

She said this with a sense of pride, as if the name itself were worth preserving even when the person himself was no longer worthy of it.

"But you're a member of the Sisterhood."

"He knows that."

"But doesn't that present a conflict of interest?"

"The truth is, he poses no real threat to us. But more importantly, all his one-time associates are tending to desert him now that his financial problems are slowly becoming public. I'm the only one he can trust, so he's turned to me."

"How badly is he in debt?" I asked.

"If we can't find a way to keep his creditors off his back, he'll lose everything."

Now I understood why my uncle seemed indifferent when my aunt threatened him with a lawsuit. If he became ruined financially, it would not make much difference if she went to the police or not. It would just be so much more wood upon the fire. In his tortured mind he might regard such an action as divine retribution for his past offences against his family—a fait accompli of such sublimity that only the gods could have orchestrated it.

But did he really think he would find inner peace in trying to seek absolution from his daughter? Did he truly believe that he could redeem himself in her eyes for years of abuse? With his world potentially on the verge of crumbling down around him, why reach out to someone who wouldn't think twice about removing the last stone from his teetering financial foundation?

"My uncle paid a visit to my aunt last night," I said.

"I know. I spoke to him this morning," she replied. "I told him not to go but he insisted upon seeing Angelique."

"Why? What does he want from her?"

"He's seeking forgiveness," she replied. "It's a noble but feeble gesture. I would say the chances of her forgiving him are almost nonexistent."

"He told my aunt that he's trying to save her from the Sisterhood."

"Oh, he doesn't think much of our organization, that's for sure. But he won't admit the truth to Phoebe. He's too proud to humble himself like that before her."

I folded my hands and placed them in my lap. "This whole situation is so messed up. I wish I had never come here."

Charlotte placed her hands over mine and leaned in toward me. Her tone of her voice was soft but emphatic.

"You have a decision to make. You can stay and continue your training or you can go home to America. But if you do leave, the Sisterhood will denounce you, and all those Sisters who believe that Lenore was wrong in choosing you as her successor will be vindicated. It will also open the door for other, less desirable, candidates to make a bid for the leadership, and Angelique will be the first in line."

"If she wants it that bad, maybe she should have it."

"Never!" she said, suddenly raising her voice. "She must never become its leader. It would mark the end of the Sisterhood as we know it."

I shook my head numbly. "I feel like I'm having that horrible dream all over again."

"What dream?"

I was not sure if I should divulge the contents of my recent nightmare to her, but I needed to speak to someone about it. And her warmth and interest put me sufficiently at ease to make the attempt.

"I haven't told this to anyone, but I feel that I can share it with you. All is ask is that you keep it between us."

"I will. I promise," she said softly.

"I had a dream several nights ago that this woman—she called herself Yvette, and she looked a lot like you—took me on a journey to this dark, underground cavern. She called it the 'Masturbatorium,' but it didn't look anything like the one we know. She said that it was a vision of what it might look like in the future if I neglected my duty to the Sisterhood..."

In the midst of my speech my host unexpectedly looked away from me and gazed worriedly out the window, forcing me to stop in mid-sentence. At first I thought she had noticed something outside that was demanding her attention, but I soon realized that it was my words that were producing the troubled look upon her face. I resumed speaking as she continued to look away, and when I finally concluded my speech she rose from her seat and walked over to the bookcase and withdrew an oversized, leather-bound book. She rifled quickly through the pages and when she finally found what she was looking for she handed the book to me.

"Is that the woman you saw?"

On the page was a black and white line drawing done in ink of a woman who looked very much like the one I had seen in my dream. She was holding a glass orb in her hands and her head was covered with a veil. Underneath the illustration were some words written in Latin, which I could not decipher.

"Audaces fortuna iuvat," Charlotte said. "Fortune favors the brave."

"That's the motto of the Sisterhood," I said.

"That's right," Charlotte replied. "And that is the likeness of Yvette Anjou, the founder of our Order...and my distant ancestor."

I looked at the picture again and then at Charlotte and was amazed at the similarity of their facial features. "You look just like her!"

"The resemblance is uncanny isn't it? You say this is the woman you saw in your dream?"

"Yes."

Charlotte resumed her seat beside me and took a sip of tea. "Prescience runs strong in my family," she began. "And Yvette was the first and the greatest of clairvoyants. During her lifetime she predicted many events that ultimately came to pass: the French Revolution, the rise and fall of Napoleon, and a prediction yet to be fulfilled—the establishment of a new world order governed by a Sisterhood of women dedicated to the abolishment of war."

I told her that this prediction was highly unlikely to come to pass.

"War seems to be the natural impulse of men," I informed her.

"Of men, yes, but not of women. With women in control, the incidence of war would be lessened and eventually terminated altogether. But that can only happen with females in power. As long as men continue to rule the world, war and all its attendant evils will continue."

I shut the book and put it down on the table in front of me. "Look, I'm all for peace and everything, but I don't see how the Sisterhood will ever attain such power. Men are still firmly in control of everything."

She smiled. "Yes, right now they are. But things will be much different a few hundred years from now."

"A few hundred years?" I said, doubtfully. "I don't think so."

Charlotte looked at me with some measure of disappointment, as though she had expected a different response from me.

"I want to ask you something and I hope that you will accept it with equanimity." Her face took on a more contemplative expression as she carefully sought to choose the right words. "Do you believe that there is more to this life than that which you experience via your senses?"

"Our senses are the only means by which we can interpret the world."

"Yes, that is true. But as wonderful as our brains are, they are also limited. Do you accept the proposition that there may be things in this universe that are, as of yet, beyond our knowledge and comprehension?"

"I would say so, yes."

This earned me an even bigger smile. "The dream you had was not so much a dream as it was a vision. And what you experienced was something very unique in this world. It is my belief that Yvette has been in contact with you."

I looked at her askance. "I don't believe..."

"The life energy of the soul can exist beyond the mortal realm, and can sometimes communicate its intent over vast stretches of space and time."

"Do you really believe that?"

"Of course," she assured me. "You must open your mind to the possibility at the very least, Holly. Can you do that?"

"I suppose so," I replied doubtfully.

" From what you told me, it seems that she has shown you a glimpse of one possible future reality, and not a good one."

"It wasn't good at all," I said, recalling the vision of the myriads of men tortured mercilessly by their female captors. "There was lots of pain and suffering...it was a horrible vision."

"But that reality need never exist. Yvette told you that."

I nodded. "She said that if I did not shirk my responsibility to the Sisterhood then that vision of the future would never occur."

"And do you think she was telling you the truth?"

"I don't know. It all seems so fantastic. How can my decision to remain in the Sisterhood or leave it affect the outcome of future events?"

"Each of us makes our imprint upon the future by what we do in the present. Some people's imprints are more pivotal than others, making them the conduit through which great changes are effected. I don't know why this is, but I believe you are one of those people."

"So what are you saying? The fate of the entire Sisterhood rests in my hands?"

"As with all things concerning the supernatural, one cannot say with any certainty what results will occur from any particular action in the here and now. There are simply too many variables. I think Yvette was simply issuing you a warning. She was trying to help point the way. It is up to you figure out the rest."

I didn't mean to laugh, but I couldn't help myself. "Oh, that's very convenient! And how am I supposed to do that?"

"I don't know," she said. "But my instincts tell me that the answer will reveal itself to you in a very short time."

"Well I hope it's soon because I don't know how much longer I can stand to live in that crazy household."

"Your aunt loves you, even if Angelique doesn't. If only for her sake, don't leave her alone in that chateau with your cousin."

"Why do you say that?"

At first Charlotte seemed hesitant to offer an explanation.

"Charlotte? What is it?"

"I don't want to alarm you, Holly," she said gently, "but when I talked to Angelique during that session with Mr. Villon, I felt a cold and menacing presence in the room with us. Now I'm not saying your cousin is possessed, or anything like that. But for a split second I saw her spiritual aura emanating from outside her body. It was only for an instant, and what I saw terrified me."

Charlotte reached for her glass and drank the remainder of the contents in one gulp. She seemed visibly shaken by her recollection.

"You see, sometimes being a clairvoyant is not such a wonderful thing."

"But what was it you saw?" I asked, curious to know the truth.

She reached out her hand, grasped the leather book, and placed it gently in her lap. It seemed to me that she found some sort of comfort in it.

"I don't know how to explain it," she said. "I saw an image of... something dark and indistinct moving within a radiant golden light...it was blinding...and I felt as if it wanted to... devour me..."

As she described what she had seen, I let out a stifled cry.

"That can't be possible," I said, trying to avert the sensation of terror coming over me.

"You've seen this too?" Charlotte said, pressing me for information.

A sudden, awful realization was reflected in my face, a look that made my host reach out a trembling hand to me.

"You saw what I saw!" she exclaimed.

For a moment all I could feel was my own terror and her cold, shaking hand upon mine.

"Holly, tell me what it was you saw."

"It was when we reached the bottom level of the Masturabatorium," I said, envisioning the ghastly image once more in my mind. "That's when I saw it. It was hungry... and it wanted to devour me, too, but she reached out her hand...and willed it away. 'The Beast,' that's what Yvette called it."

"The Beast ..." Charlotte uttered, her face turning pale.

For a long while we regarded each other in silence. The coincidence (or was it?) of a shared vision was too astounding for either of us to easily accept. With tears welling in her eyes, she finally excused herself and went into the bathroom. She didn't come out until a few minutes later, and she seemed quite distraught.

"Holly," she said, sitting down next to me. "I don't know what all this means, but the fact that you and I saw the same thing means that your vision—my vision—must be taken seriously. I do know that Angelique is somehow involved in it, but to what degree I can't tell. My advice to you is to stay out of her way and don't do anything to provoke her." 

"Training for the contest begins in a few days. I have no choice but to compete against her."

"Compete yes. But don't confront her. I'll run interference for you if you like."

"You'll be there?" I asked, suddenly hopeful.

"I feel an obligation to protect you. I think it what's Yvette would want."

"Then will you be part of my team? I've already chosen my champion."

She took my hand in hers. "You and I are two spirits joined together in a common cause it seems."

"I feel that way, too," I replied, feeling as if an oppressive burden had just been lifted off my shoulders. "Do you foresee good things for us?"

Charlotte forced herself to smile even though her eyes looked sad. "I don't know. But I can tell you that I see a great rift forming within the Sisterhood, and even as we speak, battle lines are now being drawn. As much as I hate to say it, we must be ready to go to war."

************

The weekend was spent formalizing plans for the week's worth of training Craig would be undergoing for the contest. Although my champion was still upset at Barney's unexpected departure, his choice to visit with friends during this time helped to alleviate some of his ill feelings toward his wayward pal. We called each other several times a day, and when we talked it always seemed to put him in a better mood. He promised me that he had been true to his word and had not ejaculated for three days straight. I called him my "joy toy."

"Don't you mean 'boy' toy?" he said.

"No, I mean 'joy' toy," I replied. "Because your big cock brings me a lot of joy."

"It's going to bring you a lot more than that!" he laughed, explaining how shocked everyone would be at the amount of sperm he would eventually ejaculate after almost two weeks of forced denial.

I had entertained the idea of simply training Craig on my own, with the aid of maybe another girl or two. But after consulting with Lenore, she advised me to put together a team in order to provide me with the best possible chance of winning. As I was already a late entry in the contest, I had to scramble to put together a preliminary list of all those people whom I felt might be likely candidates for my team, sometimes consulting Lenore for her opinion about which women she thought might work best with me. She offered her help graciously, approving my idea of enjoining Charlotte Anjou's aid wholeheartedly. Lenore, herself, would not take part in the competition since she would be working with my aunt Phoebe, Justine, Estelle, and many others to help run the event. They could, of course, touch and fondle the contestants at any time prior to the contest, but only with the approval of the team's Masturbatrix.

After narrowing down the list of Sisterhood profiles, I finally put together a group of women whom I believed would constitute a championship team based upon their personalities and work ethics. I was to be the principal trainer (Domina), or Masturbatrix; Charlotte Anjou would be Domina I, the person who would take my place if necessary; Dr. Joanna Monroe would be Domina II; Felicia Antonetti and Janet Walsh would be my Assistant Trainers; and Zula would act as Rectifier, the one responsible for keeping the entire team in working order.

All these women were available to me, which meant that they had no champion of their own and had not associated themselves with any other team. In this I was fortunate, as each of them, with the exception of Charlotte, had previously achieved success of some kind or another in these contests. Once I had contacted each of them and each one agreed to join my team, I then had to set up a time for all of us to meet. It was decided that we should meet at Dr. Monroe's house in Paris on Sunday afternoon. I did this as a strictly precautionary measure in order to keep my devious cousin from possibly interfering in my business. And knowing her penchant for duplicity, it was certainly possible. I went over every conceivable contingency with them and came away firmly convinced that my decision to employ these particular women was the correct one. After we had shared some tea and exchanged pleasantries, I asked Zula to prep everyone as to the particulars of the contest, as she had taken part in several of them in the past.

"These contests usually start with a lot of teams," she informed us. "It's kind of like the Olympics. They compete against each other until the losers are weeded out."

"How is that accomplished?" Charlotte asked.

"After the opening ceremony tomorrow, the judges will be going around to watch each man as he's being masturbated by his Masturbatrix. If anyone fails to make the 10-foot limit, they're out of the contest."

"Ten feet?" she asked incredulously.

"These guys have to shoot their cum at least that far in order to compete."

Janet Walsh chuckled loudly. "I'll be that little pygmy guy can't even shoot his stuff ten inches!"

"Don't underestimate him," Zula said. "Sometimes it's these little guys who win. And they usually have the biggest testicles too. I got a glimpse of them under that leather thong he was wearing. They're immense."

"Exactly how far do the judges expect these men to shoot their sperm?" Charlotte inquired.

"There is no fixed requirement. But last year the winning distance was just over 17 feet."

Joanna laughed aloud. "That's because of all these new training devices we have now. Especially this thing they call 'hot lips'. I hear it's really excellent at getting out the sperm!"

"I heard that, too," Zula said, explaining to us what it was. "A few minutes with that thing on and there might not even be a contest! Just a bunch of overflowing canisters!"

The image of dozens of men being mechanically milked and shooting their sperm uncontrollably into a plastic cylinder made Felicia squeal. "Anybody for a milkshake?" she joked.

"I'll bring the strawberries!" Janet chimed in.

"So what does that mean?" I asked Zula. "I assume some of these guys will accidentally ejaculate during training. Does that automatically exclude them?"

"No," she replied. "But their chances of winning are reduced because their sperm capacity has been compromised. That's why you have rectifiers...people like me who make certain that doesn't happen."

"Go on."

"Well, eventually you're going to be left with seven teams. Winner takes all."

Charlotte sat back in her chair and crossed her legs. "I can't begin to imagine the pressure on these men. I've never attended one of these contests, but it sounds to me like they're going to be climbing the walls."

"Some of them do!" Felicia observed.

"What's the prize?"

"Since Phoebe is sponsoring this year's contest," Zula replied, "she's decided that ten thousand dollars should go to the guy."

"Ten thousand?" Janet asked. "I don't remember any of our previous contestants winning that much!"

"That's Phoebe for you," Felicia said. "Generous to a fault."

Zula agreed. "Well, listen to this. The winning Masturbatrix will receive the coveted 'Antoinette' award..."

"Antoinette award?" I asked.

"Named after Marie Antoinette," she explained, "a one-time member of our Sisterhood—and one hundred thousand dollars. The team gets to split another hundred thousand dollars between them. And there are many other prizes and gifts to go with it."

"That's an awfully large payout," Charlotte commented.

"Maybe," Joanna replied. "But the Sisterhood expects the winners to contribute a portion of that back into our organization."

"Even so. Why award so much money for what is essentially a handjob contest?"

"It's much more than that," Felicia said. "To have that kind of control over a man requires a unique blend of scientific application and artistic technique. Only the most gifted Masturbatrix ever achieves such greatness."

Charlotte displayed one of her enigmatic smiles. "That may be, Felicia, but to me it sounds like a dog show."

"That's kind of what it is," Zula said. "The men are the dogs and we are their trainers, trying to get them to perform an extremely difficult sexual feat."

"I suppose they're kept on collars too?"

"Some of them actually like it," Joanna said.

"What's wrong, Charlotte?" I asked her. "Are you having any doubts about taking part in this competition?"

"I may not have witnessed many 'Long Shots', Holly, but as far as handjobs are concerned I've learned a thing or two about what works and what doesn't. Don't worry. I won't fail you."

"I know you won't," I replied.

She gave me a reassuring smile and then turned to Zula.

"It seems to me that the Sisters takes these competitions very seriously."

"Some do and some don't," Zula replied. "There are those that will train the whole year to compete in the contest, and there are others who do it on a whim."

"What the farthest cumshot on record?" I asked Zula.

She took a long sip of tea and placed her cup back on the table. "Eighteen feet, four inches."

"You're kidding!" Charlotte exclaimed.

"No, I'm not. Ask Felicia or Janet. They were there last year."

Janet laughed aloud as she recalled the event. "Monsieur LaSalle from the vineyard. That's who it was. I was his Masturbatix. Felicia and I had teased him for 2 weeks straight with no release."

"And when he came, he came!" Felicia quickly emphasized. "It was truly amazing!"

"Are you talking about Jacques LaSalle, my aunt's foreman?" I asked Janet.

"Do you know him?"

"We met once," I replied, remembering his warm brown eyes and his kindness to me.

"Well, let me tell you, that man can spurt a mile. I believe he's in the contest again this year. Angelique's got him."

"Really?" I said with a touch of dismay, wondering what my cousin had done to enlist his services. "I didn't know she had chosen him as her champion."

"Teams don't have to announce their champions until the first day of training," Zula said.

Fully aware of my cousin's secretive ways, I knew such a ruling could only act in her favor. And it explained why she had been so silent about the issue.

"Janet and I tired to get him to be our champion for this year's contest," Felicia told me. "But the rules forbid a team from using the same champion two years in a row."

"You must have been quite disappointed," I said.

"Oh, we were. Very disappointed. But rules are rules."

"So now my cousin has him."

"And she stands a good chance of winning, too," she said, looking sullen.

"That's why we decided not to bother with it," Janet added. "That is, until you told us about Craig."

Joanna looked down at the paper she held in her hands listing the contest's rules and regulations. "Speaking of him," she said to me. "What more can you tell us about our champion?"

Zula snickered. "What more do you need to know, Joanna? He's got a nineteen-inch prick for Christ's sake!"

"Nineteen and three quarters," Joanna shot back. "I know his statistics. What I what to know is...what is he like? You've spent a lot of time with him, Holly. Fill us in."

"Well, I can tell you that he's not a true submissive, so using any kind of humiliation or force won't work. However, he has a tremendous desire to please women. The more pleasure we allow him to give us, the more enslaved to our will he'll become."

"So we can forget about the leash!" Janet noted.

"It's not necessary. Once we get our hands on him, he'll do whatever we want."

I saw Felicia quickly glance around the room at the others. "I think, girls, that Holly already has him eating out of her hands."

"Is that true, Holly?" Joanna asked.

"A little," I admitted.

"Oh, come on," Zula said. "I'll bet it's more than that!"

"Okay, I really like him a lot. And he likes me. But I assure you I want to keep this contest thing strictly professional."

"I wouldn't worry about it girl," Zula said. "The fact that you've got a thing for each other may actually work to our advantage—he'll try harder!"

Everyone laughed.

"All I know is," Felicia remarked, "we're going to need every advantage possible if we're going to beat Angelique."

Charlotte looked straight at me. "I, for one, will be happy to see that girl bite the dust for a second time."

"We haven't won yet," Zula reminded her.

After we had concluded our business, Joanna prepared us dinner and our conversation turned to other matters. By the time I got home, I felt assured that victory might very well be within our grasp.

************

The armada of trucks, vans, and cars began arriving at the estate at roughly seven o'clock in the morning the following day. I had set my alarm for an hour earlier so that I could wash, dress, and run down to the kitchen for a fast bowl of cold cereal. My aunt and Angelique were already having breakfast together as I walked in, and I was surprised to see them happily engaged in conversation after so many days of noninvolvement with each other. I was further shocked when Angelique actually deigned to greet me with a pleasant 'good morning,' and then went one step further by wishing me good luck in the contest.

"I'm sorry if I lost my temper with you the other day," she said to me. "I was in a pretty bad state of mind, but I'm over it now. I hope we can still be friends."

It sounded to me as if she had rehearsed this statement all evening. Even so, I could not help but feel that the words were sticking in her throat.

"Sure," I said, coolly. "Forget about it."

My aunt perceived my half-hearted response as an ostensible gesture toward reconciliation and immediately demanded that my cousin and I amend our relationship with a hug.

"I don't want to see my two favorite girls at odds with each other. Now, come on, both of you. Let's make up."

For my aunt's sake I pretended to act as if the issue were not as serious as it really was. I did not believe for an instant that my cousin entertained any real desire to seek to repair our damaged friendship. But seeing my aunt so happy, especially after her bitter confrontation with my uncle and her brief period of alienation from her daughter, dissuaded me from wanting to cause her any further grief.

Angelique threw her arms around me as if greeting a long, lost friend.

"That's so nice to see," my aunt beamed, as I reluctantly returned Angelique's hug.

For my part, I could not understand why my cousin was acting in such a genial fashion, let alone bothering to make feigned reparations with me in front of her mother. I detected an increased level of self-assurance within her obligatory attempt to befriend me: an almost sinister arrogance that seemed to laugh at me from behind a wall of artificial repentance for actions for which she had never meant to apologize. She might have temporarily forestalled any further confrontations with her mother by conniving her into believing her intentions were honest, but I didn't buy the act. As such, I removed myself from her embrace in a hasty fashion, so much so that she looked at me askance, as if she knew I was on to the truth, and for a moment I saw the old, familiar glint of disdain in her eyes and shuddered.

"I should get going," I said to them as I started to walk out.

"But what about your breakfast?" my aunt asked.

"I'll take it later," I replied. "I have a few things to attend to before the crowds come."

"Well, I just want you to know that the Sisters and other attendees will all be meeting by the south entrance. We're expecting at least six or seven hundred people, so all of us are going to be very busy with preparations. Both of you must be in the Masturbatorium by 9:00 AM with your champion and all the members of your team. You will then be assigned training rooms that will be used by you exclusively for the entire week leading up to the contest. I have several Sisters on duty to help you with any questions or problems."

"Okay, aunt Phoebe. Thanks."

"Here's your remote control for the access elevator," she said, handing me the device. "Only you, myself, Angelique, and Lenore will be able to get to the Masturbatorium from here. No one else is to use it."

"I understand."

"And make sure neither of you is late or you'll forfeit your spot."

Angelique looked at me as though staring down a trapped animal. "Don't worry, mom," she said impassively. "I'll be there on time."

I walked out of there as fast as I could. There was no way I was going to remain in that kitchen with Angelique glaring at me with those menacing blue eyes. She hadn't fooled me and she knew it. I would simply return to have my breakfast later when she was no longer around.

I headed back up to my bedroom feeling forlorn. From the moment I had seen my aunt and Angelique sitting together in friendly conversation, I thought that maybe my cousin had returned to her former self; that maybe she had come to her mother to apologize and to seek repentance for her dismal behavior. Realizing that this was simply a pretence only served to make me despair of any real chance at reestablishing our former equilibrium. Yet, it is strange how the human heart will tend toward tolerance and forgiveness when one's loved ones are concerned. Some part of me wished for Angelique to be my friend again, and when I realized this was not possible, I cursed myself for engaging in such a foolish notion. But why the sudden turnaround? Why was Angelique pretending to be nice to us?

Charlotte had recently warned me that my cousin was 'her own best friend' and that she was a 'master' at playing mind games. I knew this was true for it had been borne out in her actions. And as I stood looking out my window at the first of a long train of vehicles descending over the rolling hills to the south, it dawned upon me that her sudden act of friendliness was engendered by the belief that she was going to win the contest. What else would have allowed her to behave so impudently and carefree if not that she was completely assured of victory over her rivals—and especially me? Her confident demeanor should have tipped me off, but I was momentarily thrown off guard by her award-winning act.

The truth was, she did stand an excellent chance of winning. From what my teammates had told me, Jacques LaSalle seemed a formidable opponent. And it was certainly in Angelique's nature to engage in the kind of smug presumption I had just witnessed, elevating arrogance to a virtue, as though by merely believing in one's competence one might assume the mantle of greatness. On top of that, she had a score to settle: an act of redemption that the entire Sisterhood must witness, and to be performed by her very own hand, literally. And with every creamy salvo of semen coaxed out by her incomparably beautiful hands, she would thus be vindicated; the stigma she had been forced to accept by failing the test completely erased when she held the "Antoinette" trophy up high for all to see.

I waited for about fifteen minutes before going downstairs again and thankfully the kitchen was empty. I had my breakfast and then took the elevator down to the first level. As the elevator doors opened I was greeted by the unwelcome sight of my cousin, standing by herself in the antechamber that led out into the tunnel. She wasn't at all surprised to see me, leading me to believe that she had purposely remained behind to confront me. She forced a smile but it contained as much sincerity in it as one might find on the grinning face of a hyena just before it moves in for the kill.

"That was quite a performance you put on," I said, "but you didn't fool me one bit."

"I did it to shut my mother up," she confessed freely. "Now that I'm back in her good graces, I intend to stay there."

I didn't know how she had managed to get back on speaking terms with my aunt and I didn't care.

"What do you want, Angelique?"

"I want to know what your intentions are," she asked, pointedly.

"About what?"

"About leaving. After you lose the contest are you going to continue to wear out your welcome here, or are you going to do the smart thing and go home?"

She asked this question in such a disparaging way that I almost didn't bother to answer her.

"I haven't made any plans as of yet," I said curtly. "And there's no guarantee that you're going to win."

I thought she was going to say something nasty to me at first, but she looked away to take a few moments to gather her thoughts.

"There's no way you're going to win," she said coldly. "So I'm giving you a chance to get out now while you still can."

"You're giving me a chance?" I said, put off by her audacity. "Why the hell should I do anything you want?"

"Not that you would understand," she replied bitterly, "but I'm trying to save you from the same humiliation you caused me."

I almost laughed in her face. "Since when do you care about how I feel? You failed the test. Get over it and move on. But don't you dare accuse of me of humiliating you. You did that to yourself."

I started to walk away from her toward the tunnel exit but she grabbed my arm and pulled me back.

"I'm only going to tell you one last time, Holly. Withdraw from the contest or I'll make you look like the biggest fool there ever was."

With one angry motion I pulled myself free of her grasp.

"Do your best!" I said, moving away from her.

"I mean it! Your little boy toy Craig is no match for my champion!"

I turned around sharply at the mention of my friend's name.

"That's it, isn't it? You're afraid that Craig might possibly beat Jacques. That's why you want me out of the contest, and that's why you put on the friendly act during breakfast. Well, forget it. Your little trick is not going to work!"

I walked briskly toward the exit, pointing my remote control at the door, which opened before me.

"I'm going to beat the shit out of you!" she shrieked. "You stupid little twit!"

"Psycho!" I screamed back at her.

It was no surprise to me that Angelique's failed attempt to intimidate me was actually prompted by a growing fear on her part that Craig might pose a possible threat in outperforming Jacques in the competition. She had witnessed my champion's astounding climax weeks earlier and she knew what he was capable of. But, although I did not know it at the time, she had enlisted the services of another man: a man who could shoot his cum much further than Jacques: a man who posed a serious threat to Craig himself, but who could also be beaten by Craig. It was this man upon whom she was pinning all her hopes—her so-called "secret weapon."

Had I misjudged her? Maybe her sense of superiority was threatened after all. Maybe her feeble ploy was simply a manifestation of a larger fear: that a second failure might actually ruin her career in the Sisterhood once and for all—a sublime humiliation from which she would never recover.

As I jumped into one of the golf carts my aunt and her associates used to travel up and down the half-mile distance to the tunnel entrance, I realized that I was not alone. Coming up fast behind me was my cousin, her car swerving wildly from side to side as she fought to catch up with me. I kept to the right, allowing her to pass me if she wished. This she did, but not before ramming her vehicle's front end into the back of my own, causing me to hit the retaining wall and momentarily lose control. I swore at her as she flew past, but she just laughed at me and continued to speed toward the entrance with a crazed look on her face.

By the time I arrived at the entrance about a minute later, Angelique was nowhere to be found. A bevy of Sisters were already at the gate checking credentials, personnel, and equipment. Among them I found my aunt and Lenore. I said nothing to them about my encounter with Angelique. I was now firmly convinced that I was not dealing with a rational person, and I didn't want to say anything to my aunt about it since it would only cause her to worry—and she had enough to deal with as it was.

"Oh, there you are," she said to me as she affixed a nametag to one of the attendee's lapels. "Do you think you can help us out for a little while until your friend gets here?"

"Sure, aunt Phoebe," I replied.

"Then take these," she said, handing me a stack of tags and a roster. "Just check off the names on this sheet and hand them a nametag. We're going to start letting them in shortly."

I did as she requested and was surprised to see Lenore happily at work with the same task not more than ten feet away. As supreme leader of the Sisterhood, she was under no obligation to stoop to such a lowly activity. But the fact that she did not balk at such a job made me regard her in much greater esteem than I had previously. She was charming toward everyone, often cracking jokes with people and enjoying the simple act of hugging old acquaintances or shaking hands with new ones. My aunt, too, found it expedient to be with her friend. As hostess of the games, she could have simply done nothing but relax and let her servants and acolytes handle the more mundane matters pertaining to the contest. But, seeing that Lenore was not one to stand on ceremony, she obviously felt it only proper that she should accompany her superior at the gate.

Within minutes the tunnel became a teeming thoroughfare of people, vehicles, and equipment. My aunt had informed me that thirty-seven countries were being represented—more than even Zula had anticipated. As the different delegations filed past I was reminded of the processions that take place during the Olympic games, replete with flag bearers, team members and their champions, and all manner of hangers-on. Nearly every race and color of people passed by me during the short time I was occupied at my task—a veritable array of the Sisterhood's finest all assembled under one roof.

Lenore had informed me earlier that, as this contest was not regarded as a traditional affair in which Sisterhood members would normally wear the requisite black robe, but more of a fun event, team members and their champions were allowed to wear whatever was thought suitable by the Sisterhood delegate from that particular country. As such, many different styles of dress were represented—even the champions were allowed to wear whatever they wanted—the one concession being that they must don a white robe during the day of the competition when not naked.

Among the champions who filed by included a seven-foot tall Nigerian dressed in a colorful orange and white, two-piece robe complete with headdress and spear; a dark, swarthy Latino from Columbia dressed in the military fatigues of his country; a small, thin specimen from China outfitted in an ostentatious-looking kimono; and a pygmy from the Andaman Islands, wearing nothing more than a pair of cutoff dungarees and a scowl.

My own team was going to take up the rear, and as it was now almost 8:45 AM, I excused myself from my duties and headed toward the back of the congregation. I found my team members waiting for me at the appointed spot, designated by a placard bearing the image of the French flag attached to a tall, wooden pole. I was happy to see that Craig was already there making small talk with the girls.

"He's here!" Joanna shouted when she saw me approach.

Our champion was dressed casually in a pair of brown slacks, a short-sleeve olive green shirt, and loafers. His longish, blonde hair shone brilliantly in the sun as he made his way toward me. Although I wanted to take him immediately into my arms, I indicated that he should keep his distance.

"Later," I told him. "Not now. Not in front of the Sisters."

"It's great to see you," he said cheerfully, as he fought to keep his hands by his side. "And you look really beautiful."

"You look pretty nice yourself," I said. "What do you think of all this?"

"I'm blown away completely," he replied. "There are so many people here. Is this thing being filmed?"

"Yes, but you'll never see it on television."

"No," he laughed. "I don't suppose you would."

One of the acolytes called out my name just then, indicating with a wave of her hand that it was time for our team to fall in line.

"Okay," I said to Craig and the girls. "Let's do it."

Following the directions of one of the Sisters, we drew up into a casual formation and proceeded slowly into the tunnel behind a contingent from Romania. After we had received our nametags, we climbed aboard one of the larger vehicles, which was used to transport our group and the Romanians into the tunnel. A few minutes later we found ourselves disembarking before the immense metal doors that led into the first level of the Masturbatorium.

As we made our way through the gateway, Charlotte turned to me and whispered in my ear.

"Look who's taking up the rear."

It was Angelique and her team. Jacques had been relegated to the end of the line. He was wearing a pair of light blue shorts and a white short-sleeve shirt. There were no socks on his feet, just a pair of open-toed sandals. He looked somewhat worn down, as if he had not slept for several days.

But what interested me most were the team members themselves. It was now that I was able to see, for the first time, which women had chosen to align themselves with my adversary.

Angelique stood at the head of the line, the one who would undoubtedly act as Masturbatrix. The other women with her were Marge Davis, Greta Hofsteddar, Anya Rostokovitch, Selena Montaldo, and Yin Ping Hun. I had no idea what functions they would perform within the team, but I knew Angelique had often spoken highly of Marge Davis, and I presumed she would be accepting the role of second in command. Charlotte brought to my attention the fact that these women were part of a group that had not approved of my tactics during the test, and I remembered that a few of them, Marge and Greta especially, had refused to offer their congratulations on my victory over Angelique.

Angelique's team gave us a cursory inspection before following us into the Masturbatorium. There were are few feeble smiles exchanged between my team and hers, but no one proffered their hand in greeting or made any advances toward us. For a brief instant I saw Charlotte and Angelique lock gazes, and one could not mistake the hatred in my cousin's eyes.

"I'd like to slap that insolent, little face of hers," I said to Charlotte.

"She's afraid," she replied, as we crossed the threshold into the first level. "For all her posturing, she's more afraid of losing than anyone else."

"Maybe," I replied. "But I still want to slap her."

"Remember what we discussed. No confrontations. Victory in the competition is all you should be concerned about. If you want to demolish your cousin, that's the way to do it."

The first level was pretty much as I had remembered it with several modifications, one of which was the addition of a row of tables to the right of where we had entered. The acolytes who manned this area provided assistance to the teams by answering questions, directing traffic, and offering whatever help they could to the visiting delegations. The names of the teams and their respective training rooms were periodically announced over the loudspeakers, but some groups invariably lost their way in the vast labyrinth of the bustling concourse. But, in general, most people seemed to get to their various locations with the minimum of fuss.

Twenty training rooms were on the first level and another twenty were located on the floor below. These rooms were self-contained worlds containing all manner of training equipment, some familiar, some not; medical supplies; and all kinds of other related paraphernalia like gloves, lotions, salves, towels, etc. Some other changes to the décor included the rearrangement of furniture to make room for a cluster of prefabricated booths, which were to accommodate the judges, a dais set up opposite the booths, and various cosmetic changes such as the inclusion of protective, red, plastic carpets, which, I presumed, were to keep the floor free of sperm. In addition, a massive Sisterhood flag had been hung halfway down from the ceiling in the middle of the room. It was made of black silk and embroidered with the image of a huge golden sun around which the words "Audaces fortuna iuvat" were placed.

Our training room was located on the first level, not far from the elevators. It was a large, square room about 20' x 20' in dimension, and was well lit with florescent lighting. The room had a phone, a television, a computer, a few chairs, and a water cooler, in addition to the requisite training equipment. But what first got my attention was a strange-looking device that sat intrusively in the middle of the floor: a giant, black leather and chrome affair that looked like it was meant to sandwich a man in between the upper and lower portions of its treacherous, wide-open maw.

"Oh shit!" Zula exclaimed, as she laid her eyes on the machine. "I heard about this thing, but I didn't know they had one."

"What is it?" I inquired.

"It's called an "Extractinator," she replied, as she walked in front of it and ran her hand over the chrome surface. "For the absolute in total control."

End of Chapter 7

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 08
byfmcchris©

Craig looked a bit alarmed at the size of the lumbering contraption.

"Are you going to put me in that?" he asked, a little apprehensive.

"Don't be afraid," Zula laughed. "I won't let anything bad happen to you."

The apparatus had four connective arms that extended outward from its central section for the placement of a man's arms and legs. Once the subject was placed in a prone position inside the device, the upper portion of the maw was lowered onto his body, effectively "sandwiching" him in place. There were holes in the upholstery to allow him to keep his face, genitals, and ass exposed so that his trainers could manipulate these areas without any interference from him. Four hydraulic arms, attached to the four metal corners of the machine, allowed the machine to be positioned at various angles, and was operated by remote control.

"What a deliciously devious device!" Janet said, looking at it with a mixture of amusement and awe. "And to think," she said to Craig, "that you have to keep all that nasty sperm inside you while we work you over in this beautiful machine!"

"In effect," Felicia remarked, "you will be prevented from coming until the day of the contest: five entire days of being masturbated without release. I hope you'll be able to hold out."

"He'd better," Joanna observed. "Or we'll be watching from the sidelines."

"Don't worry, ladies," Craig said, trying to look brave. "I won't let you down."

"Zula, do you have today's training schedule with you?" I asked her.

"Right here," she replied, as she pulled a piece of paper from her pants pocket.

"Okay, good. Craig, I want you to get undressed and hang out for a few minutes while I go through the program with the girls."

"Okay, Holly," he said, good-naturedly.

"The changing screen is right over there."

Janet laughed. "It's kind of silly, isn't it? Why bother using the screen when he's going to be completely naked in front of us for the whole week?"

"And doing things to his body he never dreamed possible!" Felicia added.

"I guess it is foolish," I said. "Craig, feel free to take your clothes off right here in front of us. We'll start in a few minutes."

"Whatever you say."

The girls had a hard time concentrating on my directives with my handsome friend undressing himself not more than a few feet away. When all he had left on was his blue bikini underwear, with his huge, inviting package on display, they started to act like juveniles, inviting him with lewd remarks to remove the last particle of clothing so that they could see what he was hiding underneath.

"Go ahead," Joanna said to him. "Take it off. We need to take a measurement of you anyway in your erect state."

Craig dutifully obeyed her instructions and began to remove the bikini.

"There should be a tape measure somewhere on that table over there," the doctor said, pointing to a small metal-top table in the corner of the room. "Felicia, do you mind?"

Felicia was too busy watching Craig to pay the doctor much attention. In fact, all of us were having a hard time focusing on anything else. He was already partially hard, and it was obvious this was no ordinary penis that was soon going to make its debut for at least some of the women in the room. All of us had a good laugh as we watched his prick first bend downward and then bounce up again as he pulled down on his underwear.

"Oh, Jesus!" Zula exclaimed, her eyes focusing on his cock. "Did we get you excited already baby?"

"Yes, ma'm," replied Craig, looking a bit bashful.

Janet eyed him like a piece of candy. "I'm going to love working with that!"

Charlotte looked at me with a huge grin and then looked at Craig's slowly rising penis. "Impressive," she said to him, nodding appreciatively. "I like your tan lines, too."

Craig looked down casually at the small triangle of whitish flesh that had been protected by the thong and gave her a big smile.

"Get it nice and hard for the doctor," Felicia said to him.

"Felicia, the tape measure, please," Joanna insisted.

"Oh! "I'm sorry, Joanna," she replied. "It's just that...his cock is so huge!"

Joanna just stared at her, expectantly. "Okay. Okay. I'm getting the tape measure."

Felicia began to search in several of the drawers of a nearby table and came up empty-handed.

"I said on the table, not inside it," Joanna said. "Stop drooling over his cock and listen. It's right there on the table in the glass container."

"Oh, I see it," she said, reaching for the tape. "Sorry!"

"Keep stroking it," I told Craig. "After Joanna measures you we'll begin."

"You got it," he replied, jerking his cock at a steady, leisurely pace.

In just a matter of minutes he was fully erect. Felicia handed the tape measure to Joanna who then sat down on a stool beside Craig and placed the tape measure alongside his penis, extending the tape outward from the base of his shaft to its burgeoning tip.

"Just as you said, Holly," she said. "Twelve and three-quarters inches long."

"What's the circumference?" I asked.

She ran the tape around the middle of his cock and whistled loudly. "Almost three inches around. Wow!"

"That's one fucking big prick!" Janet remarked, moving in closer to inspect it.

"It's a beauty!" Joanna agreed.

"Well, since you're already down there," I said to Joanna, "why don't you start him off?"

"I'll be happy to," she said, laying the tape measure aside.

As she reached for a bottle of lotion, I instructed Craig to relax and let the doctor take control of his cock.

"We're all going to take turns with you tonight," I said. "But you are not to cum under any circumstances."

"I understand," he said, watching as Joanna squirted a generous amount of white cream into her palms.

"I want you to get used to each woman's technique. Once you do, you'll be able to improve your control."

"What about tomorrow? Are you going to be...?"

"Yes, I'm going to jerk you off for the judges. But don't worry about that now. Just let Dr. Monroe stroke you for a while. And then the other girls will jerk you off, too."

Craig sighed heavily as Joanna rubbed the cream into her skin and then placed both her hands on his swollen tool. Her short dress exposed almost all of her long, well-proportioned legs and the view was not wasted on Craig, who tried valiantly to keep his hands from touching those enticing limbs. He had mentioned to me a few days earlier that his own physician was a woman who resembled Joanna in several respects—short, copper-red hair, a turned-up, freckled nose, large blue eyes, and a dazzling smile. He also said that she liked to wear high heels to accentuate her already very long and shapely legs.

"You have a very handsome penis, Craig," the doctor said to him as her hands glided effortlessly up and down his shaft. "I find most guy's penises rather unattractive, and believe me, I've seen a lot."

"Thank you, doctor," he replied, gently rocking his hips back and forth in time with her strokes.

The girls and I stood around Joanna as she worked on his prick, admiring her imperious technique as one would admire the skillful ministrations of a master craftsman.

"Take a good look at his testicles," Joanna said, as she lifted his cock up and out of the way. "I don't think that pygmy has got anything on him, do you Zula?"

"Doesn't look like it," Zula replied, looking over the doctor's shoulder.

"Which is good news for us," Felicia said, smiling.

"Very good news," Joanna noted. "Bigger testicles hold more sperm. More sperm means greater pressure. And greater pressures ensures a more robust cumshot."

Having said this, she gave Craig's prick several quick pulls that made him moan.

"You obeyed my instructions, didn't you Craig?" I asked him. "You said you wouldn't come for three days."

"I...I kept my promise, Holly," he replied, trying to keep his breathing regular thereby forestalling the urge to ejaculate.

"I believe you," I said. "I'll bet you must really want to cum badly."

"Oh, yes, I do!"

"You also realize that if you cum now, your ejaculation won't be nearly as powerful tomorrow."

"I know."

"So you're going to let us know if you feel yourself losing it, right?"

"I...I promise."

Joanna's hands continued to pump him without pause. She licked her lips every now and then as she stroked him, and I think that if his prick was not already slick with lotion, she would have popped him into her mouth.

"Such a lovely penis," she said again.

"I'm going to let Dr. Monroe masturbate you for a few minutes more and then Janet is going to take over," I said to him.

"Yes, mistress," he replied, surprising me by his use of the word.

After Joanna finished with him, I had the other girls continue where she left off, masturbating him for five-minute intervals in quick succession. I had to admit that he displayed exemplary control. When it came time for Charlotte to stroke him, he almost gave in to her handiwork and had to ask her to stop.

"I'm sorry, Holly," she said. "Masturbating him is making me very horny. I guess I got carried away."

Craig was breathing so hard he looked as through he had just run up a flight of stairs. "It's your technique, ma'm," he said to Charlotte. "Please slow down or I'm going to shoot off."

"You have to adapt yourself to her style of masturbation, Craig," I said. "Just as you did with me and Joanna. The judges want to see a vigorous masturbation technique; otherwise we'll be disqualified. Let Charlotte jerk you off a little more and employ that famous control of yours. You can do it."

With a little encouragement from the girls and me, he did manage to survive her blistering handjob, but I could tell that he was relieved when it was over.

"Charlotte is my second in command," I told him. "If for any reason I can't masturbate you, she will have to take over. That's why it's important that you become accustomed to her style."
"I'll do my best," he said, panting heavily.

"Zula. You're next."

Craig found Zula's hard and fast approach very difficult to withstand, but he managed to endure an intense five minutes of continual masturbation by her. Felicia then took over and brought him to even greater heights of pleasure, but Janet almost brought him over the edge.

"Oh, God," he told her. "I can't take much more of this!"

Janet laughed as she continued to milk him despite his protests. "Thirty more seconds big boy. Don't you dare give in!"

"Oh!" he groaned, as he thrust his hips forward.

And then it was my turn.

I knew that any determined effort on my part would result in an orgasm, so I allowed him a few minutes to rest and take a drink of water. I then had Joanna apply more lotion to his penis.

"Five more minutes, Craig," I said, as I wrapped my fist around his cock. "And then you go on the machine."

Before he had a chance to respond, my hands began flying up and down his greasy pole at top speed.

"Just think, Craig," I said as the other girls watched me tease and coax his shaft with both hands. "Tomorrow I'm going to jerk you off in front of 700 women. Does that turn you on?"

"Yes...I love it when girls watch me cum."

"Not only girls, but older women too. You know, like those older ladies who used to milk you when you used to clean out their pools. They'll be watching as you shoot your thick, creamy-white sperm for them. Isn't that exciting?"

"Oh, yes! Oh, God, yes!"

"That's why we're teasing you so much now. Because tomorrow you're going to show us an amazing cumshot, right?"

"Yes!"

"It's going to sail across the fucking room!"

"Ah! Holly!" he screamed. "You're making me crazy!"

He took in several great gulps of air, as if this action would somehow forestall his desire to cum. I then noticed that a tiny bead of pre-cum had formed at the tip of his cock and decided it was time to stop.

"Be careful," Zula said to me. "He's really close."

I gave him two hard and long pulls and then removed my hands and got up. It was time to introduce him to our newest mechanical device.

"Good job," I said to him as he fell onto the stool I had just vacated. "Rest for a while and then we'll get you on the machine."

"I won't survive," he said, out of breath.

"I'll make sure you do," I replied, patting him gently on the head.

While Craig took some time to refresh himself, the girls and I examined the remote control panel that sat on the table next to the "Extractinator." It was, essentially, a computer no larger than a standard laptop, with a keyboard and monitor that displayed a 3D replica of the device and what keys needed to be pressed in order to activate its many functions. Zula, being the most computer-adept among us, figured out its rather sophisticated program in a relatively short time, and then proceeded to give us a demonstration.

"I've seen similar programs but this one is a little more involved," she said, as she pressed a few keys in succession. "Basically, there are about a half dozen functions that we need to concern ourselves with. Here, let me show you."

Upon pressing one of the computer's keys, the top section of the giant maw was slowly lowered down via its hydraulic arms onto the bottom piece. Meanwhile, on the computer's monitor screen the 3D image of the machine faithfully reproduced this action. She then pressed another key that reversed the procedure, and this action, too, was simultaneously performed on the screen before our astonished eyes.

"Look at this," Zula said, pressing a few more keys.

Suddenly, the four hydraulic arms drew inward and then up, so that the entire assembly was hoisted into a vertical position. Another keystroke allowed the arms to further retract, enabling the human-encasing shell to be tilted and paused at any angle before reaching a fully horizontal position. Considering the size of the motor, all these functions were carried out with whisper-quiet operation.

"This is all very well and good," Charlotte said. "But just what does this thing do?"

"Oh, come on, Charlotte," Joanna said. "It does just what its name implies. It extracts sperm."

"You're not going to put me in that thing are you?" Craig asked me, looking worried.

"No harm will come to you baby," Zula said. "It's one hundred percent safe."

Charlotte wasn't impressed. "Why go through all the trouble and expense to use such a machine when you can get the same results from using your hand?"

Zula snickered. "This is why. Watch."

She pressed one key and a series of functions were carried out in succession. They all happened so quickly that I couldn't figure out what exactly was happening.

"Would you care to explain what's going on?" I asked Zula.

"No problem. Do you see that opening there? A robotic arm is going to come out."

We waited a few seconds but nothing happened.

"It should come out," she said, looking a little concerned.

"Oh, this is ridiculous," Charlotte complained.

"Just be patient will you?" Zula said, pressing another key.

This last maneuver did the trick. From one side of the apparatus a robotic arm extruded slowly outward and folded itself at the elbow before stopping a few centimeters above the hole where the subject's genitals were to be placed. What startled me was that the entire arm was designed as a human appendage, the hands of which were composed of simulated human skin and shaped like a woman's hand, with anatomically correct and fully functional fingers. After we overcame our astonishment, we broke down and laughed at the sight of the mechanical hand that Zula had set in motion by hitting another key. The hand moved up and down on its metal axis with perfect, machine-like precision. All that was missing was a penis.

"Oh, Craig, you're in for a treat!" Felecia squealed.

He looked at the device with uncertainty, not fully convinced that he wanted to have anything to do with it.

"What if that arm malfunctions?" he said to us. "That thing could rip my cock off!"

"It has several failsafe mechanisms," Zula said. "And the lower arm will not extend beyond 45 degrees. Your cock isn't going anywhere."

"And what's that thing coming out now?" Janet asked.

"It looks like a plastic receptacle," Joanna observed. "For sperm collection I assume."

"How convenient!" Janet laughed.

The plastic container was moved into position near the hole by two small hydraulic arms. It seemed very efficient-looking to me.

"This machine can be programmed for hands-free operation for up to 30 minutes at a stretch. Then it automatically shuts itself off," Zula said.

"So, in essence," I remarked, "the subject is virtually a prisoner inside that thing, with no recourse to the use of his limbs whatsoever."

"That's right," Zula replied. "We can do anything we like to his body. Well, the genitals, ass, and face anyway."

Her eyes lit up as she said this, and I had a feeling she was anxious to get Craig inside it.

"We don't have to use our hands at all," she continued. "Once he's in the machine, the mechanical arm can take care of that chore. And the nice part of it is, the hand can be programmed to act almost like a human one, with all the nuances and subtleties of an experienced masturbatrix."

"Well, we'll have to see about that," I said, doubtful that any mechanical arm could ever accurately simulate the actions of its human counterpart to such a degree.

I had Zula return the assembly to its original position and then ordered Craig to get in.

"Do I have to do this?" he asked me, as the top portion of the mouth came to a silent halt.

"Do you trust me?" I replied.

"Of course," he answered. "But I'm not so sure about this machine."

"I won't let anything happen to you, I promise. If you find you don't like it, we'll stop it immediately and you won't have to go back in. Fair enough?"

"Okay," he said, with some trepidation. "I'll try it."

Using the hand supports that were built onto each side of the machine, Craig lifted his body onto the maw and placed his extremities in the appropriate spots and lied down. Once he was securely fitted into place, I instructed Zula to lower the top lip of the maw down over his body. In less than a minute he was lying comfortably within the confines of the machine, a little nervous but trying to be a good sport about it.

"How does it feel?" I asked him.

"Pretty nice," he replied. "But I can't move a muscle."

"The only muscle we want you to move is that big one between your legs," Joanna kidded. "Are you comfortable?"

"I thought it would be hot inside this thing, but I feel just fine."

"That's because there are ventilating holes running throughout the fabric," Zula said. "You'll be okay."

"I think we should give this machine a try," I told the girls. "Are you ready, Craig?"

"Anytime you are."

"Okay, Zula," I said. "Let's see if this 'Extractinator' gizmo can live up to its name."

Zula once again began keying in numbers on the control pad and within seconds the area around Craig's genitals began to vibrate.

"The vibration mode should help him to produce an erection," Zula informed us.

"Wow!" Craig exclaimed. "It's like having a dozen hands working on your dick all at once!"

I could feel the vibrations through the floor, but the machine barely made a sound.

"I can feel it working from here," I said.

"Me too," Charlotte remarked. "But it's so quiet."

Joanna had told Craig to keep us alerted as to how he was feeling and to report any discomfort immediately. So far, he seemed to be doing fine.

"It's really tingly," he reported. "God, it feels nice!"

Moments later we gasped as we watched the head of Craig's penis slowly begin to rise up from the center of the hole.

"It's working!" Janet exclaimed.

Felecia laughed. "Look ma, no hands!"

Craig chuckled at her joke even as his prick continued to expand under the influence of the insistent vibrations. He was fully erect only moments later.

"Instant hard-on," Joanna commented. "What's next?"

"We should put some lube on him now," I said.

"I'll take care of it," Joanna replied.

She took a small bottle of lubrication cream from the table and applied a small portion of it to Craig's penis. He moaned as she rubbed the lotion into his skin.

"Ready for some serious hand work?" Zula said.

"Might as well see what it can do. Go ahead," I told her.

She hit one of the function keys and the familiar robotic arm, which had previously been retracted, once again made its appearance from the angular compartment adjacent to the hole.

"Okay, Craig," I said. "We're going to try the robot hand on you now. Just lie perfectly still and let it do its work."

"You got it, Holly," he replied, with a little hesitancy in his voice.

I could see that he was a little tremulous as he watched the human-like arm flex itself outward toward his genitals on its metal pivot. But being the man he was—so eager to please, and inclined to not show fear in front of those he wanted to impress—he steeled himself for the intrusion of the artificial appliance, trusting in my competence and Zula's efficiency. And, as if in answer to his hopes, the fleshy-looking fingers descended upon his penis and then contracted themselves around the shaft, all in one, deliberately slow and precise motion. Craig, and the rest of us, heaved a collective sigh of relief.

"Any discomfort, Craig?" Joanna asked.

"Nope. It feels great. Keep going."

"Start him off slow, please," I said to Zula. "And keep it that way until I tell you otherwise."

Zula touched one of the keys with her finger, and with barely a sound the mechanical hand began to slowly rise and fall over Craig's glistening penis. As the hand reached its topmost position it would whir gently and then reverse its direction without a pause in its momentum. Once it reached the bottom, it would repeat the process all over again, effortlessly and with the utmost precision. Craig was moaning with delight.

"How does it feel to be totally out of control, Craig?" Zula asked.

"It's wonderful! It's like all these pleasurable sensations are centered...right in my crotch!"

"Do you want to take it up a notch?" I asked him.

"Sure. Go ahead."

"How fast can this thing go?" I asked Zula.

"There are 10 levels of speed with gradations in between. He's at level one now."

"Increase speed to level two," I instructed her.

The increase was almost instantaneous with Zula's pressing of the function key. The hand now moved at a quicker pace and Craig's breathing became more labored.

"Please explain what you're experiencing," Joanna asked him.

"Well, doctor...all I can tell you is that...it feels fucking great!"

"No pain or unpleasantness of any kind?"

"So far, no."

"It seems that the robotic hand has sensors inside it that can detect and compensate for the amount of pressure applied to his penis," Zula said. "As his dick gets closer to ejaculating, the hand grips the shaft more firmly, just as we would normally do when giving a guy a handjob."

"Cold, but efficient," Charlotte observed, laconically.

"Well I think this machine is fantastic!" Felicia said. "We don't have to spend hours and hours tiring our hands out working some huge dick like his."

"I will admit that it does appear to have its advantages, but nothing can take the place of a pair of nice warm, well-lubed hands to get the most out of a man."

"It's a tool, like any other," Joanna said. "I think we can safely increase the speed now, Holly."

"Zula? I said. "Increase speed to level three."

Once more, the motor driving the mechanical hand whirred gently as the up and down motions increased by a factor of one. The speed at which the stroking was being carried out was similar to the speed of a robust, human handjob—the speed at which most men would begin to lose their loads.

"Oh, my God!" Janet said, laughing hard. "I don't think he can take much more of that!"

"Craig, how are you doing?" I asked him.

He took a few seconds to reply. When he did, his speech was halting and his chest was rising and falling quickly as he sought to fight for air.

"Can't...hold on...much...longer..."

Because his prick was all covered with lube, I couldn't tell if he was exuding pre-cum or not. But taking one look at his huge scrotum, I could tell by the way his testicles were climbing up toward the base of his shaft that his orgasm was imminent. Joanna noticed this too.

"Better stop now or he'll explode," she warned.

"Holly!" Craig screamed. "Stop it!"

"Zula, cut the power." I ordered.

With one press of a key the mechanical hand came to a sudden stop. Craig cried out as though he were in pain.

"Craig, are you okay?" I asked.

"I'm okay. I'm okay," he replied, groaning aloud.

"Let's get him out of there," I said.

With the aid of the other girls, I helped my exhausted friend out of the machine and pulled a white, terrycloth robe over him. He was having trouble standing and it took four of us to hold him steady.

"That thing was only on level three and you were ready to cum," I said.

"I know. It's a fucking incredible machine. The feeling is indescribable."

"I think he should rest for a few hours," Joanna said to me. "There's a bed in the room next door."

"Good idea," I replied. "Please do as the doctor says," I told him. "We'll resume your training at 1:00 PM."

"Okay, Holly. I am feeling pretty tired right about now."

Joanna escorted Craig out and returned a few minutes later to tell me that he was so exhausted that he was almost asleep before his head touched the pillow.

"He has a very strong constitution," she said. "Most men that I have tested in my lab would never be able to hold out as long as he did."

"I think it has something to do with those tests he had done on him in Sweden by Dr. Swensen."

"I have no doubt of that," she replied. "He's been conditioned, that's for sure. But I believe that will work in our favor."

"Do you think we should put him through it again later?"

"I don't think so. There are plenty of other masturbatory techniques we can use on him. However, I would suggest that all of us give him a few more handjobs. Especially you, Holly, since you're the Masturbatrix. And you, too, Charlotte."

"I'm ready," Charlotte said.

"Whatever it takes," I added.

"Well, all this jerking off business has made me both horny and hungry," Zula said. "And since I'm not about to get fucked anytime soon, I'm going to get something to eat."

"Good idea," Joanna said. "I'll join you."

As all of us followed Zula out of the room, I stopped to take a moment to look in on Craig. He was sound asleep. I almost hated to have to wake him up later to go through a completely new round of training. But it had to be done if we stood any chance at winning.

************

We had finished our final training session with Craig around 5:00 PM. The fact that he managed to endure successive rounds of masturbation at our hands and from the various devices we used on him was a testimony to his superior mental and physical control, due in large degree to his previous conditioning during the EJAX-472 experiments the year before. By the time we left the training room I think we were more tired than he was.

The qualifying rounds were to begin tomorrow afternoon at 2:00 PM, allowing contestants to spend the morning hours resting or to engage in further training. I decided that additional training was unnecessary in Craig's case, so I told him to get as much sleep as he could, believing that a well-rested body would be far more likely to prove efficacious than an overworked one. In this all my associates concurred. I said goodbye to him at the south entrance, assuring him that I had been very pleased with the way his training was progressing.

"I'm happy to hear that," he said. "The last thing in world I'd want is to disappoint you."

"Don't worry about that. Just do like you've been doing and we're going to win this contest. I guarantee it."

He put his arms around me and kissed me hard on my mouth. "I wish I could get inside your skin."

"You already have," I said, letting him hold me even when such actions were discouraged between a champion and his trainer.

"You'd better let go of me now," I said, as I felt he was not about to release me anytime soon.

"There's no one here to see us," he said, rubbing my hand.

"It's not a good idea. If we get caught I'll get reported and there could be problems. Let's just play it cool until after the contest."

"All right," he replied, affably. "Because it's what you want, I'll be cool."

It was decided that we would all meet back at the training room at noon tomorrow to go over the final details related to the tryouts. By 1:00 PM all the teams, and their respective champions, were to assemble in the main hall to attend an address by our keynote speaker and Sisterhood leader, Lenore Marceau. My aunt was to give a little speech as well; a preface of welcome to the entire congregation and an invitation to attend a dinner party to be held on the estate lawn immediately following the tryouts.

When I returned to the main hall I found Charlotte mulling about near the dais, my other teammates had disappeared.

"They took off," she told me. "But I thought I'd take a look around. This place is something else."

"My aunt spent a fortune converting this dungeon. And there are more levels below this one. I've never been to the lowest floors though."

"That's because there is no access to them," she said.

"What do you mean?"

"If I remember correctly, my cousin—your uncle Pierre—told me that there were three levels that could be accessed by this tunnel. But there are a few more levels underneath the third one that are totally inaccessible. The only way you can even reach them is by using the old tunnel, which is now sealed shut."

I was, of course, surprised to hear this news.

"How many levels are there?"

"Pierre told me there were six, but some say there were nine originally."

"Nine?" How can that be possible?"

"Well, you have to remember that the chateau was built in the thirteenth century. Some of those earlier levels may have actually been storerooms with very low ceilings. In those days foodstuffs would have been preserved and stored there. I understand that, sometime during the middle of the fifteenth century, some of these levels actually collapsed due to water damage and were filled in with dirt. New layers of concrete were added to lend support to the foundation, and that is how it has remained to this day."

"What about the old tunnel?"

"That was built in the 1700s. It runs southward in a parallel line with the new one, but it's unusable, completely non-functional. The bunker is still there, but it's all covered over with trees and bushes—it looks like a little grotto now. I used to play there when I was a child."

"Did you ever try to get inside?"

"Inside the bunker? Impossible. If you could manage to hack your way through all the vegetation you'd be staring at an iron door about six inches thick and fifteen feet high. You'd need a wrecking ball to break it down. But even if you could open it, what's the point? The tunnel itself doesn't lead anywhere."

I found her tale most interesting, but I wondered why my aunt never mentioned anything about the old tunnel and the ancient dungeon levels now buried under layers of concrete.

"Does my aunt know about this?" I asked.

"Most certainly. Everybody who lives in this province knows the history behind this chateau. Some people say there is treasure buried somewhere in the lower levels, left there by nobles fleeing from the Revolution. But that's just rumor."

"Or maybe it's true. I'm surprised my aunt never thought to excavate the tunnel."

"I'm sure she's considered it, but she might have felt the cost of repairing it prohibitive. I know Pierre did."

"But what if treasure was really buried there? She could be sitting on a fortune."

"Holly, even if there were absolute proof that there was a treasure, the time, money, and effort needed to retrieve it would not be worth whatever money you might find. If the nobility did leave their valuables behind, they'll probably remain there forever."

The idea that buried treasure might lie deep within the castle walls intrigued me to no end. But I had other, more important matters to consider, and for the moment, my flights of fancy would have to wait for another day.

Charlotte and I took a leisurely tour of the vast enclosure, greeting people along the way and trying to take a peek every now and then at what the other contestants were doing behind the sometimes half-opened doors of their training rooms. Lenore had told me that each team was bringing its own equipment with them, although my aunt had graciously provided all contestants with the use of her own machines. I wondered if any of the teams were employing the "Extractinator" device, but our cursory examination of the main hall and a few of the unoccupied training rooms revealed no sign of the contraption. The answer to this mystery came sooner than I expected when Lenore spotted us and came walking over with a big smile on her face.

"Charlotte! Holly! Where are you two off to?"

"No place special," Charlotte replied. "Just looking around."

"So, how did your session go with that handsome champion of yours?" she asked us.

"It went very well," I replied.

"How did that new machine work out?"

"Do you mean the 'Extractinator'?

"Yes, that's the name of it. I couldn't remember."

"It worked out fine. I think Craig is still in recovery mode."

Lenore looked pleased. "It's an amazing piece of machinery. I'm glad I thought to get it for you."

"You were the one who...?"

"Surprise!" Lenore exclaimed. "After that fiasco at the restaurant I had to make it up to you. Your team is the only one who has it. Put it to good use and win this competition."

"You're rooting for us?" Charlotte asked.

"I love Phoebe, but Angelique...ah well, what can I say about her? You, Holly, are my successor, and you, Charlotte, one of my oldest and dearest friends. Of course I'm going to root for you."

"We won't let you down," I said.

"Just do your best. That's all anyone can ask of another."

Just then another Sister came rushing up to us, all flustered over something taking place in one of the training rooms. She was a very pretty Indian woman dressed in a blue, silk sari.

"He's going to cum if they can't stop it!" she exclaimed in a broken accent. "Please Sister, help us!"

"Oh, for heaven's sake!" Lenore said, as the woman pulled on her arm.

"You must hurry!"

"Come girls," she said to us. "Let's see what the hell is going on."

Dragging Lenore by the arm, the woman led us to a nearby training room. Inside were a small group of Indian women, all of them futilely trying to remove a cylindrical object from their champion's penis. When they saw us approach, they hastily moved away to give Lenore access to the distressed man.

"What's the problem here?" Lenore asked the women.

"The 'hot lips,'" the woman said. "We cannot shut it off!"

One of the other team members, a woman who looked to be the oldest of the group, handed Lenore the remote control.

"Try to stand still," she ordered the naked man.

"He doesn't understand English," the woman said.

"Then tell him in your language!"

The woman immediately conveyed Lenore's instructions to the man in his own tongue and he valiantly tried to remain still. He looked petrified as the device continued to whir away, the mechanical lips gliding up and down his shaft at top speed. Lenore pressed several buttons but nothing happened.

"It's not working!" she exclaimed, hurling the remote control across the room.

"We must help him!" cried the woman.

"Holly...Charlotte," Lenore said. "Get on either side of him and hold him steady. I'll have to remove the battery cell from the unit itself. It's not going to be easy, so try to keep him from moving around so much."

Charlotte and I did as we were told. It was difficult trying to keep him still since the device was operating at full speed and his entire body was pretty much vibrating right along in tandem with it. Lenore ordered the Indian woman to grasp the cylinder in her hands in order to keep it from moving.

"Hold it tight," Lenore instructed her. "I have to open the lid from the top. Steady now."

Both Lenore and the woman were now on their knees before the stricken man. He started to cry out something in his native tongue as Lenore worked feverishly to remove the plastic clamp that housed the battery.

"He says he is going to ejaculate very soon!" the woman exclaimed.

"I'm doing the best I can!" Lenore said.

"But if he comes he won't be able to compete in the contest!"

"Oh, will you shut up!"

Lenore struggled with the difficult clamp for several more seconds until it finally retracted from the top panel, exposing the battery cell inside. With one flick of her finger the battery popped out and onto the floor. The device came to a dead stop.

"Undo the strap and take it off him," Lenore told the woman.

Before she could carry out this task, the man, himself, removed the device and let if fall to the floor. With a wild look in his eyes, he stoked his penis a few times and a giant rope of cum sailed out over the heads of my astonished mentor and his shocked trainers. Grunting like a pig, we all watched in awe as he ferociously milked out load after load of pearly, white semen, ranting something in his odd language every time he sent a creamy rope flying into the air.

Surprisingly enough, Lenore barely got scathed, but the Indian woman and her other teammates got soaked with his generous offering. Charlotte and I had instinctively pulled back, anticipating the uncontrolled orgasm. But it was not enough to prevent us from receiving a small portion of his lusty tribute, which rained down upon us when one of his volleys flew up and backwards, impacting with the wall behind us. After forcing out several more sticky loads, he fell down onto the floor in a state of exhaustion, his face wet with tears.

The Indian woman and her team members were beside themselves with grief and anger over the failure of their champion, but no one was more aggrieved than the poor, little man himself, who now looked up at his trainers as though he had committed the most heinous of crimes.

"What are we going to do now?" the Indian woman wailed. "All his sperm is gone! We cannot compete in the contest. We are ruined!"

Suddenly all the team members, including the champion himself, let out an enormous cry of despair. Lenore looked at Charlotte and I as if she were going to join in the grief-stricken choir.

"This is terrible. It wasn't their fault."

"The machine malfunctioned," I said. "They shouldn't be penalized for something like that."

"Is there anything you can do, Lenore?" Charlotte asked.

"Yes, yes!" the Indian woman exclaimed. "Sister Lenore, you must allow us to pick another champion. It was the hot lips that made him do this. He could not help himself. Please let us compete tomorrow!"

"What is your name, Sister?" Lenore asked the woman. "You seem to have lost your nametag."

"I am Pari," she replied, her hand reaching toward the spot on her chest where her nametag should have been.

"And what is your champion's name?"

"He is called 'Atma'."

"Help Atma to his feet, please."

Pari and two other of her teammates lifted the fallen man and helped him into a chair. She then handed him a white robe, which he drew across his naked body.

"I have every intention of letting you compete in tomorrow's tryouts, Pari," Lenore began. "What happened is not your fault. However, it is extremely doubtful that Atma will be able to ejaculate far enough to qualify you for a spot in the contest. You can use him if you want, but I am giving you permission to select another champion."

Pari clasped her hands together and bowed her head. "Thank you, Sister Lenore! Thank you!"

Pari bowed her head several more times, as did her teammates, and Atma just sat there smiling, but dumbfounded, unaware that he might soon to be jettisoned for another more suitable candidate.

"I'm sorry, Atma," Lenore said to the confused man, as we followed her out the door to a thunderous applause.

We made our way back toward the tunnel entrance, and once there Charlotte said goodbye to us.

"You did the right thing, Lenore," she said.

"I did the fair thing," Lenore replied. "One cannot be held responsible for the actions of another, or for a faulty machine."

"I still feel bad for them though," I said.

"I do too," Lenore agreed. "Their chances of finding another champion at this late hour are almost nil."

As much as I was disappointed for the Indian team, in my heart I was glad that there was now one less threat with which to concern myself.

************

To her ever-growing list of talents, which included entrepreneur, spy, voyeur, thrill seeker, and dominatrix, Angelique, in her secretive and enterprising way, had recently found a new occupation to add to the mix—that of excavator. Ever since suffering a most humiliating defeat at the hands of her once-beloved cousin during the Villon sessions, she had determined that the "Long Shots" contest would be the means by which she would resurrect herself—like the mystical phoenix reborn from its own ashes—from that of a miserable failure to that of a world-class champion. It would be an act of personal redemption par excellence.

She had spent much time deliberating over the means by which she would accomplish this task and finally came upon the idea of embarking upon a grand renovation: the excavation of the ancient tunnel leading from the bunker to the lower regions of the castle dungeon by using her own elite corps of recently acquired Sisterhood comrades and their obsequious lackeys. It was an ambitious plan.

Angelique had learned of the existence of the old south tunnel the same day her mother did: when Pierre signed over the deed to the estate to Phoebe. When Phoebe's lawyer, an able and trusted friend of long-standing relation and a local resident, explained to her that the old tunnel was completely unserviceable, she thereafter put it out of her mind, knowing that the more recently built tunnel would be more than sufficient to meet her needs. Angelique, however, her calculating mind always intent upon seeking new and innovative ways of expressing itself, and her innate curiosity fueled by the thought that the native's alluded to underground treasure might possibly exist, continued to give the matter much thought, and secretly entertained the idea that one day she would find a way to breach the metal and concrete barrier that comprised the well-fortified bunker.

These plans, however, took on secondary importance once she became involved with the Sisterhood. Having recently made Lenore's acquaintance, which soon developed into a solid friendship, Phoebe was about to embark on a new journey of her own within the Sisterhood, and she would come to rely on her daughter's industriousness and energy to aid her in her new role as Sister, ultimately appointing Angelique as the second in command of the fledgling "Philanthropic Society." This mother and daughter team proved most efficacious, and Angelique found she had little time for anything else.

Soon, her involvement in the Society/Sisterhood became an all-consuming passion, and the social/economic landscape thus fashioned, in great part by her own intelligence and diligence, earned her the respect and admiration of her mother, the Sisters, and especially Lenore. In time Lenore would grow less fond of Angelique, seeing in Holly a far more acceptable successor to the Sisterhood throne. Although feeling greatly rebuffed by this decision, Angelique decided to bide her time, hoping that her cousin would eventually display some inevitable weakness that would remove her from her favored status. And if that didn't happen, she would see to it that Holly's inadequacies were eventually revealed by whatever means possible. But the unexpected treachery inflicted upon her by her cousin, which resulted in her recent defeat, now impelled her to take such action that would result in a comparative shift in the once stable landscape: a shift that would hopefully tip the balance of power in her favor; creating a rift in the very fabric of the Sisterhood nation that would pit equal against equal; Sister against Sister. Lenore's disaffection, her cousin's betrayal, and her own mother's lack of sympathy toward her plight, gave impetus to her desire in seeing the Sisterhood brought to heel. But their combined disloyalty did much more than anger her—it incited her to seek revenge against the very people and institutions that had placed her in such an already exalted position. It was a crisis of conscience that now confronted her, and she found in her conscience a willing conspirator.

In her role as chief administrator of the Society, Angelique had performed many favors for certain Sisters over the past year. Now it was time for some of these favors to be called in. Immediately following her humiliating experience during the "test" session, she began to form a coalition of women whom she knew she could count upon to serve her in her hour of need. Many of these women were her friends and acquaintances, others were malcontents who themselves were dissatisfied with Lenore's sovereignty and sought to affiliate themselves with Angelique via commonality of purpose. One of these was Marge Davis, a woman who was a member of this latter group, but who also enjoyed a close friendship with Angelique.

It was upon Marge's shoulders that Angelique has placed the daunting task of assembling a work force that would transform the once inaccessible tunnel into a viable passageway into the lower depths of the castle. Marge had carried out this injunction with uncommon zeal, using her influence as one of the highest-ranking members within the Sisterhood to enjoin a group of workers that included surveyors, architects, engineers, and laborers who would translate Angelique's directives into action and without question. This group was comprised entirely of Sisterhood members and their confederates.

The day after the "test," Angelique had already had her plan solidified and ready to put in motion. She had barely slept the night before, having spent hours on the phone with Marge and a few other trusted friends explaining the details of her operation. It had always been a matter of contention to the local residents, including Pierre himself, whether or not the tunnel had caved in on itself since the decades it had ceased being used or was still capable of being repaired. In this Angelique was willing to take the chance of finding out one way or the other.

It was decided that the project would commence immediately and that work would be performed only during the evening hours after all the farm laborers had gone home. The fact that the old tunnel was roughly one mile away from the new one, and obscured by rolling hills and vegetation, aided in keeping the work from being discovered. The fact that this particular tract of land was uncultivated and quite a distance away from the vineyards meant that hardly anyone ever visited the spot, and this, too, worked to their advantage. Electrical generators were used to power lights and to handle the requirements of power tools, but even these were used sparingly in favor of larger teams working with standard equipment like pickaxes, shovels, and wheelbarrows. This was done in order to keep the noise level to a minimum.

The first order of business was to remove the densely packed vegetation and underbrush that covered the bunker door. This effort alone, even with the help of two- dozen workers, took several hours to accomplish. Once was the door was free of debris, the lead engineer determined that the best way to remove the bunker's huge iron door was to fasten steel cables to the door's iron bolts and then, with the aid of a giant winch, pull the door off its massive hinges. This was achieved after several tries in which the cables kept slipping off the bolts when approaching maximum tension. Ultimately, a way was found to secure the cables so that they would be prevented from slipping off. With a loud and terrifying creak, the bolts reluctantly gave way and were ripped from the supporting concrete structure. The giant iron door fell to the earth with a huge thud.

When the dust had cleared, Angelique, accompanied by Marge and several trusted acolytes, had proceeded with flashlights into the gaping, black hole that stood before them. Despite protests from the engineers, Angelique had insisted that she be the first to pass through the ancient threshold, displaying calm indifference to her own personal safety.

As she and her group entered the tunnel, a sudden rush of cool, damp air that hinted of stale and putrefying things greeted them. This did not dissuade her progress but seemed to enervate her instead, much to the chagrin of her apprehensive companions. The passage they entered was broad, roughly six feet in width, and the ceiling rose to over eight feet in height, plenty of room to navigate the larger items that would eventually find their way into this underground world.

The engineers followed close behind Angelique, examining the tunnel's earthen walls and ceilings for any sign of possible danger from collapse. But the men who had designed this tunnel had been exceptional engineers. They had employed huge wooden beams and crossbeams supported by huge iron bolts, which seemed, upon close inspection, to have maintained their structural integrity over the span of almost seventy years. Only in one spot—a distance of about one hundred feet from the entrance to the tunnel—did they discover that several beams had been damaged and now lay strewn upon the floor hindering further passage. This problem could be easily rectified Angelique was told.

Desirous to reach the dungeon, Angelique gave orders to the engineers to remove the debris and reinforce the weakened points with additional steel beams. It took three hours for the work to be completed, upon which she and her team reentered the tunnel and proceeded northward toward the dungeon.

It seemed that this old tunnel was not in as bad a shape and had been believed, and Angelique was beside herself with joy. The tunnel itself was only a quarter of a mile in length and once the blockage had been removed no other structural anomalies were discovered to hamper their progress. The ground itself was surprisingly dry and firm, making their trek less arduous than it might have been. In a short while she found herself staring into an immense black void—the place where the tunnel ended and the dungeon began. Directing their flashlights into the cavity, Angelique and her accomplices soon realized that they were standing at the entrance to a world long forgotten: a time when men and women paid for their transgressions on the rack or were left to die shackled to enormous iron chains that hung from the ceiling.

After a short and cursory inspection of the dungeon—insisted upon by the engineers who had warned Angelique that the tunnel's stability, though seemingly intact to the naked eye, could not be taken for granted until further stabilization was performed—the team exited the tunnel and began the laborious job of transporting huge steel support beams into the shaft. It took three nights to finish the job working ten-hour shifts that employed over fifty people at one time.

On the fourth day all work ceased and the equipment and tools were removed from the site. All that remained were a few generators and some prefabricated wooden flooring materials that would be brought in later once the dirt floor of the dungeon had been cleared of whatever debris still remained inside. This Angelique insisted she and her closest associates would attend to. Nobody beyond her own circle of friends cared or asked why. They were paid, sworn to secrecy, and let go, with the understanding that their services may be required again in the not too distant future, and that Angelique would have need of them in the new world order that she would create from the ashes of the old.

************

The "Long Shots" contest first came into being by accident during one particular Sisterhood party in which two drunk and argumentative Sisters bet against each other to see which of their male slaves could ejaculate the farthest. No one remembers whom it was that first thought of the idea, but it became immediately popular and eventually evolved into a more sophisticated affair over the ensuing years, with Sisterhood covens from all over the world being represented in the annual contest.

The trainers represented a diverse age group and came from many different backgrounds. But the one thing they all had in common was the coveted "skillful hand" gift—a talent to control men sexually simply by using their hands. Most women could effectively bring a man to orgasm via masturbation, but a masturbatrix—the name given to the most highly accomplished hand artisans—was capable of controlling a man completely, until his very soul became mere putty in her hands. Because the talent was so unique and brought forth such astonishing results, the masturbatrix was regarded as the epitome of sexual wonder workers—superior to the less talented, but more forceful, dominatrix. To most Sisters, the skillful hand gift was something you were born with: an intrinsic talent shared only by prodigies and which training could only refine. Those less stellar aspirants to the title might spend years studying technique, but they would never attain the full potential of those born with the "gift."

I didn't realize that I possessed this specialized ability until Lenore brought it to my attention after she had seen me masturbate Craig during our visit to Sylvie's boutique a week ago. I recall her telling me that I played upon Craig's penis as though it were a musical instrument and I was the maestro. Her description seemed funny to me at the time, but it accurately reflected the manner in which my hands sought to control and dominate his genitals. A masturbatrix she and I might be, but something had to be said for the one being masturbated as well.

Craig had a strong mental and physical attraction to me, as I did to him. In addition, it was in his nature to please women, and he found the highest expression of this proclivity exemplified in his relationship with me. In other words, we were mutually "in tune" with each other, and this made for superb teamwork, whether I was "gifted" or not. We had what Felicia might have described as "simpatico," that quality of being able to read into each other's psyches and translate those impressions into conscious actions. Judging by the way I saw most trainers handle their champions, it was apparent to me that a similar type of symbiosis was involved.

I arrived at the training room at noon and found my champion and team waiting for me looking bright and eager. I had eaten breakfast alone but managed to say good-morning to my aunt who was busily rehearsing her welcoming speech. Angelique was nowhere to be found. All the girls were wearing some combination of sneakers, blouse, and shorts; Craig was wearing the requisite white robe.

"Guess what I have?" Zula said, waving a DVD in front of my face.

"I don't know," I replied. "But it is polite to say 'good afternoon' don't you think?"

"Don't ever accuse her of being polite," Joanna said to me. "You'll only get her mad."

"Well?" I said. "What is it?"

"This is a movie of last year's competition. We can put this to good use."

"Great," I said. "Put it on the table over there and let's get down to business."

Zula seemed a bit miffed at my abruptness, but I was anxious to go over my plans as soon as possible.

"How are you feeling, Craig?" I asked. "You look like you had a good night's rest."

"I did," he replied happily. "Got ten hours of uninterrupted sleep. I feel great."

"I'm not asking you to perform miracles today. I just want you to place in the qualifying rounds."

"No problem, Holly. I'm ready when you are."

I took some time to explain once again the rules pertaining to these tryout sessions with my team. In this particular round there was really nothing my associates could do except stand aside and watch me masturbate Craig. Their involvement with the contest would take on far greater dimensions later on, when the final round would determine the winner. However, I needed their moral support as well as their conscientious attention to make certain that I was giving my team and myself every possible chance for success.

"We're with you, Holly," Charlotte reminded me.

"Damn right!" Janet exclaimed.

"Bravo! Fortuna!" Felicia added.

Joanna gave Craig a quick exam and confirmed he was is excellent condition.

"Four days without an ejaculation, right?" she asked Craig.

"Yes, ma'm."

"Well, Holly, if your skills are up to snuff, you should have him spurting to the moon."

"I'll settle for a good ten feet," I replied, smiling at Craig.

At exactly 12:30 PM the giant doors leading into the Masturbatorium opened wide, allowing the attendees to enter. Like us, some of the teams came in during the morning to train, but most were happy to forego training and simply slept late. These teams now entered along with the rest of the throng while announcements were made over the loudspeaker directing the various delegations and their teams to their designated seats.

As I led my team into the main concourse, we were joined by masses of people who quickly formed around us, pulling us forward. Thankfully, there were many acolytes who interspersed themselves amongst the crowd, breaking up the momentum of this human chain, creating smaller groups that could be more easily manipulated and directed. I was, frankly, overwhelmed by the size of the crowd, having been informed by Zula that the numbers had now reached well beyond one thousand people.

My aunt had decided that the seating design should take the form of twenty wooden tiers upon which chairs were placed along a 180-degree arc, in the fashion of an ancient Roman amphitheatre. To the right of the amphitheatre and perpendicular to it was the judge's booth; directly across the booth was the podium, which faced the spectators. And several feet beyond the podium stood the lanes where the contest would be held. There were a total of ten lanes in all, and they looked very similar to bowling lanes with the exception that black, plastic markers had been placed every foot along the way to measure the distance of each ejaculation. In addition, there were rubber foot grips installed into the wood where the masturbatrix and her champion were to stand, and a thin, red, plastic carpet covered the area from the start line to the farthest marker—thirty feet away. Sisterhood acolytes, appointed to track the distance of each cumshot, stood at each lane's ten-foot marker with pen and paper in hand, making conversation with each other as they awaited the keynote address to begin.

At first I thought the idea of a man shooting his sperm 30 feet away quite funny, but quickly recalled that Craig had came near to achieving a 20-foot cumshot only recently at Sylvie's. And Jacques LaSalle had succeeded in passing the 18-foot barrier the year before during this very same contest. The thought that someone's orgasm might actually span the 30-foot limit was something I could not quite comprehend, and I began to wonder just what method of teasing and denial, extended milking by hand and machine, and supplemental oral concoctions might produce such a prodigious feat.

My group was seated in the first few rows in between the delegations from England and Italy. Far to my left I could see Angelique and her team sitting quietly, seemingly unperturbed by all the commotion taking place around them. Sitting directly behind my cousin was Jacques LaSalle, looking as if he wished he were someplace else.

Lenore and my aunt had long since arranged that Angelique should represent France in this contest. And even though Lenore had tried to alter this arrangement in my favor, my aunt reminded her of her promise, and so Lenore could do nothing but accept things as they were. In any event, Angelique was a French citizen, and her claim to superiority could not be denied. This being the case, I was chosen to represent my home country of the United States, as Janet Walsh, a Sisterhood delegate from Boston, had decided not to sponsor a champion this year. Janet, therefore, became a member of my team, and I was glad to have last year's winning masturbatrix on my side.

There was a lot of nervous anticipation in the air, as if this were the Olympics themselves and not some surreptitious Sisterhood event. Several rows behind me sat the attendees, most of which were comprised of non-participating Sisters, their close associates, and friends.

As I watched the women file by I suddenly heard my name being called out by someone in the upper tiers. It was Sylvie. Julie and Juliette, who sat to her right, and Astrid and Chantal, who sat to her left, accompanied her. We waved to each other and she tried to shout something to me, but the noise prevented me from hearing her. I was happy to see that she had kept her promise by taking the two girls with her.

Suddenly, a hush came over the audience. The judges, three women dressed in all-black suits, took their seats at the judge's booth. Lenore, my aunt Phoebe, Justine, Estelle, and several other women I did not recognize, followed close behind them and proceeded onto the podium. My aunt quickly took the dais, while the other women took their seats behind her. She tapped the microphone a few times with her finger and, assured that it was working, began to speak.

"Welcome Sisters!" she shouted.

A chorus of cheers greeted her.

"Welcome Sisters, acolytes, and friends to the 21st annual 'Long Shots' contest. Today, thirty-seven countries are being represented in this competition and I, Phoebe Anjou, as the host of this year's contest, want to welcome you and wish each of you the best of luck. The 'Long Shots' contest had a modest, or perhaps I should say, immodest beginning. Essentially, what began as a drunken brawl between two Sisters soon became a competition based upon skill, superior mental and physical conditioning, and yes, even luck. In its first few years of existence, the contest drew only a handful of countries that were willing to compete. Ten years ago I believe we had roughly ten to fifteen countries participating. In the decade since then the number of participants has grown steadily until today we have virtually every Sisterhood chapter represented."

This last statement was greeted with an enthusiastic round of applause.

"This is due solely to your efforts. And the money we have raised via this competition has gone to fund many worthwhile projects in this country and abroad that promote the fundamental principles of female supremacy—a testimony to the Sisterhood's unceasing efforts to create a better world by elevating women into positions of power."

Even before she had finished her sentence, the crowd gave her another thunderous reception.

"And now it is my great pleasure to present to you a woman of great vision and fortitude. A woman who faithfully, and with great dedication, has stood at the helm of our organization for the past eighteen years, guiding us with a firm and resolute hand into the future. A woman who has been a sister to me in more ways than one, my friend...Sister Lenore Marceau."

By the time my aunt was halfway through her closing speech, the audience abruptly rose from their seats and began to clap and cheer wildly. As I stood there clapping along with them, I couldn't help but feel the tremendous outpouring of affection they were showing for my celebrated mentor. But as I looked toward my cousin's area, I was surprised to see that she and her entire group had remained seated, their hands by their sides. And as my eyes further scanned the amphitheatre, I noticed many other women who had refused to applaud their Sisterhood leader. They simply sat there in their seats looking sullen—an unmistakable sign of their displeasure with her rule.

If Lenore noticed these recalcitrant members, she did not seem to be bothered by them. She rose from her seat smiling broadly, looking every bit like a leader of women. As she crossed the platform to the dais she shook hands with my aunt and waved to the crowd. Once my aunt had taken her seat, Lenore motioned for the audience to sit down.

"Thirty-seven countries!" she exclaimed. "Can you believe that?"

A great cheer arose from the crowd. She waited for this sudden burst of excitement to die down before continuing, but I could tell she was very hyped up and wanted the crowd to share in her enthusiasm.

"I know all of you are biting at the bit and want to get on with the contest, so I promise I won't keep you long. Since the days of our illustrious founder, Yvette Anjou, we of the Sisterhood have worked diligently to create a better world, not only for ourselves, but for all of humankind. Because the reins of power have, for the most part, always been in the hands of men, we have had to work covertly, and with great vigilance, in order to accomplish our goals. Many of our Sisters have been persecuted over the centuries and many have suffered humiliation, degradation, and even death at the hands of the male supremacists and their institutions of war and aggression. And why? Because they sought out the peaceful solution: a means of putting an end to war by learning how to compromise and communicate. But even though the solution was shown to them, the male warmongers would have none of it. And so the world went on its bloody way. Sister Yvette Anjou understood that the only way to ensure peace and happiness in this world was to abolish all forms of discord among people. But such a goal could never be achieved while men were in power, and little could be done to change that—until now."

Lenore paused a moment to take a drink of water. She looked cautiously out at the audience from behind the podium, gauging their reactions to her speech. I know they must have been just as curious as I was to learn what she meant by "until now." The low murmurs continued until she put down her glass and resumed.

"Yes," she said. "Until now. We have, dear Sisters, operatives in almost every country throughout the world. These are either official Sisterhood chapters or organizations of some sort operating under, and subject to, our ruling body. And although we are still forced to function behind the scenes, so to speak, a movement is underway to place our operatives in key positions of power. I cannot divulge the manner in which this is going to be accomplished because of security reasons. But rest assured that a fundamental transition of power is now taking place even as we speak. And these positions of power will be held by our operatives, their associates, and men who have been sympathetic to the cause of female supremacy and who actively support our agenda. We have finally reached a point in our history, dear Sisters, where we will no longer have to bend our knee to some archaic patriarchal system that has never worked in the past, doesn't work now, or ever will. The dawn of a new age is upon us, and it will all happen without one person being killed or tortured or imprisoned. This is the task I have taken upon myself—to foster a new world government based upon the age-old Sisterhood ideals of compassion, communication, and courage. And it is a task that I shall soon pass on to my chosen successor."

She looked up from the podium, allowing her eyes to wander around the room for a few moments before finally resting upon me. The audience applauded enthusiastically, and although I saw my teammates smile and speak approvingly of what they had just heard, I felt alone and exposed under the influence of her stare, hoping that she would look away, knowing intuitively that her next words, although spoken to the crowd, were meant for me.

"Soon I shall be forced to pass the gauntlet to the one I deem worthy to succeed me. She, and those who follow her, will be charged with the highest imperative—to ensure that the new world order we create will thrive and expand under their diligent care. It will require the highest level of commitment and the most fervent devotion. For to shirk this sacred duty would mean the destruction of all that we have worked for, and it would mark the end of the Sisterhood. To her I assign this responsibility. May she prove to be as worthy as I believe her to be."

Not once during her speech did Lenore take her eyes off me. Not only was it disconcerting for me to be the subject of her scrutiny, but I also began to feel many other eyes upon me, some friendly, some not. Officially, she had made no statement announcing her choice of successor, but my aunt, Angelique, and many others were aware that she had chosen me to take her place. And now I felt the full brunt of that decision, mirrored in the motley display of faces surrounding me. As the cheers and applause rose to a deafening pitch, I heard Lenore scream one last thing into the microphone.

"Life is short. Enjoy the moment. Audaces fortuna iuvat!"

And with those words she left the stage, followed by my aunt and the other women.

"Well," Charlotte said to me, clapping loudly. "What do you think of that?"

"I feel like I've just been handed an ultimatum."

She shook her head. "You have."

A voice came over the loudspeaker just then instructing the first of the ten teams to assemble by their respective lanes. These teams were led, in an orderly fashion, by a group of acolytes who seemed intent on making the procedure as quick and painless as possible. As the delegations wound their way down toward the area behind the podium, I could see Lenore and my aunt conferring with the three judges. Meanwhile, the camera crews that were waiting behind the judges' booth were given the signal by my aunt to begin filming. Things were moving quickly.

What had served as a white backdrop behind the podium now became an immense projection screen upon which the images of the contending teams were displayed. Although I could see the action well enough without looking at the screen, the people in the back rows shouted their appreciation at being able to see what was partially obscured by distance and angle of view.

Like a well-oiled drill team, the acolytes ordered each masturbatrix and her champion to take their place at their designated spots. In a relatively short time all the contestants were lined up and ready, the seven-foot-tall man from Nigeria being the first to go. His trainer was a woman no older than me—a proud, fierce-looking creature who looked like she could have been his cousin. She stood about six feet in height, slim but muscular, and with long, wavy brown hair that extended all the way down to her waist. If she hadn't been dressed in a skirt and blouse, I could have easily envisioned her in the garb of a huntress.

She rubbed her hands together briskly and then nodded to the judges that she was ready to begin. Without any further ceremony, the acolyte told her to start masturbating her champion. Immediately, her hands fell about his penis, teasing, prodding, and pulling on his cock and balls with light, almost butterfly-like strokes to get him quickly erect. She knew, as did all the contestants, that she had only five minutes in which to make her champion achieve orgasm. If he failed to ejaculate, the team would be disqualified.

With her teammates cheering her on, the masturbatrix grabbed the long, thin shaft of her champion and started to initiate a series of rapid short strokes with alternating long pulls. This technique seemed to work well, for within less than a minute he was rock hard and jutting out a good ten inches or more. Now she began to work on him in earnest.

Gripping the base of his shaft with her left hand, she pulled on him with hard upward motions that reminded me of someone milking a cow. She halted when she reached the tip of his prick and removed her hand for a split second before returning it to the base, where once again she repeated the same movements. The man stood motionless, his eyes closed, and his body gently rocking from left to right as she pumped him furiously. On the far wall above the lanes, a large LCD counted down the time in minutes and seconds. There were only three minutes left to go.

"Come on, Latifah!" one of the team members shouted. "Come on Tahir!"

More words of encouragement followed from Latifah's team as she ran her hand up and down her champion's slender pole with ever more insistent motions. Another minute went by and I laughed as I watched Tahir's beautiful, black ass cheeks draw together tightly, signaling the onset of orgasm. The cameras moved in for a close up shot as his slick, turgid penis, and the lovely hand milking it, filled up the screen in front of us. The big, black prick was ready to discharge its sticky load of sperm.

The next thing I knew, the camera suddenly went out of focus, as the object it had caught in its lens was wrenched from view, leaving only a blurred image of someone's hand. A loud sneeze followed and then I saw Latifah forcefully drop her head down, the hand she had been using to masturbate Tahir now covering her mouth. There was a loud, universal exclamation of disappointment from her team members as their eyes shot skyward, following a murky trail of white as it sailed over Tahir's head and toward the judges. Latifah lifted her head seconds later, her horrified expression matched by the look of all those around her, including Tahir.

"That way! That way!" one of Latifah's teammates screamed, pointing toward the distance marker.

Her hand once again became a forceful pumping machine as she tried valiantly to produce a similar cumshot. But it was too late. The second ejaculation only traveled half the distance of the first, which itself was not even ten feet. Disgusted by her failed attempt, she let go of the still erupting prick, which shot out several more weak spurts before rapidly subsiding, and ran out of the room in a burst of anger.

"What a way to lose!" Zula remarked.

"She was kind of snotty anyway," Janet said, laughing at her own unintended pun.

Nigeria was out—and all because of an untimely sneeze.

What followed next was a succession of lackluster performances that if they had not been so eminently amusing in themselves, would have cast great shame upon both trainer and champion. One of these pitiful, but amusing, showcases was put on by a tall German who, apparently unaccustomed to being filmed by a large contingent of women holding cameras, creamed into his trainer's hand after only a few strokes. This brought on a huge roar of laughter from the crowd and earned the champion an energetic round of verbal abuse from his masturbatrix.

Other countries like Poland, Australia, Russia, and Canada, despite the fact that they were chosen favorites, also failed to qualify. Either the ten-foot mark was not reached or the five-minute time limit came and went without ejaculation. Of the final four remaining countries chosen to compete in the first round, only one—Greece—was victorious: its champion sending a creamy jet of semen hurtling into the 12-foot zone as a result of a ferocious handjob performed with remarkable skill by his masturbatrix.

Many more countries were weeded out as a result of this process of elimination. The delegation from Spain nearly killed their champion when he—at the very last second before ejaculation, and in defiance of the rules—performed what is technically referred to as a "lower-body thrust," a move in which the hips are thrust forward robustly to add force to the ejaculation. It took no less than a dozen acolytes to pull the enraged women off their terrified champion.

The champion from Uruguay also had his problems. Just as the first spurt of cum erupted from his prick, his hand reached down to scratch his itchy balls and instead of the sperm shooting outward, it flew up and hit his chin and then ricocheted off the tip of his nose, causing his masturbatrix to give him a spanking right there and then. The crowd howled.

The second group of ten contestants produced no winners whatsoever. But the third group faired a little better. After the first few contestants failed to qualify, the pygmy champion from the Andaman Islands made fools of the previous contenders by showing them what a four-foot, ten-inch man could achieve. Entrusting his cock and extremely oversized balls to the capable ministrations of his masturbatrix—a beautiful, young pygmy woman who stood only a few inches shorter than himself—he became erect in no less than thirty seconds, and a minute later sent his first in a series of ten cumshots careening over the fifteen foot marker with ease. The entire Andamanese team jumped up and down with joy at their champion's remarkable ejaculation, and the audience, too, went wild.

"It's those little guys with the low-hanging balls that you have to watch out for," Janet noted, wryly.

Both Italy and China succeeded in qualifying, with the Italian champion's cumshot reaching a distance of fourteen and a half feet and the Chinese champion hitting the thirteen-foot mark. Now it was time for the final group to compete.

At a signal from the acolytes, my team members and I rose from our seats and followed the Brazilian team toward the lanes. My cousin and her group took up the rear of the procession. In a very short time each team was positioned at their respective lanes. Brazil was to go first, followed in order by my team, Syria, Iceland, Romania, New Zealand, and lastly, France. Once the judges determined that everything was in order, they gave us the signal to begin.

It took the Brazilian champion just under four minutes to produce a fabulous ejaculation; one so powerful that it impacted with the red, plastic carpet just before reaching the fifteen-foot marker. His masturbatrix patted him gently on the ass in appreciation as their team shouted praise for her and his achievement. Now it was our turn.

"You know what you have to do," I said to Craig, as I began to apply the lubricant to my hands.

"I'm already halfway there," he chuckled, as he looked down at his prick.

He was already semi-erect.

"Oh, that's a good sign!" Felicia cooed. "Shoot it baby!"

"Stand up straight and don't flinch," Joanna instructed him.

Craig had his legs already positioned inside the rubber indents and I now did the same. Encircling my left arm around his waist for support, I grabbed his penis firmly with the fingers of my right hand at the base of his now hardening shaft. I informed the judges that I was ready and the acolyte gave the word to begin.

As I began to stroke Craig I noticed that Angelique had managed to insinuate herself amongst the front row of spectators to my right. I saw her sneering face from the corner of my eye, but I refused to look directly at her. I knew that this was what she had hoped I would do in order to break my concentration, but I ignored her and focused on the job at hand.

It took about a minute for Craig to get fully erect. The women around me spoke appreciatively about the massive twelve and three-quarter-inch monster penis I was now stroking with all my might. My hands seemed to glide effortlessly over the smooth but taut distance from base to tip and I dug my fingers into his ass cheeks to give myself greater support. However, the massive length and girth of his cock eventually began to tire my tiny hands as we approached the three-minute mark. 

"Look at those balls getting all nice and tight!" Janet exclaimed.

"Come on, Holly!" Joanna urged. "Bring him off! You can do it!"

Under normal circumstances I could have varied my grip upon him, and employed inconsistent tempos to regulate his performance, thus preventing my fingers from cramping. As it was, the tryout rules forbade use of any of these devices and therefore my grip slackened a bit. I knew Craig loved a speedy handjob but this was simply not possible now. Instead, I did the next best thing. I gripped his cock just under the glans with thumb and forefinger and used rapid motions to bring him off. When I heard him groan moments later, I knew I had done the right thing.

It was now four minutes into the handjob and I was getting anxious. Judging by Craig's reactions it seemed my ploy had proved effective, but when another thirty seconds elapsed without an ejaculation, my teammates started to panic.

"Do it, Craig!" Zula screamed. "Shoot that fucking cum!"

The others then joined in, shouting at him to release his load of jism. Craig, however, remained unperturbed by all the excitement going on around us. Even when Angelique ungraciously hurled a few vulgar remarks at him, he paid them no mind; his eyes remained focused on the large red marker thirty feet away.

"Ten seconds!" the acolyte shouted.

Oh, my God! I thought to myself. We're going to lose this thing!

I fingered him frantically then, teasing the tiny bit of flesh just under the glans where I knew he was most sensitive.

"Craig!" I exclaimed, looking up into his face.

He made no response. To me it seemed as if he were far away somewhere, his face a study in concentration.

"Eight...seven..." the acolyte continued.

Charlotte and Joanna were holding hands as if in prayer. Time was slipping away. And then I saw a slight smile come across Craig's face.

What the hell are you smiling about? I thought, as I milked him mercilessly.

"Four, three..."

From somewhere behind me I heard a high-pitched squeal. It was Angelique. Her scornful laugh like a slap across my face.

"No!" I screamed aloud, as my tired hands stroked him in an ever-slower rhythm, my hopes for victory as deflated as I knew his prick soon would be.

And then, suddenly, I felt his penis convulse in my slowly stroking hand. From its tip a thick jet of pearly semen shot out with tremendous speed in an ever-increasing trajectory that caught everyone off-guard. And as it flew skyward, an exclamation of awe issued from the crowd, as if they could not believe what they were seeing. For even though my hand was now milking out rope after rope of sperm, the first jet was still in flight, coasting easily over the twenty-foot marker and landing, finally, a few inches beyond it. Before I knew it, my teammates were hugging both Craig and I in a wild frenzy.

"Awesome!" Felicia screeched. "Fucking awesome!"

The acolyte standing nearby confirmed the distance—twenty feet, two inches. It was indeed an incredible cumshot, and everyone, including Craig himself, had been amazed by it.

"I don't know what you did," he said to me. "But whatever it was, you'd better do it during the competition."

"You scared the shit out of me," I replied, somewhat upset at his cavalier attitude. "What took you so long?"

"I've never been under this kind of pressure before. I had to make some mental adjustments."

"Another few seconds and we would have been disqualified."

"I know. I'm really sorry. It won't happen again."

He looked so hurt that I couldn't stay mad at him.

"I'm sorry too," I said. "How could I be angry with a guy who just shot his load halfway across the room? Look, here they come."

The unprecedented feat had attracted the attention of the judges, who along with Lenore, my aunt, and many others, now went to inspect the carpet in person to confirm with their own eyes that Craig's cum had indeed traveled as far as the acolyte had claimed. One of the judges, an attractive brunette who now found herself on hands and knees in front of the twenty-foot marker, almost stuck her face in the whitish puddle as she tried to confirm with her eyes what her brain told her was highly improbable.

"Twenty feet, two inches," she confirmed with a look of disbelief.

Lenore gave Craig a pat on the back. "That was a splendid cumshot," she observed. "You came in just under the wire."

"Thank you, ma'm," Craig replied. "But it was Holly's hand work that did the trick."

"Credit must go to the both of you," my aunt noted. "Congratulations."

Angelique was standing only a few feet away when her mother spoke these words, and although she seemed annoyed at our victory, she was not as displeased as I thought she might have been. She gave me a weak smile and then turned away and returned to her team. The competition now resumed.

Syria, Iceland, Romania, and New Zealand all failed to qualify. Syria and Romania did not reach the minimum distance required and Iceland surpassed the five-minute time limitation. In New Zealand's case, it was discovered that the champion had a hitherto unknown criminal background. It seemed that during an argument between the champion and one of the team members he was romantically involved with, it was revealed in a moment of anger that he had served time in prison on felony charges. The judges spent over a half hour confirming these allegations and once it was proven that he had indeed been convicted of a felony, he and his team were instantly dismissed.

And then it was France's turn.

Jacques LaSalle seemed uncomfortable in his role as champion, which was odd considering that he had won the previous year. He obeyed Angelique's directives and appeared confident and self-possessed, but there was no enthusiasm in his actions. It seemed as if all the energy had been sapped out of him, and all that was left was a facsimile of the once exuberant and virile man I had met weeks earlier tending the vineyards. At one point he caught me looking at him, and he returned my gaze and smiled briefly before bowing his head. Something in his gesture made me feel sorry for him.

Because the other contestants were now crowding around the French team, I told my group to return to our seats where we could watch the final round on the large projection screen. As we took our former seats, a close up of Angelique's face, all grim and determined, appeared on the white backdrop. After speaking a few words to Jacques, she then informed the judges that she was ready to begin. The acolyte then nodded for her to start and her hand quickly enveloped her champion's limp tool.

I could have sworn that the handsome Frenchman wasn't enjoying her insistent pulling very much, yet his prick seemed to have a mind of its own and swelled to its full girth in less than a minute. Angelique's style was very rough and sloppy, so sloppy in fact that several times her hand completely flew right off his cock, making him wince. Despite this, Jacques' prick responded admirably, and another minute later he was groaning aloud, begging for release.

Angelique never looked at him; never said a word. In fact, none of her teammates cheered her or him on either, which I, and nearly everyone else, thought strange. When another minute went by, her boisterous handjob, so carelessly and savagely applied, finally paid off. As she pulled up on him, his cock erupted, sending a massive wad of hot cream flying out across the room. The sperm jet flew over the ten-foot marker and continued on until it landed precisely at the eighteen-foot zone. It was the second best cumshot of the day, but Angelique took it all in stride. I expected her to be dismayed after coming in second to my team, but she seemed to be happy enough. Another apparent enigma I couldn't account for.

The qualifying rounds were now over and seven teams would now move on to the championship contest that would determine the ultimate winner. As the teams and audience dispersed, an announcement was made over the loudspeaker reminding people that dinner would soon be served on the lawn of the west wing.

Although my aunt had spared no expense in catering the affair, it surprised me that a great many people decided to remain in the Masturbatorium after the qualifying rounds had ended. Angelique and her teammates were the first to leave for their training rooms, hardly acknowledging anyone in their haste to depart. Of all the teams, only my own and Italy's attended the dinner party. The rest of them either refused to leave the Masturbatorium or exited en masse to their waiting vehicles at the south entrance. It occurred to me that many of them simply wanted to continue training or go home and rest rather than socialize. I knew this would not go down well with my aunt Phoebe. As it was, my suspicions were confirmed when she approached me on the lawn shortly thereafter looking markedly perturbed.

"You'd think I was offering these people dog food by the way they're avoiding my party. Remind in the future me to spare myself the expense."

"I think they'd rather train, aunt Phoebe."

"Oh, I don't care how much they train. But at least show some courtesy."

"They're more concerned with winning than eating."

My aunt shook her head in dismay. "Well, I think it's disrespectful to not at least show your face. I'm going to say something to Lenore about it."

Before I had a chance to make a reply, a strange woman approached my aunt and led her away by the arm.

My aunt had a point. It was indeed rude for the teams to have not made a least some small attempt to socialize—if only for a short time. She had gone to great trouble and expense to host the contest and their acknowledgment of her efforts would have gone a long way in making her feel appreciated. Thankfully, most of the audience did stay, and I judged that there must have been no fewer than two hundred people in attendance—most of who sat at tables scattered across the lawn.

A huge tent has been set up in the middle of the front lawn from which food was dispensed by a small contingent of waiters. All kinds of meat and fish were available, as were an assortment of fresh fruits, baked goods, and fine chilled wines. I had made conversation with several people before settling down on my lounge chair to enjoy a fruit platter when Craig came to mind. I missed him terribly, but I insisted that he go home and rest for the intense training sessions that were to begin tomorrow morning. I knew that he had a tendency to push himself too hard, often neglecting sleep, to accomplish whatever he set out to do. But sleep was essential if he were to have any chance at winning the contest. He had agreed with my decision, but I knew he was far from happy about it.

A short while later it was announced that some Sisterhood members had just arrived from America. A slew of women rushed to the font gate to greet the visitors, chatting excitedly. Suddenly my aunt came rushing past me, her camera in hand.

"It's Mary Kate and Ashley!" she said out of breath. "And Drew...and...oh my God! Teri!"

In a matter of moments she had disappeared into the waiting crowd.

I was not very much enamored of those people the world had christened "celebrities". And my aunt, for the most part, wasn't either. But there were exceptions when it came to certain stars. And the handful of women who were at this very moment making their way across the front lawn were part of that select few: beautiful, intelligent, women possessed of a particular genuineness and warmth that separated them from the common form of popular entertainers. As the exultant nucleus of women advanced toward the huge tent, I laid back in my lounge chair, amused by the enormous amount of attention paid to these famous Sisters. I was hoping that once the commotion had subsided a bit, I would try and speak to some of them—especially Ashley, whom I greatly admired. She was my own age and had already accomplished great things, especially in the realm of humanitarianism. It seemed to me that there was nothing either her—or her sister—could not accomplish.

The sound of a chair being moved toward me got my attention. It was Lenore.

"I would like to speak with you for a moment," she said smiling faintly.

She took her seat next to me and carefully adjusted her hair. I wondered why she had chosen this moment to strike up a conversation, especially with the arrival of our famous guests.

"You and I are not easily impressed are we?" she began, as the entourage found its way under the tent.

"I'm impressed by a person's character, not by their status."

"As well you should," she readily agreed. "As we all should."

Just then a huge roar of laughter emitted from the crowd and from the center of the group appeared Ashley, looking radiant in her lovely white dress and long blonde hair. One of the more zealous Sisters had taken it upon herself to bestow the twin with a protracted hug and kiss, which sent the surprised girl looking for relief.

"She is so beautiful," I said as I watched her laughingly fend off the excited fan.

"Ashley?" Lenore asked, following my gaze. "Yes, she is. She is also very smart and has a heart as big as the ocean. Mary Kate too. Both exemplary people. You will find them valuable allies once I am gone."

I turned my attention fully upon her, studying her face. "But that won't be for a long time yet."

"Not as long as you may think."

There was a certain finality in her voice that I found disarming.

"What do you mean?"

She took a deep breath and let her gaze sweep over the crowd, who were still congealed in one spot under the tent with the celebrities. Lenore and I seemed to be the only two people who had seemed to avoid getting all caught up in the commotion.

"I'll come straight to the point, Holly. And you will forgive me if I'm blunt. But the truth is, I can no longer continue as leader of the Sisterhood. I am therefore effectively resigning my position as soon as your aunt Phoebe has been installed as interim leader. Her official indoctrination ceremony takes place in a few weeks. It's just a formality, but I need someone I can trust to handle things until you are ready to take over."

This news hit me like a ton of bricks. I had no idea that she was going to hand over the leadership to me so soon. I knew it was coming in due time, but I was not prepared for it to be dumped in my lap, as it were, without any warning whatsoever. For a moment I simply sat there looking at her dumbly, not knowing what to say.

"I don't understand," I finally blurted out. "Why are you resigning?"

"I'm getting on in years, and I just don't have the energy anymore. And I do have plans for my life beyond the Sisterhood."

I thought this strange considering that she had spent the better part of her life in service to the Sisterhood.

"You see, Holly," she continued, "a rift has been forming in the Sisterhood for some time now. And Angelique is in the center of it. You know this. She will soon make her bid for power, and the Sisterhood will need a leader with youth and energy—someone from the outside who has not been corrupted by Sisterhood politics—to fight her. That person is you."

For the longest time I had never understood why Lenore had chosen me to be her successor, given so many other competent women who were available to take on the job. But now I was beginning to understand. As a relative outsider, I was immune from the petty associations that must inevitably develop over time within such an organization as the Sisterhood. I was not a member of any particular clique, nor was I partial to any subgroup within the organization. I was literally an "unblemished" member who, because of my kinship with my aunt and mentorship by Lenore, was virtually beyond reproach. In this type of "sacrosanct" status I could lead the Sisterhood with a great degree of fairness and impartiality, as I had no allegiance to anything except the Sisterhood itself.

"I told you I would accept the responsibility," I reminded her. "But this is all happening too fast. I need time to make arrangements back home."

"That is why I am handing over power to your aunt. So that you can put your affairs in order. But you can't wait too long. It is imperative that you assume the reigns of power as soon as possible. As much as I love Phoebe, Angelique is still her child."

"Do you think my aunt would betray you?"

"No. The poor woman knows by now that her daughter must never become leader of the Sisterhood, but she may use her power to show favoritism toward Angelique. After all, it's not in any mother's nature to harm their own child. Certainly not in Phoebe's case anyway."

"You're putting her in a very difficult position."

Lenore chuckled softly. "She knows that. But I have the utmost faith in her, as I do you."

She rose from her chair and looked toward the mass of people who were now dispersing out over the lawn, their preoccupation with the stars now somewhat abated.

"One thing more," she said leaning over me. "Your aunt loves you and would never hurt you. But in the event that she cannot be with you, for whatever reason, I have given you a great and powerful ally to assist you."

"Charlotte," I said, almost without thinking.

Lenore gave me a knowing smile. "She is a visionary like us. And she has a deep and abiding dislike for Angelique. That's a plus in my book."

"Mine too," I said. "And I'm glad to have her on my side. But I am going to miss you very much."

Lenore laughed aloud and lowered her hand to gently touch my face. "Oh, I'll be around. Don't think I'm just going to vanish into thin air. I'm still a Sister and I have many powerful friends. And you will need all of them before long."

She was implying, of course, that I was in for a bitter struggle. But despite the air of foreboding I was feeling toward the imminent war with Angelique, her words brought me great reassurance.

"Just remember," she said, as she leaned over me and planted a gentle kiss on my head. "You are never alone."

With that she turned her back on me and headed toward the direction of the tent.

My aunt was now personally attending to the needs of the small group of celebrities, and although I wanted to be sociable, I was somewhat averse to crowds and the inevitable feeling of claustrophobia that developed from being enclosed within a wall of people—especially overeager women demanding attention from their idols. I decided I would wait a little longer until their fascination with the stars wore off and then I would say hello.

I had met all these celebrities before, so the novelty of merely being in their presence had long since worn off. The Sisters who had not been as fortunate as I gushed and deferred to the celebrities repeatedly, which made me laugh aloud. Some of these Sisters, who had a reputation for being anal-retentive, control freaks, acted like little giggling schoolgirls in the presence of these luminaries. They beamed and blushed just to be near the exalted ones, and some of the more persevering of the group had to be told to back off by my aunt Phoebe and Lenore when it became obvious that such obsequious attention was beginning to annoy the stars.

Teri and Drew, with their many years of experience in handling crowds of fans, withstood the onslaught of devotion admirably; Ashley and Mary Kate, less well. The twin sisters, who were now twenty-one years of age and whom had shed their little girl shyness long ago, were adept at handling themselves perfectly well at orchestrated events where they could address their fans either from a respectable distance or from the safety of a protected environment. But having grown women insinuating themselves upon you in pell-mell fashion was another matter. Ultimately, my aunt demanded that the stars be left in peace to eat and drink and, although disappointed, the devotees soon dispersed.

As the women found their ways to their tables, I noticed a middle-aged man and woman enter the yard from the west entrance, escorted by one of the household servants. The woman was attractive, tall, and dignified; her short black hair streaked with gray. She wore a simple pastel-blue dress and matching shoes. In her hands was a small, black valise. The man was slightly taller than his companion and looked younger than she did. His facial features were sharp but not harsh, and I though he appeared rather handsome. He wore a three-piece, gray business suit but was carrying the jacket over his shoulders, ostensibly because of the heat, which was now hovering near eighty degrees. As soon as my aunt caught sight of them she called them over toward the table where she and Lenore were sitting.

"Oh, here they are!" my aunt exclaimed as she rose from her seat to greet the handsome pair. "Did you encounter traffic? I know you must have. Please sit down with us and have something to drink."

The man and woman exchanged cordial greetings with my aunt and Lenore and were soon engaged in an animated conversation. I could not make out what they were saying from where I was sitting, but I heard shrieks of delight emanate from that direction every so often, which of course drew everyone's attention. Estelle and Justine, who were just now making their way onto the lawn, headed straight for my aunt's table and were quickly drawn into the conversation. Soon the entire table was in an uproar, which succeeded in piquing everyone's curiosity.

"Okay, Phoebe, now don't be rude!" Felicia exclaimed from a few tables away. "Tell us who your guests are!"

"I was coming to that!" my aunt replied good-naturedly. "Goodness, you are all so impatient!"

My aunt rose from her seat and spoke to the waiting crowd.

"Everyone," she began, "this is my old friend Julia Edgewater and her husband John. Julia is an expert in the art and science of tantric sex. She has come here today at my request to give us all a demonstration of her unique methods. I'm sure you will not want to miss this, right ladies?"

Her question was answered with a round of applause and cheers.

"I thought so. We are going to prepare for the entertainment to begin in about a half hour, so please stay where you are."

She sat down again and resumed her conversation with her guests.

I had heard the term "tantric" sex before, and knew only that it originated in India as a spontaneous and intimate form of lovemaking in which you learn to prolong the sex act through awareness and mediation. That this act was soon going to be demonstrated physically for all of us to see was something I was not going to miss.

"Hi Holly," I heard a sweet, lilting voice say to me.

I looked up into the beautiful face of Ashley, her head silhouetted by the radiant sun behind her.

"Oh, hi!" I responded, surprised to see her. "How are you? Have a seat! Please!"

She quickly drew up the nearest chair and sat beside me. She held a bottle of mineral water in her hands.

I was happy to see her again. The last time we talked was several months earlier during the first tryouts for the "Long Shots" contest. Since then she had acquired a rich, golden tan, which made her large, gray-blue eyes appear even more stunning. She wore a pair of white tennis shorts and a white blouse. As she crossed her legs I noticed how great they looked.

"You look fantastic!" I said, meaning every word of it. "Mary Kate, too. You both look just...fantastic!"

She gave me a big smile. "So do you! I love your hair. It's so beautiful."

She took her right hand and ran her fingers slowly through my hair. "I'll bet this is your natural color," she said, admiringly.

"It is." I replied, a trifle amused.

"It's like running your fingers through milk chocolate!" she laughed.

"My mom is 42 now and her hair is the exact same color as mine. No gray at all."

"Amazing. It's so silky! I wish my hair were so soft."

She gave my hair one last caress and let her hand fall to her side.

"I think your hair looks great," I said.

"Thanks. I have to spend hours with it sometimes. I think I use too much conditioner."

I had a hard time agreeing with her. Her hair looked lustrous enough to me.

"Where's Mary Kate?"

"Oh, she'll be here in a minute. She wanted to get a few snacks for the show."

"Oh, that." I said, finding it hard to suppress a giggle.

"What's so funny?" she said, taking a sip of water.

"Do you know what tantric sex is?"

"Not really."

I gave her a brief rundown on the subject, informing her in the process that my own knowledge was somewhat limited.

"It sounds nice," she said. "Like taking a sex-ed class."

"You don't know my aunt Phoebe," I chuckled.

"Meaning what?"

For a moment she was silent, contemplating the import of my last words. Suddenly her face brightened.

"You're not telling me we're going to see something lewd are we?"

"Oh come on, Ashley," I chided her. "You were at the 'Long Shots' tryouts. You saw what went on there. Don't be so naïve!"

"I am not naïve," she replied with a sly grin. "The entire world likes to think I am—Mary Kate too. And I'm happy to keep it that way. But really, Holly, I am far from naïve."

"Well, then, I'm giving you fair warning. Anything is possible when my aunt puts on one of her shows."

Ashley smiled. "I'm looking forward to it."

A few moments later Mary Kate came over and joined us. She was a bit more outgoing than her sister but less insightful I thought. However, I liked her no less because of it. As we sat talking, I noticed that John Edgewater had disappeared into the cabana while his wife began removing some things from her valise. My aunt ordered the servants to place one of the banquet tables in front of where she was sitting and it was upon this table that Julia was now placing several unfamiliar objects.

"We will be ready to begin in a few minutes," my aunt told the crowd as the preparations were being made.

"Come on," Mary Kate said. "Let's move up close so we can see better."

The three of us picked up our chairs and walked over to my aunt's table. Teri and Drew were already there, seated next to Lenore and chatting away, oblivious to everything else. Soon, a large circle of women formed around my aunt and her guests, with a small pathway leading from the cabana left available for the return of Mr. Edgewater.

A few minutes later, Mr. Edgewater walked out of the cabana in a plain white terrycloth bathrobe. He strode confidently toward the banquet table where his wife was just then applying a thick coating of some white cream to her hands. They smiled at each other as he casually removed his robe and hoisted himself up onto the table. He had a magnificent body and the women showed their appreciation by serving up a chorus of cheers and catcalls.

"Nice ass," Mary-Kate laughed appreciatively without taking her eyes of his naked body. "What do you think, Ash?"

"Absolutely," Ashley replied, equally mesmerized.

"Now, now ladies," Julia shouted to the crowd. "Let's calm down, shall we? What you are going to witness today is the art of tantric sex: specifically, how to give your man the best orgasm of his life. This is achieved via an age-old tantric tradition that focuses upon particular hand manipulation of the man's genitals. If you are able to acquire this technique, then you will have any man groveling at your feet. Now, watch and learn."

Julia began by applying her cream-coated hands directly to John's flaccid penis. He made no sound as she rigorously rubbed the lubricant over his cock and balls, taking special care to always keep her hands working together in tandem, regardless of where she touched him.

"She works very fast," Mary Kate noted, as Julia's hands became a flurry of activity.

"Yes, but methodically," Ashley replied, her head cocked to one side, observing carefully.

I had to admit that Julia's technique was unlike anything I had ever witnessed before or since. Within the space of thirty seconds John's prick had become fully erect.

The crowd cheered and complimented Julia on her obvious skill. I just sat there in silent admiration as I watched her caress and tug on the ten-inch specimen, pre-cum now already visible at the tip of the plum-like head.

"Okay," Julia began after standing back to admire her handiwork. "This penis has been denied orgasm for ten straight days, so you can imagine the amount of sperm awaiting release. Now, I advise you ladies not to come too close or you may get soaked. John tends to shoot very far when he ejaculates."
Despite this warning, no one moved an inch.

"See here," she continued, as she pointed to the thin strip of skin that lay just underneath the glans. "This little piece of flesh is very sensitive. You must be careful not to stimulate it too much or it will become over-sensitized and the ejaculation will not be as forceful."

"Why is that?" Drew asked, while casually pouring herself a drink.

"Well, because once it becomes over-stimulated, the man can feel nothing but discomfort, and the whole process will be interrupted."

Terry reacted like the proverbial know-it-all. "So, what you're saying is, don't screw around with the little piece of skin too much or the guy won't cum."

"That is correct," Julia said without looking at her. "You can go to the head of the class."

Terry seemed quite satisfied with herself and was about to say something else when John let out a loud moan.

"Now," Julia admonished her husband, "let's not lose our composure too soon. I have to show them everything."

With that she advised the crowd of curious onlookers to pay strict attention to her hand motions, as these were going to produce the amazing cumshot we were all expecting to see.

"What I am doing now is kneading his testicles to help force semen into as small a space as possible. It's like filling an already crowded room with more and more people until the room cannot contain one more person. Something has got to give."

Her hands flew up and down on his slick pole in the most graceful and practiced way, and every now and then she would gently caress his taught sac until I saw it actually grow in size before my eyes.

"We all know what's going to happen, don't we girls?" said Drew excitedly, as she tilted her head to one side to get a better view.

Felicia said something in Italian that none of us understood. But it wasn't hard to figure out her implication by the way Julia's hands were now working their magic on the massive shaft. It was almost as if her hands were moving too fast for the human eye to follow.

My aunt and Lenore sat bemused, like two satisfied matrons, as they watched Julia perform her incredible handjob with assiduous skill. Lenore looked at me a few times to gauge my reaction to the performance. I could tell she was happy that Mary Kate and Ashley had befriended me, and that all of us were enjoying the show.

John's entire body now began to stiffen and his hands were clenched. With every upward stroke of Julia's hand, his mid-section rose off the table, humping her fist. Her hands were manipulating his entire genital area with the precision of a master craftsman. One second and her hand was pulling ferociously on the long, well-oiled stalk; the next, it was a fist that held the burgeoning head tightly in place as the other hand tickled and teased his full sac until she made him whimper for release.

Ashley stole a quick look at Mary Kate and both girls started to giggle.

"I think it's so sexy when a guy creams," Mary Kate said to me in a soft voice.

"I love it too," I had to admit. "I hope he shoots a lot."

Ashley laughed aloud. "By the way she's jerking him off, I think you're going to get your wish, Holly."

I think she knew—I think we all knew—that John Edgewater was indeed on the edge. The white lubricant had long since vanished, and now, in it's place, was a torrent of seminal fluid that covered the entire length of his huge dick. Up and down, up and down, went Julia's incessantly stroking hands, showing him no respite, no chance for him to avoid the inevitable.

"Make it a good one!" Terry screeched, turning herself completely forward to get a better view.

Julia's entire focus was now upon what she was doing and the immense pleasure she was giving her husband.

"See how this finger pushes up inside the anus," she began excitedly. "Massaging the prostate will help produce a very robust ejaculation."

"That's what we want to see Julia!" my aunt Phoebe laughed.

"And this hand must milk the shaft just like this, without ever letting go," she continued. "The constant tactile movement I am providing will help force as much sperm into the penis as possible. In this way, you will be able to control every aspect of the man's orgasm. This is what Tantric sex is all about—giving the recipient the greatest pleasure."

I could not believe how tirelessly she worked on him. She seemed to be possessed of a preternatural energy by the way her entire body—not just her hands—engaged itself in its lascivious task. One of her hands now held his penis at the base while the other hand milked the shaft with wild abandon. John screamed like a savage animal, and the collective heads of every woman in the audience bent forward, anxious to see the result of Julia's efforts.

To my surprise, the energized motions of Julia's hands suddenly came to an abrupt halt, and with her husband's tool now reacting with uncontrolled spasms, she stepped back a few feet to witness the effect of her labors. What we saw at that moment was nothing short of amazing.

The huge cock began jerking back and forth as if it had a mind of its own. With no hand to guide it, and with the intense onrush of sperm literally forcing the blood-engorged tool to succumb to its own inexorable will, the unruly penis danced around from side to side in a series of abrupt spasms.

For a few moments the crowd of women held their breath in expectation of witnessing something spectacular. And then I suddenly found myself rearing back upon my chair as everyone began shrieking with surprise and delight, their collective eyes tracing an imaginary arc through the sky that seemed to terminate in my vicinity.

With the sun directly in my view and being devoid of sunglasses, I did not see the first jet of sticky sperm launch itself from the tip of Mr. Edgewater's bobbing prick. Ashley had seen it, and shifted her petite body to one side as the creamy volley of hot spunk sailed a few feet above her head. All three of us reacted with surprise and laughter as the tail end of the trail of sperm made contact with Ashley's left shoulder, while the bulk of the load made impact with a woman sitting a few rows behind us.

"He got you!" Mary Kate shrieked, as Ashley stared at the droplets of sperm that hung obscenely from her blouse.

The women behind us were laughing uncontrollably when they saw Ashley's predicament, but they saved the most ridicule for the recipient of Mr. Edgewater's huge offering: a middle-aged Sister whose French salon coiffure was copiously bathed in the sticky wash.

"Get me a towel or something, for heaven's sake!" the victim screeched as she looked about for something to dry herself off.

A huge roar from the crowd suddenly diverted our attention, as the unattended prick began to release several bursts of semen one after another in quick succession. I literally counted seven distinct volleys, all very voluminous and shot a great distance—one rope actually flying over Julia's head to land on Drew's feet.

Drew laughed aloud as she inspected her newly christened shoes. "They say it's good for the skin!" she remarked with a big smile.

Mary Kate and Ashley were beside themselves. I actually found their reactions even more entertaining than the wild cumshots themselves. As each new explosion of sperm shot out in whatever direction the pulsating and uncontrollable cock was aimed, the girl's eyes would follow it to see where it would land, responding with unbridled laughter as the creamy spurts made impact with their various targets. One particularly long and stringy shot of cum flew over Mr. Edgewater's head and landed on my aunt's table umbrella, causing her to jump out of her seat. She jokingly reached out her hand beyond the rim of the umbrella to see if it was raining, and this provoked fits of laughter from the twins.

During this spectacle, Julia remained quiet and calm, smiling placidly at the penis she had manipulated into such a series of stupendous ejaculations. It was a testimony to her skills that her husband's prick continued to cum for almost a minute, each ejaculation as powerful as the one before until, at last, the reservoir of sperm was drained dry. Accordingly, she received a thunderous round of applause.

"I never thought it possible that the tantric form of sex could produce such an amazing orgasm as we saw just now," my aunt Phoebe shouted as she attempted to quell the crowd. "Thank you, Julia. You were wonderful."

Julia seemed enormously pleased and thanked everyone for their kindness and attention. She and her husband walked toward the cabana amidst another round of applause and disappeared while Mr. Edgewater got dressed. They emerged a few minutes later and joined my aunt and Lenore at their table.

"Well," I said to Mary Kate and Ashley. "What did you think of that?"

"It was great!" Mary Kate replied, her face all aglow. "Do they have tantric sex for women too?"

"Of course," Ashley frowned. "Well, I hope so anyway."

"I'm sure they do," I said. "I just find it amusing that Julia didn't need drugs or any special prolonged treatment to make her husband cum like that. It's just a simple hand technique."

"I know," Ashley remarked. "But did you see how fast her hands were working on him? I don't think it's as simple as you think."

"Maybe not. But I would like to learn more about it."

"Me too," Mary Kate said with a twinkle in her eye.

As the party progressed into the night I began to feel tired and was forced to take my leave of the twins and the other guests. Tomorrow Craig's training would begin in earnest, and I needed to get my sleep.

I was happy to learn that all the celebrities were going to be in town for a few weeks and would indeed attend the "Long Shots" contest the following Monday. It would be nice to break up the routine of training by spending time with Mary Kate and Ashley. I felt so comfortable with them. They were both unpretentious, kind, and had a wonderful sense of humor. And, as I drifted off to sleep, I was reminded of Lenore's high praise of the twins, and was grateful for their friendship.

End of Chapter 8

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 09
byfmcchris©

Craig Lundquist was finding it difficult to go to sleep. He wasn't thinking about the "Long Shots" training he was about to undergo the next morning and all that it entailed. Nor was he thinking so much about his tremendous attraction for Holly McKenzie, although he did try, but in vain, to dispel the images crowding his troubled mind with thoughts of her. What was bothering him was the inexplicable behavior of his erstwhile friend, Barney Cole.

Although Barney was almost 15 years older than Craig, the two men had forged an almost instant friendship. Craig looked up to Barney as a sort of ad hoc mentor and Barney thought of Craig as just one hell of a nice kid—someone who reminded him of the kind of man he was at a younger age. They found that they had much in common, despite the age gap, and they wound up spending an inordinate amount of time together as best friends are wont to do. So when Barney had called that night a few weeks ago and told Craig he was going back home to Canada, and Craig having received no satisfactory explanation for Barney's quick and mysterious departure, the blonde boy was dumbfounded. Enigmas were something that Craig could never abide. And this one had hit too close to home.

Craig recalled the wild sexual adventures he and Barney were made to undergo back in Stockholm under the expert guidance of the beautiful Dr. Swensen and her equally beautiful colleague, Dr. Hellstrom. He remembered how Barney helped break the ice between him and Dr. Swensen's assistant, Cheryl. And how Barney acted as best man during his wedding to the girl who eventually left him after only a few months because she realized that she really didn't love him. Even after she left him, Barney was still there—a friend as constant as the Northern Star.

In time he and Barney decided to join a popular men's strip show revue and made a fairly decent living singing and dancing in the nude for crowds of women who would enthusiastically cheer them four or five nights a week at various venues in and around Stockholm. Not only were he and Barney paid well, but both men were the lucky recipients of sexual favors lavished upon them by the clubs' female clientele. It was the kind of life that most men only dream of. But when Dr. Swensen offered to take both men with her on her visit to Paris, Craig and Barney couldn't refuse. The good doctor had made the trip a gift to both men, in gratitude for all the help they had given her during the infamous "EJAX-472" experiments, and they both were looking forward to the journey abroad.

Now, the mystery surrounding his friend's hasty exit from the country preyed upon his mind. It was unlike Barney to be so disingenuous. He wondered if it was something he had said or did that drove the handsome black man away. But what? Craig and Barney had always spoken their minds plainly and openly, never holding back anything that might get in the way of their mutual understanding. It simply made no sense. And so he could not sleep.

He looked at the clock on his night table. It was almost midnight. In seven hours he would have to get up and get ready for his first day of training at the Masturbatorium. He simply had to get to sleep or he would be useless. He tried to put thoughts of Barney out of his head. He would force himself to think of something else—anything else but his friend's unexplained desertion. Presently he found himself recalling his recent past, just a few years before he had become involved in the EJAX-472 experiment. He laughed into his pillow when his mind recalled the two attractive, middle-aged women who first introduced him to the exuberant joy and privilege of being naked in the presence a dominant, clothed woman.

They were both good friends and nurses by trade. Irene Terry was the one that had introduced him to the term "milking," a process by which she eventually trained him in such a refined and methodical manner that his conception of fulfilling sex was to be forced onto his hands and knees and milked like a cow. Craig had been cutting her lawn one hot July afternoon just days after his eighteenth birthday and she had been sunning herself on a lounge chair watching his every move. Her husband was in South America on business and she was desperately randy—a state her taciturn spouse had been failing to recognize for some years. The painfully handsome young man in his cut-off jeans, who looked every inch a god, was just too tempting a treat for the 40-year-old vixen to disregard.

Craig remembered how she had blatantly seduced him right there in her kitchen, forcing him up on the kitchen counter where she administered a blistering blow job that made his young prick dance for joy. When he came, she had kept her lips tightly sealed around the tip of his shaft while he pumped her mouth full of hot, creamy spunk. He had never received such a blowjob before or since. But it was the milkings that soon came to dominate his sexual life. And it was during these "sessions" that he learned how to surrender himself to a woman and abide by her will.

Irene Terry was of average height and had a voluptuous figure, although she was not nearly as busty as her friend Kimberly Barber. She was pretty, but not beautiful. Most of the time she liked to wear her luxuriant brown hair in a ponytail because it made her look younger. It was at her house that the milkings, outdoor nude sunbathing, and other fun things happened to Craig during that splendid summer he spent working for her. Irene's younger sister, Kelly, who was in her late thirties, was a divorced woman with two young children, and often dropped by her sister's house while her kids were at school to enjoy swimming in the backyard pool. It wasn't long before she, too, became enamored of Craig, and took part, along with her sister, in his nascent sexual education. Craig laughed aloud when he recalled the sisters telling him that they had learned the "art of milking" from watching their mother milk their father on top of the bed way back when they were still both in college. This thought amused him greatly.

Kimberly was a few years older than Irene. She was tall and slim, and had enormous breasts. Her long black hair matched her dark eyes, and gave her a very striking appearance. Her husband had died a few years earlier, leaving her with a small fortune but no children. She was justifiably proud of her legs, which she took every opportunity to display. Like Irene, she too was a very skilled milker, and could make Craig moan uncontrollably with her talented hands. It was she who first shaved his cock and balls, telling him that it would add to his pleasure when they masturbated him.

The fact that she and Irene were older and more mature than he was had added greatly to the eroticism of their sexual encounters. Before the summer was over, he had experienced no fewer than a hundred separate milking sessions, and he eventually came to long for the feeling of their hands on his genitals. Their intimate handling and teasing of his cock and balls was performed with such skill and grace that he soon became a slave to their will, doing almost anything they asked of him with humble submission.

What Craig enjoyed most about these milking sessions, beyond the actual physical contact, was that both women enjoyed talking dirty to him. As they stroked his cock they would frequently say something wickedly erotic to him or to each other. Things like, "Oh, Irene! Look at how big you've made his cock get!" Or, "That's the way Craig! Yes, baby, keep shoving that big dick back and forth in my hands. I want you to shoot that hot cream all over my fingers!" And a million other myriad phrases designed to increase the eroticism of his masturbatory experience. Craig loved all the sexy, lewd, and suggestive comments that they would shower upon him. He reveled in the power these women had over his young and splendid body, and he did all he could to please them.

Many of the milking sessions had gone on for hours, with intervals for conversation or eating. The two mature vixens teased and denied the young boy repeatedly, knowing that this technique would produce the most robust cumshots. Sometimes the women would allow him to masturbate them or perform oral sex on them, but they forbade sexual intercourse. He never understood why, but it was something they had made clear to him from the beginning and he never questioned their decision after that, grateful instead to be their boy toy and enjoy the pleasure of their combined hands as they treated his body as if it were their own private playground.

Of all the sessions he had enjoyed, it was the very first and final encounters with Irene, Kimberly, and Kelly that would forever remain etched in his mind. He remembered how utterly excited he had become when he watched Irene and Kimberly lay a blanket upon the dining room table and had him climb on top of it, positioning himself on all fours. He remained in that position for several hours as their hands and mouths hungrily explored every inch of his taught young body. They would masturbate him relentlessly until he was begging them to let him cum, and then they would abruptly stop and wait for him to beg them to let them continue. It was this tease and denial process that partly explained the great staying power he was able to maintain in his future sexual encounters. He smiled when he recalled seeing Kimberly produce a large white plastic pail from her kitchen pantry to place directly underneath his swollen cock and balls. She referred to it as her "milking pail," and it was into this receptacle that he would shoot gallons of sperm for the women's delight over and over again all summer long.

The final time he spent with the three women was to leave an indelible impression upon his mind, and epitomize for him what a true CFNM experience should be.

Craig had come to learn that his mistresses were members of a group of women who called themselves the "Purple Hats"—the color purple signifying their founder's penchant for wearing this particular hue. Anywhere from fifty to a hundred women attended these regular monthly "meetings" at an upscale country club on the outskirts of Stockholm. On the surface this group seemed hardly more exotic than a ladies social tea, but in reality it provided an opportunity for its members to enjoy some ribald fun. This "fun" took the shape of male burlesque shows. Ostensibly, the men who performed in these shows never went completely nude, but that was not always the case. Depending upon the level of drunkenness, one could expect to see more than one penis on display before the night was over. And many times those penises were brought to impressive orgasms for all the women to enjoy. This is where Kimberly and Irene had perfected their hand skills. And the coup de grace that was to cap off his summertime frolicking was his being ordered to perform, with the blessing of all three of his mistresses, for this demanding group of debauchees.

Craig felt a slight twinge in his balls as he recalled the leather cock ring that Kelly had expertly attached to his genital area during many of his milking sessions, and which she had used on that final night as she paraded him around the dance floor for all the women to see. He was exhibited like a piece of horseflesh and he loved it. His huge, stiff penis, made even more pronounced by its forced encasement within the cock ring, amazed the lecherous group, and Kelly had to fight off the more aggressive types who sought to claim his penis for her own.

The cock ring had enabled Craig's teachers to both masturbate and perform fellatio on him without having worry about him ejaculating in their hands or mouths. The ring prevented that from happening, yet it also provided him with unrelenting, exquisite pleasure. He laughed when he remembered the funny looking contraption called a "ball stretcher," which was nothing more than a leather-type sack that could be stretched to accommodate his very large testicles. The ball stretcher could be snapped into place, allowing his sperm-laden spheres to remain about four inches away from his body. It sensitized his testicles to the point that he could feel every deft movement of their fingers no matter how gently they rubbed him. Hours later, when they finally removed the sack, his balls would hang even lower than normal, swollen to twice their size with a heavy amount of semen waiting to be coaxed out by their expert hands.

He could never forget when Irene had allowed all 98 women in attendance at the country club that night to come up to the dais and take turns masturbating his magnificent prick. And all of them gladly did so, some with the ulterior motive of getting him to cum, but all with the sense of utter enjoyment. One woman, who had to be in her early 60s, fisted him with hard, rapid strokes, in an attempt to provoke a cumshot. But even though Craig was immensely turned on by the attractive older woman, the cock ring was persistent in doing its job, and after a full two minutes of fierce stroking, the frustrated woman gave up and returned to her seat clutching her tired arm.

This ribald show went on for over two hours until at last the young man could stand no more. Sensing his need to ejaculate, Irene removed the cock ring and ordered him to masturbate himself to completion before the expectant crowd. Having seated themselves in the front row of chairs next to their screaming comrades, Irene, Kimberly, and Kelly encouraged their protégé to give the ladies what they so desperately wanted to see. As Craig looked around him he saw a sea of faces—some pretty, some plain—but all concentrated on his prick and the huge load of sperm that was demanding to be released.

Directly in front of him sat Irene, her cute face all aglow, proud of the man-boy she had educated in the ways of female dominance. To her left sat Kimberly, her long sexy legs crossed in cheesecake fashion, which she knew drove Craig wild with lust. She had taken off her shoes so that she could wiggle her lovely feet back and forth as if she were masturbating his turgid prick from a distance. Kelly sat a few seats away, laughing as she followed each frantic movement of Craig's pumping fist.

Craig felt his heart beat loudly in his chest as he remembered the women's good-natured laughter and cheers while he steadily brought himself to orgasm before their eyes. Thanks to the training he had received, he felt no sense of embarrassment as he masturbated himself. The only thing he felt was a tremendous sense of excitement and an overwhelming desire to please—the same feelings he had experienced during all of his earlier milking sessions. The only difference now was that he was performing to a crowd, and he, to his own surprise, was proving to be nothing less than a consummate showman.

He sighed with pleasure as he remembered how the sperm rose up in his shaft, compelling his hand to bring him to orgasm. He knew he was going to ejaculate soon. The women seemed to know it too and had cheered him on incessantly. During the final moments when he was just about to cum, he noticed that some women left their seats and came close to the dais to better observe him. This thrilled him greatly, as he always loved the type of woman who was somewhat, but not overly, aggressive. He looked at their legs and their hands, two areas of the female body that greatly enticed him, and imagined shooting ropes of sperm all over them. He watched their expectant faces, how they laughed and made teasing remarks with one another as they encouraged him to jerk off for them. He remembered seeing one very raunchy woman pumping her fist up and down over an imaginary prick as she licked her upper lip and grinned lewdly. But most of all, he remembered one very attractive middle-aged woman with huge breasts who sat to his immediate left and who kept a big glob of whipped cream on the edge of her tongue, treating it as it were sperm, playing with it unashamedly as she sucked it in and out of her mouth several times while trying to keep from laughing. Unaccountably, it was this simple lascivious act that had finally served to push him over the edge.

All at once the room became completely silent, and then suddenly exploded with a huge roar as the first jet of sticky spunk was violently expelled from his excited tool. Higher and higher went the creamy salvo, careening over the heads of every woman in the first several rows, finally finding its mark on the tiffany chandelier about a dozen feet away. Craig remembered the look on Irene's face as she struggled to comprehend the significance of this great feat, and how she buried her face in Kimberly's arm as she was overtaken by a fit of uncontrollable laughter. Kimberly was still looking at the chandelier, her mouth agape, amused at the sight of the thick strands of sperm that hung obscenely from the crystal spears. She turned her head just in time to see Craig's rapidly stroking hand bring forth an awesome double-decker rope of creamy white spunk that splashed head on into the torsos of several women sitting just behind his incredulous teachers. The outburst of laughter was like a tidal wave of sound that beat down upon his naked body, enervating him, charging him. He saw faces covered in sperm, women spitting out thick streams of slimy paste, hands reaching for anything to wipe off the offending liquid. A few women ran straight for the toilets. And over all this commotion, a thick wash of sound in the form of deafening laughter and clapping hands.

And then, something unexpected happened: something that he never could have imagined. To this day it has remained a point of contention between himself and his three former mistresses, but it nevertheless did occur, much to everyone's surprise and delight.

Even as the second volley of cum had succeeded in drenching those closest to the errant spray, another thicker and more substantial eruption was soon to follow. Craig likened the feeling to a volcano that spits forth a few relatively mild rivulets of lava, and then erupts suddenly with intense force, spilling its hot contents over the entire landscape in a spectacularly hellish show. And this is exactly what he did.

From somewhere in the pit of his low-hanging balls, his wildly pumping fist coaxed out a succession of white bursts: long, stringy ropes of cum that followed one upon the other without pause, flying high into the air like a fireworks display and coming down upon the heads of the amazed and amused audience like a shower of lava. The crowd roared. The first few rows were bathed in spunk, which fell down upon them as if they had been caught in a brief, but intense, summer rain shower. Irene, Kimberly, and Kelly had been among those who were so christened, but instead of trying to escape from the cum shower, they laughed and let themselves be bathed in its creamy effluence.

After two or three more explosive bursts of cum sailed out into the audience, Craig's ponderous weapon finally grew silent. It had been an unprecedented display of male virility, and the women stood up and applauded him enthusiastically. Craig had stood there in front of them, his prick and hands covered in sperm, smiling broadly. But most significant of all, he had pleased his mistresses beyond their highest expectations, and this satisfied him to no end. The culmination of months of training had paid off handsomely. His adventures with Irene, Kimberly, and Kelly were now over, but unbeknownst to him, he was getting ready to embark on a brand new adventure that would take him to places he had never been. And Paris was just the beginning.

These prurient thoughts had managed to get Barney out his mind for a short time. But now, as he felt himself drifting off to sleep at last, the far away sound of girlish laughter that he had heard while talking to Barney on the phone came back to him. Barney's unexpected departure still troubled him greatly, but sleep finally, mercifully, overtook him.

************

The weeklong training period for the "Long Shots" contest was ready to commence. I awoke early, about 6:00 AM, dressed, and had a quick breakfast of cold cereal. It seemed everyone was still asleep, and for that I was grateful. I really didn't want to run into my cousin. I could not bring myself to look into those malignant, hypnotic blue eyes of hers this early in the morning or have to endure any of her casually indifferent remarks. It was bad enough that I might encounter her during the training sessions, and I didn't want to compound the experience if I could help it. Once back in my bedroom, I felt secure knowing that she was beyond my reach for the present. I sighed with relief as I looked over the training schedule, making adjustments here and there as I deemed necessary.

The training week would run from Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM to 3:00 PM, with a one-hour rest period. Saturday was the day of the contest, which would be held at 2:00 PM in the main hall of the Masturbatorium. Even now my mind was envisioning a great victory for my team. I saw myself holding the "Antoinette" award in my hands, acknowledging the thunderous applause that greeted my victory with silent and dignified grace. But most of all, I relished the look of utter defeat on Angelique's face, the sanguine, hypnotic blue eyes no longer reflecting the malice within but replaced with a vacant incomprehensibility, as she and her team made their ignominious exit from the great hall, the procession of unhappy, cowering figures casting evil glances at me and my associates as the deafening applause followed them out. It was a moment I savored in my mind for quite some time before coming back down to earth.

It was now down to seven teams: United States, Italy, France, Brazil, China, Greece, and the Andaman Islands. In truth, any champion could win. Nothing in these contests was ever a given. However, I was fortunate in that I had on my team several women who had previously won the coveted award—women like Felicia and Zula and Janet. Our team could only benefit from their combined expertise, and I was grateful for their support.

I got to the training room about 8:30 AM, surprised to see my entire team, including Craig, already there waiting for me. Most of the other rooms were still dark, but there were a few, including Angelique's, that were already bustling with activity. I greeted everyone and gave Craig a big hug. He was already completely naked and was being masturbated by Felicia in order to prepare him for the Extractinator.

"Isn't this the finest dork you've ever seen?" she said to me with a grin, as her delicate fingers skimmed over the length of his hardening prick with ease.

"I think it is," I replied, admiring Craig's equipment. "You girls are here early."

"We wanted you to know that we are serious about winning this competition, Holly," Charlotte said, as her eyes shifted from the Extractinator control panel to meet mine.

She was wearing a pair of faded jeans, sneakers, and a white blouse with no bra—a far cry from the exquisitely dressed woman I had seen the last time we were together.

"I have no doubts about that," I replied. "Is the machine ready to go?"

"Almost," Zula said, as she fidgeted with some of the controls on the panel. "Manual override enabled. We're good."

Joanna and Janet were staring at Felicia all during this time, watching her pull ever harder on Craig's now fully erect cock.

"I'd say you've got him as hard as he's going to get," Joanna chuckled.

"Yeah, cut it out Felicia," Janet warned. "You might make him cum."

"Are you ready, Craig?" I asked him.

"Whenever you are," he replied, seemingly anxious to get started.

"Okay, ladies," I said. "Put him in the machine."

As I watched them help him into the imposing device I was again reminded of how friendly and willing to please he was. He obeyed every one of their orders speedily and without question, sometimes looking at me for reassurance but never showing the slightest hint of unwillingness to perform as instructed. They, in turn, treated him almost as if he were a fragile and priceless piece of artwork. Even Zula found it difficult to remain taciturn for very long in his presence, his easy manner and affable disposition seeming to have a quelling effect upon her.

Once he had been secured within the machine I had Zula start the program and we all sat down and watched as his cock and balls were fondled, prodded, and stroked for the next hour. He showed remarkable restraint, even when the mechanical hand was set to its highest position. We watched astonished as the hand flew up and down his greasy pole at speeds no human hand could match, and yet his concentration could not be broken. For a full five minutes this tortuous handjob continued, and at one point I saw him look at me with a sense of pride at his accomplishment. I knew, as we all did, that this could not continue for much longer without causing an ejaculation, so I ordered Zula to end the training session and let Craig rest for a short while before beginning again.

After Zula and the others had helped him out of the device, he staggered over to me—his legs wobbly and his face flushed—and sat down.

"Are you okay?" I asked him.

"Fine. It's just that my body…it feels like one big piece of jello!"

"Your face is all red."

"And I feel tingly all over. That machine is something else."

"Do you think you would have cum if we kept going?"

He shrugged. "I don't know, but I'm glad you ended it when you did."

For the rest of the day we had Craig alternate between being serviced by the machine and our own expert hands, and at 3:00 PM I ended the training session and ordered him to go home. At first he seemed reluctant to go, but I was forced to remind him that fraternization between a mistress and her champion during training sessions was strictly forbidden. In truth, I wanted to be with him, but I had to be firm. The last thing I wanted was a confrontation with Lenore.

The remainder of the week went by pretty quickly; each day almost like a replay of the day before, with minor variations. Zula had become an expert at handling the machine, knowing precisely when to stop the device before sending Craig into orgasmic oblivion. For his part, Craig performed superbly, managing to maintain control over his penis to the degree that neither any of us, or the Extractinator, could force him to give up his sperm. I had never seen such self-control exhibited in a man before, and it made me feel confident that he would perform well in the contest.

On Friday, the day before the contest, I decided not to push things too far, as I felt that Craig needed rest more than another rigorous training session. At noon the other girls and I went for lunch while Craig rested on the bed in the adjoining room. I felt bad for him lying there looking up at me with those large blue eyes, unable to eat a morsel until training had commenced. He took it stoically, knowing that his sacrifice would not be in vain.

Zula had had a rather large breakfast, so she decided to stay behind and continue to work with the machine. She had always been a sullen person, but today she seemed even more so. I could see that something was bothering her, but she went about her business as usual, barely speaking to anyone. At one point, Charlotte inquired if she was feeling all right, to which Zula responded with a scowl. I decided not to interrogate the big black woman, fearing she might lash out at one us. So I left her alone and let her do as she wished. The image of her smashing in her late boyfriend's skull with a hammer simply because he did not like her dress, made me err on the side of caution.

My aunt Phoebe, Lenore, Justine, and Estelle met my colleagues and me for lunch. We sat at a long table in the main hall, which had been outfitted to serve as a cafeteria until the training sessions had ended. During this time I saw Angelique and Marge Davis at another table not far away, laughing and joking as if they already knew the outcome of the contest. She wore a pair of white shorts, sneakers, and a black halter-top, and her long blonde hair was tied up in a ponytail. She looked at me a few times, but I paid her no attention. At one point my aunt had called to her to join us at our table but she acted as if she didn't even recognize us.

Marge Davis looked her usual sinister self. She was dressed in a pair of black leather jeans and black blouse, over which she wore and half-length black leather jacket. To compliment her attire she wore a pair of black leather riding boots, to which were attached a pair of jodhpurs. The only thing she was missing was a whip. Like Angelique, her hair was pulled back into a ponytail, but on her its effect was much less flattering, giving her appearance a particularly severe quality. She sat next to her confederate; listening to everything my cousin had to say but saying nothing herself. All she did was sit there and laugh, sometimes loudly, and with a frightening maliciousness that gave me a cold feeling down my spine. Charlotte glanced now and then at the source of this malignancy and I saw her face turn dark. After one particularly loud outburst of laughter she cursed to herself in French and I saw her knuckles turn white as they firmly clutched the knife she was holding.

"English pig!" she said into my ear.

"Don't let them get to you," I replied as quietly as I could. "They'd love nothing more than to ruffle our feathers. Ignore them."

The laughing from the other table continued unabated, but Charlotte retained her composure. However, it was my aunt who finally lost her temper.

"What could possibly be so funny that the two of you must continue to act like a bunch of hyenas?"

"Since when is it against the rules to laugh?" Angelique retorted in her impudent way.

"Since it is most disturbing to the rest of us who are trying to enjoy our lunch. Take it elsewhere or shut up."

Without a word both my cousin and Marge Davis quickly got up and marched out of the room without giving any of us another look.

Lenore shook her head in disgust. "Forgive me Phoebe for saying this, but I hope that Holly and her girls make mincemeat out of the French team."

My aunt looked dismayed. "I don't understand why she must be so obnoxious. There is no excuse for it. I must apologize for her behavior."

"I passed her in the outer hall this morning and she didn't say a word to me," Justine commented.

"And why should she?" Estelle replied forlornly. "If she treats her own mother like this, how can we expect any better?"

"I don't know what to do about it," my aunt said. "I think something in her mind has snapped."

Lenore swallowed a morsel of food and then took a leisurely sip of wine. "I am sorry to say it but I think you are right."

My aunt looked directly into her superior's eyes. "And what am I going to do about it? Can you—can anyone here help me?"

"I don't think you should do anything about it," Felicia interrupted. "At least not now."

Janet removed the fork from her mouth in one quick motion. "But if she's sick—I'm sorry Phoebe—if she's sick then she needs professional help. I don't think it is a good idea to wait."

"Thank you for your professional opinion," my aunt replied dourly. "What about you Joanna? You're a doctor. What do you suggest?"

The beautiful redhead raised her napkin to her mouth to wipe away a crumb and smiled faintly. "I'm a medical doctor, not a psychiatrist. But if you really want my advice, I would wait until the contest is over before making any plans. And your inauguration is coming up in a few weeks. I'm sure you're going to want your daughter there."

"Oh, I don't care about that," my aunt said dismissively. "I just want her to be healthy again. I can't bear to see her acting so recklessly."

"I still would advise you to wait until the contest is over. It's only another day. If you want, I will speak to some of my colleagues and we will work something out. You know I will help you in any way I can."

"I will defer to your judgment because you are the professional here. For now we will let it rest."

No one said another word about Angelique. But during the rest of our conversation my aunt said very little. Even though she laughed at a few of our jokes, I could tell that inside she was sad. Lately her eyes had lost some of their sparkling luster. That inner radiance that bespoke of a love of life and the energy to live it to the fullest extent was now partly hidden behind an impenetrable veil of gloom. These days she seemed distant and often taciturn, as if her concern for her daughter occupied her mind to the exclusion of all else. And for this, I despised Angelique even more.

"What the hell is going on there?" Justine remarked, rising abruptly from the table to look over my head.

Suddenly, I heard several women screaming and turned around to see the entire Brazilian team running toward us.

"Come quickly!" one of the women shouted at us. "The machine is blowing up and the man is still inside!"

"Jesus Christ!" I heard my aunt swear aloud as she and our entire table quickly rose and dashed toward the training room.

The acrid smell of an electrical fire reached my nostrils several seconds before I actually saw the smoke emanating from the door of our training room. As we approached the door, I could hear Craig's voice screaming from inside. He was trapped in the machine!

My aunt tried to open the door but it was locked.

"Holly, get this door open or otherwise he's going to die in there!" my aunt shouted as she fumbled with the doorknob.

As I inserted the key into the lock Lenore ordered some of the women to fetch a fire extinguisher. I quickly got the door open and was greeted by a thick cloud of black smoke. Craig was coughing loudly and shouting for someone to help him. I heard the loud screeching sound of metal upon metal—the Extractinator was still on, and seemed to be operating at top speed.

I knew that I didn't have much time. Crawling on hands and knees, with my eyes tearing and my throat dry with smoke, I made my way to the power switch and pulled the plug. The machine stopped abruptly. Looking up I could see the dim outline of Craig still locked into the device. He moaned a few times and started coughing again.

"Craig, it's me." I shouted to him. "We're going to get you out of there. Hang tight."

He moaned a few more times and continued coughing, this time more violently.

"We need help!" I cried. "Aunt Phoebe!"

From behind me I heard a loud commotion and turned around to see my aunt, Lenore, and several other women come rushing into the room. One was carrying a fire extinguisher and was using it on the power console, which was aflame.

"Work quickly!" I heard my aunt tell the women as she and Lenore lifted me to my feet.

By this time everyone was coughing uncontrollably as a result of the thick, pervasive smoke that filled our lungs.

"Hurry," Lenore cried through choking gasps as my team and I worked feverishly to extricate Craig from the broken machine.

It was difficult to work as the smoke made the room very opaque. But under my direction we managed to free Craig in less than a minute. It took seven of us to carry his body out into the hall and away from the smoke. He appeared semiconscious.

We laid him down on the floor outside one of the training rooms and I put a small pillow under his head. He was breathing heavily and still coughing. One of the girls offered me cup of water, which I put to his lips. He took a sip but could not seem to swallow it. The coughing continued.

"Auntie," I said, as I looked at my aunt with tear-filled eyes.

Immediately my aunt kneeled beside me, her eyes welling up too. "Oh, child," she said stroking my hair. "He'll be okay. He'll be okay."

"I don't understand," Lenore said to Justine. "How could this have happened?"

"I don't know," Justine replied. "The machines have been in use for quite some time. I've never heard of any problems with them. Certainly nothing like this."

"That's because there was nothing wrong with the machine," I said. "The fault was with the person who programmed it."

"Are you saying somebody sabotaged the machine?" Joanna said.

"Yes," I replied. "That's exactly what I'm saying."

Lenore swore under her breath. "But who would do such and thing? And why?"

"Someone who wanted to hurt us, obviously," Felicia said.

"Yes," I said. "Someone who knew how to program the machine. Someone in our group who's not with us right now."

Craig opened his eyes slowly and smiled at me. He indicated he wanted some water so I put the cup to his mouth and he took a little sip. He put his right hand on my arm and let it rest there.

"Thank you," he said between coughs.

Lenore ordered all training sessions ended for the day and had our training room shut down. A few hours later Craig was feeling much better and my aunt had Jake drive him home. Before he left, he had explained to us exactly what happened, and it served to corroborate my own intuitions about the woman who had once been part of my team.

It had been an eventful day, and as I said goodbye to my teammates I knew they were feeling the same sense of anger and disillusionment as I was at having been betrayed. It wasn't enough that Lenore had excommunicated the saboteur from the Sisterhood when it was found she had left the country the following day. I would find a way to make her pay for her crime that almost destroyed the life of the boy I loved. Somehow I would find a way to make that big, black woman pay.

************



Phoebe was dreaming. She knew she was dreaming because she was happy. It was the second night of her honeymoon and she and Pierre were staying at his villa in Tuscany, which sat on a high promontory overlooking the Mediterranean. They sat on the veranda drinking wine of the local variety and the sun was just beginning to set. She luxuriated in the cooling breeze that swept off the crystal clear aquamarine sea and sighed longingly.

Pierre looked so handsome in the waning light of the nascent sun. His eyes were strikingly blue, like the waters of the ocean itself. And behind those penetrating eyes was a keen mind, full of love and devotion to none other but her. She knew this not because he had so often reminded her of it, but because of the way he treated her: as if she were a priceless gem without equal. They had already made love twice before during the day, and she was ready for another round.

"I don't want you to think I was spying on you, my love," she began in dulcet tones, "but I came across some of your pornography the other day."

"What pornography?" he inquired, feigning innocence.

"Those magazines you keep in your second drawer. You know, the ones from America. I found them when you asked me to pack your underwear."

"Oh, those!" he laughed. "I've had them for years. I hope you weren't offended by them."

"I'm not offended. I know that men like to jerk off to the pictures. It's normal."

He sat back in his chair and admired her for a few moments before speaking. "You know, I'm glad you feel that way, Phoebe. Many women see such things as a threat. But the truth is, most men need these outlets for their overactive libidos."

"You mean most men need to release those billions of sperm that you guys produce every day."

"Oui," he replied sheepishly.

She threw her head back and laughed. "I totally understand. Why don't we go inside and I'll help you get rid of the rest of that sticky spunk you've got left in your balls."

Pierre's eyes lit up. "Again? Really? Oh, I love when you talk to me with that filthy American mouth of yours my cheri. Sacre bleu!" 

He threw himself upon her just then and kissed her savagely.

"Not here," she insisted. "Let's go indoors."

Leading him by the hand, she dragged him into the bedroom and methodically removed his shirt, slippers, pants and underwear. In no time at all he was standing in front of her completely naked, while she remained fully clothed. When he made a motion to remove her dress, she moved his hands away.

"No," she said firmly. "I want to keep my clothes on this time. You know. Like the women in those films you like to watch do."

Pierre smiled. "You mean like in the CFNM movies?"

She nodded and gently pushed him down onto the bed.

During the course of their lovemaking, Phoebe stopped to remove something from her night table. It was a thin, plastic dildo.

"What are you doing," he asked her.

"I want to try something."

"Like what?" he inquired further, eying the plastic cylinder with suspicion.

She sucked the top of the dildo as if she were administering a blowjob to it. "I want to stick this thing up your ass while I jerk off your big, swollen prick."

His eyes widened. "You want to stick that thing in me?"

"Oh, come on, my love. I've seen the pictures you masturbate to. Most of them show a guy getting fucked with a strap-on dildo. I know you like it so let's try it."

Unlike Pierre, Phoebe was always willing to try new and different things. She was spontaneous where he was calculating. She was adventurous where he was reserved. And in the sexual arena, she was dominant where he was submissive. In contrast to his aggressive tendencies in the business world, it was always she who took the lead in the bedroom.

"I must admit that I have often thought about being penetrated but I was afraid to tell you," he confessed.

"Why?"

"Because I thought you might think less of me."

She shook her head. "Oh, Pierre, that's ridiculous. People who love each other should not be afraid to experiment in sexual matters. If you don't like it, we don't have to do it again. Now put your legs up on my shoulders so I can play with your asshole."

Without a word he did as she asked. Placing a small amount of lubricant on the end of the dildo she gently inserted the tip into his rectum, guiding it slowly in and out in a steady but slow rhythmical fashion. Pierre groaned.

"How does it feel?" she asked him.

"Very…nice…" he replied with eyes closed.

After only a few minutes of working the dildo in and out of his asshole, Phoebe noticed that his cock was now fully erect.

"Look at you!" she laughed. "I guess you do like it after all."

Pierre barely replied. He just looked down at his turgid prick and closed his eyes again while his wife continued to fuck him with the dildo.

"I really want to watch you cum," she said as she wrapped her long fingers around his pulsing shaft.

It took her exactly three minutes of concentrated pulling on his organ to coax out his hot sperm. She seemed to have both hands working in synchronous motion: when her right hand inserted the dildo, her left hand pulled up hard on his cock, forcing him to force his lower body upwards off the mattress. Her machine-like cadence seemed to propel him into new heights of ecstasy. She found this delightful.

"Shoot it really hard, Pierre," she demanded. "I want to see it get into my hair."

As she spoke those words he looked up into her beautiful face, so reminiscent of a famous movie actress of the 1950s who became the real life princess of a ruler of a foreign country. Like her, Phoebe possessed the same perfectly symmetrical facial features, the high cheekbones, the delicate mouth and small aquiline nose, the steely gray-blue eyes, and the long, resplendent blonde hair pulled up high off her face, revealing her exquisitely shaped ears upon which hung the diamond and emerald earrings he had bought her for her last birthday.

Now, as he watched her pull on him, his balls preparing to launch his third load of semen for the day, all he could think of was granting her request to send his hot cum flying up into the air and splashing into her face and hair. If some landed in her lovely mouth—so much the better. He wanted to soak her in his sperm, to completely drench her in the hot aftermath of his raging lust.

Suddenly, his body tensed. Seeing his balls rise up towards the base of his shaft, Phoebe knew he was about to ejaculate. Both hands now worked his anus and prick with great speed, as they sought to provoke an intense orgasm.

Pierre screamed and thrust his body upward as far as it would go. The first jet of cream sailed straight up into the air in front of Phoebe's face and flew over her head and into the wall behind her. The next volley splashed across her left cheek and settled into her hair, leaving a trail of sperm from her forehead to her ear. As she laughed at this, the third and fourth ropes of cum flew into her now open mouth, and she laughed even harder as she stuck out her tongue to play with the fresh sperm, a portion of which now formed a thick glaze on her lips. Pierre opened his eyes just long enough to see the next three giant ejaculations meet head on with his lovely wife's upper body, coating her chest, neck, and both arms with his sticky warm fluid. His final few spurts dribbled down onto her hand as she gently withdrew the dildo from his anus. Pierre sighed heavily.

"That was the greatest orgasm I have ever had in my life!" he finally managed to say.

"I'm glad, my love," she said. "Let me get this stuff off my face and then I would like you to eat my pussy until I cum in your mouth. Would you do that for me?"

"With pleasure," he assured her.

In gratitude, Pierre employed his tongue on her clit in such a way that he forced her to cum several times, each time more violent than the one before. Phoebe was happy—very happy. And then she awoke.

She found herself sitting in her study, with piles of paperwork surrounding her. She ordered the maid to bring her some tea and resumed her work. It was well past dinnertime and she had slept right through it. Although hungry, she continued to attend to the matters at hand, which she knew could not be put off.

She thought about Pierre and how far he had fallen in little over twenty years' time, and how different a man he had become. She, too, had changed, but she had not become corrupted, as he had, flaunting the law and abusing his family when times got tough. Over the years he had become impatient and surly, often threatening her and Angelique with physical abuse. In time, he would eventually take out his rage on his wife, and to a lesser degree, his daughter, causing them to live in ever-increasing fear of provoking his wrath.

Phoebe did what she could to maintain some sense of normalcy in the emotional maelstrom that enveloped her family, but even her love for him, powerful and steadfast as it was—had its limits. Eventually she was forced to file for divorce. The material possessions she received as part of the settlement were little recompense for the loss of his love. She had always believed that somehow he would find himself on the right path again, and try once more to make their marriage work. But this did not happen. Pierre had succumbed to whatever demons were forever plaguing him, and his star had grown dim and was now finally extinguished.

She was just finishing the last of her tea when Jacques LaSalle, proceeded by one of her maids, came walking into the study. The maid introduced him and walked away quietly as Phoebe motioned him to take a seat next to her. It was 6:30 PM and the setting sun cast long, amber streaks of light across the expansive room in which they sat silently contemplating each other.

Phoebe liked Jacques. The fact that he was invariably prompt for all their meetings made her like him even more. Unlike her recalcitrant daughter, Jacques adhered to the conventions of polite society and was both cordial and respectful. Normally, warm and forthcoming, the young foreman, who so meticulously and diligently cared for her bounteous vineyards, seemed a trifle ill at ease. His eyes darted to and fro, as if he expected someone to come running at him from some concealed corner of the room. She wondered if he could possibly have discovered the reason for being summoned. Not that the visit was unusual in itself, for Jacques regularly reported to her frequently during the harvesting season. But those visits always took place during the morning or early afternoon hours—never at night. She scrutinized him closely, as if trying to ascertain information simply from his bodily motions.

"Would you care for a drink?" she asked him politely.

"No, Madame. No thank you."

"Are you sure? You look a little distraught."

He smiled faintly. "It's been a very long day and I am quite tired."

Something in his voice did not quite ring true, but Phoebe decided to let it go. "I promise not to keep you long. Do you know why you are here, Jacques?"

"No, Madame. I hope it is not because I did something to displease you."

"Not in and of itself. But your answers to my questions may displease me if I find that you are lying."

The young man seemed offended at the implication that he could be anything but truthful to the woman who had been so generous in providing him with a good job and a quality education. He was going to protest when Phoebe cut him short.

"I am not accusing you of anything, I assure you," she said calmly. "I just want the truth."

"About what, Madame?"

His tone of voice remained constant, but his eyes refused to meet hers.

"About my daughter."

"What is it you wish to know?"

"You are her champion, are you not?"

"Yes."

"That means that you spend a lot of time with her."

"Yes, Madame."

Phoebe leaned in closer to him. "I'll get right to the point. My daughter has changed quite a bit over the last several months. She has become hostile and distant—to me and everyone else. I worry about her night and day, but there is apparently nothing I can do or say that will make her confide in me. Do you have any idea what could have caused such a drastic change in her behavior?"

"I only know what I see."

"And what is that?"

"I am afraid to tell you," he replied nervously.

She sensed an internal struggle going on within the boy and let her hand rest on his.

"You know that I am fond of you, don't you?" she asked him.

"Yes, Madame."

"Then let me assure you that nothing that is said between us will ever leave this room. Is that assurance enough for you?"

Jacques was slow to respond, but he finally answered in the affirmative.

"Tell me what you know," Phoebe asked again, this time more forcefully.

Jacques began by telling her how cold and manipulative her daughter had become since Holly's arrival. But this change of attitude was only an ancillary result, indicative of a more problematic mental condition brought on by Lenore's refusal to name Angelique her successor.

"You aren't telling me anything new," Phoebe said, quickly rising from her chair. She walked over to the sideboard and poured herself a drink from one of the decanters. After taking a sip, she turned to face him. "Although it hurt me greatly when Lenore told me her reasons for not choosing Angelique to succeed her, I had to abide by her decision. I can see now that she was right, as much as I hate to admit it."

"And that is why Angelique is angry with you," Jacques said. "Because you have put your niece above her."

"My daughter understood why Lenore made that decision. She didn't like it of course, but she seemed to accept it nonetheless."

"She never accepted it, Madame. She may have played along for a time in the hopes of diverting you from her real motives, but she no more accepts Lenore's judgment than she would mine."

"And what are her real motives?"

The young man lowered his head and sighed aloud. "Forgive me, Madame, but I am amazed that you do not see it."

"See what?"

Jacques drew in a deep breath. "You are blinded by a mother's love perhaps. Or maybe it is something you do not want to acknowledge within yourself. But I can tell you from what I have observed with my own eyes, and from what I have heard from her own mouth and those closest to her, that your daughter means to overthrow the Sisterhood as it now exists and to supplant it with one of her own making."

Phoebe said nothing for a few moments, unwilling to believe so outrageous a claim. And then she burst out laughing.

"The whole idea of it is preposterous! There is no way she could accomplish such a thing. She is playing you for a fool."

"I only speak the truth."

"And what else have you heard?"
At first Jacques was going to reply, but then suddenly threw his hands up in the air and let them fall soundly upon his knees. "I don't know…"

"I promise I won't laugh."

"I am not certain…"

"Tell me what you know."

"I could be wrong, Madame…"

Phoebe was growing impatient with his fumbling. "Just tell me, damn it!"

Jacques cast his eyes downward and forcefully cleared his throat. "I have heard it said, though I cannot attest to it, that mademoiselle has constructed an inner chamber somewhere within the lower levels of the chateau."

"That's impossible," Phoebe said, dismissively. "Those levels have been closed off for hundreds of years. Those girls are toying with you."

"As I said, I cannot attest to it," Jacques continued. "But it is said that she conducts strange experiments on men within its chambers."

Phoebe laughed heartily, despite her promise. "You make her sound like a modern-day Dr. Frankenstein! I had no idea you were so naïve. Who told you such nonsense?"

"No one told me directly, Madame. I overheard her colleagues speaking about it."

"Those girls are messing with your mind. How could you be so gullible?"

Phoebe saw that the inquiry was leading nowhere. Jacques might indeed have some insight into Angelique's present state of mind, but this foolishness he was espousing was only making her annoyed. "Is that all you know?"

"Yes, Madame."

"Well, Jacques, you have managed to be of absolutely no help to me." She shook her head disapprovingly and sneered. "Strange experiments indeed!"

And with a sharp wave of her hand she dismissed him.

As if on cue, a maid, who seemingly appeared as if from nowhere, conducted him quickly out of the room.

Jacques had performed very well. When he had learned earlier in the day that Phoebe wanted to see him, he immediately told Angelique. The young girl, suspecting that her mother might question him about her, prepped him thoroughly on what and what not to say. Angelique, it seems, knew her mother better than her mother knew herself. For in that perverse yet highly intelligent and intuitive mind there lurked a master manipulator. Having recently won Jacques over to her side, and knowing that her mother would never believe such an absurd story, had given here a tremendous advantage. And she had calculated her mother's reaction perfectly. What better way than to tell the truth in order to get her mother off her back? Unfortunately for Phoebe, her greatest weakness was that she saw life only in terms of black and white, being oblivious to all the subtle shades of gray that lay in between. Her daughter knew this, and therein laid her strength.

As for Jacques, he was too intelligent to believe that Angelique was doing anything other than manipulating him. But strangely enough, he did not care. As he made his way to his cottage that lay just beyond the stables, he wondered what had happened to him that he should find so much pleasure in being controlled by a girl—and not just any girl, but an Anjou: a willful, cunning, and yet beautiful creature whose maltreatment of him and other men provided him with a sexual thrill that he had never experienced before. And for this he forsook his integrity and lied to Phoebe. Or rather, he told the truth, but told it in such a way as to appear to be playing the fool. He knew that Angelique would be greatly pleased with his well-acted charade. And when he stood tall and proud before the marker in tomorrow's games, he would further reward her with such an ejaculation of sperm that she would never let him out of her service. To please his mistress had become his raison d'être.

Phoebe knew she was grasping at straws when she conceived of the idea to interrogate Jacques, but she felt it was worth a try—anything to shed some light on the enigma that was her daughter. The interview with him had proved to be a disappointment. If he did know anything worth revealing about Angelique, he was not going to tell her. Maybe he was afraid of his being found out, despite Phoebe's assurances. He would not want to be on the receiving end of Angelique's anger if that were the case. Or maybe he had shifted allegiances. It was possible. But even so, why tell such idiotic tales about extinct dungeons and crazy experiments taking place right under the chateau? She had never known Jacques to be furtive until now and it bothered her.

She had been working less than an hour when the maid announced that Angelique had arrived. With a great deal of commotion, the young girl put down the bag she was carrying and threw herself onto the couch next to her mother. She flung her arms around her mother's neck and kissed both her cheeks. Her face seemed flushed, as if she had just run a marathon.

"Well, you look very happy I must say!" Phoebe remarked, returning her daughter's affection.

"I am mom. I am very happy." Her face seemed to glow with some strange inner light.

"And may I ask why you are so happy?"

"Oh, I really can't tell you that just now. You'll have to wait until tomorrow."

"Tomorrow?"

"Yes, after the contest."

"Oh, I see. This has something to do with the contest."

Angelique laughed gaily. "Don't try to weasel it out of me mom. I know your ways!"

Phoebe smiled. "All right. I promise I won't try to weasel it out of you. But you know it's not polite to keep your mother in the dark."

"Mom!"

"Okay, okay. Have you had dinner yet?"

"No, have you?"

"Nope. Would you care to join me?"

"Actually, yes. I'm quite starved."

Angelique's unexplained exuberance was a welcome change from the girl's recent display of surliness and indifference. To Phoebe, she seemed like her old self again, and this made her very happy. They sat in the kitchen and ate dinner together, as was their usual custom before Holly had so innocently, yet dramatically, interrupted their lives. They talked freely about this and that, and laughed as they used to do before the obligations of the Sisterhood had changed their lives forever. What had occurred to produce this change in Angelique's attitude Phoebe could not account for, but she was glad to see her daughter once more behave like a demure and respectable lady.

After they had finished eating, they adjourned to the courtyard to sit under the stars, which were now only just beginning to become visible through a partly cloudy sky.

"So," Phoebe began, "what have you done with all that negative stuff?"

"What negative stuff, mom?" Angelique replied, somewhat puzzled.

"You know. All that anger, the coldness…what became of it?"

It appeared as if Angelique was going to answer her with another question, but it came out as a statement. "Oh, you mean…" She laughed merrily. "No. I'm not mad at Holly or anyone else anymore. It's over. Done."

"Just like that?"

"Yes, mom. Just like that."

Phoebe detected no coyness in her daughter's reaction, but yet there was something in the tone of her voice that belied the seemingly truthful response.

"You know, Angelique, I have been very worried about you. For the past month you have avoided me. You treated me as if I didn't exist. And I'm not even going to bring Holly into this. God knows that you both have issues that must be dealt with. But I'm your mother. And while you are living with me under my roof, I expect you to treat me with respect. I don't care what you do in your private life. You are a woman now and you have to accept responsibility for your actions. But if there is something you need to tell me, then please, get it off our chest. I love you and I want to help you. Do you understand?"

Several seconds elapsed in which Angelique had to fight to formulate a response. The truth was that she both loved and hated her mother, as she both loved and hated herself. She thought that maybe she should show her dark face just out of spite for the drivel her mother was speaking. That would be fun. But this would not serve her purpose of keeping her mother at bay. So, she smiled instead and employed the full force of her hypnotic gaze to assuage any trepidation her mother might be feeling regarding her welfare. It had the desired effect. Phoebe enveloped her in her arms and kissed her face repeatedly.

"My darling girl! My cheri! I have missed our times together so much. Let us not talk of the Sisterhood, or of Lenore, or of Holly or anyone else. Let us just be ourselves. As we used to be. You remember how that was, don't you?"

"Yes, mom, I remember," Angelique replied, as she allowed herself to submit to her mother's tender embraces. "I promise I won't be a bad girl anymore."

"You were never a bad girl, my child. You may be an Anjou but you are more like me than your father. You are a beautiful and wonderful person Angelique, and God has given you great gifts. Use them to enjoy your life and be happy. That is all I want for you."

It was an impassioned plea, but its effect was totally wasted on the young girl, whose mind had now become so impervious to honest human affection that all she could do was remain impassive in her mother's arms as the older woman continued to shower her with praise. After what seemed a long and uncomfortable silence, Phoebe drew her arms away and Angelique saw that there were tears in her mother's eyes.

"Why are you crying mother?"

"It's nothing. I'm just being silly."

"No, please. Tell me."

Phoebe took one of the napkins that lay on the table and wiped her eyes with it. "I dreamt of your father today. We had just gotten married and we were on our honeymoon in glorious Italy—Tuscany to be exact. He had a villa there you know."

"I remember. He sold it when you found out about his affair."

"Yes, well that was long before he began taking mistresses. We were so happy then. We used to walk along the deserted seashore totally naked."

"Really?" Angelique laughed, despite herself.

"There was no one around to see. Your father owned the entire seafront. We used to go swimming in the nude all the time."

"You never told me that."

"Well, you're old enough to know now. That was when your father was more willing to try new things. He was so much fun in those days."

"I don't remember him that way mom."

"No, he began to change soon after you were born. I don't know what happened to him. It was like a disease. Some insidious thing that lay hidden deep inside him and eventually ate him up alive. And I couldn't do a damn thing about it."

Angelique looked up at the sky and shook her head from side to side, letting her long hair fall lazily over her shoulders. "All I know is that he didn't treat you right. And he didn't treat me right either."

She spoke these words with a hint of menace, but Phoebe chose to ignore it.

"Your father's mind was corrupted Angelique. Some of it was his fault, but some of it was…"

"Was what mother?"

Phoebe took a deep breath and sighed heavily. "Some of it was my fault."

"Like the time he beat me so hard that I lost consciousness and you didn't even report him to the police?"

"Please Angelique. Don't bring that up. It would have done no good to have your father arrested."

Suddenly, Angelique's calm demeanor acquired a more sinister aspect. "It would have done me plenty of good mom! Maybe you enjoyed living in fear every day, but I didn't. Why did you protect him?"

"It wasn't him. I had to protect our family."

"How? By letting him abuse us? Must I remind you of what happened that night you spent with your sister in Paris?"

"No, no, please. I don't want to hear it!" Phoebe exclaimed.

"Of course you don't. You still don't believe it ever happened."

"What does it matter now anyway? Your father is a broken man. He has paid for his sins."

"He hasn't paid hardly enough as far as I'm concerned," Angelique said angrily. "I was only six years old mom. Six years old!"

"You could have been mistaken Angelique. You always had a wild imagination, even as a child."

Angelique looked at her mother with scorn. "I didn't need to imagine what I felt pushing in between my legs!"

"Please, don't!"

"You know how big he is," Angelique said with derision. "It hurt me mom. That thing really hurt me."

Phoebe rose from her chair and stood over her daughter, her face flushed with anger and tears.

"I don't want you to speak another word of it! I have spent the better part of my life trying to erase from my mind that abhorrent thing he did to you. And now you fling this abomination in my face—for what? Retribution for not being there to save you? How could I have possibly known what that son of a bitch was planning? How could I have known?"

Angelique was quiet for a moment in the aftermath of her mother's outburst. But she could not stay silent.

"You should have known," she began coldly, impassively. "You knew what he was like. You saw the way he used to look at me. If you were really interested in protecting our family, you should have stayed home with me that night. You should have protected me. You should have never left me alone with him—ever. But you did. And I can never forgive you for that."

Phoebe turned to meet her daughter's gaze. There were no tears in the translucent blue eyes. No semblance of anger, hatred, or regret. All that she saw was a cold, lingering menace, subdued but present nonetheless. Every tiny scrap of normal human emotion had become nonexistent, wiped away from the beautiful patina of her face until no feeling remained. The chiseled features of a statue would have held more emotion than the face Phoebe now beheld.

It now seemed to her that the gentle night breeze, which had given her so much pleasure, had suddenly become intolerably cold, and that all she wanted to do was to return to those sunny days in Tuscany, to the early days of her marriage where she could now rectify, by virtue of blessed foresight, all the mistakes her misplaced trust and naiveté had incurred. All she had ever wanted was for her and her family to be happy. The precocious little blonde girl from Rodeo Drive who married a French nobleman had been the envy of her entire family. She, who had traveled the entire planet, had sat at the right hand of kings, and who had become rich and famous and loved by all who knew her could not buy with a king's ransom the forgiveness of her own child.

And as if to add one further morsel of agony to her mother's already guilt-ridden mind, the spiteful creature who was her daughter got up from her chair and embraced the stricken woman in a mock attempt to offer consolation, her voice laden with sarcasm.

"Don't worry mother. I've learned to live with my disgrace. Even if you haven't. I think we can still be friends though. But you really can't tell me what to do. Not ever. Otherwise I'll just have to disappear. As in forever."

Angelique gently kissed her mother's cheek as a tormented Phoebe watched her slowly walk away toward the west wing of the chateau.

"You will forgive me someday, Angelique," she called after her. "You are more like me than you know."

Angelique stopped dead in her tracks and turned to face Phoebe. With all the coldness and lack of sensitivity she could muster, she replied: "The truth is mother, I'm really not like you at all."

With that, the hateful young woman turned away, leaving Phoebe all alone and shivering in the cool night air. The answer she had sought to explain her daughter's aberrant behavior had finally been revealed, and it horrified her. She had suppressed the memory of the violation of her child by her husband for so long that she had ultimately convinced herself that it was all just a child's fabrication. But it was true. It had happened and she had not been there to protect Angelique. But even worse, she never reported the incident to the police. She had protected the rapist for fear of bringing shame upon the entire family, never accepting the fact that the young child had rights of her own, which she was obligated to uphold.

Phoebe had too much self-respect to continue punishing herself for a decision she had made long ago and under duress. A decision that had been made with only the best interests of her family in mind. Angelique was still young and immature. In time she would come to realize that people sometimes make great sacrifices in the name of love—as Phoebe had done by protecting the integrity of the Anjou name. And hopefully, with that realization, would one day come forgiveness.

************

Barney Cole was sitting in his hotel room playing with his cock. It was a mindless thing he did from time to time as he watched television or read a magazine. He never did it in public of course, just when he was alone and was desirous of releasing some of his abundant sperm. But this was impossible, as he knew he had to perform in the "Long Shots" contest tomorrow afternoon.

It bothered him that he had become a willing puppet in Angelique's quest for attaining the championship. But her physical presence enervated him in such a way that he could not resist pleasing her. What magical or demonical power she possessed over men was impossible to define, but she wielded it with the confidence and surety of a master craftsman.

A month earlier, when she had first approached him about taking part in her secret plan to win the contest, she had asked him to perform for her and a dozen of her confederates. He was to allow her to masturbate him in a process called "tease and denial" until the pressure in his balls increased to the point where he would climax without benefit of having a hand stroking his penis. She called it a "touchless cumshot".

He remembered how quickly he had achieved an erection and how every woman demanded to touch it and stroke it. The subterranean floor of the ancient castle cellar was cool to his bare feet, but he didn't mind. For three hours he was fondled and teased, brought to the brink of orgasm several times until Angelique determined he was ready to ejaculate. And ejaculate he did.

Begging her for release, Angelique finally took pity on him and pulled on his cock fiercely as the other eleven girls watched with fascination. Screaming that he was about to cum, Angelique quickly removed her hand from the huge throbbing prick and stood back and watched in amusement as Barney began firing off huge wads of hot, creamy spunk into the air. His prick convulsed in an uncontrollable back and forth motion, every upward thrust of his cock producing a long, thick rope of gooey semen that flew in every direction imaginable. All the girls laughed hysterically at the sight of his huge, unmanned dick shooting volleys of sperm high into the air. Some tried to catch the spurts in their open palms, while others just giggled and watched intently as the cream burst forth from his swollen balls in a never-ending cascade of white.

This had been only one of many masturbation sessions that Angelique and her team had put him through. All of these sessions were just a prelude to prepare him for the "Long Shots" contest. He was bred to win. And Angelique would not suffer defeat gladly. Even now, as Barney stroked his cock to full erection, he thought of the beautifully blonde girl and how powerful she really was. He adored her and he worshiped her. He would do anything for her; maybe even kill for her. His immortal soul was now in the palm of her hands and he was happy beyond belief that he was the one she had favored.

He could not count how many times her splendid hands had brought him to a mind-blowing orgasm. Once, when he was naked and alone with her and a few of her team, she actually talked him into an ejaculation. There had been no physical contact at all, just the sound of her sexy and demanding voice used as a proxy to force an ejaculation. She and her friends marveled at this and tried it several more times, once when she had gathered over fifty girls within the confines of the ancient dungeon to witness how it was done.

From the beginning of his training, Angelique had been feeding Barney with a special herbal concoction that was designed to greatly increase sperm production. It was not any kind of viable drug, but an aphrodisiac that was derived from completely natural sources. Any form of drug taking during the competition was strictly forbidden. But this substance, although very potent, was deemed acceptable by the Sisterhood. Many of the champions were probably taking it, or something like it, but each man reacted differently to it. Some men did not achieve any appreciable results at all, while others, like Barney, seemed to thrive on it, achieving a tremendous increase in sperm count. It was nothing like the extremely powerful EJAX-472, which was forbidden, but it was a useful aid nonetheless.

As with all the other champions, Barney had not ejaculated for seven days. His balls were full and he really wanted to masturbate himself to orgasm. But he knew if he did, that his days with Angelique would be over. He really didn't care so much about winning the contest—that was her concern. What he wanted was to forever remain with her, to be used by her, to be her total slave. No other life was possible for him now.

He thought of his friend Craig and how much he truly cared for the young boy. He missed him terribly and was saddened by the thought that he had become part of his mistress's secret plan, forcing him to lie to his friend. Like Craig, Barney was a man of conscience, so he felt remorse for his actions. However, unlike Craig, Barney was not a morally strong man. He could be manipulated very easily, whereas Craig could not. Craig would do anything within reason to please his female superiors, but he would not sell his soul in the process. And unlike Barney, he was not a true submissive.

It was getting late and Barney realized that it was useless to dwell on such matters. Tomorrow his friend would learn that he had betrayed him, and there would be no turning back. That was bad enough. But to think that he might actually lose the contest and subsequently lose Angelique's favor was a far worse fate. It disgusted him to think that the favor of one tyrannical girl should outweigh years of friendship with a man whom he knew to be a better man than he. But his hand continued to work at his prick, teasing it, tensing it, imagining it one day shooting its hot, sticky contents all over Angelique's beautiful face, and that was all that mattered.

************

"You know I'm really not supposed to be here," I said, as I nestled into Craig's arms. "It's not exactly prohibited, but I'm sure Lenore would frown upon it."

His apartment was spacious, if not sparse. We were watching some old sci-fi movie on television. It was all in French.

"I'm glad you came. I can't thank you enough for what you did for me today."

"It's a good thing those women were on break or you might have died in there."

"I came pretty close. I figured it was either the machine or the smoke that would eventually get me." He hugged me closer. "I don't understand what made her do it."

"Somebody is desperately afraid that we're going to win, and that person wanted you out of the way."

"Do you have any idea who might have been behind it?"

"Well, I can't prove it, but I would bet my life that it was Angelique."

Craig looked at me askance. "You're cousin? Why would she do such a thing?"

"Think about it. You've seen the competition. You and Jacques are the only real contenders in this game. Angelique is desperate to win at any cost. What better way to increase her chances of winning than by getting you out of the way?"

"Okay, but where does Zula fit in all this? What could have made her turn traitor and abandon the Sisterhood?"

"Money. Lots of money."

"You think your cousin paid her off?"

"I'm sure of it. She has the resources. And Zula has been waiting for years to strike out on her own. She was never really happy being a Sister."

A commercial came on just then and Craig hit the mute button. I could see that he was still feeling a bit queasy from his earlier ordeal. I made a motion to leave.

"No, don't go," he said, reaching out his hand to pull me back. "Can't you stay a little longer?"

"I want to Craig, I really do. But I don't think it's a good idea. We both have to get up early and you really need to get some sleep."

Reluctantly, he let go of my arm. "I guess you're right. I 'm still feeling a bit off."

"Then get to bed. That's an order."

"Yes, my queen," he said, rising to take a bow.

We both laughed.

"I'll see you at the South Gate by noon. And make sure you're on time."

"Don't worry," he replied, kissing me on my lips. "I'll be there. Are you sure you're okay driving home?"

"Of course, silly. I know my way around Paris better than you do."

We kissed several more times before he let me go.

"I love you, Holly," he said as I turned to go.

"I love you too," I replied. "Now go to sleep!"

As I drove home I felt a wonderful feeling of exhilaration come over me. It was great being in love, and I was so happy to have found such a fantastic guy like Craig. Even the thought of Angelique's mischief and Zula's betrayal could not dampen my spirits. Tomorrow couldn't come fast enough.

************



We are all prisoners of our troubled minds. No one escapes the wheel of life. Either you learn to navigate within its constantly revolving spokes, or you get run over and die. A wise man once said, "If you don't act on life, life will act on you." I have always remembered those words and have tried to live by them.

I got home just after midnight and entered a silent house. I had changed, put on my pajamas and sat in bed reading for a little while hoping it would make me tired. But sleep did not come.

In a little more than twelve hours the "Long Shots" contest would begin and the winner would walk away with the coveted "Antoinette" award, a large sum of money, and most importantly, a tremendous boost in prestige. To an outsider, the importance attached to the latter might seem odd. But in the Sisterhood, it was all about perceived power, not necessarily the actual physical manifestation of it. Even the poorest Sister could possess vast power, if she knew the right people and played the right game. It was all about appearances. And no one knew this better than Lenore.

She had come from a modest, middle-class background and had risen through the ranks of the Sisterhood by virtue of sheer determination and hard work. She knew how to charm people; how to make them feel important. She was generous in her praise for those who served her well and never spoke ill of anyone. Lenore was the quintessential outsider and the ultimate diplomat. Having entered the Sisterhood on the recommendation of a friend who was herself only a neophyte in the order, she knew no one in the upper echelons of power. But over time her superior capabilities could not be ignored, and she found herself assuming more and more responsibility as the years wore on. Her coming had been like a breath of fresh air, as one Sister had whimsically put it. She had been at the right place at the right time.

Lenore had told me a lot about herself during my time at the chateau. These tidbits of information came to me in drips and drabs, whenever the Sisterhood leader felt the urge to talk. Under her watch the Sisterhood had grown in size and strength, and was now a prodigious body of powerful women who would soon become the next great leaders of the world. It would be a better world—one in which all wars would be eradicated and people would live in peace. The trouble was, there had recently arisen a radical element within the order. And this element was not content with the ramblings of a woman whom many considered to be out of touch with reality. Many felt she was naïve to think that wars would suddenly cease because women were in power. And I had to admit that I, too, felt the same way. That is not to say that I supported the radicals, but I did agree with some of their points.

In Lenore's view, the male was the culprit—the bringer of war and the harbinger of all things anti-life. Men could create, yes, but they could not procreate. Not in the sense that a woman could. Men could never really know what it was like to give birth to a living being, and as such, did not feel the same empathy and respect for human life. Men could conceive of wonderful inventions in science, medicine, and art, but they were forever beyond the possibility of creating life. Man might possess the sperm that could impregnate, but that was where it ended. It was the woman who must nurture the life within and bring it to fruition.

Like my aunt Phoebe, Lenore saw the world as either black or white. Both were supreme pragmatists and did not suffer fools gladly. But Lenore, as kind and understanding as she was, was also sublimely arrogant. Not arrogant in such a way as to cause affront to others, but in a way that made one feel that she was somehow beyond reproach. I don't think she was really conscious about the way in which she made others feel overawed, but I was sensitive enough to know when she was behaving in that mode, and simply humored her. Others, those of the radical element, refused to compromise their own behavior simply because she was their superior, and snubbed her, often openly. That they already had problems accepting her personal worldview did not make matters any better.

And at the forefront of this push to overthrown the old order was my cousin Angelique. She had not been the original instigator, but her natural leadership tendencies saw her evolve over time into an ascendant role. She now stood at the pinnacle of the movement, and she was getting more powerful all the time.

Those who knew her intimately, myself included, had recently come to the observation that her bizarre mood swings and predilection for unruliness had stemmed from some as yet undiagnosed psychological disorder. I had seen glimpses of her odd behavior since arriving at the chateau, but over the course of the summer it had become decidedly worse. At first I though it was simply due to the mundane behavioral inconsistencies inherent in most personalities. But as the days and weeks wore on it became evident that this was not so. For the longest time, my aunt Phoebe denied that there was anything wrong with her daughter. But even she could not dismiss the fact that Angelique had clearly developed two distinct personalities: one ruthless and cunning, and the other, cold and distant. Any semblance of warmth she possessed was simply a tool in her mental arsenal of tricks to deceive and manipulate others. I could not imagine Dr. Monroe getting her to take a psychological examination, regardless of what my aunt wished for her daughter.

I was just beginning to fall asleep when I heard a knock on my bedroom door.

"Holly, are you awake?"

It was Angelique.

"What do you want?" I replied in a surly tone. "It's 1:30 am."

"I saw your light on and thought you might be up. Can I talk to you?"

The last thing I needed was to cap off my evening with a visit from my psychotic cousin, but I was curious as to why she wanted to speak to me.

"Come in. The door's open."

She was dressed in a white silk nightgown and was barefoot. She closed the door behind her and I motioned for her to sit on the edge of the bed. She looked very preoccupied. Her beautiful long tresses framed her lovely face so that she looked more like an angel that the true demon she really was.

"I'm sorry to bother you at such a late an hour," she began with what seemed like genuine regret, "but I need to talk to you."

"About what?"

She pushed herself up on the bed and placed her legs so that they fell off the sides. "I think I'm in trouble."

Outwardly she looked fine to me. "What do you mean, trouble?"

"I mean I think there's something wrong with my head."

I laughed. "Really? I don't think that will come as a surprise to anyone."

She looked dismayed. "Please don't make a joke out of it. I know what you think about me but I really am sick. I've been getting these really severe headaches and my peripheral vision is blurred. It doesn't happen all the time, but it's becoming more frequent."

"Are you kidding me? Because if this is one of your ridiculous schemes you can leave right now."

"It's not a scheme!" she said, angrily. "I…I feel like I'm not myself half the time." She seemed genuinely worried and then she started to sob. "I don't know what's happening to me, Holly. When did we become enemies? I used to confide in you about everything. What happened?"

"I think you know the answer to that question. Don't play me for a fool."

I thought her true persona might reveal itself through my rather cold reaction to her ostensible mental condition, but she reacted as she might have done when we had truly been friends.

"You seem to think this is all some fabrication," she said dishearteningly. "But I'm telling you the truth."

"Have you told your mother about this?"

"No. She has enough problems as it is."

"If you are truly sick, then I suggest you tell her as soon as possible. And then see Dr. Monroe."

She looked at me disparagingly. "Dr. Monroe? That stupid bitch doesn't know the working end of a stethoscope!"

"Well you better see someone. Those symptoms you're describing could be due to many things. It's best not to wait."

"Thank you Dr. McKenzie," she said sarcastically. "You are so wise."

"I think you should leave, Angelique. I'm very tired."

My cousin gave me one those sickly smiles that I had seen all too often recently and jumped off the bed.

"Yes, we do have a busy day in front of us tomorrow, don't we?"

She slowly meandered toward the door, but I could tell her mind was racing, plotting, formulating something distasteful to say.

"I would wish you luck but I guess that would be foolish," she said coldly.

"Under the circumstances, yes, it would be."

"You know that I have to crush you, don't you?"

"I know you're going to try."

"I don't really want to hurt you, Holly. The truth is, I really love you. But you are in my way. I gave you a chance to leave, but you insisted on staying. And I can't have that. You understand, I'm sure."

"Oh, yes." I replied. "I understand very well. I understand that you probably do have a serious psychological condition, and for that I'm sorry. But even so, I'm not going to fall for your tricks."

Her evil grin caused a cold shiver to go up and down my spine. The more familiar Angelique, the one who was my adversary, was back. I could actually see the transformation progress by stages in front of me, and it was a frightening thing to behold.

"It's not that I think you're stupid or anything like that. But you're really not a leader. The Sisterhood needs someone like me. Not Lenore. And especially not you."

"That is your opinion. But the choice of who will lead the Sisterhood is not your decision to make, and you know that."

She laughed derisively. "Not my decision? It will be. And there is nothing you, Lenore, my mother, or anyone else can do about it."

I had heard enough. "Will you please leave? I really don't want to hear any more of your nonsense."

"Good night cousin," she said in a mockingly sweet voice. "Oh, by the way. I heard your friend Craig had an accident. How is he?"

"He's fine. Not that it's any of your concern."

"Oh, but it is," she replied somewhat arrogantly. "You see…I have to crush him too. Sweet dreams."

Never in my life had I seen such a dramatic change in personality occur right before my eyes. I must admit that it was truly unnerving to see her facial expressions run the gamut of decidedly unpleasant emotions. I just glared at her as she left the room.

There was no doubt in my mind that she had been behind the attack on Craig. Although I could not tell if her ailment was real or imaginary, she still remained my adversary—my enemy—and I would have to crush her before she crushed me. There would be no other way for this game to end.

************

At noon the following day, all the contending teams had assembled in the main hall. The audience was allowed in a half hour later. I surmised that there were roughly over 1,000 people in attendance, representing a host of countries. The logistics were handled flawlessly, thanks to the diligence of Lenore, Phoebe, and their colleagues. Lenore told me that it was the largest turnout they had ever had for such an event.

The order by which the teams would be presented was determined by lot. The Greek team would go first, followed by Brazil, China, Italy, Andaman Islands, France, and the USA. I was glad that my team was going to go on last in that it would give Craig that much more time in which to prepare himself. After yesterday's ordeal nearly put him out of the running, I tried to be as deferent to him as possible, making sure that all his needs were met and providing him with every comfort I could manage.

At exactly 1:30 PM the judges took their seats and the official ceremonies began. I felt as if I were attending a sort of mini Olympics, except that there was not one camera or video device to be found. The mechanical recording of all such events was necessarily forbidden for obvious reasons. If someone were caught filming or taking pictures, he or she would be removed and their equipment confiscated. A Sister who was found breaking this injunction faced severe penalties, as did acolytes. At no time during the long history of the "Long Shots" competition were these rules broken.

After all the top-ranking Sisterhood leaders had made their respective speeches, it was time for the games to begin. As the taped music began, the Greek champion proudly strutted to the narrow lane where he stood at the edge of a painted black marker upon which he had to place both his feet. The lane was almost identical to a typical lane you'd find in any bowling alley—the floor was not wood however, but a hard black plastic. It was a modular device containing several interlocking pieces that could be fitted together to form lengths of varying degree. And at several points along the vertical axis were placed electronic sensing devices, which would accurately record the distance of each champion's cumshot. This removed the necessity of having the acolytes rely upon visual confirmation, which could sometimes be inaccurate.

The other teams sat in a previously appointed area across from the judge's platform. The champions themselves sat together in a separate area behind the judge's booth, their long white robes resembling togas. Craig waved to me several times and I could tell that he was in good spirits. I saw Angelique and her associates, who sat a few rows in front of me, look on with a collective smugness at what they probably construed as an imminent win for their team. She must have read my mind because she turned to give me a look that can only be described as outright disdain. Nothing she could do would bother me now. I even felt bad for her, because I knew that by pinning all her hopes on Jacques, that she had made a fatal error in judgment.

My aunt Phoebe, Lenore, Justine and Estelle all sat together in the front row directly across from the lane. I was grateful that the seating had been arranged in stadium-style fashion, so that my view of them was not obstructed. For some reason, having them in sight made me feel better. I don't know why but it just did.

I saw Sylvie, Julie, and Juliette wave to me from the other side of the hall. A few rows down from them sat Mary Kate and Ashley, Drew, and Teri. I also noticed quite a few other celebrities and foreign dignitaries—even an American woman who was currently running for President of the United States!

The music came to an abrupt halt and I watched expectantly as the Greek champion removed his white robe to reveal an exceptionally muscular body. He was handsome, of medium height, and seemed quite enervated. When the team's Domina signaled that she was ready, one of the judges began the countdown by setting an electronic clock in motion, which was a rather large LCD device that hung suspended from the ceiling of the hall. Each contestant had only five minutes in which to ejaculate, otherwise the team would be disqualified.

Immediately the Domina's hands set to work on the Greek champion's rather large penis. For the benefit of those attendees who sat too far away to get a good view of the action, a theatre-style screen had been set up just above where the contest was taking place. These images were not recorded, only magnified. It was both amusing and arousing to watch his masturbation in such fine visual detail, and I found myself looking at the screen more than the actual proceedings.

Within a very short time he was fully erect, his team cheering him on. The Greek delegation sitting in the audience was very vocal, often calling the champion by name, which was Dimitri. Most of what they shouted was in Greek, but the occasional English word was heard now then, all of it very crude but funny.

At the three-minute mark the Domina was jerking him off furiously—her assistant always close at hand to provide the needed lubrication. And then at precisely 3:55, I heard the champion scream aloud and shift his lower body down and outward. On the upward pull of his penis a long, thick rope of semen shot out of his cock and sailed up the lane. It was very impressive, but I knew just from watching it that he offered no real competition to Craig. The electronic sensor registered 14.3 feet. The other shots of sperm failed to even make the ten-foot mark.

The Greek delegation was disappointed to say the least, but they accepted their lot with equanimity. Now it was time for the Brazilian team.

If it is a true that a well-rounded play consists of elements both tragic and comedic, then the Brazilian team emphasized the latter most effectively. Their champion was a rather smallish man, no bigger than 5' 4' in height. However, his cock was about 10 inches in length, or so said the stats that were displayed on the screen every time a new champion came to compete.

It was a completely oversized organ, replete with two very large testicles that hung almost halfway down his legs. He smiled and bowed to the audience and behaved quite like a famous celebrity might on a television game show. Such was his exuberance that the entire audience was soon cheering him on, regardless of their ethnic associations. I found myself laughing heartily at his comic display and hoped he would provide us with a good cumshot. And that he did.

Within two minutes his Domina had him shooting his hot load all over the lane. It was a very pell-mell kind of cumshot, with the sperm flying in all directions but not up the lane where it was intended to go. It had turned out to be quite a disappointment, but the team accepted their fate graciously and the champion walked off to a roaring applause.

The Chinese team now made their way to the lane marker. Like the Brazilian champion, their contender was also a small man roughly 5' 5" tall. He was extremely thin and was really nothing to look at. When he took of his robe his frail body contrasted sharply with his huge organ, which I surmised to be about nine inches in length. He looked funny with his black horn-rimmed glasses on his face, but he appeared determined to do his best.

His Domina was an exceptionally beautiful woman—elfin, delicate, but possessed of a firm grip and an aggressive nature. As soon as the countdown began she pulled on him savagely, her entire body being employed to add the necessary force to get him off. He was erect in less than 30 seconds and the close up on the screen showed that pre-cum was already forming at the tip of his cock. Up and down her hand flew, her face grimacing in a determined attempt to provoke an intense orgasm. And then, suddenly, after only a minute of assiduous stroking, his fat prick spit gobs of sperm into the air, the first spurt landing 16 feet away. The crowd cheered wildly. The little man showed his appreciation by bowing to the audience and was then led off by his grinning Domina.

So far, the cumshots had been impressive but not exceptional.

Italy was up next. The Italian champion was a gorgeous-looking man of about 25. He must have been about 6 feet tall and had long brown hair that he worn down to his shoulders. His body was firm and taught, his muscles ripped. And when the robe came off, he displayed a cock that was nothing short of perfect. I guessed it was about 8 or nine inches long but quite wide in diameter. It looked like it belonged on a statue.

The Italian delegation greeted him with shouts of "Bravo!" as he got ready to take his position at the marker. His Domina was a beautiful redhead with almost alabaster-like skin. She wore only a halter-top and short skirt with high heels. I could see that see was very serious about her business and whispered something in his ear at the last moment, which I presumed was a few words of encouragement. And then the countdown commenced.

In all the time since I have first witnessed guys being masturbated, I had never seen hands move so fast. I literally could not keep up with her movements. Her hands moved to some strange demonic force that could not be ascertained by the standards of ordinary human visual perception. In less than a minute he was shooting wads of cum high into the air and managed to hit, with his second shot, the 19-foot mark. Now I was starting to worry. And I could see that Angelique was worried too.

Needless to say, the crowd went completely wild. It was a great achievement, and the Italian team left the platform to a standing ovation.

It was now time for the Andaman Island team to make their bid for the championship. All of the members of the team were pygmies, including their champion, who stood only an inch or two higher than his female superiors. I estimated him to be only slightly higher than 4 feet tall. I had seem him perform in the qualifying rounds weeks before and could not forget the size of his genital equipment, nor the very impressive cumshot that he delivered. His prick was only nominal in size, but his balls were something else.

As he disrobed, I was again made aware of his huge set of testicles. There was now a week's worth of sperm inside them, desperate for release. And these little men had been known to shoot quite far under the expert stimulation of their mistresses.

The little pygmy woman applied a large dollop of cream to her hands and on the signal from the judges used both of them to masturbate him. Her technique was the opposite of the Italian Domina. She moved her hands up and down his slick pole slowly, deliberately, making sure her fingers traversed every inch of his meat.

I watched his body tense up as he prepared for ejaculation. It was now just over three minutes when he stared to shoot his hot cum. The first jet flew out in a more or less parallel line, coasting easily to the 20-foot mark. His Domina jumped up and down in delight, as did the rest of her team, at the incredible sight.

Felicia, who was sitting on my left, whistled loudly. "We have our work cut out for us I think, Holly."

"I'm sure Craig can beat that. Think positive."

"Fine, fine. But we still have Jacques to contend with."

I looked at the handsome Frenchman, who now, along with Angelique and her team made their way to the platform. The Andaman Islanders were still cheering their team when the judges gave the French team the signal to start. But something was wrong.

I had noticed that Jacques was constantly shaking his head every so often as he sat with the other contestants but he gave no indication that anything was wrong. Now, as he stood next to Angelique, it was quite clear that he was having great difficulty standing on his feet. Angelique and her team asked for a few minutes to determine what was wrong but it was obvious he could not perform.

A minute into their conversation he lost his balance and fell to the ground with a thud. Dr. Monroe immediately ran to the stricken boy and called for some of the acolytes to help her. Lenore was visibly shaken, as was my aunt and many others, who thought he was seriously hurt. I noticed that Angelique, though seeming surprised at this turn of events, was maintaining eye contact with her next in command, Marge Davis. Some sort of collusion was at work, but I had no idea what it might be. It was just an intuitive feeling, nothing more, but not long after I was proved right in my assumptions when my cousin made a motion to request that she call in her standby champion. I could not imagine who this man might be.

It took several acolytes to carry Jacques out of the hall. Dr. Monroe followed close behind after consulting with Lenore and my aunt. It took some time for the things to settle down. When about ten minutes later, Dr. Monroe returned, it was made known that Jacques was indeed all right. He had simply been dehydrated and had passed out from all the excitement. However, he was not fit to contend.

It was a rule that any team could have a second champion if they wished. At Angelique's request the judges called in her substitute champion who had been waiting in another part of the hall watching the events on closed-circuit television. In less than a minute of being summoned, a very tall, nice-looking, muscular black man entered the hall in a white robe and a big grin. When I saw Craig stand up and point directly at him in complete shock, I knew it was none other than his long-time friend Barney Cole.

Barney walked briskly to the platform where Angelique and the French team stood, barely acknowledging his old friend. I saw a look of hurt and disappointment come over Craig's face, as if he had suffered a physical blow. I knew then that Barney had betrayed his friend in order to become one of Angelique's tools in her bid for power.

Angelique was all smiles as the big black man took his position on the marker. The crowd squealed with delight when he took off his robe, revealing a body that seemed perfect in every respect. His cock, like Craig's, was a bit over 12 inches long and a formidable piece of equipment it was too. He waved it to and fro before a stunned audience and then informed his mistress that he was ready. The judges marked the time and Angelique's hands were instantly upon him.

Barney's prick was massive in the sense that it was not only long, it was also very thick. Angelique's hands were strong and agile, so she did not have much difficulty masturbating him at a very rapid tempo. She used only one hand to do the job, resorting to her usual haphazard stroking pattern that seemed to work wonders on any man's penis she had ever brought to orgasm. In less that a minute Barney was fully erect and he began to thrust his cock in and out of my cousin's well-lubricated hands to add to the pleasure he was receiving.

At the three-minute mark he was sweating profusely, his face strangely contorted into an expression of sublimity derived from intense pleasure. She worked him over like a pro, never once changing her grip or varying her speed. As had happened during the qualifying rounds, none of the women in Angelique's team showed much emotion. They simply stood there and watched their team leader jerk his magnificent organ as if they were watching a cow being milked. However, the French delegation made up for their apparent lack of interest and cheered the black Hercules on with great enthusiasm. As the time hit the four-minute mark, Barney grabbed both of his ass cheeks hard and pushed up into Angelique's casually stroking hand.

A thick wash of sperm flew out of his prick and sailed high into the air, finally landing exactly at the 22-foot marker. I looked at Craig. He was not happy.

"Jesus Christ, Holly!" Janet Walsh screamed over the din. "What the fuck are we going to do?"

I was too stupefied to answer.

His huge organ, under the deceptively simple guidance of my cousin's exquisite hands, sent another half dozen creamy salvos up the lane, one of which almost reached the distance achieved by his first shot.

The audience was ecstatic. For five full minutes Barney was cheered by the crowd, and he soaked up the attention like a man who had just won the Tour de France. Angelique was all smiles. She even went so far as to actually hug her champion, which startled him most of all. My hopes, so high at the beginning of the contest, were now quite deflated. Barney's cumshot was not just exceptional, it was unprecedented. Angelique had played her cards right. Whether or not Jacques physical ailment was a feint or an honest oversight on his part, mattered very little. My cousin was about to crush me, and I suddenly felt very sick.

Charlotte, Joanna, Felicia, and Janet—my stalwart and intrepid team—seemed to suffer from a collective meltdown. Charlotte, especially, looked doubtful as to whether we really stood any chance of winning in the aftermath of Barney's extremely long cumshot. Even Felicia, usually the most optimistic one of all of us, looked grim. But I, as their leader, could not afford to throw in my chips just yet. I had to present to them, and to everyone, a positive front. Luckily, my nature would not accept defeat—not when I knew we stood the slightest chance of winning.

"Wipe those frowns of your faces girls," I told my team. "Don't let Angelique and her nasty little minions see you sweat."

"She's right," Charlotte said to the others. "If we have to go down, let's go down fighting."

"Bravo!" Felicia agreed. "Let's show them!"

"Do you think Craig can beat him?" Janet asked me.

"I don't know," I replied honestly. "But we've got to try."

Joanna patted me on my shoulder reassuringly. "You've got one huge advantage in your favor."

"What's that?
"You love each other. And people who are in love tend to go that extra mile."

"Aptly put," Janet laughed.

Once the judges had restored order, they signaled for us to come to the platform. I wished my team luck and helped Craig disrobe. He looked angry and his body motions were very stiff and aggressive—not conducive to producing a superior cumshot.

"Please," I said to him almost as a whisper. "If you love me, do as I tell you. Put Barney and everything else out of your mind. Focus on me only. Relax your body and make believe you're fucking my brains out. That's what you want to do to me right, baby? You want to fuck the shit out of me. So just pretend my hand is my pussy and shoot all the hot, sticky spunk way up inside me. Fuck me hard. Fuck me until I cream all over that big fucking cock of yours!"

I don't think Craig was quite prepared for my litany of filth. I think I even surprised myself. But it had the desired effect. As soon as he saw me rub Dr. Swensen's special masturbation cream on my hands, he quieted down and allowed his body to relax.

The signal was given to start and I took both hands and began rubbing his cock in a milking fashion that he once told me had been used by Mrs. Terry and Mrs. Barber years ago when he was first indoctrinated by those older women into the world of CFNM. His prick was the same size as Barney's and just as thick. But Craig's balls did not hang as low. Instead, they hung higher up between his legs, making them less capable of bouncing back and forth as I masturbated him. In a way this was good, since my hand had a greater range of motion over his cock.

My team urged him on with some of the most wickedly filthy talk I had ever heard from a group of women. He responded by concentrating on my hand, imagining it to be my pussy. I knew this imagery would be a great help to him and he seemed to respond very well to my technique.

My hand literally flew up and down over his huge tool like it had a mind of its own. I saw pre-cum begin to form at the three-minute mark and I sensed his balls were preparing to launch their pent-up load.

"You're milking me like a cow!" he screamed aloud. "Like Mrs. Terry!"

"Yes," I said. "Like Mrs. Terry and Mrs. Barber who used to put you on all fours and jerk your huge prick off into a bucket!"

I knew how much he loved the imagery of those two venerable women and I hoped my words would fuel him to a stupendous orgasm.

"I want to see your spunk hit the fucking wall!" I screamed. "Show all these women your sticky, hot, creamy jizz now!"

With only 30 seconds left to go, I pulled on him for dear life.

"Oh, look at your balls!" I cried. "They're all filled up with hot sperm!"

The crowd was standing up in their seats, cheering wildly. I knew Craig had superb self-control, but time was running out. My hand was failing.

"Hurry Craig! Hurry!" I yelled at him in desperation.

Fifteen seconds remaining now. "Shoot it for me baby. Shoot it for me, Mrs. Terry, Mrs. Barber, and Kelly! Shoot it now!"

And then, in the final few seconds, my handsome lover screamed aloud and thrust his prick up hard against my hand. I pulled down on his cock and stopped stroking entirely, letting the pressure inside his balls supply him with all the force he would need. It was a maneuver that sometimes worked and sometimes didn't. I was taking a big chance, but I trusted to both his sexual preferences and my own intuition.

To a chorus of gasps and moans, I and my team, and a thousand other women, watched in rapt fascination as the first hot jet of spunk shot of Craig's huge convulsing cock and flew outward at a 45-degree trajectory over the less fortunate offerings of the previous contenders. And to both my shock and delight, it landed right next to Barney's cumshot. I immediately looked up at the sensor results posted automatically on the giant LCD above the judges' platform. Twenty-two feet and one-eighth of an inch! I screamed for joy, continuing to milk his cock while my hands got covered in spunk.

We had won. It was a small margin but it had been enough. Craig and I were greeted by a thunderous applause. As my team and I hugged each other, I saw Barney walk over to Craig and shake his hand. I saw genuine sorrow on the black man's face as he congratulated Craig. And Craig, incapable of holding a grudge, smiled and patted Barney on the back, happy to see his old friend once again. Both men hugged each other and laughed, and I knew that things were going to be all right between them.

Suddenly, Lenore was all over me and then it was my aunt's turn. All of my Sisterhood friends had now surrounded me and my team, kissing and hugging all of us. And amongst the crowd I made out two diminutive figures approaching me. It was Mary Kate and Ashley. Their faces were jubilant.

"You did it!" Ashley cried as she threw her arms around me. "I knew you were going to win!"

And then it was Mary Kate's turn to shower me with affection. I had never felt so proud of myself and my team, and especially Craig, who picked me up and kissed me with great passion as soon as Mary Kate had pulled away. Teri and Drew offered me their congratulations as well as some other celebrities who were friends of my aunt Phoebe. Sylvie, Juliette, and Julie tried to embrace me all at once, and the older woman kissed me many times on both cheeks.

"You know how to control a man!" she exclaimed. "I salute you!"

Even as I responded to all the people who came up to offer me their congratulations, my eyes were busy searching the room for any sign of Angelique and her team. They were nowhere to be found. I knew that this defeat would forever mark the end of whatever civility might have survived between us. But I also knew that it signaled the beginning of an even greater struggle that was to dwarf the importance of this competition into insignificance and ultimately propel us into the battle of our lives.

In the short ceremony that followed, I was awarded the "Antoinette" statue before an admiring crowd of onlookers. It felt good to hold that ancient relic in my hands: a symbol of all that was best and good about the Sisterhood. I looked forward to the monetary prize as well, but nothing could equal the joy I received from defeating Angelique. And as I held the statue high above my head for all to see, I saw a bevy of her radical-minded apostolates depart the hall in great haste, and with disgust written all over their faces.

After the ceremony had concluded, all those who had taken part in the competition, including dignitaries and other celebrities, enjoyed a sumptuous feast prepared by my aunt Phoebe, which was hosted on the lawn. Ashley and Mary Kate joined Craig and I at our table and both sisters immediately launched into a series of questions for the handsome champion.

"How do you manage to ejaculate so far?" Mary Kate asked him. "I mean I have seen guys in adult films shoot pretty good, but twenty-two feet? My mind can't grasp that."

Craig laughed. "Neither can I! I guess guys like me are freaks of nature."

"But I mean that black guy too," Ashley chimed in.

"Yeah, you mean my friend, Barney."

"Yes, Barney. How does he do it?"

"I guess he's a freak too. I really don't know what else to say."

"The fact is," I began, "both Craig and Barney had taken part in a medical experiment about a year ago in Sweden. They were both given male enhancement drugs and I guess it permanently affected them."

"I that so?" Ashley replied. "I think most guys would kill to be able to ejaculate like that."

"I suppose you're right, Ashley," Craig said.

"Do you masturbate often?" Mary Kate asked him.

Craig leaned back in his chair and let his eyes settle on me. "I'm pretty much horny all the time. Some days I can jerk off three or four times."

"Really?" Mary Kate asked surprised. "Your body can produce that much sperm?"

"Yes, ma'm it can," he replied proudly. "In fact, I'm horny right now."

"Even after all that cum you just shot out?"

"Yup. I produce tons of the white stuff every day."

"Lucky you, Holly!" Ashley laughed. I could tell she had become turned on by what she had seen and was anxious to see more.

"Do you think," she said to me, "that we could have a private show? You know, just the four of us?"

"A private show?" I asked.

"Yes. Mary Kate and I would love to see him masturbate. We were sitting kind of far away and the monitor screen didn't really didn't do it justice. It would be great if we could see things up close. If it's okay with you and Craig."

"As long as there's free food around, I don't mind," Craig said happily.

"I don't see why not," I said. "It would be fun." I turned to Craig. "Do you think you can perform again so soon?"

"I think so. But don't expect another twenty-two foot cumshot."

"Okay. Twenty feet!" Mary Kate said, her eyes sparkling.

"Awesome!" Ashley laughed. "I hate those little cumshots that just dribble out. They're not exciting to watch."

"Yeah," Mary Kate agreed. "We like our cumshots thick and creamy!"

"And shot far and wide!" Ashley added, moving her right hand in a wide arc to simulate the tracing of a cumshot through the air. She began laughing hysterically. "You must think we are such perverts!"

"No at all," I said. "It's nice to see this side of you for a change."

Mary Kate finished a forkful of food, swallowed, and eyed her sister. "You know, the world sees us one way, and that's fine because that's what we want them to see. But here, with all the Sisterhood around us, and our bodyguards out of the way, we can let our hair down. I mean, Ash and I are both 21 years old now and we should be able to act out some of our fantasies without facing reprobation. It's not like we're breaking the law or hurting anyone or anything like that. We just want to have some fun—with cum!"

Both sisters laughed at her little pun.

I found their ribald talk quite infectious and arousing. I laughed along with them, as did Craig. I had never really seen either of the twins display more of their lustful natures until now, and it was pure revelation.

"The truth is, Holly," Ashley began, "both Mary Kate and I really get turned on watching guys masturbate. I don't know if that's normal or not, but it's just so hot and sexy to see it. Especially if we're the ones who get them to do it."

"Better stop talking like that girls. I'm getting a hard-on!"

The twins and I looked at each other and giggled.

"I think you were born with a hard-on," I said to him. "But really, I don't think there is anything weird about watching guys jerk off. It's really a power trip for us girls, right? And jerking off guys is one of the things the Sisters here do best. Look where it's got them!"

We watched as Craig moved his hand down onto his crotch. Ashley coyly bent her head to one side to watch him fondle himself.

"Why don't you jerk it off right now?" she suggested with a provocative smile.

"Are you serious?" Craig replied, sneaking a look at me.

"Go ahead," I said. "I'd like to see it too."

"You mean right here? With all these other people around?"

"Well," I said, "you just jerked off in front of a thousand women. Why should that be a problem for you?"

"Yeah, come on, beat if off," Mary Kate insisted. "I want to see you shoot your load. Please!"

It was almost a plea.

"No, I want it to be just the four of us," Ashley stated emphatically. "I want it to be special. Can't we go someplace where Craig can perform without anyone else around?"

I thought for a moment and remembered that my aunt's veranda was hardly ever used except by me on those occasions when I needed time alone. It was surrounded by a high brick wall that would give us complete privacy. I suggested this to the twins and they thought it was a great idea.

Craig had insisted that he needed to finish his dinner before giving us another show. That was fine with me. I could tell that both Mary Kate and Ashley were thrilled at the idea of watching my handsome boyfriend cum for them. The world might have an impression of both girls as being somewhat cutesy and demure, which in fact they were. But, they were now both adult women with a concomitant interest about male sexuality and were both fascinated and curious about how the male genitals worked. What better way than to show them firsthand from a young and handsome guy who was always willing to please? And being sheltered as it were in the Sisterhood environment, the rest of the world would never know of their prurient experiences. It was a perfect environment in which to satiate their ribald desires.

As we dined, I saw Barney Cole come walking over with a plate of food in his hands. Craig greeted him warmly and invited him to sit down with us.

After all the introductions had been made, we had explained to him what we were planning to do after dinner. Barney took a swig of soda and laughed.

"Good luck to you, buddy," he said to Craig. "If you can shoot another load like you did in the contest, I take my hat off to you."

I saw Ashley size up the handsome black man favorably. "I was thinking," she said to him, "why don't you and Craig compete against each other?"

"Great idea!" Mary Kate quickly agreed. "What do you think, Barney? You feel like you can cum again? Please say yes!"

Barney looked surprised. "Put on another show? Just for you? After what we just did?" He looked at Ashley, then Mary Kate. "I had no idea you girls were so kinky! But god-damn if I ain't up for it!"

"Excellent!" Mary Kate said, excitedly.

Ashley looked at her sister and they both giggled.

"Mary Kate and I took bets on which one of you was going to shoot the farthest."

"Yeah that was a close call, Craig," Barney said. "You only beat me by an eighth of an inch."

"Well, you might beat me this time bro," Craig replied genially.

"I'm glad to see that you both have worked out your differences," I said to Barney. "The kind of friendship you have is rare."

"Hey, I'm not going to lie to you and tell you that I'm not in love with Angelique, cause I am. Whether she is in love with me is another story. I'm just sorry as hell that I lied to you, Craig. It was wrong. I never meant you any harm."

Craig put his hand on Barney's shoulder. "Look man, I think we both know that people sometimes make mistakes. You let your lust get the best of you, that's all!"

Both men laughed heartily.

"I guess there's no love lost between you and your cousin," Barney said to me quite unexpectedly.

"No, Barney," I replied. "There's no love lost between us. But if I may give you a word of advice: be careful. Angelique has a way of using and then discarding men. I just don't want to see a good guy like you get hurt."

"I appreciate that, Holly," he said with a serious air. "I want you and my buddy here to know that just because I helped her out, I'm not your enemy. I'll never do anything to hurt you guys despite my involvement with her."

After dinner was over the five of us walked around to the east wing of the chateau and entered through a set of glass doors into the veranda. It was a spacious area the size of a small hall. Most of the patio furniture had been removed to accommodate the dinner guests, but we found a few pieces that had been left behind.

"Right there," I said, pointing to a long, rectangular table. "Mary Kate, Ashley, and I will sit on that side and you guys can perform on this side. That way we can see everything."

Craig and Barney quickly removed their shorts and tee shirts as the twins and I sat down. When Ashley first saw Barney's cock pop up out of his shorts fully erect, she squealed with joy.

"Oh, my God! Where were you hiding that?"

Mary Kate simply sat there gawking at the size of the black man's enormous appendage. "Closed circuit TV doesn't do you justice!" she said to him, unable to stop from laughing.

"It has a mind of its own, ladies," Barney snickered. "You never know when it's going to pop up!"

"Or pop off!" Ashley exclaimed through her laughter.

When both men were ready, I told them to begin fondling themselves. I further advised them to take it nice and slow and really entertain us.

"Yeah," Mary Kate agreed. "No quickies. We want a build up. You know, that way you guys can shoot it really far."

The men agreed and promised to give us a show that we would never forget.

"Don't worry, you won't be disappointed," Craig assured her as he started caressing his prick. Within moments he was as hard as a rock.

"Wow!" Ashley remarked, staring at the abrupt transformation. "I think you're as big as Barney!"

"In fact," I said to her, "they are both exactly twelve and three quarters of an inch long."

"That's so cool!" Mary Kate said admiring both penises. "Do bigger cocks usually shoot more cum?"

Barney smiled. "I don't think there's any evidence to support that theory, Mary Kate."

"Oh," she replied looking somewhat dismayed. Then suddenly her face brightened. "But we already know what you guys can do, so maybe it is true."

It was obvious that all of our sexy talk was very effectual in helping both men achieve full erection. It was time to begin.

"You guys are going to be on your own this time," I said to them. "No lube, no tricks, no one's hands but your own. Just a straight and simple jerk off."

"Straight and simple," Barney concurred. "You better watch out bro," he said to Craig. "I'm gonna whip your white ass this time."

"Oh yeah?" Craig replied. "How are you going to do that?"

"I'm gonna stroke this damn piece of hot black meat so fast and hard that all these fine ladies here in the box seats are gonna wish they had raincoats on!"

That did it. Ashley, Mary Kate and I burst out laughing. We soon found out that Barney had a marvelous sense of humor. It was not so much the jokes themselves, but the way in which he told them. And his expressions were so animated that before he got to the punch line we were already doubled over in fits of laughter. Ashley was particularly sensitive to his outbursts of humor. Everything that he said that had the slightest tinge of humor in it from that moment on set her off on a laughing spree. Barney was overjoyed that she found him so amusing.

"I've never laughed so hard in my life," the beautiful twin confessed.

"You know, Ashley," Barney said, waiting for her laughter to subside, "I think there is nothing more beautiful and sexy than seeing a fine-looking woman such as yourself having a great time. I just get all turned on from watching you laugh."

"Are you telling us she can laugh you into an erection?" Craig joked.

"It's possible," Barney said with some seriousness. "There are all kinds of fetishes out there man. Come on, don't you find laughing women sexy?"

"Hmmm…Now that you mention it—I do." Craig said, somewhat bemused at this apparently unexpected realization.

"Okay," Barney said, looking justified. "I see Ashley laugh like she does and I'm gonna shoot the biggest load of man juice this side of Paris."

Ashley took a little sip of her mineral water and crossed her legs. "Well, I guess I'll just have to make sure I laugh a lot, Barney."

Her answer appeared to excite him because I saw him take a quick peek at her lovely legs and sigh aloud.

"Girl you are something else."

Ashley just grinned and looked at his crotch. "So, what are you guys waiting for? We want to see the cum!"

"Damn!" Barney said under his breath.

I told both Craig and Barney to position themselves so that they were standing side by side facing us. "You can jerk off until you're ready to cum and then you have to point those monsters out towards the wall so that we don't get soaked."

"Yeah," Mary Kate agreed. "Stand so we can watch both of you cum."

"Maybe they'll both cum together!" Ashley chuckled.

The twins and I carried on our conversation while the two men masturbated themselves, their excited pricks seeming to grow bigger and bigger with each newfound burst of laughter from us. Both Mary Kate and Ashley were still virgins, but their repertoire of foul language might have belied that fact. I was not prepared for some of the things I heard, and I think Craig and Barney were themselves surprised to hear about some of the very racy but sexy tales they told about their family and friends. Some of it was shocking, but it seemed to stimulate both men to no end.

"It was Ashley who first caught our older brother masturbating," Mary Kate said as she watched Barney and Craig stroke their long tools. "I think he had left the bathroom door unlocked or something, right Ash?"

"I think he thought it was locked but actually it was open about an inch or two," Ashley explained. "I was going in to take a shower and there he was sitting on the toilet jerking off with a porn magazine in his hands. He was doing it so fast that he was in another world. I was really curious to see what was going to happen so I kept watching. He never even knew I was there."

"Wow!" I said. "Did you actually stay to watch him cum?"

"I really didn't want to because it was my brother, you know. But his cock was so huge, and he seemed to be really enjoying himself that I got turned on from just looking at him. I hope you don't think I'm sick or anything, but it was just so much fun to see."

"I wish I had been there," Mary Kate said. "I would have loved to see him bust a nut."

"So what happened?" I asked.

"Well," Ashley continued, "I opened the door just a little bit more to see better and then he started to cum."

"Ropes," Mary Kate interjected. "Tell Holly how you thought it looked like ropes of sperm when he shot off."

"Exactly like that," her sister agreed. "Huge, sticky ropes of semen came shooting out of his dick. The first spurt actually hit the shower curtain about ten feet away."

"Oh God, why wasn't I there?" the other twin complained.

"And I mean, I was like shocked," Ashley confessed. "He just kept shooting his cum over and over. His fingers were all covered with it, and the magazine took several hits so that the pages all got soaked. I got so horny from watching him cum that I had to go into my bedroom and take out my vibrator."

"That is some story!" I said, wishing that I, too, had been there to see it.

"That is a great fucking story!" Craig said aloud.

Barney was sweating profusely now, his body glistening in the sunlight, his huge cock and balls bouncing up and down to his impassioned stroking. "I fucking love that story!" he gasped. "It's so hot! Damn girl! You are one sexy thing!"

"Looks like that cream is building up in those huge fucking balls of yours," Mary Kate laughed.

"Oh, I got lots of cream inside of these big old balls for you babe," he answered her. "About two quarts' worth."

"He means a half gallon," Craig said laughing hard, and almost breaking his concentration.

"I love watching your balls bounce around, Barney," Ashley commented.

"Why don't you girls tell us another story," he suggested.

Ashley looked sheepishly at Mary Kate. "What do you think? Should we tell them the story of the hand cream?"

"Oh, that sounds good already!" Craig muttered between clenched teeth.

"Tell them," Mary Kate advised her sister.

"Well," Ashley began, "Mary Kate and I go to the same hair salon and have our hair done by the same stylist. One day she—her name is Alicia—was giving me a facial and her boyfriend came in to see her. Mary Kate was sitting in the chair next to me getting her haircut and we both giggled because he was just so gorgeous. Anyway, Alicia takes out this huge plastic bottle of face cream—you know, Holly, the big blue bottle with the pushdown dispenser—and she puts the palm of one hand underneath the dispenser and with the other she pushes the top of the dispenser down hard.

"She wasn't paying any attention because her boyfriend was there," Mary Kate interjected.

"Anyway, what happened was that the cream shot out of the dispenser so hard that it flew right into my lap. It was no big deal, but I saw her look at him and she said: "It's just like you!" Then she made some kind of jerk-off motion with her hands so that she could convey her meaning to us. She told us later that she often took him in the back of the salon after hours and gave him handjobs with the lotion. She said it made him squirt gallons."

"Fuck, that's hot," Barney gasped.

"But that's not all," said Mary Kate, who now continued the story.

"The following week me and Ash went in for a manicure and her boyfriend was there again. This time Alicia told us to stay because she knew that we were curious about how to give guys handjobs. We told her we wanted to watch her bring him off. So she put us in the adjacent room, which has a two-way mirror."

"Holy shit," Craig said pulling on his cock like a madman. "How kinky can you get?"

"It's all true," Ashley insisted. "Every word. Those are the kinds of things that happen in LA."

"I'm not surprised!" I said, thoroughly amused by their outrageous tale. "So what happened?"

"Alicia snuck us into the back room and we waited there for about fifteen minutes until the last customer had left. She then took her boyfriend in and told him to get naked. She left her clothes on though."

"You're forgetting the best part," Ashley reminded her.

"What part?" Oh, yeah! The table!"

"The milking table!" Ashley corrected her.

Mary Kate chuckled. "Yeah, that's what she called it. She had this table that had a cutout in the middle so that if a guy laid down on his stomach, his cock would fit through the hole."

"I fuckin' like that idea!" Barney just barely managed to say.

"Once she got him lying on it, she got underneath and put some cream on her hands and began masturbating him like crazy. It was so funny watching this huge cock being jerked off like that. She had him shooting his sperm in no time."

Craig groaned. "I can't take much more of this girls!"

It was plainly obvious that the two men were getting close to ejaculating.

"Ladies, I think we are going to see a really huge cumshot from both these guys very soon," I said.

Mary Kate suggested that they turn and face to the left so that we could get a good view of their ejaculations without us getting drenched in the process.

"Let us know when you're ready to cum so that we don't miss anything," she advised them.

"I'm going to sit on the table," Ashley said, quickly moving into a closer position.

Not to be outdone, Mary Kate followed her sister's lead. Both girls were now only a few feet from the men. They looked down on the mammoth tools being brought to orgasm just for them and they loved it.

"If I had some hand lotion I'd use it on you," Ashley told Barney, her voice dripping with lust. "Up and down, up and down…" she laughed, pretending to stroke an imaginary penis with her hand.

"This is mind blowing!" Mary Kate said turning to me. "I just love it!"

"Me too" I said, eagerly awaiting the shower of sperm.

"Those cocks are going to explode!" she continued.

"Like a rocket getting ready to shoot off," Ashley said, unable to take her eyes off the scene.

"I think this rocket is getting ready to launch," Mary Kate observed, as he craned her neck forward so that her face was only a foot away from Barney's tool, now dripping pre-cum at an enormous rate and on the verge of exploding.

Neither man could speak at this point. All their concentration was now focused upon their cocks, fully primed and ready to release their white, hot spunk.

At almost the same exact moment both Craig and Barney thrust their hips forward and locked their legs. Barney was now beyond the point of no return. Throwing his head back, he let out a wild howl, and his enormous balls, so full of fresh, new spunk, expanded before our eyes and filled up like two huge water balloons, promising a potent release of sperm. I knew, as Ashley and Mark Kate did, that the long-awaited cumshot was now on its way. Barney grunted and, as he did so, Ashley moved slightly to the right so as to not miss witnessing his orgasm. Both girls' faces were only inches away from his huge black prick, which was now completely covered with his nasty juices.

"Ropes! I want to see ropes of cum!" Mary Kate demanded.

To further encourage his orgasm, Ashley made a "tsk, tsk" sound with her mouth, which I thought suggested the sound of semen being ejaculated. She simultaneously moved her arm in a wide arc, indicating he should hit the wall with his cumshot.

Barney's powerful hand pulled savagely on his cock as he began to surrender his hot and sticky spunk.

"Oh, here it comes!" Mary Kate laughed.

Ashley laughed along with her and Barney could take no more.

Suddenly, he let go with two huge blasts of semen, which shot out of his prick with such intensity that the girls and I screamed in delight. The milky load traveled at incredible speed and was almost impossible to follow with our eyes. I could not be sure but I think the first shot did, in fact, hit the brick wall, fifteen feet away. As astounding as his orgasm was, Craig was now ready to deliver what we all agreed, later on, was the greatest cumshot ever produced.

Seeing his friend shoot his cum uncontrollably to the sound of the twin's unceasing laughter, Craig delivered a few final vicious strokes to his fat prick and shot three amazingly thick ropes of spunk toward the wall, his abundant stream splashing head on into Barney's equally prodigious offering, and part of it sailing completely over the wall. Despite being in the throes of orgasm, he nonetheless appeared amazed that such a singular thing could happen. I think the twins and I sat awestruck for a moment, unable to comprehend how he could have achieved such a feat after having had such a voluminous orgasm only a few hours before.

There was so much cream shooting into the air at one time that both Ashley and Mary Kate looked on transfixed and temporarily speechless. We cried joyously as giant washes of white paste danced before our eyes. Unbelievable amounts of sperm were being ejaculated at an incredible rate, so much so that the area directly in front of us was completely saturated with the thick, salty fluid. It was as if someone had decided to take a bucket of white wash and fling the contents onto an invisible canvas. Squirt after giant squirt poured out of the men's swollen tools, in a seemingly never-ending cascade of semen. The twins were laughing so hard at the incessant volley of cum being shot out that they could barely speak.

"There' so…so much of it! And it's so gooey!" Ashley exclaimed, as her eyes followed two adjacent loads of sperm that flew past her in a parallel direction towards the hedges.

And then it was Mary Kate's turn to comment when the next ejaculation, coming from Barney's cock, actually produced two separate, but distinct, arcs of cum, one of which flew off into the distance while the other formed a long, stringy tail that hung obscenely from the underside of his glans. And with each successive eruption, the sticky strands stubbornly clung to his cock head, moving back in forth in the air like some gelatinous paste that had a mind of its own. Mary Kate pointed to it and turned to her sister.

"Don't you just love that!" she said laughing uncontrollably. "Look at it!"

Ashley shook her head in wonderment at the trail of spunk hanging from Barney's cock. "It does look like ropes," she said to her sister, completely overcome by the hilarity of it all. "I want to see more ropes!"

Their pricks still not completely drained, both men continued to stoke themselves vigorously, their ample supply of sperm still shooting huge volleys of cum into the air. Mary Kate was enthralled.

"This is so fucking unbelievable!" she cried, as one sticky blast from Barney just barely missed hitting her in the face.

"And they're still cumming!" Ashley cried, as she watched several long, stringy loads from Craig fly over the hedges to Barney's left.

"More, more!" Mary Kate egged them on. "More ropes!"

They didn't disappoint her. As a final coup de grace, both men shot a huge, creamy load at roughly the same time. Both ejaculations were aimed toward the sky, and it made all of us laugh as we watched the fireworks-like display go up and then down, landing in a huge puddle near both men's feet. It was finally over, and Mary Kate and Ashley had been thoroughly satisfied with what I had to admit was an incredible performance.

"That was fantastic!" Ashley said to me as the men cleaned themselves with some paper towels I had brought with me. She then turned to Craig and Barney. "And you guys were both phenomenal!"

Both men looked up at us and smiled. They looked a bit tired but very happy.

"We have to do this again, Holly," Mary Kate said excitedly. "These guys are amazing!"

"My aunt Phoebe's official induction into the Sisterhood takes place next week," I said. "Maybe we can think up something special."

"I don't care what we do as long as Craig and Barney are there."

After the guys had cleaned themselves up, along with the sperm that they had so effectually rained down upon my aunt's veranda floor, all of us went to rejoin the dinner party, which was in full swing.

End of Chapter 9

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 10
byfmcchris©

Note from the Author: I apologize to all my readers for the long delay in getting Ch. 10 online. Life has a nasty habit of intervening when you are busy making other plans it seems. Chapter 11 will mark the final chapter of this story and I hope to have it online by the end of the summer. Happy reading!

*

The first person to see us as we made our way across the lawn was Felicia. She came running over to me all excited.

"Where have you been? They're all looking for you!" she asked concerned.

"Why? What's going on?" I asked.

"It's a surprise. Come on!"

Taking me by the hand she led us to a large gathering of people that had assembled near my aunt's table. As we made our way through the crowd, I was greeted with a round of applause. I noticed that a long table had been set up with fruits and pastries, and in the middle of it sat a three-tiered chocolate cake. The bottom layer must have been roughly three feet in diameter. And on top of it was a plastic replica of the Antoinette award. It stood only about three inches tall and seemed dwarfed by the huge piece of cake.

"What's all this for?" I asked Charlotte, who happened to be closest at hand.

"She wants to know what it's for!" she shouted to the crowd.

Everyone broke out laughing.

"It's for you, my dear niece!" my aunt proclaimed, as the women in front stepped aside to let her through. She pointed to the cake. "I baked it myself just for you!"

My aunt then threw her arms around me and gave me a big hug and a kiss.

"Congratulations on your victory. Antoinette would be very proud of you!"

She kissed me a few more times and then told me to cut the cake.

Craig and Barney were all smiles. I think more because of the chocolate cake than anything else. Ashley and her sister remained by my side, just as excited as I was.

"This is so nice of you auntie," I said to her as she handed me the knife. "And chocolate too. It's my favorite."

"That's why I made it for you. Go ahead and start cutting. Small slices now. We have a lot of people here."

I heard Lenore bark some orders to Justine to make sure the coffee was being served. She then turned to me. "Your aunt is the most kindest soul I know," she said, holding on to my aunt's hand. "Where she finds the time to bake cakes I'll never know. But I must admit, Phoebe, it certainly looks like a professional job."

"Nothing is too good for my niece," she said, smiling down on me.

As I cut the first piece of cake, the crowd starting clapping and cheering. The members of my team then surrounded me and people began taking pictures of us. I insisted that Craig be included in some of the shots, as it was really his victory more than mine. Of course, some of the hardcore Sisters might not see it that way, but I loved him and wanted him to share in the glory. I felt it was only right.

After all the pictures had been taken, the crowd continued to mull around the table and converse. I had just taken the first bite of my cake when suddenly I caught a glimpse of a large group of women crossing the lawn toward us. As they approached, the mood of our partygoers grew increasingly somber. When they got within 50 feet of us I knew who it was and my heart sank.

"What the fuck does she want?" Charlotte grumbled.

I put my plate down and stood tall as the Sisters around me seemed to part from me like the breaking of a wave, leaving me alone in the center of a maelstrom that I knew was coming. My aunt, Lenore, and my team, however, remained by my side, as did Craig. Barney and the twins were too involved in their conversation to know what was going on until the storm was almost upon us. But they, too, stood next to me, anticipating something unpleasant.

"You're rather late but there's still plenty of food," said my aunt, politely addressing the ringleader. Come and join the party."

"No thanks, mother," my cousin replied emphatically, coming to halt several feet in front of me. "We're not hungry."
"That's too bad. The cake is quite good." She then spoke to the women standing behind her daughter. "How about you Greta? Yin? Cake? Anya? Selena? Would you care for a slice? I'd offer some to you Marge, but I know you don't like sweets."

There was a hint of sarcasm in my aunt's voice as she said this and Marge Davis returned the slight with one of her own.

"No, I don't," the sinister woman replied. "Especially when it's the artificial kind."

My aunt deflected the insult with a laugh. Not one of the other women she had addressed had had the courtesy to answer her.

"If anything, you're the one who's artificial," Charlotte said to Marge in a disparaging tone.

Marge gazed at Charlotte with contempt. "I'm artificial? Well, so are you! A fortune teller who has all the insight of a gnat!"

"I have enough insight to see you clearly enough," Charlotte replied hotly. "You have been poisoning my niece's mind with your evil filth! You miscreant! You Mephistopheles!"

"Stay out of this aunt Charlotte!" Angelique quickly rejoined, hoping to deflect the situation. "I'm not interested in anything you have to say."

"You should be," Charlotte said, turning to face her niece. "You should be listening to all those who love you—those who will tell you the truth." She let her eyes fall upon the small group of women radicals standing directly behind Angelique. "If you think they love you, you are a fool."

Angelique's response was one of outright disdain. "And what are you saying--that you love me aunt Charlotte? I don't think so. You've never been a part of my life. Never. No, thanks. I'll take my chances with the fools."

"In that you would be making a very big mistake, Angelique," my aunt Phoebe said grimly. "They only follow you because they think you're somehow going to change things. But they are just as deluded as you are."

"You're wrong, mother. They are my people."

"You're people?" Lenore suddenly broke in. "Your people are all of the Sisterhood, not just some little clique. If you really cared about our Order, you would be trying to work with us, not divide us."

Angelique did not readily reply to the Sisterhood leader. Instead she casually sauntered over to where Lenore was standing and slowly circled around her, as if she were trying to estimate her worth solely by her physical aspect. Lenore took this as a direct affront, which it was—an attempt to humiliate by virtue of salacious obsequy.

"This," my cousin finally said pointing to Lenore, "is your leader. But she won't be for long. While all of you lounge around here acting carefree and eating cake, a new movement is beginning—a radical movement. It is coming, and those who are not with us are going to be swept away!"

The crowd stood silent for a moment and then a few people started laughing.

"Swept away by who? You?" Felicia said to my cousin. "You are just a little girl with big ambitions and nothing else. It is we who will sweep you away!"

"I'd like to see you try it you Italian bimbo!" Great Hofsteddar bellowed.

"You Nazi pig!" Felecia fired back.

"Enough!" Lenore roared. "This is ridiculous. Angelique, say what you have to say and get out."

My cousin took this as her cue to address the entire crowd. She moved away from Lenore in the direction of her supporters, waiting to speak until she had everyone's attention.

"There are many of us who are not happy with the way Lenore has run the Sisterhood. She lives in the past and is out of touch with reality. I offer you a chance to break free from the repression of her leadership. I offer all of you a chance to come with me. To join me and these other women in creating a new Order that will be far greater than anything she has promised you. We are not going to cater to men like you do, Lenore. We are not going to wait decades to make our vision a reality. And we are certainly not going to wait for you to lead us to a better future. I promise change now. And if any of you have any brains at all, you will come and join us."

And with that coldly dramatic speech, my cousin turned her back on everyone and started to walk away. My aunt was horrified. She turned to me with a questioning look, but I was too startled to speak. In fact, not one of the Sisters could summon anything to say for some time. Oddly enough, it was Barney Cole who broke the silence.

"Hey, Angelique!" he said. "Why do you got to go and act like that? These people are your friends and you're treating them with disrespect. It ain't right."

My cousin turned suddenly and glared at hulking black man—the man who had so recently forsaken his best friend to come to her aid.

"That's okay, Barney," my aunt said, finally finding her voice. "My daughter has become an uncivilized and hate-filled brute. I hardly recognize her anymore."

She then took several steps forward to stand face to face with Angelique. "I think you should apologize to Lenore."

"For what? For telling the truth?" my cousin said with a sneer. "She knows her days are numbered. You all know it." She turned to Lenore. "You chose my cousin over me. An outsider. A person who two months ago didn't even know the Sisterhood existed. Yet you made her your successor. How could you do that you stupid old woman?"

"How dare you speak to our Sister like that?" my aunt said, raising her voice above the sudden chatter. "What she did was in the best interests of the Sisterhood."

"No, mother. What she did was in her best interests."

My aunt swung around to face Lenore. "I apologize for my daughter. She is behaving disgracefully."

Lenore seemed unaffected by Angelique's insulting behavior. "Let her talk, Phoebe. It's time it all came out in the open. Let's see the beast for what it truly is."

Angelique laughed loudly. "You're calling me a beast? Someone hasn't looked in the mirror today!"

All of Angelique's supporters began laughing along with her. And yet Lenore remained calm.

"I chose Holly to succeed me because you are not worthy of the responsibility. It is she who has been victorious today. It is she who will be victorious in the days to come. And there is nothing you or your little friends can do to change that."

"Do you really expect me to believe that she is better than I am?" my cousin retorted. "That girl? The one who is standing there with frosting all over her mouth?

My cousin then slowly approached me and let her hand brush my face. "Look at her everybody. Do you really think she will make a good leader? Her and her frosted face?"

Suddenly my cousin's hands were clutching my hair, pulling me sideways and forcing my head downward, face first, onto the table and the waiting chocolate cake. The next thing I knew I was gasping for breath as half my head was violently submerged into the sticky mass of frosting. And then, just as suddenly, my head was pulled back forcefully by a pair of powerful arms. It was Craig.

"Are you okay?" he asked, looking both worried and angry.

I just shook my head and tried to catch my breath.

Angelique lay on the ground. Her face mutated into an ugly scowl. On top of her lay both Mary Kate and Ashley, frantically trying to keep her away from me.

I tried to move my legs but found that they were giving out from under me. My cousin had wrenched me backwards so hard that the muscles in both legs had been strained. Craig, seeing that I was in pain, helped me to the nearest chair. Meanwhile, Ashley and Mary Kate were still wrestling with Angelique.

"Get these twin terrors off me!" my cousin screamed.

Angelique's friends came quickly to her rescue, and soon all hell broke lose. I could barely see what was going on because my face was completely covered over with frosting. Thankfully, someone brought me a beach towel and I managed to wipe most of it from my eyes.

On the ground were several dozen women, fighting each other like a bunch of wild felines. I saw Charlotte punch Marge Davis squarely in the jaw and then she herself was tackled and brought low by Anya Rostokovitch. Yin Ping Hun, Selena Montaldo, Greta, and several other of my cousin's lackeys had all joined the fray, punching, kicking and clawing my team and any other brave souls who dared to put themselves in harm's way. Angelique's group was clearly outnumbered, but they put up a valiant fight until they saw both Barney and Craig approach them with the threat of imminent retribution.

Giving both men a wide berth, the terrified radicals watched in fear as the twin colossuses strode over them like a giant reaper, warning them to keep their distance. The women scrambled to their feet with their bruised leader in their possession, none daring to confront the men, and certainly not with their indubitable Sister now partially impaired. It took a while, but Barney and Craig's intervention had certainly helped defray the onslaught, and my aunt was grateful for it.

"Thank you gentlemen," she said to the two men. "Are you all right, Holly, my dear?"

I shook my head numbly, still reeling from the unexpected and savage assault.

With the aid of several women, Angelique wiped the grass off her clothing and managed to stand upright. I was so overcome by her attack that my legs felt shaky and I was forced to remain seated. Half my face was still covered in frosting.

"Thank you girls," Lenore said to Mary Kate and Ashley. "You may be small but you have a lot of guts."

The twins seemed quite pleased with their heroics. They both came and sat next to me to offer me comfort as they helped each other pick the grass out of their hair.

My aunt, however, was anything but pleased.

"You have made a fool of yourself in front of everyone," she said, reprimanding her daughter. "And you have humiliated me in front of all my friends. There was no reason for you to attack your cousin. Absolutely none."

Angelique said nothing. And this made my aunt even angrier.

I want you out of my house tonight," she continued. "You understand me? Tonight. Take your inheritance and all your possessions and your miserable friends and get the hell out. You love them so much, then go and live with one of them. I am sick to death of you! Sick to death, you damned little bitch of a girl!"

At this point my aunt's voice faltered, and it broke my heart to see the tears begin to well up in her eyes. Here was a woman of great strength and heart, a true bon vivant, and the epitome of a loving and caring mother, reduced to tears by the very person whom she loved most in the world. It was a cruel and unjust payment for a woman who had always put the needs of her family before her own. I wanted to get up and comfort her, but my legs were so weakened that I couldn't yet stand. I was thankful when Lenore, seeing her friend overcome by emotion, rushed to her side.

"Look what you've done!" the Sisterhood leader said angrily to my cousin. "I don't care how you've treated the rest of us, but this is your mother. She deserves your love and respect. I think you're the one that needs to look in the mirror young woman. I want you and the rest of your bitches out of here. Now! Come, Phoebe."

Lenore put her arms around my aunt and led her toward the chateau. She was now crying uncontrollably, and it made me angry to think that my cousin had been responsible for her distress. I thought that was the end of it, but my cousin, apparently wasn't finished. Unmoved by her mother's pain, she ordered her followers to depart.

"And as for you, you traitor," she said to Barney as she walked by him, "I never want to see you again."

Barney, despite his misplaced love for her, seemed to have accepted the inevitable truth that what he had witnessed of her behavior was something he could never live with. "What's wrong, Angelique? You jealous because I'm friends with Craig?"

"No, asshole. Because you're kissing up to my fucking enemies!"

"Don't talk to me like that girl," Barney said, stung by her remark.

"I'll talk to you however I please," she replied defiantly. "Who are you anyway? A guy who can shoot a big fucking load, but not big enough to beat Mr. Sweden over here."

She gave Craig a disdainful look as she said this. I thought for a moment that Barney might hit her; he seemed so on edge.

"I did my best for you girl," he said with a hint of raw anger in his voice. "Now don't you be throwin' up my failure in my face, you hear me?"

Angelique emitted a hollow laugh. "You can't serve two masters, Barney." She then gave me one last look and began to walk away.

It was sad to see Barney so mistreated by the vengeful girl who now led her group out beyond the eastern entrance of the chateau. He followed her exit out the front yard with dismay, but he did not chase after her, for which I gave him credit. Her reprehensible behavior could not have been lost upon him—a man for whom loyalty meant so much and for the abandonment of which he had almost lost a good friend.

"So much for that," he said as he fell into his chair, his eyes still fixed on the eastern horizon. "You were right, Holly. You were right about her."

I had warned him. But I didn't have the heart to tell him so. For a man possessed with such optimism and affability, it must have been quite difficult for him to believe that anyone could truly be evil—especially not the beautiful, alluring Angelique. It had to be a bitter pill for him to swallow, and I did not want to aggravate his already hurt pride with any latent recriminations.

For a few moments a great quiet fell over everyone. I watched as Craig went over to his friend to console him while the twins continued to pick debris from their clothing. A general pall seemed to have come over the crowd in the wake of the incident, shattering the once festive mood.

And then, suddenly, for the first time since we had entered the lawn, Barney turned his head to look at me, and what he saw must have amused him greatly because the look on his face changed quite abruptly from one of sadness to one of unbridled joy. Craig began to laugh, and then the twins started snickering. Soon everyone had discovered the source of Barney's amusement, and all eyes were upon me. I then realized what they were laughing at.

"I thought I had problems," the big black man said to me, laughing heartily. "But look at you!"

Everyone had been so caught up in the excitement that my frightful condition had gone unheeded. But now, with the tension finally relieved, the remnants of the dried frosting on my face suddenly provided the crowd with some much-needed comic relief. As Charlotte approached me with a small hand mirror in her hands, I got to see exactly what had amused everyone so much.

What I saw was something that looked like a dried prune—a big, brown prune with two green eyes peeking out from behind a sticky chocolate mass that covered most of my face. Despite my aching legs, I burst out laughing at my ridiculous condition. I felt Ashley's hand gently caress my face with a wet towel, trying to help me remove the remainder of frosting that stubbornly refused to be dislodged. Mary Kate aided her sister, using her hands to extract large clumps of frosting from my hair. With their help, and with the aid of my team, I was soon looking good as new. It would be a long time before I laughed like that again.

************


Most of the following week I spent in the company of Craig, who graciously took me on a splendid sightseeing tour of Paris. I needed to get away from the chateau and the Sisterhood for a while, and his offer provided me with a welcome excuse. He proved to be very knowledgeable about French history and knew the topography of the city quite well, explaining that the ancient French people—the Gauls—had learned to make their excellent wines by cultivating grapes brought to France from Italy by their Roman conquerors. 

We spent our nights at his hotel room making love, but I still refrained from having intercourse. It must have been a frustrating experience for him, as it was for me, but I was just not ready to consummate our love. Part of the reason was that I was just plain scared. His penis was so huge that the thought of it entering me made me physically uneasy. I knew that we would eventually have intercourse, but my mind was as yet not ready to deal with it. He understood how I felt, and in his good-natured and loving way he accepted my decision with equanimity.

The final directive Phoebe gave to Angelique, and which was reluctantly obeyed, was to remove the bulk of her possessions from the chateau into an apartment in Paris. The movers had arrived a few days after Angelique had been ordered out, and with my aunt's help they loaded her daughter's remaining things into the truck and headed for the city.

I had no idea on what street Angelique was now living, nor did I care enough to ask my aunt. I was glad to have that malicious fiend out of the house and as far away from me as possible. I knew it hurt my aunt greatly to have evicted her own daughter, but she could no longer pretend that Angelique was anything but a walking horror intent on stepping on anyone who got in her way—including her own mother. I had consoled my aunt more than once in the days that followed, and sometimes I could hear her crying violently in her study at the oddest hours. It truly broke my heart.

During this time, Lenore, Justine, and Estelle took it upon themselves to entertain my aunt in whatever way possible, in order to help alleviate her pain. Their kindly solicitations must have been effective because by the time Friday rolled around the crying had ceased. In fact, at one point Lenore had gotten her to laugh, and that made my heart glad. I knew my aunt was still suffering inside, but she made a concerted effort to come to terms with the reality that was Angelique and began to act deferentially towards me, as though I had taken Angelique's place and become her surrogate daughter.

Quietly accepting this role by default, and seeing how it helped to restore some semblance of happiness within her, I did everything I could to cater to her, soon realizing that my efforts were producing visibly beneficial results. One evening, just as she was going to bed, she came to my room and held me close to her, as a mother does a child, and told me that God had not forsaken her because He had brought me into her life. I think the both of us cried for a very long time before the lateness of the hour forced us to say goodnight.

I had been in contact with both Mary Kate and Ashley during the course of the week and they told me that they were looking forward to coming to my aunt's official indoctrination ceremony, which was to take place over the weekend. The twins were busy officiating over a competition that was being held in Paris for some up and coming clothing designers—one of which was a young girl of nineteen who was a friend of Ashley's. During my last conversation with her, she told me that Mary Kate had a surprise in store for me. I asked her for a hint, but all she said was, "wait and see".

I awoke around 9:30 AM on Saturday and found my aunt, Lenore, Justine, and Estelle sitting at the kitchen table having breakfast together. All of them appeared to be in a very animated mood and I was happy to see that my aunt had once more resumed her normal composure. I wished everyone a good morning and prepared myself a bowl of cereal.

"Come and join us for breakfast, sweetheart," she said, inviting me to sit next to her. "Did you sleep well?"

"Yes, I did, auntie," I replied, taking my place by her side. "Thank you."

Justine eyed me for a few moments and then broke out laughing.

"What?" I said, addressing her. "What's so funny?"

"It's inconceivable that anyone could look so good first thing in the morning," she replied bemused.

"She's beautiful," Estelle said. "She doesn't have to work at it like we do."

"Beauty is as beauty does, ladies," Lenore offered, as she grabbed my hand and gave it a quick squeeze.

Estelle scoffed at the trite maxim. "Oh really, Lenore. We all know it's in the genes."

"Physical beauty, yes," Lenore replied. "But true beauty comes from within."

Justine groaned. "Wrong. True beauty comes from having parents who are beautiful. It's purely physical. That's the only kind of beauty anyone cares about."

"Well, what good is having physical beauty if your soul is corrupt?"

"Maybe you should ask Angelique that question," I blurted out without thinking.

I saw my aunt's face suddenly grow dark. The other women looked away and said nothing.

"I'm sorry, aunt Phoebe," I quickly apologized, taking her hand. "That was stupid of me. I didn't mean to..."

"It's all right," she replied generously. "It's true. Just bad timing."

She managed a smile and took a bite of her toast.

I felt horrible. I don't know what made me utter such a comment, but obviously my cousin had gotten under my skin to the point where I was thinking about her far too much. It wasn't so much the incident with the chocolate cake that made me upset; it was the fact that no one had heard anything about her for the past five days. She had briefly spoken to my aunt earlier in the week to let her know that she and her colleagues would not be attending the induction ceremony, but that was it. Her reluctance to maintain any form of correspondence with my aunt or any of the other Sisters made me worry greatly. I knew from past experience that my cousin's temporary excursions into willful hibernation ultimately led to trouble. Where and when that trouble would occur I could not foretell.

"It's going to be a wonderful ceremony, Phoebe," Lenore said, trying to lighten the mood. "It will be simple but elegant and all our traditional rituals will be observed. You're going to have a great time."

"I'm sure I will," my aunt replied. "I appreciate all the hard work you and the girls have done."

"Nonsense, Phoebe," Justine said. "It is our pleasure."

"And the nicest thing," my aunt continued, "is that Holly will be the one to present me with my robe."

"Yes," Lenore agreed. "It is tradition that the youngest among us fulfill that role. But technically, she shouldn't because she's not a full-fledged Sister."

"I don't want you to break the rules on my account," I said.

"Not at all," Lenore replied genially. "You are my chosen successor. And rank does have its privileges."

We sat around talking for another hour before Lenore and the others left to prepare for the ceremony, which was to take place at midnight in the main hall. Not being a Sister, I could not wear the traditional black robe with hood. However, Lenore told me that I could wear a black dress to be in keeping with the general décor of the ceremony. Beyond that, as her successor, I could do pretty much as I pleased.

Sisterhood members started arriving around 10:00 PM that night and the entire estate was soon abuzz with laughter and merriment. I could hear the cars pull up onto the great lawn abutting my window, and as I looked down onto the well-lit causeway beneath, I saw a bevy of black-robed women make their way across the lawn toward the south gate. I quickly finished dressing and headed for my aunt's bedroom, where I found her sitting on the edge of the bed looking forlorn.

"What's wrong?" I asked as I entered the room. "Aunt Phoebe?"

She looked at me with tear-filled eyes, clutching a small doll in her hands. "This... this silly thing was the first toy I ever bought for my daughter. She was such a wonderful little girl. So loving—so bright. I used to tell Pierre that she was like a ray of sunlight in a dark and dreary world. And if you could have seen her then, you would have certainly agreed." She examined the doll from several angles before letting it fall onto the bed beside her. "I can't believe that my own child, the flesh of my flesh, has fallen so far." At this point she broke down and started to cry in earnest. "Oh God, what am I going to do?" Covering her face with both hands, she gently let her body fall sideways onto the bed.

"Don't cry," I said consolingly, as I positioned myself on the bed next to her. "It's not your fault that she turned out the way she did. You mustn't blame yourself."

"Then who am I to blame? Pierre? What he did was reprehensible, yes, but I'm her mother. I should have been there for her and I wasn't. She told me so herself."

That would be like Angelique, I told myself. Guilt was a weapon she wielded against others with cunning yet brutal force. And my aunt had no defense for it.

"There's no way you could have foreseen what happened. You trusted your husband and he betrayed that trust."

"But I could have healer her. I could have made things better for her. I was too stupid or ignorant to see it."

"No, auntie. You gave her everything. Mom always told me how great a mother you were to Angelique. And the first time I came to France to see you, I saw it for myself. So please don't punish yourself for something that isn't true."

"But how, how did she turn into this grotesque creature?" my aunt retorted. "Why is she the way she is?"

"Auntie, you have to understand that not all abused children turn out to be monsters. Many lead normal and happy lives. They learn how to deal with it. But Angelique turned all that rage and hatred inside. And for years she has let it grow until it has become this giant, cancerous sore that turned her into what she is now. It's not your fault."

My aunt shook her head and positioned herself upright on the bed. "I want to believe you, Holly, I really do. But I can't help believe that I've failed her. And I don't think she will ever be my little girl again."

All my subsequent efforts to console her proved to be more or less ineffectual. At last, realizing that it was getting late, she washed her face, reapplied her makeup and presented herself to me as the aunt Phoebe I knew—strong, beautiful, full of life—even though I knew that beneath the façade of invincible cordiality beat a very troubled heart.

The ceremony commenced precisely at midnight with Lenore and her two assistants, Justine and Estelle, officiating. The main hall of the Masturbatorium was refurbished to resemble the Sisterhood's "Hall of Audiences" that had been demolished over a hundred years ago when the ancient building that housed it, and the precious stone framework upon which it was constructed, could not be salvaged in the wake of a citywide revitalization project. Many of the priceless Sisterhood artifacts were sold off to Sisterhood members throughout the world, and my aunt managed to acquire several interesting pieces that now adorned the walls and floors, such as the original tapestry that formed the backdrop of an impromptu altar upon which the sacrosanct "vessel of collection"—another relic of bygone days—stood in all its 24-karat-gold splendor.

There were roughly a few hundred women in attendance, and all were outfitted in the traditional black robe and hood of the Sisterhood. I understood from my aunt that the actual ceremony would not last more than an hour, after which everyone would be treated to a buffet held in an adjacent area of the main hall. No one but actual Sisterhood members were allowed at the ceremony, so Mary Kate, Ashley, Drew, Teri, and other celebrities were excluded, although they all would be attending the dinner party to follow. Even I was not really supposed to be in attendance, since I had not been officially indoctrinated into their Order. However, as Lenore's successor, no one would dare raise any objections to my presence.

Leading up to the altar was a long causeway that reminded me very much of a church aisle, fitted with a lush red carpet and chairs on either side. The only thing different about it was the addition of two panels of plexiglass that flanked each side of the aisle. The panels stood about eight feet in height and effectively prevented onlookers from having access to my aunt as she walked toward the altar. I had no idea why the barriers were there until I saw a party of naked men walk toward the artificial construction under the command of several Sisters, who indicated to each man where he was to stand along the length of the aisle. I counted 21 men in total; all physically fit and handsome young men positioned about 10 feet from each other all along the route my aunt would momentarily take.

As I watched Lenore take her place at the altar, she calmly addressed the audience, asking them to take their seats without delay. I found my way to the altar and sat beside Charlotte, who, along with several other older women whom I did not know, paid their respects to me with a slight nod of the head. The entire atmosphere seemed very somber until I heard a great roar of laughter emanate from the women sitting closest to the naked men.

"What the hell is going on?" I asked Charlotte as I strained to get a better view.

"The men are prepping themselves," she replied casually, yet with a hint of lasciviousness in her voice.

"Prepping?"

"They're jerking off," one of the older robed women muttered.

"Why are they doing that?"

Lenore laughed at my astonishment. "It's an ancient ritual called the "21-cum salute". As your aunt passes by each man, he has to shoot his load onto the glass. In olden times there was no glass, so the initiate's dresses got covered in sperm, effectively ruining them over time. We had to put a stop to that."

"So now we can watch the men show their respect for Phoebe without her getting soiled," Justine added. "I think you will be impressed with what you're going to see."

Charlotte laughed like a little girl, causing the other women nearest her to twitter away too.

"I don't understand," I said looking mystified. "What is the purpose of this whole thing?"

"The men are showing their loyalty to Phoebe, and all the Sisterhood, by their show of submission. When men are naked, they really have no power other than what we, their superiors, bestow upon them. Masturbating themselves for all of us to see is an act of total subservience."

I got up and moved in front of Justine. "They're erect already," I noted with amusement.

"And soon they'll be shooting their hot sticky sperm all over the place," laughed a robed figure on the far end of the altar. "It's the best part of the ceremony!"

"Relax Holly," Estelle said, adjusting the hood of her robe. "Enjoy the show."

I sat back down next to Charlotte and shortly thereafter Lenore began her speech. It was a simple diatribe, filled with anecdotes and reminisces of ceremonies gone by told in a somewhat bittersweet tone whose message seemed to connect with everyone in the hall. In all, the speech must have lasted only a few minutes, but when she was done speaking, the entire audience was laughing and cheering her on.

Then the music began. It was the simple refrain of a well-known church hymn that was far more suited to a wedding than a Sisterhood ceremony. And there, at the far end of the hall, two great doors opened and out walked my aunt, looking regally beautiful in her black silk gown fitted with long embroidered sleeves and train. It was in fact a wedding dress, but it was all black. The only thing that offset the somber ensemble was a string of pearls that hung daintily around her long neck.

All the heads in the audience turned around to watch her make her entrance into the hall. She stood completely alone, head and body erect and her gaze focused upon the altar. Immediately, the first few men began to stroke their cocks, priming them for release at the exact moment she passed by. And as she slowly made her way along the aisle, the first in a long series of ejaculations flew high into the air, splashing with great force upon the plastic barrier. Some of the sperm actually flew over the rim of the plexiglass, almost landing on my aunt. The audience was in hysterics.

"Oh, look at him!" one woman cried out several rows back. "Look at his face!"

The fourth man in line was now ready to surrender the fruit of his huge balls onto the plastic wall before him. Even my aunt, who was desperately trying to maintain her composure, had to stop and watch this man bring himself to climax before her. His hand motions were funny enough to watch, but his facial expressions were even funnier. My aunt watched him pump his huge prick with avid fascination for a few seconds and then burst out laughing, which sent the entire audience into an uproar.

The laughter seemed to enervate the man, who now jerked his prick with wild abandon. Standing at the edge of the altar, I had a birds-eye view of the entire scene. His eyes now completely shut tight, and his huge cock head, purple, bloated, and full of hot cum, was on the verge of relinquishing its pent-up juices for all the women to see.

"Go ahead and shoot that load!" Justine screamed from behind me.

That was all it took to coax a magnificent jet of white cream from the man. It splashed into the plastic wall with such force that several rivulets of cum were formed from the impact. This was followed by a succession of massive bursts of semen that made the wall look like someone had thrown a bucket of heavy cream onto it. I counted no less than a dozen volleys before it was over. He was greeted with a tremendous round of applause.

My aunt was laughing so hard she could barely walk. Meantime the other men were frantically pulling on their pricks, not wanting to let this minor incident disrupt their mental concentration.

Once again my aunt began to slowly walk down the aisle as the music swelled and the audience grew more boisterous. And then, suddenly, two huge groans were heard, quickly followed by two arcs of pearly white semen, shot simultaneously high up into the air and falling like two opalescent liquid missiles onto the plastic panels. The timing was perfect.

"It's rare that you see that!" Charlotte exclaimed, fascinated by the sight.

Lenore nodded her head in approval. "It's a good omen."

Arc after arc of hot sperm found its way onto the barrier as my aunt continued on her journey toward the altar. The plexiglass was now dripping with cum; the solemn libation paid to my aunt in the form of traditional Sisterhood male subservience.

As the final volleys of sperm adorned the plastic barrier, the man who would have provided the twenty-first ejaculation, but whom did not, escorted my aunt to the center of the altar where Lenore and I stood side by side. The audience, who only moments before were howling with unrestrained glee, were now completely silent, watching intently. Justine handed Lenore a long, black robe—the traditional robe of the Sisterhood—who, in turn, handed it to me.

"It is with great pride and pleasure that I, and all your Sisters, welcome you, Phoebe Anjou, into the folds of the Sisterhood," Lenore began in a fairly somber but musical cadence. "Accept the traditional robe and hood of our Order and wear it proudly."

My aunt thanked Lenore and the other Sisters as I helped her put the robe on. She was all smiles as the crowd erupted into an enormous round of applause.

"I am so overjoyed," she said, tears welling in her eyes. "Thank you—all of you. This is a great honor."

As I helped my aunt adjust her robe, Lenore invited her to speak to the audience.

"What should I say?" my aunt said, searching Lenore's face for a suggestion. It was one of those rare times that I found her at a loss for words.

"Oh, for heaven's sake," Lenore replied. "You, of all people, tongue-tied?"

"I'm...I'm just so overcome by all this." My aunt fidgeted with the folds of her robe for a few moments and seeing she was truly having difficulty, I grabbed her hand hard.

"Tell them thank you for coming," I said. "Tell them how great they all look. And tell them that dinner is waiting and that there's going to be some great entertainment tonight."

"Okay, okay, my little love," she said, forcing the words out. "This means so much to me. You have no idea."

I gave her a big hug and she seemed to suddenly collect herself as she turned to face the anxious crowd.

"My joy at being a Sister is such that words cannot adequately describe how I feel right now," she began. "I promise that I will always wear this robe with pride, with honor, and with dignity."

Before she could speak again, she was greeted with a round of applause. I could see the tears on her face and her voice faltered a few times. She quickly resumed.

"My niece wanted me to remind everyone that you all look just lovely tonight and that great food and entertainment await you in the main hall. Thank you. You have done me a great honor and I will always try to live my life in accordance with the ways of the Sisterhood."

As my aunt turned away from the roar of applause that followed her speech, Lenore, and all the Sisters in the immediate vicinity, rushed to congratulate her. I could tell that she was overwhelmed by the genuine feelings of goodwill that her colleagues were now bestowing upon her, and I was happy that this moment of joy accorded her in some small way compensated for the deficit of love from her estranged daughter.

After all the congratulations had been made, Lenore indicated that it was time for the final ceremonial ritual to take place. Ordering the twenty-first man in line to approach the altar, she took the golden chalice, or vessel of collection, and placed it into Phoebe's hands. She then instructed the man to kneel at the center of the altar facing the audience.

"Sisters," Lenore said, addressing the crowd. "This man, Andre, has proven himself worthy of this task by virtue of his undying loyalty and devotion to the Sisterhood. Our Sister Phoebe will now ceremoniously masturbate him until he ejaculates into the vessel of collection. This act symbolizes the submission of all men to the superior will of the female. Proceed Phoebe."

My aunt, knowing already what was required of her, knelt beside the handsome young man and began jerking his long shaft with rapid strokes. In a matter of seconds he was hard. The audience cheered her on with the lewdest remarks possible until the formidable looking weapon, almost a foot long now, was dripping pre-cum from its swollen, purple tip.

"Into the cup," my aunt reminded him. "All of it."

Andre's knees soon began shaking and his entire body grew taught.

"Keep the head out so we can watch it spurt!" a woman in the front row demanded.

Rich, hot cream shot out of his prick just then—stream after milky stream. I counted no less than twelve separate eruptions that quickly vanished into the waiting cup. My aunt's hand was a blur as she milked him with grim determination. The entire Sisterhood exploded into laughter at the sight.

"God, what a fucking load!" Estelle exclaimed, as the twelfth and final cum shot flew into the cup.

Lenore and all the other Sisters seemed very pleased by Andre's exceptional performance.

"Now, drink it!" the Sisterhood leader ordered the man.

Without so much as a hint of displeasure, Andre took the chalice from my aunt and solemnly lifted it to his mouth and drank down the salty, viscous broth. In one gulp the entire contents of the cup was drained. He handed the cup back to Phoebe, who showed the now empty vessel to Lenore and the crowd. They showed their appreciation with a thunderous roar of applause.

"Forever at our feet and at our beck and call," Lenore shouted joyously.

This now concluded the ceremony.

Lenore made one last closing speech and then the Sisters began a prompt but orderly march into the main hall. I walked arm and arm with my aunt who was now literally beaming with joy.

"I feel so good, so powerful," she said as she walked briskly toward the hall. "I only wish Angelique had been here to see it."

That statement was the only concession she made that entire evening to the caprices of her wayward child. For the most part, she exuded those personal qualities that had always set her apart from the average, from the norm. Becoming a full-fledged Sister was a tremendous achievement, and she would not allow any negative feelings to influence this special evening.

Upon entering the main hall, I was struck by two things: the delicious odor of superbly cooked food and a host of celebrities sitting next to the table where my aunt and I would be sitting. Mary Kate and Ashley looked beautiful in their respective black and white gowns. Drew wore a pink, satin affair with a long, white, feathered boa and looked quite stunning. And Teri was dressed in a royal blue gown that showcased her lovely long legs. I waved to each of them as we headed toward the dais. It seemed as if the entire room was brimming with fun and laughter. And then I realized why.

I noticed that there were other women—some of whom I recognized as celebrities, but not all—had been taking advantage of the free liquor while they had been waiting for the ceremony to end. These women culled around the table where Mary Kate and Ashley were now sitting and they looked like they were ready to party. Leaving my aunt for a moment, I ran over to the twins and other guests to say a quick hello.

"You guys look great!" I said, hugging Mary Kate and Ashley. "And you too Drew and Teri! I'm so glad you came."

"Are you kidding?" Drew said. "These things are too good to miss. How'd the ceremony go?"

"Fantastic!" I said. "I'll tell you guys all about it later."

"Any juicy details?" Teri asked with a wink.

"You could say that," I smiled coyly.

Mary Kate touched me on my arm. "Do you see those girls over there?" She pointed to the same women I had noticed moments before. "I hear they're going to be providing the entertainment tonight."

"And it's supposed to be very naughty!" Ashley laughed aloud.

"I assume it involves men?"

"Of course. "Doesn't it always?"

The dinner was delicious. I even went back to the buffet table for second helpings, which I normally don't do. It seemed as if all the excitement was making me ravenous.

Lenore was laughing and joking with Justine and Estelle, and a bunch of other women whom I did not know. My aunt, like me, preferred to keep her mouth stuffed with food rather than engage in any protracted conversations, regardless of how jovial they might be. I could sense that something was coming. I saw it in my aunt's eyes—that preoccupied look she always had whenever she was about to reveal something of libidinous importance.

It didn't take long for her to make her little secret known. As soon as the crowd hat eaten its full, she stood up and pointed in the direction of the same women Mary Kate had pointed out to me earlier. Suddenly the entire room fell silent.

"I have a little treat for all of you tonight," my aunt said, lifting her glass in the direction of the small group of mysterious women. "Most of you know of, or have met, my friend Dr. Christiana Swensen. For those of you who don't know who she is, I will tell you. She is a brilliant doctor who invented a drug called "EJAX-472," which helps men with infertility problems. The drug has been on the market now for over a year and has proven very beneficial. Well, she recently worked alongside her friend and research associate here in France to create a new and improved form of the drug called "EJAX-472AR," which greatly enhances the accuracy of sperm to reach the egg. The drug is still in the testing stage, but recent experiments with human subjects has shown to be extremely promising. And the woman who helped to develop this astounding drug is here with us tonight. May I present Dr. Adrienne Vassay!"

Dr. Vassay acknowledged my aunt with a nod of the head and a big smile. She was simultaneously greeted with a warm round of applause from all of us. She appeared very friendly and gracious. Although not beautiful in the conventional sense, she was nonetheless very pretty with a hard, tight body hidden underneath a skin-tight emerald-green evening gown. Her long, brunette hair fell gently to her shoulders and I noticed that her hands were delicate and very well groomed—her long, sexy fingers seemingly adept at clutching and holding onto whatever they might encounter. She lost no time in getting right to the point.

"How many of you here enjoy watching guys climax?"

She spoke good English, but with a heavy French accent.

I don't think anyone was prepared for such a direct question, and especially from a medical doctor who was a stranger to most of us. There was a brief pause while people murmured amongst themselves.

"All right then," she continued unperturbed. "How many of you would enjoy seeing a guy climax into another guys' mouth?"

That did it! Suddenly the room exploded with laughter and cheers in the affirmative.

My aunt laughed and took hold of my hand. "She may be a doctor, but she is a candidate in waiting for the Sisterhood, and you know what that means!"

I smiled. "It means she's depraved like the rest of us."

"Correct!"

Dr. Vassay, or "Adrienne," as she preferred to be called, gave the crowd a brief rundown of what she had planned for us that evening, and it had nothing to do with paying any particular attention to medical ethics. In fact, what she described was nothing short of a very lascivious, sexual performance of which the new and improved drug was to take center stage—the men only serving in the capacity of playthings for the excited women.

"I would like to bring the men out now, Phoebe," Adrienne requested.

On the orders of my aunt, twelve naked men walked into the room, one after the other, heads bowed in obedience. They made their way to the dais and formed a line in front of the table.

"Those who are going to ejaculate," said Adrienne walking toward them, "form a line here." She pointed to the area just to the left of the dais. "And those who are to catch the ejaculate, kneel here."

The men dutifully obeyed her, kneeling about ten feet from their counterparts who were now busily engaged in applying generous amount of lubricating cream to their quickly expanding cocks.

"What are they going to catch the ejaculate with?" inquired Brittany, a less luminous star in the constellations of celebrities.

"With their mouths of course," Adrienne said with a smirk.

"I can't wait to see this!" Charlotte said, giggling.

"We are going to create six teams," Adrienne told the crowd. "The woman who can direct the stream of ejaculate into the recipient's mouth is the winner. We will choose each masturbatrix by lot. Ladies, fill in the little cards on your tables with your full name and place them in the plastic containers before you."

As this was being done, my aunt took a moment to ask Adrienne what exactly the prize would be.

"Oh, yes, the prize!" the brunette laughed. "I'm sorry, I forgot. The prize are these men. All of them. You may use them in any way you wish."

Felicia, who had been sitting several tables away from us seemed to like the idea. "I could use another slave or two!"

The slips of paper were soon collected and the selection commenced with Adrienne dumping all the names into a large white bag.

"Okay, ladies," she said as she dipped her right hand into the bag. "Here we go."

The first name she called was a person none of us knew. Her name was Loni and she was a friend of Adrienne's. A tall, amiable blonde with big tits and a toothy grin, she seemed to symbolize all that was meant by the word "bimbo." She wore an ill-fitting blue crepe dress that was a few sizes to small for her, but it successfully emphasized her sizeable breasts.

Adrienne instructed Loni what to do and the contest was underway.

I almost laughed when the blonde girl, probably not much older than I was, fumbled with the ten-inch cock she was trying to masturbate. The prick was already rock hard but she had some difficulty wrapping her smallish fingers around it. Finally, she decided to switch hands and began stroking him up and down very fast, with hardly any care as to the man's comfort.

"When you are ready to cum," she told the man, "let us know. And you," she said to the kneeling man, "you will open your mouth wide open to catch the sperm—hopefully."

It only took the man about a minute to succumb to Loni's roughly delivered handjob. She giggled all the way through the performance, happily chewing her gum and blowing bubbles with it now and then as she casually and indifferently forced him to release his creamy cum.

Suddenly, the man groaned aloud and thrust his hips forward violently. At the same time, the kneeling man opened his mouth and moved his head slightly forward in anticipation.

Everyone gasped as the first volley of sperm shot out of his cock, flying completely over the kneeling man's head and landing on Adrienne herself, who was standing directly behind him. The cumshot had traveled just over 12 feet.

"We should have used him in the contest!" my aunt shrieked.

The second and third volleys did not even reach half the distance of his first ejaculation, and everyone seemed disappointed. Loni released the man's cock and rejoined the group of women accompanying Adrienne. Her face barely registered any emotion.

The next name was chosen and it was none other than my aunt herself. The women went wild.

"Give it the old college try, girl!" Lenore laughed, as my aunt approached the second naked man in line and began pulling on his longish dork.

The guy was probably about 30 years old and unremarkable looking. However, his prick was thin and easily handled by my aunt, who masturbated him furiously. In less than thirty seconds she had him firing off salvo after salvo of hot, creamy cum.

"This is such fun!" she commented as she stroked him hard.

All of the first four ejaculations hit the kneeling man in the face, but none entered his open mouth. It amused all of us to see him take facial after facial—in the eyes, the hair, his neck, and even in one of his ears, but no sperm found its way into his mouth. My aunt sighed.

"Oh, well," she said resignedly. "I'll have to practice some more!"

The kneeling man was given a towel to wipe the spunk from his face and was quickly replaced by the third man in line.

Adrienne reached once more into the container and withdrew a name.

"Teri!" she called out. "Who is Teri?"

The beautiful brunette stood up and clapped her hands together in joy. "There's only one here!" she laughed.

As she walked briskly toward the third naked man, her celebrity cohorts cheered her on.

"You can do it, Teri!" shouted Drew, now finally succumbing to the effects of one too many martinis.

"Go for it!" Mary Kate yelled out, barely able to keep herself from laughing. "Let's see those ropes!"

Teri towered over the naked man in her high heels. She was a full head taller than he was and gave her the appearance of an Amazon. She wasted no time grabbing his erect prick, proceeding with slow, deliberate strokes and looking into his eyes now and then to gauge his reactions. The man himself was probably about 5' 6" tall and very cute, with dark hair and dark eyes. He looked at her intently, overcome by her beauty and commanding physical stature.

By the time she reached the two-minute mark, the crowd began to urge her on, imploring her to increase her speed in order to get him to cum.

"Okay, okay," she laughed, as she put all her effort into it. "He's going to shoot any second now!"

And she was right. Without any warning the small man began to erupt in long stringy jets of semen that flew out of his cock with wild abandon. It happened so fast that it was hard to tell exactly where the sperm was landing. After the sixth or seventh spurt it was obvious none of the ejaculate had landed in the correct spot.

"You got it all over his stomach and legs!" she gently reprimanded the man.

"Better luck next time, Teri!" Ashley said, as she took a sip of wine from her glass.

The fourth name was then chosen and it was none other than Adrienne herself.

She reacted with unique astonishment. "This can't be," she said staring at the paper with her name on it. "I did not enter the lottery."

Loni laughed. "I put your name on the card, Adrienne. Go ahead. Give it a try."

At first reluctant, the women in the crowd encouraged her to join in the fun, which she did, somewhat sheepishly. "I want you all to know that I had nothing to do with this."

"It's okay, Adrienne," Lenore shouted over the din. "Show us what you can do."

Taking the fourth man's prick in her right hand, Adrienne began to pull on it with gentle, yet rapid, strokes. She did not maintain a firm grip on his penis, but rather employed a very light touch, just brushing his flesh ever so gently yet consistently. Her fingers were as white as marble with fine blue veins running through the top of her hand. It took only ten seconds to get him off.

A long jet of nasty man paste flew out of the man's penis, and flew right over the kneeling man's left shoulder, striking some woman on her foot. And that was it. No more sperm followed. Adrienne let go of his prick in disgust and walked away.

"I think you need to work on your technique!" Lenore screeched.

Adrienne ignored the comment and quickly chose another name. "Do we have an Emily here?"

"Yes, you do!" I heard a woman yell from far back in the crowd.

Emily was one of the elder Sisters, who looked as if she were nearing retirement age. Her face and body were in quite good condition for her age and she seemed very happy to have been chosen. She ambled up to the fifth naked man and immediately took possession of his fat dick

"I'm ready," she said, looking a little tipsy.

"Well don't just stand there you drunken sod!" Lenore hollered. "Start jerking!"

I would have easily voted Emily's harrowing, yet hysterical, handjob the highlight of the evening if it were not for what was soon to follow. As it was, she barely got the guy to cum because her hand kept flying off his huge shaft. And each time this happened, she made the funniest faces, which broke everybody up. At one point, Ashley, who was drinking a white wine spritzer, had the misfortune of looking up when Emily was making one of her most ridiculous poses, causing the twin to literally spit out her drink into the waiting face of Drew, who herself was laughing uncontrollably. The high point was when Emily finally got the guy to shoot off. I think it took her about five minutes to provoke an orgasm, and the volleys, voluminous as they were, all failed to hit their intended target.

The final name was now drawn. Adrienne made it clear that if there were no winner, they would have to move on to the final part of the entertainment.

"Ashley? Where is she?"

I saw a big smile come across Ashley's face as her name was called. She was the more demure of the two but, like her more hedonistic sister, she too had a lascivious side, if not readily apparent or readily displayed. With some urging from Mary Kate, she got up from her chair and slowly walked over to the naked man. He was cute and rather tall with blonde hair and light green eyes. His penis was not huge by any means, but it was quite thick, and his balls seemed oversized.

Ashley looked at the erect cock and sperm-swollen balls and let out a short giggle.

"What are you staring at it for?" Mary Kate teased her sister. "We want to see those big ropes of cum! Make him shoot it in the other guy's mouth!"

With some encouragement from the crowd, Ashley took hold of the guy's prick and gently rubbed it from tip to base, laughing as she did so. The kneeling man remained frozen in place, waiting patiently for the possible unsavory libation. I could tell that the man being masturbated was enraptured with the young beauty, as with each stroke he tried to bring his face closer to hers. She didn't restrain him, but instead let her lips brush his cheeks gently, at one point even kissing him softly on the ear. 

A few minutes of constant tugging finally produced the desired result. Seeing he was on the verge of orgasm, Ashley ran her hand up and down his shaft with lightning speed, making the man gasp as his lower body lurched forward.

"I'm coming!" the man screamed.

At the same instant, Adrienne indicated that the kneeling man should open his mouth, and he did this none to soon as a huge wad of sticky sperm shot out of the tortured cock and flew straight into the recipient's open mouth. We all roared our approval as not one, but three, shots of hot cum found their mark, causing the kneeling man to spit up the frothy white brew. Even after the first three shots had landed, the man continued to spurt more cum high into the air, sending Ashley, her sister, and all of us into throes of laughter.

"Well done, Ashley!" Adrienne said, congratulating the young girl with a pat on the back. "You are our champion!"

Ashley raised her sperm soaked hands in victory to the cheers of the crowd and then sat down next to Mary Kate who graciously offered her a bunch of napkins to wipe off the stringy mass of sperm still clinging to her body. She was still laughing at what she had just done, but I could tell she was sexually turned on by it too.

During the next hour we enjoyed desert and coffee and the small talk that usually pervades the atmosphere when people have not seen each other for long periods of time. I sat with my celebrity friends, using the opportunity to find out what new film projects they were involved in and how their personal lives were going.

"Most of what they write about us is lies," Drew said disparagingly. "Don't you agree Teri?"

"Absolutely. It's all about taking a tiny bit of truth and extrapolating it into infinity."

"We use the rags to light up our fireplace," Mary Kate noted.

"I guess it must be very hard dodging the paparazzi all the time," I said to her.

"It's horrible. Sometimes I just can't handle it. Ask Ash. She almost had to hit a guy with her pocketbook to get him out of her face."

Ashley shook her head and made a fist. "I really wanted to punch him in the mouth," she said. "He was so rude. He called me a little bitch because I wouldn't give him a smile. Screw you!"

"Sometimes you just don't feel like smiling," Mary Kate added, forlornly.

By the time the next round of entertainment was announced, most everyone in the crowd was drunk, or close to it. Mary Kate and Ashley had paced themselves in regards to their consumption of alcohol, but they definitely had a buzz on. Drew and Teri had managed to hold their own and I was sticking to soft drinks because I knew that too much alcohol would make me sick.

It was now close to 3:00 a.m. and I was beginning to feel a bit tired, but enervated nonetheless. I had truly enjoyed getting a chance to really spend some time with the twins, Drew, and Teri. My aunt seemed to be having a wonderful time with Lenore and all her friends. It was nice to see her smiling again after the awful time Angelique had put her through.

Suddenly the volume in the hall began to swell with cheers and laughter and all the women began looking toward the direction of the main doors. Adrienne and her small group of friends quickly stood up started to applaud. I could not tell what was going on, but they all seemed very excited about something.

"What is it?" Teri asked a woman who was standing next to her.

"Oh, my god!" was all the woman said, her gaze fixed on some distant object.

We all immediately stood up to see what the fuss was about. Mary Kate and Ashley, due to their diminutive size, could see nothing, while Drew and I struggled to gain a vantage point by standing on our toes. It was useless. We were too far back to see anything. Only Teri was tall enough to see over the sea of heads in front of us, and she turned to us with her mouth fixed in a huge grin.

"He's coming this way!" she exclaimed. "Just wait a minute! You can't miss him! Oh, my god! Here he comes!"

"What? What the fuck are you talking about?" Drew demanded. "Teri!"

She tried to jump up onto a chair but there was no need to now. Because just as Drew lifted one leg onto the chair, her mouth fell open and she literally fell into my arms screaming with laughter. And then I saw it and did the same thing. It took a few more moments before Mary Kate and Ashley could see what we were seeing, and they too nearly fell on the floor in fits of sheer hysteria.

Towering over the teeming mass of women now scrambling to get near him stood a 7-foot-tall black man dressed as though he had just returned from some tribal raiding party. I learned later that he was a Masai warrior and a native of Kenya. He was quite handsome, with a long torso and very muscular build. He wore a red cloak decorated with some interesting aboriginal motifs and around his neck hung a massive silver necklace that covered the upper portion of his torso. But the most intriguing part of his costume was the unusual headdress he wore. The outer layer was a heavy purple cloth that was adorned with precious and semi-precious jewels. And in the middle stood a 2-foot replica of an erect penis made of onyx, with two huge testicles supporting it at its base. He introduced himself to the excited crowd as "King Matumba" but that was all he could say as his English was nonexistent.

It took a good fifteen minutes for the crowd to settle down and only at the insistence of Lenore. The man had done nothing but walk around the hall smiling and speaking in his native tongue and the people adored him. It all seemed surreal.

Once the women had quieted down somewhat and King Matumba safely surrounded by the Sisterhood leaders, Adrienne let everyone in on the surprise.

"Ladies, you are in for a treat tonight," she began, eyeing the giant. "Although King Matumba understands only very little English, he wants you all to know that he is delighted to be here and to perform for you."

"What does he do?" asked one of the Sisters sitting closest to Adrienne.

"You'll see in just a moment."

Adrienne then indicated to King Matumba with a series of hand gestures and simple English that he should begin his performance.

Without hesitation, the Masai warrior removed his headdress and necklace and put them aside. He then proceeded to remove his long robe. Undoing the belt that held the robe together, he let it fall to the floor in a graceful fashion, not in the least bothered that he was now standing before us completely nude.

As the robe fell from his shoulders a chorus of moans rose up from the crowd mixed with heavy sighs and some intermittent laughter. Many of the women, including my friends and I, could not see what was causing such a reaction because of the women in front of us who were blocking our view. Frustrated, Teri stepped onto the chair to get a better look and as soon as her eyes landed on the naked man she turned to us and shrieked.

"Two fucking feet! I swear! Oh, my god!"

Her reaction was soon duplicated by many others in the room.

"What's two feet?" I demanded. "What?"

"His cock! His cock!" she screeched. "It's all the way down to his knees!"

Upon hearing this, I, along with the twins and Drew, fought our way to the front of the now enervated crowd. After much pushing and shoving, we finally got to see what Teri only hinted at. It's true that his cock was literally hanging to his knees, and it did appear to be roughly two feet long. But even more astounding than that was the girth of his penis, which seemed almost twice the size of my forearm. And even still more incredible was the size of his testicles, which were easily at least as big as ripe cantaloupes. Any place in the universe he would have been considered a freak of nature, but to have him standing here on earth, and only several feet away from us, was something the mind could not fully comprehend.

"Jesus!" Mary Kate exclaimed, as she surveyed the monstrosity hanging between King Matumba's legs. "Is that thing for real?"

"I think it is," I replied, overcome with awe at the sight of his humongous tool.

Ashley didn't say a word. She simply looked on with dumb astonishment.

Adrienne directed King Matumba to sit on an elongated bench, which I assume had been especially provided for the giant man. Seating himself with graceful ease, he smiled at the crowd of women milling around him and casually began to stroke his cock. He appeared to feel absolutely no embarrassment in his endeavor, seeming to thrive on the attention he was getting from the drunken women who were now reacting with wild abandon at his risqué performance.

"Is that it?" Teri asked, coming up from behind me. "We're gonna watch this guy jerk off? That's it?"

"Knowing my aunt, I doubt it."

"Oh, look!" Drew squealed. "Somebody's giving him a hand."

Sure enough, one of the women, obviously very drunk, had taken his massive piece of meat in her hands and was masturbating him wildly. I recognized her as one of my aunt's acquaintances, a tall, leggy brunette whose name I couldn't remember. I doubted that she would be able to get his ridiculously oversized prick to surpass the vertical, but she did manage to get him hard in just under a few minutes and it did seem to be elevated a few inches. King Matumba thanked her for her help and then took control of his prick himself, raising the tip of it slowly upward until it just touched the underside of his chin. The entire audience roared with laughter, surmising what he was going to do.

To the shouts and cheers of the animated crowd of women, King Matumba lowered his head down onto his cock while simultaneously opening his mouth to accommodate the huge, ebony shaft. At first, only the head disappeared. But moments later we all watched in fascination as his mouth slowly advanced by degrees over the vast terrain of tubular flesh, his lips pulled back to their limit as his head came to rest once he had reached the three-inch mark. Cries of astonishment resonated throughout the hall as the auto-fellatist exhaled all the air from his stomach and contracted his muscles so that he was able to lower his head further still until a full six inches of his penis was completely engulfed down his throat.

"I love it!" Drew cried, laughing heartily at the sight.

"I wonder what he's going to do," Ashley said, turning to me but without taking her eyes off the giant.

"I'll tell you what he's going to do," Mary Kate smirked. "He's going to cream in his mouth. Guaranteed."

"Do you think he's going to swallow it all or let some of it shoot out?" Ashley inquired.

"I hope he swallows some and then lets the rest of it shoot up into the air so we can see it. I hear some of these tribal guys can really come gallons."

Teri giggled like a little girl. "I would love to see his cock do that!"

"He certainly has the balls for it," I noted wryly.

Mary Kate nodded her assent. "I think we're going to see some serious ropes tonight girls."

"Ropes?" Drew asked.

"Yeah, ropes," Mary Kate said. "Ropes of cum."

Drew looked at me and chuckled softly. "That's funny!"

King Matumba's head was now bobbing up and down on his sperm-swollen shaft with ferocious speed, never once breaking his stride. He seemed oblivious to everything except the insanely huge dong he was savagely sucking. This must have gone on for several minutes until it was becoming apparent that he would not last much longer. The crowd went into a chant just as he was coming up for air.

"We want to see the cum!" the women roared over and over again.

"I advise everyone to stand well back," Adrienne warned the audience. "He will try to swallow it all, but if he cannot, then watch out!"

Despite her admonitions, no one listened to a word she said. The women were now so drunk that they simply did not care. They just wanted to see this handsome giant of a man suck his own dick until it shot its load in his mouth.

"Suck, suck, suck!" some of the women screamed.

Soon others picked up the chant and the King responded by accelerating his tempo. I watched as his huge balls began to heave back and forth as they now were filled to capacity with sperm. As they rose up toward the base of his prick, I knew he was going to cum. And so did everyone else.

"I can't wait to see this," Teri cried anxiously as she grabbed her pocket camera and began taking pictures.

"We want to see ropes, King Matumba!" Mary Kate hollered over the din. "Lots and lots of ropes!"

Of course he couldn't hear her. As he sucked on his prick ever more frantically, the women sensed he was on the verge of an imminent explosion and went into an uncontrollable rant.

"Cum, cum, cum!" they cried as his entire body tensed for the release of sperm.

Suddenly he drew his head up, just leaving the tip of his prick in his mouth.

"Here it comes, Ash!" Mary Kate laughed wickedly.

Ashley said nothing until it became obvious the man was now in the throes of an enormous climax. As soon as she saw his cheeks inflate with the first onrush of sperm, she let out a howl and grabbed her sister's arm with joy.

"You were right!" she exclaimed. "Look, he can't swallow it all down. It's dripping out of his mouth!"

Mary Kate just stood still, smiling that seductive smile of hers, as if she didn't need to hear from her sister that her prediction was accurate. "Here come the ropes everybody!" she laughed aloud.

A few moments later and King Matumba, pulling quickly back from his own wildly spurting tool, spit out a pint of his own freshly spewed semen. His mammoth cock was now unfettered and allowed to swing freely back and forth, succumbing to the erratic muscular contractions of his ejaculating penis.

The first load of sperm jettisoned from his prick with enormous force, shooting straight up in the air above his head and landing behind him. The next two shots flew left and right into the crowd, his penis jerking wildly back and forth, completely under the control of its own volatile pulsations.

The King groaned loudly as he was gripped by a series of explosions. We watched in awe as the giant dork spewed forth a torrent of hot, white seed. The ejaculations were some of the most impressive I had ever seen—some even more splendid than what I had witnessed during the "Long Shots" contest. To the accompaniment of Mary Kate's incessant screaming of "ropes, ropes," all of us laughed with glee as the abandoned schlong fired off salvo after salvo of white paste into the crowd, the long, thick, stringy shots of cum forming an opalescent display that made everyone gasp.

I think I counted fifteen separate spurts of cum launched from the King's excited tool, one fired off directly toward Ashley and which she deftly avoided by sidestepping at the last second. Instead, the errant blast made contact with the woman behind her, hitting her squarely in the face. And still the two-foot wonder continued to fire off its menacing load.

The crowd was thrilled beyond belief watching the King's exceptional performance. I soon lost count of his ejaculations and simply enjoyed watching him cum, sometimes firing his hot sperm into the air and sometimes watching it splash into some nearby woman.

"This is fucking great!" Drew cried, clapping her hands together.

"I know, isn't it?" Teri agreed, as she continued snapping pictures.

The twins were laughing so hard by now that I couldn't speak to either of them. Huge blasts of cum were still shooting out of the King's prick and the women were loving it. By the time he was finished, he had ejaculated more than any other man I had ever seen. As the last in a series of increasingly diminishing spurts finally subsided, King Matumba thanked the audience and was led out of the hall by a group of Sisters. The applause was deafening.

"Thank you, Adrienne," Lenore said, rising from her seat. "That was...enlightening!"

Adrienne took a bow and I watched as she was enveloped by the crowd of satisfied onlookers. I could only think of how jealous Craig and Barney would have been had they seen King Matumba perform. I knew it was something I would never forget.

It was now 4:00 a.m. and I was beginning to feel very sleepy. I said my goodbyes to my aunt, Lenore, and all my friends and headed out the door of the main hall. Mary Kate and Ashley accompanied me out of the gate and I walked them both to their waiting limo.

"Ash and I are having a party at our place this coming Wednesday evening," Mary Kate said. "I'd really love it if you could come."

"Oh, yes, and you have to bring Craig and Barney too!" Ashley insisted.

"They're both in Cannes. What kind of party is it?" I inquired.

"A fashion party," Mary Kate replied. "We have a new line of men's clothes we want to audition before some of our friends."

"Please come, Holly," Ashley said, grabbing my hand. "It's going to be great. Drew and Teri are coming, and a lot of other famous people will be there."

I felt as if I were being maneuvered into accepting their invitation by the insistent tone of their voices. It seemed as if they were holding something back, but I decided to play their game and let myself be surprised.

"Okay, I'll come," I said genially.

"Oh, and we're going to the Le Trois restaurant tomorrow night," Mary Kate said. "Just me and Ash. It's a special kind of place and we have a booth reserved for us. Can you come?"

"I don't have anything planned for tomorrow. Sure, let's do it."

Ashley smiled coyly. "There's a waiter there who can do amazing things with his penis. It's hysterical. You'll love it."

"After what we just saw, I don't think anyone can come close to King Matumba."

"Don't be so sure," she replied, with a serious air.

The two girls shared hugs and kisses with me and were whisked away in their limo just as I slowly ambled through the front door of the chateau, quite tired yet genuinely happy.

************


Pierre Anjou, despite some of his more plebian qualities, had a profound sense of curiosity that had not abandoned him since he was a child. His inquisitiveness almost led him to choose a career in the hard sciences, but his love of money and power superseded such lofty pursuits. Yet he did manage to maintain a keen interest in his boyish fascination with astronomy, aiming his rather modest telescope at the skies every now and then, keenly observing the vast, cold, stellar vista whose majesty was only partially discernable to his eyes with a child's sense of wonder.

A more earthbound corollary was found in his ardent devotion to the study of everything avian, especially those birds that inhabited the area of the forest that encompassed his ex-wife's estate. Several times each month he would train his high-powered binoculars on the local bird population, spending hours just watching and cataloging a resplendent array of species whose study afforded him a welcome, if not brief, respite from his personal troubles.

On one such bird-watching expedition he had focused his binoculars upon what he imagined was something flickering in the branches of a large tree some yards away. At first he thought it might be some squirrels running along the tree limbs, but there was no sound, just a slender ray of light that reflected off the leaves at intervals.

Moving closer to investigate, he began to hear a subdued murmur of voices emanate from that area of the forest he knew to be long overgrown with dense vegetation and nearly impossible to pass. He moved quietly through the undergrowth, avoiding the thickest part of the vegetation by circumnavigating it in hopes of finding a clearing further along the way. At one point he saw a piercing flash of light that seemed blinding in its luminance, but this quickly died away, leaving his eyes unfocused and blurred by unpleasant afterimages that sometimes occurs when one looks into an exploding flashbulb. For a moment he paused, not wishing to reconnoiter until he could focus his eyes once more.

Presently, he heard the clatter of metal upon metal; a dull, persistent hammering that was accompanied by the strident, high-pitched voice of a woman growing increasingly impatient. He now got to his feet and determinedly made his way toward the direction of the voice, forced to keep his distance by the tangle of spidery flora that blocked his way.

And then, when the vegetation would allow him to go no further, he noticed a small aperture that had been cut through the thick, green mass and which appeared no wider than three or four feet, but wide enough for him to crawl through on all fours. Crouching down on his hands and knees, he slowly guided his body through the prickly tunnel of weeds and dense overgrowth and found himself looking upon a small clearing, devoid of trees and grass and completely and safely ensconced within a greater tangle of wild and omnipresent vegetation.

And in the middle of this clearing stood a very old edifice that rose up over twenty feet high from its massive concrete base, its roof still partly draped over with pervasive, dark-green, ivy tendrils. One of its huge and ponderous iron doors had been ripped from its hinges and now leaned diagonally on one side against the wall. Even with the aid of his binoculars, he could see nothing beyond the entrance but sheer darkness.

This structure, he recalled, could be nothing more than the bunker built by the Germans during the Second World War. But from what he had been told by those from whom he purchased the property years ago, it had completely caved in and was buried under more than a half century of vegetation: obsolete, inaccessible, and best left untouched. He had never bothered to investigate what he believed would have been a dangerous and foolhardy enterprise, so he contented himself to overlook the ancient structure and concentrate his efforts on more pressing utilitarian matters while the weeds continued their obdurate course in overrunning the bunker into ever greater stages of obscurity.

He wondered why Phoebe would have bothered to undertake such a task, having expressed absolutely no interest in the bunker and knowing that such an excavation would avail nothing. It made no sense.

Suddenly he heard voices emanating from a point just beyond his field of view. Dragging his body closer to the mouth of the opening, he now saw what it was that had captured his attention. And what he saw amazed him.

Seven or eight women—young women he thought, maybe in their early 20s or so, and all wearing a modicum of clothing—were gathered around an apparatus of some unknown design and were in the process of putting it together under the guidance of a gesticulating blonde-haired girl. Sometimes she spoke to them in French and sometimes in English, but her intent was very clear. She seemed to have grown impatient with the general incompetence of the group and was now demanding that they get it right or be punished.

He raised his binoculars to his eyes and his mouth fell open. Catching himself just before he made the foolish error of uttering a cry, he lowered the binoculars from his face and swore quietly under his breath. He recognized the stern and threatening supervisor as none other than his wayward daughter, Angelique. She was dressed in a pair of white tennis shorts and a pink blouse. On her head was a white cap and she wore sunglasses that seemed too big for her face. Her feet were bare.

"You fucks better get this thing working by 6:00 PM or I'll make each of you go for a ride on it!" the angry young woman exclaimed as she stamped the ground with her foot.

"What the hell is this?" Pierre muttered to himself.

Again he peered through the binoculars, hoping that an increase in his visual acuity would somehow increase his comprehension of what was going on. From what he could tell, the women were engaged in assembling a rather massive device that seemed to evoke images of some bygone terror. As he watched them work, he noticed that the source of the light, which had led him on his quest in the first place, was nothing more that the reflection of the sun upon the shiny, metallic surface of the machine's most nethermost projection: a mysterious and intimidating set of metal arms that looked as if they could ensnare even the most powerful of men.

The women worked assiduously, never once stopping to take a break as long as their superior was watching over them. Despite his wariness, Pierre couldn't help but laugh derisively as he watched his daughter boss everyone about as if she were a commandant in a prisoner-of-war camp. He knew the Sisterhood was a strange and misguided group of misfits, but what had compelled Phoebe to undertake such a thing? What person in their right mind would have gone through the effort and expense to refurbish an old, decrepit, and potentially dangerous bunker? Phoebe had always maintained a marked disinterest, and even a morbid distaste, at the thought of resurrecting the remnants of a sleeping behemoth that represented, to her, the symbol of a far more cruel and unenlightened age. Such blatant and militaristic artifacts of warfare were simply alien to her refined sensibilities. He settled back on his side to continue viewing the proceedings with a curious eye.

Pierre had no idea what they were assembling, but the sight of the thing, even in its intermediate stage of construction, made him feel very uncomfortable. Maybe it was those long, menacing metal arms that gave him pause, or maybe it was its sheer size, standing well over 8 feet in height and containing a large, central aperture through which he imagined a human body could pass through. Whatever it was, he felt an instinctive repugnance toward it.

He once more raised his binoculars to his eyes, hoping to find an answer to the purpose of this enigmatic machine. And just as the first, faint glimmer of understanding reached his brain, he felt something rise up in his throat like the remnants of an unsuccessfully digested meal. The binoculars fell from his hands and, stifling a cry, he hurriedly forced his body backward through the leafy tunnel. Once upon his feet, he began to retrace his steps through the forest in the direction from which he came. As he quickly made his way once again through the dense underbrush, he came to two distinct conclusions: that his ex-wife was almost certainly unaware of what was going on, and that his daughter, whatever clandestine motives she now entertained, would seek to keep it that way. There was no doubt in his mind. Phoebe would have to be told.

************


Le Trois was the name of restaurant in the heart of Paris, long known for catering to an upscale clientele, and even more so for the questionable antics sometimes performed under its roof by some of its most prominent and kinky patrons. It was also a place where the rich and famous could go and be left relatively in peace as they dined on sumptuous, but vastly overpriced fare. It had been in existence since the middle 1960s, and had grown in reputation ever since, acting as a watering hole for artists, musicians, writers, actors, and all sorts of celebrities from around the world. My aunt Phoebe was a frequent customer, but I had never seen the place until now.

I had been told to meet Mary Kate and Ashley at 8:00 PM, and had arranged for a cab to take me into the city, the twins promising me a ride home. As I entered the foyer, I was greeted by the hostess who immediately took me to the far end of the main dining room and led me through another door leading into a relatively small area with only one large circular table and several chairs surrounding it. I noticed that there was another door behind where the table stood, presumably opening out into yet another room.

"Here I am!" I announced, as I walked briskly toward my dining companions.

Both girls raised their glasses in salute as the hostess sat me at the table.

"Right on time as usual!" Ashley noted with a hint of gaiety in her voice.

"I hate people who are always so precise," Mary Kate said half-mockingly. "Life doesn't run like a clock."

Ashley laughed. "Have you ever noticed, Holly, that Mary Kate seldom wears a watch?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact," I replied. "I don't like wearing them much either."

I showed them both my bare wrists.

"See!" Mary Kate said to her sister. "She's just like me."

The younger twin poured herself some champagne and took a long swig. Ashley waited until her sister finished drinking and then looked me fully in the face.

"You're not like her, are you?"

She said this with feigned distaste.

"Well, I really do hate to wear watches on my wrists, but I always have my cell phone with me, and my blackberry."

Ashley grinned at her sister. "Not so much like you after all is she?"

Mary Kate shrugged. "I don't think I can stand two anal-retentive people in my presence at one time."

"Deal with it," Ashley said, cajolingly.

The waiter, a handsome man in his late twenties, entered the room just at that moment and asked us if we were ready to order. His name was Anton, and the girls and I were instantly taken by his great charm and good looks. We began to make small talk with him even as we placed our orders. After he left the room, Mary Kate giggled and confessed to me that I was in for a treat.

"He's the guy we told you about. You know. The one who can do tricks with his penis."

A look of horror came across my face. "Please don't tell me he's going to do his act during diner or else I'll puke!"

Both girls laughed simultaneously. "No, no, no," Ashley said. "After dinner and downstairs in the café."

I relaxed a little after that. The last thing I wanted to think of was seeing a pubic hair in my food.

The dinner was exceptionally good, and after having imbibed a full glass of wine, unusual for me, I felt a little precocious. When Anton came back out to present us with our check, I couldn't help but speak aloud what was on my mind.

"So," I said to him, my voice somewhat slurred, "I hear you're the guy with the magic schlong!"

He looked at me for moment with puzzlement until Mary Kate pointed directly at his cock.

"Oh!" he laughed. "Oui mademoiselle! Schlong. Penis. I understand. Yes. I can do tricks with my dick."

"I'm looking forward to seeing it."

"And I am happy to oblige," he replied as he placed the check on the table. "Showtime is in twenty minutes."

"I hope you have refrained from masturbating," Mary Kate said to him.

"Oh, oui, yes. I have not had an orgasm for seven days."

Both sisters tittered with joy.

"You know what that means?" Ashley squealed.

"Enormous amounts of cum?" I asked, looking the waiter in the eyes.

"Exactly. This guy can toss some mean ropes."

"How do you say it in French?" Mary Kate asked the waiter.

"Le jus cordage," he replied.

Ashley insisted on paying the bill, but I dutifully let a tip. Anton, after having returned with her credit card, told us that he had to get ready for his performance and was looking forward to seeing us in the audience.

"We have seats in the front row." Ashley told him. "Just do me a favor and point your cock away from us when you cum."

"I will mademoiselle. Do not worry," he assured her.

Mary Kate was checking her face in a hand mirror. "Anton, would you mind showing us one of your tricks now?"

"Well, mademoiselle," he began, reluctantly. "I don't know..."

"We'll leave you a very big tip."

"Come on, Anton," Ashley insisted. "One little trick, please."

"Yeah," I added. "Show us."

To reinforce her promise, Mary Kate threw down a handful of bills on the table, which Anton clearly appreciated.

"I think I just have enough time," he said as he removed his belt and let his pants and then his underwear fall to his knees. "Now watch closely."

His penis seemed quite average to me as all three of us stared at it. But then again, it was still in its flaccid state. After thirty seconds nothing seemed to be happening.

"So, what's the trick?" I asked him.

"Give him a minute," Mary Kate replied. "He has to concentrate."

As the seconds ticked by, something indeed was happening: his penis was beginning to get hard.

"Oh, look at that!" Ashley chuckled as Anton's cock rose perpendicular to the floor. "See how long it's getting? And without any stimulation at all."

It was true. As the three of us focused our eyes on his cock, it began to swell by imperceptible degrees until he was fully erect. It had only taken him a little over a minute to achieve the impressive results.

"Voila!" Anton said proudly as he stared down benevolently at his fully engorged penis.

"Amazing!" I said. "I've never seen any guy do that! How do you do it?"

"Well, I just think of a beautiful woman," he replied eyeing me. "Such as yourself. If I may be so bold."

Mary Kate laughed. "Someone has an admirer!"

I shook my head and tried not to blush. "So how big is it, Anton?"

"I'm not sure, mademoiselle," he replied. "At least 10 inches I think."

"At least," Ashley said, admiring his equipment. "Mary Kate, you have a little measuring tape in your purse. Why don't you measure him?"

Without a word, Mary Kate reached in her purse and withdrew a tiny, metal tape measure. She extended the ruler as far as it would go. "It stops at twelve inches," she said.

"So, go ahead and measure him," Ashley said impatiently.

"Come in a bit closer," Mary Kate said to Anton.

The waiter moved so that his penis was only inches away from the lovely girl's face. Mary Kate held up the ruler to Anton's cock and placed one end at the base of it while she took the measurement.

"Yup, he's right," she said smiling. "Just ten inches from base to tip."

"Well, Anton," I said. "You certainly have something to be proud of."

He seemed pleased. "Thank you, mademoiselle. I am glad you approve."

With a deft flourish he guided his turgid prick back into his underwear and pulled up his pants. "See you at the show!" he said as he walked gaily out of the room.

Ashley looked a bit disappointed.

"What's wrong?" I asked her.

"If he didn't have a show to do tonight, he would've performed his multiple cumshot routine for us. That's always a blast, right Mary Kate?"

"We'll still get a chance to see it," she replied. "He told me that was going to be the finale of the show. Not just him. Several other guys too."

Ashley's beautiful face suddenly brightened. "Really? That's great! Holly, you are going to flip out when you see this!"

"I can't wait," I said excitedly. "I love watching guys shoot off."

"Me too," Mary Kate said.

"Yeah," Ashley added, letting the tip of her tongue playfully touch the rim of her glass.

The show began punctually at 10:00 PM. Thanks to Mary Kate and Ashley's influence, we got a front row seat. The layout of the room reminded me of those bygone days of the omnipresent supper clubs that used to host universally second-rate talent all across America. However poor that talent might have been, the ambience sort of made up for it.

The audience was comprised primarily of women, but I did see one or two guys hanging out at the back of the room. I was under the impression that this was going to be something of a strip show, but I was soon corrected on that account.

"No, this isn't anything like that," Ashley enlightened me. "These guys are going to do tricks with their cocks. It's kind of like the Cirque du Soleil only I call it the Cirque du Pénis. You're going to love it!"

As the lights went down all conversation immediately stopped and our attention was drawn to the dimly lit stage. A Straus waltz was heard in the background as a troupe of ten men cavorted onto the stage from both sides, wearing nothing more than colorful bowties and black leather boots. As they strutted around the stage in a precisely choreographed routine, I saw Anton sneak a look at me and smile.

"I think he's in love with you," Mary Kate whispered in my ear.

At first the dance routine seemed almost boring to watch, but after a full minute of prancing around naked the stage lights went up and the audience broke out into a roar as a group of women came dancing onstage in various sexy outfits, each holding some kind of apparatus in their hands.

It would be too much to relate here, but the overall effect was to help the guys get erections, and this the women accomplished by various means of hand manipulation. What followed was something that made me clutch my seat in amazement.

One man had a cord tied around his penis and large metal plates were hung from it, effectively treating his cock like some kind of pulley. And pull he did! I think more than 50 pounds of weight was applied to his penis, but he managed to walk around the stage with little difficulty. He earned a tremendous round of applause from the crowd.

I watched in utter amazement as two men played a form of table tennis with each other, using their cocks like racquets to bat around a small ball back and forth. At the end, one of the men caught the ball in his mouth, much to the delight of the audience.

As the show wore on, we were astounded to see how many ways the penis could be employed as a form of entertainment. One guy had dressed his cock up like a puppet in the form of a snake, and he used ventriloquism to act out some lewd fantasy with his nether companion. It was the funniest thing I had ever seen. Mary Kate laughed so hard that she nearly fell off her chair.

And the guy following him did a fantastic type of aerial display using a high wire, where he had some device strapped to his penis that allowed him to lay his body flat along the trajectory of the wire and perform all kinds of dazzling aerobatics. I had never known that the penis could withstand such rigorous applications.

Anton made us all laugh when he used his ample cock as a bat, swinging at pitched tennis balls of which a few landed almost in our laps. Even while he was performing his act, the same women ran around the stage, always making certain that each man remained erect. Their combined antics drove the crowd into a frenzy.

However, it was the routine of the guy who came after him that really made us laugh. Taking center stage, this rather tall and slender man pulled three different colored hollow plastic balls from a box and began to juggle them, using his long penis as a third arm. It was quite fascinating to watch his prick jerk upwards every time one of the balls landed on it, and he was greeted with a thunderous roar of applause each time he did so.

About an hour into the show, the lights went down and the men stood in a long line in front of the audience, their cocks glistening with lubricant that their female assistants had applied. Mary Kate indicated to me that this was the finale of the show, where each cock was going to ejaculate without any kind of assistance whatsoever. I had never seen this feat accomplished before, so I was anxious to see if it were really possible.

The atmosphere had gone from one of unbridled gaiety to one of hushed anxiety in a matter of seconds. The music that blared from the loudspeakers reminded me of the same kind of music you would hear on game show such as "Millionaire". It evoked a sustained suspense that unconsciously kept you at the edge of your seat. Two minutes went by, then three. And then purple strobe lights came on.

"I think we're going to see our first cumshot," Mary Kate said, elatedly.

"Which one?" Ashley asked her sister.

"Him," Mary Kate answered, pointing to the guy on the far right. "Look he's starting to shoot now."

How Mary Kate knew this I could not comprehend, but she was right. Even as she finished speaking, the guy thrust his hips forward and cried out. With no stimulation whatsoever, his huge cock reared back and fired a giant salvo of hot white cream into the audience, almost reaching the women in the table next to us. Not only did the cum travel a long distance, the strobe lights made it look like it was moving as if in slow motion, with the long arc of sperm broken up and highlighted into its constituent globules. It was a startling effect that astonished everyone in the audience.

"That's new!" Mary Kate cried, as the guy shot off another volley of sperm high into the air above our heads.

I had to move to my left to avoid getting hit by the aftermath of his huge explosion of cream. But the woman behind me apparently took the full brunt of the liquid assault and shouted her dismay.

"Look," Ashley said. "Here comes some more!"

Two of the guys standing in the middle of the line began to ejaculate at the same time. Huge arcs of sperm were launched into the crowd by their bobbing pricks, some of the sperm shot out with such force that the strobe light made it appear as if it looked like machine gun bullets tracing an invisible arc in the air. It was fun to watch the effect the light was having upon each ejaculation. Sometimes the spurts were long and fairly coherent. Other times the ejaculate seemed to burst into smallish balls of purple that resembled a slow motion version of water being forcefully ejected through a hose.

Other guys started to cum now, including Anton. Staring right at me and grinning lewdly, the handsome Frenchman pointed his fat prick toward me and moved his hips back and forth in a fucking motion. Within seconds, the white liquid that was begging for release from his full balls exploded from the tip of his swollen prick.

Mary Kate grabbed my arm hard. "Don't let him splash you!" she cried, quickly moving out of her chair.

Foolishly thinking that ejaculations of the kind that Craig or Barney could produce were intrinsic only to them, I remained in my seat, looking at Mary Kate as if she were nuts. But then Ashley followed suit, and I knew I had misjudged the crafty waiter. I really doubted that Anton could shoot a load over ten feet, but he did, amazing everyone. Once launched, his cumshot sailed out into the audience like one, giant, snake-like tail—ominous and direct. I had no time to dodge the blast, so I threw my hands up in front of my face and lowered my head into my lap. The explosion of hot cum flew well beyond me, striking several women behind me instead. However, it was the second and subsequent multiple bursts that reached my exposed legs, coating them both with a thick white lacquer.

"Oh, shit!" I cried, bemoaning the fate of my brand new white pumps now covered in spunk.

The twins laughed at my predicament, but as soon as the cascade of sperm subsided Ashley knelt down and began blotting my limbs with some tissues. Just as Anton finished ejaculating, the guy next to him began to fire off salvo after salvo of his copious hot semen, but thankfully in the opposite direction.

Eventually, all the men achieved orgasm, the last one to do so sending a most amazing rocket of sperm about 15 feet into the ecstatic and appreciative crowd.

"That was fucking great!" Mary Kate exclaimed, as she turned her head to watch the last jet of sperm sail into the distance.

"I had no idea some of those guys could shoot like that," I said, as Ashley finished removing some of the sperm from my shoes.

"I don't think Anton would have shot so far if it wasn't for you," Ashley said to me.

I laughed. "Well, it's nice to know that I can influence people like that."

The show was over and I had had a wonderful time.

"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself, Holly," Ashley said. "Come on. Let us give you a ride home."

An hour later and we arrived at my aunt's chateau feeling quite energized.

"Doesn't the sight of all those guys shooting off get you all horny?" Mary Kate asked me.

"A little," I confessed.

"God, I'm so fucking horny now," she said. "I'm going home and break out the vibrator."

"Don't forget to come to the fashion party on Wednesday," Ashley reminded me. Try to get there by 8:00 PM."

"I'll be there."

I said goodnight to the twins and ran upstairs and straight to bed, the memories of those long stringy series of ejaculations making me feel quite horny too.

The following morning I had told both my aunt Phoebe and Lenore of my experiences the previous night at Le Trois. Both seemed somewhat bemused by my tale.

"Oh that!" Lenore scoffed. "You make it sound as if it's something unique."

"You don't think it is?" I asked, surprised.

"We've gone to dozens of those kinds of shows," my aunt said between sips of coffee.

"Yes, but the guy who juggled..."

"It's been done and done and done," Lenore interrupted. "And I'm sure it's probably been done a hell of a lot better than what you saw last night. I could tell you some stories..."

"Please, don't," my aunt warned with an air of finality.

Lenore shrugged. "Well, it's been done."

"It was all new to me," I said.

"You'll have to forgive us for being a little jaded, niece," my aunt said. "Us old girls have seen it all at one time or another."

"Anyway, I had a great time."

"I'm sure you did. Mary Kate and Ashley are a blast. I love them both dearly."

Lenore smiled at me. "I told you they are exceptional people. Finer friends you could not ask for."

"They're having a fashion show at their home tomorrow. I'm going."

My aunt looked pleased. "Enjoy yourself. I understand there are going to be quite a few celebrities attending."

"And a few surprise guests, too," Lenore added.

"Like who?" I asked.

"I was told not to say anything."

"Oh, come on, Lenore!"

"I can't tell you or it will ruin the surprise," she said flatly.

My attempts to pull any other information out of her were useless.

For the rest of the day and most of Wednesday I was curious as to whom these surprise guests were going to be. I spoke with Craig on the phone that evening and he advised me to not call Ashley and Mary Kate demanding to reveal their list of stars, which is what I wanted to do.

"Now how do you know that this surprise they've got planned might not involve you?" he asked.

"I don't know."

"Precisely. So if you try and force it out of them, they might get offended. And if they did tell you, it would spoil the fun."

"I hate surprises, though. I wish Lenore had never said anything."

"You know you're acting a little immature, don't you?"

"I guess so. When am I going to see you?"

"Friday, it looks like. Barney and I will be taking a flight from Cannes on Thursday afternoon. Can't wait to see you."

"Me too. Call me tomorrow afternoon and let me know what films you guys saw. I wish I were there with you right now."

"If you were here with me right now I can guarantee you we wouldn't be watching any films."

We spoke for another ten minutes and then said goodbye. I slept that night imagining his strong muscular arms holding me close to him as his lips caressed mine.

A private limousine took me into Paris the next day. As the car made its way up the winding driveway that led to the twins' estate, I noticed that our car had become only one in a long line of stretch limos that suddenly appeared as if out of nowhere both in front and behind us. As we approached the outside gate, several burly men dressed in dark suits came toward the car and my driver was instructed to stop and let me out. The cars around us began to exude its occupants, some of whom I recognized as up and coming stars and others who had already become legends. All of these people were being escorted through the front gate and toward the entrance to the house.

Although the twins' estate was impressive-looking enough, it was nowhere near as large and charming as my aunt's fairy-tale castle. In fact, it seemed rather modest considering that the girls could afford to live anywhere they wanted. But once I entered the house, I understood why they had chosen it. It possessed a certain artsy charm in its bare, hardwood floors and high vaulted ceilings. The windows were huge, paneled affairs that rose from the base of the wall almost to the ceiling itself, allowing the rooms to be flooded with ambient light. The overall impression was sparse and somewhat stoic, but the addition of a grand piano, some Persian wall hangings, and an array of beautiful frescoes added an elegant and human dimension to it.

As I and the other guests, whom I quickly realized were all women, were escorted into the main living room, I couldn't help but imagine that I was suddenly transported into an ornate furniture showroom, where every available space had been taken up with chairs, couches, and sofas of various kinds. And in the middle of this forest of furniture, was a walkway purposely created to bisect the room at its center, thus allowing the fashion models to strut their stuff so that all could see.

I had no sooner entered the room than Mary Kate and Ashley came running to greet me, both looking a bit annoyed.

"Teri and Drew can't make it," Ashley told me, dejectedly. "I don't know what's wrong with those two lately."

"Can you imagine passing up our fashion show?" Mary Kate frowned. "This is the second time they've done that. I'm never going to invite them again."

"I wouldn't let it spoil your show," I offered.

"Oh, don't worry, it won't. Have you seen some of the people here? Look, there's Florence..."

"Oh, I know her!" I said as the woman sat down amongst several other middle-aged celebrities. "She was the mom on that show with all those kids. The Brady something or other."

"Bunch." Mary Kate filled in.

"And there's that girl Nikki from "Unhappily Ever After," Ashley pointed out to us. "She's very nice. You'll like her, Holly."

As my eyes surveyed the room, I began to recognize many other famous people whose faces at first I could not place. There were women from the bygone age of television, Florence of course, and someone whom Ashley called Barbara, who was the television mother of a little, nerdy kid named "Beaver". There were other stars whom I recognized right off: Jennifer, Hayden, Mena, Kelly, Alyssa, Mira, Lindsay, a whole entourage of world-famous women who all looked so absolutely beautiful that I felt inadequate in their combined presence. These objects of the paparazzo's seemingly perennial attention glided about the room like so many ethereal goddesses, bestowing equal amounts of grace and charm upon all whom they met. Mary Kate and Ashley escorted me around the room, introducing me to these people, always staying close by my side and refusing to be enticed away.

Most of these celebrities were nice people; some were not. Even in the presence of the twins themselves, a few of these so-called luminaries treated me with a dismissive attitude. I'm not saying they were rude to me per se, since they did offer the obligatory smile and hand shake, but beyond that they were too egocentric to warrant any meaningful conversation. I found the older stars much more to my liking. Florence was especially warm and genuine as was Barbara. Their younger counterparts, Nikki, Kelly, Alyssa, and Mira, were all very gracious and friendly. But overall I would have to say that the more mature women amongst them were truly deserving of the word "star".

As the show was about to commence, Mary Kate and Ashley had me sit down with them at the far end of the catwalk. The waiters were busy taking orders for drinks, which were being avidly consumed by the jittery, expectant crowd of which I was told numbered about 150 people. The twins gave a little speech to introduce everyone to their new line of men's clothing that was now going to be modeled. Finishing her introduction with a joke, Mary Kate indicated to a woman standing at the opposite side of the room to have the first model come out.

I hadn't noticed it before, but my attention was drawn to the ceiling as the lights around us went down. There, ensconced at various areas on top of the rafters, were small, but powerful, colored floodlights that now illuminated the catwalk. As if on cue, the loudspeakers, which I could not see, but which appeared to be nestled within two large wooden enclosures on either side of the catwalk judging by the direction of the sound, suddenly came to life, blaring forth a techno dance tune that had just become popular on the charts. In synchronicity with the music's beat, the first of the models strutted through the doorway, holding his head high.

The model wore a three-piece, gray, pin-stripe suit with a pink shirt and gray silk tie. The moderator informed us that the suit was made by a new and promising Italian designer whom the twins had hired recently to represent their line of men's clothes. I had to admit that the workmanship was quite spectacular. Of course the man wearing it, a young man in his early twenties who looked supremely self-confident, was very handsome, which made the presentation even more striking. His shoes, a throwback to the half-boot style of the mid 1960s, were a perfect complement to his ensemble. The design provoked a round of applause.

"I'll bet your boyfriend would look nice in that," Ashley said to me.

"I was thinking the same thing," I replied, as I watched the model perform one last full turn before heading back through the door.

One by one they came out, all ten of them, looking as handsome and charming as they could be. I had to admit that the designs were simply astounding, and for any man who could afford these superbly tailored suits, he would be foolhardy not to purchase at least one.

After the suits had been modeled, there followed a line of casual wear that was just as wonderfully designed, and drew quite a few positive comments from the audience. Ashley and Mary Kate were beaming. Their show was proving to be a great success and I was happy for both of them. But the best, as usual, was saved for last.

As the last model walked out, there was a brief pause while Ashley took the podium.

"And now ladies," she said with a mischievous smile on her face," the moment we've all been waiting for! The swimwear!"

The crowd immediately broke out into cheers as the first of the models came through the door wearing nothing but a low-rise, black bikini. But after a few moments I realized that all the cheering was not due to the design of the bikini itself, but to the massive bulge vividly apparent within it.

"Holy shit!" Mary Kate exclaimed. "Is he packing or what?"

There really was no place else to look. The entire audience was captivated by the sight of this handsome young guy parading down the catwalk with a hard-on as big as a house. The lewd comments that were thrown at him as he casually, and quite indifferently, walked up and down the aisle had absolutely no effect upon him. He simply carried out his routine with aplomb and smiled graciously as he strutted off.

"Christ that was fucking huge!" Ashley screamed with laughter.

"How some of these guys can maintain erections under these conditions is beyond me," I said, chuckling under my breath.

Alyssa, Mira, and a few other celebrities were overcome with amusement, demanding to see more. They were not disappointed.

The next guy came out wearing nothing more than an emerald-green thong, showcasing his frightfully massive erection. I was puzzled as to why he too was sporting a hard-on until Ashley confessed to me that she and Mary Kate insisted each model get himself hard for the show.

"I thought it would be amusing for everyone," Mary Kate said without taking her eyes off the model. "I mean, just look at him. Look at that beautiful package!"

I couldn't help but laugh along with everyone else. "You're amazing," I said to her. "Next thing you'll have these poor guys walking out in the nude!"

I continued laughing but a sudden silence feel upon both sisters.

"What?" I said staring at both of them. "Oh, no. You're not telling me..."

"Just relax and enjoy the show," Ashley said, trying to patronize me.

I turned my attention to the next model, who was now dressed in a very sexy French-style swim trunk. He, too, was quite well endowed.

And so it went on, until all ten models had showcased their attractive swimwear and their ample equipment. As the last model gingerly walked out of the room, Mary Kate and Ashley were greeted with a thunderous round of applause. Their fashion show had been a hit.

"Great job guys," I said to both sisters. "That was fantastic!"

"It's not over yet," Mary Kate said with an impish grin.

"What do you mean?"

"You'll see."

By now the crowd was quite worked up. The smell of marijuana was everywhere and the liquor continued to be consumed in huge quantities. The women were demanding to see more of the delectable hunks that graced the twins' fashion show and it was clear that they were not going to relent until they got what they wanted.

"Okay, okay!" shouted Mary Kate, addressing the jeering crowd in a loud voice. "I know what you naughty girls want, and here it is!"

Mary Kate's assistant on the other end of the room opened the door, and to my utter astonishment, and the crowd's overwhelming delight, two very handsome and muscular men, one black, one white, came walking up the catwalk casually, gracefully, and completely nude. And the thing that made it so incredibly lascivious, was that both men were sporting 12 ¾" erections. I sat there with my mouth hanging wide open.

"Surprise Holly! Surprise!" Ashley squealed.

Indeed it was big surprise. The two men were none other than Craig and Barney.

"How did you manage this?" I asked her, dumbfounded.

"I took both their phone numbers," Mary Kate replied. "I leave nothing to chance."

"We thought you'd be happy about it," Ashley said, admiring the huge erections that now bobbed up and down for all to see.

"Well, yeah, I guess so. It's just that it took me completely by surprise."

"That was the idea. The guys were very cooperative."

"I'm sure they were."

Mary Kate's eyelids closed to half their normal size. "Please don't tell me you disapprove, Holly. We're just having a little fun."

"No, no, it's not that. It's just that I spoke to Craig last night and, well...he sure pulled the wool over my eyes."

"He was just keeping our secret," Ashley said. "Come on, enjoy the show."

She then gave me a big hug and took my hand, the sheer exuberance of her laughter quickly disarming me.

"Hey Craig," I shouted. "Hey Barney!"

As soon as both men saw me I was rewarded with a huge grin from each. Craig blew me a kiss.

"Hey babe!" my blonde exhibitionist yelled out. He then turned around and playfully shook his muscular backside at me.

"He is such a great guy!" Mary Kate sighed. "You're lucky to have him, Holly."

"I know, Mary Kate. I know."

What transpired that evening was something that I will try to describe in some detail, but the overall impression was one of unbridled depravity on the part of the women, in particular. I suppose their reactions could have been attributed to the overindulgence of drugs and booze, but I think many of them simply were possessed of a lewd nature to begin with. I believed these characteristics were typical of your average, and not so average, Hollywood celebrity. But this behavior also extended to those stars who had long ago departed the heady luminescence of Tinseltown. From what I could tell, even the most mature of these former luminaries were now acting as wild and blatantly sexual as their younger counterparts.

Needless to say, it wasn't long before a throng of women descended upon the two naked men, caressing them, fondling them, and in general treating them as if they were both Apollo and Hercules come to life. It had become a free-for-all with everything up for grabs.

"Come on," Mary Kate said, grabbing both her sister's hand and mine. "Let's get in on the action."

We had to fight our way through the crowd to get to Craig and Barney, who were by now quite enervated by all the female attention they were receiving. As soon as Craig saw me, he grabbed me and gave me a long kiss.

"You look great!" he said to me as some strange women wrapped her hand around his huge prick.

"So do you!" I said hugging him.

The strange woman continued to pull on his cock even as I kissed him. "Do you mind?" I said to her. "He's my boyfriend."

She looked at Craig and then me.

"Well, it's true," he said to the woman.

She laughed. "Right now you belong to all of us," she replied with slurred speech, and continued masturbating him

"They want to milk me like a cow I think," he said to me. "Look. They're bringing over a table now."

"And we have a huge champagne glass to catch all the semen!" said a mature woman standing behind him. It was the 70-ish looking woman whom I had been introduced to earlier who had once played Beaver's TV mom.

"Are you kidding?" I asked her.

"Of course not. He told us it's his fantasy."

"Is that true, Craig?" I asked him.

He blushed. "Yeah, it's true. Ever since Mrs. Terry and Mrs. Barber..."

"Oh," I said knowingly. "You told me that story."

"You don't have a problem with this do you?"

"Me? No, Craig, I don't. Far be it from me to tell anyone what to do. Enjoy it."

Of course I was a little jealous. I mean, what woman wouldn't be, seeing their boyfriend as the object of lust for so many women. But even now, as I was being rudely shoved out of the way so that other strange hands could grope and fondle my handsome lover, I realized that I really had no claim to Craig. There was no real love involved between us, only a simple physical attraction and a growing friendship. So, although in my heart I would have liked to claim bragging rights, it was purely a fiction—an invention of my own vanity and nothing more.

Within seconds my erstwhile blonde stud was pushed to the center of the room and, with the aid of a dozen or so women, hoisted up onto a small cocktail table. It seemed that the older women in the group were controlling the action, positioning Craig on all fours so that they could milk him like a cow. I thought he looked silly in that position but the other women were totally absorbed in what they were doing, oblivious to everything else except getting him to ejaculate.

Meanwhile, Barney was pinned against the corner of the room by a group of women intent on masturbating him. He was laughing heartily at all the female attention and quite literally helpless to fend them all off. Woman after woman took their turn stroking his massive meat stick and I could see that he would not last much longer.

"I want to see this thing pop!" said Alyssa, who was furiously stroking him.

Florence, the TV mother of those kids once known as the "Brady's," now pushed her way through the crowd with a huge champagne glass in her hand. "Let me through!" she cried as she stumbled across the floor and straight into Mary Kate.

""Don't' worry, Florence," the startled twin said. "He's not going anywhere."

With that the elderly woman handed the glass to Barbara who placed it under Craig's midsection. "I got some lube if anybody wants some!" she hollered.

It wasn't enough that the two men were now being sexually assaulted. Mary Kate now ordered all the other models out into the room, and they too were likewise overpowered. It was a free-for-all.

"Look at the balls on this one!" I heard Brittany shout as her hands grasped one man's bulging nuts.

I saw one of the models standing in the midst of a small group of women giving them a semi-private jerk off session. Within minutes he was shooting great globs of sperm on the floor, earning him a roar of approval from the women.

"Let's bring them all off!" Nikki cried, as she dragged one guy by his penis toward the catwalk.

Kelly and Mira were so drunk they could barely stand upright. Yet they managed to force one guy onto the floor where they were furiously masturbating him.

"Shoot it!" Mira commanded him. "Shoot it up to the ceiling!"

"We all want to see your fucking hot spunk!" Kelly added, as her small hand flew up and down the man's 10-inch pecker.

Drunk as they were, the two women forced the man to ejaculate high into the air, sending ribbons of hot cream within a few feet of their intended target.

Suddenly, Mary Kate appeared on my right. "Fuck, that's awesome!" she said to me as she watched the sperm continue to shoot upward toward the ceiling. "I love watching all that spunk fly out. It gets me so hot."

"It is very erotic to watch," I agreed. "Kelly and Mira really know how to get a guy to cream really hard for them."

"Well, we ain't no slouches either baby!" she reminded me. "Come on, watch me and Ashley get Barney off."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. I've been dying to jerk off that big, fat schlong of his forever. Come on!"

We passed by Craig on our way to see Barney and I could see that the older women had completely overpowered him and were now in utter control of his masturbation. The younger women watched anxiously as their older counterparts rubbed every inch of his strong and taut body with body lotion, focusing their attention on his huge 12 ¾" prick. He seemed to be in another world.

"Okay, ladies," Mary Kate said to the women standing around Barney. "Let Ashley and I take over from here."

The women were at first reluctant to remove their collective hands from Barney's body, but Mary Kate insisted. Ashley, who was only now just entering the room from which she had exited to use the ladies' room, insinuated herself between her sister and the women still clinging on to Barney.

"Now ladies," Barney said diplomatically, "let Mary Kate and Ashley have their way. They are your hosts after all."

One by one the hands pulled away, quickly to be replaced by those of the twins.

"Make it a big one, for us," Mary Kate said to Barney. "Like you did last week. You know. Lots of ropes."

"That won't be a problem beautiful lady," Barney replied softly, as Mary Kate's tiny hand closed around his huge shaft.

"Make it shoot as far as you can, okay Barney?" Ashley said, deftly grabbing the tip of his prick with her index finger and rubbing it quickly up and down under his purple glans.

"Anything for you, gorgeous," he said between clenched teeth.

There was so much action going on at one time that I didn't know where to look first. The elderly women were still milking Craig like a cow, and both Ashley and Mary Kate were now masturbating Barney with all four of their hands. In addition, all the other models were similarly being brought to orgasm and their moans filled the air around me. A few of the women were now having intercourse with some of the models. It was becoming a full-blown orgy.

"Spunk, spunk, spunk, spunk!" screamed Alyssa, as she brought a giant black model off. As she casually pulled up on the man, a thick rope of cum shot out and sailed over her head to land on another woman's dress. She laughed as several more giant spurts were forced out by her energetic stroking, splashing into her hair and clothing, coating her with a thick, white patina.

Kelly was straddling a naked man, her back to his face, both hands wrapped around his swollen, cum-filled tool, coaxing it to release its load. She gave him three, fast, upward pulls and watched in glee as the hot sperm shot out in multiple spurts, flying everywhere. A group of women stood directly in front of her watching the whole thing, and applauded even as they watched their own clothes get soaked in the process.

Another model was now reaching climax. This time it was Brittany who forced the explosion of cum. He was actually sitting in her lap as she masturbated him, helped along by a few vicious tugs from Mira, Lindsay, and a few other women. Suddenly the guy screamed and a shower of sperm sailed out into the air, provoking a chorus of laughter from the women, who themselves were getting soaked. Over and over again, the man's excited prick surrendered its massive load at the coaxing of the beautiful women's unrelenting hands. As soon as he stopped shooting, one of the women grabbed his cock and began sucking it, getting him hard again. She then began riding him right there on the chair as Brittany licked his huge balls.

Suddenly, a low moan cut through the wall of voices. It was Barney, and he was about to release what I knew would be a massive amount of sperm.

Mary Kate and Ashley were now employing their hands in tandem as they ferociously jerked off the giant, ebony prick. They looked at each other and at Barney at intervals, sometimes breaking out into fits of laughter at what they were forcing him to do. Barney was ready to cum. Even the older women paused in giving their attentions to Craig in order to witness the big, black man's explosion.

I had to admit that it was quite thrilling to see the tiny, demure twins work his huge tool with such attention. Ashley, in particular, was enamored of Barney, and she put all her effort into bringing him pleasure by using both her hands to masturbate him. Up and down, up and down, went their beautifully manicured fingers, teasing and coaxing the long hard shaft until it could stand it no more.

Bellowing like an elephant, Barney's entire upper body shrank back while his legs simultaneously bent forward as he was gripped in the throes of a powerful orgasm.

At first I thought someone had thrown a wet paper napkin at me because all I saw was this whitish blur that sailed completely over my head. But it was, in fact, the first jet of sperm that shot out of Barney's huge prick. Mary Kate howled with laughter, knowing that this rope of sperm had barely missed me.

"Yeah! Yeah!" the younger twin screamed as she pulled furiously on Barney's ejaculating tool. "I want to see more ropes! More! More!"

Barney dutifully complied.

An explosion of cum followed on the heels of her request, the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and even seventh volleys shooting out in all directions in a series of wonderfully timed ejaculations. Ashley's hands, like her sister's, were completely covered in sperm, yet she continued to stroke the massive cock, making sure it was pointed upward at an angle so that she could watch each spurt as it was forced from the tip of the giant prick. At one point she unexpectedly pointed Barney's cock straight up, forcing a rope of spunk to shoot high up over his head and into another woman's face, which caused both sisters to laugh hysterically.

"Nice shot!" Mary Kate said to her sister.

So much cum kept shooting out of Barney that the sisters could not keep count. By the time he shot his sixteenth and final load, the twins, and Barney, were exhausted.

"Look what you did to me!" Mary Kate said to Barney as she showed him her sperm-soaked hands.

"And look at these!" Ashley added, showing him her equally drenched hands.

All Barney could do was shake his head and smile. "That was the best handjob I've ever had in my whole goddamn life!"

The crowd went wild. Mary Kate and Ashley laughed and each gave Barney a kiss.

"I want to watch them bring Craig off," Ashley said, reaching for some napkins to wipe her hands.

"Come on, Holly," Mary Kate said, following her sister's lead. "Let's go."

The older women had performed their work well. Craig's huge prick was all lubed up and ready to explode its contents into the champagne glass. But that didn't sit well with one black-haired, fifty-something woman.

"No! Don't let him cum right away," she said to Florence and Barbara, who were both milking his long penis with gusto. "Here, put this on his cock. Let's get a build up of some of those seminal fluids!"

Everyone screamed with laughter at her funny comment.

This woman, whose name was Irene, handed Florence a black, leather contraption that proved to be nothing more than a cock ring. Florence had Craig stand up as she strapped the leather device around his cock. She performed the maneuver in less than thirty seconds and his cock was now effectively contained within it, looking like it was going to explode with the slightest touch.

"I like that you shave your balls," Barbara said to Craig.

"Anything to please you beautiful ladies," he replied with a big grin.

"You'll please us with a nice big cumshot," Florence laughed.

"Yeah," Mary Kate agreed. "We expect to see lots of ropes, Craig. Just like Barney did a little while ago."

"I promise you, if you keep this cock ring on me, you'll be seeing a ton of ropes."

"Good." she replied. "I want to see you fill that champagne glass up to the top."

One after the other, all the celebrities took their turn at fondling him. He was now the center of attention. I could see how much he enjoyed having his cock and balls teased and stroked by so many beautiful women. But it was the mature females that captivated him most. Craig had told me all about his sexual adventures with several mature women who treated him like some kind of CFNM plaything. It had all happened when he was only eighteen or nineteen, but it had left an indelible imprint upon his young mind. Now as his masturbation was finally being exclusively conducted by Florence, Barbara, and several other older women, I knew it would not be long before he would completely lose control and surrender his enormous load to their combined machinations.

Sensing that he was on the verge of cumming, Florence ordered him onto his hands and knees, pointing the tip of his agitated prick into the champagne glass. She and Barbara pulled on his cock hand over fist, in a consistent, rhythmic fashion, never once releasing their grip upon him.

"How does it feel to have your prick jerked off by an older woman, Craig?" Florence said, while the vast female crowd around him howled with laughter.

"It...it feels...fuckin" great!" was all he could manage to say.

Alyssa, not content to watch the older women have all the fun, moved in close to his backside and delivered several hard slaps to his bottom. "Fill up that fucking cup!" she commanded him between hits. The audience roared with laughter.

Barney, who was still recovering from the wondrous and sperm-depleting handjob he has just received from Mary Kate and Ashley, stood behind Florence and Barbara, admiring their superb masturbatory skills.

"God damn!" he cried. "I'd already be shooting my load by now! Come on Craig. Show these ladies what you're made of!"

The women around him laughed but their attention soon turned back to Craig, who was now starting to ejaculate.

"Watch girls!" Barbara squealed, sensing Craig was about to cum.

The first spurt of semen was long and thick, splashing against the side of the glass with such force that a good portion of the ejaculate bounced off and up into the air and into the audience. This brought on a round of applause.

"Holy shit!" Mary Kate cried. "More ropes, Craig! Let's see more ropes!"

As if in answer to her plea, Craig fired off another series of white, creamy bursts directly into the glass while Florence and Barbara continued to stroke him violently.

"That's it Barbara," Florence laughed. "Get all that fucking, nasty juice out of him girl. Keep pulling!"

Barbara needed no encouragement. Squeezing his oversized balls with one hand and jerking on the cock ring with the other, she helped provoke a series of sticky salvos that flew into the glass one after the other, effectively covering the inside of the container until it was completely opaque.

Ashley was beside herself. "I love this," she whispered in my ear as Craig's cock continued to fire even more shots of sperm into the glass.

"I know," I replied. "I do too."

"I don't mean just watching him cum. I mean, I love the control we have over men. It makes me feel so sexy."

"It's a great thrill, I have to admit."

She shook her head in agreement. "I mean, look at him. He's completely under the control of those women, and he loves it!"

"I think most guys would do almost anything for a simple handjob."

"Yeah, if we could only find a way of keeping them in that orgasmic state we could take over the world."

I couldn't help but smile as I thought of Dr. Swensen and her famous "EJAX-472" male fertility drug. In effect, and ancillary to its intended purpose, that drug might have been the very thing Ashley, in her ignorance, alluded to. A drug that would keep men in a heightened state of sexual awareness—was that what it would take to change the world?

"Look," Mary Kate said, pointing to Craig's penis. "He's still shooting off. The fucking glass is almost full!"

It was true. The glass was indeed about three-quarters full of his hot seed and he was still ejaculating. The women were now cheering him on, demanding he fill the glass to the brim.

During this entire ordeal Craig kept his head down, seemingly unwilling to look into the faces of the women surrounding him lest he lose his concentration. His strategy appeared to pay off as the last of his ejaculations now filled the entire glass. Florence removed the cum-filled receptacle and lifted it high above her head as the entire audience erupted into a thunderous round of applause.

"Fantastic!" Mary Kate said, admiring the full glass.

"I've never seen guys cum so much as Craig and Barney," Ashley remarked, her eyes focused on the same object.

I silently told myself that no matter how much Craig or Barney would deny that the EJAX drug was out of their system, they had to be wrong. There was no way any normal man could ejaculate enough semen to fill an entire glass. Okay, King Matumba might prove the exception, but he wasn't normal. Odd enough as this fact was, the women in the audience didn't seem to care one bit. Maybe they were all too drugged up or too drunk to care. All that seemed to matter to them was that they were the ones in control. Maybe the rush of power they felt over these men transcended every other consideration. I don't know. But when I left there that evening I realized that the only possible way women would ever reign supreme over men was not by direct confrontation, but by patiently, insidiously, controlling their heads—the ones between their legs.

END OF CHAPTER 10

Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium Ch. 11
byfmcchris©

[Author's Note: I would like to thank all my fans that have written to me over the several years it has taken to complete this novel. Your comments, suggestions and ideas have provided me with some great material. You have my gratitude. This last chapter of "Aunt Phoebe's Masturbatorium" will represent my final excursion into writing erotic literature for a while. It has been a wonderful experience and I hope in some small way that I have provided you with some measure of fun and enjoyment. Thank you one and all! Au revoir!]

*

A few days after the wild fashion show party at the twin's estate, I was sitting outside on my aunt's veranda reading a book on ancient Roman history. Craig and I had spent the day before sightseeing in Paris and I had become so tired from all the walking that I needed to take a day off for myself just to recuperate.

It was a quiet, beautiful, late August day. My aunt and Charlotte were visiting some friends in Lyon, while Justine and Estelle were enjoying their vacation on the French Riviera. I had thought that Lenore was going to accompany them, so it was with some surprise when the phone rang and I found that she was still in Paris.

"I've been trying to reach you on your cell for the past two hours. Where are you?" my mentor said, a bit impatiently.

"Reading on the veranda. I didn't want to be disturbed. Is something wrong?"

"I need to talk to you. Can I come over now?"

"Of course, Lenore. Are you all right? You sound upset."

She hesitated a moment before answering. "I'll tell you when I see you."

A little over an hour later she arrived, not in her chauffer-driven limo but in an Italian sports car, a red Ferrari, that she drove herself. I met her at the front door and she followed me out onto the veranda. She had on a pair of white shorts and a white blouse. She was wearing tennis shoes and I noticed that one of the laces had become undone. The afternoon sun was warm but not hot, and I offered her a glass of sparkling water.

"Thank you," she said, taking the glass. "I'm so thirsty these days."

She sat down on a chaise lounge opposite me and took a long drink. I offered to tie her shoe lace but she refused.

"You look very pale," I said to her. "Are you feeling all right?"

She looked at me with those impervious, cobalt-blue eyes of hers and then down at her hands. "No, actually. I'm not all right, Holly." The hand that held the glass shook a little, and then I saw her eyes start to well up.

"Lenore!" I said, quickly pulling up a chair next to her. "Tell me, what's wrong?"

Before she could utter a word, she broke down in tears. I put my hand on her shoulder and spoke to her in comforting tones, but the tears would not abate. Finally, after a few minutes had passed, she began to regain her composure and wiped her eyes with her handkerchief.

"I feel a little better now," she said softly as she blew her nose. "I'm sorry my dear. I did not mean to alarm you."

"Please tell me what's going on," I insisted. "You have me worried to death."

She took a deep breath and a sip of water, and then began. "I have just come from my doctor's office. A few weeks ago I had experienced some pains in my chest and went in for an examination. They found that I have a problem with my heart. It's not cancer, but a form of arrhythmia—an irregular heartbeat—that could prove to be fatal…"

"Oh, no," I said. "I don't believe it. You've always been so strong."

"Not that strong, my darling Holly. The doctor has me on some damn prescription drug that I must take religiously for the rest of my life. I hate the entire idea of it. Me, dependent upon a drug!"

"Have you told aunt Phoebe and the others?"

"No, you are the only one that knows."

"But you must tell them. They have a right to know."

"They will be told, soon enough. I see no reason to cast a cloud over their holiday." She drew herself up in her chair and frowned. "My doctor has insisted that I must avoid all forms of stress. He absolutely forbids me to engage in any activity that will tax my nervous system or I just may end up dead. What do you think of that?"

"Oh, Lenore, I'm so sorry," I said, wrapping my arms around her neck. It was now my turn to cry.

"It's all right, mon chéri. I don't intend to go out so easily."

"Don't even talk like that," I said, gently reprimanding her.

She forced herself to laugh, despite herself. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to upset you. Just to tell you the truth. That's all."

I removed my arms from around her neck and took her hands in mine. "Maybe you should join Estelle and Justine on vacation. You will be able to get lots of rest there."

"No," she said forlornly. "As soon as I saw them I'd be forced to tell them everything and that would ruin their vacation. They will all return next week. I will tell them then."

For a while she looked off into the distance, refusing to meet my gaze. Knowing her as I did, I knew this was the prelude to something less than pleasant.

"I must tell you something now that is very important. And you will need to make a decision about it one way or the other, and soon I should think."

"What is it? What decision?"

She took a sip of water and held my hand firmly. "Because my health is compromised, I cannot effectively lead the Sisterhood any longer. I therefore am turning over temporary executive power to Justine and Estelle, who will now act in my stead. I emphasize 'temporary' power. Full executive privileges are reserved for the one who will take my place. That's you, Holly."

I didn't know how to respond to her at first because my mind was going in several different directions at once. I knew the Sisterhood mantle was to be passed onto me at some point in the future, but it sounded like that future time was coming closer and closer and I was not ready for it.

"What are you asking of me?"

"I am asking you to prepare yourself to lead the Sisterhood."

"But I have two years of school in front of me. You know that. I'm not ready to accept this responsibility now."

"You are more ready than you know."

I shook my head, not wanting to hear her rationale. "I have my parents whom I have to answer to. It's not as easy as you think. In a few more years' time when I finish my school…"

"By that time the Sisterhood will dead and gone. Even now as we speak, our Order has become seriously divisive. Angelique has corrupted many of our Sisters. Yes, it's true that we retain most of our Order, but she gains new adherents every day. I warned you long ago that a fight was coming, and it's now on our doorstep. Fortunately, you have many loyal and exceptionally talented Sisters who will do their best to help you. You know who they are."

"You mean Felicia, Janet, Charlotte…?"

"And don't forget Ashley and Mary Kate. They're billionaires with great power in the outside world. Those twins may prove to be your greatest allies."

"And what about aunt Phoebe?"

"What about her?"

"Why can't she assume the leadership of the Sisterhood? I mean, until I'm ready."

My mentor sighed heavily. "Because of Angelique. Certainly you can see this. You know that I love your aunt as if she were my own sister. But she is still Angelique's mother. And as much as Phoebe may say she hates her daughter now, there is still a good chance that she might soften over time and fall prey to Angelique's machinations. It would spell doom for us all."

"So, what you're saying is…I can't go home."

Lenore smiled at me in a kindly, knowing way. She now spoke to me with great conviction. "You are free to do whatever you choose, Holly. Neither I, nor anyone in the Sisterhood can force you to do anything you don't want to do. All I can tell you is that I can no longer lead this organization. And the Sisterhood needs a leader. Not just any leader…you. You, dear girl, are the one who must fight this fight. I saw greatness in you from the very beginning, when no one else did. Like you and Charlotte, I too have the gift of clairvoyance. I know what lies ahead if that monster Angelique should become leader of the Sisterhood. The end result of such a victory will destroy everything the Sisterhood has stood for all these centuries. Angelique and her kind want to control men by using and abusing them—they want to grind all men into the ground under their heels. But that is not the way of the Sisterhood. It never was. We are not a bunch of malevolent man-haters intent on gaining control at any cost. We are communicators, collaborators…we want to tame the more aggressive aspects of men's natures through the use of both reason and pleasure, not by treating them like vermin. You understand this. Angelique never will. She can't. It is beyond her capability. That is why it must be you."

She stopped talking for a moment, turning the glass over and over in her hand. I felt she wanted to say something more, and waited patiently.

"I am truly sorry," she began, "for placing this burden upon your shoulders. Ideally, you would have taken my place as leader in a few more years, but we no longer can afford that luxury. While I am able to, I will help you in any way I can from behind the scenes, but I cannot take any visible action. The decision rests with you."

For a few moments I sat with my head resting in my hands, wondering what I was going to do.

"If I decide to stay, what about my parents? What do I tell them?"

"We can tell them that you have decided to continue your studies here in France. I don't think they would object to that."

"But I want to see them at some point. I mean, I do miss them after all."

"I understand chéri. Avec le temps, ça s'arrangera."

"Huh? Oh, yes. Everything will work out in time. I understand. I just hope you're right."

"None of us has a crystal ball, my dear. Not even the great Antoinette could foretell the future. But maybe it is best that we can't. We humans seem to make quite a mess of things as it is without the benefit of foresight."

"So you think we still have hope?"

"Sometimes hope is the only thing we have to go on."

Lenore put her glass down and slowly rose up from her chair. I could tell she was now looking more like her old self, and she took my face in her hands and lovingly kissed each cheek.

"I must go now. Think of what I said. You must make your decision soon. If you decide not to stay, then I must find another to succeed me. But I hope you will not force me into that position. I leave the choice to you."

As I watched her walk toward her car she turned around abruptly and waved goodbye. "Je t'aime, Holly!" she said.

"Je t'aime aussi!" I replied, waving back.

For some time after she left I sat in the veranda contemplating her words. That night, and for several nights thereafter, I don't think I enjoyed a fitful night's sleep.

************


If there was anything to help alleviate the stress of my continued vacillation on the subject of whether I should stay in France and become the next ruler of the Sisterhood or return to the United States and my home and family, it was the overpowering influence of those twin colossi know as Mary Kate and Ashley. Small in stature they might be, but they nonetheless cast a giant shadow in the world of entertainment and fashion. And they certainly helped get me out of my sullen mood.

On the third day following my encounter with Lenore, Ashley called to invite me to Le Trois where a luncheon was going to be held for her friend, the famous American fashion designer, Bob Mackley. His new line of women's fall outerwear was going to be exhibited in a local Parisian boutique, including some outfits designed by Mary Kate herself. I accepted the invitation immediately.

The luncheon began ostensibly at 1:00 PM, but it seemed as though people had already been there for hours. The entire rear section of the restaurant had been sealed off from the main eating area, and I had to enter from a side entrance rather than from the front.

The first thing I noticed was that all the people assembled were women. There was not a man in sight, except for Mr. Mackley himself. He was sitting at the head of a long rectangular table; Mary Kate was seated at his left and Ashley on his right. All the other chairs were occupied—mine, which was next to Ashley's, was vacant.

I counted about several dozen women of various ages; all of whom I had been told were famous fashion designers in their own right. Some were pretty, most were not, but all had much to say about fashion, both good and bad. Mr. Mackley was a handsome man in his mid-fifties and possessed of a very affable nature. He wore a white suit with a black satin shirt unbuttoned at the top. As I took my seat next to Ashley he rose and shook my hand.

"Ms. McKenzie," he said politely. "It's a pleasure to meet you. I've met your aunt Phoebe on several occasions. A marvelous woman. So glad you could make it."

"Thank you, Mr. Mackley," I replied, as I took his hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you as well."

"Please call me Bob," he said as he sat down. "Ashley," he said turning to her, "maybe you should introduce her to some of the ladies."

"Oh, of course," she answered.

It took several minutes for me to be introduced to all the women seated at the table, but by the time the introductions were over, I had made a few friends. All of the women were very gracious and very willing to talk about their fashion lines, no doubt made so by the quantities of liquor imbibed. I knew that Mary Kate and Ashley both drank in moderation, but tonight they seemed less inclined to allow themselves the luxury. I didn't know why until Ashley got my ear.

"We're purposely not drinking because Mary Kate wants a favor of Bob," she confessed. "We have to be careful how we approach this."

"I don't understand."

"Well, Mary Kate has a new idea she wants Bob to design, and Bob has already told her no. But you know my sister. She always gets what she wants."

"And you think she's going to convince him to change his mind tonight?"

"I'd say it's in the bag."

"How do you know that?"

"Because I know Mary Kate. And I know Bob."

I tried to get more information out of her but she simply left it at that at smiled coyly.

At some point during the middle of the luncheon the topic Ashley had alluded to was raised by Mary Kate. As she bit into a small piece of shrimp scampi, she turned to Bob and looked him squarely in the face. He was just finishing off a glass of Chardonnay and he seemed quite at ease, not drunk but getting there.

"Have you given any thought to those ideas of mine, Bob?" she asked him in a casual tone.

"What ideas?"

"The ones I gave you last week. You know, for the new women's line I'd like to create."

"Oh, those," he replied, reaching for a full bottle of wine. "I think I told you that I just don't have the time. I'm already involved with one of your projects and I have other people on the hook. I'm sorry, I just can't do it."

Mary Kate continued to eat unperturbed. "You know it would mean a lot to me if you could do it. Can't you have one of your assistants handle the less important clients?"

He laughed. "They are all important to me, Mary Kate. I make no distinction among persons. You know that."

"I do know that," she replied. "And that's one of the reasons I respect you."

"Then you understand. It's simply impossible for me to take on any new projects right now."

I had to admit that his tone of voice sounded final. If it had been me or anyone else, the subject would have been dropped. But this was Mary Kate, and she would have things her way.

After a momentary lull during which Bob was served his dish of roast pork, Mary Kate resumed her interrogation. I had to admit that she was a natural at it, never pushing the issue too hard or too often, using every conceivable wily feminine tactic to draw him out. More than once, Ashley giggled into her hand at her sisters deftly handled mental tricks.

"How's the pork?" she asked Bob.

"Superb," he replied between mouthfuls. "And the shrimp?"

"Not bad," she replied. "But I think I should have ordered what you did."
Bob's face registered disappointment. "Oh, Mary Kate. If you don't like it, have it sent back. Or have some of mine."

"No, no, it's fine," she assured him. "It's just that the pork looks so delicious."

"It is. Here, try a piece."

"I don't want to take your food from you."

"No, please. Have some."

He lifted his fork to her mouth and she slowly, sensually parted her lips to accept his offering while staring directly in his face.

"Mmmm…" she sighed as she daintily chewed on the small bit of meat. "It's so good!"

The conniving sister didn't let is rest there. Seeing the pleased expression on Bob's face, she let her tongue travel around her lips in a most lascivious way. Finally, she swallowed the morsel and took a drink of water.

"One more piece, please!" she begged him.

"Of course, of course!" he said obligingly.

As he fed her the second helping of pork, she looked at Ashley and grinned.

"Watch this," Ashley said to me.

As soon as Mary Kate had consumed the meat, she let her left arm fall to her side. Pure pleasure was written all over her face. "I think I'm going to have an orgasm over this, it's so delicious."

At the same moment, Bob's eyes opened wide and he gave a great shudder, which he tried to suppress by adjusting his position in his chair.

"What's going on?" I asked Ashley.

"Keep watching," she said, her eyes glued to her sister.

Bob was definitely looking uncomfortable. Yet he made no effort to further change his position in the chair. In fact, he turned his chair slightly inward toward Mary Kate so that he could be closer to her. Her left arm still remained by her side.

"So, are you certain that you won't take on my new line?" she asked him as she toyed with her food. This time I noticed a slight back and forth movement with her arm.

"Mary Kate, please," he pleaded. "I told you I can't."

"What's the problem really?" she asked. "Is it your wife? Is she putting the choker on? I know she doesn't like me."

Bob stopped short of talking to take in a big gulp of air. "No, it's nothing like that. I'm just too damn busy right now. That's all."

"I'll pay you very well," she said, her arm falling up and down more distinctly now.

"It's…it's not a question of money, Mary Kate. It's a matter of time. Please try to understand."

"I do understand, Bob. I really do. But I must have that fashion line finished and ready to showcase for October. And I'm asking you as a friend, to do me this one favor."

Bob was now squirming in his seat and making some odd faces—a mixture of pain and pleasure all at once. Mary Kate's arm was now bent at the elbow and moving back and forth in a fast, regular motion.

"But what is it with you Mary Kate? I mean…look, no is no. I mean, to most people it would be, but not you. Must you always have things your way?"

"You know I do, Bob. You know I do."

At this point I, and most everyone at the table, including the waitresses, could see that Mary Kate was giving Bob a handjob under the table. In fact, one of the waitresses took the liberty to whisper something to lascivious twin and Mary Kate nodded in agreement. As the bold girl walked by, Ashley intercepted her.

"What did you want with my sister?" she asked the girl.

"I asked Ms. Olsen to let us know when the man will have his orgasm. All of us want to watch."

"Kinky!" she laughed. "Did you hear that, Holly?"

I just shook my head and laughed. "Everybody in this city is a voyeur!"

By this time all the women at the table were now engrossed with Mary Kate's performance. They giggled as they continued to eat their food, but they continued to maintain their concentration on the test of wills taking place at the head of the table.

"When I tell someone no, I mean no," said Bob, now starting to sweat a little. "But you just keep pushing a guy, keep pushing…yeah…like that, you know…"

Mary Kate smiled. She knew she was getting to him, as did everyone else. As she continued to eat her food with her right hand, her left hand was steadily stroking between his legs. Bob moaned.

"I realize how hard it must be for you," she jibed. "But you're supposed to put in that extra mile for people you call your friends. Don't you agree, Bob?" He didn't answer right away. "Well? Don't you?"

There were a few outright laughs from the women as Mary Kate stopped eating and looked at him. His eyes seemed glazed over.

"Yeah, I guess so…yeah…"

Mary Kate looked at Ashley and nodded her head. It was a signal for Ashley to go into action.

Moving her hand down to her side, I watched as Ashley slowly moved it toward Bob's belt. With a few deft maneuvers, she had undone it and pulled down his zipper, meeting with no opposition from him. She then pulled down his underwear so that the tip of his penis suddenly sprang into view. Seeing the purple bulging tip now exposed, Mary Kate guided her index finger just under the head of his penis and began quickly rubbing it up and down against the sensitive underside. All the women at the table started giggling in unison as they watched her jerk him off.

"So, Bob," Mary Kate continued. "When can I expect the designs to be finalized?"

"I… I can't do it before the end of October," he gasped.

"But I need them at least two weeks before that," she insisted.

The women at the table all began laughing in earnest now. His prick was clearly visible to all and he didn't seem to care one bit.

"You look very hot, Bob," Ashley said. "Why don't you take off your jacket?"

"Huh? Oh, yeah, yeah…" he said, as she offered to help him remove the blazer.

"Feel better?"

"Yeah, thanks, Ash," he replied, reaching for his water glass this time instead of wine.

"I can make you feel even better if you do what I want," Mary Kate said to him.

To emphasize her point, both she and Ashley pulled down both his pants and underwear and we were treated to the sight of a ten-inch penis, almost all of which now stood proudly, unashamedly, above the rise of the table. The thing that struck me was not the size, or even the girth, but the extraordinarily large head. Mary Kate now ran her smallish, delicate, red-nailed fingers all around it, playfully squeezing and tensing it while Bob could only sit there helplessly and watch, the fate of his penis completely under her assured control.

"Ash," do you still have that special lube Dr. Swensen gave to you a few weeks ago? You know, that special masturbation cream?"

"I think I still have a little left," she replied, picking her pocketbook up off the floor.

"Could you give me some?"

Ashley dutifully complied by reaching into her purse and producing a small silver tube. She reached over and put a modest amount into Mary Kate's palm, which Mary Kate then applied all over Bob's shaft. She now began to stroke his prick in earnest.

"I know how much you love this, Bob," she said sexily, as her left hand pulled up and down on his cock in a steady, rhythmic fashion. "I know how much you need this too, because your fucking whore of a wife refuses to do it for you. Isn't that right?"

"Yeah… that's right. She…she don't like to get my cum on her."

"Can you imagine that ladies?" Mary Kate sneered. "This handsome guy can't even get a hand fuck from his own wife! Why do you stay with her, Bob?"

"Because…because…"

"Yes, because…"

"Because I like being controlled by a woman. And she does it so fucking good!"

I nearly choked on my drink. I would never have suspected Bob Mackley to be a closet submissive.

"What does she do, Bob?" Mary Kate asked, increasing the tempo of her stroking.

"She makes me jerk off in front of all her female friends."

This admission was greeted by a hearty round of cheers and laughter from all. I could tell that he was enervated by all the attention he was getting. When the young waitresses moved in to look at him being jerked off, it proved too much. I knew it was only a matter of minutes before he would be shooting his load.

"And do you cum for them, Mr. Mackley?" asked one of the women at the end of the table whose name was Grace.

"I have to," he admitted, "or else they throw me out of my house!"

The laugher was deafening. He had barely had enough breath to finish his sentence and now seemed solely occupied with Mary Kate's amazingly wonderful handjob.

"Well, can you tell us how long it has been since you ejaculated?" Ashley asked him.

"About seven days."

"That's a long time for a guy isn't it?"

"My wife forbids me to jerk off unless… it's for her amusement."

Again a roar of laugher from all.

"Well, you can amuse all of us right now, Bob, with a really creamy, sticky, fucking load of spunk," Mary Kate laughed, as she pulled on his prick with increased speed. "Or if you refuse to accommodate me, I'll stop right now."

As she finished her sentence she removed her hand from his penis, letting it bob back and forth unattended.

"No," he cried, searching for her hand. "I'll give you what you want. I promise!"

"Okay, okay," she said with a grin as her hand returned to his cock. "But you have to give us a really good cumshot. You've had seven days to save it all up. I expect to see long, stringy ropes of cum shoot out of the tip. Long, stringy ropes. Got it?"

"Oh god," he said sighing loudly. "You always win, don't you?"

"Yup," she laughed. "I always do."

Mary Kate now called the waitresses forward to witness Bob's imminent explosion of cum. Some of the women in the back of the room also came forward, also anxious to watch him climax.

"Keep it pointed up," Ashley reminded her sister. "He has a tendency to shoot really far."

"I know. I know," Mary Kate giggled. "And multiple times too. Right Bob?"

Bob could not reply because he was now ready to burst.

With her left hand furiously pulling on his huge organ, Mary Kate took a bite of her shrimp, seemingly unconcerned about what was now going to happen. Her indifference seemed to drive Bob to even greater heights of ecstasy. I did not fully understand why this was so, but I soon discovered that many men enjoyed being indifferently treated by women. Ostensibly this had to do with issues of self-esteem wherein a very casual attitude toward sex on the woman's part made the man feel as though he was being "serviced" in a fashion similar to that of a prostitute. It made little sense to me but it was true nonetheless.

"Oh, my fucking Jesus!" Bob suddenly exclaimed.

I watched as the tip of his prick expanded to its full capacity. Mary Kate stopped using her entire hand to masturbate him and just employed her thumb at the base of the swollen head, flicking it every so lightly and rhythmically against the taut flesh.

She was biting down on her second piece of shrimp as he erupted.

"Ropes!" she shouted, as the first spurt of stringy seed flew out of the tip of his prick with lightning speed.

The intensity of the ejaculation was incredible. It was almost too fast for the eye to see. But there, hanging from the rim of the tiffany lamp ten feet above him, was the evidence of his lust—a long, white rope of hot cream. Mary Kate was delighted.

"Yes!" she cried, as the long strand of cum swung obscenely back and forth above her.

Ashley, too, was urging Bob on to greater heights with some of the filthiest talk I had ever heard from her. "Cream for us you fucking bastard! Shoot it all over the room! Cream for Mary Kate, your boss!"

The waitresses were laughing uncontrollably, as were the other women at the table. Bob was frozen in his chair, only his prick now seemed alive under the direct control of Mary Kate's relentless handjob.

"Let's drain this fucking schlong, shall we?" she said leering into Bob's face.

With a quick flick of her fingernail he surrendered another load of cum, flying just as high up in the air as the first shot. And then came a series of multiple climaxes that were launched each time Mary Kate teased the sensitive underside. It was quite amazing to watch his creamy bursts of jizz shoot up into the air with such rapidity and consistency, almost as if she were mentally willing every spurt out with the aid of her fingers. Ashley sat back in her chair, grinning broadly at her sister's impeccable handjob, cheering each time another sticky white load went shooting up into the air, knowing that Mary Kate had won yet another contest against the male species.

"Oh, look at it!" Mary Kate laughed in Bob's face, as another round of sperm found its way into the air above his head.

Bob stared down at his spurting organ as though it were something alien to him. All he knew or cared about at that point seemed to be Mary Kate's lovely hand and the generous amounts of sperm she was extracting from him. No doubt he was greatly pleased by the release of so much semen—a release he had been deprived of for an entire week by his dominant wife. He now begged the beautiful masturbatrix to finish him off with her hand.

Mary Kate willingly obliged, encircling his shaft with her entire hand, masturbating him with all her might.

If her abrupt fingernail flicks had produced a plentiful round of shooting sperm, her pumping hands created a most dazzling display of multiple cum shots that I had ever seen. As her tiny hand pulled up, we were rewarded with a gigantic rope of cum that shot out and up over the table to land in the plate of the women at the far end—a clear fifteen feet! This was followed by successive volleys of sperm that flew into the guests themselves until Mary Kate deftly repositioned his cock away from the table. Ashley and I got hit several times by the irrepressible blasts of cum, but they all fell onto our upper bodies and not anywhere near our faces. Some of the waitresses however, weren't so lucky, running to and fro to avoid getting hit in the face by the incessant barrage of sperm.

"Christ!" one of the women designer's exclaimed. "What a fucking load!"

"I love it!" another woman squealed.

Mary Kate's arm was beginning to tire, yet she managed to coax out several more long, creamy spurts from Bob's incredible tool. When he had finally stopped ejaculating, he collapsed face first onto the table, unable to speak for several minutes. All the women in the room exploded into applause at the astounding performance. Mary Kate smiled graciously and picked up a napkin to clean the sperm off her hand. She, Ashley, and I then went to the bathroom to remove the semen from our clothes.

Bob stayed true to his word and gave Mary Kate everything she wanted and more. Again, my theory that most men would do almost anything for a simple handjob was proven correct.

************


When my aunt Phoebe and Charlotte returned from Lyon they found me by the pool sunning myself. Craig was lying beside me putting suntan lotion on my back when I heard the sound of high heels clicking loudly on the stucco walkway leading out from the veranda. There seemed to be a decided urgency in those footsteps. I rose up on one elbow and turned my head around to see my aunt suddenly peering down intently into my face—her head eclipsing the mid-day sun behind her.

"Why didn't you tell me?" she said angrily. "A whole week has gone by and you said nothing!"

"Phoebe, please," Charlotte broke in. "It's not her fault."

My aunt ignored her. "I want an explanation, Holly, and I want it now!"

It was rare when my aunt lost her composure and I had to admit that she was somewhat intimidating. Even Craig looked a bit skittish as she pulled up a chair to sit next to me. Charlotte, realizing that any further interference would prove pointless, also took a chair beside my aunt.

"You're talking about Lenore I assume?" I said calmly.

"Of course I am. Who the hell do you think I'm talking about? You knew she had a heart problem and you said nothing. Why?"

"Because she told me to," I replied.

"Oh, come on! You don't keep something as serious as this to yourself."

"She made me promise that I would say nothing about it to anyone until she decided to tell you herself."

Charlotte shook her head. "You see, Phoebe? You can't blame Holly. You should be angry at Lenore."

"I am angry at Lenore!" my aunt bellowed. "But I can't yell at her because she's sick."

"I'm sorry, aunt Phoebe," I said. "I was just keeping a promise."

My aunt looked away and I could see that she was trying hard to compose herself. "No, I'm the one who should be sorry for getting angry at you. It's just that, Lenore is just so damned stubborn! She could have died while we were away. My best friend…gone…without having a chance to say goodbye. It's all so ridiculous. That woman is ridiculous!"

"You're getting yourself all worked up for nothing," Charlotte reprimanded my aunt. "You act as if Lenore had one foot in the grave already."

My aunt looked like she was going to cry for a moment but suddenly reached for Charlotte's hand and laughed. "You're right, Charlotte. I'm acting like an ass. I don't mean to over react. It's just that so much has happened lately. First, my daughter…now this. I should have stayed in Lyon for another week."

"Why don't you come inside and I'll make us something to eat?" Charlotte asked. "How about you, Holly…Craig? Are you hungry?"

"I'm taking Holly out for dinner tonight," Craig replied. "But thank you for asking."

Charlotte rose from her chair and headed back into the house while my aunt got up and ran her fingers through my hair.

"Forget what I said, Holly," she said. "You and Craig go back to enjoying yourselves. I'm going to get something to eat then take a nap. Have a nice time tonight, both of you."

"Lenore is going to be fine," I tried to assure her. "She's a very strong lady."

My aunt smiled at me and turned to follow Charlotte. I could tell she was sincerely sorry for her outburst of anger toward me, but her eyes could not hide the fact that she was deeply worried about her best friend. I had to admit that I was worried too, but Lenore's fate was something neither my aunt nor I could control. We could only hope for the best.

Later that day, Craig and I had dinner at one of the local Parisian eateries that catered to vegetarians. Although not a strict vegetarian myself, I did tend to favor fruits and vegetables more than meat and fish, so there was plenty on the menu that appealed to me.

After dinner, when both of us were enjoying a glass of Bordeaux, I decided to tell Craig what Lenore had discussed with me earlier. I needed to talk to someone whose opinion I respected—someone outside the realm of the Sisterhood—someone whom I could trust to give me an honest answer.

"Have you told your parents?" he asked, as he poured himself some water.

"Yes. I spoke to my mom and dad this afternoon. Of course, they both want me to come home. But after explaining everything to them, they seem to understand. They're not happy about it, but it's my life."

"What about your aunt Phoebe?"

"I haven't said anything to her. She has enough on her plate already. But I'm sure she knows about it. Lenore tells her everything."

Craig studied my face intently. "Well, I don't know if I'm the right person to ask for advice, but I think you have a unique opportunity to do something great with your life."
"You mean with the Sisterhood?"

"Yes. I mean, you can go home and get your degree and get married and have a nice, normal life if that's what you want, but what Lenore is giving you is something that only happens to people once in a lifetime—if ever. As leader of the Sisterhood you will have money, power, and influence that most people could only dream of. And think of all the great things you could do to make life better for people. I can't tell you what to do. But if it were me, I would go for it. I can't think of anyone better for the job."

"You really think I'd make a good leader?"

"Yes, I really do. I've always thought that."

Craig took a drink of water and put the glass down. He suddenly looked sad.

"I know I'm being selfish in saying this, but no matter what you do, I'm still going to lose you, aren't I?"

"No," I replied, gently touching his arm. "It doesn't have to be that way. We can work something out. I'm sure we can."

"Holly, be realistic. Whether you go home to America or stay here and run the Sisterhood, I lose out. I have family back in Stockholm. They expect me to show my face in a few weeks. Where does that leave us?"

He had hit upon something I had dreaded bringing up because I really had no concrete answer for him. He was right of course. Our time together was quickly coming to an end and we were approaching a stalemate.

"I guess we've both been avoiding this, haven't we?"

Craig nodded in agreement, twirling the glass around in his hand. "I was hoping that you might consider coming back to Sweden with me. You know…you could finish up your studies there and we could be together…"

He looked up at me for a moment as if he were going to continue, then fell silent.

"Is there something else?" I asked him.

"Well, I was hoping that, maybe in a year or two, once you're done with school, that you and I could get married."

This admission took me a little by surprise. "As much as I love you, and I do love you," I said taking his hand in mine, "I'm not ready for marriage yet. And neither are you."

He looked downcast for a moment then quickly perked up. "All right, forget about marriage for now. How are we going to keep this relationship going? Something has to give somewhere."

"I don't know," I replied. "I guess once I make my decision we can go from there." My grip on his hand tightened. "I just know that I don't want to lose you."

We spent the night at Craig's hotel room. I had no desire to return to my aunt's chateau, so I called her cell phone and left a message telling her where I was. I will never forget that evening because it was the first time that Craig and I made love. Unlike some girl's stories relating horrible, first-time experiences with sexual intercourse, our lovemaking session was quite intense and beautiful. He was gentle and very willing to please me, and I know I pleased him too. By the time morning rolled around, I had made my decision.

************


"Wonderful!" I heard the voice on the other end of the line exclaim. "This is wonderful news!"

Lenore's powerful outburst forced me to pull the phone away from my ear. I had called her from Craig's hotel room after we had finished having breakfast to let her know that I had decided to assume leadership of the Sisterhood. I saw no need in waiting any longer. Craig had made me realize that I had a chance to make a difference in the world, and after careful consideration I realized that I would be a fool to pass up such an opportunity.

"I thought you'd be happy," I replied.

"Happy?" Lenore exclaimed. "I'm thrilled! I can't tell you how much this means to me mon chéri! Do you mind if I call your aunt right now and tell her?"

"Not at all."

"And I'll have to let all our Sisters know, too. Oh, this is simply wonderful! I am going to call a meeting for tomorrow night at Phoebe's house. Just you, me and a few other Sisters—you know whom I mean. We need to discuss matters and papers will have to be drawn up. Both Estelle and Justine are attorneys you know."

"Yes, I know."

"I'd meet with you in the afternoon but I have a doctor's appointment."

"Tomorrow night's fine."

Lenore's voice was becoming more animated by the minute.

"You will have to be initiated, but that's just a simple formality. It won't take long. You'll have to sign some papers…but we'll go over all that tomorrow. How does 7:00 PM sound to you?"

"That's fine."

"Good. I'll call Phoebe as soon as I get off the phone with you and let her know. Got to run."

"Lenore?"

"Yes, my dear?"

"I just want you to know that it was Craig who helped me make my decision."

"Really?"

"Really. He can be very influential when he wants to be."

Lenore laughed. "Well, please give him a big kiss from me and tell him that I think he's wonderful. See you tomorrow night chéri!"

Craig and I spent the rest of the day making love and at 5:00 PM I took a cab back to the chateau. When my aunt saw me she greeted me with open arms, congratulating me on my decision. Charlotte was there too, looking every bit like the cat that got the cream.

"This is a momentous event," she said, hugging me. "What do you think, Phoebe? Will she not make a great leader of our Order?"

"I have no doubt about it," my aunt replied. Her voice was airy and light, a refreshing change from her more recent gloomy ramblings. "So, all of us will be meeting here tomorrow night."

"Yes," I replied. "I guess Lenore can't wait to get things rolling."

"Perfectly understandable. She's excited for you—and for all of us. You've taken a great burden off her shoulders."

Charlotte agreed. "And ours too!"

"Well, I'm glad of that," I said smiling. "I just want to do what's best for our Order."

Both women encircled me with their arms and hugged me close. "Just as it should be, my dear," my aunt Phoebe said. "Just as it should be."

************


After sharing dinner with my aunt and Charlotte, the three of us spent the better part of the evening discussing my decision and the ramifications—both real and imagined—related to it. On certain issues I was quite clear; on others, I was not. My aunt and Charlotte both reassured me that Lenore would explain everything to my satisfaction, and that those cloudy areas would, in time, also be made clear. I said goodnight to both of them around 1:00 AM and went to bed. However, I did not fall asleep for several hours later, as my mind kept reflecting upon not only the Sisterhood, but also upon Craig. When I did finally close my eyes, it was Craig's loving arms that held me close.

Things began to transpire very quickly once I had made the decision to take on the role of Sisterhood leader. No sooner had I told Lenore than the calls started coming in from my Sisterhood colleagues. Felicia Antonetti was the first to offer me congratulations, followed by Estelle, Justine, Dr. Monroe, Janet Walsh, and a whole slew of people whom I barely knew. My aunt got so disgusted with all the phone calls I was getting that she turned off the ringer and let the answering machine take the remainder of the calls.

"I think we got over one hundred phone calls between yesterday night and this morning," she said to me as I was preparing to have my breakfast. "They all want to be your friend now—even the ones who don't like you."

"It's okay, aunt Phoebe. I know who my real friends are."

"Well, let me warn you. Even they will be tapping you on the shoulder before too long."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that even your friends will be asking you for favors. Everyone wants to be in the winner's circle. But don't worry. Lenore and her girls will be running interference for you. At least for as long as it will take you to get on your feet."

"I don't see how I can make any mistakes you with you, Lenore, and all the rest of them watching over me."

"Oh, believe me, you will. It's part of the job. But you'll get the hang of it. You'll have to because you won't always have Lenore and auntie Phoebe to rely on."

"I hope that won't be for a very long time."

"I hope so. But fate has a way of interfering with one's plans."

My aunt's face suddenly looked sad. On the mantel next to where she stood was a picture of her, my uncle Pierre, and my cousin Angelique. It was a very old picture taken when my cousin was probably no more than five or six years old. In the picture they were all smiling, and to the observer would have given absolutely no clue as to the horrendous events that were occurring in the family at that time. Seeing their happy faces, I could scarcely believe that my uncle, looking so handsome and debonair in the picture, could actually have beaten his wife and sexually abused his child.

"The fates can be cruel, Holly," she said, carefully studying the picture. "Very cruel."

"Do you want to talk about it auntie?"

"There's nothing to talk about. Pierre is out of my life and so is my daughter it seems. I have to think of myself now."

She stared at the picture for a few moments more and then quickly walked out of the room without another word.

The meeting took place at 7:00 PM as planned. Lenore arrived a half hour early with both Estelle and Justine, each of whom were carrying valises containing paperwork related to my situation. My aunt and Charlotte had prepared a small buffet, which all of us partook of before getting down to business. Lenore reported to us that her visit to the doctor went very well, and that she was reacting positively to the prescribed medication. She looked much better than she had when she last paid me a visit, and it was refreshing to see her so buoyant and vital.

After we had eaten, the paperwork was discussed and fully explained to me by Justine and Estelle. The powers I would be granted would be immense, as I would be, in effect, the supreme head of the entire worldwide Sisterhood Order. All that was now required to effect this transfer of power from Lenore to me was my signature. With some hesitation, I signed on the proverbial dotted line.

"Congratulations Holly," Lenore said, shaking my hand. "Or should I say, 'Sister' Holly!"

"Is this it then?" I asked her. "Am I the official leader of the Sisterhood?"

"Yes, you are," Justine said as she handed me my copy of the signed documents. "I would keep these in a safe place."

She handed the documents to me and I placed them in a drawer in the sideboard behind me.

"As I told you Holly," Lenore began, "there will be a small initiation ceremony that you will have to attend. We can set that up for a few days from now. It's just a formality. Legally, you are now the head of our Order. How do you feel about that?"

I shook my head numbly. "It's going to take some time to sink in. I have so much to learn."

"That's why we are here," Estelle said. "To help you get acquainted with your duties and responsibilities."

"Oh, you make it sound like a drudgery!" my aunt said good-naturedly. "There will be plenty of time for such things after she has been officially installed. For the present, let's enjoy ourselves."

"What do you mean, 'officially installed'?" I asked my aunt.

"You know, there's got to be a ceremony. "An official ceremony to welcome you into the Order."

"It's similar to what your aunt when through," Charlotte said to me, "only a hundred times more extravagant."

"And where is this ceremony going to be held?" I asked her.

"Here, of course," my aunt responded. "Where else is there?"

Lenore rested her hand on my shoulder. "You have to understand, Holly. There may well be over a thousand Sisters attending this event. Your aunt's chateau is the only place big enough to handle such a crowd. It's going to be magnificent!" She raised her glass to me, as did the others, in salutation. "To our Sister Holly! May she reign with wisdom, honor, and courage!"

As the hours passed our discussions centered less upon Sisterhood matters than about my relationship with Craig. Lenore had recalled that it was Craig who had convinced me to accept her offer to lead the Sisterhood, and she only had wonderful things to say about that.

"Such a fine young man," she began. "A rare gentleman. You are lucky to have someone like that in your life, Holly. Don't let him get away."

"I don't intend to," I assured her.

"Do you think you two might get married?" Justine asked.

"Not anytime soon. We both have other obligations and frankly I'm just not ready."

"Well in a way that's good," Charlotte said. "You're very young and you have plenty of time for that. It's not something you should rush into anyway."

"Agreed," my aunt said. "Especially now that my darling niece is our new leader, she'll have her hands full with running this organization. There's no harm in waiting, Holly. No harm at all."

At precisely 11:00 PM the front doorbell rang. Because of the nature of our meeting, my aunt had dismissed all the servants for the day, so it was she who rose to answer the door.

"Are you expecting someone, Phoebe?" Lenore asked her.

"No," my aunt replied as she promptly exited the room.

For a few moments we heard nothing and then, suddenly, an exchange of words and the sound of the front door closing.

"Phoebe? Who is it?" Lenore asked in a rising voice.

My aunt didn't offer a reply. Instead, she came walking back into the room looking somewhat flushed, and following behind her appearing every bit as flushed was Angelique, dressed in a skin-tight black leather dress and black high-heel boots. Her long blonde hair fell almost to her buttocks and the large, hypnotic blue eyes surveyed the room with quick and furtive movements, at last resting their malevolent gaze upon me.

I, as well as all the other women in the room, was startled to see this unwelcome visitor suddenly appear after months of self-enforced hiding. And to show up at this late hour unannounced was quite rude, despite the fact that her actions were in keeping with her natural, self-absorbed personality. I regarded her with deep suspicion and saw that no one, not even my aunt, was happy to see her. Without being asked, Angelique took a seat near the window from opposite of where I sat.

"Well, this is quite a surprise," my aunt said to Angelique in a voice quavering with repressed anger. "No contact with you for two months and then you just show up at my door. I thought I'd raised my child with better manners than that. Why are you here?"

Angelique did not answer right away. Instead, she threw me a menacing glance and then looked at her mother with an expression I can only describe as lightly veiled contempt. I saw not one vestige of familial affection in her face, only an icy coldness that pervaded her every movement and expression, casting an impure pale upon the entire room.

"I think you know why," she answered coldly, her voice dripping with malice. "You've made this creature," she said, pointing at me, "your new leader. I found out not long after you did, thanks to a certain few loyal Sisters."

"I'm sure you didn't come here to congratulate your cousin," my aunt retorted. "Again I ask you. Why are you here?"

"It's simple mother. I came here tonight to tell you that your little plan is not going to work. You think Holly is going to make everything right again. You think she is the answer to all your problems. You're just deluding yourself. You are all deluding yourselves."

"Is that right?" my aunt replied. "And who are you to tell us we're deluded? You're the one who thinks the entire world revolves around you. Therefore, I would say it is you who is deluded, not us."

A slight, sinister smile appeared on my cousin's lips. "You're wrong. I see things very clearly. You're afraid of me. All of you are—especially you, Holly. And you should be. Has Lenore told you that you are losing adherents at the rate of thousands per month? No? I didn't think so. But it's true. They are coming over to my side in droves. And do you know why? Because I have a vision of the Sisterhood that none of you pompous, arrogant fools could ever entertain. And that vision is why people are coming to me. In a very short time there's going to be nothing left of your old Order. Nothing. It's dying away even now as we speak. And you know this Lenore. What you handed over to Holly today is a phantom full of false promises and broken dreams. Your Order is nothing more than a decaying corpse, fit only for worms and the dust. That is what you inherited today Holly. That is Lenore's fucking legacy to you."

Before I had a chance to respond to my cousin's outrageous accusation, Lenore stood up and violently shoved her chair to one side, glowering at Angelique as if she wanted to shove her hate-filled diatribe down her vulgar throat.

"As God as my judge," she began, her face turning red with anger, "if you weren't Phoebe's child I would tear that vicious tongue from your filthy, lying mouth! How dare you come here and insult your mother, and all of us, with your ridiculous accusations? There's no truth to anything you say. It's all conjecture—an invention of your troubled mind."

"You foolish old woman," Angelique spat. "You'd like everyone to believe that wouldn't you? Angelique is crazy. That's what you think, isn't it? Well, fuck you! I'm not crazy and very soon I'm going to prove to you—to all of you—that you made a big mistake in not making me leader of the Sisterhood!"

"What are talking about?" my aunt interjected. "What in God's name are you talking about you sick little child? Didn't we go over all this long ago? Lenore didn't choose you because you're unstable. And what you're saying right now is proof of it."

Angelique threw her head back and laughed. "I'm unstable? Oh, no mother. You got that dead wrong. I'm just one of those people the world calls a 'blessed lunatic'. We're not really crazy, just a bit different from the normal status quo. We're the dreamers, the visionaries…the ones who shape the world in the form of our visions. That's what I've done with the Sisterhood. Not your Sisterhood, my Sisterhood. You took the old Sisterhood away from me, remember? Well, anyway, I've created something new and beautiful with my Sisterhood. Something that did not exist before—and for that I'm called 'crazy'."

My cousin delivered this speech as though she were talking to herself. She even began to giggle at the end of it. I have to admit that it had a disconcerting affect upon me and everyone else. I could tell that my aunt was particularly disturbed by her daughter's odd behavior. It seemed to me as though my cousin spoke as if she were alone in the room and that we had suddenly become nonexistent. For a moment I thought that she might be possessed of some evil spirit, even though I did not believe in such things.

Up until this point I had remained silent. I wanted to hear what my cousin had to say and thought it best to let her speak in the hopes that, in her desire to appear self-important, she might reveal her true motives for coming to see her mother. But now, as she sought to defend those motives, I sensed quite clearly that Angelique was not in her right mind. Her aberrant behavior, so long manifested in all my dealings with her, had not abated with the passage of time. She really believed she was a crusader on some kind of quest—a quixotic type figure who had become the prisoner of her own disordered mind.

"The real reason you came here tonight was to convince all of us to join you," I said to Angelique. "Isn't that the truth?"

"Ah, she finally speaks up! Now there's a great leader for you! She lets her underlings do all the questioning and then when she thinks she has a handle on things, she opens her mouth! Way to go cousin Holly! Way to go!"

"Oh why don't you shut up, Angelique, and go home!" Charlotte said. "Nothing you've said makes any sense whatsoever."

"That's not very nice aunt Charlotte. Not nice at all."

"How can anyone be nice to you?" Justine broke in. "You treat everyone as though they're below you."

"Not everyone, Justine. Just people like you."

"Justine is a lovely person," Estelle said, coming to her friend's defense. "A very lovely person!"

"Ha!" Angelique replied. "That's fine coming from a lawyer!"

"I've heard enough of this," my aunt said, her patience at an end. "Angelique, I want you to leave now. There is nothing to be gained from this conversation. Once again you've shown yourself to be a heartless little bitch. I'm ashamed to say it because you are my daughter. But the truth is the truth. Please get out."

Angelique stood up and looked at me then Lenore, her icy stare sending shivers down my spine.

"I don't miss this place. I don't miss it at all. It's become the repository for bimbos and stupid old women. Go ahead. Sit around here and rot. I don't care. The days of the old Sisterhood Order are coming to an end—and the sooner the better. Goodbye all. You can't say I didn't offer you a chance."

As Angelique moved to exit the room, Lenore intercepted her, putting her hand out to block the willful girl's passage.

"A chance for what?" Lenore asked. "To be like you? To live a life in total abnegation of the principles upon which the Sisterhood was founded? To take something wonderful and honorable and turn it into a mechanism for the maltreatment of others—especially men? Men, whom you think of as nothing more than vermin? Whom you would eagerly crush into the ground under your boot heels simply because they don't add up to much in your exalted opinion? Well, let me tell you my poor, misguided girl that in the grand scheme of things you're the one who doesn't add up to much! And you can take this message back to all those other misguided Sisters who foolishly bought into your act and chose to follow you. Tell them that Lenore has no use for them. Tell them that Lenore will never take them back into the fold of the true Sisterhood. Tell them that I think you are an evil, hateful, and selfish girl who is only concerned with her own twisted desires. And tell them this: that under the new leadership of Holly McKenzie, the one and only true successor to the crown of Antoinette, there will be a reckoning. And all those that are found to be proven false will be cast out. Forever. Go tell them that, you miserable little bitch. Go, before I lose what patience I have and strangle you!"

Angelique stood motionless before this verbal onslaught, never once taking her eyes off Lenore. Then, suddenly, she pushed the older woman aside and hastily ran toward the front door, slamming it shut after her.

Lenore was visibly shaken and fumbled to find her chair, at last falling into it with a great thud. Her face had gone from beet red to pale in a matter of seconds and she was breathing hard.

"Oh, my God!" my aunt cried out as she, and all of us, rushed toward our fallen friend. "What is it, honey? Are you all right?"

"I'm…I'm sorry," Lenore replied breathing fast. "I shouldn't have said those things…she is your daughter after all. Forgive me, Phoebe."

"She deserved what she got. Here, drink some water."

My aunt handed Lenore a glass of water, but she couldn't seem to hold the object in her hand. "No, take it away," Lenore said, her breathing becoming shallow and irregular.

"I'm calling an ambulance right now," Charlotte said, reaching for the phone.

Estelle took Lenore's hand in hers and began taking her pulse. There was worry written all over her face. "You should lie down."

The Sisterhood leader lifted her eyes up to meet her associate's gaze but she said nothing.

"Lenore?" Justine said, her voice filled with emotion. "Do you want to lie down?"

"No…just let me…catch my breath."

"She should lie down Justine," Estelle suggested. "She just needs to get her breathing under control. Come on, Lenore. Easy does it. Take a normal deep breath…in an out, in and out."

"Let's move her onto the couch," my aunt advised. "Come on girls, give me a hand."

Charlotte was still on the phone as my aunt, Justine, Estelle and I lifted Lenore off the chair and dragged her limp body to the couch. I stuck some throw pillows under her head to make her comfortable while Estelle and Justine tried to coordinate her breathing.

"She's so cold!" Justine remarked.

"Her blood pressure is dropping," Estelle said. "Phoebe, put a blanket on her."

My aunt immediately removed her shoes and threw an afghan over her to keep her warm. I felt helpless to do anything. In the presence of these women I hardly felt like a Sisterhood leader. If anything, I felt like a little child who can do nothing but defer to the wisdom and competence of her superiors. Seeing my turmoil, my aunt suggested that I talk to Lenore while she and the others ministered to the stricken woman.

"The ambulance will be here in ten minutes," Charlotte said, as she looked down upon her fallen comrade.

As I took up a chair beside Lenore she slowly turned her head toward me and smiled faintly. She seemed to be trying to tell me something but lacked the strength to do so.

"Won't you take some water?" I asked her as I caressed her face with my hand.

She shook her head once from side to side.

"Not even a little?"

Again, she indicated with a nod of her head that she didn't want any.

"Okay," I said softly. "You just rest here and we'll take care of you until the ambulance comes."

As the minutes went by her condition seemed to get worse. The first to notice this was Estelle, who was now crying uncontrollably; her tears falling fast and hot upon the blanket covering her friend. Justine, the less emotional of the two, paced up and down like a cat that had been caged too long, looking out the window and finally the front door for the first sign of the ambulance. Charlotte barely said a word. She sat in the corner of the room, legs crossed, her head bowed low as if in prayer. Only my aunt and I seemed to maintain our composure—the unyielding Anjou blood that always held out hope to the very last—this was our blessing and our curse.

In the distance I heard the sound of a siren and knew that help was coming. Justine cried out in elation upon hearing its strident cry, and I heard the sound of the front door swinging wide open.

"The ambulance is here!" she cried.

"Lenore? Can you hear me, darling?" my aunt said, gently laying her hand over her friend's cold hand. "They're coming. You're going to be all right."

"I don't think she can hear you, auntie."

"Wake up, Lenore," my aunt persisted. "We're taking you to the hospital. Come on, my love. It's time to go."

Lenore made no movement. I now felt my eyes start to well up with tears. Even I, who had never experienced death up close, could tell the woman was slipping away. Her breathing had become so shallow by now that she barely moved. I don't know why I did it, but I put my right arm under her head and pulled her close to me thinking that I could somehow transfer some of my youthful energy to her. "Auntie?" I sobbed, unable any longer to control my emotions.

"I know, honey. I know," she said rubbing away the tears from my face. She then called out to Justine. "What's going on?"

"They're here!" Justine replied. "I'm coming, Phoebe!"

"Hurry!" my aunt shouted back. She grabbed Lenore's left hand hard. "God damn it girl don't let go!"

"We've got to do something!" Estelle implored. "She can't die!"

"What do you want us to do?" Charlotte said, her face streaming with tears. "The doctors are here now. They'll take care of her."

Just then I heard the ambulance come to a screeching halt on the driveway outside, followed by the sound of several voices giving directions in French. Suddenly, Lenore's eyes opened and she turned her head ever so slightly in my direction. It seemed to have taken all her strength, but she managed to move her lips ever so slightly. I leaned my head toward her face trying to make out the words.

"Je t'aime," she said, her voice as thin as the air surrounding us.

"Je t'aime aussi," I replied, kissing her face.

Her eyes closed once more and then her breathing ceased.

For a few moments a tranquil stillness had come over all of us. The only sound being that of the medical technicians frantically running down the hallway toward us. My aunt's face registered first disbelief, then shock. It was inconceivable that such a woman as Lenore could die. But she had. She had died in my arms.

"Oh, no…no…dear God no!" my aunt wailed. "My best friend! Don't leave me darling! Don't leave me all alone!" She threw her arms around the dead woman, weeping bitterly.

I turned to see Justine standing dumbfounded in the doorway, her hands raised up to her face, ignoring the medical personnel as they ran past her to administer first aid. Charlotte, herself overcome with grief, tried to console my aunt, but it was of no use. It took three men to pry her away from Lenore's body, and when they did they discovered that the former Sisterhood leader was beyond their help.

Estelle took my hand and led me away from the dead woman. I felt her push my head to her breast, caressing me, consoling me, as a mother does to a frightened child. I wept for a long time as she held me close to her—our tears mingling together to form one large river of sorrow. And even as I lamented the death of my beloved mentor and friend, I thought of Angelique, and how she had been the cause of Lenore's misfortune. The war between my cousin and I was indeed coming, and I swore an oath there and then to the memory of my mentor that I would not rest until that hateful creature had paid for her crimes in full.

************


The Marceau family, which consisted of an older brother and two younger sisters, was contacted by Justine and Estelle a short while after Lenore's death. The attendant doctor had confirmed that her death had been caused by a massive stroke. At the request of the Marceau family, Lenore's body was taken to the family estate in Lourdes and buried in the family mausoleum. Being a Roman Catholic, Lenore's life was celebrated with a wake and a mass. There were so many people at the funeral home that special hours had to be arranged to accommodate them all. The bulk of those people were Sisters—many of whom I had never met before.

On the fourth day the funeral procession and burial took place. I was somewhat disappointed to find that none of her family was anything remotely like my esteemed mentor. Not one of her siblings seemed to possess her love of life, her wit, or her spontaneity. I thought at first that the somberness of the occasion was the reason, but even after Lenore had been entombed and everyone was socializing at the requisite dinner, her brother and sisters maintained an arrogant, almost patrician, snobbery toward all of her friends. My aunt explained to me that her siblings had never understood Lenore's involvement with the Sisterhood, believing the organization to be corrupt and perverse. I was grateful that my aunt and I were leaving for home the following day.

Lenore would be a tough act to follow and I knew it. I still had much to learn about how the Sisterhood operated but, thankfully, my aunt, Charlotte, and especially Justine and Estelle, were of enormous help to me. Before long I learned the entire history of the Sisterhood, which consisted of much more than simply the lore surrounding Antoinette and the beginnings of the Order. Within a month's time I had become quite knowledgeable about the inner workings of the Order, from both a business and legal standpoint, and felt comfortable dealing with any issues concerning its operation. For much of this, I had both Justine and Estelle to thank.

Lenore had left the bulk of her estate to the Sisterhood. She had also left lavish gifts of money to my aunt, Justine and Estelle. To me she bequeathed an annual stipend of $100,000 per year, her red Ferrari, and her entire library collection consisting of many rare and priceless books dating back to the French Revolution. Many of these books were written by the great French philosophers and statesmen of the Enlightenment, and many were first editions. Their combined worth went far beyond their actual physical appraisal.

The ceremony to mark my official installation into the Sisterhood took place in mid-September in the main hall of the Masturbatorium. As Lenore had informed me, roughly one thousand people came to attend the event—some from the most distant parts of the globe. I learned later that many who had come did so because they wanted to see who this young "wunderkind" was. This was mostly due to the great public relations efforts of Justine and Estelle, who now worked painstakingly on my behalf. The two-day ceremony concluded with me getting my black Sisterhood robe and a silver crown, which supposedly once belonged to Antoinette herself. Being forbidden to attend, Mary Kate and Ashley called to congratulate me on my appointment. They were in England filming a new movie and told me that they hoped to see me in the coming months.

Following the ceremony, I decided to take a flight back to San Diego to visit my family. During this time Craig went to visit his family in Stockholm, the idea being that we would reunite again in Paris after our trips had concluded. I spent a month in San Diego catching up on family business and my own personal affairs that needed my attention. It did me good to get away from the chateau for a while. The sadness associated with recent events and the lingering anxiety I felt toward my coming confrontation with Angelique was somewhat assuaged in the light of the California sun. The only person I really missed besides my aunt was Craig.

By the middle of October I was back at my aunt's chateau. I was excited because Craig would be arriving in a few days and I made arrangements with my aunt for him to stay with us instead of spending a fortune on a hotel. My aunt readily agreed and offered to give us a suite of rooms that overlooked the outdoor pool and surrounding gardens. On the day before Craig was due to arrive, my aunt and I were sitting out on the veranda enjoying lunch when she waxed nostalgic about her old home.

"I've lived here now for almost 23 years but I still miss San Diego. What does it look like these days?"

"It hasn't changed all that much since you last lived there, auntie, except that the air is barely breathable."

"It's that damn smog. It's always been like that. I'm more worried about that really big earthquake that's supposed to hit within the next 30 years. That's going to do some severe damage, that one."

"That's what the scientists say."

"And I think they're right."

"So why would you want to go back there to live?"

"I guess for the same reason that everyone else lives there. It's beautiful."

"It's beautiful here, too. And there's no danger of you being swallowed up by an earthquake."

"The likelihood is remote I'll admit, but San Diego does have its charms."

We continued to eat for several minutes in silence and then she resumed the conversation. I could tell that something was bothering her by the way she pecked at her food—a telltale sign that she was preoccupied.

"You know, I think I just might move back to San Diego."

"Are you serious? And give up all this?"

"All what?"

"This!" I said, pointing to the house and the vineyards beyond. "This is your home. You've made a life for yourself here. Why would you want to leave it?"

My aunt fumbled with her food, first raising her fork to her mouth and then returning it to her plate. "While you were away I had a lot of time to think about my life. And I have to tell you, Holly, that the past few years have not been very good to me. My husband and I are divorced, my daughter has turned into a psychopath, and my best friend is dead. There are a lot of unpleasant memories associated with this place and I don't know if I really want to live here anymore. As far as the Sisterhood goes, they have a chapter in San Diego, so that's no big deal. There really is nothing keeping me here. I mean, think about it. These material things you seem to think are so important mean nothing to me. Once the people associated with them are either dead or gone, there is very little comfort to be found in them. Yes, friends come to visit from time to time, but for the most part I'm alone. Can you imagine living in this chateau by yourself? Well, that's what I've been doing these past several weeks: haunting these rooms like some kind of somnambulist. It's no fun to be left to your own devices for too long, believe me. Sooner or later you end up going mad or hanging yourself from the rafters. That's not how I want to end up."

I had stopped eating halfway through her speech, realizing that if she were serious about moving then I would also have to make a decision about where to live. It would be hard to give up the Masturbatorium, but I would have to, not having my aunt's vast reserves of wealth to rely upon. I'd also have to make other housing arrangements for myself and Craig—if I decided to remain in France at all.

"It seems like you've made up your mind already," I said.

"No. But I'm seriously considering it. Don't worry, Holly. I promise I won't leave you high and dry. I'm just giving you fair warning, that's all."

"I understand aunt Phoebe. We still have plenty of time. But if you did leave, I don't think I would want to remain here either. Without you, I'd be lost."

My aunt grabbed my hand from across the table and looked me in the eye. "You are the daughter I wished Angelique would have been. I can't lie to you and tell you that I hate her. I don't. I feel pity for her because she is deeply troubled. I've done everything I could to help her, but she refuses to help herself. Both Lenore and Charlotte warned me many years ago that she would be the cause of my suffering, and they were right. But then you came into our lives and changed all that. You gave us hope, Holly. And no power on earth can ever deprive us of that. Lenore understood it better than anyone."

She let go of my hand and took a small sip of wine. She looked like she was on the verge of crying.

"I miss her very much," I said, lifting my eyes toward the horizon.

"It's a pity that she is not alive now to see your rise to greatness. She always loved you, Holly. And she believed in you when even I had my doubts. You were the daughter she never had."

"I only hope that I will prove to be a worthy successor."

My aunt smiled. "Of that I have no doubt."

We continued our conversation for a short while longer and then we decided to spend the evening watching old romance movies together. My aunt's attitude seemed to perk up in my presence, and I knew that she was glad to have me back home with her. But she had given me a lot of food for thought that day, and although I had appreciated her honesty, I still had to come up with some kind of plan in case she did actually go through with hers. Even the thought of seeing Craig tomorrow could not alleviate the encroaching uncertainty I felt for the immediate future.

Jake drove my aunt and I to the airport the following day to pick up Craig, who was coming in on the 2:30 PM flight from Stockholm. As soon as I saw him walking briskly past the terminal booth I rushed into his arms and kissed him passionately. Both he and I had gotten tanned during our separate trips and he looked more handsome than ever. Jake helped him pack his luggage in the limo and before long we were on our way home.

"So, how was your trip?" my aunt asked him.

"I had a great time, Ms. Anjou. Got to spend time with my mom and dad and my two sisters. But all the time I was looking forward to coming back here to see Holly."

"I felt the same way," I admitted to him. "It was nice seeing the old homestead but without you it just wasn't the same."

My aunt laughed. "That's what love will do to you. And being apart for a little while will make you appreciate each other a lot more. Take my word for it."

"All I know is that the man I love is here with me and that's all that counts," I said, kissing him on the cheek several times.

All three of us had dinner on the veranda that evening. The weather had been singularly mild for the middle of October and it was delightful taking our repast out under the stars. Our cook had prepared a wonderful dinner of filet mignon with creamed asparagus that my aunt and I thoroughly enjoyed. Craig, however, being a vegetarian, stuck with the asparagus and bread. I had completely forgotten his dietary preferences and apologized for my thoughtlessness. I promised him we would have some meatless dishes for him the following night. That evening we made love until the sun began to poke its head above the horizon. For the time being, all was right with the world.

************


On the weekend following Craig's arrival, my aunt took us out to dinner at Le Trois. As she, Craig and I walked into the restaurant I noticed that the place was empty—not one patron in sight.

"This can't be possible," I said to my aunt. "Where is everybody?"

To my sheer delight, the doors that divided the main dining area from the suite of private function rooms in the back opened wide and out poured a crowd of people shouting my name. Mary Kate and Ashley were first in the long line of people that came running out the doors in one giant exodus.

"Oh, my God!" I exclaimed. "What is all this?"

"They were forbidden to attend your coronation so I thought we'd have a party just for them," my aunt informed me happily.

"Did you know about this?" I asked Craig.

"Your aunt told me about it yesterday," he confessed.

"Aunt Phoebe you're a sneaky woman! But thank you! This is really cool!"

I didn't have time to say much else because the crowd of well wishers quickly descended upon me en masse, hugging me, kissing me, shaking my hand, creating a general, if not subdued, pandemonium. The twins were the first to throw their arms around me and offer their congratulations.

"So you're the big cheese in town now, aren't you Sister Holly?" Ashley sang.

"I guess I am," I replied modestly.

"Well, don't let it go to your head," Mary Kate laughed. "We aren't going to like you anymore if you start trying to boss us around."

"I won't, I promise," I assured her.

I had no time to talk to them further as they were quickly pushed aside as other celebrities vied for my attention.

"Congratulations, Holly," Drew said to me as she offered her hand. "I think you're going to make a great leader. The Sisterhood is lucky to have you."

"Thanks, Drew. I can hardly believe it myself. So much has happened since I last saw you."

"Well, we have the whole evening so you can tell me everything later. I'll be sitting…"

Teri, who was holding a camera in her hand, cut her off in mid-sentence. "Yes, we know Drew, you'll be sitting with the Olsen sisters and me. Come on. Smile Holly. Let's have a quick pic!"

No sooner had she taken the picture than she was pushed aside by Madonna and Britney, both of them dressed in elegant gowns—one white, one black. I had never seen Britney so thin.

"How's it going, Holly?" Madonna asked. "You look fucking great!"

"She always looks good," Britney said, as she leaned in to give me a kiss on the cheek.

At my aunt's suggestion, I had chosen to wear my favorite emerald-green evening dress with an emerald choker. Its effect was not lost on Craig.

"Amen to that ladies," Craig said, shaking the women's hands. "Green is her color all right."

"It's so great of you guys to come," I said to the two stars. "Thank you so much!"

The parade of celebrities kept on coming. I think there must have been at least three hundred people in that modestly sized room. Some of the people I recognized were Brooke Shields, Lindsay Lohan, Katie Couric, Kelly Ripa, Gwen Stefani, Deborah Norville, Cher, Patti LaBelle, Hayden Panettiere, Beyonce, Alicia Silverstone, Billie Piper, Alyssa Milano, Drea de Matteo, Leann Rimes, Paris Hilton, and many more I did not even know.

I spent the next half hour greeting people, and I hadn't even gone past the hostess station. My aunt Phoebe began to mingle with the crowd while Craig remained by my side. Justine, Estelle, Charlotte, Felicia, Janet, and Dr. Monroe were all there, chatting it up with my aunt and several other Sisters. Beyond Craig, I saw no other men in the crowd. But suddenly, from the corner of my eye, I noticed a rather large form come hulking out from behind a group of Sisters and looking every bit like a handsome, modern-day Hercules. It was Barney Cole. And next to him stood Jacques LaSalle and François Villon, both of them dressed in formal suits and having a great time.

"Hey!" I said to Craig. "Look who's here?" I pointed to where Barney was standing and called out his name several times.

As soon as Barney laid his eyes on us, he ran over and gave both Craig and I a great, big hug. He was all smiles.

"Hey brother!" he said to Craig. "Good to see you, man!"

"You too, bro! No one told me you were coming."

"Ms. Anjou wanted me to kept it a secret from you. She wanted to surprise the both of you!"

"Leave it to my aunt!" I said, as I shook yet another celebrity's hand.

"I think she has ulterior motives for inviting us guys here tonight."

"Like what?" I asked.

"Like we're supposed to provide the entertainment?" Barney chuckled.

Craig's eyes lit up. "You mean…"

"That's right bro. Hope you got your mojo working! I'll catch up with you two later,"

Barney gave me a quick kiss as he gingerly sidestepped the incessant onrush of people and headed back to his male counterparts on the other side of the room.

Just when I thought I couldn't kiss another face or shake another hand, my aunt got the crowd's attention and ordered them to sit down at their tables so that the waiters could take their orders. She had made sure that there were no male personnel on board that evening, so therefore all the wait staff were female. Both François and Jacques came over to my table to congratulate me and then disappeared into the crowd.

Seated at out table were Justine, Estelle and Charlotte, all of them looking radiant in their stunning evening gowns. My aunt, wearing a simple crimson dress with a string of pearls around her neck, looked absolutely stunning. For the first time in many months she resembled the sophisticated, exuberant woman I had always known her to be. It did my heart good to see her having fun again. My only regret was that Lenore was not here to enjoy it with her.

After dinner had commenced, Madonna and Britney performed some of their hit songs for the crowd. A few others joined in the performance with Gwen Stefani and Leann Rimes taking over the singing chores for a while. It was almost surreal to see so many famous people in one room at one time, and I almost broke down in tears because I was so overjoyed. To accomplish this feat had to take exquisite timing and persuasion, both of which my aunt had in abundance. It reinforced the point that my aunt was a very powerful woman in the world outside the Sisterhood. Seeing what she had accomplished in bringing all these rich, famous and powerful people under one roof made me feel great respect toward her, knowing that it was mostly due to her efforts that it had been achieved.

Toward the end of the musical performance, my aunt turned to Craig and whispered in his ear. He shook his head in agreement and rose from his chair.

"Okay, what's going on?" I asked my aunt.

"You just sit there and relax my dear girl and let auntie take care of everything." She looked at Craig and he seemed to understand what she meant. Kissing me on my lips he hurriedly made his way to the rear of the room, disappearing behind a mass of people and furniture.

"What are you up to?" I asked her.

"No good, of course," my aunt replied mischievously.

She refused to tell me what she had planned, but I knew it was going to involve naked men in some kind of perverse entertainment. I think we waited for roughly fifteen minutes and then some funky techno music came blaring from the loudspeakers. On the stage where Madonna had just performed now stood Craig, Barney, François, and Jacques, their excellent physiques highlighted in a wash of multicolored lights. They were dressed only in thongs.

As soon as women saw them the entire room broke out in one giant roar. All four men began dancing to the beat of the music, sometimes inviting the females in the audience to join them. I was sitting at a table directly in front of the stage, so I got a birds-eye view of the show. Several celebrities couldn't resist jumping up on the stage to dance with the quartet of handsome men. Madonna, Kelly, Gwen, Katie…at least forty to fifty women were onstage at one time dancing alongside the men, twisting and gyrating their bodies in every conceivable way.

As the show progressed and the women became more inebriated, the guys were asked to remove their thongs. It was obvious that the women who had danced with them had gotten them erect, and each man by now was bulging at the seams.

To the chorus of "Take it off! Take it off!" the four men slowly pulled down their thongs until the tips of their cocks became visible above the elastic band. With each downward motion of their hands, the crowd urged them on even more; impatient to see what kind of package each man was sporting. Finally, after much teasing, the guys removed their thongs in one coordinated movement, sending the crowd into a frenzy. I knew, as did my aunt and many of the Sisters in attendance, what each man's penis looked like, both flaccid and in its fully erect state. We also knew what kind of orgasm could be expected from each of them. However, with the exception of Mary Kate and Ashley, the rest of the audience had absolutely no idea what to expect, and when they saw the size of each man's cock—especially the 12 ¾" specimens sported by both Craig and Barney—they gasped in collective awe.

"Look at the size of those mother fuckers!" Katie exclaimed, staring longingly at both Barney and Craig's equipment. "And those balls! They're so fucking big!"

Madonna and Britney stood side by side in total amazement as they surveyed the four hard cocks jutting out before them. I think Madonna wanted to pull on Jacques huge tool because she kept at him to masturbate by making lewd, open-fisted, jerk-off movements with her right hand. She even offered him a tube of hand cream to get him started. Jacques took the tube from her and began applying the white cream to his penis, then passed it along to the other men. She and Britney laughed as they watched the cute Frenchman's cock grow to even more expansive dimensions under the influence of the greasy lube.

"Yeah," the Material Girl shouted. "Get it really big for us baby. Keep jerking it off! Go for it!"

All the men by now had applied the lube to their huge cocks and were masturbating with complete abandon. Mary Kate and Ashley rushed to our table to get an unimpeded view of the performance, laughing and teasing the men with lewd comments. I, too, was caught up in the risqué sexual exhibition, urging Craig to hurry up and shoot his load first. From then on, it became a contest to see which one of the handsome and horny studs could cream first.

"I'll bet you ten to one that Barney loses his load before the others," my aunt said to me.

"Why do you say that?"

"Look at his balls. They're the most distended of all of them."

"Okay. Meaning what?"

"That he probably has a huge store of sperm in them."

"You could be right," Mary Kate said. "The last time he ejaculated for us his balls were in the same condition."

"Yeah," Ashley agreed. "Bursting with spunk."

"Come on, Barney!" Mary Kate shouted at him. "Let's see some of that hot cum!

Barney heard her and smiled back. His hand was now feverishly working his tool in frantic up and down motions. I was forced to agree with my aunt and the twins—Barney's big black balls were ready to launch.

Suddenly the handsome black man screamed aloud and thrust his hips out while simultaneously planting both feet wide apart in front of him. Craig and the other two men stopped pumping their shafts to watch Barney climax. It was Mary Kate who delivered the final coaxing words.

"Ropes of sperm, Barney!" she yelled over the din. "I want to see ropes of sperm!"

Barney looked straight at the beautiful, lust-crazed twin and pointed his enormous organ straight at her. To coax him even more, Mary Kate seductively stuck out her tongue and ran it over her lips, as if waiting to taste his load. That was all it took.

A thick, pasty wad of semen shot out of the huge ebony shaft and careened outward over the first several rows of startled women, sailing completely over Mary Kate's head and finding its mark on the face and hair of Katie Couric. The newscaster shouted with glee as she stood there bathed in Barney's hot sperm. This was followed by six or seven continuous ejaculations that followed a similar trajectory, splashing into a group of celebrities that had the misfortune to be standing in its path. Mary Kate was untouched.

"Nice shooting Barney!" the lusty twin shouted, doubling over with laughter.

But Mary Kate had not counted on Barney's enormous capacity to produce multiple cumshots. As she once again stood up straight she was greeted with a huge volley of white-hot spunk that coated her from head to toe. The amazed twin stood there dripping with cum, surprised but not in the least offended. Ashley could not contain her laughter. And the entire audience followed suit.

"Enough ropes for you?" Ashley screamed, as she fell to the floor laughing.

Barney was laughing too, as were all the other guys. It was a tremendous orgasm. I think he must have hit over a dozen women with his errant sperm shower. The other guys started to work on their tools in earnest now.

"I told you he would cum first," my aunt reminded me. "I know my men."

"I guess you do, aunt Phoebe," I concurred.

"And I'll make another prediction. Craig will cum last."

"How do you know that?" I asked somewhat skeptically.

"I can't know for sure but you and he have been sexually active right?"

"You know we have, auntie."

"Then it's a good guess that his supplies have been diminished."

"Oh, you mean he's less horny now because he's cum a few times today."

"Did he really?"

"Well, as a matter of fact, he came four times."

My aunt gave me a look from the corner of her eye and chuckled. "This should be interesting!"

Teri Hatcher had had enough of watching from the sidelines. Without any warning she got up on the stage and took over control of Mr. Villon's extra-long appendage. It looked to me like he was ready to cum at any moment, but Teri apparently wanted to be the one to bring him over the edge. He stood there dumbly, letting her play with his stiff member, using both hands to get him to shoot. The crowd was going crazy.

Suddenly I saw Brook Shields jump on the stage and she joined Teri in the mutual masturbation of Mr. Villon. They seemed to be having a lot of fun teasing his big cock with their lovely long fingers. Teri asked for a little more lube and Craig gave it to her, watching on in amazement as the two beautiful women worked the cream into Mr. Villon's cock and balls. It didn't take long for their handiwork to pay off.

His head rearing back like a wild animal in pain, Mr. Villon stretched out his hands and grasped both women by their shoulders as he was overtaken by a powerful orgasm. Brooke pulled up on his shaft with one long and hard stoke while Teri squeezed his huge testicles.

"Watch everybody!" the leggy brunette laughed.

No sooner had she said those words than Mr. Villon's entire body stiffened up and his prick fired off one huge cumshot after another. Multiple spurts of sperm flew out of the tip of his tormented penis to sail out into the audience, coating the floor with a sticky residue of cum.

Brooke was beside herself with laughter as she watched one of the long-reaching cumshots hit her friend Alicia Silverstone square in the face.

"Bulls eye!" Alicia screamed, as she tried to dodge several more eruptions of sperm.

Both Teri and Brooke's hands were completely covered with cum as they found their way offstage. The crowd was enjoying the show immensely and I found, as I always did, the act of watching men masturbate extremely erotic.

Both Barney and Mr. Villon had left the stage to clean up and get dressed. Now it became a game of who was going to cum first again.

"Hey, I have an idea!" Mary Kate said to me. "Why don't you jerk off Craig and Ash and I will jerk off Jacques?"

"Yeah, but that's not fair," Ashley said. "You know, it's like two to one."

"Okay," her sister agreed. "So get someone to help you Holly."

"Like who?"

"I don't know. How about your aunt Phoebe?"

I'm not sure if she said this as a joke, but it took me by surprise. Before I could say anything, my aunt grabbed me by the hand.

"You're on, Mary Kate. Let's go Holly."

"I think this is going to blow Craig's mind," I told her as we made our way onto the stage.

"I'd prefer it if he blows his load," my aunt laughed.

When Craig saw the both of us approach, he looked at me a bit awkwardly, but my aunt once again intercepted me.

"Don't think this is going to happen again," she said to him as she lubed up her hands. "It's a one-time deal and I'm only doing it because of the circumstances. Do you think you can shoot your load before Jacques does?"

"I'm super horny Ms. Anjou. And with both you and Holly working on my prick, I think I'm gonna have the greatest orgasm of my life."

"Then go for it. Make us proud."

She passed the tube to me and I quickly applied the lotion to my hands. Mary Kate and Ashley were already at work on Jacques, using both of their hands on his immense schlong to get him to cum.

"Christ! You have a really fucking nice cock!" my aunt told Craig as she ran her hands along the full length of him. "I always wanted to feel what it was like. Sorry Holly. But he does have some hell of a tool!"

I could only laugh. "Yes, he does. And I should know!"

I began to work in tandem with my aunt's rhythmic movements, making sure that our hands never abandoned his prick or balls. We applied continuous stimulation to his genitals while keeping our rhythm consistent. The twins were also completely absorbed in what they were doing to Jacques. The young man was thoroughly enamored of both girls, watching with fascination as they manipulated his organ for the release of his creamy white seed.

"I've always loved masturbating men," my aunt said to Craig. "Especially when their balls are just brimming over with lots of hot sperm."

"I like that too, auntie," I admitted as I teased the very sensitive area under his cock head called the 'frenulum'.

"Oh, there's nothing like the feeling of power you have over a man when you control his cock. And I love it when they do multiple cumshots. The more the better when it comes to sperm."

"I agree, auntie. I jerk his big dick off every chance I get."

"Because his balls are always so full of cum right?"

"Right. Like right now."

We both could sense that Craig was tremendously turned on by our ribald talk. Already, pre-cum was leaking from the slit of his dick in copious amounts.

"You girls are gonna make me cum!" he cried as our hands frantically jerked his penis up and down at lightning speed.

"I can't wait to see it!" my aunt giggled. "Shoot it all out so that everyone can see too!"

"I will! I will!" he blurted out as he fucked our fists with his throbbing prick.

I took a quick glance over at the twins, and they were now masturbating Jacques with increased urgency in an effort to win the game. The crowd was cheering both teams on, desirous of seeing an explosion of molten hot lava.

"I see a lot froth on those tips!" Madonna joked. "But I don't see any sperm! Come on you fuckers! Give us your cum!"

"Make him cum, Mary Kate!" I heard Patti LaBelle shout.

"Phoebe!" Dr. Monroe exclaimed. "Use the long stroke! Have Holly play with his prostate!"

My aunt and I did as Dr. Monroe suggested, bringing Craig to new heights of bliss. And then everyone was shouting at once, each person advising us what we had to do to bring our man to orgasm.

"I want to see huge fucking ropes of sticky cum!" Mary Kate said to Jacques. "Really long ropes! You got that?"

"Ropes, yes mademoiselle! Sticky ropes of sperm!" he answered, breathing hard.

"We want to see it splash into their faces," Ashley said, kneading his huge testicles with her lovely fingers.

Mary Kate's small, but delicate, fingers became a blur on his cock while Ashley held his bulging ball sack firmly in her hands. It was only a matter of moments now.

"Please, Craig," I whispered in his ear. "Think of what Mrs. Terry and Mrs. Barber would say right now if they saw you shooting your load for all these women!"

"They'd…love it!" he said, as he thrust his hips back and forth.

Suddenly, without warning, my aunt drove her tongue in his ear. "Pretend you're fucking me in the ass you son of a bitch and that Holly is sitting on your face!"

"Oh, God!" he cried out. "I want to fuck the both of you right now!"

"Give us your sperm!" the audience cried out over and over again.

Up and down our hands went over Craig's straining cock. It was amazing that he could hold out so long without cumming. And just when I was beginning to think that he was not going to cum, he did, surprising both me and my aunt with one of the longest and stickiest ejaculations he had ever achieved.

As we pointed the head of his cock upward, we were treated to a series of multiple cumshots (I think I counted twenty in all) that fired out at amazing speed, creating great arcs of cum that found their way into a shocked audience. People were dodging Craig's outrageous bursts of semen left and right, some avoiding contact altogether while others got completely soaked. It seemed that each time our hands pulled upward on his shaft, another stringy load was launched high up into the air. I watched the fascinated expressions on the twins' faces as they followed arc after arc of Craig's cum as it flew out into the audience. Even by his own standards, Craig had outdone himself.

As Craig's orgasm began to subside the audience gave him and us a great round of applause. My aunt and I walked offstage and headed back to our table, our hands dripping with Craig's abundant sperm. We took whatever napkins we could find to clean our hands while Craig went to the men's room to wash up and get dressed. Mary Kate and Ashley looked disappointed that we had beaten them, but kept on jerking Jacques tool simply for the fun of it. As the applause ended, Jacques began to cum.

He did not ejaculate nearly as much or shoot as far as Craig had done, but the twins provoked an astonishing series of explosions from his meaty tool. The ropes came fast and furious as the girls milked him for all he was worth. After the tenth generous spurt, his cock was drained. Mary Kate and Ashley graciously walked offstage to another round of applause.

"That was so much fun!" Ashley said as she wiped the sperm off her hands with a napkin. "Don't you think Mary Kate?"

"It would have been more fun if we had won, but I don't mind losing to you, Holly," Mary Kate admitted.

"Better luck next time guys," I said as I shook my aunt's hand.

"I think you have a wonderful hand technique," my aunt said to Mary Kate. "I'll bet you really love jacking off guys."

"I do," Mary Kate replied. "Ash does too. But your style is something else."

"Years and years of practice," my aunt laughed.

The night ended with another performance from Madonna and then we all shared one last round of drinks before goodbyes had to be said. The party was over. I thanked everybody and gave a short speech. It had been a wonderful evening and I had my aunt to thank for it.

Before they left, Mary Kate and Ashley made plans for me to come visit them on their new movie set, which was going to be filmed in Paris during the winter months. I kissed both of them goodbye and then followed my aunt and Craig as we headed for our limo. I was tired, and all I could think of was falling asleep in my lover's arms.



************


Craig remained with me for the next few weeks before getting a call from his mother telling him that his father was in an automobile accident and was seriously ill. After a tearful goodbye, he took a flight back to Stockholm promising me that he would return as soon as he was able. By this time I was completely immersed in Sisterhood business affairs and was grateful for it because it took my mind off him for a short time. It seemed that there was always something to do—something or other that demanded my constant attention. I rarely put in days that were shorter than nine hours, and I was thankful that Justine, Estelle and the other employees hired by them were competent in their duties. Without such help I don't think I would have lasted too long as Sisterhood leader.

Life went on pretty much as usual. By now my aunt and I had settled into a comfortable routine, with neither of us getting in the other's way. Her mood was most often good, only the memories of her past causing her occasional distress. She had had no word from Angelique since that last awful encounter several month's earlier, and I think she was grateful for it. She rarely talked about her daughter anymore, having suffered enough pain at her hands that she became numb at the mere mention of my cousin's name.

As much as I enjoyed my duties as Sisterhood leader, I always felt that I was attempting to accomplish the impossible. The specter of Lenore loomed large over everything I did, and I felt a constant need to prove myself to everyone at every turn. The truth was that I did not want to make any mistakes. I wanted people like and respect me without making any comparisons to Lenore. Of course, this was impossible. Most of the Sisters did in fact accept me, but there were those who remained aloof and skeptical of my abilities. Justine and Estelle had warned me that this would be the case, and that all I could do was my best. And in doing so, would hopefully win the affections of my cynical counterparts.

During the first week of November, I had been out walking in the vineyard, enjoying the comparatively mild autumn weather. The sun was beginning to dip in the western sky but I continued to walk out beyond the southern enclosure toward the old dilapidated bunker that had long ago fell into disuse and was now overgrown with dense vegetation and almost impassible. To my surprise I saw someone approach me from that direction and he or she seemed to be in great haste. I called out to whoever it was but I got no response. Then, as the figure drew closer, I saw that it was a man, Jacques LaSalle, and he was fighting to make his way though an impenetrable tangle of bushes and weeds. Several times he looked behind him, but never once broke his stride. When he saw me, he smiled and came running up a small knoll upon which I had stood watching his progress. He was sweating profusely.

"What's wrong, Jacques?" I asked, as he doubled over trying to catch his breath. "You look as if someone is chasing you."

"No," he replied, taking a few moments to get air into his lungs. "No one is chasing me."

"Then what's wrong? I inquired further. "Look at you. You're a mess. Look at your clothes!"

Indeed, his pants and shirt had been torn in a few places and there was a touch of red on his left hand.

"It's nothing, mademoiselle," he said, wiping the back of his hand on his pant leg. It was the thorns."

From far off I heard a high-pitched squeal that sounded eerily human. "What is that?"

"The animals," he answered, looking warily behind him. "I was running from them."

"What animals? What are you talking about?"

"Surely you know there are wolves in the forest just beyond the open country. Sometimes they venture close to the chateau looking for food."

I knew this to be a lie. Poachers had long since killed off all the wolves that had once roamed freely in this part of the forest. All that remained were foxes, and they never ventured far beyond their lairs.

"There are no wolves, Jacques," I contradicted him. "They are long gone."

He drew himself closer to me and spoke in a whisper. "That's what most people think, but it's not true. There are still a few of them around. We must go."

Not waiting for a reply, he took my hand in his and pulled me in the direction of the chateau.

"What are you doing?" I exclaimed, as I fought to break free of his grasp. "Let go of me!"

He dragged me forward several feet and I lost my balance, causing me to fall onto my knees. "Let go!" I demanded. He tried to pull me up. I dug my fingernails into his hand, cursing him. He promptly released me.

"You should not be out here after dark," he warned, clutching his hand. "Please Holly, for your own sake!"

The insistent quality of his voice disturbed me. He did not seem to me to be the kind of man who startled easily. And even if there were a lone wolf or two meandering nearby, they would never attack a grown man unless they had been part of a pack. I had seen fear in his eyes, and I couldn't account for it.

Once again I heard a shrill, but muted, cry coming from the direction in which Jacques had just come. It sounded as if an animal were in pain.

"We must leave here now!" he demanded. "They are coming closer. Please mademoiselle. Come with me."

I simply could not buy his story. And the more he tried to convince me, the less I believed him. "Stop lying to me about the wolves, Jacques. Tell me the truth. What are you running from?"

"I told you the truth," he insisted. "Please!"

"No," I replied firmly. "You go ahead. I'll be along in a little while."

He looked dismayed. "But the wolves…"

"Go!" I yelled at him.

"As you wish," he said, resignedly. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a small flashlight and handed it to me. "It gets dark quickly so close to the forest. Don't tarry mademoiselle."

I took the flashlight and thanked him. Giving me one last disconcerted look, he hurriedly ran off in the direction of the chateau.

The sky had become a grayish-blue swash of muted half-light, and behind a low-lying cloud I could make out the somber outline of a full moon waiting to break out from behind the gray pallor into a blaze of silver radiance. Even without the flashlight, I would have had little trouble finding my way to the bunker in such luminosity. But I was glad to have it nonetheless.

The bunker was not far off. I estimated it to be less than a few hundred yards. I stepped gingerly amongst the thickets, using my flashlight to illuminate the path before me. Presently the moon burst forth from behind the veil of shadowy grayness and bathed the entire landscape in rich, iridescent tones. It gave everything an otherworldly quality, as if I were walking in a fairytale world.

As I neared my destination I noticed that the vegetation grew less dense. It seemed that great swaths of plant life had been swept aside to make way for a rudimentary path. And here and there were scattered pieces of desiccated metal and scrap iron, on top of which laid a pile of ancient timber that clearly must have once been part of the bunker's inner structure. I wondered who had performed this seemingly Herculean task and when. Did my aunt know about it?

I don't know what internal mechanism or outward agency was compelling me toward that ancient edifice. Perhaps it was Jacques's disingenuousness, or perhaps it was my own latent curiosity. Charlotte had once told me that the levels of the Masturbatorium ran deep. And there was conjecture, even until the present day, as to whether or not actual treasure had been buried in the chateau's labyrinthine depths. Was it possible that Jacques was involved in some furtive expedition to uncover the riches waiting within? But how could one man accomplish such a feat—a feat that would take a vast array of men and machinery to accomplish?

Coming upon the bunker, I found that the trees and bushes that had once obliterated it from view, even from the relatively nearby distance of the road leading to the chateau, had been thinned out. The vegetation still enshrouded the squat building but its former obscured outline had now become somewhat more pronounced. Even in the moonlight I could tell that some human agency had been hard at work removing over a half-centuries' growth of unyielding, creeping flora. But the biggest surprise was finding one of the huge metal doors completely off its hinges, lying on a slight incline and flanking the concrete buttress behind it. No man, or group of men, could have budged such an enormous weight without the use of some kind of powerful machinery. Each door itself must have weighed at least a ton or more, and it would have been quite impossible to open using traditional methods. Yet there was no sight of a giant winch or pulley, or any other kind of machine, which could have accomplished such a task.

I walked slowly up onto the concrete platform upon which the twin doors stood and shined my flashlight into the void between the two metal behemoths. At first all I could make out were the darting forms of myriad flying insects and the dim outline of some kind of steel-reinforced supporting beams that ran at regular intervals up into an ascending, rock-strewn cavity. Beyond that I could see nothing but inky blackness.

I stood there for a long time contemplating whether or not I should proceed into the structure. What if there were people inside? Bad people like fortune hunters. Those ruthless, desperate men who would not think twice about killing an innocent girl to keep the knowledge of their treasure from the outside world. Or maybe there was a wild animal trapped somewhere in its mysterious depths—possibly wounded and no doubt very hungry. It was possible a lone wolf could have found its way into the subterranean complex that lay before me. I had no weapons at hand. How would I defend myself against such a threat? I had been a fool to let my curiosity get the better of me. Suddenly, I felt very afraid. And as I turned to walk away, I was greeted with the most abysmal cry that I had ever heard.

There was no mistaking the sound of it. It was definitely not that of a wounded animal. Yet the cry did sound somehow like the guttural bellowing of a beast—a piteous, agonizing outburst of sheer desperation that did not originate from the valley beyond but from the depths of the bunker itself. With a shaking hand I once again held up my flashlight into the eerie blackness that lie beyond the entrance and stepped through.

I told myself that I must have been mad to have made such a foolhardy decision. Yet, the vocal nuances sounded hauntingly familiar. Even through the pain I could hear vague, indistinct mutterings that rose in volume and then faded away again with each new outcry. And those mutterings were coming from a voice I recognized! Good God! Why couldn't I place the voice? Again, another outburst of agony and then the sound of something sharp and whip-like reverberating in the dank air before ending in utter silence. I plodded ahead as quickly as I could upon the black, impacted earth, shining my flashlight in all directions to help ascertain my surroundings.

I soon discovered that I was in an old, earthen tunnel that had recently been restored with heavy wooden timber frames and steel support beams. I seemed to be walking up a slight incline and felt the air grow decidedly cooler as I ascended. When I reached the top of the incline the ground leveled off and opened up into a circular chamber upon which large wooden planks had been placed side by side to form a rudimentary floor. There was a generator whirring away in the far corner and all about the room were groups of fluorescent lights that bathed everything in a harsh, white glow.

I moved as quietly as I could, turning off my flashlight but holding it firmly in my hand if I should need it as a weapon. What the artificial light revealed was something that made me wish I had been less curious.

Strewn about the room in no particular fashion were an assortment of power generators, batteries, baffles, foodstuffs, tools of various sizes, dollies, barrels of oil, candles, clothing, and most disconcerting of all, a wide variety of implements employed for corporeal punishment: whips, cat-o-nine tails, metal cages, a portable rack, surgical tools, handcuffs, rope, and other strange devices of unknown origin. Particularly insidious looking was a machine that stood some eight or nine feet high, rudely anthropomorphic in form with metal appendages that resembled human arms and legs. It appeared to me that a person could easily fit into the device, but for what purpose I could not ascertain.

"Dungeons and dragons," I said aloud as my eyes slowly scanned the room.

It was disturbing enough to know that this ancient tunnel had actually been made functional once again, but to find that it had become nothing more than a modern-day chamber of horrors truly chilled my heart. What kind of person or persons would do such a thing? And how had this renovation escaped the notice of my otherwise astute aunt Phoebe?

I soon realized that it would have been impossible to discern the bunker from the road because of the thick and overgrown vegetation. Even from the vantage point of my bedroom window, which overlooked the entire southern end of the estate and the open meadow and forest beyond, the bunker was well hidden under a maze of overgrown trees and brush. Add to that the fact that my aunt had no reason whatsoever to believe that anything was amiss since she believed the tunnel to be unusable and very dangerous. The only thing I could think of was that, at some point in the recent past, someone had cleared a path leading in from the road to the bunker and then artfully concealed the opening with a makeshift wall of vegetation. It must have taken many people working many hours to accomplish this arduous task, and would imply a system of networks employed to maintain the utter secrecy of the operation. That it went completely unnoticed by my aunt, her staff, me, Jake and other visitors to the chateau, meant that the work must have commenced in the early morning hours and concluded before sunrise. The very fact that it existed at all was a testament to the ingenuity and craftiness of its creator.

For a few moments I amused myself with the thought that this sadomasochistic universe might indeed be the creation of my aunt Phoebe herself. Possibly representing a darker side of her nature that had remained hitherto concealed from the world. But as soon as I had thought it, I laughed it off, knowing that, like me, she could not abide cruelty in any form. I simply could not picture her clad in black leather, swinging a cat-o-nine tails at some cringing, naked man. It just didn't add up.

The more I thought about it, the more I came to the realization that whoever was behind this enterprise was not only extremely clever, but possessed of an extremely cruel nature. As I continued my cursory examination of the room this was further confirmed when I found a pile of CDs carefully stacked in a corner labeled with such titles as "Making Him Cry," "Crush," "Suffocation 101," "Ball Busting Fun," "Cement Mix," and other equally disturbing offerings. There was a small black and white television and DVD player nearby but I resisted the urge to play any of the CDs, curious as I was.

On the opposite side of the door from which I had entered was another door—heavy, metallic, imposing looking. I now had to make a choice. Do I enter through it or do I turn around and go home and tell my aunt? Any normal person would have, at this point, turned back. But I simply had to find out what was going on.

As I turned the doorknob I was suddenly greeted by the sound of an intense howl—the same sound I had heard earlier when I was walking in the vineyard. This time there was no mistaking it. It was a human voice. I drew back for a moment in alarm, but my compassionate nature gave me courage, and I slowly pried the door open and walked through.

What greeted me on the other side was something that my rational mind found quite difficult to accept. For there, before me, was a long, wooden walkway whose gradient extended outward by minute degrees onto a causeway constructed entirely of concrete. And this area then expanded out into a vast circular chamber supported by thick steel beams and crossbeams, circumventing the entire space from the mouth of the causeway to the barren rock and earth barrier beyond. I stood there with my mouth wide open, taking in the incredible sight. It was only due to the sound of another wail of pain that I realized I was exposed to view, and I quickly hid amongst a pile of wooden crates that were stacked end upon end on the balcony to my right overlooking the vista below.

From my new vantage point, I was afforded a panoramic view of the immense enclosure. Below me and to my right stood two huge power generators, busily whirring away in their efforts to supply both air conditioning and light to the cavernous area. Next to them stood the air conditioning system itself, a metallic behemoth that dwarfed everything around it.

In the center of the enclave and dotting the periphery were all manner of wooden or mechanical devices that I perceived to be instruments of torture. I saw a rack, a gallows, a coffin studded with nails, and another of those machines that looked like it could fit a human being inside. It stood, in all its eerie malevolence, in the exact center of the room—a silent but terrifying sentinel.

The entire area was awash in a harsh grayish light provided by lighting trees containing fluorescent bulbs. These trees were positioned at measured distances around the room to provide effective illumination. It seemed like something out of a horror movie. Suddenly, I cringed in terror.

A short distance away from the generators were several large metal cages, some of which were suspended from the ceiling. I had found out the source of the wailing: one of them was occupied by a naked man, his body appearing broken and bruised. I let out a cry. It was Mr. Villon!

What madness was this? Immediately, I forced myself to crouch down further amongst the crates, hoping that no one had heard me. What was I going to do? Should I make an effort to help him or should I run? I quickly scanned the area and found no one else in sight. If I could hide behind the generators I might be able to get to him without being seen. But I would be taking a great risk. God knows what would happen to me if I were caught!

And then, as my mind sought to come to terms with what my eyes were seeing, I heard a rumble of voices approaching from the far right-hand section of the chamber. They were female voices and they did not sound in the least bit friendly.

Even before they came into view I could hear Mr. Villon screaming at them in French. He was obviously in great pain.

"Je t'emmerde! Je t'emmerde!" he yelled at them.

It broke my heart to see him in so much distress and unable to help him.

"Putain! Tu fais chier!"

Suddenly, without warning, I saw a woman break off from the approaching group and come running up to him with a wooden pole in her hands. She began to poke at him violently with it through the holes in the cage. "Fils de pute!" she screamed with each thrust. "Ta gueule!"

I knew that voice. It was Marge Davis, Angelique's trusted and loyal henchwoman. Mr. Villon tried vainly to thwart the rash of blows delivered to him, finally succumbing to the savage onslaught by begging for mercy. The other women began to laugh and cheer the savage English woman on until she finally got tired of hitting him.

"You fucking piece of French filth!" Marge spat. "Another word out of you and I swear you're going on the rack!"

The wounded and bleeding man fell onto his side holding his hands over his cuts and bruises, his shallow moans reverberating throughout the room.

I could scarcely believe what I was seeing. Not only was the idea of a torture chamber completely abhorrent to me, but the very fact that there existed vicious and perverse women who derived enjoyment from inflicting such terrible punishments upon innocent men was even worse! It seemed that I had suddenly become a modern-day Alice who, instead of tumbling down a hole into Wonderland, had found herself falling further down into the nightmarish world of Hell itself. How in heaven's name had Mr. Villon found his way here?

There was no doubt now that these women were all part of Angelique's aberrant Sisterhood clique. As the women came closer toward me I recognized Gertrude Kraus,

Yin Ping Hun, Kyoto Sarumoto, Selena Montaldo, Greta Hofsteddar, and the malevolent Anya Rostokovitch—all of my cousin's top lieutenants. To say that I despised them all would be an understatement. I harbored especial hatred for Marge Davis, not only because of what she had just done to the hapless Mr. Villon, but because she found great pleasure in doing so. Gertrude Kraus was another in the line of severely unstable personalities, a psychopath not unlike Marge Davis, in constant need of enforcing her superiority over males by the use of extreme violence. She reminded me of a female version of a Nazi commandant—loyal to the Sisterhood, but hateful and cruel to everyone else—in this case, even the most timid and innocuous of men.

For a while the women conversed amongst themselves, as if trying to decide what to do next. Then one of them pointed to a metal grating about six feet in diameter that lay only a few feet from the strange, human-like contraption.

"Get him the fuck out of there!" I heard Marge order the others. "And make sure he's on his knees."

Marge then walked away from the others and disappeared behind a wall of concrete that formed a barrier at the far end of the room. The other women stood around the rectangular grating while one of them released a locking bolt. I heard the sound of creaking metal as the grate was pulled upward, and then the sound of a man's voice.

"Pouvez-vous m'aider?" he said, as he was lifted out of the hole in the ground.

"Speak in English or I'll kick your balls down your throat!" Greta said, waving a pistol in his face.

"Help me, please," the man said. "My legs are very weak."

"I don't know why she insists on keeping him in this hole day and night," Yin said. "He's going to croak soon."

"That's not for you to say," Selena replied.

"Personally, I think we should castrate him and then let him rot in there," said Gertrude, looking every bit as diabolical as any emissary of Hell could look.

"How many weeks has he been in the pit?" Kyoto asked.

"Going on 7 weeks now," Anya replied. "He's doing pretty good on a liquid diet of pussy juice and foot sweat!"

All the women laughed and pushed him around a bit, causing him to lose his balance and fall prostrate on the floor.

"Get on your knees!" Gertrude ordered. "Your boss will be here any second."

With that she and Anya lifted him up and turned him around so that I could see his face clearly. I had to cover my mouth to stifle a cry of horror.

There, standing in the midst of these depraved women, his face overgrown with many weeks' worth of beard, his clothes tattered, torn, and filthy, and barely able to stand upright, was my uncle Pierre. He was as thin as a ghost and almost as white. The women had to support him because he was having difficulty keeping his balance, no doubt as a result of his emaciated condition and the cramping effects the small, rectangular prison had on his legs. My heart broke. A corrupt and angry man he might have been, but he had long since paid for his crimes against his family and friends. Like Mr. Villon, I wondered how he ended up here.

"Oh, there you are!" I heard a familiar voice call out. It was Angelique. She was walking swiftly toward her father with Marge Davis following close behind. "And how are you feeling today papa?"

"I demand that you to let me go home," Pierre replied, his voice sounding raspy and hollow.

Angelique said nothing. She merely walked straight up to him and slapped him hard across the face.

"Demand? How dare you demand anything of me?" she said angrily.

"Please daughter. Can't you see what you're doing is evil? I am your father."

"You are nothing!"

"I am sick. I will not live much longer like this."

"You should have thought of that before you infiltrated our headquarters. You weren't satisfied watching birds, you had to watch us. Stupid mistake! We couldn't allow you to get away and warn everybody could we? But if you're good papa, I might let you sleep out in the open tonight next to Jacques. Would you like that?"

Know I knew how he got there. My uncle always had a very inquisitive nature. He must have stumbled upon Angelique and her colleagues during one of his many walks he took in the forest. Being an experienced hunter and birdwatcher, it would not have been difficult for him to follow their tracks through the woods. I could only imagine what these heartless women must have put him through all these weeks.

"It's time for our foot cleaning, Sister Angelique," Marge said in a mocking tone.

"Do it," my cousin replied.

I watched as the women drew up chairs around my uncle, effectively encircling him.

"Take off all of his clothes except for his underwear," Angelique instructed them. "We have to allow him some modesty after all."

The women tore off his dirty shirt and trousers, throwing them in a heap on the floor. I noticed that he went barefoot.

Standing before the group of women in just his underwear, Angelique ordered him to stick out his tongue and clean the feet of each of her subordinates. Forced to his knees, and with a gun constantly pointing at him, my uncle opened his mouth and began licking the filth of Marge Davis' right foot. I heard him whimper a few times as he did so, but he obeyed his daughter in all that she demanded of him.

"And don't forget to get in between the toes," she reminded him. "I want to see every foot sparkling clean by the time you're done."

Marge laughed like a giddy schoolgirl as she watched my uncle diligently clean every one of her toes. She enjoyed trying to put several of her toes in his mouth at once, causing him to gag. Angelique seemed to derive great pleasure from seeing her father humiliated like this. I, however, could only feel two things: contempt for the women, and pity for my uncle.

"Better do a good job papa," the malicious girl warned her father. "Or else I might have Gertrude shoot your balls off."

"I would love to do that, Sister Angelique," Gertrude laughed wickedly. "Bang, bang…no more testicles!" She waved the gun in the air a few times and then pointed it at my uncle's crotch. "Lick hard!" she threatened him.

My uncle redoubled his efforts at the madwoman's command, his tongue licking and sucking each of Marge's toes as if he were licking an ice cream cone.

"Mmmm…" the Englishwoman purred. "I love having my feet cleaned like this. Keep sucking you filthy fuck!"

Round and round my uncle went, sucking, licking, sucking, licking…his tongue never stopping, seeking out each woman's foot with the utmost attention to detail. It went on for at least a half hour until every foot had been thoroughly cleaned.

"And now papa," Angelique said. "You can do mine."

It was bad enough that my uncle had been forced to perform this humiliating task upon the other women, but he hesitated to kneel before his own daughter. Seeing this, Marge and the others took hold of him and maneuvered him into position before Angelique, the gun pointing at his skull. She now sat before him with her legs crossed, extending one of her beautiful long limbs in his face, inviting his tongue to feast on her pretty pink-nailed toes.

"No, please don't make me…" he sobbed aloud.

"Shut the fuck up!" Marge said to him. "Do as you're told!"

"But she is my daughter!"

"Suck her feet you bastard or I'll put a bullet in your brain!"

Pierre had to be forced by several women at once to open his mouth and accept his daughter's offering. Gertrude carefully pointed the revolver at his head.

"One word from our Sister and I'll blow your fucking head off!"

Pierre opened his mouth wide, knowing that she meant it.

Angelique then thrust her feet into his mouth without warning, causing him to fall back on his haunches. She laughed to see her father degraded like this and repeated the action several more times to the great delight of her audience.

"You prick!" she said as she pumped her big toe in and out of his mouth. "You think you can fuck my virgin ass and get away with it? What's wrong, papa? Are you having trouble sucking all my feet at once? Oh, don't weep poor papa! Va te faire voir!"

It took him roughly ten minutes to fully clean her feet to her satisfaction and then she rudely placed her feet on his chest and pushed him so that he fell onto his back. "I was thinking of having Gertrude either kill you or castrate you today, but I can't decide which."

My uncle's face registered horror when he heard this because he knew, as I did, that Angelique was capable of it.

"Have pity on me, Angelique," he implored. "Pity, I beg you."

"Pity?" she said, mocking him. "Did you show me pity when you came to my bed at night and took off all my clothes and shoved your big, fucking cock down my throat? Did you show me pity when I begged you to stop? Did you show me pity when you fucked my ten-year-old cunt with your tongue, forcing me to have orgasms that I didn't want? Did you show me pity when you rammed that huge fucking tool of yours in and out of my child's ass? Did you show me pity when you forced me to blow your dick over and over again until my face was covered with your fucking sperm? Did you show me pity, papa?"

I could not believe what I was hearing. I knew that my uncle had abused his daughter and his wife, but to hear my cousin actually verbalize what for so long had remained unmentionable, made me sick with disgust. I had felt bad for my uncle, but now I was beginning to feel pity for Angelique!

Pierre was weeping now—his words of regret and remorse having absolutely no effect upon Angelique's icy cold heart.

"I did none of those things to you my child," he said, his voice breaking.

She didn't hear him.

"And did you show me pity when I became pregnant with your child—pregnant at 11 years old! Fais chier, papa! T'es chiant, papa! Bastard!"

Was she telling the truth? I found it hard to believe that my uncle would be capable of such a deplorable act. If it were true, then it would certainly account for Angelique's aggressive behavior, her hostility to men, her hatred of her father, and her hatred of me. Knowing my uncle as I did, her accusations made no sense. He may have been abusive to her and my aunt, but nothing in his character could ever make me believe that he was capable of sexually molesting his own child.

"I never touched you! It's all in your mind!" my uncle cried, tears streaming down his face. "I beg you to let me go!"

Angelique looked at him with disgust, as though he were nothing more than an insect to be squashed. "I really have no respect for people who beg. Get up off the floor. Gertrude wants to shoot you. Let's get it over with."

"You really want me to?" Gertrude asked my cousin excitedly.

"Yeah, why the fuck not? He's of no use to anybody anymore, especially himself. Take him out behind the bunker and do it."

"No! No!" Angelique have you lost your mind?" my uncle exclaimed. "You would kill your own father?"

"You're not my father. You're scum. You deserve to die."

"No matter what your father has done to you," said the feeble voice of Mr. Villon from his cage, "you have no right to take his life."

"If I hear one more word from you," Angelique warned him, "you'll meet the same fate."

I really could not believe that she was serious. Yet, I watched in absolute horror as Gertrude, Marge, and the other women lifted my uncle to his feet and led him, sobbing like a little boy, toward the walkway.

"Angelique, my daughter, no!" my uncle cried out. "Don't do this! Angelique, mon chéri!"

It took all the women to drag him up the incline. I had to act fast. I could not stand by and let my uncle go to his death.

I had one chance to get the gun away from Gertrude. To my left lay a row of crates that abutted the walkway at its lowest level. By intercepting them at that point I had both the advantage of height as well as surprise. I quickly moved myself into position.

"Goodbye papa!" Angelique called out behind him. "Forgive me if I don't see you off. Bon voyage!"

I crouched behind a crate that was large enough to protect me from Gertrude's sight, and as she passed by me I leapt out and reached for the weapon, pulling it from her hands.

"You little fuck!" she exclaimed upon seeing me.

"Move away," I ordered her and the others, pointing the gun at them.

I had never held a gun in my hands before. In fact, I detested them. But right now I was glad to have one in my hand.

"Where the fuck did she come from?" Marge asked the others. "Angelique! We've got trouble!"

"Get away from him! Move back!" I shouted.

The women slowly retreated, their faces full of fear.

My uncle's face lit up upon seeing me. "Is it really you, Holly?" he said, reaching out to me.

I took his hand in mine. "Yes, it's me, uncle. Can you walk?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Start heading for the door."

He did as I said, taking small steps and steadying himself by placing his hand on my right shoulder. I walked backwards up the incline, never taking my eyes off the women.

"Aw, come on bitch," Anya said to me. "You're not going to shoot us. You haven't got the guts."

"Are you sure?" I replied, pointing the weapon right at her head.

Suddenly, my cousin's face sprang into view. I saw her from the corner of my eye—a dark, indistinct blur that seemed to be approaching at great speed—and then the jolt of her fist smashing into my jaw. I was flung to the ground by the impact, the gun knocked from my hand. I watched as my uncle tried to reach for the weapon but he only succeeded in kicking it down a large open funnel that sat behind the generator. I reached out and took hold of his arm, preventing him from possibly falling into the funnel himself.

"You asshole!" my cousin screamed at him. "I paid a lot of money for that gun!" She then proceeded to kick him viciously until the weakened man collapsed on the floor beside me. Angelique bent over and peered down into my face.

"Nice try," she said coldly.

She ordered her assistants to place her father back into his old cage.

"I've decided that I'm not going to kill you after all," she told him, as he begged her not to place him back into the murky cell.

"Now you know how I feel about begging, papa. You mustn't do it."

The poor man had no strength left with which to fight. As the metal grate clanged shut behind him, I now feared for my own life.

"Look, François," Angelique said to the young man in the suspended cage. "Look who found us."

Mr. Villon looked at me with eyes full of sorrow. Now that I could see him up close, he appeared just as emaciated as my uncle.

"Don't you hurt mademoiselle Holly," he replied, never taking his eyes off me.

"Oh, Mr. Villon," I said. "What have they done to you?"

"They are all crazy!" he cried. "All crazy! I fear we are all going to die!"

"Another outburst like that and I'll cut out your fucking tongue!" Angelique snapped.

My cousin sat down while I stood before her nursing my sore jaw. I cursed myself for being so stupid in giving her enough time to sneak up on me. I almost wished I had killed a few of her foul associates. Instead of my getting control of the situation, the women now mulled around me calling me all sorts of vulgar names. Yet, not one of them laid a hand upon me.

"Better get used to these surroundings," my cousin began, "because you're going to be here for a while."

"How long do you think you can hold me here before…"

"Before what? Before my mother finds you? How's she going to do that? All these months we've been here right under her fucking nose and she's got no clue. No fucking clue!"

"Other people will come looking for me."

"Right—just as they did for donkey dick and my fucking father. No one's coming to save your ass, Holly. No one gives a shit about you."

"You're wrong. A lot of people care about me. You'll see. They'll find me."

"Ha! Ha! Ha!" You're so fucking popular aren't you? Well, what if I decide to kill you? Nobody's going to find you then."

I said nothing, knowing full well that she wasn't joking.

"What's the matter cousin?" she continued. "Scared?"

The other women began to snicker and hurl insults at me. Angelique just sat back and took it all in. "Put her in the fucking machine."

Suddenly I felt pairs of hands grabbing at me, pulling me backward towards the metal contraption that was designed to accommodate a human being.

"What are you doing?" I screamed, as I valiantly fought off my attackers.

"You're going to love this!" Angelique laughed. "You really will."

I struggled to extricate myself from the grasping hands of the women, but I didn't have the strength to fight them all off. In the end, they forced me into the machine and strapped me in. Then Greta attached a few plastic patches to my back and locked the door. I couldn't move a muscle.

"This device is called an'Orgasmatron,'" Angelique said. "It was originally designed to help women who had trouble achieving orgasm, but I've adapted it to a much better use. The electrodes attached to your lower back provide electrical stimulation to your spinal cord so that each time you achieve orgasm your body's electrical impulses are stored in a memory cell. This stored electrical energy is then amplified and redirected to your brain, where it then proceeds to disrupt your electro-chemical syntaxes. In effect, each time you cum, you fuck your mind. Cum enough times and you're dead. Pretty cool, don't you think?"

"You're out of your mind!" I replied.

"And I can control it all with this little remote device," she said, ignoring me. "You'll be the first person to die from an overdose of pleasure."

"Let me out of this thing you crazy bitch!"

She merely laughed at me and pressed a button on the remote.

All of a sudden I felt a pleasurable warmth surge through my body and a slight tingling sensation in my genitals. I let out an involuntary moan.

"Feels great, doesn't it?" Angelique said as she played with the buttons on the remote.

Again, another surge of pleasure, but this time more intense. It felt as if I had a dozen tongues licking my clit at once.

"She's loving it," Selena said, rubbing her own vagina with both hands.

"I'm going to make you cum now, Holly," Angelique giggled. "Are you ready for this?"

Just then she pressed down on a big red button and my body convulsed, sending intensely pleasurable feelings of sexual energy into my vagina. I couldn't help myself. I started to cum.

"Ha! Look at her! The fucking whore!" Gertrude squealed. "You got her to cream, Angelique!"

"Didn't take much, did it?" Greta laughed.

"Let's do it again!" my cousin said, eager to get me to cum once more.

It was hard for me to define the experience in terms of the way I came from self-stimulation or from normal sexual intercourse. The fact that there was no real physical contact between my vagina and another human body part was both odd and yet intensely satisfying. With a few more pushes on the buttons my cousin had me creaming for a second time. I couldn't help but cry out in pleasure, which made all the women laugh.

"What a fucking slut!" Kyoto said, watching my face contort with pleasure.

Angelique laughed. "I always knew she was. Ready for another round, Holly?"

Before I had a chance to answer, I was once again in the throes of orgasm. This time it was a very prolonged and powerful feeling. I could feel the dampness settle in between my legs. I had now cum three times in quick succession—something I had never experienced before.

"Please stop," I said gasping for air. "Don't do this."

"You better enjoy it now bitch." Angelique replied. "Because a few more of these and your brain is going to be fried."

She pushed several buttons at once and this time and I felt my vagina tingle with incredible pleasure. In no time at all I was having multiple orgasms. One after the other they swept over me until my entire body was completely drained—my cries of pleasure ringing out throughout the chamber.

"That must have felt good, huh?" Angelique teased. "You registered a 10 on that one. More than enough now to roast your fucking cerebellum."

I was too exhausted to speak. From below me I could hear the stifled moans of my uncle pleading with his daughter to put an end to my torture.

"Shut up old man!" Gertrude admonished. "Or I'll take you outside and hang you from a tree!"

He stopped speaking then, but his moans continued.

"God will punish you for what you're doing," Mr. Villon said to Angelique. "And I hope that I am there when that day comes."

"Oh, fuck you!" Marge yelled. "Can we torture this asshole some more, Angelique? Because I'm really in the mood!"

"No. Not yet. Your time is coming, François. But for now just keep your mouth shut or I'll have Marge have her way with you."

"Please let us go!" I begged my cousin.

"Too late for that now," she said, adjusting some knobs on the remote. "There. All done. It's time to say goodbye, Holly."

"No, Angelique, please! I'll quit the Sisterhood if that's what you want!"

My cousin paused for a moment to consider what I said. "You would?"

"To save my life? Yes. It's not worth dying for."

"Interesting proposition. The trouble is, I can't trust you to keep your word. You betrayed me once before. You'll do it again."

"You got it all wrong. I never betrayed you. It was all in your mind!"

"No, Holly. It's all in your mind!"

She pushed down hard on one of the buttons on the remote and suddenly my head felt like it was on fire. My body reacted to the invasion by convulsing wildly, unable to cope with the large number of volts of electricity coursing through it. I screamed in agony.

"Wow!"Angelique exclaimed. "It works!"

The women were laughing heartily at my misfortune, and as my eyes filled up with tears I saw Mr. Villon pull at the bars of his cage begging Angelique to stop what she was doing. He called my name out several times, but I couldn't hear him. The electrical shocks now came upon me like waves hitting a beach. No sooner had one shockwave abated than another began. My head was burning up. My fucking bitch of a cousin was going to kill me!

And then something happened. I didn't exactly know what it was at first because I was solely concerned with trying to get enough air into my lungs. My body felt as though I had thousands of tiny needles inserted into every pore, draining away my life's energy. I could hear the shouts of women scrambling to and fro in the dark below me. Everything had gone completely dark. The machine was dead.

Suddenly, from out of the darkness I heard a voice.

"I suggest that all of you stay where you are!"

It was my aunt Phoebe! Somehow she had found me. I laughed with joy at the sound of her voice and pulled myself free of the straps that bound me.

"Holly! Pierre! Are you there?" my aunt called out.

"We're here aunt Phoebe! Please help us. Angelique is trying to kill us!"

The lights suddenly went on and I quickly unlocked the door of the device and jumped down to the floor, struggling to gain my balance. The first person I saw was my beloved Craig, crossing the distance from the bottom of the incline to where I stood in great strides. When my adversaries saw him coming they ran away panic stricken. He took me in his arms and caressed me, wanting to be sure I wasn't hurt. I held onto him for dear life. My aunt, Estelle, Justine, Charlotte, Felicia, and all my close Sisterhood friends quickly followed upon his heels, and behind them were about twenty of the vineyard laborers, Jacques LaSalle taking the lead. As soon as my aunt approached I fell into her arms and cried like a baby.

The women who tried to kill me now huddled together in one corner of the room with their leader standing defiantly in the midst of them.

"Dear God!" my aunt exclaimed. "What the fuck is all this?" She let go of me and took a few steps toward her daughter. "Who are you? You can't be my child. I could never have given birth to such a person!"

"Phoebe! Phoebe!"

It was my uncle's frail voice calling out to her from his prison cell in the ground.

"We're going to get you out uncle Pierre!" I said to him as I leaned my head down toward the grating. "Hold on!"

"Oh, my God! You put your father in the ground?" my aunt screamed at Angelique. "You fucking bitch! Get him out of there right now! Do you hear me?"

"This asshole has the keys, aunt Phoebe," I said, pointing to a cowering Marge Davis.

"Give them to me right now!" Craig demanded, moving toward her with menace in his eyes.

Marge fell back onto her confederates. I saw her fumble for the keys, which she kept in her pocket. She looked like she was going to be sick.

Craig grabbed the keys from her and immediately set to work freeing my uncle from his dank cell. With the aid of Jacques and several other men, they managed to sit him down in a chair. The poor man could barely walk.

"Don't forget about me...." said a soft voice from above. "Get me out of here, please…"

"Jesus Christ!" Felicia swore. "Another one! Look! See! Up there!"

All eyes followed her pointing finger. It was Mr.Villon. While screaming at Angelique to stop torturing me, he had lost his voice, and now he lay with his legs hanging down between the openings in the cell.

"Somebody get him down from there!" Justine hollered.

"We're gonna get you out of there right now, buddy!" Craig said to him.

Jacques found the lever that lowered the cage to the ground, and with Craig's help rescued the beleaguered man. He could not walk at all, his legs unable to support him. My aunt instructed the laborers to find some clothing for the naked man, and they then carried him out.

"I am glad that you are alive," he said to me as they took him away. "And I'm glad that I am alive too!"

I patted his head gently and thanked him for trying to help me.

Estelle gave my uncle some water and he, too, was then carried out of the chamber. My aunt looked at him with great sorrow in her eyes and he smiled back at her as if to say 'thank you' for coming to our aid.

Once both Mr. Villon and my uncle had been taken away, my aunt walked over to Angelique and stood before her and the group of furtive women. She was flanked by both Craig and Jacques, with me and the other Sisters close behind. It felt as if we had corned a pack of wild animals.

"So," my aunt began. "This is what you've been up to all these months."

"Yes, mother," Angelique replied in her typical cold fashion.

My aunt let her eyes survey the area around her. She seemed quite impressed. "It's amazing what you've achieved. Imagine what you could have done for the Sisterhood had you exercised your energies on its behalf instead of squandering your talents on this fruitless and foolish enterprise."

"It may be fruitless to you, but it was my dream."

"Dream? You call this a dream? It's a nightmare! But every nightmare has to end sometime."

"What are you talking about?"

"Before coming here I contacted my good friend Chief Inspector Favre of the Police Nationale. There is a team of policemen waiting outside for you and the rest of your miserable band. Your friends are going to jail for being accessories to murder. You are going to jail too…for kidnapping and attempted murder. But this will be a special jail because it contains an asylum. I'm going to see to it that you spend a good long time there. And maybe one day, with the help of God, you will be well enough to enter normal society again. I'm sorry, but you leave me no choice."

If I could have taken a picture of my cousin's startled face upon hearing my aunt's declaration, it would have compensated greatly for all the misery she had put me through. For the first time in her young life, she had no response. She just stood there mute, unmoving. Her friends, realizing that the game was now up, moved away from her and toward the walkway, heads down and silent. They were greeted at the entrance by several police officers who escorted them out. I had expected at least one or two of them to put up some kind of fight in their leader's defense, but the most despicable of them, Marge and Gertrude, slinked away like the two cowardly snakes they were and the rest of the group obediently followed suit. So much bravado, so much daring. But when confronted with the truth and people's own innate goodness, these disciples of hate had no defense. My cousin now stood alone in front of her mother. The willful arrogance disappearing as quickly as her friends had done.

"How did you know?" Angelique asked my aunt.

"I told her," Jacques answered. "I told her everything."

"If it wasn't for Jacques you might not be standing here right now, Holly," my aunt said.

"Thank you, Jacques," I said, taking his hand.

"Mademoiselle," he replied, bowing his head to me. "I was under Angelique's influence for a long time. And I probably would still be today if she had not set her heart on murder."

"You most likely saved my uncle Pierre's life too, dear Jacques. I cannot thank you enough."

"I want to thank you too, buddy," Craig said to the good-hearted Frenchman. "You did the right thing."

He shook Jacques' hand and then put his arms around my shoulders, hugging me close. "All I know is my girl is safe. That's all that matters to me."

All during this time my cousin stood still, her head bowed low. I had never seen her like this before, so quiet, so…uncharacteristically sullen. There seemed to be no fight left in her. I had to wonder what was going on in that distorted mind of hers.

"Phoebe!"

It was Chief Inspector Favre. He, along with two other officers were waiting at the top of the walkway, beckoning us to come with them.

"We're coming!" my aunt replied. "One moment please."

She turned to her daughter. "Well, it's time to go child. Please don't make this difficult for me."

"I won't mother. I'll never make things difficult for you anymore."

My aunt didn't know what to make of her response so she simply took Angelique by the arm and led her out. Justine, Estelle, and Felicia walked ahead of us and were the first to exit the chamber, followed by Jacques and the remaining laborers. Craig and I walked behind my aunt and cousin with Charlotte taking up the rear. I felt as if I were part of a funeral procession.

Inspector Favre walked halfway down the incline with handcuffs in his hands. Because he had been a lifelong friend of my aunt's, he respected her wishes to not get involved until she had actually required his help. He had dutifully obeyed her request.

When Angelique saw the handcuffs she became very agitated. Her face grew pale and her eyes darted this way and that, fearful of the waiting policemen who now approached her.

Charlotte seemed to sense that something was wrong and acted instinctively. Pulling the girl by the arm, she turned her forcibly around with one swift motion so that Angelique was now facing her. I saw that there were tears in the distressed girl's eyes.

"I know this seems like the end of the world, but it's not," she told my cousin. "Your mother loves you. She wants to help you. We all want to help you."

"I don't want to go to prison!" the frightened girl screamed.

What happened then occurred so fast that I thought some external agency had put our lives in fast forward.

Pushing her mother aside and breaking free of Charlotte's grasp, my cousin hurled herself off the incline and dove head first into the very same gaping funnel from which my uncle had nearly fallen into. There was no time to react. One moment Angelique was calmly walking beside her mother; the next she was gone.

My aunt screamed and tried to reach for her daughter's ankles, almost falling into the deadly metal funnel herself. Charlotte quickly grabbed my aunt by the waist and pulled her backwards so that both women fell onto the cold cement floor in a heap. Wailing incoherently, my aunt ran down the incline hysterically waving her arms in the air, and upon reaching the huge funnel, began pounding on it with her fists, calling her daughter's name.

"Angelique! Angelique! Are you all right? My baby! Are you all right?"

The rest of us quickly followed her down, each of us looking for some kind of opening in the huge metal tube.

"You must get her out! Get her out!" my aunt cried out to the policemen. "She'll die in there! Hurry! Hurry!"

"Shut down the power to the turbine!" the Inspector shouted to one of his men. Within seconds the thrumming of the engines came to an abrupt halt.

Charlotte tried in vain to restrain my aunt, but to no avail. Craig and I stood by helplessly as the policemen struggled to find a way into the great machine. They worked feverishly until one of them looked up and then fell backwards onto the support railing. His face suddenly turned white.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" he cried.

"What is it?" my aunt asked, ceasing her pounding on the funnel. "Did you find her? Did you find her?"

And then I saw it. Where the great piston met the gear shaft on its downward revolution there was a vast pool of blood, dripping over the lip of the funnel and cascading down over the concrete floor like water over a dam.

"Oh, my God!" I screamed, clutching Craig's hand. "Oh, my God!"

Craig was struck dumb as his eyes beheld the bloodstained metal tube.

"Get them out of here!" the Inspector yelled at his men. "Get them all out of here for God's sake!"

In the next moment both my aunt and Charlotte, walking out from behind the rear end of the funnel, saw what we had seen. Both women screamed hysterically, clutching each other in a frantic effort to steady themselves from falling. Charlotte pulled on my aunt's arm, desperately trying to wrench her away from the awful sight. But it was too late. Seeing the blood wash down over the metal funnel, my aunt fell onto the concrete floor crying and bellowing like a wounded animal, calling her dead daughter's name over and over again. It took several officers to pull her away from the horrific scene, carrying her kicking and screaming up the incline. The remaining officers hurried Charlotte, Craig and I out of that damnable place. They seemed as frightened and sickened as we were.

When we all finally exited the bunker, there was an ambulance waiting there. My aunt had passed out and was now being placed on a stretcher. I got into the ambulance with her while Craig and Charlotte drove in her car and followed us to the hospital. Half way there my aunt stirred, her mind still focused on the horrible incident. She called out to Angelique several times and then slipped back into unconsciousness. The medical technician gave her some oxygen and tried to keep her as comfortable as possible.

I couldn't get the image of my cousin's blood out of my mind. She had, more than likely, been torn to pieces by the wrenching gears of the giant turbine. I found it odd that for many months now, I had wondered what it would be like if she were forever out of our lives. I had often wished that she might meet her death in some gruesome, spectacular way, and it seemed my wish had come true. But fantasy is one thing, reality quite another. After what I had just experienced, I would never think such thoughts about anyone ever again.

As the ambulance pulled up to the emergency doors of the hospital, I felt as if the whole world had suddenly collapsed upon me. If Craig had not been there to comfort me, I think I might have been tempted to join my cousin in her last defiant act.

************


My aunt was released from the hospital two days after she had been admitted. Her doctor had decided to keep her under observation for an extra day just to make certain that the anti-depressant medication she was taking was proving efficacious. Craig and I had gone to pick her up at the hospital around 10:30 AM. It was a chilly November morning and the sky was overcast and filled with ominous gray clouds. By the time we got back to the chateau, it was raining very hard.

Charlotte was waiting for us as we walked through the door. Justine and Estelle had prepared tea and were setting the table in the parlour. Surprisingly enough, my aunt looked rather well, considering her ordeal. After she had spent some time getting her things in order, she asked us all to join her for tea. I could tell that she was anxious to talk to us.

Taking a seat beside me on the great couch, she drank some tea and then began.

"Have all the arrangements been taken care of for my daughter?" she asked Justine.

"Yes, Phoebe. Estelle and I have seen to everything, just as I told you yesterday. The funeral is set for Monday."

"I don't want any flowers sent. Did you tell the funeral director that?"

"I did."

"And what about the Sisters? Did you tell them not to come?"

"Yes. Only Joanna, Felicia, and Janet will be there."

"Good. They come for my sake because they are my friends. The rest would only be coming out of obligation, and I don't want that."

"I think you made a wise choice," Estelle said to my aunt. "It's best to keep it simple."

In the distance I heard the crack of lightning and then a loud thunderclap. Suddenly, the sky opened up and the rain began to come down in torrents.

"May it wash away the sins of the world," my aunt said softly.

For a few moments all of us sat quietly listening to rain hitting upon the window pane behind us. It was coming down so hard that it was impossible to see out the window.

"Pierre should be here anytime now," Charlotte told my aunt. "His legs are still hurting him but he said he's able to get around."

"Well, before he gets here, I want to thank each of you for helping me through this difficult time. I don't know what I would have done without you."

"We all love you aunt Phoebe," I said, touching her hand. "If you need anything just ask."

"That goes for me too, Mrs. Anjou," Craig added.

She smiled. "Thank you both. I think I'm going to be all right. I just need a little time, that's all.

Take all the time you need," Estelle said. "We'll take care of things for you in the meantime."

We sat talking for a few minutes more until my uncle Pierre arrived. Phoebe asked Justine, Estelle, and Craig to leave the room while she, my uncle, Charlotte and I—the immediate family—discussed personal matters.

My uncle was greeted warmly by my aunt and took a seat opposite her. He looked a bit tired and wet from the rain, but otherwise seemed his old self. Charlotte poured her brother a cup of tea and sat beside him.

"You look well," my aunt said to her former husband. "How are you feeling?"

"I can't complain. It's just that the rain sometimes aggravates my arthritis. And you?"

"I'm holding up I guess. Holly and Charlotte have been a great help to me."

My uncle looked at me then at Charlotte. "Two fine women," he said jovially. "Two very fine women." He took a sip of tea and cleared his throat. "Phoebe, there is something I must say. I know it will hurt you to hear it, but it must be said."

"What is it, Pierre?"

"It concerns our daughter."

"If you feel it's necessary."

"It is."

My uncle gently put his tea cup down onto the table in front of him and looked at me.

"I know that Angelique told you some things about me," he began, "and I want to clear that up once and for all."

"Of course, uncle."

"Without belaboring the issue, what she told you is all lies. There is no truth to anything she said."

"If you say so, uncle."

"I do. Now I want you to know the truth because I've been living with this lie for so long that I've almost come to believe it myself."

"Well then, tell her, Pierre," Charlotte said.

"I want you to understand, Holly, that I never sexually abused my daughter. She just made that up. Did I hit her? Yes, I did. I beat her up pretty badly sometimes. It was the rage—this curse of the Anjou line. Did I beat my wife? Yes, I am sorry to say. My business was failing and I was in great debt with no way to pay off my creditors, so I took out my frustrations on my family. May God forgive me. I never meant to hurt anyone. You must believe that, Holly. I never meant to hurt anyone."

Charlotte took her brother's hand in hers. "Dear Pierre."

My aunt sat quietly listening to his every word. I saw that her eyes were welling up as she remembered their shared past.

"It is important that you believe me," he continued. "I am not the monster my daughter accused me of being. It was her rage speaking, and her poor, troubled mind, not anything that I did."

My aunt was softly crying now and Charlotte was crying, too. Something told me that he was telling the truth. It wasn't the words themselves, but the timbre of his voice—the bittersweet recollections of a time long past, a time that could never be recaptured, a longing that could never be appeased. He stretched out his hand and placed it upon my own.

"I am a good man," he continued in a quavering voice. "I just have a bad temper."

"Oh, uncle!" I said, throwing my arms around his neck. "I believe you."

My own eyes now began to fill with tears as I felt both my aunt's and Charlotte's hands caress my face.

We sat there crying for a good, long time. Even my uncle had tears in his eyes. It was a cathartic moment for all of us, a much needed denouement to our collective grief.

I spent the remainder of the day with Craig. Charlotte chose to stay at the chateau for a few days just until my aunt was feeling better. Before going to bed that evening, she caught me in the kitchen eating some cherries.

"You eat so much fruit it's no wonder you don't turn into a cherry yourself!" she joked.

"Best food in the world!" I said, happily munching away.

She took a seat beside me and poured herself a glass of wine. "I prefer the grape product to the grape," she said, lifting her glass to me.

"To each his own."

She took a sip and then pondered for a moment. "You know, I was thinking about that dream you had. You know which one I mean?

"The dream about Angelique."

"Yes. It was that dream—that vision—that brought you to my house. I was thinking how fortunate it was for you to have such a dream, especially in light of recent events. You have to admit that it is very, very strange that the images you saw were so close to the real thing. Oui?"

I put down my fork and shrugged. "Of course. I'm such an idiot. The dungeon, the torture instruments, and the golden light that…"
"That resembled electricity! That was how she died. The golden glow that you saw was the electrical current. That thing you saw moving in the light. It was her. It was Angelique."

"The monster in my dream."

"Yes. But she really wasn't a monster after all, was she?"

I felt a sudden pang of remorse as I remembered how I had wished for my cousin's death. "No. No, she wasn't."

Charlotte sat next to me for a few moments lost in thought. "I'll tell you this, Holly. I have the gift of clairvoyance, but I have yet to predict the future. The very nature of prescience is that it is infinitely malleable. It is the same with you, as it was with our dear Lenore, may she rest in peace. Our visions can act as our guide, but they do not tell us the whole story, or even the whole truth. That is why we must depend upon our what our minds and hearts tell us. Most times it is all we have to go on."

We shared a few drinks and then we said goodnight. Craig was waiting for me as I crawled into bed next to him. My mind and heart told me that our love for each other was the only truth I truly understood.

************


The funeral took place on a sunny Monday morning at 9:30 AM. A small service was held at a chapel in Paris and then my cousin's body was borne to the cemetery a few miles away and laid to rest in the family plot. During the funeral rites, my aunt and my uncle stood together hand in hand, supporting one another through it all. Craig and I tried to offer what emotional support we could, as did Charlotte and the other Sisters, but although my aunt appreciated our efforts, I could tell that nothing, short of her daughter coming back to life, would ever compensate for the loss she had suffered.

In the weeks following my cousin's funeral, my aunt informed everyone that the bunker was going to be destroyed and the underground chambers permanently sealed up. I was glad to hear this because it meant that she was finally making an attempt to put all things related to Angelique's insane plans to rest.

"I can't sleep at night knowing that bunker is still standing," she said to me one day when we were having lunch. "It's got to go."

And the following day, it was gone.

As the days wore on she began to look and feel more like the woman I had always known. And I was glad to see it. Yet, there was always a faraway look in her eyes, as though her mind was fixed on distant things and remote places. When December rolled around I got a call from Mary Kate, who told me that she and Ashley were in Paris filming their movie. We made plans for them to come and visit me on Sunday, their day off, so that we could spend the day together. It was during their visit that my aunt finally revealed to me what had been on her mind for so long.

"I'm leaving," she said flatly. "I'm giving up the chateau, the vineyards, everything."

We were sitting at the dinner table, all four of us, and in the midst of our meal when she gave us the news. I thought she was kidding.

"Oh, you've said this before, but you don't really mean it. Do you?"

"Yes, Holly. I mean it. It's time to move on."

"Are you sure?" Ashley asked my aunt. "Because if you're not, Mary Kate and I could rent it from you in the meantime. No problem."

"Thanks Ashley, but no. I want to sell it. Take the money and maybe buy myself a yacht and go see the world. What do you think?"

"Radical!" Mary Kate exclaimed. "But I like it."

I had been wrestling with myself as to whether or not I should remain in France if ever my aunt decided to leave, and over the past weeks had discussed the issue at length with Craig. I felt that now was the right time to let my aunt know what I was thinking.

"I've made a decision, too," I announced.

"Really?" my aunt said. "About what?"

"About moving back to San Diego."

My aunt looked surprised. "San Diego? You'd have to give up leadership of the Sisterhood in that case."

"I know."

"But why, Holly? You've worked so hard to get here. And Lenore. What would she think? Explain it to me because I don't understand."

"If there's one thing that you've taught me aunt Phoebe it's that life is too short to be unhappy. And I'm not happy being a leader."

She cocked her head to one side and frowned. "No. I don't believe it. Is this true?"

"I don't want to be a leader, or a follower. I just want to make my own destiny."

"I thought that's what you were doing here," she said looking mystified.

"No. I'm just trying to play the role that someone else fostered upon me. I thought it was what I wanted, but it's not."

The twins had stopped eating all during our conversation, their heads moving left and right in unison whenever it was my aunt's or my turn to speak.

"Well I'll be damned. You really want to give it all up?"

"Yes, just like you do."

My aunt laughed. "To be honest with you, I never wanted to be a Sisterhood leader either. I'm too much of a free spirit. I guess I'm like you in a lot of ways. I prefer to carve out my own niche and let the chips fall where they may."

"That's not a bad philosophy auntie."

"Well, all I can tell you is, if it worked for me, then it can work for you, too. I congratulate you on your decision."

She and the twins raised their glasses to me in salute.

"I've spoken to Justine about my plans and I've decided to name her as my successor."

"I think Lenore would heartily approve of that."

"It's the logical choice. She has the experience, the temperament, and the desire. I think she'll make a fine Sisterhood leader."

"And so she will," my aunt said, approvingly.

"Oh, and another thing. Craig and I are getting married!"

I got a big round of cheers for this announcement.

"That's fantastic!" Mary Kate squealed.

"When? When?" Ashley exclaimed.

"This is wonderful news!" my aunt said with a big smile. "He's a great kid!"

"He is wonderful isn't he? We plan to get married next December. I've always wanted a December wedding."

"I thought you wanted to wait a few years," Mary Kate inquired.

"I thought so too, but what's the point? Life is too short, right aunt Phoebe?"

"Right you are my dear niece. Right you are!"

When the twin's new movie came out the following summer, it was a big hit. Ashley was nominated for an Academy Award for best actress in a leading role. And Mary Kate was also nominated for best actress in a supporting role. And they both won! After years of churning out lackluster movies, they had finally gotten it right. I was there when they got their Oscars and it was simply wonderful.

My aunt sold the chateau to a wealthy Parisian couple. It was agreed that Craig and I would stay on until the end of the month so that my aunt could begin her trip. By the end of February she was out on the open sea on her yacht that she had named "Angelique". Charlotte had chosen to go with her on her world wide sailing adventure, having become my aunt's closest friend in the wake of Lenore's death. It was hard saying goodbye to her and Charlotte, and all my Sisterhood friends. I told them that I would continue to attend Sisterhood meetings and events at the local San Diego chapter, and I promised to remain in frequent touch with each of them.

A few days before Craig and I were due to leave, I went down into the Masturbatorium for the last time. Every single vestige of Sisterhood property had been removed and shipped to the secondary headquarters in Paris. The new owners would have absolutely no idea of what had transpired in this basement complex. Even the black and gold Sisterhood banner had been removed. It looked like any other finished basement now. I felt sad leaving it, remembering how much fun I had had partaking in its lascivious history.

On the last day of February, when all the furnishings had finally been removed, I stood in the great hall with Craig by my side, saying goodbye to the place that had been my home for the past ten months. A wave of nostalgia swept over me as I touched the bare walls upon which once hung some of my aunt's most prized paintings. All the murals that hung so nobly from the rafters above were gone now. The household staff had long since been dismissed and I don't think the chateau had ever been so silent.

The sun shone brightly through the stained glass window, casting a rainbow of color upon the marble staircase from which I first beheld my aunt, looking as beautiful and ethereal as the angels that graced the windows themselves. I thought of Angelique, who would have grown up to equal her mother in beauty but never in character. And my uncle Pierre, who had caused great pain to his family, but who had subsequently suffered so much himself and, through the power of love, was vindicated and made whole.

A single ray of light fell onto the circular image in the marble floor bearing the crest of the Anjou family name. It was the only thing in the entire house that was left to remind me that they had once lived here.

"It's funny," I said to Craig, my voice echoing off the barren walls. "This chateau. It's just a thing. Despite all its beauty, it has no feelings. Without people in it, without the laughter, without the sorrow, it's only just a thing."

"Of course, Holly. What did you expect?"

"I don't know. Somehow it seems wrong that people spend so much of their lives accumulating things when there's nothing of them left behind—no memories, nothing. It's like the life force has disappeared. I mean, this house should be talking to us by now. It's so strange."

Craig kissed me gently on the lips and watched as I put the key in the door for the last time. Behind us stood the red Ferrari that I had inherited from Lenore—our means of transportation to the airport.

"I don't think it's so strange," he said. "Love is the only thing that really lives on. And only people can feel love, not things. This house was made beautiful or ugly by virtue of its occupants; whatever they left behind doesn't matter. What they took with them is what's important. What they took with them."

As I closed the door I half expected to hear a low groan emanate from somewhere deep within the foundation of the chateau. But whatever thoughts may have existed in its hallowed frame remained buried within its ancient walls.

THE END