Avril's Fool, a CFNM story
byBuckyDuckman©

Avril sat on the couch holding her heart in her hands. She wasn't crying. Sitting next to her, Ted wondered if that would change. Still staring at the damning picture on her phone, Avril asked Ted, "You think her tits are fake?"

"Not as fake as her nails," Ted said, trying to keep things as light as possible.

"They could be real," Avril said, zooming in for a better look.

"Her boobs or her nails?"

"Her boobs. Her nails might be real, too. Ever notice Sally's nails? Hers are real."

"Okay," Ted said with a nod and an easy-going shrug. He wasn't going to argue with Avril, not while she was busy wrestling with a picture like that. "Chip sent you that pic?"

"Yeah, but why would Robbie send it to Chip?" Avril zoomed out again.

"Bragging rights."

"You think Chip has pics of me on his phone?"

"Ever let Robbie take pictures of you?"

Avril snorted. "He tried doing that once and I slapped his phone out of his hand."

"Good for you," Ted said, smiling his approval. Ted had long ago explained why there was never a reason to let a man take a compromising picture of her. Guys can't keep pics like that to themselves. "She looks like the kind of girl who shows up on lots of phones."

"Yeah, a real party girl," Avril said, still staring at her phone. "Maybe she was a one night stand? Robbie could have been drunk or something."

"Maybe," Ted allowed, still not arguing with her. "You know what happens when I get drunk."

Avril nodded before poking a hole in his theory, "Except Robbie doesn't black-out like you do."

"I don't always black-out," Ted grumbled.

"No, but it's fun when you do," Avril said with a hint of a smile. She patted his knee, letting him know she was only teasing him.

"I haven't done that in years."

"Is she hotter than me?"

"Not at all," Ted said.

"Did you notice her tan? That's a fake-bake tan if I ever saw one. And what about her hair? Who does highlights without getting lowlights, too?"

"I'm pretty sure Robbie didn't notice that stuff." Ted sure hadn't.

"She's probably a skanky whore."

"Yeah, the skanky-est."

"Want to know the ironic part? Before Robbie left on his trip, I decided I would stay faithful to him the entire time."

"Is staying faithful an issue for you?" he asked, thinking through the years he had known her. As near as he could remember, Avril only had one boyfriend at a time. Except when Ted had first met her. Avril hadn't had a boyfriend when she had transferred into his school district as a skinny eighth-grader with braces, green hair, a cast on her left arm, and not a friend in the world. She had flopped into the only empty seat on the school bus, sitting next to a geeky kid everyone ignored before hanging her head so her green hair covered her face.

Ted would have kept to himself, except Avril had fumbled with her books. Without thinking about it, he helped her, earned a grateful smile, and first felt a funny twisting sensation inside his stomach. That day began a friendship that had lasted through Avril's ugly duckling stage. Over the summer, she lost her braces and went back to being a natural blonde. When high school started, Avril had transformed into a beautiful swan and Ted became her geeky best friend, forever regulated to watch from the fringes as Avril became swept up with the beautiful people.

"I don't do long distance relationships," she explained. "Remember Zach?" Ted nodded. She and Zach had been the hot couple during their senior year. "I broke up with him because I didn't want to worry about what he was doing at his college."

"Or what you were going to do at college," Ted pointed out. Inferring her "slut phase" earned him a sly smile and tiny nod.

"Staying faithful is easier when you see each other." She stared at the damning picture of Robbie. The woman, whoever she was, laid on her back, smiling up at the camera. She held her breasts pressed together, sandwiched around Robbie's prick. Wet droplets were splashed around her neck and chin. Neither had to guess at the source of those white, creamy splashes. "Maybe we should get you drunk and I can take some pictures to send to Robbie."

Ted blanched. "You're supposed to send pictures like that to your friends, not to your boyfriend."

"Some boyfriend," she said, frowning as she turned back to her phone.

"You should delete that picture," Ted suggested. She shook her head. "At least stop staring at it."

"I can't help myself," she said, sounding very sad. The way her hair hung in her face reminded him of the skinny, green haired girl he had met on a school bus.

"Stop it." Ted tucked her hair behind one ear before placing his hand over the phone and hiding the picture.

She put her other hand on top of his. "You know you're my best friend, right?"

"And you're mine." Ted took her phone away and filled her hands with his. For a long moment, they stared at each other with sad eyes. Avril felt sad over her ending relationship and Ted felt sad for his friend's loss. "If it matters, you could keep being faithful to him until he comes home."

"Or, I can do this," she said, forward and pressing her lips against his. It was not a friendship kiss.

"Whoa," Ted said, pulling away half a moment before they crossed a line friends never cross.

"That felt good," Avril said with half a smile. She pressed her lips against his again, leaning against him until he was trapped against the back of his couch. They kissed until their lips parted and tongues began caressing each other. They kissed for a long time before Avril pulled away. Wide-eyed, she patted her wet lips as if making sure they truly belonged to her. "Wow, you're not supposed to be good at doing that."

"Why not?" Ted asked, wearing a hint of a smile.

"Because kissing you is supposed to feel like kissing my brother."

"You don't have any brothers."

"You get what I mean," she said, still looking surprised. "We can never do that again."

"Yeah," he agreed. Friends don't kiss, and if their lips do meet, they don't open their mouths for more.

"Never again after this time," Avril said, putting her hand behind his head and pulling him forward for another kiss. Again, their lips parted and tongues met. This kiss lasted even longer before she pulled away. "Stop being so good at that, you know I have a boyfriend!"

"A crappy one who's cheating on you."

"Maybe it was a one-night-stand," she huffed, sitting back and crossing her arms just below her breasts.

"And maybe Chip wants to get into your pants," Ted said, pointing out part of the equation they hadn't discussed.

"Why would you say that?"

"Why else would he share that picture with you?" Ted asked. "It's always bro's before 'ho's, unless you want that 'ho, and then it's, 'Fuck that bro.'"

"Are you calling me a 'ho?"

"Never," Ted promised.

"Why don't you have a girlfriend anyway?"

Ted fidgeted. "Just one of those things."

"You're a great guy. You should have women lined up wanting to date you."

"Except girls like bad boys and I'm not."

"That's not really true," Avril insisted, though her tone sounded as weak as her denial. "Well, not all women and not all the time."

"Maybe you can start a rumor about me. You can tell your friends I'm a great kisser and how I have a big dick."

"Big, but not too big," she said.

"How would you know?" he asked, shrugging away the flippant comment. Wearing a big grin, he made her an offer. "Kiss me again and maybe I'll show it to you."

"Tease." Avril glanced at his lap for a moment before catching herself and returning her gaze to his face. "Is kissing me getting you hard?"

"It might."

Avril tucked her legs beneath her and sat up straight. Ted's gaze dropped to her chest, noticing and appreciating how her new position accentuated her breasts. "Let's say we kiss again and you get hard, will you really show it to me?"

"I don't know, maybe," he mumbled, making sure he wasn't staring at her tits.

Wearing an impish smile, Avril ran her fingers through Ted's hair. "What if I get you really, really hard?"

"I guess," he said, fumbling for a right answer to a very wrong thought. Ted recognized the slight narrowing of her eyes above her playful smirk. He had spent too many years watching her from across a room and he knew he couldn't trust that particular expression.

She pointedly glanced at his lap again before looking back up at him. "So, we kiss, you get hard, you show it to me, and that's it?"

"If I get hard, I might want more."

"Technically, I still have a boyfriend."

"Officially, we know you don't."

"But I'm not going to renege on pretending to be his girlfriend until I see him again."

"But kissing and seeing me naked is okay?" he asked.

"Naked and hard," she said, licking her lips and laying it on thick.

"What if I want an orgasm, too?"

"I'll watch you give yourself one."

Ted laughed. "That's allowed, too?"

"None of it this is 'allowed.' And none of it is going to happen if you keep talking about it. Take a chance Teddie. Let go and see where it goes, that's all I'm saying."

Ted stared at his friend, his best friend, a woman he had known longer than anyone else in his life. He didn't know why they had stayed best friends, except they had safely maintained a no-bullshit policy between themselves. They were there for each other whenever the other person called. She had known all of his girlfriends. He had known all of her boyfriends. She had even told him about her few one-night-stands. His number was substantially smaller than hers.

He knew he could ask her anything and she would give him an honest answer. It had always worked in reverse, too. Still, there was a single question never asked between them: Why didn't they date each other? He knew the reasons. He wasn't handsome enough. He didn't drive a fancy, new car. His fashion sense seldom went farther than jeans and a t-shirt. He saved his money instead of spending it on lavish gifts or fancy dinners. He wasn't blessed with a silver tongue and the ability to seduce with a single, well-spoken line. Girls like Avril didn't date geeks like him and he had never asked for an explanation. He was happy being her friend, a true friend, one without conditions.

"Would we still be friends if something happens?"

"Maybe," she said, flashing that same playful grin she had used earlier, the sly smirk he knew he couldn't trust. She was testing him, forcing him to think less and act more.

"I hate you," he said, pulling her close and pressing his lips against hers, taking a kiss from her instead of reacting to one she had initiated. As her lips parted, he knew he couldn't steal something freely offered. He relaxed, releasing his apprehensions about whether their lips belonged together. Right or wrong, this was happening and they both approved.

A soft moan moved from Avril's mouth into his and he felt his passion rising. He caressed her back, sliding his hand up her neck and losing his fingers inside the mane of her sweet-smelling blonde hair. Avril moaned again, kissing him with more heat while Ted wondered what to do with his other hand. He kept it safely on her shoulder, resisting the temptation to slip it down her chest and cup her breasts. He wouldn't risk breaking whatever spell had fallen over them.

"How you doing?" she murmured, asking the words with her lips still in contact with him.

"Good," he confessed, feeling a tinge of shame as their kiss began working its magic in other places, too.

"Are you getting hard?"

"Why don't you check?" he asked, squirming.

"That's not our deal," she said. "Just kissing, remember?"

"We should stop," he murmured, staying in constant contact with her mouth.

"No," she said, putting a hand behind his head and keeping him locked in their kiss. Her petite hand caressed the side of his face and he felt his blood boiling. This was wrong, so very wrong. Friends shouldn't kiss like wanna-be lovers. He shouldn't get hard in front of her. They should stop. He kissed her again until he felt Avril pulling away. She looked at his lap and asked, "Is that all you?"

"Some of it is a sock I shoved in my pants before you got here."

Her eyes went wide with surprise as she moved her gaze to his face. She wasn't expecting his humor. "Now you have to show it to me, you dufus."

"No, I don't." He moved in for another taste of her sweetness.

Avril pulled away. "But you promised and it's been months since I've seen one in real life."

"Kiss me and I will," he said, believing he was lying. She gave him a measured gaze before kissing him again. She pulled his hand off her shoulder and placed it between his legs. He knew what she expected.

Ted cupped the large bulge inside his jeans straining for more attention and battled with the question of right or wrong. Every part of him wanted to move forward except things would forever change between them if he did. They could never go back to being whatever they were. This could break a friendship that had lasted a decade. He wouldn't do it. He shouldn't do it. Except passion doesn't acknowledge the arguments of reason. He undid the button at the top of his jeans.

"Do it," she mumbled. "Show me."

Was she watching? Was she kissing with opened eyes, staring past his cheek and watching his hand? "This is so wrong," he silently worried, fishing inside the flap of his boxers and pulling out his hard prick, exposing it for all the world to see, though his world only included her.

Avril broke their kiss and stared at the long, hard length of manliness he held in his hand. She grinned from ear-to-ear, wide-eyed with the sort of expression saved for unexpectedly bumping into a favorite celebrity at the grocery store.

"Now you've seen it," he said, instantly embarrassed and regretting his decision. He began tucking himself back together.

"But I want to see you get off, too," she insisted, pulling harder on his arm and preventing him from covering up.

"Pervert," he playfully quipped.

"So?" she asked, laughing with him. Avril wrapped both arms around Ted's one arm, holding it against her body while he struggled to redo his pants. Ted learned it was easier undressing with one hand than doing the opposite. He managed tucking his hard-on inside the flap of his underwear and nothing more. Smiling, they stared each other down, acknowledging they were being silly and enjoying it. "You should kiss me again."

"You just want to see me naked again."

"Probably," she admitted, pressing their lips together again. As they kissed, she tugged at his open pants.

"What are you doing?" he asked, keeping his lips close to hers.

"I want to see it again."

"No," Ted said, though he didn't stop her tugging.

"Yes," she insisted, working his jeans halfway off his ass. She hooked her thumb inside the waistband of his boxers, forcing those down, too.

"Avril, please," he pleaded, unwilling to help or stop her. "We can't."

She pulled away from their kiss, looked him directly in the eyes and stated a very simple truth, "No, we shouldn't, but nothing says we can't."

Ted blinked hard and tried to find the flaw in her reasoning. His quick, highly analytical mind came up with a single reason. "You're more important to me than an orgasm."

"I feel the same way." She worked his underwear farther down. "That's why this is okay."

"Because we're friends?" he asked, covering his nudity with both hands.

"Because our friendship won't let something like this get in its way," she said, pulling one of his hands away. "Now give me a show."

Before Ted could object, she pressed her mouth against his, leaving him no other option except moaning. If he was complaining, she didn't seem to care. Avril's kisses were deeper and more passionate than ever.

His swollen cock ached for attention. Why shouldn't he give himself over to her desires? If this was something she wanted, then why shouldn't he follow through? Who was he depriving of a good time? He rubbed his hard-on a few times, Avril moaned, and he knew she was watching.

"Please don't stop," she said, breaking their kiss for a better look.

"I won't, except I have a problem." She gave him a puzzled look. "I'm right-handed," he explained, tugging free the arm she still held against her body.

"Sorry," she mumbled, putting one arm around his shoulders as she watched him stroking his long, hard cock. He felt her breasts against his arm and it fueled his need. For a few moments, she watched before saying, "This is so sexy." She kissed him again, not as long, but just as deeply. "I've never watched a guy do it."

"I've never been watched," he confessed, feeling out-of-place, as if he was breaking too many taboos at once.

"You're not going to stop, are you?"

"Wasn't planning on it." The thought of stopping short of an orgasm had never occurred to him.

"Good, because I want to see it. I want to see you have an orgasm."

"This is so crazy," he muttered.

"But it's fun, isn't it?" she asked, caressing his bare thigh.

"You can help if you want."

"No, I just want to watch," she said though she kept her hand on his thigh.

Did she know that was helping? "Can we kiss some more?"

She leaned in and kissed him again. Ted leaned back, relaxing and melting into her kiss. Damn, her lips felt so good against his. He caressed his hard cock faster, enjoying the moment. She broke their kiss for another good, long stare before returning her lips to his.

"I love how you kiss," he groaned when she looked again. Lifting his head from the back of his couch, he nuzzled against her neck. "You smell so sweet."

"That's hair conditioner," she said, giving him another kiss, though it was just a peck.

"I don't care, I still like it. I always have."

Avril looked surprised. "Really?"

He nodded, fighting off a sense of revealing too much. Avril had always been out of his league, too pretty and too socially connected for someone like him. As much as Ted pined for her, he knew her friendship was all he would ever have. Girls like Avril didn't date geeky guys like him. "I'm getting close," he moaned, pulling up the bottom of his shirt and exposing his belly.

"Hm, I love your stomach," she said, caressing his newly bared flesh. "Especially this part." She tickled the line of hair that led downwards from his bellybutton until it reached his pubic hair. "You work-out, don't you?"

"Some," he groaned, nearing that ragged edge of no return. He wasn't a gym rat. His workouts consisted of fifty sit-ups and fifty push-ups every morning along with running a couple miles every other day. He knew he would never be the muscle-bound Adonis she deserved.

"Do it," she purred, briefly kissing him. "I want to see it."

Ted felt swept up in a whirlwind fueled by lust, pent-up need, unspoken desires, and happiness that his best friend seemed happy, too. He gave into the magic of the moment, drawing in a final deep breath before his release began. His cock exploded with the joy of release, shooting and spraying the first long, ropey strand of his hot, white semen farther than he had anticipated. His cumshot splattered over his bunched up t-shirt, landing on his chest. Each following spurt followed the same path without the same reach until a long line of milky white wetness led from his neckline all the way back to his hard cockhead.

"Oh fuck, that's sexy!" Avril squealed, bouncing with joy. "That could be the sexiest thing I've ever seen! Thank you!" She began peppering his face with more kisses in rapid fire succession, so many that it became funny to both of them.

"So, that was fun?" he asked, purposely understating her reaction.

"That was incredible!" she squealed before doing something he didn't expect. She scooped a fingerful of semen off his stomach and popped it into her mouth. "And it's tasty, too."

"Are you trying to make me do it a second time?"

"Tease," she giggled, scooping up another fingerful and feeding it to him. "See? It's yummy, isn't it?"

"Whoa," he said with a startled look. "So, that just happened."

"What? You've never tasted yourself?" she asked, running her finger through a puddle of semen as if she was finger painting.

"No, have you?"

"I do it all the time," she said, laughing. "But I like how guys taste better." She licked her finger clean before going back for more.

"Can I get dressed now?"

"Maybe," she said, though she didn't move away from him. Instead, she kept him pushed against the couch while she played with the mess on his stomach and stared at his spent manhood. "Has anyone ever said you have a great looking cock?"

"Not that I can remember."

"Well, you do, and it's big, too."

"Big, but not too big," he said, repeating her words from earlier. He excused himself. Moments later, he returned cleaned up and wearing a new t-shirt. He plopped next to her couch and they swapped unsure smiles. "Are we okay?"

She nodded. "Still best friends, though I need to leave."

"Because of what just happened?"

"No, because I have to work in the morning and it's getting late," she said, brushing her lips against his before standing. "And, I might need to take care of myself."

"Tease," he said, following her to the door.

"Probably," she admitted, pausing to take a long look at him from head-to-toe before she pulled open his door and left.

* * * * *

Avril suggested lunch at Panera Bread Company. Ted recognized that she had named her favorite comfort food. She met him at the door wearing a big smile he wasn't expecting. "Sorry," she said after eyeing him up and down and before giving him a polite peck on the cheek. "Was just thinking about last night."

"We still okay?" he asked.

"Of course," she said. "Though you can never kiss me again. You're dangerous."

"Me?" he scoffed, laughing. "You started it!"

"Maybe," she allowed, pausing to place her order. They collected cups, visited the drink station, and sat in a booth away from everyone else.

"Is it okay if we still talk about Robbie?"

"Whatever you want," he assured her.

"Do you think it's wrong that I still miss him?"

"Not really." He shrugged. "You've been with him for almost a year. I think you're supposed to miss him."

"But he's cheating on me," she said, playing with her straw paper.

"It could have been a one-night-stand."

"What if it wasn't?"

"What if it was?" he asked, playing devil's advocate for her. They paused while a server delivered their food. "Do you feel guilty about last night?"

"Why? Nothing happened. I mean, not really, you know?"

Ted nodded. That wasn't how it felt to him.

"We didn't do anything," Avril insisted. "I mean, sure, we kissed, but so what?"

"Do you think Robbie would approve?"

"Fuck him," Avril grumbled. "I didn't kiss you because of what Robbie's doing." She washed down a mouthful of food. "And I'm glad I kissed you. You're an amazing kisser."

"Be sure to tell your friends," Ted joked.

"Can I tell them the rest, too?" Avril asked, flashing a grin again.

"You might want to keep that part to yourself."

"Do you regret it?"

"It just feels weird knowing you've seen me like that."

"I liked it," she insisted with a playful glimmer in her eye. "I want to do it again."

"Except, you have a boyfriend."

"I can still watch, can't I?"

"I guess," Ted said, laughing.

"What if I wanted to do more than just watch?"

"Tempting, except you still have a boyfriend."

Avril tilted her head, considering him for a long moment before she pushed away her empty plate. "See? Right there, that's why I love you so much."

"Because I know you have a boyfriend?"

"Because that means something to you."

"Just don't test that theory too hard," he cautioned and he meant it.

"I'm supposed to meet some work friends for drinks tonight, would you come with me?"

"Sounds like you're asking me out," Ted said.

"Actually, I'm hoping you'll cock-block Chip. Fuck, he's getting annoying. He's been hitting on me since Robbie left and it's only getting worse."

"He's really breaking the Man Code." An annoying thought occurred to Ted, one he wanted to keep to himself, except he couldn't. "What if Chip already had that picture of Robbie on his phone? What if it was from before Robbie starting dating you?"

"No way!" Avril said, digging out her phone and pulling up the damning picture once more. She expanded the picture and studied its details. Unfortunately, there weren't many details to see aside from Robbie, his date, and the bed. "I'm getting really tired of looking at this pic," she grumbled. Finally, she stopped her scrolling and wore a victorious look on her face as she pointed to the binder on the nightstand. "That's the same binder they gave me when I did that training last year."

"Then I guess it's true," Ted said, feeling bad for his friend as he watched disappointment replacing the pleasure from her flash of discovery. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have pointed that out."

"No, you're fine," she said, glancing at the full picture again. "You were trying to defend Robbie, not throw him under the bus."

"Yeah, I'm just stupid like that."

"It's not stupid, it's call being a friend. I'd kiss you, except. . ." she trailed off, not finishing her suggestion.

"Except you have a boyfriend."

"Actually, I was going say: except I might not want to stop."

"And you have a boyfriend," Ted insisted.

"Only for a couple more weeks," she said, putting away her phone. "So, will you come drinking with me tonight?"

"Trust me enough for that?"

She laughed. "Do you trust me? I might want to see you naked again."

"Tease."

"Maybe," she said with a playful wink. Ted wished he could figure out what that wink meant. Was she playing or flirting?

* * * * *

For appearance's sake, Ted drove without offering Avril a ride. They were friends and nothing more, but other people had trouble understanding the difference. For the same reason, Ted showed up late. Strolling into the Applebee's, he took in the scene. Avril and her workplace friends owned the center space around the bar. He saw faces he recognized from similar get-togethers. He smiled back at people who vaguely recognized him, too. He saw Cindy and Sally sitting in a booth and knew Avril wouldn't be far away from her two friends.

"Ted!" Cindy squealed as soon as she saw him. She jumped up from the booth and gave him a bear hug. "Avril said you would be here."

"I am, but where is she?" He asked, swapping hugs and air-kisses with both women.

"At the bar, next to Chip," Sally said. "He's working her hard."

"So I heard," Ted said. "She asked me to cock-block for her."

"You are such a good friend," Cindy said with a look of admiration in her eyes. "We tried, but Chip just blows us off."

"I think he showed her another picture," Sally offered.

"I don't get that. Why?" Cindy said.

"Oh, they're boys. They were in the same fraternity in college, so they're tight."

"I guess," Ted allowed, realizing Sally was referencing a world he never understood. He accepted his place in life as a geek surrounded by mostly geek friends. Once, Avril had accompanied him to a work party and had laughed seeing so many skinny people wearing glasses in one room. Ted stepped up to the bar, next to his friend. "Hey there," he said. He gave Chip a nod.

"Hey handsome!" Avril flashed a big smile before kissing his cheek. Over her shoulder, he saw Chip sizing him up without enough information to reach a valid conclusion. "Sally's sitting a booth," Avril said, grabbing his hand and pulling him away. Once they were out of earshot of Chip, she explained, "I told Chip I'm playing matchmaker."

They spent an hour drinking and laughing, especially about the watchful eye Chip maintained over the quartet. Ted paced himself, sipping a single beer and making it last. Neither Avril or Sally showed the same restraint. "Guess you're the designated driver?" Ted asked Cindy.

"Yeah," she said with a sigh.

As Sally got drunker, she became more interested in Ted. It was a pattern she had repeated before that night. "You are so cute," she gushed, hanging on his arm. Ted looked to Avril for help. Though Sally was pretty, she was clingy and a bit of an airhead, two traits that turned him off.

"Isn't he?" Avril gushed. "And he's a great kisser, too."

"I thought the two of you were just friends?" Sally asked, looking confused.

"Best friends," Avril said. "He's lucky I already have a boyfriend."

"Some boyfriend," Cindy said, rolling her eyes. "Did Chip show you another picture?"

"He showed me lots of pictures. Apparently, he has an entire collection Robbie has taken through the years of other girlfriends."

"What a perv!" Cindy said, echoing the opinions of everyone else at the table.

"Fucking frat boys," Sally added before the three women went into a rant about how nearly all guys were douche-bags and unworthy of them.

"See what happens if you disrespect our girl?" Cindy asked Ted.

"I would never do that," he said, confused. "Besides, we're just friends."

"Uh-huh," Sally said, rolling her eyes. "Friends who kiss." Despite the anti-man tirade they had just finished, she draped herself over Ted again. "I want to be your friend."

"And, he has a really big dick," Avril volunteered. Her friends cheered that morsel of information with hoots and howls fueled by alcohol.

"Should I ask how she knows?" Sally asked.

"Probably not," Ted said, feeling very uncomfortable with the direction of the conversation.

"He showed it to me," Avril announced, drawing surprised stares from her friends. "Nothing happened. Well, not really."

"Oh-my-God, he's blushing!" Cindy cried, pointing out Ted's situation.

"Okay, details," Sally demanded.

Ted looked at Avril. She had gotten them into this, she could get them out of it, too. Except Avril wasn't having any of that. "Go ahead, tell them." Wide-eyed, Ted shook his head. No way could he explain what had happened. "Fine," she said, finishing her beer. Her story was a patent lie. "We got really drunk one night, he lost a bet, and I made him show it to me."

"Was he hard?" Cindy asked.

"Is he really big?" Sally wanted to know.

"Big, but not too big," Avril said, laughing. "And it's pretty."

"Pretty?" Ted asked, unsure if that was a good word to use when describing a man's penis.

"Yeah, it is," she insisted. "Though you should do some manscaping."

"I love when a man shaves down there," Cindy said, accepting Avril's lie without question.

"Me too," Sally agreed. "Why should we be expected to shave down there if they won't do it, too?"

"I'll keep that in mind for next time," Ted said, making a mental note for when he started a new relationship.

"Can I watch you do it?" Avril asked.

Ted played along. "Sure."

"Can I bring along a friend?"

"The more the merrier," he said. Surely she was kidding.

"I can't go. I have a boyfriend," Cindy whined.

"So do I," Avril pointed out.

"Except she has a real boyfriend," Sally pointed out.

Ted tried ending the game by announcing, "I'm not shaving down there tonight."

"How about if I do it?" Sally offered. "I used to be a hairdresser, so I'm really good with clippers and razors."

"And I'm not going to let a drunk chick do it," he insisted.

"Fine, then we'll just watch you do it," Avril said, twisting his words. She asked her girlfriend for a ruling. "Watching him shave isn't the same as cheating, is it?"

"Not compared to what Robbie's probably doing tonight," Cindy said.

"Ouch," Ted said, noticing Avril wincing. His heart went out to her. She deserved so much better than Robbie (or Chip).

"I'm so sorry," Cindy quickly gushed, apologizing to her friend.

Avril shrugged it away before tossing back the rest of her beer. She released a long, loud belch followed by a very satisfied smirk. "Someone order me a shot." She stood and headed towards the restroom. Sally and Cindy followed after her.

Ted ordered shots for the two out of three of the missing girls and glanced at his phone. He looked up to see Chip standing at the table. "You know you don't stand a chance with her?" Chip asked.

"Sally?" Ted asked back, confused.

"You know who I mean," Chip blustered. "She's not into geeks or freaks."

"We're just friends," Ted replied, assuming Chip meant Avril.

"Keep it that way," Chip said before heading back to his spot on the bar.

Ted had a few moments to consider Chip's words. He never cared for bullies or being bullied.

When the girls returned, only two out of three sat back down. "Something came up," Cindy said, standing at the end of the table. "Think you can give them a ride home?"

"Sure he can," Avril said, answering for him. "You don't mind, do you?"

Ted sensed he was being played, he gave the same answer he would have given without the suspicion of something else going on, "I don't mind."

"Thanks," Cindy said, bending over and giving him a peck on the cheek. "Be good!" She said before leaving.

"Aren't you going to have another drink?" Sally asked him.

"Not if I'm driving."

"Ted's afraid of drinking too much because he might black-out," Avril said, offering another reason why he was careful with alcohol.

"That only happened once," he reminded her.

"I know, but it sure was fun."

"Was that the time you saw him nakie?" Sally asked, back to leaning on Ted.

"Uh-huh," Avril confirmed with such a big, delighted smile that Ted wondered if there had been some truth to her earlier lie. When the server returned for another drink order, Sally waved her away. "But it's still early."

"I have liquor at my house," Sally said before flashing a big grin. "And all my hair styling tools."

"We should go," Avril insisted, wearing a huge grin of her own.

Ted guessed he had been setup. Rather than protest or argue, he would play things out. He led the way to his car.

"Is this yours?" Sally asked, marveling at the shiny, red antique glistening beneath parking lot lights.

"Yeah," Ted assured her, opening the passenger side door of his classic Mustang. He didn't bother explaining how it was an investment, a car he could drive without it losing value. Avril climbed into the backseat, allowing Sally to sit in the front. As Ted walked around to his side, he noticed Chip standing in outside the Applebee's. Ted smiled and waved.

* * * * *

Sally lived nearby and chattered the entire time she navigated. Neither Ted or Avril could get a word in edgewise. He parked in front of her townhouse style apartment and followed the girls inside. "I can't believe we're really going this," Sally gushed as she worked her lock.

"Same here," Ted said, frowning at Avril.

"Come on, it's going to be fun," Avril said, looking excited.

Sally's apartment matched her sunny disposition. Her furniture included large, floral prints. Pink and deep rose were clearly her favorite decorating colors. While she mixed drinks, Ted whispered to Avril, "All that's missing are a dozen cats."

Ted sipped his drink, tasted how it was mostly alcohol, and set it aside on a coaster. Avril pointed out the coasters included cat prints.

"I should get my stuff," Sally said, excitedly dashing upstairs.

"No way am I doing this," Ted told Avril.

"Not even for me?" she asked, snuggling next to him on the couch. She pressed her chest against his arm and rubbed his thigh.

"Seriously?" Ted asked, surprised by her forwardness. "How drunk are you?"

"Drunk enough," she said, turning his face towards hers and giving him a quick kiss.

"Avril, please," Ted begged, squirming uncomfortably.

"Come on," she insisted, giving him another kiss while trying to undo his pants.

"Really?" he asked, stunned by her forwardness. "Don't you have a boyfriend?"

"Nothing's going to happen. Not really." She gave him another kiss. "I just want to show you off."

"Maybe I don't want to show off," Ted said, wondering what was taking Sally so long. Shouldn't she be interrupting them by now?

"Please, what guy doesn't want to get naked with two girls and see what happens?"

"Are you getting naked, too?"

"Maybe," Avril suggested, pressing her breasts against his arm. Ted felt his willpower weakening.

"Can I come down yet?" Sally called from the top of the stairs, fracturing the moment.

"Idiot," Avril muttered.

Ted chuckled.

"Might as well," Avril said, pulling away from Ted. Softly, she told him, "You're not off the hook yet."

Holding a pink bag with cords hanging out of it, Sally looked confused. "But he's not nakie."

"Yeah, I wonder why." Avril sighed. "It's almost as if someone interrupted us."

Sally looked confused instead of reprimanded for not following their plan. "Are you shy?" she asked him.

"Something like that," he said.

Sally looked at Avril for help, didn't find any, and took matters into her own hands. Setting down her bag, she straddled Ted's legs and sat down on his knees. "You're not leaving here until we're done manscaping you."

"I'm not letting a drunk chick get near me with sharp instruments," he explained.

"A: I'm not that drunk. And secondly, if I was sober, I wouldn't be doing this."

"You should kiss him," Avril suggested. "He's a really good kisser."

Sally cupped Ted's face and tested Avril's suggestion. Her kisses felt good, but not as amazing as a kiss from Avril. Sally's kisses felt sloppy by comparison. Ted adjusted and kissed her back without offering his tongue. Knowing Avril watched embarrassed him. "Why are you blushing?" Sally asked, noticing his red face when she pulled away.

"I don't know," he mumbled.

"It's hot watching you kiss," Avril said, smiling broadly. "Do it again."

Sally took another kiss from him. As they kissed, Avril guided one of Ted's hands to Sally's chest. Sally moaned and their kiss deepened as soon as his hand landed on her chest.

"Mm, so hot," Avril purred, again pressing against Ted's arm. When Sally pulled away, Avril turned Ted's head, taking another kiss for herself. He kissed Avril while groping Sally and his head spun. He felt drunk without a drink as his body welcomed the thrill of these two women kissing him.

"Someone is getting hard," Sally announced, squirming against the bulge growing inside his pants.

"I want to see," Avril said, looking down Ted's body.

"Me too," Sally said, leaning in for another kiss. While their lips were busy, so were her hands. She undid the front of his pants while Ted explored her chest. He reached inside her shirt, found the hooks of her bra, and deftly undid it. When his hands returned to her front, he reached beneath her loosened bra and cupped her bare breasts. He found stiff nipples and gave into the moment. Sally tugged his pants open and off his hips. "Help me," she told Avril, immediately returning to kissing Ted. As their tongues met, he felt Avril tugging and pulling off his pants until he was bottomless. Sally interrupted their kiss again, this time so she could pull his shirt over his head, leaving him naked and hard. "Oh wow," she said, reaching between them and wrapping her hand around his hard cock.

"See? Big without being too big," Avril said, back on the couch and watching the action.

Sally kept her hands between their legs, caressing and fondling Ted's hardness while they kissed. Ted pushed up her top, hoping to pull it off so he wouldn't be the only one naked. "No," Sally said, pushing his hands away. "Only you."

"Well, that's unfair," Ted said, looking at Avril for help he didn't get.

"Why not? What's wrong with being naked for us?"

"It's embarrassing," Ted said, frustrated and feeling very vulnerable. 

"I like it," Avril insisted.

"Me too," Sally offered, sliding off his lap and picking up her drink. Her eyes never left him as took a small sip. "But she's right, you really need some manscaping."

"How much?" he asked, fighting the urge to cover his hardness. How could he be naked, clearly excited, and still look natural?

"He has a great body," Sally said, fishing inside of her top and pulling out her bra without taking off her shirt. Her nipples still looked hard.

"Doesn't he?" Avril replied as if Ted couldn't hear them.

"Why aren't you fucking him?"

"Because we're friends," Avril explained, as if that was enough of an explanation.

"Fuck being friends," Sally said, looking at Ted. "What's your excuse?"

"Because we're friends," Ted said with a shrug. Then he added, "And she always has a boyfriend."

"You two are fucked up," Sally said, shaking her head as she picked up her bag. "Let's move the kitchen."

Ted fought the urge to pick up his clothes and carry them with him. Walking through Sally's house naked and hard felt strange. "You have a such a cute ass," Avril said, following behind. She pinched his bare ass.

"Cut it out," he said, jumping and laughing.

Sally lined up her hair dressing equipment across the counter, plugging in her clippers. She pulled a chair close and sat down. "Okay, nakie boy, stand here." She pointed in front of her. Wearing a wistful grin, she caressed his hard cock a few times before looking up at him and asking, "Any requests?"

"I don't know," he replied, looking at Avril for a suggestion.

"Bald works for me," Avril said, leaning against the counter so she could watch. She wore a big grin and looked very happy.

"That's what I was thinking, too," Sally said, turning on her clippers, holding his hard prick to one side and raking the buzzing device downwards in a straight line. As soon as she began working, her demeanor changed and she began to sound like every hair dresser Ted had ever visited with a constant stream of conversation. "I used to do this to my last boyfriend all the time. He liked it bald, too. Even after we broke up, he wanted me to keep doing it, but I wouldn't do it. I mean, why should I? Why would I want to shave him for some other girl? That's crazy. I did do it once, just because I was horny, but nothing happened. He had a nice dick, but not as nice as yours. I really like how smooth it is. A lot of guys get those really big, bulging veins when they get hard and those are nice and all, except yours is prettier. . ."

Ted glanced at Avril who was intently watching the action happening around his hard cock. It took a moment before she looked up and caught his eyes. He gave her a look and she understood precisely what he meant. "Not ever," she replied, answering his unspoken question about whether Sally ever shut-up.

"Ball are tricky," Sally said, oblivious to the anything except her work. "See, you have to sort of smooth them out so you can clip without nicking." She fondled Ted's ball sac seemingly without noticing how the buzz of the clippers against his balls thrilled as much as her tender caresses. Instead, she just rambled on. "I offered to do this for Cindy's boyfriend, too, but she didn't think it was a good idea. I don't know why. It's not like I'm giving him a blowjob or something."

"It feels more like a handjob," Ted injected.

"Wait until I get to the shaving cream part," Sally said, tapping the insides of Ted's feet. He got the message that she wanted him to widen his stance. Lifting his balls, she raked the clippers across the area beneath and behind his balls, too.

She set aside her clippers, taking the time to unplug them and toss them back inside her bag before picking up a shaving bowl. She added some powder, a bit of water, and used an old fashioned shaving brush to whip up a frothy foam. Using the brush, she painted foam around his hard prick, across his balls, and between legs, too.

Leaning back in her chair, she looked up and gave him a worried look. "You're not going to like what I have to do next."

"Why? What are you going to do?" he asked, worried.

"Well, I need to shave behind your dick and you're really hard."

"So?"

"So, I need you to not be so hard so I can shave there."

"It's not as if I can control that," he said.

"I know, but it's important, so you're just going to have to trust me," she said. Ted didn't, though he stood his ground. "I promise I'll make it up to you."

"Make what up to me?" he asked.

Without further warning, Sally pinched the sensitive bundle of nerves just below his head, that spot marked on a man's cock from his circumcision. She precisely pinched that spot and twisted, shocking him with an instant jolt of pain more incredible than he could have ever imagined.

"Ow!" he bellowed, pulling away and looking down at her as if she was the evilest of super villains. His excitement instantly faded and his once proud cock sagged.

"I had a sex therapist teach me that," Sally explained to Avril, who appeared equally mortified. "She said it was a good way to help a man suffering from premature ejaculation. You let him get close to his orgasm, and then tweak him so he loses his thrill."

"That hurts like hell," Ted said, still reeling from sudden jolt of pain and no longer trusting Sally.

"I know, baby," Sally cooed. "But I promise to make it up to you."

"How?"

"Come back over here and you'll see," she said, pulling him closer. With a razor in hand, she deftly raked away the stubble that would have been hidden behind his swollen prick, including the few hairs that grew on his shaft. "There, now you can get hard again."

"I don't think I want to," he said, still angry and untrusting.

"No, really," she said, stroking his cock. "I need you to get hard for the rest of this. It's easier to do your balls if you're hard." Though her hand felt good sliding along his length, it wasn't enough to change the direction of his hard-on. Being naked in front of them had been embarrassing enough, but that bit of unexpected pain had broken the spell.

"I think I can do the rest at home."

"Don't be like that," Avril said, pushing off the counter. She wrapped an arm around his neck and pulled his face to hers for a kiss. As their kiss lingered, Sally's stroking began feeling more alluring until Ted's cock was once again at full mast. "Fuck, I like seeing you hard," Avril said, moving back to lean against the counter.

"Thanks," Sally said, going back to work on him and resuming her mindless patter. "My boyfriend never liked that part either. I always had to suck him hard again. Then we realized that I could have saved shaving that part of last. So I used to shave him everywhere, suck him off, and then I could shave that part."

"You could have done that to me," Ted groused.

"Except then we would be having sex," Sally said.

"So?" Ted asked, confused why that would be a problem.

Sally glanced up at Avril before revealing, "We just wanted to see you naked."

"Seriously?" Ted asked, feeling played.

"Oh, don't be like that," Avril said, sipping her drink. She gave him a smirk and looked drunk. "We'll watch you jerk-off if you want, too."

"Oh-my-God, that would be so hot!" Sally chimed, rinsing off her razor before going back to work. "I've never seen a guy do that, not in real life. I've always wanted to see it, though."

"It's hot as hell," Avril said.

"You've done that? I'm so jealous! Who did you do it with? Was it Robbie? I bet that was hot as hell. He's so fucking gorgeous!"

Avril's response surprised Ted, "Someone hotter than Robbie."

"Hotter than Robbie?" Sally asked, unbelieving. She mentioned Avril's last boyfriend. "It couldn't have been Terry, but Robbie is a lot hotter than Terry. Don't get me wrong, I'd do Terry in a heartbeat, but I think Robbie is a lot cuter."

"Except Robbie is a cheating player," Avril pointed out, taking a long draw from her drink.

"Yeah, but still," Sally said, working on Ted's body as if he was nothing more than a mannequin. "Are you going to break up with him when he gets back?"

"Why? Do you want to start dating him?"

"Not right after you, but if he stays on the market, I don't know. Would it be okay?"

"You can fuck anyone you want," Avril announced with acid dripping from her words. Sally didn't miss her tone. She knocked back the rest of her drink.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't be talking about him, should I?"

"Probably not," Ted agreed. He had watched as Avril's mood had sagged. "Are you almost done?"

"Almost," Sally said, raking between his legs, too. She pulled a clean dish towel from a drawer and used it as a washcloth, removing the last remnants of shaving cream from his body before turning him to face Avril. "There! What do you think?"

"Now that's hot," Avril said, trading her sad expression for a smile.

"You should feel," Sally said, rubbing her hands over and around Ted's swollen prick. "He's soooo smooth."

Avril stepped forward for a grope of her own. Ted's hard cock throbbed from the attention of two girls touching and caressing him. "So, you like it?" she asked him.

"What's not to like?" he asked, too excited to feel embarrassed by their attention.

"It's even nicer when you go down on him," Sally suggested.

"I'll take your word for it," Avril replied. "But it's okay if you want to do it."

Sally stared longingly at Ted's hard cock as she caressed him. She licked her lips and for a moment, he thought she was going to do it. "I don't think I'd want to stop at just going down on him."

"It's getting really late," Ted said, worried that if he allowed Sally to do more, he would make a commitment didn't want to make. "And I still have to take Avril home."

Ted got dressed and they said their good-byes to Sally. Avril wrapped her arm around Ted for support as he steered her towards the car. "You're really wasted," he said, chuckling.

"Why did she have to mention Robbie?" Avril whined.

"I'm sorry," Ted said, opening the door for his friend. After he sat behind the wheel, Avril reached over and tried undoing his pants. "Whoa, what are you doing?"

"I want to see it again," Avril said, pressing her lips against Ted's.

He found it difficult to resist her kiss and her busy hands, but found the strength. "I have to drive."

"Just let me feel again."

"Let's wait until we get you home and then I show you again."

"Promise?"

"Yes," he said, hoping all the alcohol she had consumed would change the equation by the time they reached her apartment.

* * * * *

"I like seeing you naked," Avril said as he drove. He tried ignoring her hand resting on his thigh, though the intimate touch kept him hard and needful. "And I think it's sexy that you got naked in front of Sally, too."

"It's not like I had a choice," he pointed out.

"Aw, don't be like that. It's fun being naked, isn't it?"

"I got hard, didn't I?" he said rather than admit her role in making him that way. "We're still just friends, right?"

"Best friends."

"Even though you've seen me naked?"

"I think that makes us better friends," she said, sliding her hand farther up his thigh until the side of her hand pressed against his crotch.

"I don't think we should kiss anymore, though."

"Why?" she asked, pouting.

"Because that makes me want to do more than we can do."

"Yeah, me too," she said, giggling. "Your kisses make me wet."

"See?"

"But maybe I like being hot and bothered," she said, running her hand over his bulge.

"You're supposed to save that for your boyfriend."

"Except he's not around," she said, pulling her hand away from his bulge but keeping it on his leg. "You know, girls masturbate, too."

"I know."

"So, that's all that's going to happen. You get me excited and then I masturbate, why is that such a big deal?"

"I don't know," he said, trying to have this conversation with a drunk Avril was foolish.

"I wish you would have jerked-off in front of Sally."

"Why?"

"Because it would have been hot," Avril said, squeezing his leg without moving her hand any closer to his danger zone. "And I know it would have made her hot, too."

"Oh, I think she got worked enough doing what she did."

"Yeah, she's probably masturbating and thinking about you right now. How does that feel?"

"Weird," Ted said, realizing she was probably right. As he parked in front of her place, he realized he shouldn't stay. He should help her inside her apartment and then leave as quickly as possible. She waited for him to get her door. Once more, she wrapped her arm around his waist and leaned against him for support. He worked the lock for her. She pulled him inside and started kissing him. "Whoa," he said, pulling away after their first kiss. "I thought we weren't going to do that anymore."

"Sorry," she said with a smirk and a giggle that made it clear she didn't feel any regrets. She began working the front of his pants. "Are you going to jerk-off for me?"

"I don't think I should do anything," he said, brushing away her hands.

"But you promised," she insisted, brushing away his brush-off and tugging down his pants. Without a reason to be otherwise, he was still hard.

Ted realized he needed a deal buster before things got out of hand. "Robbie," he said, hating himself a bit for uttering her boyfriend's name in that way.

"Robbie is why I'm not dragging you into my bedroom and fucking your brains out." She brushed her lips against his, pulled his shirt up, and broke their kiss to pull off his shirt. She took a step back and admired him standing naked except for the bundle of fabric around his ankles. "Now that's what I'm talking about." Turning, Avril walked over to her couch and sat down. Her entire face lit up a big smile and a delighted glimmer appeared in her eyes. "Dare you to come over here and sit with me."

Feeling foolish, Ted stepped out of his pants. His needful cock throbbed. He felt the room in a way he had never noticed as air kissed bare flesh unaccustomed to being exposed. He had no idea what he should do with his hands. Sitting next to her, he stretched out his legs, crossed his ankles, and put his hands behind his head. Fuck it. If he was going to be naked and hard in front of Avril, then why try to cover up?

"I think you should be like this every time we're together," Avril said, squirming as she openly admired his nakedness.

He admired her, too, unable to miss the twin points poking through her top or the hungry look in her eyes. "What's in it for me?" he asked with a wry grin.

"Is it okay if I do this?" she asked, running her hand across his flat stomach until her fingers touched flesh usually covered by pubic hair. She carefully caressed around his hard cock. His prick throbbed, begging for the attention his body craved.

"I'm really close," he said, announcing something she surely knew.

"Make me a promise," she said, leaning over and brushing her lips against his. "Promise me it won't change our friendship if something else happens."

"Depends on what it is," he hedged, unsure how much more teasing his heart could take.

"I don't know," she said, running a finger along the length of his hard cock and smiling at how it made him jump. "I know you think I'm really drunk, and I sort of am, but I don't get drunk like you."

"I know," he said, having been around her before after she had had too much to drink. Avril always became overly affectionate when she drank too much. She was a sappy, emotional drunk.

"I always remember what I did the next day."

"That only happened that one time," he said with a heavy sigh.

She ignored him, giving his prick another single finger caress and ending by circling her finger around his reddish, purplish cockhead. "I love being your friend."

"I love being your friend, too."

"I know, but shut up for a second." She swallowed a hiccup as the rest of the alcohol she had ingested entered her system. "I love being your friend and love you being my friend, too." She leaned against his shoulder. It felt more like she fell against his shoulder. "And I think it's okay if I see you naked."

"Okay," he allowed.

"And I want to see it all the time because you're hot as hell."

"No, I'm not."

"Yes, you are," she insisted, punctuating each word by poking at his hard cock and using that firm tone drunk people did best. "And I want to show you off to all my friends."

"Uh-huh," he said, hoping she exaggerating.

She pulled one of his hands down, putting it on his dick. "I think you should jerk-off now."

"Why?"

"Because I want to see you do it."

Ted studied her for a moment. Something in her eyes said she had more in mind. "And?" he prompted.

"And I want to taste you, except I can't give you a blowjob because I still have a boyfriend." She slipped down his body, moving to rest her head on his chest. "Do it," she said, holding his hand around his cock and moving it for him.

"Are you serious?" he asked, gently moving his hand up and down beneath her hand.

"Please?" she begged, pushing away and letting him see her eyes. "I really do want to taste you."

"You're incredible," he said, surprised and stunned by her idea.

"Just do it," she said, settling her head on his stomach. She cupped his smooth balls and gave his stomach a kiss before pressing her ear against his belly and facing the head of his hard, swollen cock.

Ted felt his head spinning with lust and desire. Avril really wanted this and the idea sent an electric charge through him. His swollen, aching cock throbbed harder than ever in his hand. Feeling her small hand fondling and caressing his freshly shaved ball sac drove him wild. He recalled how she had scooped semen off his belly the first time and tasted it. That memory was enough to reassure him it was okay. He didn't have to stop.

He had been teased too long and quickly arrived at that point of no return. He groaned as the first, mighty spurt erupted from his prick, still aimed directly at Avril's pretty face. "Yes!" she cried out, milking his balls while jerking his hard cock faster. "All of it! Give it all to me!"

Ted came again and again with slowly diminishing thrusts until he felt sated and spent. His cock continued throbbing as Avril licked his stomach. She chased after every droplet of creamy cum that hadn't splashed into her mouth or on her face.

"Holy shit!" she giggled, sitting up and he saw the mess that had sprayed across her cheek and nose. She had cum on her face from her forehead to her chin. She traced her fingers across the juiciest bits, immediately licking her finger clean before going back for more. "I feel like a porn star," she said, still laughing as she pushed him backward until she could stand. "Don't go anywhere." She dashed towards her bathroom and appeared a few moments later. Her face looked wet and clean. She smiled as she sat back down. "That was hot as hell!"

"That was crazy," he said, spying a final droplet cum clinging to his cockhead. He scooped it up and fed it to her. "Have you always been like this?"

"I've always been very oral," she said with a big grin.

"Me too," he offered for no particular reason.

"God, I hope you're good at it. Robbie couldn't find my clit with a roadmap, GPS, and six neon signs pointing at it."

"I think I do okay," he said, not wanting to sound like a braggart.

"I'm really horny," she said, snuggling against him and trapping a hand between her legs.

"I should go," he offered, taking that as a hint that she wanted some time to herself.

"No, I think you should stay," she said, pulling his head to hers and kissing him deeply. He kissed her back, aching for more than he would ever have. He felt her squirming. She broke their kiss and undid her pants. "You're why I need to do this." She didn't get naked, but there was no question what she was doing as she shoved her hand inside her panties. 


Ted kissed her, keeping his hands to himself while his heart and mind raced knowing what she was doing. He felt her passion rising as quickly as his had. She squirmed and moaned deeply into his mouth. He felt her body tense for a moment before she shuddered with her orgasm, pulling away, and gasping for deep lungfuls of air. "That was incredible," he said, holding her close until she calmed. "Feel better?"

"Much," she sighed, pulling her hand from her pants. Her fingers glistened with her wetness. Without asking, he put his hand around her wrist and guided her hand to his lips. He sucked her fingers clean, relishing her taste as she reached in his lap with her opposite hand. "You're hard again."

"I wonder why," he said.

She stroked his around his hard cock a few times before slipping her hand down his thigh. "Are we still just friends?"

"I don't know, are we?"

"That's what I want us to be," she said, leaning her head on his shoulder. She slipped her hand near his cock again. "I want us to be the kind of friends where this is okay."

"So, friends with benefits?"

"God no, I hate that phrase."

"Then tell me what you want and that's the kind of friends we'll be."

"Maybe you can be my naked best friend?" she asked, giving him a tired, sleepy smile. "My naked best friend who sometimes kisses me, too."

"And jerks off in front of you?"

"I like when you do that," she said, squeezing his cock. "So yeah, my naked best friend who sometimes kisses me and lets me watch him jerk-off. That's the kind of best friend I want."

"I think you're still drunk," he suggested, kissing her forehead. "Do you want help getting to bed?"

"I don't want to go bed. I want to stay here like this," she said, snuggling closer. Ted held her in his arms until she fell asleep before carefully slipping out from beneath her. He covered with an afghan, got dressed, and very quietly left.

When he got home, he couldn't resist jerking off one more time. Feeling his shaved body parts felt new and interesting, though his orgasm wasn't as joyful as the first one of the evening. He wrote it off to it being late and went to bed.

* * * * *

He woke up naked and after his shower, he decided to stay that way. Being shaved down there felt more fun when exposed to the air. With nothing on his agenda for the day, he began playing video games. A few times he started to get hard just from the thrill of sitting around his house naked. He didn't mind. It was more fun being naked when he was hard, too.

It was nearly noon on Sunday before Avril called. "Whatcha doing?"

"Playing video games in the nude," he said, putting his game on pause.

"If that's true, I'll be right over."

Ted ignored her comment. "How you feeling? You were pretty drunk last night."

"I'm fine. I was disappointed when I woke up to an empty house."

Without knowing what else to say, he hedged and said nothing more than, "Well, you know."

"What? I've spent the night at your place."

"I know, but I wasn't too drunk to drive," he pointed out.

"Yeah, but how am I supposed to know for sure if you're my naked best friend if you're not there in the morning?"

Ted chuckled at her remarkable ability to maintain total recall even after a night of getting absolutely shitfaced. "Well, fortunately I take the words of drunk chicks with a grain of salt."

"Aw, so does that mean that if I stop by today, you're not going to get naked for me?"

"Seriously?"

"Why not?" she asked, sounding as chipper as ever. "You act like there's nothing in it for me."

"Actually, I think I'm doing it mostly for you," Ted corrected, laughing.

"I have no problem with that. Is it wrong for me to have a crush on my best friend?"

"Why not? I've had one on you for years."

"Except I'm a skinny blonde and you always date plump brunettes."

Ted didn't bother to explain.

"Sally's a skinny blonde and she wants to see you naked again, too."

"Oh please no," he groaned. "I think my head would explode if I had to listen to her constant chattering."

"Yeah, she gets like that after she's had a couple drinks. She's been texting me this morning asking about you."

"And?"

"And what? I told her I didn't know if you were seeing anyone. I also told her I passed out on the drive to my house."

"Heard from Robbie?" he asked, picking up his controller while keeping the phone beneath his chin.

"He usually calls in the evenings, " she said with a heavy sigh. "It feels funny talking to him when I know he cheated on me. What am I supposed to say?"

"I don't know."

"And I don't want to break-up with by phone, because that really shitty, especially since he'll be home soon."

"After you break-up with him, you and I should go out a real date and see what happens."

"I already know what will happen," she said. "We'll go out, have a great time, go back to your place and fuck each other's brains out."

"Sounds good so far," he said, feeling his prick responding to the idea.

"And then, in the morning, we'll be both be so freaked about what we did that we'll never do it again."

"I think everything will happen exactly like you said except the next day part. I think we'll wake up in each other's arms, profess our undying love to each other, and immediately make plans for whether we're moving in together at your place or mine."

"Well yours," Avril said. "You have a house and I still live in an apartment."

"My version has a happier ending."

"Except I don't think friends should ever fuck because that never turns out well. Remember Carson?" It took Ted a moment to place the name from Avril's past. "He and I started off as just friends, then we became boyfriend and girlfriend for a while, but it didn't work out. He wanted to be fuck buddies, but I didn't want to do that, so we stopped being friends, too."

"You've seen me naked and we're still friends," Ted pointed out.

"Yeah, and I still want to see you naked, too. Can I come over?"

"If you do, I'm getting dressed."

"Aw, don't be like that!"

"Come on, Avril, we both know we're playing with fire. Why do you think I get hard so easily around you?"

"Because I'm hot?" she asked, giggling as she said it.

"Do you think I've never noticed?" There was something about being naked on the phone with Avril and knowing she had seen him naked that gave Ted the strength to bare his soul, too. "This weekend isn't the first time I've ever been hard around you." What Avril said in response, though, startled him.

"And this weekend isn't the first time I've jilled-off thinking about you."

"Wait, did you just say 'jilled-off?'" he asked, understanding exactly what she meant by those words.

"Yeah. Guys jack-off and girls jill-off. So, yeah, you've guest starred a couple of times for me. Is that wrong?"

"No," he said, squeezing his rapidly expanding hard-on between his thighs. "Is it wrong that I'm getting hard hearing that?"

"You jerk," she giggled. "I've already gotten off once today. Tell me you're naked and hard and I'll have to do it again, too."

"Really?" he asked, ignoring her request. "How often do you do it?"

"How often do you do it?"

"I think it's different for guys," he said, feeling himself blushing.

"I did it three times yesterday," Avril announced as if it was nothing. "Once when I woke up and that was because of you. Then I did it again before going out last night, which may or may not have been because of you, and then once more with you last night. Wait, it was late, so I guess that means I've already done it twice today?"

"I did it again when I got home," he confessed.

"Have you done it yet today?"

"Not yet," he said, though he had a feeling he would be doing it very soon.

"Can I come over and watch you do it?"

Ted fell silent for a very long time as he wrestled with his answer. If he said "yes," then where would it end? But if he said "no," would she take that as an offense?

Avril filled the empty space he had left with a suggestion of her own, "I think you should say 'yes' because that would prove we can just do that without it meaning anything."

"Oh, so I'm supposed to invite you over every time I feel like jerking off just so you can watch?"

"I'm okay with that. I mean, I'd let you watch me, except that's not our thing."

"Can we make it our thing?"

"I don't think that's a good idea," Avril said without explanation. "What if I promise I won't try to touch, does that make it better or worse?"

"A little of both," he said, casually stroking his hard-on and wondering how this ever got to be a topic.

"Would it be better if I brought over a friend to watch, too?"

"Please don't say Sally."

"No, it doesn't need to be Sally," she cooed. "Cindy might want to watch. And I have other girlfriends, too. Maybe I should bring over someone you don't know, would you like that?"

"You know what's really crazy?" He asked. "I'm getting like stupid hard hearing this."

Avril giggled and it sounded like sweet music to him. "Should I tell you I'm getting wet saying it?"

"Only if you want me to get even harder."

"Are you really playing video games naked?"

"I have the game on pause."

"But you're really naked, right?"

"I have been since this morning. Being shaved feels better if I'm naked."

"God, that was so sexy watching Sally do that to you."

"Really?" He asked, surprised.

"Yeah. I think because I wanted to do it and I knew I couldn't, so I had to let her do it. I don't know. Or maybe because you were really hard and I like seeing you hard."

"I'm hard right now," he purred, feeling like half an idiot for saying it in a purring tone.

"Stay that way."

"Why?"

"Just because," she insisted.

"Where are you?" he asked, noticing how the sound changed in the background.

"Where do you think I am?"

"I thought you were at home," he said just as he heard a pitter-patter of soft knuckle raps on his front door. He didn't need to look out his front window to know he would see her car in his drive. Only Avril knocked on his door like that, a call back to high school when she was the pit lead for the percussion section of the school band.

Naked and hard as hell, Ted hung up his phone and strolled to his front door. He didn't bother checking the peephole, either. He swung it wide open and smiled at his friend still holding her phone up to her ear. "Hi there," she said, stepping inside. She glanced at the TV, as if to make sure he had been playing video games. He hadn't lied. His game remained on pause. "Now then, what were you doing?"

"Well, I think I was doing this," he said, moving back to his couch where he sat down, picked up his controller.

"Oh really?" she asked, sitting next to him and staring down his shoulder at his proud, swollen cock. "I thought you were playing with something else."

"Oh, you mean this ol' thing?" he asked, swatting at his hard-on. "Yeah, I might have been doing a little something with that, too."

Avril unbuttoned her jeans and put a hand inside her pants. "Feel like doing that some more?"

"Yes," he gasped, too excited to remain coy. He tossed his controller aside and slowly began pulling on his hard cock as he watched her hand moving inside her pants.

"Remember what I did last night?" she asked. Before he could answer, she leaned over and put her cheek on his stomach. Unlike last night, she put her face closer to the tip of his dick and whenever she exhaled, he could feel her warm breath caressing the head of his prick.

"This is so wrong," he muttered, though he moved his hand faster, stroking and urging his orgasm closer to reality.

"Do it," she moaned. He could feel the rhythmic motions of her arm as she stroked herself.

"Oh fuck," he groaned, feeling his need rapidly approaching.

"Yes!" she hissed and that was enough for him. He managed another groan before erupting with stars of pleasure in his eyes. He came hard, shooting and spray his cumshot upwards, across his belly, and into his best friend's waiting mouth. As had happened last night, he came hard, shooting thick, ropey strands upwards with every contraction of his body and it felt wonderful.

"Much better," Avril said, sounding a bit breathless, too. "You hardly missed at all." She sat up, thumbed a dribble off her chin, and smiled.

"What about you?" he asked, embarrassed that he had been so caught up with his orgasm he might have missed hers.

"Oh yeah," she assured him, feeding him two wet fingers coated with the wetness of her body.

"Fuck, I want to go down on you so bad."

"How do you think I feel?" she asked, giving him a tiny kiss and much bigger smile. "Now, why don't you go back to your game and I'm going to see what you have to eat around here."

"Not much," he said, following her into the kitchen. "I haven't gone grocery shopping in a few days."

"You play and I'll find something," she said, swinging open his refrigerator door. He leaned against the wall watching her for a moment. "And don't you dare get dressed," she said, pulling out some eggs, a few vegetables, and the last of his milk.

"Yes ma'am," he said, feeling awkward but determined to play by her rules.

Avril whipped together two very delicious omelets from the remnants of food Ted had in his fridge. Sitting on his couch, they watched Netflix while they ate and he remained naked the entire time. After eating, he washed the dishes and saw her staring at him as he walked back into his living room.

"Not as impressive when I'm soft, is it?" he said, catching the direction of her stare.

"Actually, I like it soft, too. You don't always have to be hard around me as long as you're naked."

"What if I get hard?" he asked, sitting next to her.

"Even better," she said with a smile. She grabbed his hand and held it as they watched the rest of the movie. Every now and then, Avril would glance between his legs and smile. After the movie, she stood and stretched. Ted admired her lithe body as she worked out whatever kinks she felt. "So, I guess I'll head home and masturbate before my boyfriend calls."

"Tease," Ted said, feeling a tingle between his legs. He absentmindedly pulled on his prick.

"Now don't get hard or you'll have to give me another show."

"Actually, I'm trying not to," he admitted with a small smile.

"Fuck, let me kiss you one time before I leave, okay?"

"Sure," he said, expecting a tiny good-bye kiss.

Instead, she wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a deep, soulful kiss. He was halfway hard when she pulled away. "Nice to know my kisses can do that do you."

"You're a real bitch sometimes," he said with a big smile, rubbing his half hard-on into something more.

"Careful," she said, watching him. "Or I'll have to stay to watch."

"Go," he told her, stepping to his front door. He hid behind it as he swung it open. "Have fun."

"Oh, I will," she said, blowing him another kiss before heading out to her car.

Thinking about Avril going home to masturbate gave Ted reason enough to get hard again, but instead of doing anything about it, he enjoyed the sensation of being naked and hard. Laying down to sleep with a hard-on felt oddly frustrating and satisfying. Frustrating, because he ached for the relief he was denying himself. Satisfying, because he knew why he was hard. This game with Avril had made him hard and if he were to share his condition with her, she would appreciate it.

* * * * * *

Another work week began with its usual drudgery. Ted dragged himself out of bed, went to work, and gave his full attention to his employer for roughly eight hours. His evenings were quiet. He and Avril exchanged a few text messages. He played catch-up with a couple other friends, too. Later in the evening, he battled his friends online in the virtual world.

The biggest change in life was the amount of time he spent naked at home. He didn't bother with clothes until it was time to leave the house. On Monday and Tuesday, he took a shower after going for a run and stayed naked. The other change was not feeling guilty if Avril came to mind while he was masturbating.

Wednesday night, he was invited out for "Hump Day" drinks with Avril, Cindy, and Sally. Against his better judgment, he joined them for a single beer he could nurse for over an hour. He worried that Sally might have gotten the wrong impression from the other night. Stepping into the same Applebee's as the other night, he walked into a similar scene. Sally and Cindy sat together while Chip was holding court with an unhappy looking Avril at the bar.

Sally's face lit up as soon as she saw Ted. Crap, he thought, making it a point to join Cindy on her side of the booth. "Was it something I said?" Sally asked, looking disappointed that he was sitting across from her.

"Nope. It's just that last time you attacked me with sharp objects," he said, hoping the joke would diffuse her disappointment.

"So, it really did happen!" Cindy exclaimed.

Sally looked surprised. "Did you think I made it up?"

"Well, no, but I don't know," Cindy said, trying to backpedal. "Did you really let Avril watch?"

"Didn't have much of a choice," he said, ordering the only beer he would have that night. "And don't act as if you were innocent."

"Well, they might have made a plan when we were in the bathroom," Cindy said, smiling and taking a sip of her beer.

"For the record, nothing happened," Sally announced.

"I would call what happened to me something," Ted said, earning smiles from both women. He noticed Cindy was drinking and asked about it.

"It's Avril's turn to be the designated driver."

Catching Avril's eye, he waved at her in case she hadn't noticed his arrival. "Do one of us need to rescue her from Chip?"

"Maybe," Sally said, looking worried. "He's really been coming on strong with the 'I'm here for you,' routine."

"Is that her phone?" Ted asked, spying a phone sitting in front of him that looked like hers. They nodded. "Be right back," he said.

Stepping up the bar, he stood directly behind Avril, waved over the bartender, and order shots for Sally and Cindy. When the bartender turned away, he acted as if he had just noticed Avril standing next to him. "Hey you!" he said.

"Hey yourself!" Avril said, turning and looking at him. She looked relieved to see him. "You came back for more!"

"Well, Sally and I sort of hit it off the other night," he said for Chip's benefit.

"Yeah, she keeps talking about you," Avril said.

"Oh, by the way, I think you missed a couple text messages from Robbie. Cindy said your phone was going crazy."

"Thanks," Avril said. "Talk to you later," she told Chip and she rushed over to the table, leaving Ted waiting on the bartender.

"You think you're slick because you gave them a ride home the other night?" Chip asked.

"No, I think I'm slick because they both want me," Ted said, dropping a twenty on the counter for the bartender and picking up the two drinks without waiting for change.

Ted received three "thank you's" when he returned to the bar. One each from Cindy and Sally for the shots and the third one from Avril for the rescue mission. "He keeps pressing to know what I'm going to do when Robbie gets home."

"Of course he does," Ted said.

"Tonight, he was trying to convince me that I should make Robbie get an STD test before I sleep with him again, you know, just in case that girl wasn't clean."

"Geez," Cindy said, shaking her head. "He's a real piece of work, isn't he?"

Things were fine until Sally pressed Avril for her decision and Avril hesitated before answering. "I'm probably going to break up with him. I mean, that's what I think I'm going to do, but I should at least hear him out, shouldn't I?"

"He cheated," Sally insisted. "You don't owe him shit."

"Says the girl who wants to do him next," Cindy pointed out, adding another wrinkle to the tightly woven fabric. 

"Better Robbie than Chip," Sally said. "Chip's an opportunist slimeball."

The three women talked about Robbie and Chip for the better part of the next hour while Ted remained quiet. He was stuck on how Avril had hesitated earlier. With his beer mostly gone, Ted said his good-byes and headed for the door. He was most of the way to his car when he heard Avril's voice behind him. He considered ignoring her, acting as if he couldn't hear her, but couldn't do it. Slowly, he turned.

"Why are you leaving so soon?" she asked, crossing the parking lot towards him.

"You know me, I'm a lightweight," he said, miming a drink. "One and I'm done."

"Are you mad at me?"

"Why would I be mad?"

"I don't know, but you hardly said anything all night."

He shrugged. What could he say? That he wanted her to break up with Robbie so they could go out? "Come here," he said, pulling her close and wrapping his arms around her. "I love you."

"And I love you," she said, hugging him back and sounding very confused.

"And I'm always going to be your best friend, no matter what, okay?"

"You better."

"Call Robbie tonight. Tell him you know he's been with someone else. Let him know the kind of friend he has in Chip, too."

"But I don't want to break up with him on the phone."

"I know and don't. Just tell him you know and save the rest of it for when he gets home."

"What if he denies it?" she asked, looking confused by his advice.

"Then you'll know for sure what kind of conversation you're going to have with him this weekend."

"And what if he admits it?"

"Then I don't know," Ted said. "Depends on whether it was a one-night-stand or not."

Avril stared at him for a long moment before slugging him in the arm. "You give shitty advice."

"Sorry," he said. "But I didn't hear any better advice coming from your girlfriends."

"I love you," she said, tangling him up in her arms again. This time, their embrace included a kiss. Though it was a long kiss, it didn't include any tongue. It wasn't that kind of kiss. "Go home and play with yourself for me."

"Sure thing," he said, giving her a smile that didn't include his eyes. As he watched her walked away with her head down, he caught a glimpse of Chip ducking back inside the restaurant. Of course Chip had followed her outside. Fuck him, Ted thought, getting into his car and driving the long way home in hopes that it would clear his head. It didn't.

Around eleven, he received a text message from Avril, "Tried calling Robbie. He didn't answer. He better not be with that skank. Night."

Her text message didn't make Ted feel better or worse. He wrote back a single, "K," and went to bed. Blessed sleep came quickly and completely.

* * * * * *

Ted enjoyed the routine of his Thursday with one exception, his pubic hair was growing back and creating an irritating itching sensation inside his boxers. He knew he had two choices, either shave again or tough it out until his hair grew back. He wasn't sure which way he wanted to go. When he got home, he had his mind made up. Rather than go for a run, he jumped in the shower and shaved the stubble from his private parts.

After his shower, he saw he had missed a call from Avril. When he dialed her back, she made an odd request, "You wanna get me drunk tonight?"

"Sure, right after you tell me why."

"I don't want to," she said and Ted knew the answer.

"Robbie."

"He called me about one o'clock last night. It was a drunk call, but he told me everything. He told me how he had been seeing another girl, that it was an accident, and how he didn't love her."

"Well, isn't that convenient."

"What's that mean?" Avril asked.

Ted sighed. It didn't matter. It never had, but he would still take the time to explain it because that's what friends did for friends. "Hm, the same night Chip sees us kissing in the parking lot is the night he drunk calls and pours out his heart? Did he sound surprised that you answered?"

"A little," she confirmed, looking confused. "But it was late, too."

"Late, as in, late enough to know if I was spending the night or not."

"Late enough for him to be really drunk. It was Hump Day."

"Avril, he was checking up on you. Chip saw us in the parking lot, told him, and he got worried about his at-home pussy."

"Then why did he tell me about that other girl?"

"Chip probably told him you thought something was up. Did you tell Robbie what kind of friend he has in Chip?"

"After he confessed, it didn't feel important," she explained. "He did ask about you, if we were still besties."

"Interesting," he said, giving her space to piece things together in her own time. Ted knew Avril was sharp and would figure it out.

"Wait, are you suggesting Chip is trying to throw me under the bus to Robbie? That doesn't make any sense. Robbie knows we're just friends."

"I know that and you know that, but does Chip understand that?"

Avril was quiet as she processed Ted's thoughts. "He cried," she said at last. "Robbie did. After he told me he had been unfaithful."

"And told you how much he loves you, too."

"H-How did you know?"

"Because I'm a guy," he said.

"Will you get drunk with me?" she asked.

"If I do that, how will you get home?"

"I've spent the night before," she pointed out. "And is it okay if Cindy and Sally come over, too?"

"Mi casa su casa," he said. He felt bad for Avril. She deserved better than a player like Robbie. If she needed a drunken night with friends to get her mind off of him, he would do his best. He pulled out a bottle of Captain Morgan's from beneath his counter, knowing it was her favorite. He ordered take-out Chinese for her to pick-up on the way.

Her friends showed up with tequila and margarita mix. Over dinner, Avril brought her girlfriends up to speed with the drama between Robbie and Chip. She included Ted's opinion that Chip was trying to break up the happy couple.

"Chip's mistake is thinking Robbie would get jealous over me," Ted pointed out. "Robbie knows we're just friends. He may not like our friendship, but I'm not a threat."

"Why not?" Sally asked, starting on her second margarita. "You're cute."

"We're just friends," Ted insisted, drinking deeply from his Captain Morgan and Coke. What difference did it make? He wasn't going anywhere, so he might as well get shitfaced. He raised his glass high and proposed a toast. "To Avril's last day of freedom."

A moment passed with all eyes on Avril to judge her reaction. She looked uncertain, but finally raised her glass, too. "To freedom!" The cry was echoed twice more and everyone drank.

"So, I want to know what it takes to get a show," Cindy asked.

"A lot more of this," he said, mixing another drink for himself. Out of cautious habit, he mixed it light.

"Let me help," Avril said, topping off his drink with a bit more Captain Morgans. He glared at her. "What?" She asked, flashing an innocent grin. "Maybe I want one more show tonight, too."

"Not going to happen," he mumbled, sipping the much stronger drink.

"We'll see," Avril said.

The quartet moved in front of Ted's TV and began streaming YouTube videos. They used their phones to add new videos to the queue, laughing and sometimes shrieking with feigned shock when a new video deserved it. As they drank more, the videos became racier and so did the discussions around the videos. "People Give Up Masturbation for a Month," had all three girls claiming they could never do it. "When Did You First Learn that a Woman Could Masturbate," had them sharing their personal discovery stories.

"Okay, someone pause the videos, I gotta pee," Sally announced, staggering half a step as she got up from the couch.

"Someone's getting drunk," Ted pointed out, laughing at her.

"Yeah, well you need to drink more," Avril told him, grabbing his glass and carrying it with her to the kitchen. She brought him back a drink that tasted more like straight Captain Morgan's than a rum and Coke. "Drink up."

"Yeah, because I want my show," Cindy said, standing up to take a turn in the bathroom.

After exchanging words in the hallway with Cindy, Sally went into the kitchen and returned with four shots of tequila. "We're doing shots!" she announced, passing them around. "And we're going to keep doing shots until Teddie gets nakie."

"I'm not getting nakie," Ted said. He tried another sip of his drink. Damn, that was strong.

"I can't do any shots," Cindy objected when she returned. "One of us has to stay sober enough to drive."

"Then Ted gets two!" Sally insisted, pushing the extra shot towards him.

"But I don't even want one," he said to Avril, petitioning her for help.

"Too bad," she said, holding up her shot. "Now man up and drink up." She made things worse by holding up her glass and proposing a toast, "To manscaping!"

"Bitch," Ted muttered loud enough for only her to hear and three out of four of them knocked back shots. Never a fan of tequila, Ted followed his shot with a tiny sip of rum and Coke. The strong drink did little to ease the burning in the back of his throat.

"One more," Avril said, holding up the remaining shot.

"I hate you," he told her, knowing she wouldn't take offense. He tossed back the second shot, took another sip of his rum and Coke, and vowed to top off his drink with more Coke when he returned from the bathroom. He used the bathroom in his bedroom, noticing how he was holding on to the wall as he stood in front of his toilet. Damn it, he was drunker than he meant to get. On his way back to the living room, he forgot his vow of topping off his drink with more Coke and found Cindy sitting in his spot.

"You should sit here," Sally announced, patting the empty space between her and Avril on the couch.

As Ted stepped past Sally, he gave Avril a skeptical look. She overplayed the innocent look she gave him. "I'm not getting naked in front of you and your friends," he told her.

"If you get hard enough, you will," she said, picking up his overly strong drink and handing it to him. She worked the controller and resumed the queue of videos. The first one was "Masturbation: Men vs. Women," where a woman who looked a lot like Cindy tells her boyfriend she's running late because she was masturbating. Ted sipped his drink and tried remaining calm, even after Avril put her hand on his knee. "Problem?"

"Not at all," he said right before taking a bigger gulp than he needed. He shoved his drink out of arm's reach. He was drink enough and from the way Avril was inching her hand farther up the inside of leg, he could guess she was, too. "Don't you have a boyfriend?"

She ignored his comment. "So I was telling Sally how good you are at kissing and now she's really curious."

"She already knows," he told Avril, annoyed that she would push him around so easily.

"Wow, really?" Cindy asked from his former spot on the easy chair, the only solo sitting spot in his living room. "You're going to pass up the chance to kiss Sally for free?"

"Yeah, fuck you!" Sally said, veering into the land of becoming a belligerent drunk instead of a giggly, overly happy one. "What's wrong with kissing me? I don't have bad breath or anything."

Avril leaned over and whispered in his ear, "Choose carefully, grasshopper."

Still able to think quickly, Ted tried putting a better spin on his objection as he faced the pretty blonde. "If we kiss, I want it to be a real kiss," he explained. "Not some show for your girlfriends."

"Aw, aren't you the sweetest thing ever!" she squealed, putting her hand on the side of his face and giving him an apologetic and compassionate look. Ted thought he had successfully dodged the request until she leaned forward and pressed her lips against his.

At first, Ted didn't kiss her back. He accepted her lips against his the same way he would accept a kiss on his cheek, but that wasn't good enough for Sally. She didn't stop until he started kissing her back. Still, that wasn't enough for her. She slid her hand behind his head, held his face against hers and insisted on more. Feeling as if he didn't have a choice, Ted complied until their tongues met in a fierce, overly intense battle for supremacy between them.

Sally backed away far enough to announce, "Holy fuck, that's good!" Then she mashed her lips back against his and demanded more. Too drunk to care, Ted kissed her back. Was there a way for him to kiss Sally that would make Avril jealous? He turned on his charm, dedicating himself to the moment with closed eyes and things were going fine until he felt Avril's hand resting on his thigh.

Ted moaned when Avril tried undoing the front of his pants. He tried pulling his arm from around Sally to stop Avril, except Sally wouldn't allow it. As soon as she felt his arm moving, she grabbed it at the elbow and forced him to keep his arm around her. His other arm was trapped between the back of the couch and her body, useless for stopping Avril.

"Is he hard?" he heard Cindy ask.

"Oh yeah," Avril giggled, pressing against Ted's back and nuzzling against his neck as he continued kissing her friend. "So hard that I think you need to show it to us."

Once more, Ted moaned his objection. As soon as he did, Sally moaned back into his mouth, as if he had moaned out of passion instead of panic.

"Relax," Avril whispered in his ear. Her breath felt warm against his neck. "We really want to see it and who knows what will happen if you show it to us?" Ted kept kissing Sally, unsure what to do. "You know you want this," Avril purred, tugging at the fastener at the top of his jeans. When he felt Sally's hand sliding down his flat stomach, he gave up and went with it.

Sally slipped her hand inside the waistband of his boxer shorts and caressed around his swollen hard-on before she broke their kiss so she could look where she was touching. "So smooth," she said with a drunk squeal back in her voice.

When Avril began tugging his pants down, Ted lifted his ass off the couch. Avril pulled off his boxers, too.

"Whatever would Robbie think?" Cindy asked.

"Fuck him," she said.

"Robbie or Ted?" Cindy asked with a lustful chuckle as Sally lifted Ted's t-shirt over his head. Faster than he would have liked, Ted found himself sitting naked and hard on his couch between two pretty blondes while Cindy the brunette stared eagerly between his legs. "Damn."

"I know," Avril said, swatting at his hard cock. "It's pretty, right?"

"Can I touch?" Sally asked, already reaching for him before Ted could give her an eager nod. Why not let her touch? He was hoping at least one of these girls would want to do much more than just touch him down there. Sally caressed around his hard-on, purposely avoiding the part that most wanted to feel her caress. She focused on the smooth, bare flesh around his swollen, aching member. "That feels really sexy."

"Doesn't it?" Avril said, caressing him, too. "I love it."

"Well, it looks sexy as hell," Cindy said from her chair. "Makes him look like a porn star."

"Feel," Sally insisted.

"I can't. I have a boyfriend, remember?"

"So does Avril and she's touching."

"It doesn't count if you don't touch his dick," Avril said, pushing for Ted to stand up. "Go ahead. Let her feel for herself."

Slowly, Ted stood on weak knees. Was it the alcohol or being naked in front of the three women that had made his knees so weak? He wasn't sure. Maybe a combination of both. Carefully, he stepped around Sally until he stood in front of Cindy. His cock throbbed. He didn't mean for his cock to throb, except he was excited and that's what excited cocks did.

"Ooo, are you that happy to see me?" Cindy asked, giggling. She very carefully ran a hand across his stomach, down his pelvis, and slowly worked closer until she touched parts of his anatomy that had previously been covered in pubic hair. "Damn, that does feel good, doesn't it?" She looked up at him and asked, "Do you like it?"

"Yeah."

"Did Avril just watch Sally doing this or did she help, too?" Cindy asked.

"She just watched," he said. "Can I get dressed now?"

"No, I think you have to stay that way," Avril said, grabbing his clothes and shoving them behind her.

"Aw, come on," he whined, beginning to feel uncomfortable. "You guys got your show."

"No way, Jose," Avril said with a playful smirk. "Now that you're naked, you have to stay that way."

"I like it," Cindy told him, patting him on the ass. "I think you should stay that way, too."

"He's so fucking sexy," Sally told Avril as if Ted wasn't there. "I love his muscles."

"You know I can hear you, right?" Ted asked, stepping past her to sit back down. Maybe if he sat and crossed his legs or something, he wouldn't feel quite so naked.

With the two girls sitting on either side of him, crossing his legs did nothing to hide their view. Giving up, Ted stretched his long legs out, crossed his feet at the ankles, and put his hands behind his head. Screw it. If he couldn't hide it, he might as well flaunt it.

"Would you mind mixing me another drink?" Avril asked, passing him a nearly empty glass.

"I think you should drink mine," he suggested.

"Yours is mostly rum. I'd like mine to be closer to half and half," she said.

"Then you should probably make it yourself," Ted said, not wanting to parade around in front of the three girls naked and hard.

"Please?" she cooed, making a pouty face. Once again, Ted gave up trying to argue. Accepting her glass, he stood and went into the kitchen, ignoring the feeling of three pairs of eyes watching him walking around naked.

"Too bad YouTube doesn't have any porn," Cindy said from the living room. "Might be fun to see what happens if he gets too excited."

"Mm, I think I can fix that," Avril suggested, picking the controller to his game system and opening up a browser window. "Hey," she called to him. "What kind of porn do you like to watch?"

"I don't watch porn," he lied, carrying her full glass back to her. Per her instructions, he had mixed it as half and half.

"Bullshit," Avril said, heading to a porn-tube site. Fortunately for him, she picked one he didn't have saved in his favorites. "What are we up for, ladies?"

"See if you can find a gang-bang video, I love watching those," Sally squealed without realizing what she had revealed about herself.

"Kinky," Avril said, clicking through the menus as if she had a very good understanding for how the free porn site worked. "Maybe groups is a better choice. Ted might enjoying seeing some naked women." She clicked on a random video of a group fuck-fest.

"Works for me," Sally said watching as Ted slipped by her again. She waited until he sat before announcing, "I think we should do some more shots. Would you get the tequila, too?"

"I don't need any shots," he said, uninterested in parading around a second time.

"Please?" she asked, imploring him the same way Avril had done. Ted sighed, got up, and felt the stares of the three women on his body as if they were physical. He came back with the bottle and realized she expected him to refill the shot glasses, too. He filled up three of them.

"To naked men and their hard-ons," Avril suggested as a toast. Ted tossed his back just the same, followed immediately by a small swallow of his rum and Coke. He had exceeded his limit. He was officially drunk.

"Ted, would you be a darling and freshen up my Coke?" Cindy asked through a big, lecherous grin as she held out her glass while staring directly at his hard cock.

"Yes ma'am," he told her. "Should I tea bag it, too?"

"Wait, what's that mean?" she asked, looking around the room for help.

"That's where a guy sticks his balls into your mouth," Sally explained.

"I can't put his balls in my mouth," Cindy said, looking shocked. "I have a boyfriend!"

"No, but he could tea bag your drink is what he meant." Sally said, displaying a surprising understanding for the slang term. 

"Look at this way, at least he wouldn't get any pubic hair in your drink," Avril added, laughing much too hard at the discussion.

"Your beverage," Ted said, returning with her full glass. "Sans tea bagging."

"You could tea bag my drink if you want," Sally said, holding out her mostly full margarita with its fully salted rim.

"Do it!" Cindy encouraged, as if she had been drinking. "I dare you!"

"I'll still drink it," Sally said, pushing her glass across the coffee table towards him.

"Yeah, and I bet she'll lick your balls clean, too," Avril suggested.

Ted shook his head at the trio of girls staring at him. "I'm too drunk to tell if she's kidding or not."

"Me too," Sally said.

"Oh, just do it," Cindy added and since she was the only sober one of the bunch, Ted accepted that as proof that he should do it.

He stepped around his coffee table, moving past Cindy who stared directly at his hard prick as if it was the most fascinating thing she had ever seen. He stopped when he reached the corner of the couch. "Tea bag away," he said, standing with his hands on his hips.

"Wait, I need to document this," Avril said, grabbing her cell phone.

"Only if you do it, too!" Sally said.

"Sure," Avril agreed, holding her up her phone and nodded for them to continue.

Ted stood rigid in more ways that one. He kept his body still while his hard, proud cock stood at attention, too. He watched as Sally raised her glass, pressing the cold glass against his thighs until his hanging balls dropped inside her margarita. "That's really cold," he said, fighting off a shiver.

"I think I got some salt on you," Sally said, giggling. She made a show of taking a sip from her glass following his tea bagging before setting down her drink and putting both hands on his hips. She pulled him in front of her and began licking, lapping, and sucking at his ball sac while his hard prick throbbed eagerly against her forehead. "Still feel cold?" she asked, pulling away and looking at him.

"Not in the least," he said as he cock throbbed with appreciation.

"Okay, your turn," she told Avril, pushing Ted towards her. That's when, even drunk, Avril did a very smart thing.

"Okay," she said, passing her phone to Sally and making sure any incriminated pictures stayed on only her phone. "Just make sure you hold it in landscape mode, okay?"

"Smart," he said, looking down her with a big smile.

"And sexy," she said, giggling. She held her glass up to his balls, moving it up and down until his hanging sac grew wet and cold from her drink before she took a quick sip. With a mixture of rum and Coke dripping off his manparts, Avril pressed her face against his crotch and eagerly bathed his balls with her tongue.

"Somehow, I don't think Robbie will approve," Cindy said.

"Probably not," Avril said. "So I guess it's okay of if I do this, too." She licked her way up his cock until she reached its swollen head and drew him completely inside his mouth. She bobbed her head up and down his long, hard cock several times while her girlfriends cheered. Finally, she pulled away, smiled up at him, and said, "See? I told you it would be fun getting naked."

"Except, you stopped," he complained.

"Stopped or just did my part to get you warmed up?" she asked with a sly smile. She took another sip of her drink and winked at him. "Now sit down and watch some porn with us."

"Why are you guys torturing me like this?" he asked, sitting down and struggling with how excited he felt.

"Aw, poor Ted," Cindy said, but then she chuckled, destroying any sense of compassion she was offering. "Naked and hard in front of three girls who appreciate the show. Whatever should you do about that?"

"Hey Sally?" Avril asked, looking past Ted at her friend on the other side of the couch. "Ever watch a guy jerk off?"

"Never in real life," she reported, staring more at his manhood than the TV. As the suggestion behind Avril's question sunk into her tequila soaked brain, she worked her eyes up to his. "Would you do that?"

"If we tease him enough, I bet he will," Avril said, answering for him.

"Tease him how?" she asked, lightly caressing the length of his hard cock. "Like this?"

"Wait, am I allowed to watch this?" Cindy asked.

"Why not? You're not doing anything," Sally suggested.

"I guess it's not any different than watching porn," Cindy conjectured, crossing her legs and turning in her overstuffed chair for a better view of the show.

Confused, Ted tried to sort out what he was supposed to do. Was he supposed to jerk-off? If so, then why was Sally stroking him? And why was Avril looking at him like that?

That last answer became clear when Avril put her hand behind Ted's head and pulled him towards her. "After tomorrow, I probably shouldn't do this anymore. But until then. . . " As soon as their lips met, her lips parted, and they kissed as deeply and passionately as they might have done without an audience. Ted squirmed beneath Sally's hand, recognizing that it was a different woman touching him and not caring. Nothing mattered to him more than kissing Avril and feeling his excitement growing with every heartbeat.

"Now you do it," Avril said, pulling away and putting Ted's hand on his cock. "Show us."

"I can't do this," he said, even as his hand began moving up and down his shaft.

"We want to see you do it," Avril purred, running her fingers through his short hair. "And you're so very hard."

"You made me that way."

"Then show me. Show all of us."

"This is so crazy," he said as he drunken head spun, unable to grasp if what he was doing was right or wrong.

"No, it's sexy as hell," Cindy corrected from where she sat.

"Do it," Avril coached, grabbing his smoothly shaved balls.

"Fuck, this is hot," Sally purred, wiggling next to him. He stole a glance at the pretty blonde and caught her holding a hand between her thighs.

"Kiss me," he told her and she did. Her kisses weren't as sweet as Avril's, but they were eager. He lashed tongues with her, enjoying her tiny moans, and how she squirmed with the same need he felt. "You're going to make me cum," he warned.

"Do it," Sally and Avril said at the same time. Both women hung on his shoulders, watching as he tugged, pulled, and worked his hard, swollen cock to its aching, needful release. As had happened the first time he had given a show to Avril, he came with enough force that he shot semen as high as his nipples.

"Holy fuck!" Cindy cheered as Sally flinched away as if she might be in the line of fire.

"Do it," Avril coaxed, grabbing at his bare balls, milking him, encouraging him to release all of his pent-up frustrations. Spurt after creamy white spurt of his ejaculate sprayed against him from his chest to his navel and beyond until he was spent. He shivered, feeling both satisfied and ashamed of himself.

"That was so hot!" Sally moaned, sounding as if she may have had an orgasm, too. She kissed his cheek and returned her head to his shoulder, watching as Avril traced a finger through his cumshot across his chest and stomach. "Do it again."

"Um, no," Cindy said, looking bewildered. "I think it's time we go."

"But things are just getting interesting" Sally pouted.

"No, things are going to get out of hand if we don't leave," Cindy insisted, standing and picking up her purse.

"If you stay, I bet we can make him do it again," Avril said, popping her cumcoated finger into her mouth as if it was frosting.

"No, really, it's getting late," Cindy insisted, still eyeing Ted's cock. "And seeing him like that makes me want to do things I know I can't."

When Sally asked if she could stay, there was a look exchanged between Avril and Cindy that Ted thought was significant. If he wasn't so drunk and in a bit of daze from his orgasm, he was sure would have figured out the meaning behind that knowing glance. Instead, he missed it when Avril stood up, too. "Cindy's right. It's almost midnight."

Sally, looking confused, stood as well. She bent for her purse and nearly fell over. "Whoa," she said, giggling and accepting Cindy's held. "What about Avril? How are you getting home?"

"I'm spending the night," Avril said, steering them towards the door. "In the guest room."

"Uh-huh," Cindy said with a knowing smile.

"I swear," Avril insisted, lingering at the open door until she was sure her friends were gone. She turned around, leaned on the closed door and smiled at Ted. "You have just become the sexiest man I have ever met."

"Thanks," he said, standing and glancing at his clothes. He really should clean himself off before getting dressed again.

"Don't you dare," Avril said. "You're not allowed to get dressed."

He stared at her, still confused and wishing he wasn't so drunk. "Are they coming back?"

"No," she said, finally letting go of the doorknob. "It's just us. I'll help you clean up if you want."

"Okay," he said, still feeling stuck on stupid when she began picking up shot glasses and carrying them to the kitchen. Slowly, he realized the kind of cleaning up she meant. "Is it okay if I take a quick shower?"

"As long as you stay naked."

"Why wouldn't I?" he asked, meaning it as a joke. "I wouldn't want to get my clothes wet."

"Mm, I don't think you need to worry about that as long as I'm here," she said, giving him a quick peck on the cheek before grabbing the rest of the glasses.

Ted felt guilty about Avril cleaning for him. His shower lasted as long as was needed to rinse the cum off his body. The water splashing in face sobered him up a bit, too. Still naked, he found Avril in the kitchen rinsing glasses and loading his dishwasher. She dried her hands, stepped into his arms, and kissed him deeply.

"What was that for?" he asked, wondering if he needed a second shower to sober him up still farther.

"Because you're the best friend a girl could wish for and I love you."

"I love you, too," he said, refusing to get hung up on her choice of words. Avril was drunk, too, wasn't she? She pulled him back to the couch where her drink still sat on a coaster on his coffee table. He noticed her drink was mostly full. "Did you have as much to drink as I did?"

"Probably not," she said, taking a small sip from her glass. "It takes more than a couple shots of tequila to get me wasted." Without asking, she cuddled close to him, took another kiss, and groped between his legs. "Think you can get off again tonight?"

"Probably," he said, already feeling the necessary changes happening between his legs. He liked how her tiny hand felt on his cock.

"Good, because I don't want to get off alone," she said, kissing him again and they kept kissing until he was completely hard. "How drunk are you?"

"Why?"

"Because you're funny when you're drunk." She handed her drink to him, nodding for him to take a sip. "More," she insisted. He took a deeper swallow of the 50/50 mix he had made for her. She caressed his hard-on. "Is it okay if I keep doing this?" He nodded that it was. "Good, now take another drink."

"If I drink anymore, I'm going to pass out," he cautioned before following her instructions. He tried handing the glass back to her. She accepted it, but rather than drink from it, she placed it back on the table. "I know I get really stupid when I get drunk," he said. It felt as if his tongue was too thick for his mouth, too thick or too lazy to enunciate every word.

"I know, and you usually don't remember much the next morning."

"Some things," he insisted though it was easier to just accept whatever she said as true.

"But not everything," she said with a smile. She kissed him again and he liked that. He liked how she kissed.

"It feels funny being naked and hard around you."

"Why?"

"Because I know you still have a boyfriend and it's not me."

"Do you want to be my boyfriend?"

When Ted nodded, it felt like the entire room nodded with him. He held his head very still. Too much movement wasn't a good idea right now. "You're so pretty."

"And you're really drunk," she said, laughing at him.

"You made me that way. And you made me nakie, too. That's a funny word, isn't it? Nakie. I like being nakie in front of you."

"Do you remember the first time you were ever nakie in front of me?"

"Uh-huh," he said. "Last week when we did things we shouldn't do."

"That wasn't the first time," she said, still rubbing his hard prick. She leaned over and kissed again. "You don't remember your work party two years ago? The one where I had to drive you home because you got too drunk."

"That's when you said everyone I work with wears glasses."

"Yeah, you were really drunk that night. What else do you remember?"

"I wanted pancakes," he said, sure that was the truth.

"I had to almost carry you to your bedroom."

"You're really strong."

"After I put you in bed, I helped you undress, do you remember?"

"No," he said, sure that he would remember her tucking him in.

"When I pulled off your pants, I accidentally pulled off your underwear, too."

"Meanie," he slurred.

"I swear, it was an accident," Avril insisted. Ted didn't argue with her. Arguing took focusing too much. "But I saw you naked and I really liked it."

"I like being nakie for you," he said.

She smiled. "You thought it was funny that I could see you nakie and wanted to make it hard for me."

"No," he said, unable to imagine a world where he would get naked and hard in front of Avril.

"And you did make it hard," she said, giving a kiss. "Really hard." She gave him another kiss before asking, "And do you remember what happened next?"

He shook his head.

"I went down on you."

"You did?" he asked, surprised and thrilled at the idea of Avril giving him a blowjob.

"Yep, I sucked you all the way off and you never remembered it."

"That's not right," he said, finding his hard prick between his legs and pulling on it. "I sometimes imagine you doing that when I jerk off."

"I'm going to do it," she said. "But you can't ever tell anyone."

"Not Robbie!"

"Uh-huh, not Robbie or Sally or Cindy or anyone."

"I think Sally likes me."

"I think Sally is a skanky whore who fucks too many different men when she gets drunk."

"Yeah!" Ted agreed without any basis in fact, but if Avril said it was true, it was. "You're not, though. You don't ever fuck around on your boyfriends."

"Sometimes I do," she said. "Like tonight." She kissed his lips before he could think of anything to say. Next, she was kissing down his chest and stomach and Ted thought it was really good that he was naked because he didn't want her stop. Avril didn't.

She slipped to the floor in front of him, between his spread knees and spent a moment admiring his erect penis and the smooth flesh surrounding it. She cradled his prick inside her hands as if it was as precious to her as it was to him. "When we were playing this weekend, all I could think about was the time I gave you a blowjob and you were too drunk to remember it. I almost told you, except I couldn't." She replaced her hands with her mouth, drawing him deeply between her lips and slowly drawing back up. "This is something I love to do." She repeated the motion. "I love feeling a long, hard cock inside my mouth." Even slower, she repeated the motion once more. "It's my favorite kind of porn to watch when I'm masturbating and it's my favorite thing to do." Engulfing his prick, she bobbed her head up and down several times in quick succession before stopping again at to admire the essence of his manhood.

"That feels so good," Ted groaned, convinced he was sleeping and dreaming because only being in the middle of an intense dream could explain away how he felt.

"Watch this," she said before wrapped her mouth around him again. She held him inside her mouth, placing her tongue against the underside of his shaft and just held him inside her warm, wet mouth for a long time before she pulled away. "I felt every throb your prick made. It's as if I can feel your heart beating."

"You make me so hard," he said, unable to find more graceful words to honor her actions.

"And since you're shaved, I can do this," she said, nuzzling against his balls again. She softly drew each ball into her mouth and caressed it with her tongue before releasing it. "I can only do when the man shaves because all that hair feels gross to me."

"I'm shaved."

"I know," she said, grinning up at him before exploring and teasing him. Sometimes, when they kissed, Ted felt lost in the moment. He couldn't tell if their lips had been pressed together for a second or hours until after it ended. That's how her blowjob felt, too. Did she spend hours on her knees or mere moments? He couldn't be sure. At times, he knew she was teasing him, purposely making him aroused so close to an orgasm that he leaked pre-cum. Then she would focus somewhere else until he calmed down enough for her to play again. Again and again, she teased him to the brink of an orgasm before pulling away.

"It hurts," he said, struggling to explain how excited he felt. His wet, glistening cock strained for the release she was denying him.

"I can't believe I sucked you in front of Cindy and Sally," she said, standing and pulling off her pants.

Dumbfounded, he stared at her wiggling free of her pants and panties. He saw her pussy, noticing how she shaved like him. He tried reaching out for her, but she pushed away his hands. "Please?"

"No," she said, putting her fingers between the bare folds of her pussy. "You can't touch, but I want to cum, too. I want to look at you and have an orgasm, is that okay?"

"Okay," he said, wishing she would suck him some more. He was so hard and needy. Was he going to leave him like this? He felt his cock pulsating and saw another drop of pre-cum oozing from the slit and felt it running down his length like a droplet of warm water. Avril was back on her knees in front of him. Her eyes were focused on his hard cock as she rubbed her pussy. He could hear the wet smacking sounds of her fingers working her clit. He wished he could see her doing it. He wished he could help. He wished he could do it for her.

"Don't cum," she told him, reaching out with her left hand, holding his prick and rubbing a circle around the sensitive spot marked by his circumcision scar. She used his precum as lubricant, exciting him enough to produce more.

"So close," he groaned, unable to imagine being more in need.

Avril gasped, held her breath, and began moaning.

"Are you cumming?" he asked.

She nodded her head and kept gasping and moaning as her orgasm surged through her body, clutching at her depths and quaking deep inside her. As her body still celebrated its release of fleshly pleasures, she leaned forward, took his cock back inside her mouth and sucked. She raised and lowered her head in determined strokes while her tongue lashed at the underside of his cock, pleasing and teasing him to finally offer his release, too. In an otherworldly way, it felt as if she was kissing him, only she was kissing cock, and it was too much for him to resist. He came, exploding deep inside her mouth with a long series of aching spurts that might have reached farther than his chest if she hadn't been there to catch it inside her mouth.

"Yes!" he cried out, lifting his back off the couch and rocking with the thrill of his orgasm. He rocked back and forth as his stomach contracted, determined to release the greatest orgasm he had ever experienced inside the mouth of his orgasming best friend.

At last, she pulled away, leaving behind his wet, but very clean cock. Not a trace of his orgasm remained. Smiling, she straddled his lap and he felt the heat of her pussy near his cock. The drunken fool inside of him hoped they were going to fuck now, too. Instead, she pressed her mouth against his and rewarded him with one more kiss. 

Ted wanted to say something romantic to her. He wanted to say something more than "I love you," because those words didn't include a mention of their friendship. "Gosh, I really like you," he gushed.

"And I really, really like you, you drunk turd," she said, brushing her lips against his more in the way friends might kiss on the lips. She hopped off his lap and held out her hands to him, helping up from the couch. "Now go to bed and remember to stay naked for me in the morning."

"I promise," he said, holding his dick and wondering why he felt so good. Covering his nudity, he danced on tippy-toes to his bedroom, shut the door, and crawled into bed. Bed felt good. He slept, never guessing that in the room next door to his, his best friend was giving herself two more orgasms before she felt relaxed enough to sleep, too.

* * * * * *

An errant ray of sunshine across his face reminded Ted that the vampires had it right all along, sunlight does kill. He recoiled from the brightness and groaned. His tongue felt pasty while he wondered who had brought a cat into his bedroom for the purpose of shitting in his mouth. He stumbled out of bed, vaguely aware of his nakedness as he stood in front of his toilet. Using the wall in front of him for support brought back pieces of the night before. He remembered the bathroom break he had taken before getting naked.

He brushed his teeth before taking a shower, trying hard to chase away the lingering stink of Chinese food followed by rum, Coke, and tequila. He tried putting together the events of the previous night. He was clear-headed up until he went to the bathroom and from there, things became foggy. He remembered watching porn with the three girls. No, that wasn't right. They had watched YouTube videos together, really racy ones. Hidden deep inside that fog was the memory of getting naked in front of them. Crap.

He showered and was still shaving when Avril appeared at the door to his master bedroom with a cup of coffee. "How you feeling, tiger?"

"Hungover," he grunted. He wiped away the shaving cream from his upper lip so he could take a swallow of the life bringing black liquid inside the coffee cup. A dozen strokes later, he was done shaving. Avril leaned against the doorway watching the entire time.

"I like seeing a guy shaving."

"I know," he said, running a hand across his naked bits. While it felt awkward being naked in front of her, he didn't care. What did he have that she hadn't seen? He caught her looking down his front. "Did I get naked in front of your friends?"

"Maybe a little naked," she confirmed, moving out of the doorway.

"How naked is a little naked?" he asked, following her into the living room and kitchen.

"Naked enough for us to play ring toss with bracelets around your dick."

"Oh God, please say you're joking," he said, desperately racking his brain for any memory he might have of her girlfriends tossing bracelets at his hard prick. He came up blank, but knew that didn't mean anything.

"Relax," she said, refilling her coffee cup and his. "It was fun."

"Did we watch porn?"

"We watched YouTube videos," she said, which matched his memory.

"What about porn?"

"There might have been porn playing while Sally sucked you off."

Ted nearly did a spit take. "No way did you let Sally suck me off."

"Why?"

"Because I know how you feel about her. How did you say it a couple weeks ago? 'She's a skanky whore who fucks anything with a dick after three drinks.' I think that's how you put it."

"Yeah, that's her alright. But she did enjoy seeing you naked."

"And hard?"

"Really hard."

"And Cindy, too?" he asked, though he couldn't imagine being naked for two out of three of them.

"Yeah, Cindy was the one who sucked you off, too."

"Stop it," he groaned. "She has a boyfriend, so I know she wouldn't do that."

"Oh, so you're saying I did it?" Avril asked with her eyebrows raised.

"In my dreams you did," Ted replied, feeling a strange sensation of deja vu as he said those words. Had that happened? Had he dreamt about Avril sucking him off last night? He looked away, thinking about her in a sexual way felt more embarrassing than being naked in front of her.

Smiling, she ran her eyes over him and paused when she reached his middle. "Seems as if you like that idea," she purred.

Ted glanced down, saw his prick getting thicker and longer, and stepped behind his breakfast counter. "This being naked around you thing feels weird."

"It's more fun when you're hard," she said, looking disappointed that he had moved behind the counter.

He sipped his coffee, tried seeing through the fog of last night, and still came up blank. "Can you tell me anything that happened?"

"Well, I might have a picture or two," she said, picking up her phone. "But it's going to cost you to see them."

"What now?" he sighed.

"That you'll do it again next time we have them over."

"Do what again?"

"Well, tea bagging our drinks was fun."

"I did NOT do that," he groaned, sure he would remember something so outrageous. Avril passed over her phone and he groaned again. "Why did you let me do that?"

"I might have liked it," she said, swiping to the next video that showed his bare ball sac in her drink, too. She stopped it before it showed her sucking him.

"We were supposed to get you drunk."

"I know," she grinned, turning off her phone. "And trust me, I had lots of fun showing you off."

Her smile faded when he asked the awkward question, "What about Robbie?"

She sipped her coffee before revealing, "Robbie is why you didn't get laid last night."

"Probably just as well, I wouldn't have remembered it."

Avril smiled and kissed him on the lips. "Last night you promised me breakfast in the morning."

"I have no independent memory of saying that," he said, heading to his bedroom to get dressed. Maybe he had, maybe he hadn't, but it didn't matter.

They took a sick day and spent the rest of the morning and most of the afternoon together visiting the park and going window shopping downtown. Avril teased him about things that had happened the night before and Ted kept coming up blank wondering if she was telling the truth. At one point he threatened to call Sally. Instead, Avril showed him a text Sally had sent earlier that read, "When can I see Ted naked again?"

"I think it's a good thing we're not boyfriend and girlfriend," Ted said. "Girlfriends tend to get jealous when their boyfriends are naked with other women."

"Not me," Avril said, giggling. "I think I'm going to start requiring all my boyfriends to be naked all the time. I like it too much. And they'll have to get naked in front of my girlfriends. Oh, and shave everywhere, too."

"Woohoo! I'm two for two!" Ted cheered.

On the way back to his place, she spent her time texting someone. She looked serious, so Ted didn't bother her until he had parked his car. "Everything okay?" he asked.

"Look, I gotta go. It's Robbie. He came home a day early."

"That's good news, isn't it?" Ted asked, wondering why she looked dismayed.

"Yeah, it's just. . ." she started, trailing off and looking away.

"Hey, he's your boyfriend. Go give him a chance to kiss and makeup with you. Maybe he'll cry in real life, too."

"I don't want things to change between us."

"Why would they?" Ted asked, confused by her comment. "We're still best friends, aren't we?"

"Promise me that won't change."

It was an easy promise for him to make. Then, he added, "It's okay if you stay with him."

"Last night you told me he was playing me."

"I know and I still think you should be worried about that. But he came home early and that has to mean something, doesn't it?"

"I guess."

"And he's still Robbie, right?" When he saw she wasn't buying it, he listed off reasons she liked him. "He's handsome, and motivated, and going places in life. That stuff is still true, right?"

"Probably."

"Go see him. Give him a chance to cry for you in real life."

"He's not going to cry in real life."

"Ten bucks says he does," Ted insisted.

"It's not going to happen," she said, pausing for a moment longer and staring at Ted. "You really are my best friend, you know that, right?"

"Get out of here," he shrugged, grinning at her. "Go get laid. You deserve it."

Ted walked around the car opened her door. "Are we okay?" she asked, still looking pensive.

"We're golden," he said, flashing a big smile. They walked to her car and he waited until she put her car in gear before he went back into his house. It was a habit his mom had taught him: always make sure the girl's car starts before you leave her. He didn't think twice about doing it. As she drove away, he silently wished her luck.

Back inside his small home, he emptied his dishwasher and cleaned up a bit from last night before diving back into his video game. Following the storyline felt harder as his mind whirled. He had no doubt Avril and Robbie would patch things up, much to Chip's dismay. It would serve Chip right for trying to get in the middle of things. He thought about Sally and wondered if she was really as big of a whore as Avril had always said. Would it be weird if he started dating one of Avril's friends?

He lost track of time, barely noticing night had fallen until he was awash in the bluish glow of his TV. He turned on a lamp, snacked on leftovers, and went back to his game. He wondered how things would change with Avril after she patched things up with Robbie. It was unlikely they would kiss anymore, but what about getting naked in front of her and her friends? The stray thought generated a stirring inside his pants that he tried ignoring.

He tried piecing together last night. How long had they kept him naked? All night? He remembered waking up naked in an empty bed. Setting down his controller, he stroked his long, hard prick and imagined they were watching him. Had they cheered him on? Had they kissed him? He couldn't remember. And what about the short video of Sally and then Avril licking his balls? How crazy was that?

Ted pulled off his clothes and carried them to his bedroom. He switched his TV from video games to his internet browser. The browser opened to a porn site he didn't recognize and he wondered why. Had they done more than watch YouTube videos last night? He smiled, wishing he could remember more as he began working through the categories of this new site.

He got as far as starting a video when his phone chirped with a text message. He glanced at the time, seeing that it was just after eleven. That was odd. He usually didn't get text messages or phone calls this late. He swiped at his phone and saw a two word message from Avril, "You up?"

"Yes," he replied, grinning because of the double entendre his answer inferred.

"Can I come over?"

"Sure," he wrote back. "Everything okay?"

"See you soon."

Ted regretted asking if everything was okay. Of course it wasn't. If everything was okay, Avril wouldn't be texting him this late. If things were right, she should be enjoying make-up sex with her boyfriend and not texting a friend. He pulled on a pair of baggy running shorts and a t-shirt, started a pot of coffee and pulled out the big bottle of Captain Morgan's so she could go either way. He got as far as sitting down in front of his TV again when there came a soft knock on his front door. As soon as he swung open the door open, she wrapped her arms around him. "Are you ok?" he asked, holding her close to his chest.

"I'm better now," she said, letting go of him and stepping farther inside his place. She spied the bottom of Captain Morgan's on the table, spun off the cap with a single flick of her thumb, and knocked back a swig straight from the bottle.

"I have glasses," he said. He pulled out the rest of the Coke from last night and tossed a couple ice cubes into a glass for her. "Everything okay?"

"We need to talk," she said, filling the glass halfway with rum. She took a small sip, shivered from the burn, and put the glass down on his table. Taking him by the hand, she led him to his couch.

Ted scanned her face for clues. As near as he could tell, she hadn't been crying, so that was good, wasn't it? "How's Robbie?"

"I owe you ten bucks," she said with a tiny smirk. "He didn't do it right away, but he did cry."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

Avril nodded, but she looked conflicted, too. She started to say something, shook away her first choice of words and made a second attempt. "Why did you let me leave this afternoon?"

"Because you needed to see your boyfriend," he answered, confused by the question.

"But did you want me to leave?"

"Not really," he said. "I mean, I know you needed to, but I like hanging out with you." For the first time, Ted realized Avril had changed clothes before she went to see Robbie. She had been wearing jeans and a t-shirt when she left that afternoon. Now, she wore a pretty sundress and a bit of make-up. She had pulled back her hair, too, and looked, well, wholesome. He could imagine how radiant she must have looked for Robbie. "Want to tell me what happened?"

She starting with the text messages she had received that afternoon. "He caught an earlier flight back home and showed up at the office looking for me, except I wasn't there. Then he drove by my place, and I wasn't there, either."

"Oops," Ted said.

"I told him I had gone out drinking with the girls and crashed at your place."

"How did that go over?"

"Doesn't really matter," Avril shrugged. "He wanted to meet at my house, but I made made him wait. I told him we needed to talk, so we went out to dinner."

"How did that go?"

Avril rolled her eyes and sighed. "We talked, a lot. He was very apologetic about things and honest, too. I don't think I should have told him that Chip had showed me that picture, because then he wanted to know how long I knew he was cheating."

"As if that mattered."

"I know, right? I mean, he was the one cheating, not me. So what difference did it make when and how I found out?"

"I still think it's good you told him," Ted said.

"Maybe, I don't know," Avril said, wringing her hands together in her lap. She fell quiet for a moment before going on, as if she was summoning up the courage to tell the next part. "He told me he loves me."

"He said that on the phone, too," Ted pointed out.

"I know."

"Do you love him?"

"I used to think I might. I mean, we said 'I love you' to each other, but just because you say it, does that mean anything? They're just words, right?"

"Not to me."

"I know," she said, staring at her hands for a moment. "I didn't tell him about the stuff we did together, was that wrong?"

"I don't know," Ted said with a shrug. "Did we do anything really wrong? Things happened with Cindy and Sally, too, so how wrong was it?"

"You really don't remember, do you?" Avril asked with a tiny smirk.

"I think you made sure I wouldn't remember last night," he said, calling her out.

Looking very guilty, she nodded before confessing, "But you know something? I'm glad it happened."

"You're glad what happened?" Ted asked, annoyed with his spotty memory after the shots of tequila.

"You have no idea how hot you are to me."

"Stop it," he said, rolling his eyes. That felt to nice to hear, but he didn't believe it, especially coming from Avril. She had a reputation for dating gorgeous men who could work as models and she deserved that caliber of man, too. "I've got a big nose." It wasn't the first time she had called him hot, but he still didn't believe her.

"You have a great nose," she said, poking it. "It fits your face and makes you interesting looking."

"Interesting isn't handsome."

"It's better than Robbie's boring, pretty boy face."

"Finish telling me about him," Ted said, afraid they were getting too far off topic.

"You know what I liked about Robbie?" she asked. "Sometimes, he could make me laugh like you do."

"That's good."

"Except it was only sometimes."

"Okay, so now I'm funny and funny looking," he joked.

Avril ignored his self-depreciating humor. "You know what else I liked about him? Sometimes, he would open a door for me or pull out a chair at a restaurant."

"That's good, too," Ted said.

"Except you do that all the time. Remember this afternoon before I left? What did you do?" she asked. He shrugged, unsure what she meant. "You stood in the driveway until I drove away."

"So?" he asked.

"But you always do that. Always."

"Uh-huh," he allowed, sure that he had probably missed doing it a few times. No one was perfect.

"And the way you kiss! Damn, Ted, no one has ever kissed me the way you do."

"I can say the same about you," he said, refusing full credit. "But what does that have to do with Robbie?"

"Because you're the reason I broke up with him."

"Me?" he asked, more confused than ever. "But why?"

"Because I love you," she blurted out.

"And I love you," he said automatically. It was an easy, automatic response.

"No, I mean, I really love you."

"And I really love you," he replied, not catching the difference.

"Damn it," she said, looking exasperated. Avril leaned over and kissed him. It was a deep, intense kiss he wasn't expecting. He kissed her back, happy to feel her lips against his again. With Robbie back in town, he didn't think they would do this anymore. Except, if she had broken up with Robbie, maybe it was okay again?

Avril slipped her hand between his legs and began fondling him. Ted pulled away, breaking their kiss, and stared at her. "Are you sure we should do this?" he asked.

"Yes," she said, slipping her hand inside the waistband of his running shorts until she touched his smooth, shaved manhood. She leaned forward for another kiss.

For a long moment, Ted felt himself lost in the joy of her lips against his and the thrill of her caress before he pulled away again. "But you're single."

"I know," she said, standing and fishing along the side of her sundress. She found the zipper hidden beneath her arm. When she pulled down the zipper, her dress fell to her ankles and revealed her perfect breasts. Ted gaped at her nudity, stunned by how perfect she looked.

Ted struggled trying to look at her face instead of staring at her bare breasts. As shallow as it felt for him to admit, he couldn't remember a time when he hadn't admired her chest. He had studied Avril's tits, noticing when her nipples were hard, their size and shape. He had admired her shape when covered by sweaters, vests, or gently swaying inside a tight t-shirt. But none of his conjecturing could prepare him for seeing her topless, wearing only panties.

He gave up trying to be coy about looking at her chest. "They're beautiful," he said with a sense of reverence.

Avril giggled, straddled his legs, and pulled his hands to her chest. "It's okay if you touch." Ted immediately captured her nipples between fingers and thumbs, gently rocking and rolling her twin, stiff points of pleasure. She gasped and smiled. "I should have known you would be good at touching them."

She leaned in for another kiss and Ted continued exploring her breasts, noticing which kinds of touches made her moan or kiss him deeper. In the tiny space between them, she groped between his legs, rubbing his aching hard-on.

Avril broke their kiss, stood, and smiled at him. "Take off your shirt," she said, while hooking her thumbs inside the waistband of her panties. He took off his shirt as quickly as he could, unwilling to miss a moment of her shimmying out of her panties. With a sly smile, she revealed herself from head-to-toe, as naked and well-shaved as him. Bending over, she tried pulling off his shorts, but he stopped her.

"I don't think we should both be naked," he said. His skin tight running shorts were their only protection against going too far. 

"But I want you," she said, trying again to pull at his shorts.

"And I want you," he admitted, unable to stop himself from running his hand across her body. His caress resulted in another kiss as she remained standing and bent over him. Again, his hands found her tits and she didn't need to touch between his legs to know how much he wanted her. His lust showed in his kiss and how his hands caressed her bare body. If she allowed, he would please her every way possible except he knew they couldn't make love.

"I want you," she repeated, once more straddling his legs. That made the rest of her body too accessible for him to resist. He dared touching between her legs, cupping her sex and feeling her heat. Her pussy felt wet and as needy as his straining prick. More words were lost to more kisses as he caressed her. He felt honored to feel her excitement and share in it with her, but that wasn't enough to change his mind. "I want this," she gasped, squirming against him.

"We can't," he said, finding it so difficult to remain strong against the siren call of her nudity and eager willingness.

She gave him a mournful, disappointed look. "But, why?"

"I've never wanted someone as much as you. That's been true since the day we met," he said as her eyes searched his for understanding. "I can live with never having you, but I can't with losing you. If we do this, I won't ever be able to let go of you."

"Promise?"

"I'm serious," he insisted.

"Fine, then I'll be the naked one for a while," she said, climbing off his lap. She crossed to the table, filled the rest of her glass with Coke, and carried it back to the couch as if nothing was amiss. She curled her legs beneath her and sipped her drink while watching him staring at her nudity. "You know, sometimes I would wear a really tight t-shirt around you because I thought it was funny how you tried so hard not to stare at my tits."

"Brat," he said with half a grin. That fit Avril. She would do something like that.

"I bet you've studied my ass, too, haven't you?"

Ted felt his face heating with a blush as he nodded and said, "You have an epic ass."

"It's a flat, narrow ass," she said with a sigh. "But thank you for noticing. You have no idea how hard it is for me to find jeans that fit."

"Yes I do," he said. "I've gone shopping with you, remember?"

Avril laughed, "True, and you always gave me an honest answer, too. Most guys would never risk doing that with a woman."

"Except we're friends and I don't want to lose that. I can't. You mean too much to me."

"You have a great ass, too," she said. "Especially after you took up running. I mean, it was good before, but now? Do you have any idea how much I like seeing you wearing running shorts?"

"No," he said.

"And yet, we've never dated. Why is that?"

"Well, for one, you've always had a boyfriend."

"I don't now." She sipped her drink before setting it aside. "I love you," she said with a sparkle in her eyes.

"I love you, too," he replied, returning a simple statement of fact. For some reason, that wasn't good enough for her. She shook her head and faced him.

"I'm not saying I love liking you. I'm saying I love loving you. I'm sorry it took Robbie and the rest of those guys for me to understand it, but I love loving you and I don't want to stop, not ever. Not even when we're a hundred years old and my tits are sagging down to my waist."

Avril stood and tugged at his shorts. This time, he let it happen, their eyes locked together as she straddled him. She leaned forward, kissing him while grabbing his eager, throbbing hard-on. She rose but before she could lower herself around his swollen, aching member, Ted grabbed her hips and held her in place. But before it happened, he had one last question he needed answered, "Can we still be friends if we do this?"

"We better be," Avril said, guiding him inside of her until their bodies were as joined as their hearts had always been.

They clung to each other, holding their chests together and kissing while she rocked with him inside of her, filling her completely. And Ted felt filled as well. He felt as if he had spent lifetimes waiting for the moment when she would give herself to him. He pressed upwards, needing to be completely inside of her, as deep as he could go, and delighting in the feel of her hot, wet pussy around him, gently gripping and grabbing at his hard cock.

He moved his hands to her perfect ass, cupping her cheeks and helping her move up and down. He sensed every part of her body at once. He could feel her stiff nipples pressing against his chest. Her tongue danced with his as they kissed with twice the excited passion as their first tentative kiss. He felt her need and desire for him and it matched the same he felt her.

Again and again, Avril rose and fell on top of him, grinding against his cock as she moaned deeply in his mouth. She had a way of squirming as she moved that felt incredible. He felt her pussy quivering, clenching around him and pulling ever so slightly as she rose only to impale herself on him again. Ted had fucked other women. He had felt them opening to him, accepting and drawing him deeper inside of them with a need that matched his fire, but with Avril, it felt as if she didn't want to let him go, either. He wrapped his arms around her and pressed forward to increase the feeling of her body against his.

Avril broke their kiss, threw back her head, and released a loud groan as her body began shaking. Gasp for a full breath, she covered his mouth again precisely as Ted felt his explosion beginning between his legs. He pressed upwards, deeper than ever, and came with a shudder and throbbing he had never before known. With every spurting release of his orgasm, he felt her pussy clenching around him, clutching at him as she came, too. They came together in each other's arms until they were reduced to a panting, laughing duo.

"Damn, you're good," she purred, showering his face with kisses.

"Me? It's never felt that good. What the hell do you have going on down there?"

"Magic," she said, giggling, kissing him again. They held each other for a long time before either wanted to move. "We may have ruined your couch"

"Or broke it in," he said as she climbed off his lap and held out her hand for him.

After leading him into the bedroom, she began showering him kisses, starting at his lips and slowly moving down his chest. When she reached his stomach, she stopped and said, "I have a confession to make. This won't be the first time I've gone down on you."

Ted laughed. "Trust me, in my fantasies, you've done it lots of times."

"And I've done it in real life, too," she said, looking worried. "Twice. Once after your work party and again last night."

Ted stared at her for a long moment trying to decide how he felt about her bombshell. "Did we do anything else?"

She shook her head.

"Did you want to?"

Avril nodded and he pulled her back up his body. "Thank you," he said before kissing her.

"You're not mad?"

"Um, you blew me twice and I'm supposed to get mad? Just how well do you know me?"

"I promise this time will be memorable," she said, sliding down his body and doing precisely that.

They kept making love together until the sun peeked through his windows to find two lovers tangled in each other's arms. Laughing and smiling, they made pancakes together in the nude. After breakfast, Avril carried empty plates to the sink and shooed him away when he tried to help.

Ted leaned against the opposite counter and watched her move, studying her every curve until he couldn't stand it anymore. He pressed against her bare backside, caressed her front, and nuzzled her neck as he remembered her prediction about what would happen if they ever went all the way. "Feel guilty yet about fucking your best friend?"

"Not yet," she said, squirming against him. "We might have to do it a couple more times."

"My thoughts exactly," he said as he nestled his growing hard-on between her asscheeks.

* * * * * *

The atmosphere inside Applebee's felt more festive than usual for the quartet of smiling faces sharing a table near the bar. Ted nursed his one beer while Sally and Cindy kept insisting they always saw it coming. "You never noticed how Avril would look at you," Cindy pointed out.

"Or had to listen to her talk about you all the time," Sally added.

Following his breakup from Avril, Robbie had requested a transfer back to Houston. Meanwhile, Chip still sat at the bar like a predator, attempting to chat up any woman who looked unescorted. "Part of me feels as if I should thank him," Ted told Avril with a nod towards Chip. "But then I remember how much of a douche he was to me." He shared the story about how Chip had tried to bully him, saying he didn't stand a chance with Avril or Sally.

"When did that happen?" Avril asked.

"The night Sally shaved me."

"Fuck, that was so hot," Avril said, plastering a kiss on Ted's lips. "I got so wet watching that."

"You? I wore out the batteries of my vibrator after you guys left!" Sally said.

"Well, just so you know, he's been very good about keeping himself shaved," Avril reported.

"I tried to talk my boyfriend into doing it, but he won't," Cindy pouted.

"Well, anytime you need a show, you let me know," Avril offered, squeezing Ted's thigh.

"Whoa, don't I get a vote in that?" he asked, surprised.

"Not really," she said. "In fact, hand me your car keys."

"Why?" he asked, fishing them out of his pocket.

"Because I just became the designated driver tonight," Avril said, flagging down the server and ordering a round of shots.

When the shots arrived, Ted pushed his in front of Avril and took back his car keys. "I don't need to be drunk for what you have planned."

"Tease," she said, giving him a kiss. "You just made me wet as hell." From the eager looking smiles on the faces of Sally and Cindy, Ted could guess she wasn't alone with how she felt.

---fin---

This is my 2016 April Fools Day Story Contest submission. I would appreciate your vote. Your comments and PMs are always appreciated, too. I hope you had as much fun reading this story and I did writing it.

