Christine Takes Charge Ch. 01
bycynthiablaine7©

Christine had returned to the old family home after her husband Harold had been killed in a plane crash. She was an experienced math teacher in her early 30s. Unlike teachers in some subjects, her skills were desired by most districts, including the schools in her old home town. So now she was a well-regarded faculty member at the high school, popular both with other teachers and their students, as well as parents.

Her younger sister Susan and Susan's husband Jim had been living in the large house where the two sisters had come of age. When Christine let Susan know that she was coming home once she had handled the formalities of selling the house Harold and she had enjoyed during their marriage, Susan wrote her that she really should live with them.

"The house as you know is huge," Susan said, "and there's more than enough room for you. Besides, we'd enjoy the company."

Christine chuckled now, as she thought of how things had developed. Susan worked in advertising as a freelance and had fairly irregular income; her husband was a machinist who had decent work but also was not regularly employed so they were very appreciative when Christine volunteered to contribute more than her share to the costs of running the house, not that these were terribly high since their parents had paid the mortgage off before their deaths.

Christine had met a few men at the church she returned to attending—Susan and Jim had no use for church, she learned—and through a few of her old friends still in town. She did not like the idea of going to bars to meet men and also figured it was still a bad idea for a teacher to be seen in that kind of setting.

She had enjoyed married life with Harold. Neither wanted children and now Christine was appreciative because it made her move home that much easier. What she really missed, though, was the wonderful sex life she and her husband had enjoyed. Both were insatiable and both enjoyed ranging into kinky zones.

Christine was a small-to-middling town girl who learned from Harold's West Coast upbringing. The couple found they enjoyed getting into spanking scenes and soon each gave and received strokes with canes, switches, and even a martinet. Christine gradually began to assume a more dominant role in the relationship and had even gone so far as to have her husband happily render toilet service for her.

After she moved back into the old family home, which Susan and Jim had had for themselves for about five years since their parents had passed on, she found herself asking Susan how her marriage was.

"Well, you know, Chris," Susan began, "Jim and I do have disagreements because our income stream can be erratic. Frankly, at times we behave very badly toward each other."

Christine's eyes flashed at hearing this and she responded, calmly, by asking more.

"Maybe the two of you need some discipline at times," she suggested in a slightly bland tone.

"Discipline?" Susan asked. "You mean...something like spanking?"

"Well...yes," Christine answered. "It can be both useful and exciting."

"Is this something you have done?" Susan pressed. "Chris, you do strike me as the take-charge type even more than when we were growing up and Mom used to put you in charge. In fact, I remember one time when she let you spank me."

This was enough to start Christine's juices flowing right into the crotch of her panties.

"Maybe you want to talk to Jim about this," Christine answered. "Yes, it's something I might be prepared to provide if the two of you think it would help and that you might even like it."

Susan grinned and said she would talk to her husband.

"I have to confess, Chris, that I still remember that spanking," Susan went on. "It did hurt but it did get me very turned on."

Christine smiled and said that it might make all three living in the house feel better in several ways.

Christine had trouble keeping her composure until she was back in her own bedroom that night under the covers with her hand in her panties probing her gushing sex. She ran her fingers through her plenteous pubic hair and reflected on how hard she had worked to maintain her delightful figure. Chris was proud of her 36C chest but also that her weight never rose above 137 lbs. Her sandy blonde hair added to her overall attractiveness and she had noticed some of the boys in her high school math classes making eyes at her.

***

That night Susan explored with Jim the prospect of allowing Christine to become their regular disciplinarian.

"Do you think she would want to follow through and join us in our bedroom?" Jim asked. "Your sister is quite attractive and I hope that wouldn't make you jealous, sweetie."

"I have a feeling she would join us, darling," Susan responded, with a grin. "If I know my older sister, she's jilling right now in there as we speak. I hope I can trust you not to fall head over heels when I give in and let you fuck her brains out because she's probably dying for your lovely tool up her wazoo."

"Sweetie, you know I adore you and that goes for that wonderful cunt between your legs," Jim responded with affection as Susan lay back, spread her legs and welcomed her husband's amply-sized cock into her snug love tunnel. They proceeded to make very pleasant love for quite a while, but kept their moaning quite low to avoid bothering Christine whose room was only down the hall.

The next day Susan winked at Christine over breakfast and smiled at her once Jim took off on a job.

"We're game, sis," she said smoothly, "so you'd better get that strong hand ready to wallop our behinds later."

Christine laughed and said she hoped all would enjoy this even though she agreed that spanking could serve laudable disciplinary purposes. She suggested to Susan that she inform Jim that the two of them should report to Christine's room at about nine that night.

***

Christine spent some time that afternoon preparing for the session that she figured could shape her life at her old homestead. She put on fresh white silky panties to make herself feel good, a matching lacy white bra and garter belt, with seamed stockings beneath a crisp white blouse and grey flannel skirt. With her smart burgundy pumps, she decided she was perfectly outfitted to dominate her sister and brother-in-law.

Jim was interested in trying out the idea Susan had broached to him. But he wasn't that fascinated to change his work clothes once he arrived home. Susan, however, found an ancient pair of little girl panties she had somehow kept in her bottom drawer, with little bunnies on them and managed to squeeze into them as her figure had remained girlish. She matched them with a short skirt and cute blouse.

Dinner was a bit constrained as neither Chris nor Susan had put on their costumes until retiring to their rooms. But promptly at nine, Susan and Jim rapped on Christine's door.

"Come in," she said loudly enough to be heard and both Susan and Jim gasped when they saw her crisp outfit.

Once they were standing before her, with Christine seated demurely by her bed in a straight chair, Christine intoned, "I understand you both have been quite naughty for some time so you are prepared to be disciplined so as to correct these attitudes."

Susan responded for both as she recalled the similar phrases their mother had used before spankings, "Yes, Miss Christine, we are prepared to take our medicine."

"Very well," Christine responded, "you will pay attention to the rules that I will spell out for you both from now on. I shall keep track of your behavior during the week so that each Friday at this time we will resolve any naughtiness right here. You will each keep a small notebook that I will use to enter demerits or other comments on your behavior. Each week I will grade you in Conduct based on my observation and what is entered in the notebooks."

She began the current review then.

"I have noticed that you have not been cleaning up after yourselves," she said. "I will demand improvement in your tidiness. This applies to your persons. Now both of you will lower your pants or lift your skirt and lower your underpants so I may check them for cleanliness."

Susan's face turned red and Jim almost lost it at this severe invasion of privacy but both lowered their underpants.

Christine inspected them and commented on the various stains in Susan's little panties and Jim's skidmarked boxer shorts.

"These are unacceptable and will earn you penalty points," she stated. "And if I don't see real improvement in the cleanliness of your underpants by next time, you both be waering little girl panties, and yes, you could find yourselves diapered. Now both of you bend over the bed. Susan, we will start with you. Come and lay over my lap."

Susan cringed at the horrid thought of being put into a diaper like an infant but quickly complied with the order as her husband lay over the bed facing away.

Christine adjusted Susan's middle over her lap, made sure the little panties were below Susan's bottom, and began to spank her white cheeks quite firmly as Susan began to whimper and then groan as the spanks increased in intensity and her bottom reddened.

Interrupting the spanks as Susan's cheeks showed the results of the spanking, Christine let her finger run down Susan's furrow, feeling the seeping wetness her younger sister was exuding.

"Hmm," Christine commented, "it appears some little girl is getting nice and hot from this experience."

Susan could only moan in response as the insinuating finger slipped into her soaking vagina and moved in and out as she resisted the urge to rotate her hips in rhythm with the finger.

Christine withdrew her finger and told Susan to return to the couch and to bend over next to her husband.

Then she summoned Jim to her lap and the meek-faced man slowly advanced, with a proud erection emanating from his crotch. Christine made no acknowledgment of his hard-on except to motion him across her lap with her little finger. Then she opened her stockinged legs to catch his tool between her thighs and press them close in on it.

Christine smiled and put a controlling hand over his waist as she began to spank his equally white bottom. Jim felt the hard spanks but resolutely held back from showing any sign that he was hurting.

Finally, Christine reached between his legs and let her fingernail run up from the base of his scrotum to the tip of his turgid member. Jim had involuntarily released a dollop of precum from this intensely pleasurable touching and hoped he could keep from blowing his wad entirely.

***

Christine had Jim return to bend over next to his wife. She then directed both of them to strip entirely.

Gazing at her attractive sister and her handsome husband, Chris grinned as she informed them that part of their discipline would include their engaging in what she referred to as directed sex.

"You will be enjoying each other but performing strictly in compliance with my directions," she explained. "If you should decide not to do what you are told, this cane will serve as a reminder." She gave the thin yellowish cane a whish through the air that impressed her sister and brother-in-law.

"Now, Susie," she went on, "you will get up on the bed on all fours, on your hands and knees with your legs quite widely spread. Then Jim, you may get behind her and carefully penetrate her pussy with your cock, but you may only insert the head, no more."

As both of them moved into position to comply with Chris's directions, she stood next to them, helping Jim guide his piston into her sister's cute little cunt. Chris then put her hand right round his shaft to keep all but the head from entering the warm vagina.

"Oh, Miss Christine," Susie squealed, "I want that tool deep inside me, please!!"

"You will have to earn that privilege, Susie," Christine intoned, not releasing her grip on Jim's tool. She took her other hand and calmly inserted her middle finger into his tight anal rosette.

Jim realized quickly that with this stimulation, he would have trouble holding off a very major cum building in his loins.

Christine smiled as she advised him, "You won't cum, Jim, until I say so, unless you want to feel my cane on your bare cheeks."


Christine Takes Charge Ch. 02
bycynthiablaine7©

[This series is continuous so it will be necessary to read the first installment to get into the story. There is some direct reference to bodily functions so those unhappy with that should read no further.]

*

Christine held her hand around Jim's hard cock for a time as she tested him to ensure he did not cum while only the head was still in Susie's vagina. Then she gave the order for him to withdraw and stand up, hard cock pointing up, apparently to be deprived of orgasm. Susie, too, looked round at her older dominating sister, disappointed to be left on all fours high and dry.

"You both should understand that my controlling when you can orgasm is an important part of your disciplinary regimen," Christine told her Susie and Jim, who as husband and wife had not been accustomed to delaying gratification of this kind previously. "Orgasm will now be a reward for your good behavior."

"However," she smiled, "I'm not a really cruel bitch, although you both probably want me to be on some occasions so you can use this experience to improve your overall lifestyle. So let's proceed tonight by my asking Jim to undress me for the next part of our program."

Susie, still on all fours on the bed, with her red bottom from being spanked by Christine, sticking out for the others to see, whined, "Oh, you mean I don't get to have him in me so I can cum, Chris?"

Seeing the stern look on her older sister's face, Susie realized her mistake and added, "Oh, I'm sorry, Miss Christine, I won't forget that again, oh, please don't spank me again for that!"

Chris smiled as Jim carefully unbuttoned her crisp white blouse, removed it and unzipped her classic grey flannel skirt. She now was standing in her lovely white bra and matching garter belt and panties, along with her seamed stockings and pumps. She motioned to Jim to unhook her bra and then she smiled as he patted her ample 36C chest and felt her nipples stick out and become firm.

She took the next step of slipping down her panties and unhooking her garter belt, rolling down her stockings as she stepped out of her smart burgundy pumps. Now all three were in the all-together together and Chris lay down on the bed next to her sister, still on all fours.

Jim stared at Christine's plentiful sandy blonde pubes and wondered what might be in store for him in particular. His fantasies of fucking this lovely woman were rapidly escalating.

"Jim," Christine said in a severe tone, "get over here on your knees and start showing me some oral appreciation."

As she readied for her own intercourse, she issued a crushing order to her expectant younger sister to pull up her shameful little girl panties.

Seeing Susan begin to mope, Christine snapped, "Susie, you will not whine or carry on or you will get another spanking, and be wearing those panties all the time but you will not be having any sex at all."

Now Jim responded to his domme's instructions and began lapping at Chris's already wet but tight slit. He leaned his face into the warm orifice and enjoyed the powerful flavor, both taste and smell, that exuded from Christine's hairy pleasure center. Chris was getting very very wet and had to resist moving her hips in rhythm with his tongue's swipes at her pussy.

Soon she could hold back no longer and came quite strongly, moving her lower body and giving Jim a nice squirt of her warm pussy juice in his face. While this was going on, Susie looked disconsolate at her husband's having brought her older sister to the orgasm Susie had been denied.

Christine came down from her cum to force herself to rise to her feet and extract her thin cane from her handbag. Both Susie and Jim blanched as they saw her brandish the clearly painful implement and give it a fear-inducing swish through the air.

"Susan," Chris intoned, "I hope I do not need to keep giving you a refresher course on behavior, but you clearly need one." She lay the cane across Susie's already red bottom, drew it back, and with two quick flicks of her wrist, applied two penetrating strokes across the middle of her sister's cute bottom.

Susie screeched from the pain which only deepened as the cane strokes sunk in, and the tell-tale tram marks appeared on her bottom.

"Oh, oh," Susie cried, "oh, Miss Christine, I won't sulk and I'll be good, I will, I will!"

"That's what I like to hear, sweetie," Chris said warmly, "but you need two more to make sure you remember." With that, she lined the cane up at the base of Susie's bottom and with two more flicks of her wrist, aimed two strokes at the very sensitive area between Susie's bottom and thighs.

Susie couldn't help but let out a real cry of pain this time and Christine whispered in her ear, "There, there, sweetie. That's over."

Christine now lay back down next to Susie, who still was required to remain on all fours on the bed and told not to rub her aching bottom cheeks. Christine spread her attractive legs and with her finger, beckoned her brother-in-law to her love tunnel by calmly pulling him by the penis in between her legs.

Jim was delighted to get the chance to fuck his sister-in-law so soon and somehow resisted the urge to plunge his tool into her waiting cunt. He penetrated her orifice slowly and felt pleased when he heard her murmurs of pleasure at his approach. He also realized he had better use his arms to hold his weight off her lithe body so that the only pressure Chris felt was the pistoning of his firm prong in and out of her wet hole.

Jim did lean down to lick and kiss Chris's now very firmly risen nipples and also take the advantage of kissing her there and on her warm lips, welcoming her opening those to welcome his tongue as it met hers.

It did not take too long for her to reach a delightful orgasm and she also indicated to Jim when he was now permitted to cum inside her so as to increase her own enjoyment by simultaneously climaxing.

Chris did not intend to leave Susie without any satisfaction when both Jim and Chris had achieved quite massive orgasmic pleasure. She reached over as she was coming down from her own cum and began teasing Susie's cute little love button with her fingers. She assumed Susie shared her own huge clitoral sensitivity and her estimation was confirmed as her younger sister immediately began to flow copiously and buck her hips in response to Chris's clever teasing.

Susie turned out to be quite the hot little number, Chris concluded, as the younger sister thrashed in pleasure from a strong cum induced by the older sister's ministrations.

Christine now stood and told Jim and Susie that part of their regular sessions would be the opportunity to clean Chris's private areas. Jim realized she wanted to feel his tongue down in her pussy so he knelt before her as she stepped so as to provide access to her wet hole. He licked her clean as he tasted his own cum mixed with her juices flowing plenteously from her soppy opening.

She then directed the two to stand before her and she walked round them, inserting a finger in Susie's still excited pussy and running her nail up Jim's once-again turgid shaft. She lifted the covers on the bed and with her finger invited first Susie to get under them and after Chris herself had situated next to her sister, beckoned Jim to join them on her other side.

"I do feel that all disciplinary sessions should be followed by a chance for the three of us to feel good about each other and doing that right here like this makes for the best results," she said. With that, she took Susie in her arms and embraced her, holding her sister tight. Susie smiled in response and grasped Chris, running her hands lovingly over the domme's breasts and then cautiously letting her fingers slip into Chris's still very wet pussy.

Jim for his part patted Chris's soft brilliant hair and ran his hands over her face and down her torso. Chris enjoyed this attention and intended to include body worship in the routine she would install for them. Now she decided she will cement the relationship by allowing Susie finally to receive the fucking she obviously desired all the more.

"Jim," Christine said in her best dominant tone, "you now are permitted to have your wife in the traditional fashion. Susie, you may carefully roll over me and position yourself to receive your husband in full intercourse."

Susie smiled broadly, a bit surprised that Christine was being generous after having disciplined Susie so severely. She rolled over Chris, making sure not to allow her frame to linger over her sister and lay on her back, legs askew as Jim mounted her and carefully inserted his cock into her.

She was delighted that her training was already having effect, when she heard both Jim and Susie ask her plaintively if they had permission to cum.

"Ah, you two are coming along quite nicely," she grinned, aware of her rather blunt pun, "so yes, you may both cum at your pleasure."

She relaxed as Jim moved his still-firm tool in and out of Susie's tight but now wet slit in faster and faster strokes until Susie began to moan and then cry out, making Chris realize what a noisy fuckjob Susie was.

After they both came and appeared quite sated, Chris motioned to Jim to roll back over her so Chris would again be positioned between them. She quietly asked the two if they had felt the session had accomplished what they had hoped.

Susie giggled and said she felt like a naughty schoolgirl, first having been spanked and caned on all fours with everyone observing her bottom, and then being fingered by her sister and fucked by her husband while lying in bed next to her sister. Jim nodded his agreement and added that he was surprised that he liked the way Christine took control and made him feel like a performing stud.

"I hope you both understand that I really do expect better behavior," Chris responded. "I don't want to hear any squabbling between you and I expect that the house will be kept tidy. I also feel that you will have time, Jim, to wash Susie's and my panties, which should remind you that you need to serve us."

Chris put one arm around Jim's shoulders and the other around Susie's smaller frame.

"Now let's give each other hugs and fall asleep in our arms," she said.

"Is that an order, Miss Christine?" Jim asked with a twinkle in his eye.

"It is," she grinned amicably.

Susie let a thought cross her mind as she had begun to relax. She decided she would brave Chris's annoyance but went ahead and spoke.

"Miss Christine," she began with respect, "can we expect that you will be introducing us to, shall I say, other new things in this relationship?"

Chris smiled and said it would likely be more enjoyable if things proceeded at her discretion but added, "You may definitely expect some new wrinkles. You did hear me warn you that you might find yourself wearing those panties all the time for punishment. There are plenty of other restrictions and punishments that may become necessary."

Susie was not especially satisfied and went so far as to ask Christine if this had been the kind of thing she had been in the habit of doing with her late husband.

"Harold and I did both have a taste for the somewhat exotic," Chris replied, happy to elucidate for her sister that there was a good deal waiting for her down the road. "You could see from what I wore that I abjure things like leather and metal, but I do love all kinds of domination."

Susie brightened as she realized she had hit upon a basis for assessing her sister's mind patterns.

"In fact," Chris added with a very sly smile, "we might now expose you to something Harold and I had been venturing into when his unfortunate end interrupted everything." She felt herself welling up now because she had really loved her husband while at the same time thrilling to the dominance that he seemed to crave and of which she became more and more enamored.

"Let's all go to the bathroom to complete our daily ablutions," Chris said. Susie immediately started wondering just what evil door she had inadvertently opened.

When they arrived, Chris began, "Do you both need to use the toilet?"

Both Jim and Susie couldn't help turning red in the face at the seemingly innocuous but obviously embarrassing inquiry.

"Yes," both said more or less together.

"And you will tell Miss Christine exactly what you need to do?" Chris continued, asking the shaming question in a most matter-of-fact tone.

Jim was taken aback, as was his wont, but muttered that he need to pee, while Susie now truly reddened and in a small voice, managed to stammer, "I...I...need to do...number two too." She nervously giggled at how that emerged.

"You should recognize that in this house I regard use of the toilet as a privilege," Christine declared. "And as with all privileges, it must be earned. If you misbehave, your use of the toilet may be...restricted," she added, without further comment, which made Jim and Susie cringe as they thought of being made to hold their bodily products until allowed relief.

She directed Jim to lie on his back in the bathtub and then told Susie to squat over him, with her shaved pudendum right over Jim's crotch. His firm and erect cock pointed up at her pussy but was sadly just far enough away to make direct contact impossible.

"Now you both have permission to pee," Chris said, "and I expect you to go ahead without any delay, or I may withdraw that permission."

Susie was worried that she would have trouble releasing her sphincter both in this squatting posture and in front of her husband and sister, while being made to urinate right on Jim. Jim really needed relief and it took no time at all for his cock to soften enough so a strong stream flowed rapidly from his peephole at the tip of his prong and aiming it with his fingers, managed with a grin to watch the pee stream hit Susie right between her spread labia.

For her part, Susie finally managed to concentrate on lessening the pressure in her bladder as she felt the pee move down her urethra and splash down on Jim's peeing penis. Chris enjoyed seeing them both proceed to comply with her orders and overcome their obvious inhibitions.

As both pee streams gradually ended, Susie looked up plaintively and in a little girlish tone, asked Chris if she could use the toilet for "you know, the other."

Chris smiled and nodded her head in a negative response, shocking Susie, who had not had much exposure to this kind of kink.

"If you wish to take advantage of this opportunity to have a bowel movement," Chris said somewhat officiously, "you will turn round, keep squatting, and proceed to do just that."

Susie was again taken aback but Jim was not happy as he complained, "You mean she is going to shit on me just like that?"

Christine's eyes flashed as she reminded him, "When you address me with any question, you will say 'Miss Christine' or expect to be reminded with my cane. And yes, not only will you receive her waste on you, but you will lean up after she is finished and clean her anally with your tongue."

Jim blanched but refrained from incurring any further displeasure on the part of the obviously stern sister-in-law whose dominance he had accepted.

Susie really was feeling mental pressure now as her rectum yearned to empty itself but her mind recoiled at the prospect of excreting her bowel movement in front of the two of them and onto her husband's body. But she applied her muscles and strained enough so that a very long, moderately thick, light brown log slipped out of her cute little anus and dropped neatly onto Jim's hairy crotch right above his again-erect cock.

Christine handed Jim some toilet tissue and motioned to him to scoop the turd off himself and deposit it in the adjacent open toilet. He gladly responded as she had indicated.

He grimly realized he was going to have to lick his wife's dainty but obviously disgusting anal opening now so he resolutely lifted his head and shoulders and moved his mouth between her red cheeks. His nose was greeted by the always nasty smell of someone else's shit but he was grateful that Susie had excreted a firm movement that left little residue on the anal pucker.

"Please make sure you insert your tongue to clean her nicely inside, Jim," Christine reminded him as he thought he might be able to avoid letting that organ insinuate itself into the inevitably cute but dirty hole. "You will insert your tongue as you kiss her on her anal rosette, giving her what one of my favorite authors calls the 'kiss of devotion,' which must be deeply felt."

Jim obligingly let caution be put aside and applied himself to his awful assigned task. He gave Susie what really was a very sweet kiss—he thought about how weird it was that he was tasting the essence of bitterness—and let his tongue probe into her back passage, tasting the acrid residue of her recent excretion.

He withdrew and grimaced but made sure not to show any annoyance to Christine, now firmly ensconced as his domme.

Chris sat herself on the toilet seat and proceeded to release her own ample flow of urine into the bowl as her sister and brother-in-law watched, still unused to observing this kind of personal act. Both were now standing in the tub and Chris beckoned Susie with her finger, "Come over her, Sis, and get down in front of me. It's your turn to lick me clean."

Susie was still amazed at what had happened in the bathroom, on top of the events preceding, but did what she was told and knelt before her sister and leaned forward into Chris's hairy snatch to lick the urine drops from Chris's vulva and hair. The taste was salty but also mixed with the female effusions that Chris had produced during her sex with Jim.

After everyone washed hands, Chris led them back to her large bed. She had laid out nightgowns for Susie and her and suggested that Jim retrieve whatever he liked to wear while sleeping. He left and returned with a tee shirt and undershorts and joined the two women under the covers.

Chris gave each of them a hug and thanked them for making her feel more than at home. Susie laughed and said she was a bit sore especially on her bottom cheeks but was happy to have her big sister take charge. Jim smiled and said that he was still getting used to this new regimen but that he knew it would benefit both Susie and him, although he felt very embarrassed being taken across Chris's lap for a spanking.

"And you haven't even felt my thin cane yet on your naughty bottom!" Chris chuckled.

Christine Takes Charge Ch. 03
bycynthiablaine7©

[Reading this story will likely be more enjoyable if you have read the preceding chapters. There's some dealing with bodily functions so if that bothers you, stop here.]

*

Susie and Jim continued to enjoy sex in their marriage after they had decided to submit to Susie's older sister Christine's dominance. One night in bed they discussed what they had done and how Christine's new role in their lives was affecting them.

"Jim," Susie began, "I hope you get as much of a charge out of this as I do. I suppose that I do get turned on by an assertive woman close to me, like my sister, taking charge and even disciplining me. It would probably sound crazy telling anyone, which I won't anyway, but it's really the way I feel."

Then she grinned and added, "Or maybe it's the way my pussy feels because it gets so wet even when I think about this."

Jim grinned and then replied, "You know, Suze, I wasn't sure this was a great idea. I guess that there's something in me too that gets excited by this kind of thing."

He stared lovingly at his cute brunette-haired wife, with her lithe frame and petite figure, with a 34A bust but a nice small body that went well with her assets: "I love you so and perhaps this is something we share that brought us together in the first place."

Susan smiled back and clutched Jim tightly in bed as she felt warmth in her mid-section and realized that she was getting very wet down there and as she was in her nightie with no panties, she was going to get the sheets wet. She whispered to Jim that he was making her very randy and that her pussy was flowing.

Jim kissed her for a long time and reached down under her nightgown to fondle her cunt. Then he gently rolled her over and holding himself on his arms, slid his now-erect penis right into her well-lubricated passage. They enjoyed their congress for some time, as they always found that "good old-fashioned fucking" made them both happy.

The next morning they appeared for breakfast with a glow, not lessened by Susie's realizing that her not laying a towel beneath her buttocks meant she slept in the proverbial wet spot all night. Christine had been there already and made coffee, and was about to leave for school.

"You two look quite pleased with yourselves," she said with a smile.

Susie blushed and decided to be forthcoming. "I suppose I need to be honest, Chris," she began slowly, "and tell you we had some wonderful sex last night."

Christine took this in, knowing that her sister was overcoming many barriers in being so forthright.

"I do appreciate your telling me that, Susie," she replied, "and I did want to speak to Jim and you on that subject." Susie started wondering if she had acted wisely in telling all.

"We are about to venture into more kinky territory in terms of my control," Christine stated, "so if you two want to continue, this is your chance to change the status...or even end it."

Susan looked at Jim and he answered deliberately, "No, Miss Christine. We both have recognized that we both need and enjoy what you have given us."

Chris grinned and thanked both of them for their confidence in her. She also told them that they only need to call her Miss Christine when they were being disciplined or otherwise under direct control.

"That having been said," she went on, "I do intend that from now on, sexual intercourse will be a privilege and you will request and receive my permission before engaging. Is that understood?"

Susie and Jim were slightly surprised but answered yes. Chris continued, "So when you find yourselves in the mood, you will first come to me and ask for permission. Understood? Good. We are going to begin your anal training today."

With that, she opened her handbag and removed two rather slim anal buttplugs. Both Susie and Jim were somewhat taken aback but then Chris motioned to them to lower their slacks and underwear and bend over.

In that embarrassing position, with panties and undershorts down and their anuses exposed as well as Susie's pudenda peeking through her open legs and Jim's scrotum visible, Chris took the plugs, rubbed a bit of lube on the business end and slowly inserted them in each anal opening.

"You will feel good, I hope," Chris said, "because these are relatively small. But now you may pull up panties and shorts. If you need to take them out for natural needs, do so but I trust you to put them back in."

***

Susan was working this week at a local merchandising office, developing an ad campaign with them. There were many meetings each day so when she arrived she first went to the ladies room to empty her bladder in preparation for a long busy work day.

She went into a stall and rucked up her skirt and pulled down her panties. She was surprised at how badly she needed to pee, even though it was cold outside and she had had a lot of coffee for breakfast. Maybe it was the plug pressing on her bladder, too, she thought.

But then she felt another seeming result of the coffee—and maybe the plug, too—when it came through to her that she needed to have a bowel movement...and it was becoming very insistent. Susie was very, very glad she was already on the toilet. She reached behind her and feeling quite embarrassed even though no one could see her, she managed to get hold of the plug, although it had pushed into her rectum, and gradually extract it.

She had barely moved her hand out of the way when she felt a huge, long doody (Susie couldn't get away from that word, which her mother had used when she was a little girl) surge out of her usually tight hole. It was obvious that Chris's plug had made her asshole looser and she began to worry that she might lose control: she might shit her panties in a meeting.

The thought sobered her and also got her pussy wetter as the embarrassing possibility began to take over her consciousness. Somehow she pulled herself together and wiped, rather unwillingly re-inserted the buttplug, pulled up her panties, washed her hands, and got back to work.

She had a major conference just before lunch. And worst of all, she started feeling that sinking feeling that she needed, yes, to shit again, to make a doody. The meeting was reaching its key point: when the management group would act on her proposal for the campaign. She gritted her teeth and tried to retain her composure.

But it was getting much more pressing inside her. She couldn't lose control, it would be awful, she wouldn't let herself think about the plug and the poop coming out into her panties and the smell... But she had to do something or it would be too late.

Susie smiled at the managers and said she was sorry but she needed to excuse herself for a moment. Then she thought of a nice way to handle it.

"I know I can rely on you guys to give this some thought among yourselves for a few minutes," she smiled her most ladylike grin as she quickly but coolly got to her feet and walked calmly to the door.

She kept her composure all the way to the ladies and then ran into the stall and pulled up her skirt and lowered her panties as she sat on the toilet and reached back to pull out the plug. But as she was reaching back and moving into a squat position on the toilet, the spreading of her cheeks released the slim plug and it popped out...right into the bowl! Susie wanted to scream but instead she reached way down into the water—ugh, but at least there was no poo in it—and grasped the slippery plug and pulled it out, laying it on the tile floor.

Then she took a deep breath as her lengthy, thick movement slid out of her cute little anus into the bowl. Now her bladder relaxed and a long lovely pee followed. She relaxed for a moment, but reached for the toilet paper, wiped front to back as mommy had taught her, and put herself back together.

When she walked back into the meeting room, the younger man who actually called the shots smiled at her and said, "It's probably good for your ego that you gave us that chance to confer—all I will say, Susan, is that we...love your proposal."

Susie broke into a wide, sweet smile but retained her professional demeanor and thanked them all. They spent a few minutes setting up a work schedule and then everyone stood up, shook hands, and dispersed.

***

Jim had gone out that morning, too, as he was scheduled for several days' work as a machinist on a construction site. He was engaged in working out the structuring of the building systems with the contractor's guys when he felt a sudden urgent pressing in his rectum. Knowing that he could possibly lose control, which would destroy his livelihood in view of the macho world in which he worked, he excused himself and headed for the port-a-john nearby on the site.

Once inside, and the door locked, he yanked his trousers and shorts down, reached behind to extract the thin plug, and sat right on the seat and felt himself produce a massive bowel movement. He chuckled as he saw his nice large cock was fully erect, and knew that this whole experience had both terrified him and turned him on.

After taking three deep breaths, he wiped himself off, unhappily put the plug back in his anus, and pulled up his undershorts and pants. He thought that this was going to be a long day.

****

Christine had a good day teaching. All her classes were progressing well, and she found herself making friends on the faculty, too. She found the teacher in the next classroom, Dorothy Miles, to be a friendly lady of similar age and background. Dorothy was a sandy-haired blonde who taught junior and senior English, and was also unmarried. She had suggested that Chris join her for coffee after school that day.

Chris took advantage of her striking looks to hold the students' attention. She was a natural flaming redhead and she wore the colors that went with that—sharp greens and blues. She made sure her skirts were short enough to keep the boys focused but not so brief as to expose her very traditional full-cut white panties. She had worn these because they turned her late husband on, and somehow wasn't ready yet to shed them, or his memory.

She welcomed Dorothy to her BMW 500 series convertible as they took off once clear of after-school duties. Dorothy had been at the school for several years but still felt a bit adrift in the town, where Chris had quickly settled back in and could draw on her relationships forged during her years growing up there.

So when Dorothy mentioned a man she had been seeing, Chris smiled and mentioned that yes, he had been a year ahead of her when she was in school and was regarded as a good catch for someone back then.

"Really?" Dorothy exclaimed, somewhat surprised at the special knowledge Chris possessed just because this town had been her first home.

"Oh, yes," Chris laughed, "but I will be nice and not go into the details of every girl who went with him—especially since some are still in town.

"I think Ken and I are beyond fretting about all that," Dorothy rejoined, not entirely lightly, "and between you and me, I think he's going to pop the question soon."

"That's wonderful, Dorothy," Chris said generously and with feeling, "I'm sorry if I was being a jerk, because he really is a nice, decent man."

"What have you been doing on that front?" Dorothy then asked her, "since you do know so many folks here even if you were away for those years."

"I'm not rushing into a relationship," Chris responded slowly and deliberately. "My marriage was a wonderful one, and I'm not about to jump into anything. I'm also a person who finds I need to be in control of things."

Dorothy looked up, a moment of thought clearly having crossed her face as well as her mind.

"Does that need extend to...your intimate life?" she asked with a concerned smile.

"Well...the answer to that is yes," Chris stated very directly. "I was the one who made the decisions in my marriage—in all respects."

"I've thought about how I might behave in that kind of situation," Dorothy mused, as they sat down in the small café for some coffee and...

"You strike me, Dorothy, as almost too nice a person to be the one who asserts herself in a relationship," Christine opined.

"I suppose you do understand me, even if we've just met," Dorothy answered. Then, after a very pregnant pause, she said, almost in a whisper, "Christine, I've always thought about what it might be like being involved with a more assertive woman."

"I assume, Dorothy dear," Chris said, trying to restrain her enthusiasm kindled by Dorothy's rather amazing statement, "that you understand the implications of what you just said to someone who has my...interests."

Dorothy's face brightened. "I did hope you might feel that way," she said, again quietly.

Chris went on to tell Dorothy, after both agreed that this discussion would never be disclosed to anyone at all, about her relationship with Harold—how she had learned about domination from him and how it gradually expanded the horizons of their marriage. Finally, she explained the domestic situation in which she now was in charge of her sister and brother-in-law.

"Wow," Dorothy said, but in a quiet tone, "you really are the person I hoped to find some day."

"So you think you might enjoy a chance to explore your submissive side with a compatible domme?" Christine asked.

"Yes, Miss Christine," Dorothy answered with a broad smile, "but since I'm a tital newbie, please be gentle and go slowly with me."

Chris explained that she abjured such obvious trappings of domme outfitting as leather and metal, but liked slightly severe clothing when in a dominant situation.

"I might also suggest some things for you to wear, and if I'm training you, that might include wearing shorter skirts to school,"she said with a grin.

Dorothy quickly looked down at her midiskirt and blanched.

"Oh," she said blankly, "I've been so afraid of giving the boys a chance to see something when they try to look up my skirt."

"You'll have to be more careful, then," Chris informed her, "because I like my little girls to look somewhat like schoolgirls. You will be wearing shorter skirts, my dear."

Dorothy took this in, still fascinated, but then started to excuse herself to go to the restroom.

"No," Christine said sharply, "you will have to wait until we get back to your place."

Dorothy grimaced at this first expression by Christine of direct dominance of the blonde English teacher but asked plaintively if they might then go back to her place "before it's too late."

Chris enjoyed her expression of discomfiture and took her by the hand out the door, after paying for their snack, and escorted her into the BMW for the ride to Dorothy's apartment.

***

Attending to Dorothy made Chris arrive home somewhat later than she, or for that matter, Susie or Jim, expected. She walked into the house and found them both waiting for her. Susie had prepared dinner, for which Chris was most appreciative, as their relationship did include sharing that responsibility.

While they were getting started with dinner, her sister and brother-in-law could not hold back telling her the shame that they had felt that day when their immediate bodily needs brought on by the buttplugs had caused them to behave differently.

Christine smiled broadly and told them that they were learning what being under her control meant. Then she confided in them that she had become friendly enough with the pleasant woman teaching in the next classroom to learn that she was interested in being dommed by Chris.

"You're going to have a whole crew before long," Susie giggled and Chris found herself amused by the speed with which her incipient career as a dominant had taken off.

Chris excited their minds by relating what had occurred with Dorothy and even told them how she had initiated the English teacher when she and Dorothy arrived at the latter's apartment.

"I had her lift her skirt and lower her panties for inspection," Chris began, as Susie felt her vaginal fluids already flowing plenteously.

"Then she was ordered to remove her blouse and bra," Chris went on.

Jim, too, was surprised at his own response to the account. He felt his cock rise to attention in his pants and he was mesmerized by his sister-in-law's story.

"I told her that I expected clean panties, without some of the stains I observed in her's," Christine declared as she glanced at the curious faces at the dinner table.

"I might want to have her over her to play with us sometime," she said then, hoping that the two would like the idea.

Susie, however, although she was excited by the prospect of seeing another woman dominated by her assertive sister, was still focused on the story.

"So what were the stains, if I may be so bold to ask, Miss Christine?" she blurted out.

Chris looked at her with a severe gaze that momentarily frightened Susan, but then eased up and described the appearance of Dorothy's most intimate garment.

"She clearly does not bother that much—and of course, I intend to change that—about her intimate hygiene," Chris said rather bluntly, "so yes, there were actual skidmarks and little spots from unwiped pee."

Then she smiled at them both and added, in a very conspiratorial tone, "Susie, I also could tell that she doesn't change her tampon as often as she should."

At that, Susie giggled and Jim turned totally red in the face.


Christine Takes Charge Ch. 04
bycynthiablaine7©

[Since this is a continuous story, reading this segment will likely be more enjoyable if you have read the preceding chapters. There's some dealing with bodily functions so if that bothers you, stop here. Some comments have been left after previous chapters that seem to reflect surprise when intimate bodily functions are featured: please do not proceed further if this is not to your liking.]

*

Christine had not related to Susie and Jim everything that happened when she took Dorothy home after their coffee.

When they reached Dorothy's pleasant garden apartment, she opened the lock, pushed the door to allow them to enter, and appeared to head for the bathroom. Dorothy knew that she would be in danger of having an embarrassing accident if she didn't get to the toilet soon...and so did Christine.

Grasping Dorothy's arm in a light hold, the lithe domme softly said, "Dorothy, you will not be allowed to go to the little girls' room until I give permission."

Dorothy, now feeling close to being totally desperate, pleaded in a most enticing manner: "Miss Christine, please allow me to pee. I'm really afraid I'm going to have an accident very soon."

"You will be learning better control from now on, Dorothy," Chris intoned in her best dominant tones. "Let's start out by inspecting you down there. Lift your skirt and lower your panties for your panty inspection. This is something you will be experiencing as part of your initial training."

Abashed by the abrupt imposition of her new dominant's authority, Dorothy shamefacedly lifted her midiskirt, disclosing some rather conservative white antron panties, which she proceeded to slip down over her hips. She was now showing Christine her most intimate area, her rather furry crotch, which she apparently had not bothered to trim, or as Christine saw it, even shampooed very recently.

Christine bent to peer into the soiled panty crotch. What she saw elicited a curl of her lips but delight in her head.

"Dorothy, it looks like you will need some remedial hygiene training if I am correct in seeing that your panties have both pee stains and skidmarks," she observed with some disdain.

"Oh, Miss Christine, I'm sorry," Dorothy responded in what sounded like a primal whine. "Sometimes I wait too long and then I'm afraid I'll be late so I guess...I sometimes don't wipe myself so well." She was cringing just from having to confess to such humiliating behaviors.

"It certainly seems like you need some supervision in the bathroom," Christine continued, "and I fully intend to provide that necessary measure to help you learn to behave like a big girl. It would be unfortunate if I found it necessary to put you in diapers, I think."

"Oh my God," Dorothy couldn't help exclaiming. "Diapers? Oh, Miss Christine, I will wipe myself so carefully from now on. I really don't want to be so humiliated."

"Well, I think in some ways you do," Chris answered brightly, "but believe me, if you don't make sure you are sparklingly clean in the crotch from now on, it could happen, my dear, yes, it could."

Christine bent down and realized that she was smelling a stronger odor than she was used to sniffing from a healthy vagina. Then she saw the tell-tale short white string sticking out of Dorothy's hairy slit.

"Dorothy, you will always inform me when you get your period," she said with sternness.

The now-frightened Dorothy was even more terrified than shamed; more from fear that she would lose control of her urinary sphincter than that she would be shamed involving her menstrual habits.

"Miss Christine," she pleaded, "yes, I have my period but...I realllly need to go. Can we go to the bathroom now?"

"In future, Dorothy, I do not want to hear this kind of whining," Chris answered, "but yes, we will move to the bathroom for the continuation of your inspection."

Dorothy realized she would be walking in a very shaming way with her skirt up and panties down along her thighs but she made her way behind Christine to her bathroom.

"Now you may sit on the toilet seat," Christine ordered, "but you will not start to pee until I give you permission. I believe in punishment fitting the offense, so don't earn yourself a pussy-whipping, missy."

Blanching, Dorothy pressed her pubic muscles together and prayed she could keep her urethra closed long enough to avoid such awful punishment on her privates.

Chris now bent over and pulled on the white string which showed some indication that the menstrual fluid flowing from Dorothy's vagina had bypassed the tampon and begun to emerge from her pussy, which showed indicative brownish spots and lines on her thin labia.

As what turned out to be an extremely soaked tampon emerged from Dorothy's vagina, she clearly had been unable to retain control while Christine had surprised her by pulling on the tampon string. Suddenly a small hot jet of dark yellow pee shot out of her urethral opening and splashed onto Chris's hand as it extracted the bloody tampon.

"Oh...I'm so sorry, Miss Christine," Dorothy wailed. "Your pulling it out must have made my peephole open for a sec—oh I'm really sorry to have wet your hand."

Christine smiled and tried to calm the obviously-upset teacher, who was experiencing the early throes of actually submitting to her domme.

"Don't get upset, sweetie," she said soothingly, knowing that the best domes knew when to adopt a maternal tone when asserting themselves over their little girls.

"We'll get this little situation all taken care of," she continued in her most placid and warm tones. "Now you go ahead and finish your wee-wee," she added, purposely using the childish term for urination, knowing it would have added impact on making Dorothy feel even more juvenile for not being able to control her sphincter.

Hearing the stream hit the water in the toilet below her, and flinching at how loud it seemed with her new dominant staring and listening, Dorothy relaxed her strained muscles and felt some relief as her pee flowed out. Of course, she also was totally shamed by the inspection thus far: the shameful stains in her undies, the obvious leakage of her tampon, and her failure to control her bladder releasing her urine before she had been given permission.

As the stream diminished and Dorothy's face reddened as the full extent of her embarrassment became ever clearer to her, Christine proceeded to take up the matter of the tampon leakage.

"Dorothy," she said in a lecturing tone, "I suspect you are a bit lax in your remembering to change your tampon during your period. Is this your heavy day? Or, really, what day of your period is this?"

No one had ever discussed the mechanics of her period with Dorothy before, Dorothy thought as she frantically considered how to respond honestly but without disgracing herself even more in Christine's eyes. In fact, she recalled, even her mother had only given her some old-fashioned tabbed napkins and a sanitary belt when she showed signs of impending puberty.

"Miss Christine," she responded in a small girlish voice, remembering to address her new domme with the proper respect, "this is my heavy day, my second day, and I guess I should have worn a pad or a liner to back up the tampon."

"For how long had it been inside?" Christine persisted, in a very demanding way.

"Oh, probably since lunchtime," Dorothy answered plainly.

"You should know that on a heavy day especially, you need to change every two hours or so," Christine snapped.

"Yes, Miss Christine, I realize that now," Dorothy said in a confessional tone. "I know that I've tended to be a bit sloppy about myself until recently because I was without any sex life for so long."

"You have been behaving like a careless teen," Chris stated bluntly. "What size tampon was that, anyway? It looked quite small for a heavy day."

Blushing furiously, although given how long and how deeply Christine's inquiry had proceeded, Dorothy might well have been acclimated to discussing her personal menstrual situation by now, Dorothy managed to stammer, "I use Tampax slender regulars."

Christine was enjoying the direction this was taking. Once they had ventured into so private an area as Dorothy's period, she figured, her domination would proceed quite expeditiously.

"You obviously need to change your tampon more frequently," she prescribed, "and I'm going to have you use at least a Super for the next day or two," she added. "You will stop by my place before and after school so I can inspect you and see that you are using the proper protection."

Dorothy by now was both red-faced and cringing from sheer humiliation, which had overtaken both shame and embarrassment in her continuum of abject submission.

"Yes, Miss Christine," she answered with some thought. "I'm very appreciative of the care you are giving me despite my ... misbehavior."

She was only slightly surprised when Chris opened her purse and after combing through its contents, pulled out a Tampax which had on its wrapper the tell-tale yellow lettering of the Super absorbency.

But Dorothy was still taken aback, though she was wise enough to remain calm, when Christine bent forward and quietly ordered the submissive teacher to hold her pussy lips apart so that Chris might insert the Super tampon.

"Oh, Miss Christine, thank you," Dorothy gurgled, "but please, I haven't had such a big one in there for a long time, so let's go...slow, please, miss."

Christine enjoyed the delightful girlish pleading and chuckled to herself that Dorothy must've been quite something when her still-new boyfriend, Ken, whom Chris had known in high school, first got into Dorothy's filmy panties and stuck his cock into her long-unused love channel.

Chris carefully pulled the thin string to open the Tampax wrapper, then grasped the applicator, aimed it just inside Dorothy's held-open labia, and expertly propelled it just the right length into Dorothy's warm and bleeding vagina. She took a few sheets of toilet paper, wet them in the sink tap, and calmly cleaned the dried blood from Dorothy's labia and from around her pussy.

"I hope you manage to attend to your period more successfully from now on," Christine said in her strongest teacher's voice, "so that I don't need to change your tampon during your inspections at my house in front of my sister and brother-in-law."

Dorothy blanched at the thought of this intimate act being witnessed by Christine's family members and in her small voice pleaded for her domme to trust her that that would not be necessary.

"Dorothy," Christine now lectured by way of summing up the situation, "you clearly have been very careless and childish in your personal hygiene. Not only did I find shitty skidmarks on your drawers as well as pee stains, but you obviously haven't been in the habit of attending to your menstrual cleanliness. If I know Ken—and I recall him a year ahead of me in high school having his pick of the most attractive girls—he would not be pleased with a girlfriend he intends to wed who cares so little for cleanliness in her most intimate places."

Now she smiled at her sub, knowing that the effective domme always keeps changing her tone to make sure the sub is off-balance and to instill affection and eventually worship in her mind.

"You will need to let me know what is happening with that relationship, of course," she said in a rather matter-of-fact kind of way. "For example," Chris said very plainly, intending to shock the submissive Dorothy a bit, "when did you and Ken last screw?"

Dorothy responded as expected, with a quick reddening of her face, but retained enough presence to respond, "We made love three nights ago, Miss Christine. He's a lovely man and you've made me realize that I've been very negligent in my personal hygiene, something I intend to rectify, for you and for him."

"Do you use protection when you fuck?" Christine said, as if she hadn't heard Dorothy's confession.

"Uh, yes," Dorothy said, "he puts a condom on because I'm just back on the pill just now."

"Very good," Christine commended her with a smile. "I'm glad that was the case, not because I'm worried about your getting pregnant, but because otherwise I suspect I would have found cum stains in those nasty panties of yours."

This cutting remark did make Dorothy come close to shedding a tear of embarrassment.

"Oh, Miss Christine," she almost wailed, "I'm very grateful to you for taking charge of me and I can promise you that you will find a very clean woman when you next inspect me."

Chris understood from that admission that Dorothy was now well initiated into her subservient role and that she could readily be brought home, not just for inspections, even public ones if Chris felt that was in order, but for some inclusion in the domination activities with Susie and Jim, as well as the sex.

***

After hearing Christine relate the account of her initial panty inspection and toilet control of the submissive teacher, Susie let out a gasp of both excitement and fear.

"Wow, Sis," she said with much deference, "you are such a cool dominant, isn't she, Jim?"

Jim had been sufficiently typical of his sex to be embarrassed when Christine had described the intimate supervision Christine had employed with regard to Dorothy's period. He did enjoy having sex with Susie when she was "on" but that didn't extend to discussing such matters openly—even with his wife.

Susie's need for embarrassment and even humiliation had proceeded to a higher plane, though, and she felt an itch in her pussy as she exuded juices stimulated by Chris's graphic account of her dominance of Dorothy.

"I guess you will be inspecting me again, Miss Christine," she said in an almost playful way.

Christine's face brightened as she saw how Susie was coming along so well as a true sub.

"Yes, Susie," she answered with a note of strictness in her voice, "do stand up and lift your skirt for me. Then pull down those panties for your inspection."

Susie duly complied with what previously would have been seen as a horridly shaming order and bent over, exposing her cute buttocks to Chris and Jim, with her pouchy vulva peeking out between her slightly spread legs.

Christine moved behind her to view the lowered panty crotch quickly, seeing that it was quite unstained and even clean after a long day at work for Susie. Then she told Susie to hold her labia apart and Chris looked into the pink folds of Susie's vulva. Satisfied by what appeared to be a clean cunt, she moved back behind her sister, who was still bent over in her embarrassing stance.

Now Chris wet her finger and slowly inserted it into Susie's tiny anal rosette. Susie let out a small cry but suppressed any more reaction. Soon Chris, who had pressed her finger quite deeply into Susie's rectum, withdrew the finger and brought it to her face. She immediately smelled the result.

"Susie," she said sharply, walking back in front of her now-shame-faced younger sister, "you will in future make sure you are clean inside and out. Look at this brown smudge on my finger."

The statement and order shocked Susie, as she saw the traces of her own shit on Chris's extended finger.

"Oh Miss Christine," she said with a cry, "I will do just what you said. I'm sorry for soiling your finger."

"You will indeed, Susan," Christine intoned. "I wouldn't want to have to schedule you for a nightly enema session to clean your naughty insides. And you should know," she added, looking straight at Jim, "that girls with dirty bottoms will not be allowed to have sex, even assuming that their husbands would want them in bed with them, knowing that they failed to keep themselves clean down there."

Christine Takes Charge Ch. 05
bycynthiablaine7©

[Readers of previous chapters will enjoy this story the most because the action is continuous. Those offended by bodily functions, especially relating to menstruation, should read no further. Also, while the chapter focuses mostly on fetishistic behaviors as well as humiliation, there is some caning, and readers need to be prepared for and accepting of that aspect of the story.]




Despite realizing at some level that she would likely have to report to Christine's home for her next intimate inspection, Dorothy was surprised when she received a telephone call from her domme early the next day directing her to report before going to her job teaching in the next classroom from Christine.

The fortyish teacher had sought to brighten her appearance—characterized, alas, by her seeming reliance on deafeningly plain attire—by donning a more festive orange top and a sweet-looking tweed skirt, which was shorter than her usual midis. Dorothy also put on new tights that were a light shade that accentuated the nice shape of her legs. She was planning on getting a better haircut soon, too, to accentuate some natural highlights.

When she appeared at the door, having rung the bell, Susie opened the door and Dorothy was fearful for a moment, until Christine's younger sister and sub welcomed her and asked if she would like some coffee.

"I'd better wait until Miss Christine says I'm acceptable," Dorothy said in a hushed tone that Susie resisted smiling at hearing.

Susie escorted the guest into the breakfast area where her husband Jim and Christine were having a pleasant breakfast.

"Good morning, Dorothy," Christine said warmly. "So nice to see you on time and looking so...well put together."

Dorothy smiled in return and hoped this meant she would be on better footing with her demanding new domme today.

"Now Dorothy, you probably are aware that Susie and Jim here also have asked me to be in charge of them, so you shouldn't be at all shy at our discussing personal matters with them present," Christine stated in a rather bland voice.

"I think we will proceed to your inspection," Chris added, almost as an after-thought. "So please lift that skirt for me and pull your panties down," she ordered, adding, "You should be familiar with this by now."

The submissive teacher still got red in the face but complied with the directions, as all three stared at her pudenda now on view, featuring a very hairy mons veneris that all but obscured Dorothy's thin labia. Dorothy also possessed a somewhat inflated stomach that attested to her entering her 40s.

Christine stood and walked in front of her to examine her panty crotch.

"Oh, good, dear, your panties are still clean," she exulted, "as well they should be this early in the day or at any time, for that matter."

She then placed a small cloth in the crotch of the lowered undies to protect the panties and proceeded to surprise Dorothy once more by reaching for the tampon string dangling from Dorothy's vagina and tugging on it until a somewhat brownish-red tampon emerged.

"Ah, yes, Dorothy, I see that you made sure to keep using Supers. Very good," Christine intoned, as Susie tried to keep a straight face and Jim looked away, although he remained fascinated by this rather blatant display of a woman's most private area and bodily function.

Chris then reached right through Dorothy's legs, spread as they were to keep her panties from falling below her knees, and softly inserted her finger in Dorothy's hidden anal rosebud. Dorothy managed not to cry out, more from the shock than the hurt.

But when Christine withdrew her index finger and brought it to her eyes, she saw another tell-tale brown smudge.

"Dorothy, dear, you do need to clean yourself inside and out, as I told you," she said. "I expect you to give yourself an enema each day for the next week or so until you get used to being clean in there."

Dorothy was distraught at being so humiliated in front of the others but she gritted her teeth and responded that she would do what Christine had directed.

Chris now took a new Super Tampax and again, as she had the day before, skillfully slid it into Dorothy's vagina at just the right place.

Then she told Dorothy that as a minor punishment, she would be "double-Tammed" for the day, meaning that a similar tampon would be inserted into Dorothy's anal opening and the two strings—vaginal and rectal—would be tied together, to be removed when necessary and then new ones re-inserted for the rest of the day.

Dorothy cringed at the punishment and even more at being so further humiliated in front of Susie and Jim. She held her breath when Chris went behind her and told her to bend over and hold her cheeks apart for the anal insertion. Chris capably inserted another Super Tampax and neatly tied the two strings together between Dorothy's spread legs.

Having tied the two white tampon strings beneath Dorothy's crotch, Christine looked her in the eye and added one more condition she knew would likely reduce Dorothy to the level Chris had envisioned: "Dorothy, my dear, I do have one more little rule for girls who are double-tammed, as you will be today. You will go without panties for the day until you come home."

Dorothy cringed but managed to avoid either crying or complaining, much less protesting the humiliating order. She carefully lowered her panties from her knees, where they had been, to her shoes and took them off, placing the white hicuts in her handbag. Finally, she managed to blurt out, "Yes, Miss Christine, I understand your order."

Susie took note not only of Chris's seemingly intense inspection of this submissive teacher, but of that embarrassing order to spend the day without the protection of panties. She worried all the more about what humiliation she was likely to experience in a few days when her menstrual period arrived.

Christine decided that Dorothy deserved to see someone else be a tad embarrassed so she then remarked that it was time for her to complete the "necessary insertions" for Susie and Jim for the day. Both were surprised, as shown by the blank looks on their faces.

"Don't just stand there, you two," Christine declared, becoming slightly annoyed at this early sign of resistance, "I want to see Susie's panties down, and Jim's undershorts, and bend over and spread those cheeks for me, NOW!"

Susie rapidly pulled down her little pink undies and Jim less speedily lowered his boxers. Then both bent forward, leaning on their chairs, and held their bottom cheeks open in the humiliating fashion the dominatrix had required.

Christine then reached into her handbag and extracted two slightly larger buttplugs than the pair had worn the previous day. She applied some lube and softly inserted each into the two anal cavities.

"By the end of the week you two will have completed your initial anal preparation," Chris stated. "Dorothy, don't get too pleased with yourself because this will be on your program soon, too."

Everyone now realized it was time to get ready for work.

***

It was time for evening inspection and the weekly review—Christine had also directed Dorothy to appear at the house to join Susie and Jim. The three had been instructed that Christine wished them to be waiting for her arrival, with skirts up and panties at the knees for the women, and for Jim to have his trousers down and undershorts at the knees. Then all were to bend over and keep their legs well apart so that Chris would see three bare bottoms greeting her as she arrived.

To her, this posture was a pleasant reminder of the "bare-bottom report" some of her teachers had used when she had been at a rather severe academy for one of her school years. A pupil placed on that report for receiving a failing grade in Conduct had to present her bare bottom at the end of each class to the teacher, who would decide what grade to enter for the pupil's behavior during the class and might also choose to chastise the bare bottom if the grade was a failing one.

Chris arrived, only a few moments after Susie and Jim. Fellow teacher Dorothy, who had been given a key, made sure she was at the house well in advance of her dominatrix. As Jim was lowering trousers and shorts, he suddenly had a sinking feeling.

He had needed to move his bowels that afternoon and taking a minute from the construction job he was on, he had removed the buttplug, washed it, but after doing his business in the portapotty, had neglected to re-insert the plug, which he did find most annoying. Now he would have his bottom staring at Christine with the plug missing.

Chris appeared and took in the three bare bottoms, all showing faint tramlines from the canings she had administered in the previous days.

"No buttplug, Jim," she immediately observed. "Explanation?"

Shamefacedly, Jim said in a low voice that he had forgotten to replace it after using the toilet.

"That earns you three naughty marks, Jim," Christine immediately snapped.

She then stepped behind her younger sister and reached down to run her finger from Susie's cute anal rosebud right through her legs to her aroused clit. Susie was nervous, but also excited. When Chris felt some wetness emanating from Susie's vagina, she commented, "This seems to excite you, sweetie. You do have to learn to remain controlled during inspection. I'll give you only one naughty mark for that."

Finally, Dorothy's more substantial bottom beckoned Christine's attention. She saw that Dorothy still was "double-tammed"—with the two strings from the tampons in her vagina and anus neatly tied beneath her furrow.

"I assume your day was all right, Dorothy," Chris continued, in a light tone, "because I did hear some laughter coming from your classroom next door after lunch."

Dorothy managed to suppress a groan, but did respond in a small voice, "Oh, Miss Christine, I had hoped you wouldn't hear that episode. Yes, the pupils laughed—and it was at me."

It did seem to everyone that Dorothy was about to lose it.

"You see, Miss Christine," Dorothy somehow managed to say, "I dropped my book and bent over to pick it up and the students in the front row got a glimpse of my...privates, since you had made me go without...my panties. They started giggling and whispering to each other. I heard one girl say quite loudly to her friend, 'Can you believe that Miss Drake came to school without panties? And did you see—she had two tampon stringstied under her slit—she must have a plug in her ass?' It was quite shaming for me, Miss Christine."

Chris was somewhat sympathetic to the embarrassment Dorothy had suffered that day. And she did really hope that Dorothy's position as a teacher had not been put in jeopardy.

"Dorothy, you've held up well under very severe discipline, and I'm sorry if this causes you any continuing problems," Christine declared. "I'm taking that into consideration and giving you two merit marks so you will have those there should you earn any naughty marks in future."

"Now all three of you, please hand my your Conduct books for review," Christine ordered in her now-standard dominant voice. Jim, Susie, and Dorothy found the little notebooks in their clothes and handed them over.

Chris examined each and saw that all naughty marks and comments had been duly entered. She proceeded to enter the marks she had just awarded to each in their respective books.

"Now, Jim," she said, "you have a total of five naughty marks this week. I expect you to behave better next time but you have earned a caning. Bend over the end of the couch."

Jim look a bit abashed but did as he was told. Chris stood behind him, retrieved her thin can be from her handbag, and lay it across his lean but muscular bottom. Then she drew it back and flicked it twice on the center of his bottom. He cried out but held position, and Chris paused to let the two strokes sink in. Then she drew the thin cane back again, flicked it to hit the crease where his bottom met his thighs, knowing this was probably the most painful place to cane anyone.

He could not repress a scream this time and Chris smiled, knowing he could not see her face. She felt empowered that she was getting through to her brother-in-law, who although a nice man, did need to be taken down a peg or two. She drew the little cane back once more and delivered two quick strokes that criss-crossed the original two, causing Jim to scream once again from the pain resulting from the strokes crossing the tramlines caused by the first two strokes.

She then told Jim he could recover his shorts and trousers, and that he could rub his bottom if he thought that would help.

Susie was now distraught at the pain her husband had endured and she was worried about what she might get as punishment for her one naughty mark. Christine decided that a modest does of humiliation was in order for her sister, so she told her to take off her panties altogether. Then she told her to get down on her knees in front of Dorothy, remove both of Dorothy's tampons with her teeth, and bring Dorothy to orgasm orally.

The younger woman winced at the humiliating order but slowly pulled her panties down and off. Then she moved to stand in front of Dorothy and knelt between Dorothy's spread legs. She got the tied tampon strings under Dorothy's crotch in her teeth and pulled until both popped out. The one that had been in Dorothy's vagina was quite soaked and dropped on Susie's face, leaving splashes of Dorothy's menstrual blood on her cheeks. The tampon that plopped out of Dorothy's anal opening had some major smudges of shit on the business end, which also was soft enough to smear on Susie's warm face cheeks. Susie kept on licking Dorothy's furrow, from her small but hard little clit right down her labia and through to her somewhat gamy anal area.

Chris then told all three to follow her to the bedroom, in whatever state of dress they remained. Once there she told Susie and Jim that they had her permission to engage in sexual intercourse, but that they needed to get it on right then in front of both Christine and Dorothy.

Susie looked somewhat perturbed about Dorothy's witnessing this intimate act between Susie and her husband but decided it was far better than being spanked or caned by her older sister. She unhooked her bra and unzipped her skirt and lay back on the bed.

Susie had a nice, lean frame and was slightly built in a cute way. She displayed a neatly-trimmed, auburn-haired bush. Jim needed no help from her in attaining a major erection, but he bent between his wife's open legs to lubricate her vulva with his tongue. He licked her intently and teased her rising clit with the end of his tongue until she heard herself pleading with him to "put it in, darling, please put it in now!"

Christine told Jim he had to insert only the head of his cock in Susie's sopping vagina. Both looked crestfallen, especially when Chris reached down and grasped Jim's penis in her hand and gripped it below the glans to make sure only the head pressed into Susie's darling cunt.

Dorothy dared to risk punishment by whispering to Chris that maybe it would be nicer of her to let her sister and brother-in-law fuck without the limited entry restriction.

Christine looked askance at Dorothy's intrusion, told her she had earned a naughty mark, but removed her hand from her brother-in-law's stiff cock and told him he could go ahead and give his wife an honest-to-goodness fucking.

Jim was gleeful at the boon she had granted and smiled over at Dorothy who grinned back when she was sure Christine was not looking at her. The sturdily-built contract construction worker proceeded to piston his nicely-sized eight-incher in and out of Susie's delightful vaginal opening until she showed all the signs of impending orgasm.

With a last plunge into her love channel, Jim felt his cock eject a large load of spunk that soared up Susie's vagina as she began to tremble as she achieved her own massive orgasm just as Jim propelled his cum into her.

Christine Takes Charge Ch. 06
bycynthiablaine7©

Christine found that she was truly enjoying her new dominant situation which featured her taking control of the lives of her younger sister Susie and her husband Jim, as well as Chris's teaching colleague at the high school, Dorothy. She found that she had been easily able to introduce them to increasingly embarrassing humiliations beyond the usual spankings.

Since Christine had long realized that she was bi, even back when her late husband Harold had initiated her into kinky stuff, she also was fond of engaging in dominant sex with both Susan and Dorothy, as well as taking advantage of Jim's availability when she felt the need for a male organ in her vagina.

Life in the family house, which Susie and Chris had inherited when their parents perished in a car crash, proceeded apace, as Susie and Jim became more and more subservient to the older sister's desires and moods. Late at night in their marital bed, Jim would admit to Susie that he was turned on by their both submitting to Susie's older sister. He told Susie he would always love her so neither of them should feel compromised by their sexual involvements with Christine.

"I'm actually both surprised and pleased," Susie confessed to her husband. "I never thought we would be so thrilled by allowing Chris to take charge of us the way she has. But I find that when she makes me wear a butt plug, for example, the insertion seems to strike a nerve right in my cunt, darling. It just makes me all the more ready for you to give me a right royal fucking."

Jim grinned and said he never would have expected that he would submit to any woman as he had to Christine.

"But Suze," he said, "it doesn't challenge my manhood. And the fact that she likes to have sex with me—and with you—makes the whole thing, well, a family affair!"

They both had had some doubts about Dorothy's being included in the ménage. In some ways they felt a bit superior to the single teacher, especially since Christine had emphasized to Dorothy in their presence that her cleanliness needed to be improved.

"I don't think she still bothers to wipe herself after she makes doody," Susie chuckled as she chatted in bed with her husband.

"We're lucky that we don't get on Christine's bad side too much," Jim responded. "Can you imagine what it might be like if she made us lick Dorothy's crusty asshole?"

Susie held her nose and giggled. She tried not to think too hard about such a horrid prospect. Suddenly her mind was filled with a vision of Dorothy's removing a soaked dripping tampon.

***

Meanwhile, Dorothy had a surprise of her own for Christine, as well as Susie and Jim. Her beau, Ken, had proposed to her after making love to her that night in her bedroom, and Dorothy, overwhelmed with love for this delightful, handsome man who seemed enraptured with her, had accepted. She had been quite afraid of having to describe her submissive relationship with Christine to him.

But Ken had only smiled and said that he understood; after all, he added, he had dated Chris in high school and she had been a hot little number even back then.

The next morning Dorothy reported to Christine at the family home for morning inspection. She ignominiously pulled down her pale blue hicut panties as she lifted her all-too-short plaid pleated skirt and felt still quite juvenile.

Chris glanced at her panties and saw Dorothy had bothered to keep them spotless as well as wipe her crack all the way through thoroughly. She smiled and advised Dorothy she could pull her drawers back up and get ready to go to the high school with Christine.

"There's one more thing, Miss Christine," Dorothy said, with a tremor in her voice. "I wanted you to be the first to know that Ken proposed to me and I have accepted. We plan to be married fairly soon."

Realizing that she might lose her sub rather suddenly, Chris kept her composure and smiled at Dorothy.

"I'm so pleased for you, darling," she said, with true emotion. "I guess you will have to decide whether you wish to remain in any part of this relationship once you are married."

"I guess...I guess, Miss Christine," Dorothy said with a stammer brought on by her fear of incurring her mistress's wrath, "that that will depend on how Ken and I feel once we marry."

After they got into Chris's charming little Jaguar XJ for the ride to the teacher's parking lot at the high school, Chris turned to Dorothy, buckled into the passenger seat, and said, much more sternly, "As your dominant, at least until your wedding, I hope you understand that I intend to exercise certain privileges that go with my position."

Dorothy seemed confused so Chris decided to lay it on her quickly. It was quick thinking on the domme's part, for Chris had remembered that a dominant woman from whom she had learned much of her technique had imparted a key lesson to her.

This lady, and she surely was a lady, had told Christine that dominants frequently had to deal with subs, especially female subs, who would get into hetero relationships, including marriage. Yes, it could break up the dom/sub relationship, but there was one clear compensation traditionally exercised.

Maureen had explained to Chris that in the 17th century, in return for noblemen granting permission for their underlings, known as vassals, to marry, the nobleman was given a very special gift: he would have the opportunity to have sex with the vassal's bride before the marriage would be performed. This privilege was known as the [ital] droit de seigneur [end ital], and forms the basis of the plot of Beaumarchais's play, The Marriage of Figaro, which was itself the source of the story for one of Mozart's most famous operas of the same name.

In the same way, Maureen had explained to Christine, a dominant of either sex should receive the same dispensation from a sub wishing to marry. So Chris proceeded to explain this to Dorothy.

"Dominants traditionally have been given this right, Dorothy," Christine intoned, "so I hope you see that it is most appropriate for you to provide this as a gift to me on this happy occasion."

Dorothy was used to being part of the sexual as well as the disciplinary program at Chris and Susie's house. But to involve her husband-to-be in this ménage seemed to present a problem for her.

"Miss Christine," she responded, "I know I want to obey you, but this seems a bit strange. And I do know that you knew Ken when you both were in high school...."

"Yes, Dorothy," Christine responded, in a warm tone, "I knew Ken and we even went out then. And now he's made a success of himself and I couldn't be happier for you that you will be married to him. But I didn't love him then and I certainly wouldn't be interested in him or in interfering with your relationship now. However, you have enjoyed my dominance and this is part of it. You will also have to decide whether to continue once you are married."

Dorothy relaxed at Chris's assurances and said she would definitely take this up with Ken.

"I hope he is willing to oblige me," Dorothy said, "because for or marriage to work he will need to be aware of these needs of mine."

Christine nodded and felt Dorothy was game.

"Dorothy," she went on, "this will be a true test of your trust—in both Ken and in me. You will not be present but you will have to recognize that this is part of your need to be dominated. How, by the way, do you think Ken feels about any or all of this? I assume you two have discussed it."

"Yes, we have, Miss Christine," Dorothy answered. "Ken was surprised when I described the relationship you and I have, but I think he was very pleased about it. I think, Miss, that he has always been stuck on you and would likely be willing to be submissive to you too."

Chris felt her panties getting wet as she heard that this handsome man to whom she had given short shrift when they both were in high school still harbored strong warm feelings toward her. She looked forward not only to her exercising her privilege as mistress but to dealing with both Dorothy and Ken as a submissive couple.

"We do need to get to school, Dorothy," Chris responded, "but first you will oblige me with some quick personal service."

With that, she flipped up her skirt, pulled down her panties, and lay back on the couch, beckoning Dorothy with her finger to crawl between the mistress's spread legs and apply her tongue to Chris's burning pudendum.

***

That night, after dinner, Ken paid a visit with Dorothy to see Christine. The tall, handsome man smiled as Christine opened the door, dressed in a slightly severe white blouse with grey flannel skirt.

"It's good to see you again, Chris," he said as she invited them both inside.

Christine smiled at Ken and remained quiet but finally said with her own smile, "Ken, I have very nice memories of our times together and I'm so happy for you and Dorothy."

This seemed to put Dorothy at ease and Chris went on to explain a few aspects of the situation to Ken, emphasizing that Dorothy's stats as a sub was something she herself desired and had requested.

Ken remembered that despite taking Chris out in high school several times, he had never managed to get even to first base with her on a date, much less get into her pants.

"I understand from Dorothy that there's a role for me in this little relationship," Ken said without emotion.

"Yes, there is," Christine replied. "Dorothy has agreed as my submissive that I should be given an opportunity to enjoy you for myself as a recognition from her of our relationship. Whether that relationship continues is, of course, is up to her and to you."

"Since it sounds quite pleasurable from my point of view," Ken grinned, "I think I'm up for this. I'll be honest, Chris, that I always liked you a lot even though now you surely appreciate that my heart belongs to my love here."

Dorothy smiled contentedly as she was hoping this would work out so she could continue to have both her mistress and her husband-to-be.

"Very well, Ken," Christine declared, "as you know, your allowing me to enjoy you in an intimate way is a recognition by Dorothy of my position as her domme. After this, of course, you two will be married and will decide if you wish to continue her or your relationship with me."

Christine thought to herself that she would be amazed if Ken, after enjoying her favors, would want to deprive himself of the chance to have more such encounters.

"Are you ready, Dorothy, for this to happen?" Chris asked her sub in a rather patronizing tone.

"I am, Miss Christine," Dorothy said in a little girl voice. "I respect you so much and I think Ken understands that this is part of that."

Chris gave Dorothy a signal that it was time for her to join Susie and Jim while Chris continued with Ken. Dorothy then got up and smiling at Ken, quietly left the room.

"It's been a long time, Ken," Chris said with a broad smile.

"It has, Chris," Ken responded with a happy look. "You never did let me into your panties back then."

Chris colored for a second at his comment, but answered, "No, I was different then. Dorothy has probably told you of my more recent interests that arose from my marriage to my late husband."

Ken sighed and managed to say, "Yes, Chris, I'm so sorry about your loss."

"I feel quite good about everything, Ken, and I'm also very pleased that you are successful," Chris answered. "Can you appreciate what a wonderful woman Dorothy is and why she has felt the need for the kind of relationship she and I share?"

"Dorothy is a fantastic woman whom I adore," Ken said coolly. "So what happens between us now?"

Christine stood and took Ken's hand, leading him out of the front room up the stairs to her own well-appointed bedroom.

When they arrived and Ken was still gaping at the lovely furnishing she had installed in the large room, she began to help him remove his jacket and undo his tie.

He proceeded to unbutton his shirt, take it off, and unbuckle his belt, letting his trousers fall, which exposed a full pair of blue boxer shorts. Ken was not at all shy and slipped off her t-shirt and lowered the boxers, stepping out of them. He finally untied his shoes and slipped them and his dark socks off.

While he was undressing, Chris had unbuttoned her blouse, unzipped her grey flannel skirt, and taken both off, leaving her in a pale blue bra and panties set, with thigh-hi sheer seamed hose and her burgundy pumps.

Ken let out a deep breath as he contemplated her fine figure, accentuated by the clearly fine lingerie.

Chris pointed to the bed and had him lie down on his back. She sat down on the bed and began to use her fingers on his exposed cock and balls. His member quickly grew to stick up straight—it looked to be quite long and full, at least seven inches.

Chris then unhooked her bra, releasing her firm 34Bs and then slid her lovely panties down and off, so that as she climbed over Ken to position herself above him, he was looking right into her red-haired split as it lowered down onto his face and he realized he was expected to start licking her.

Feeling his tongue lave her labia and graze the tip of her now risen clit, Chris began to move her hips and licked her fingers to softly caress his firm protruding tool.

He seemed quite adept at using his tongue on her pussy and she responded by moving her hips hard as she neared an early strong orgasm. Chris was a squirter and Ken enjoyed the sweet juices that now ran into his open mouth as he continued to lick her now-sensitized labia and clit after her orgasm.

Chris managed to move off him and stand next to the bed.

"You have done very nicely. I hope you are not afraid of a bit of discipline, sweetie," she said with a broad grin. "Because then you will get your reward."

She helped Ken grasp his calves and hold them in the air, exposing his white muscular bottom and his hanging scrotal sac.

"We call this diaper position because it can be used to put someone who has been naughty or babyish into a diaper for punishment," Chris said more sternly. "For now, though, you will just feel a bit of my thin cane."

She picked up the implement and laid it across his exposed bottom as he flinched at the touch.

She drew the cane back and flicked it twice quickly with her wrist, applying two stinging but light strokes to his lower bottom, barely avoiding stinging his sensitive scrotum.

Ken blanched and somehow managed to suppress what might have been a scream of pain also accentuated by the surprise of his being castigated for probably the first time ever.

Chris smiled at his ability to withstand the obvious pain she was inflicting and flicked her wrist twice more, applying two crisp strokes further up on his bottom.

This time, Ken let out a small scream and Chris made a face as if to tell him he had better try harder to avoid making noise.

But now she laid the cane again on his already striped bottom and flicked the light implement twice more quickly to make cross strokes on his bottom.

He could not keep from shouting out as the stinging stroke hit the already sore places visited earlier by the kisses of the thin cane.

Chris smiled to him and said he had done well for a neophyte. She reached into her night table's drawer and brought out a tube of cream which she put on her fingertips and softly applied to the tramlines on Ken's bottom.

He groaned and then smiled as he felt the relief to his scorched cheeks.

"Now you will get your reward," she said with a very wide smile. She climbed back atop him on the bed after lowering his legs so he was on his back. Then she carefully positioned herself so her wet pussy was directly over his cock as she lowered herself, facing him onto his tool and slowly allowed it to slide inside her.

Ken now experienced the only slightly reduced intensity of the fire on his buttocks matched by the scorching heat his member was experiencing inside Christine's very wet and tight cunt.

Chris enjoyed the feeling of being filled by his large tool, and she lightly moved her torso up and down so that his cock slipped in and out of her widening opening but was gripped by her inner vaginal muscles when it penetrated fully into her.

Despite being on his back, a position Ken was definitely unused to insofar as screwing was concerned, he felt his pleasure soaring and he knew he would be ready to explode inside her hot tunnel very very soon.

"Chris, darling," he managed to utter, "you are so hot that I think I'm going to cum quite soon."

Christine grinned down at Ken as if to acknowledge her demonstrated ability to excite him beyond any idea he had had upon engaging on what had turned out to be a fantastic hook-up for him.

"Go ahead, sweetie," she chuckled. "I want to feel that spurt right up there inside me. I'll then feel I've done right by Dorothy in experiencing your...efforts."

Ken was surprised to find that her assertiveness turned him on even more and he let go of any control he might have had as his cock surged forth its cream in strong pulsations deep inside her tight and seemingly molten vagina.

"Yes, that's nice," Chris said as she felt the spurts inside her. "I'm very happy for Dorothy and you."

Ken was out of breath as he managed to open his eyes and ask Christine, "I guess I didn't wait for you, did I?"

"No, darling," Chris purred, "you were a bad boy. Should you continue to see me with Dorothy, you would have earned some punishment for that, but right now, you can lick me again, and also enjoy tasting your cum with my...secretions."

It was even more of a shock to Ken when her mention of his being punished did what he might have thought unlikely if not impossible. He was very very hard again, already.

"I see that prospect excites you," Chris grinned. "Let's see if you can get me off."

She raised herself off him, lay next to him on the wide bed, spread her legs, and motioned to him to get between them and plug her needy pussy with his renewed hard cock.

As he followed her lead and plunged his member deep into her still roiling depths, she felt him put his hands under her bottom cheeks. Now she was being held as she loved, in a way that often led to her experiencing truly mind-blowing orgasms. And indeed, he fucked her for no more than a minute or two when she went into heavenly bliss, enjoying a deep, lingering orgasm that stretched her consciousness.

Chris smiled up at her lover as she emerged from her ecstasy.

"Do I detect possibly some interest on your part of our continuing a relationship once you and Dorothy are legal?" she asked with a sly grin. "I will warn you that if Dorothy hasn't already made it clear to you, I can be a mean bitch of a domme when I'm in the mood."

Ken didn't stop long to think about his answer. It was virtually automatic.

"Chris, or should I start calling you Miss Christine?" he said with a trace of a smile, but only a trace, "I loved you when I first saw you here in high school and I feel even more in love with you now, not at all in the way I am entranced and passionately thrilled with Dorothy, so, yes, I will submit to any and all of your dominant behaviors and hope that you will accept me."

"I'm delighted to hear that," Chris managed to say calmly as Ken rolled off her and lay next to her, holding her in his arm. "There will be times when you may regret this decision, because do not think for a moment that I intend to get in the way of Dorothy and you enjoying a wonderful marriage. Regard tonight as a special gift to me and for you, too. You will likely be regarding me as a royal bitch on wheels when next we meet. But be assured that there will be pleasure in this for you as well as for Dorothy."

Then she sat up, stood next to the bed, reached into her dresser, and held out a medium-sized pair of pink panties.

"Yes, darling," she said with a new firmness in her tone, "you will be wearing these for me now so that Dorothy can learn that you have made the commitment to serve—both her and me."

