Coming Home to Puppy
byLolaKink87©

She puts the key in the front door and turns the lock. As she opens the door to her home she is pleased to find her puppy waiting for her at the door. He is as she expected him when she came home from work. Completely naked except for his collar, his cock erect and pulsating waiting for her touch. She pats his head and says "good puppy" and walks past him. She does not have to look behind her to know that her obedient puppy is following here every step as she walks into the kitchen, it is time for puppy's treat.

She climbs onto the counters in the kitchen and spreads her legs slowly apart making puppy wait for his treat. She is not wearing any underwear and her vagina is silky smooth as always. As she spreads her legs she watches puppy get into the position that he is required to be in to receive his treat. He is on his knees, his hard dick in a special hole that was made in the cabinets for this purpose, his tongue out and ready for when she gives him the signal. She spreads her legs far apart so that he can see her, she touches her clit with a finger and then slides it down her slit and back up to her clit once again. She can see her puppy is ready because he is thrusting as far as he is allowed to into his special hole. She snaps her finger, the signal, and puppy does not hesitate to lick her the way that she has taught him to do.

She feels him start with his tongue on her hared clitoris teasing her and causing her to moan, he then moves extremely slowly down to her opening. When he gets to her slit he opens it slowly with his tongue and slides his tongue in deeply. She feels the ecstasy of his tongue entering her cunt and her moans escalate. As he tongue fucks her hard and fast as he has been trained, she starts writhing, becoming extremely close to her first orgasm of the night.

She orders her puppy to cum and he begins to shudder, he cums in his special hole and the effects of his cumming brings her to orgasm. She screams out but he does not stop tongue fucking her until she orders him to. As she comes down from her orgasm she smiles to her puppy and says "down", instantly puppy stops lays on the floor.

She gets down off of the counter, bends down opening the cabinet and pulls out the canister that is attached to puppy's special hole. She pours the cum into a special mold and places the mold into the freezer. The container is placed into the dishwasher to be cleaned. She attaches a new canister to puppy's special hole so it is ready for tomorrow.

Looking down she sees puppy laying on the kitchen floor waiting for the next phase. She walks to the bedroom and prepares for the nights enjoyment. "Puppy" she calls and watches as he crawls into the room on all fours, and waits for her instructions.

She looked down at her puppy and remembered fondly how it all started, they were a perfect match from the beginning, and she would not change their relationship for anything. She smiles at puppy and say "up", she watches as puppy on her command crawls to the king sized bed and jumps up onto it. He was easier to train than she had thought he would be, he was so willing to please her, just needing obedience training to know what he was expected to do. She was pleased with him, pleased with the outcome. She watched as he lay there on the bed spread eagle, his cock rock hard for her once again (another part of his training). She stood and admired him for a moment, he was magnificent! She walked to the corner of the bed and cuffed his right wrist to the black leather cuff that was dangling there, she climbed on top of the bed and straddled him for just a moment, her cunt slightly grazing his hard and throbbing cock. His cock jerked at the feel of it but then it was gone and she was cuffing his left wrist. She proceeded to cuff both of his ankles stretching him out before her for pleasure.

She stands at the end of the bed and slowly begins to strip in front of him, first her black blazer hits the floor then the red blouse underneath, slowly she slides her skirt down and is standing before him in only her black and red corset and garter belt with black thigh highs and her high heel shoes. She looks her puppy in the face, notices his throbbing cock with precum on it and the drool trickling out of his mouth, she smirks and crawls onto the bed between his legs, her breasts swaying in the bra as she crawls.

She licks the precum from the tip of his cock and licks her lips with it. She watches him tremble slightly with anticipation of what is to come. She takes the head of his cock into her mouth massaging it with her tongue, hearing moans coming from her puppy. She smiles and licks the head once more. She spits on his cock twice and then takes his entire member into her mouth and holds it there for 10 seconds, she slowly slides it out of her mouth, licks the tip, and then slides back onto his cock this time taking it in and sliding it out in a slow steady rhythm. She can feel his building orgasm and bobs her hear up and down at a faster pace, twisting her head in order to create different sensations. She can hear him panting, his hips are trying to thrust himself deeper into his throat, he is ready and about to let it all go when she stops. She gets up off the bed and leaves the room, leaving him there helpless and sexually frustrated.

She walked into the kitchen and began to fix dinner. She thought of her puppy tied to the bed they shared when he was a good boy. They had been together for five years today and he had come a long way since they the beginning of their relationship when they began experimenting. As she thought about how her puppy's past before she rescued him a tear comes to her eye which she quickly wipes away. He had been violently abused, when not being abused he was neglected in the basement. At the age of twelve his parents abandoned him on the step of a rundown orphanage where he was fostered out many times but never wanted. At eighteen he was thrown out of the orphanage with no money and nowhere to go. He got a job and found a girlfriend however within three months his girlfriend left him and he lost his job. He wandered the streets and begged for money. That is where she had found him, dirty and wary of her. She had invited him to her house for a shower, dinner, and a place to sleep; he accepted her offer after some hesitation. He stayed with her for weeks before he gained the courage to ask her to be his girlfriend, she said yes. That was five years ago but it seemed like the time flew by.

There were many issues that he needed to work through and she helped him by showing him care and love that he had never known. One night he brought up something that he had been looking into on the internet, a D/s relationship. She confessed that she had been interested in one however had not wanted to bring it up due to his past, she was not sure that he would be able to handle it. He smiled and said that she was the only one who had ever shown him love and if it pleased her he would like to become her submissive, she agreed instantly and the next night they began the training, beginning with the small things and building the trust required. She smiled at the memory of how their relationship had grown since that night. She loved her puppy. The punishments were hard for him in the beginning because of the abuse he had endured all his life however within a few weeks he knew that she would not hurt him unless he had disobeyed and deserved it. The abandonment issues that he had took almost two years for them to work through. In the beginning if she left him he would cry silently until she returned, she hated this but they continuously worked together to get him to a point where he could handle her leaving for very short periods of time knowing she would return to him. Gradually the increments of time extended and now she could leave him to go to work and he will miss her but he knows that she is coming back to him after work.

She checks on the dinner, it is just about done. Two minutes later a plate is filled with chicken alfredo as well as puppy's dog bowl. I his water bowl she pours a bit of his favorite wine and pours herself a glass as well. After setting the table she walks back to the bedroom to see her puppy moving his hips, his erection still as hard as when she left it, he was whimpering as well.

"Would puppy like a release before dinner?" she asked her puppy.

"Yes, please Mistress" he managed to whimper out.

She walked over to the bed where her puppy was tied and straddled him, hovering just above his throbbing member. She could see the precum that had rolled down it, this wouldn't take long she thought to herself. She slowly slid her wet cunt down onto the tip of his cock hearing him moan she slammed her body down on top of him and almost instantly he was pulsating and cumming inside of her. She smiled at her puppy's pleasure and when he was done she slid from his shrinking member and move to where his head was and told him to eat his appetizer until she said to stop and to make sure that he cleaned every drop of his cum out of her.

He instantly slid his tongue into her slit tasting his cum and her juices combined. She felt his tongue vigorously attacking her cunt hungrily, she grabbed the headboard to keep her balance as she felt her orgasm mounting quickly inside of her. She began to grind he cunt into his face trying to get his tongue deeper inside her. She used one of her hands to stroke her clit bringing herself to the brink of orgasm. He must have sensed her on the edge because he lifted his head and flicked his tongue as deep inside her as it would go. She release her orgasm in a scream and her cum flowed in his mouth and all over his face. She climbed off of him and went to uncuff his hands and feet. She smiled at the sight of him loving the way he looked when covered in her juices.

Once he was releases from his cuffs she took his leash out of the drawer and attached it to his collar and said "come". He got off the bed and was on all fours beside her instantly. She walked him to the bathroom where he was allowed to piss in his special toilet then she walked him to the dining room where the table was set for one and beside her chair was his dish and water bowl. Instead of his normal dinner there was a surprise, his favorite food was awaiting him, he looked in his water bowl and was surprised to see not water but the pink shading of his favorite wine. She watched him as he turned his head and looked at her. She smiled down at him and said "happy anniversary my puppy". She sat at the table and he laid at his dog bowl and after she had taken her first bite he began eating.

She looked down at her puppy so very happy. "Puppy, there is more for you this night of our anniversary, you have pleased me so very much over the past five years, I love you my puppy. Now eat well, you have a long night ahead of you."

She finished her dinner and watched as her puppy cleaned his bowls. She smiled down at him admiring his amazing body. When his bowl was clean she told him to go into the bedroom to where he sleeps until she finished the dishes. She watched his ass as he crawled on all fours back to the bedroom. She washed the dishes and then walked to the bedroom where her puppy was waiting for her in his kennel.

She stripped out of the clothes that she had on and stood naked at the end of the bed right next to his kennel. "Heel" she said and at once he was by her side awaiting instruction. "Up" and he was on the bed. She watched her magnificent puppy with much adoration and love, he truly was the best thing to come into her life and he got a part of her that she did not show to the rest of the world, her secret part.

"I have a surprise for you my puppy" she says as she goes to her purse and pulls out a brown paper bag. She walks to the bed and to her puppy and removes the collar that he is wearing. From the bag she pulled out a package of his favorite treats, tootsie rolls, and a brand new black leather color with 'PUPPY' inscribed in neon green writing. She took off the collar that he was wearing and put it in a drawer, she placed the new collar around his neck and made the adjustments so that it fit him right. She stands back and admires her puppy's in his new collar, she walks over and pats him on the head. "Now to begin our fun night together, lay down on the bed"

She watches her good puppy lay down on the bed, arms and legs spread waiting to be cuffed to the bed. She walks to the side of the bed, "roll over, we are going to try something new tonight." She watches him obey her and roll onto his stomach, his hard dick being hidden by his body. She cuffs his hands to the bed, first the right side and then the left. She tells him to get on his knees but spread them apart. After he is in this position she binds his legs in this position so that he cannot fidget, this is going to be a new experience for her puppy and she is excited to see how he reacts to it.

Once he is bound she takes out her favorite little paddle, the purple one with the black rhinestones spelling out 'MISTRESS' on the back of it. She tested the paddle out with a few smacks on her hand, her puppy looked back at her. "Turn and face the wall, you know not to face me when I am going to paddle you. You, my darling puppy, will be getting five smacks with the paddle on each of your glorious ass cheeks. You will count."

She smacked the right ass cheek one time, "one" her puppy said. The paddle hit the right cheek again and again, "two, three, four, and five." She could hear his voice breaking slightly as the fifth smack was counted off. "Very good puppy," she smacks his left ass cheek, "one" she heard him whimper. Again she spanks him in rapid succession; "two, three, four, five." By the time the paddle hits her puppy's tender ass for the last time she can tell he has silently begun to cry. She moved around to his face and carefully wiped his tears and kissed his lips.

"We are going to do something new tonight, for you to enjoy this as well as for me to enjoy it you will do exactly as your Mistress says, is that understood?" He nodded and she pulled a few things from their treasure box under the bed. She went to the end of the bed and gently patted his sore, sensitive ass. She pinched his ass and like a good boy he didn't make a sound. She reached between his legs and slowly strokes his hard cock. She increases the speed of her strokes slowly until he begins to move his hips along with her rhythm, she stops.

He groans and she pats his ass again with her hand. She kisses each of his sore ass cheeks. "Are you ready for the fun to begin my puppy?" She sees him nod and smiles.

She opened the tube of lubricant that she had gotten from the treasure box, she put a bit on her finger and slowly lubed around her puppy's anus. He jerked as far as he could from the touch. "Easy puppy, this will be a new experience for both of us but you have to trust me, your Mistress will not hurt you." She kisses each ass cheek again and squirts more lube on her finger, she places her finger back at his anus lubing it up good. She get squeezes lube right on to his asshole and spreads some on her fingers, slowly she slides the tip of her index finger inside, letting his virgin asshole get used to the invasion.

When she is sure he is ready she slides her finger deeper into his anus and deeper until her finger is all the way in. She slides it in and out a few times spreading the lubrication to cover the entirety. She slides her index finger out and lubes her middle finger and inserts this into his most secret hole.

She can tell that he is enjoying the feeling, he is moaning quietly and his hips are moving slightly. She puts her index finger and her middle finger together and slides them into him, spreading them apart slowly once they are inside, stretching him out. While her fingers are exploring the insides of his anus she wraps her other hand, which is covered in lube, around his throbbing cock. A loud moan escapes from his lips, "shh puppy" she whispers intimately. She slowly strokes his cock as she strokes his anal cavity at the same rhythm. His hips begin to move and she can tell he is getting very close to needing release.

She removes her fingers from his anus and her hand from his throbbing cock. She stars at his still red ass, his slightly open hole and smiles sweetly. She lubes up one of the two dildos that she had gotten out of the treasure box. It is a small purple dildo, one of her first. She knows this will be hard for her puppy, this being his first time, but she has great faith that he will enjoy it and it will make their relationship stronger. She lubes the dildo up very good so the lube is dripping off it, she also lube up her hand. She begins to stroke the bottom of his shaft. She then presses the head of the dildo against his anal opening slightly.

She presses a little more while continuing to stroke his cock, the head slides into his hole and she hears him gasp and struggle to get away. She doesn't take the dildo from his ass but she does the best she can to soothe him. She continues to stroke his cock and begins to rub his belly, which is what usually calms him when he is agitated. As he begins to calm down she begins to stroke his cock faster, he begins to moan and whimper. "Puppy may cum" she says to him. She strokes him the way that she knows will get her puppy off. She know he is about to cum and she strokes faster, as he begins to cum she thrust the rest of the dildo into his ass. He moans very loudly, she continues to stroke the cum from his cock and once he has finished she rubs his belly and pats his ass.

She slowly begins to slide the dildo in and out of his anus with shallow strokes. He begins to moans and his cock begins to harden again as she strokes the inside of him with her purple dildo. She spanks his ass with her hand as she is fucking him with her dildo. His cock is once again hard and soft moans are whispering from his lips. She spanks his ass again playfully, pushes the dildo as far into him as it will go, and gets off the bed.

Out of the nightstand she pulls out a camera, she snaps pictures of her puppy with his new collar, his hard cock, and the purple dildo in his ass. She walks around taking pictures from many different angles, even taking pictures of his anguished face. She puts the camera down on the nightstand and from the brown paper bag that she placed there earlier she pulls out one of her puppy's treats, unwraps the chocolate tootsie roll, and puts it in her mouth, half of it sticking out of her mouth. She climbs on the bed and crawls to her puppy. She kisses him, easing the tootsie roll into his mouth with her tongue, licking his bottom lip as she pulls away.

"You are a good puppy, now that you have gotten used to the little dildo inside of you we are going to go up in size."

She walks back around to the bottom of the bed, sitting down where she was before she spanks his ass six times on each cheek with her hand, then massages his ass feeling the heat coming from it. She takes a hold of the dildo in her puppy's ass and slides it out slowly, admiring the hole. She licks her lips and picks up the bigger black dildo off of the bed and squeezes an ample amount of lubrication on it. She looks at the hole again and places her hand on his cock stroking it as she slowly slides the black dildo into his anus, allowing time for his muscles to adjust to the bigger girth.

Inch by slow inch the black dildo is slid into his ass, he is moaning and getting very close to another orgasm as she strokes his cock lovingly, making sure this experience is a very enjoyable one for them both. As the dildo enters him completely, filling his hole, she stops stroking his cock receiving a frustrated groan from her puppy. She pats each of his ass cheeks and then gets off the bed. She picks up the purple dildo and walks into the bathroom. She washes the dildo thoroughly and places it on the counter to dry. She is in the middle of washing her hands when...

"Mistress? Mistress!" she hears her puppy call.

She finishes washing her hands and walks back into the bedroom. "What is it that makes you call out without permission?" she asks as she walks to the head of the bed to see his face.

"May puppy cum? Puppy needs to cum badly Mistress."

"No puppy may not cum yet. Puppy must wait until he is given permission, puppy knows this. Mistress shall be right back." She walks towards the bedroom door and out into the hall then down to the kitchen. She gets the cum mold out of the freezer and eases it out. The cum is now in the shape of a large bullet. She bends over and slides the cum bullet as deep into her anus as she can. She shivers once, then heads back to the bedroom.

As soon as she walks into the bedroom she hears her puppy's whimpering. She walks to the head of the bed and sees tears rolling down his face. "Why is my sweet puppy crying?"

"Puppy came without permission."

"Puppy will be punished for this, puppy knows the rules."

She walks to where she had previously gotten out her purple paddle and took out another paddle. This one was covered in black leather and on the back of it burned into the leather were the words "BAD PUPPY". She smacked her hand a few times with it testing it out then walked back to the head of the bed. She could hear her puppy whimpering as she pulled out the treasure chest from under the bed again. She opened it and pulled out her light purple dildo which was larger in girth than the black dildo that her puppy presently had in his ass.

She walked back around to the foot of the bed, she pulled the black dildo out and pushed it back in for a few thrust and then pulled it out completely. She pushed the new lavender dildo into his ass, stretching him even further. She could hear her puppy trying not to moan at the new intrusion. She walked back to the head of the bed so that her puppy could see her face as well as the paddle she held in her hand.

"You now have the lavender dildo shoved into your ass and as you well know this dildo vibrates and has a remote from which I can set the speed of the vibrations. There are seven speed settings and you will be put through each one. You will be paddled for your punishment, you are a bad puppy. You will receive five spanks on each of your ass cheeks for each speed of the vibrator. After your ten spanks at a speed it will be turned up to the next speed and you will receive ten spanks at that speed. This will happen through each of the speeds on the dildo. After each spank you will say 'I am a bad puppy', and this should go without saying my puppy but you will NOT cum. If you cum without permission again your punishment will be much more severe."

She walked back around to the foot of the bed pressing a button on the remote to start the dildo up at the lowest speed. As she walked she could feel the frozen cum in her ass beginning to become slippery in her ass. She got into position behind puppy and spanked his left ass cheek and heard "I am a bad puppy", she spank his left cheek again and her puppy say once again "I am a bad puppy". She continued until he had five smacks on his left cheek and then she moved onto his right cheek. after five smack on his right cheek she turned up the speed on the dildo and waited about two minutes and then began to spank his left ass cheek again five times, hearing her puppy say "I am a bad puppy" after each smack, his voice beginning to break as she knew the tears were beginning to come. She continued to paddle him through the speed of the dildo. She was up to the sixth speed on the dildo when she felt the tickle of the frozen cum that was in her ass begin to trickle out of her ass and slowly down her leg.

She was on the last speed and she could tell that it was getting hard for her puppy to speak. As she finished the last of the spankings she put the paddle down and stared at her puppy's red sore ass. She went to the head of the bed and wiped her puppy's tears from his face and picked his head up. "Has puppy learned his lesson this time?" she asked him. Knowing that this had been an ongoing problem for him throughout the years. He croaked out a "yes, Mistress."

"Very good my puppy, I am going to put some lotion on your ass that will help with the pain and the burn and will also help to make sure that no marks will be left on your sexy ass." She walked to the bathroom and got the lotion, feeling more of the cum trickle down out of her ass. As she got back to the bed she gently removed the dildo and generously applied ample amounts of lotion to his ass. She timidly rubbed it into his ass so as not to pain him anymore. When she was done she got a glass with a straw from the nightstand and allowed him to drink as much water as he needed.

When he was done drinking she said, "Now you are going to do something for your Mistress that you have never done before my sweet puppy."

She watched as her puppy's face lit up at the prospect of another new endeavor, he was still straining not to cum and the fighting was wearing at him, she could tell. She would let him cum very soon.

She climbed on the bed on all fours in front of him, the melting cum in her ass still slowly tricking out of her a few trails running down her legs. She spreads her legs apart so her wet glistening pussy is in front of his face. She feels a few cum droplets fall onto her pussy lips and moans softly.

"My puppy you are to first clean your cum from the trails rolling down my legs with your tongue. Then you are to clean my pussy thoroughly of each drop that falls from my ass to my pussy. Once I feel that my pussy is thoroughly cleaned you will lick around my ass hole and lick the melting cum from there until I am satisfied that you have done a good job. You may begin."

She feels his tongue timidly on her lower thigh where one of the cum trails began and slowly it inches up her leg. She moans feeling his tongue getting closer to her pussy. He licks around her pussy following the trail all the way up to her ass. He then goes to her other lower thigh, his tongue still timid on her skin as he licks upwards again. As he reaches her ass once more she moans louder and her hips move towards him. He moves down to lick the last cum trail from her legs starting at mid-thigh and moving up to her ass not as slowly as the last two. She moans louder as his tongue glides over her sensitive skin, tickling her and making her squirm.

She feels his tongue lick up one of her pussy lips and then down the other side ending at her already throbbing clit. He teases her by barely touching her with his tongue until she moves closer to his face and he shoves his tongue deep inside her wet pussy. She moaned louder as his tongue began to taste her in and out rapidly, tongue fucking her. She moved her hips to his rhythm and her moans got louder, as she was getting into the rhythm and closer to an orgasm he moved back to her clit pushing her even closer to her orgasm. Her moans were getting louder when he moves from her clit, up her slit to her asshole. She feels his tongue circling her asshole as she moans even louder.

"Stop my puppy, I believe that you have cleaned it very well" He immediately stops and puts his head down in a bow. She climbs off the bed and uncuffs her puppy from the bed and instructs him to roll over on to his back and spread out.

She cuffs him back down to the bed in this position and straddles him. She lets a few drops of the cum drip from her ass onto his hard throbbing cock. She slowly eases her asshole to the tip of his cock and slowly slides the tip inside her tightest hole. Inch by slow inch she slides his cock deeper inside of her, her moans get louder at the wonderful feeling of his cock stretching this hole. She is now sitting on him, his cock deep inside her ass. She sits there for a few moments enjoying the feel of his throbbing cock filling her ass fully. She touches herself for him to see. He moans at the sight of her touching herself and the slight movements as she moves her hips slightly, her juices flowing from her pussy to his body. She can tell from his face he will not last much longer before he will explode with or without permission.

She slid her finger inside her dripping pussy feeling his cock just on the other side of the separating wall, she stroked his cock up and down from inside her pussy. His moans grow in urgency and she can tell he is fighting to hold his orgasm at bay. She slides up and down feeling his cock throb harder as she squeezes her anal muscles tighter around it as she slid up and releasing them as she slid back down. She slid up and down faster as she fingered her clit bringing her closer to her own orgasm. Her orgasm built up very quickly, and before she knew it, it was upon her. "Cum my puppy" she moaned right before her orgasm took a hold of her. She could feel his cock jerking and exploding in her ass her muscles squeezed hard around his cock. Her waves of orgasm were slowly passing as was his orgasm.

As her orgasm ceased, she climbed off of his cock, got between his legs and took his still hard cock all the way in her mouth. She sucked the full length of his cock and then sucked on just the head of him, teasing him with her tongue. She then licked him up and down the entirety of his cock tasting his cum covered cock and loving it. She sucked him fully once again hearing him moan. She sucked him faster, covering his cock with her saliva. She takes him all the way in her mouth and holds it there as she fondles his balls.

His moans get louder as if he cannot control them anymore. She slides his cock slowly out of her mouth taking his shaft in her hand, his balls in her other hand and teasing the head with her tongue, swirling it around and around. She slides his cock all the way in her mouth again and out, her head bobbing up and down. He is getting closer and closer to another orgasm. She speeds up her sucking and squeezes his balls a little. She slides her other hand down to his asshole and inserts a finger into him as deep as it will go. This pushes him over the edge and he explodes in her mouth. She swallows his cum and continues sucking, licking the head, making him squirm.

She releases his cock and licks her lips. She stands up and goes to the bathroom and starts the bath water. She walks back to the bed and uncuffs her puppy, hooks the leash to his collar and leads him to the bathroom. She has him climb into the tub, she ties his leash to the towel rack and walks back into the bedroom to change the sheets on the bed. After the new sheets are on and the bed and it is set up for sleeping tonight she walks back into the bathroom to where her puppy is.

She grabs a bath cloth and soaps it up, gently she washes her puppy all over paying special care to his cock, ass, and balls. Once he is satisfactorily clean she has him get out of the tub and she dries him off with a soft green towel. After her puppy is dried off she unties his leash and leads him back to the bed, takes off his leash and tells him "Down" so he lays down. She then walks back to the bathroom and gets in the shower cleaning herself up and making sure all of the cum is cleaned off and out of her. After she is all cleaned she climbs out of shower, dries herself off and walks into the bedroom cutting the lights off in both the bathroom and the bedroom. She lays next to her puppy and cuddles up with him as they both drift off to sleep easily and quickly.