Familiarity Breeds Interest Ch. 01
byorie©

About two weeks after my nude modeling for the photography class the girls took, my girlfriend, Anne Marie, and her bffs, Becky and Bridget, and I got together over drinks at our favorite pub. We squeezed into one of the booths along the back wall and ordered pints from Trish, our favorite waitress.

When the drinks arrive, Becky lifts her glass for a toast.

"To Owen, who is a great sport, a fantastic model and a well-hung stud." The girls laugh and I grin good-naturedly.

Becky pulls out a large envelope and asks if I want to see her favorites. Bridget is embarrassed, as usual. I say sure, "but I've seen it all before."

Becky opens the envelope and slides out about ten color 8 x 10's. One by one she guides them over to me, spreading them out over the table.

About half-way through, Trish stops by to see if we want anything. She startles at the pictures of a naked man, then does a double take.

"Holy Shit, Owen, is that you?"

"You betcha'," affirms Becky.

"Sorry, I don't mean to stare. I didn't know you were a model. I thought you were in financial planning or something," says Trish.

I answer I work in finance and am not really a model, just helping out. I try to look Trish in the eyes, but her gaze is fixed on the pictures. Trish is tall and lean with spiked blond hair, blue eyes and a pale complexion. She appears to have a tight body and her butt always looks great in her form-fitting jeans.

"God, I wish my boyfriend looked like that. He's only 24 and has a beer gut and a wee willie wiener."

The other girls laugh at that description.

"Well, that's not one of Owen's shortcomings," offers the usually quiet Bridget.

"Hell, no," pipes in Becky. "I'd say there are no shortcomings at all." As she speaks she runs a finger down one of the full frontal pictures that was strongly lit and shows my penis in fine detail.

"Well, if we all are through evaluating my boyfriend's physique, how about a couple orders of wings, Trish," says Anne Marie.

"What?" asks the waitress as she keeps her eyes on the tabletop display. "Oh, uh, sure. Right away. Anything else?"

We all shake our heads, and she disappears back toward the kitchen.

In the silence that follows, they all look at the nude pictures.

"You really do look good, Owen," says Bridget. "I think you were a great sport to do it and I hope we are not humiliating you."

I sip my beer and then shake my head. "Actually, it is kinda' weird to see yourself naked. I mean we all look at ourselves in the mirror, but it's not the same as seeing a photo that's professionally lit and holding a pose. I like these, and I'm not embarrassed. Now, that doesn't mean I'd want them plastered on the women's—or men's—room walls or distributed in my office."

"No chance of that," assures Becky. "I want these for my own collection. And, Owen, I'd never to anything to embarrass you."

Becky gives me a wink. Her wild red hair is a mess of curls. My mom would say she has the map of Ireland on her face, peaches and cream complexion with a band of freckles across her nose. She is an inch or two taller than Anne Marie's 5'7''. She looks to have a good figure, but not as heavy in the chest as Anne Marie.

Many people have compared Anne Marie to a young Sophia Loren. She is dark complected with full lips, deep brown eyes and a body that looks like it belongs in a Renaissance painting. She is religious with her workouts and her narrow waist and tight abs only help to accent her extraordinary breasts.

Anne Marie rearranges the display, then asks the other two, "Which do you like best?"

Bridget turns even a deeper red, but manages to make a selection.

"I like this one." The picture shows me sitting on the edge of a stool. One leg is on the floor and the other rests on the bottom rung of the stool. I have my right hand on my hip and my left rests on my knee. My stomach muscles are accentuated by the lighting and my penis and balls hang freely.

Becky joins in. "Yeah, I like that one a lot, especially since it shows the package so well. But, as much as I like looking at dick, this is my favorite."

The one Becky points to is a back shot. I am standing with legs apart and my fingers locked behind my head. The muscles in my back are stressed and look powerful. My buns are clinched and the dimples on each cheek are clearly visible. Looking more closely, you can see my balls and the tip of my penis through my spread legs.

"Yeah, definitely this one," asserts Becky. "Gets my motor running."

"Well, you both have chosen well," says Anne Marie. "Now, how about we put them away and enjoy our wings, which I see are coming. I think we've given Trish enough of a show tonight."

Becky slips them into the envelope. Trish arrives with the food. She looks disappointed that the pictures are gone, but doesn't say anything.

We order another round of beers and begin attacking the hot and spicy wings.

After a couple minutes,Becky excuses herself to go to the ladies, and Bridget says she'll join her.

Alone with Anne Marie, I turn and kiss her. She kisses back, her lips as enticingly soft as they always are. Her slight perfume, even in the pub with all its beer and food aromas, fills my nostrils.

"God, Anne Marie, you always smell so good and it turns me on."

"And, that's why I smell good, dear." She kisses me again, and sits back in the booth.

"I hope that was not too uncomfortable for you, all those photos, I mean," she says while holding her pint to her lips. I detect a slight hint of sarcasm.

"Well, I was surprised, obviously, but you know what an exhibitionist I am. I do get a bit of a thrill knowing that your friends are looking at pictures of me nude, and enjoying it."

"And, now, Trish is in on the treat," adds Anne Marie. "Quite the man, aren't you?"

"Anne Marie," I ask, "what's going on? You seem sort of pissed."

"I guess sometimes I think you take too much enjoyment in showing yourself to other women. I wonder if I am still enough of a thrill for you."

Anne Marie is the most confident woman I have ever met. She rarely shows any jealousy or a sign of insecurity.

"You are the most attractive, appealing and sexy person I know," I say. "I am totally happy being with you—period."

Anne Marie takes my hand and brings it to her lips. She looks me in the eyes and holds my gaze.

"I suppose I'm just being a little over-sensitive. I look at Trish, who is a lot closer to your age than I am, and I think that you probably want to jump her bones and leave me behind."

I squeeze her hand and tell her that she is all I need and that I don't want to get into another discussion about the difference in our ages. Anne Marie is in her early forties and I am 27.

"Yeah, I know I seem to be the only one hung up on my age," she says. "But, ever since I turned 41 I think about it more and more. Turning 40 was not traumatic, but realizing that the years keep coming and I can't say I'm in my 'late, late thirties' freaks me out sometimes."

"Well, it doesn't bother me," I assure her. "You are fabulous and I love you, and I want to be with you. That's as simple as I can make it."

Anne Marie leans in and kisses me. Her lips are warm and her kisses are the softest I have ever experienced.

She picks up her glass and sips some beer.

"Ok, I believe you. But, you cannot convince me that you don't look at other women, imagine having sex with them, and, as you have told me, even play around a little with them."

"Sure, but I thought that was all acceptable. I know you've had experiences with other people, because you've told me about them, in addition to Henri in Paris. I know he is your favorite and I accept that you really enjoy being with him when you are over there.

"I have never slept with another woman since we've been together, and I will not unless we discuss it first, and both agree on it. I expect the same from you."

Anne Marie is as curious sexually as I am. She and I enjoy an open relationship within certain bounds. When I told her about the adventure in the model's lounge after the erotic modeling session, she pressed for more details. She wanted me to describe our teacher Cathy's body, and asked me how it would be at our office working next to each other after what we experienced. She wanted to know how Linda's mouth felt on my penis and what I thought about being the first man in her mouth. She made me describe over and over again how Melissa's mouth felt on my erection and what it felt like to come in and on her breasts, and what those small breasts looked like and how they felt. These conversations always got the both of us hot and we always ended them with highly energized love-making.

"Anne Marie, if you don't want me to do any more of these things, just let me know," I demand. "Don't say it's Ok then make me feel like a shit for doing it."

Anne Marie nods along as I speak.

"I don't know what's eating at me. Maybe it was just seeing all these women looking at the nude pictures, and seeing you enjoy it so much."

I think about what Anne Marie is saying.

"But, you asked me to model. You knew your friends were going to be in the class. You knew Becky was bringing the photos tonight. Don't get mad because I enjoy what you ask me to do."

"I'm not mad," says Anne Marie, with a touch of resentment in her voice. "I'm just bitchy, I guess. So, let's change the topic."

I nod in full agreement.

"Do you ever imagine other women naked?" asks Anne Marie.

I almost choke on my beer. After the previous conversation, I am totally thrown off balance. But, I know deep down Anne Marie values the truth over everything. So, I always answer her questions honestly.

"Sure, sometimes."

"Did you ever imagine Trish naked?"

That makes me think for a while.

"Not really," I begin. "I mean she is cute and she has a pretty good figure. I do wonder what her breasts look like, since they seem small. She does have a great butt in tight jeans, but I don't think I imagined it naked. Why are you asking? And, why this emphasis on Trish?"

Anne Marie sips and considers my answer. "Well, she now knows what you look like naked and certainly seemed taken by the pictures. So, I wonder if you think of her without clothes."

"Not before tonight," I say.

"And, now?"

"Well, I hadn't before you asked," I answered. "But, now you've planted the idea in my head and I may be mentally undressing her as she brings us beers. Is that what you want to hear?"

"I don't want to hear anything except the truth."

I repeat that I had not before imagined Trish naked.

"Interesting. You think about certain features, but don't necessarily try to picture her naked. Even a beautiful young woman about your age."

"Pretty much," I say.

"How about Becky or Bridget?"

I know this question is much closer to home and maybe is where Anne Marie was going when she started the conversation. They all work together in a bank and obviously share a good deal of girl talk. I don't know if Anne Marie shared any explicit details of our relationship, but I picked up that both other women knew Anne Marie was satisfied sexually. Anne Marie also knows that Becky and I flirt a lot, trading sexual innuendo and barbs, and teasing each other a lot. I sometimes wonder if Anne Marie thinks that I might like to go further with Becky, or if Becky had ever hinted at anything to Anne Marie. Now, I wonder if maybe Anne Marie is a bit jealous of Becky, or uncomfortable thinking I might want more of a sexual relationship with her friend. My head spins trying to figure out what Anne Marie is really asking and how best to answer her.

"I'm waiting," says Anne Marie.

"Well, I'd have to say not really. I think I would enjoy seeing both of them naked. But, I can't say I've imagined either one without clothes."

"Even Becky, you don't imagine her naked or having sex with her?"

I admit to myself that I find Becky extremely sexy, but I am not about to admit that at this time. Anne Marie is sending off strange vibes.

"Anne Marie, what's bugging you? Why are you grilling me?"

"I'm not aware I am."

"Well, it feels like it to me.

Anne Marie sips her beer and stares at the sweat mark the pint glass leaves on the table.

"Hey, no big deal. Let's just drop it," she says.

Anne Marie smiles as the two women return from the restroom.

Bridget slides in first and as soon as Becky settles, she leans into the table, forcing us all to push our heads forward.

"Well, guess who asked if she could buy one of the photos?" she says with a broad smile.

Not waiting for a reply, she continues, "Yep, our sweet little Trish."

"What did you say to her," asks Anne Marie.

"I said I'd have to ask Owen," she reports then sits back. We all copy her motion, sinking back into the booth.

"What did she say, exactly," I ask.

"She said they were beautiful pictures and that she found them exciting."

"And...?" I push.

"I said they were nothing like being there and taking them," says Becky with a shit-eating grin that makes us all laugh.

"So, what do you say, Owen," she asks.

"Well, I sure don't want some jealous guy with a beer gut and a wee willie wiener coming after me with a gun," I say.

We all laugh until we think our sides would split.

I look up to see Trish standing by the bar with a hurt look on her face.

"Oh shit," I mutter. "Trish must think we are laughing at her. Now, I feel like a jerk."

Anne Marie reaches across for the envelope and slides it in front of me.

"Go talk with her, and offer her anyone she wants," she says.

"It's Ok with you?"

Anne Marie nods and nudges me off the bench.

As I approach Trish, she turns and runs out the front door.

I follow her into the cold Boston night.

I see her standing in the next doorway, out of the stiff wind, and squeeze in beside her.

Her eyes are wet and she won't meet my gaze.

"Hey, we're gonna freeze out here," I say. "Let's go back in."

"Sure, so you guys can make fun of me. I knew I shouldn't of said nothin' to her. I just shoulda kept my stupid fuckin' mouth shut. Hey, I know, I'm just a dumb blond and a waitress, so let's have a good laugh at my pathetic behavior."

I try to put an arm around her shoulder, but she shrugs me off.

"Trish, listen..."

"No, don't worry. It's Ok," she says. "I've been treated worse. I mean you've always been a decent guy and haven't been trying to hit on me or grab my ass like half the assholes in this place. Unless that's why you followed me out. Is that it? Think you can score with the dumb blond because she's all crying and shit. Think I'm an easy lay because I wanted to have a picture of you being naked, and all."

"Trish, just listen," I say putting a hand on her arm and softly moving it up and down. She shivers and I pull off my sweatshirt and drape it over her. She tries to push it away, put I pull it around her shoulders. She relents and says, "Now, you're going to freeze."

"I'm Ok, Trish. Please listen."

She doesn't interrupt me this time.

"We were not laughing at you, not exactly. Yeah, Becky told us you wanted to have a picture. I was embarrassed and made a joke. But it was not about you, honest. Really, we all like you a lot."

Trish tosses her head and looks up at me. I can see in her eyes that she wants to believe.

"So what did you say that broke the table up?"

"It's so dumb now, but it wasn't about you," I say.

"Then what was it. Can't tell me, huh? I can guess why. Because it was about the pathetic waitress."

"Cut the pathetic shit, Trish," I say with some force. "No one thinks of you that way. We like you and are always glad when you have our table. Look, we've all worked at jobs like waiting tables, tending bar, or whatever. We don't think any less of you. Hell, we are just as normal or as fucked-up as anyone."

Trish looks for a trace of bullshit in my eyes. She blinks back more tears, and says in a soft voice, "Honest?"

"Yeah, honest."

I open my arms and she slips in.

I hug her tightly and she wraps her arms around my waist. I can feel her small breasts and hard nipples push against my chest through my shirt. I fight the normal male reaction thinking this is not the time to spring an erection, since Trish would obviously feel it.

Speaking into my chest, she asks, "So, what did you say."

I kiss the top of her head and say, "I told them I didn't want any wee willie wiener guy coming after me with a gun."

Trish snorts and snot shoots from her nose. She's able to turn her head enough to avoid using my shirt as a tissue.

"That's it? That's all of it?"

"Yep, then I looked up and saw a terrible look on your face. Trish, no one was making fun of you. Actually, I'm sort of overwhelmed that you would want one of the pictures."

Barely speaking above a whisper, she says, "They're beautiful. I just wanted one to look at once in a while. It would help me realize there are other guys out there, and maybe I don't have to settle for a fat, dumb, wee willie wiener jerk who thinks a good fuck is five seconds of foreplay and a minute and half of thrusting, followed by a long sleep filled with beer farts."

I laugh out loud. Trish realizes how her description must have sounded and joins me.

Calming down, Trish leans up and kisses me.

"Thanks, Owen. I always thought you were a decent guy."

Smiling I hold up the envelope. "A decent guy with a bunch of naked pictures. Interested?"

Wide-eyed she asks, "For real."

"Hey, take the envelope and pick any one or as many as you want. You can give the rest back next time we are in. I only have one condition."

Trish is fingering the envelope, "What?"

"These are for you. I would not want you showing them around or making copies or doing shit like that. And, especially don't let wee willie wiener see them. But, I would be honored if you had one."

"I swear I won't show them to anyone else, honest I do." Trish kisses me again and presses the envelope to her stomach.

"Ok, now can we go back in because my ass is freezing off," I say.

"And with an ass like that, we don't want it falling off," said Trish as she takes my hand and leads me back into the bar.

She gives a thumbs up to the girls in the booth, then runs back toward the kitchen.

"So", all three ask.

"So, she's going to take her pick and get the rest back to us next time we're here."

"That's all?" asks Becky.

"That's all I'm going to say. Other than she is a nice kid and could use a little help on self-esteem issues."

"Enough said, dear," Anne Marie says with a smile. "I think I just might take our Trish under my wing. I think she has terrific potential."

After that night in the bar, things shift subtly with Anne Marie, me and Becky. I didn't know if it was being nude in front of her in the class, the incident with the pictures at the bar or the conversation I had with Anne Marie that night.

A couple nights later as Anne Marie and I lay in bed following an exceptionally athletic round of love making, she brings up Becky again.

"God, I bet Becky would enjoy a fuck like this," she said.

I raised my head to look at her and ask, "Anne Marie, will you tell me what is going on with this emphasis on Becky? Do you think we are doing something behind your back?"

Anne Marie looks directly into my eyes. I hold her gaze. Finally, she lifts up and kisses me.

"No, I don't think that. I do think that you two are attracted to each other and I am slightly curious about what it would be like if you let that attraction blossom a bit."

"You want me to become sexually involved with her?" I ask.

"Not if you don't want to, but I think that there are some fairly exciting possibilities if you followed that path."

"Exciting how?" I asked.

In the back of my mind I remember the time I visited Anne Marie on one of her extended business trips to Paris. She introduced me to Henri,her French lover, whom I thought I would instantly hate. Instead, I liked him immediately. He was a bit older than Anne Marie, handsome, with a great sense of humor and a sophisticated way of dealing with everything. He made me feel like a friend and not a rival.


Anne Marie was staying at his apartment in Paris, but he offered to put us up at the Georges V. Anne Marie and I discussed it, and I said she should stay with him and I could have the suite at the hotel. I later found out it cost over $1,000 Euros a night.

Anne Marie and Henri would work on a finance project all day and the three of us would meet for a late dinner at various restaurants that Henri knew served fabulous food and were far off the tourist trail.

I thought I should feel jealous, but Anne Marie was so happy having both of us around her, I couldn't. One night we ended up at Henri's apartment for nightcaps. Sipping aged brandy on the oversized couch in his living room, illuminated solely by the fire flickering in the marble fireplace and a few candles, we were enjoying being close and quiet.

Anne Marie leaned into me and kissed me passionately. I responded, but wondered what Henri must think. She addressed my concern by turning to him and kissing him. She alternated back and forth until all three of us were aroused and pushing for more. Henri unbuttoned her blouse while I worked off her silk panties under her black skirt. We both kissed her breasts and soon my head was nestled between her legs. Anne Marie was moaning as she had never done before. Henri stopped kissing and fondling her breasts and stood. He slipped off his shirt while Anne Marie undid his pants and pulled them and his underwear off.

He stood in front of her as she ran her hands up his legs and onto his rear. He was tall and thin, with a toned body. He had an erection that stood straight out. His manhood looked longer, but thinner than mine. Anne Marie took him into her mouth. I certainly knew what that felt like, and my own dick ached for that sensation. I contented myself with playing with her clit as she sucked on Henri.

She broke free and pulled me up, then, undressed me. I was never before naked and erect so close to another man.

Anne Marie stood and shed the remainder of her clothes. Taking us each by the hand she led us to the bedroom. Pulling back the covers to expose the exquisite silk sheets, she dropped on the bed and pulled us to her.

Taking turns working on her breasts, stomach and sex, Henri and I moved Anne Marie to the brink several times. She rose to her knees, and straddling my head, placed her hot and wet sex on my face. My tongue went to work, bringing deep guttural moans from her.

I then felt a mouth on my erection. It could not be Anne Marie. I tried to pull back, but the lips followed my dick. I never had a man do that to me, and I was shocked and confused. Anne Marie pushed harder on my face and I knew she was aware of what Henri was doing.

I didn't want to give into the sensations on my groin and yet I was turned on by the beautiful pussy before me.

At last, I made a decision. I pushed against Anne Marie's thighs and she reluctantly moved down my body. Henri pulled his mouth off me and Anne Marie lifted up and took my length inside her. She began moving up and down. Henri knelt beside her and kissed her lips and her breasts.

She increased her pace until I knew she was close. I reached to her clit and stimulated it as she ground down on me. We came within a few seconds of each other.

She collapsed on my chest and then rolled off, leaving me in between her and Henri. Before I could react, Henri's mouth was back on me, cleaning the remains of our lovemaking, and bringing me back to hardness.

Anne Marie watched, kissed me, and encouraged me to let myself go. I did and soon felt the second orgasm rising. Henri worked my dick and fondled my balls. I erupted and he took me completely.

We three snuggled with Anne Marie in the middle and fell into a deep sleep. I awoke first and began to panic. I had never been with a man and never wanted to. I admitted that it was an over-the-top erotic experience, but I was churning inside.

Anne Marie and Henri woke almost simultaneously. We all looked at each other and burst out laughing.

"So...?" asked Anne Marie.

"So," I responded, "well, that was a bit different."

We all laughed again at my understatement.

"Don't worry, darling," said Anne Marie. "This does not mean you are gay. Henri is not gay, but he is adventurous. We have been thinking about this moment for a long time. I told him so much about you, about how much I love you. We wanted the three of us to experience our love together."

"Well, we sure did that."

Again we laughed. Anne Marie reached down to Henri's long and limp penis. She took my hand and placed it on it. I froze with uncertainty.

"Hold it up for me, Owen," said Anne Marie.

I lifted the warm organ and Anne Marie took it in her mouth. I moved my hand away and she worked Henri into a hard state.

Turning her eyes to me, she tilted the tip of the penis toward me. I knew she was offering me the same experience that Henri had with my member. I reached down, stroked her cheek, gently rubbed Henri's erection, and shook my head.

Anne Marie nodded and rose up to insert him inside her. I watched as my lover made love to another man.

Back in our bed I now wonder if Anne Marie is trying to create another adventure, only including her friend, Becky, with the two of us.

I looked at Anne Marie and said, "Sometimes the path less traveled by can be the most interesting."

She smiled and snuggled into my arms. We both fell fast asleep and let our dreams carry us into erotic places yet to be explored.

About a week later Anne Marie brought up Becky again. She did it by way of talking about the couple pictures Trish chose and saying we had to get the envelope back to Becky.

"Becky really likes those pictures," she said.

"Uh-huh," I reply non-commitally.

"Actually, I think she likes the real thing as well," she says.

"Anne Marie, I already told you how I feel about you. Why do you keep bringing up these innuendos about Becky?"

After a few moments of silence, Anne Marie answers, "Because she has a bit of crush on you and I have a bit of a crush on her."

"Oh," was all I could muster.

I knew Anne Marie has had encounters with women before. She told me and we discussed them. She knows she is mostly heterosexual, but at times certain women attract her. Since we have been together, she has admitted one short relationship with a woman she met at a conference in Kansas City and a couple casual flings.

"So, what do you think," she asks.

"About what?"

"About what I just said, dorkhead."

"I don't know. Are you telling me this because you want to have a relationship with Becky, or because you want me to have a relationship with her, or you want to please Becky by letting her have a relationship with me, or you want to have a relationship with the two of us?"

Anne Marie smiled and said, "Yep, I think that sums it up nicely."

After that, Anne Marie started to foster more of an exclusive friendship with Becky. Although Bridget was often included in movie nights out or dinner in the North End, Anne Marie more frequently had Becky over for dinner without Bridget and started offering her the guest room after too much red wine was consumed.

Our apartment was the third floor of a triple-decker in Brighton. It stood at the top of a hill and overlooked all the other houses on the block. One cold, snowy Boston Saturday Becky was over for dinner, and we all agreed she should stay since the combination of wine and bad roads could mean disaster trying to go home. Becky kept an emergency kit with toothbrush and other essentials in the guest room. Anne Marie would usually provide her with some clothes to sleep in or hang around in the apartment. Since Becky was tall, she often borrowed a t-shirt from me.

Before going to bed, I tell them I am going to paint the dining room in the morning, but they are free to sleep in or hang out in the kitchen or in front of the fireplace.

I always sleep nude and on weekends, usually just pull on sweats. For painting, I used my "work" sweat pants that were really "distressed". They had both knees blown out and a bunch of holes, including a big one in the seat. I also wore a cut-off tee shirt.

I was up and painting by 8:30. The girls awoke around 10 and laugh at my outfit and make comments about half my butt peaking out the back. They park in front of the TV. I have a fire going so it's cozy in the living room.

They keep making snide remarks about my ass showing. Passing through the dinning room on the way to the kitchen, Anne Marie grabs my cheek and tells Becky to check out the other one. She said she loves how tight my buns are. Becky gives a good squeeze and agrees. In the past, Becky and I have played a little grab ass, but this is the first time I feel her touch on my nearly naked backside and with my girlfriend watching.

As they are coming back from the kitchen with mimosas, they both are giggling and nudging each other. They stop, one on either side of me. Anne Marie says Becky finds it very distracting seeing half my ass hanging out and that something must be done to correct it. I figure Anne Marie will tell me to put something else on and so I say sure. They giggle again, put their glasses on the dining room table and drop to their knees. Together they yank down my sweats.

So there I stand, a paint roller in one hand and my dick swinging in the breeze. The girls howl and Becky said, "It's still looking so cute."

I enjoy the attention, but don't know where to go with the situation, so I say "OK, now pull them back up and I'll finish painting. Then, I can make you guys lunch."

Anne Marie shakes her head and says "Lunch, yes. Pants, no. As a matter of fact take off that stupid tee shirt."

I am a bit unsure, but I am game to find out. Anne Marie is clearly in charge.

I kick off my flip-flops and lift a leg at a time and the girls pull the sweats off. I then put down the roller and strip off my shirt.

"Happy?" I ask. "Oh, yes!" said Anne Marie. She gives me a sharp slap on my naked ass and then Becky does the same. This is the first time she has touched me while I am naked. I feel the blood rush to my member, but resist getting hard.

I finish painting in about a half hour and tell them I'm going to heat up some home-made soup for lunch, but I don't have any rolls to go with it. Anne Marie said she will walk down to the corner market and get them. Becky joins me in the kitchen as I put the soup on to heat and begin making a salad.

She is now having a glass of wine and feeling the effects of the mimosas plus the wine. She says it's kind of weird watching me cook while naked, but she isn't complaining. She then says she rarely saw an uncut cock before the time I modeled for them. I turn and face her. "Hey, a dick's a dick."

She comes over and sits in a chair next to me for a closer view.

She asks if it always looks like that. She is used to seeing the little mushroom cap.

I then hear a voice behind me say, "Well, it's quite different when it's up and ready for action."

Anne Marie has returned. "But, I think that it sometimes needs a little encouragement."

She comes over and takes my dick in her hands. They are still cold and I jump. With Becky watching, Anne Marie moves her hand up and down my shaft. In spite of the initial shock of her frigid fingers, I begin to warm to her actions. Despite my misgivings, I am becoming erect.

Anne Marie keeps stroking, "Ah, yes, now we see cause and effect." I am fully erect standing in front of Anne Marie and Becky.

"See how it curves back toward his stomach?" Anne Marie says. "I think that is so cute. And now the foreskin is back and it looks like an uncut one." She gives it a couple strokes and then takes Becky by the hand to lead her into the living room. She directs me to bring in lunch when it's ready.

I finish preparing lunch and understand know that Anne Marie wants me to play the naked waiter. I maintain my hard-on and serve them lunch, refilling their wine glasses several times. Becky is brave enough to rub my ass, but doesn't touch my erection. Anne Marie teases me with a few finger flicks on the tip of my penis.

They finish lunch and a bottle of wine and soon I am covering them up with a blanket as they doze off on the couch in front of the fire. I take a shower and tend to my unfinished business in the process.

Drying off I wonder to myself where this adventure is going, but I am excited and curious. I dress in jeans, no underwear, a long sleeve t-shirt and an old sweatshirt. I pull on thick wool socks and am putting away the last of my painting equipment, when I hear Anne Marie's voice behind me. Anne Marie says Becky is still dozing on the couch.

She then says "Too bad."

I turn and open my arms to welcome her. She snuggles in and I ask, "Too bad what?"

"Too bad you put clothes on. We were enjoying having a naked man around the house. And, by the looks of it, so were you."

I say that was her fault, but admit it was erotic. I say I liked it when they each helped to strip me. I also say although I had posed nude for Becky and she still had all the pictures from that session, that this is the first time she saw me with an erection.

"And that excites you more?" asks Anne Marie with her face pressed into my chest.

"Yes, it does."

"Well, it excited Becky, too," purrs Anne Marie.

"She told you that?"

"Yes. She also said she was beyond horny since she hadn't had a date—translation fuck—in six months. She confessed that the vision of you with a hard-on pouring her a glass of wine was going to be fertile masturbatory fodder for a long time."

"Hmm," is all I can muster for a response.

Anne Marie slips her hand on my crotch and feels the semi-erect member.

"Still imagining what she looks like naked?"

"No," I answer too quickly. "And, I never admitted that I did imagine her that way."

"It's Ok, I'd like to see what she looks like, too."

"You've never seen her nude?"

"Nope. Never went to the gym together or had any occasion. The one time we went clothes shopping, she wore bra and panties. She has a nice figure. Long legs, small butt and breasts that sit high on her chest, but don't look big."

Anne Marie's hand traces the now fully erect anatomy behind the soft jeans. "Well, let's make that a project. All it will take is time."

She kisses me with lips and tongue, then slides away to take her shower. I carry the paint can and ladder down to the basement.

I wonder how this will develop.

After the naked painting incident, we become much more relaxed about me going around nude with Becky there. I like being nude and I have an exhibition side so it is also fun being naked with other women there.

Whenever Becky stays over, the routine is for her to come into our bed in the morning for a little group snuggle. Anne Marie and I are nude, but Becky keeps on her t-shirt and panties. We sleep a little longer with me in the middle.

One morning I am spooning Anne Marie and Becky slips in behind me. I can feel her nipples through her shirt press into my back and I become aroused. At first, I cling to Anne Marie, not wanting to embarrass myself by having my erection so obvious to Becky. After a few minutes, however, we relax and Anne Marie knows it is a normal reaction to become aroused. We shift. I spoon Becky and Anne Marie cuddles behind me. My erection pushes against the compact buns of Becky and she wiggles to let it find a home pressed between her cheeks.

Anne Marie reaches around and feels my erection. I am afraid she will be upset with it pushed so tight into her girlfriend's behind. Instead, she rubs me up and down and then rubs Becky's cheeks, slipping her hand underneath the band of Becky's panties and caressing the soft skin of her butt. Becky pushes harder back into me. I slip my hand around and rest it on her bare skin at her navel. I slowly slide it upunderneath her shirt until I feel the bottom of her breast. She places her hand on mine and guides it back down to her naval.

After a long snuggle I got up to make breakfast—in the nude.

The girls love this routine and we continue it every time Becky comes over.

One night we all get high and that changes everything. We do two joints and drink a lot of red wine and are well beyond mellow.

Becky had already decided to stay over. Usually Becky sleeps in the guest room, but since we were crashing on our bed listening to music, Anne Marie says we should just sleep in our bed. Becky says she has to pee and heads for the bathroom.

She comes back wearing one of my tee shirts, and, I suppose, her panties. She starts to pull the covers down when Anne Marie says "No way!"

Becky stops and begins to apologize. She says she thought Anne Marie wants all of us to sleep in the bed.

Anne Marie laughs and says, "I do, but you are way overdressed. Owen and I are naked, so you have to be, too." With that Anne Marie flips the covers back to expose our naked bodies. Her hand is stroking my very erect penis.

Becky hesitates. "Please, Becky," I reassure her. "I really want you to join us and keep our mellow mood going. And, I really, really want to see you naked."

Becky pauses. She looks at the two of us. She spends a long time gazing at the beautiful, full-bodied Anne Marie, who has her legs slightly parted exposing her sex through the neatly trimmed patch of dark pubic hair.

Becky sighs then reaches down for the hem of the long tee shirt. In one motion she lifts it over her head and lets it fall to the floor.

She has round breasts with very dark areolas and pointed nipples. Her breasts, though not large, are soft mounds on her chest and bounce with the effort of removing her shirt and my dick twitches in Anne Marie's hand.

Becky is wearing light pink bikini bottoms, which she quickly drops. Her bush is deep red, matching the magnificent tangle of red curls on her head, and is shaped into a rectangular landing strip. Her lips are clearly visible through her the tiny silky curls and I can see the prominent hood of her clit.

She starts to get in bed when Anne Marie asks her to stop. Becky looks puzzled. Anne Marie says she is beautiful and wants to enjoy the sight of her. She asks to turn and show us her backside.

Slowly, Becky twirls. She has boy-buns, sort of flat and tight with a slight dimple in each cheek. She turns back to face us, and we both smile and thank her.

She slides in and we pull up the covers. I put an arm around both women and we snuggle. Anne Marie suggests one more joint and says she'll get it. Under the covers, she reaches for Becky's hand and places it on my stiff member, telling her to keep it going 'til she gets back.

Although this is the first time Becky had touched me there, she eagerly obliges.

While sharing the joint and kicking back even farther, which we do not think is possible, we start talking about sex, which seems natural since I have both girls' hands fondling my balls and softly pumping my erection. I have my arms around their necks and slip a hand on a breast of each woman.

Anne Marie's fills my hand, while Becky's fits comfortably into my palm. Both sets of nipples are hard and erect.

We are trading sexual war stories and howling at the things that have gone wrong or right in the past. At one point, Becky makes the claim that she gives the best head in the world and that she loves doing it. She then buries her head under the covers and moans, "I can't fucking believe I just said that. I am too wasted and am going to sleep."

She pulls her hand out and reaches over me to kiss Anne Marie good night. They linger with lips locked a little longer than might have been necessary for two friends just saying good night.

Then Becky kisses me and darts her tongue in and out a couple times.

She then turns her back to us and almost immediately falls asleep. I turn to put my ass against hers and spoon Anne Marie, with my dick between her ass cheeks. I really wanted to be inside her, but I sense we both know that would not be right with Becky in the bed.

Later, I feel Becky turn over. She spoons me and presses her breasts into my back and slips one hand on my now flaccid penis. We all assume various positions with various levels of groping during the rest of the night.

In the morning, we awaken and look at each other, then burst out laughing. Anne Marie kisses me, then climbs out to go to the shower. Becky comes into my arms, resting her head on my shoulder and her breasts pushing into my side. She gently takes my penis in her hand and falls back asleep.

Anne Marie returns and slowly lifts the covers to investigate. Smiling, she nods her approval and dresses. I nod off and waken to an empty bed. I paddle into the bath for a morning pee and shower. All certainly seems right with the world.

About a month later and several more times the three of us sleeping together, I am in the kitchen cooking breakfast and, as usual in the nude, when Becky comes out wearing her tee shirt. She said Anne Marie is taking a shower. Becky likes to give me some quick grabs. We both know it's Ok even when Anne Marie isn't around, but probably it adds a little excitement to our flirting.

Obviously, when Anne Marie is around they both will grab me. Sometimes watching TV in our bed, one, the other or both will reach out and stroke me. It is becoming something not out of the ordinary. She rubs my butt and says how much she likes it.

I am busy scrambling eggs, frying bacon and toasting bagels. She reaches around and tugs on my dick and again tells me how cute she thinks it is. She takes her coffee and sits at the kitchen table to read the Saturday paper.

Anne Marie appears with her hair wrapped in a towel and nothing else on. She gets a cup of coffee and takes part of the paper from Becky.

Becky looks up at her and says, "Anne Marie, you have the most beautiful body I have ever seen. I am so envious of your boobs. God, mine are like a twelve year old's, and here I am pushing 40. I guess I should have had kids to fill them out."

Anne Marie rubs her breasts softly.

"Ok, I admit I love my breasts, Becky, but I also think yours are fab. And, so does Owen."

Becky looks at me and I nod. "Very fab, and very, how shall I put it? Well, very looking like they always want to be sucked."

Becky blushes and turns back to her paper. With her head down, she says quietly. "Oh, they want to be sucked all right."

I keep on cooking and the phone rings. Anne Marie answers it and says a couple of sure and no problem kind of things.

When she hangs up I ask who it was. She says it was Linda from downstairs and she wants to borrow two eggs for the birthday cake she is making for Rita, her roommate. We all are invited to the party that night.

I say we had plenty of eggs and ask when Linda needs them. Anne Marie looks at me and says, "Oh, she's coming right up."

I panic and say I'd better get dressed. Anne Marie says no way, our agreement is that I cook breakfast in the nude and not put on clothes until after we were finished. I plead with her to let me cover up. Linda and Rita moved in about two months earlier. Linda is a recent grad and Rita is a fifth year senior at Northeastern. Linda is teaching first grade in a Catholic school and Rita is finishing her degree in physical therapy, with a concentration in sports medicine. She wants to be a sports trainer.

Even though we had had them up for drinks a couple times, we do not know them well enough to greet them in the nude. Certainly not well enough to greet Linda, who seems shier and more sheltered than Rita.

They are 22 and seem so young--even though I am only 27. I again say I can't be totally naked when Linda comes. Just then there's a knock on the kitchen door. There is a back stairway that we all use to go from apartment to apartment. Anne Marie stands up to answer and then picks up an apron and tells me to put it on. I slip it on and tie it as Anne Marie takes the towel from her hair and wraps it around her waist, leaving her fantastic breasts bare.

The apron covers my front, but obviously leaves my entire backside open.

Anne Marie opens the door, while letting it cover her nakedness. She sticks her head around and tells Linda we are really casual this morning and hopes she won't mind or be embarrassed. Linda looks in and sees me facing her with only an apron on. She says she can come back later, but Anne Marie assures her we aren't embarrassed if she isn't.

Linda shrugs and comes in. She does a double take as she notices Anne Marie exposed breasts. "I guess you are casual", she says. Becky says hi and Anne Marie offers Linda a cup of coffee. Linda says she can't stay long but since the coffee smells so good she'd love a cup.

Anne Marie tells me to get it. Now I have to turn my back to Linda to fix it. I do and Linda lets out a "Whoa!" Then she giggles and says "Great ass, Dude." The girls all laugh and I bring the coffee.

Linda says she thought I probably had on boxers under the apron. Becky says, "Actually before you knocked, he didn't even have on the apron."

Anne Marie tells Linda that I think she and Rita are young and don't want to freak them out.

Linda looks at me and smiles, "We're not that young."

"So you wouldn't have minded if he didn't have on the apron?" asks Anne Marie.

"No!" says Linda with a giggle.

Anne Marie gets up and comes to me, standing behind. She reaches around and flips up the front of the apron exposing me to Linda. "Are you sure?"

"Wow, I, uh, well, shit, I don't know."

Anne Marie then lets it drop back down.

Making an exaggerated show of fanning herself, Linda says, "And, I thought coffee gave me a rush."

The girls laughed and that eased the tension. I go back to cooking. Over the coffee and breakfast that Linda also joins in on, Anne Marie tells her about how they like me to be nude around the house and also about my experiences at past CFNM dinners I did before meeting Anne Marie.

Linda is interested and says, "So, the three of you are...?"

"Friends," answers Anne Marie with a mysterious smile.

Linda asks me some questions as I am standing next to where she and Anne Marie are sitting. She then says although she hates to leave, she does have to get the cake made.

Anne Marie says that I have a couple of eggs.

Linda says "Judging from that peek I'll agree, but I need the kind in shells." They all howl and I join in the laughing.

Anne Marie again lifts the apron and cups my balls and says these are the best she ever felt. Linda blushes and admits they are the best she has ever seen, although she has only really seen two other sets.

I ease away and get the eggs. When I hand them to Linda, Anne Marie spins me around and gives my ass a little slap. "And, if you need a place to crack those eggs—here it is." I tense my cheeks and make them rock hard. Linda reaches out and cups one cheek with her free hand. "Yep, you could crack an egg on that."

She stands and gives Anne Marie a hug. It is a little strange to see my nearly naked girlfriend hugging her. Becky waves and off Linda leaves. By this time I am collecting a lot of blood in my lower extremity. Anne Marie notices and asks Becky if she thinks I am getting excited. Anne Marie pulls the apron off me.

Anne Marie takes Becky's hand and puts it on my shaft while Anne Marie again cups my balls. In a couple seconds my foreskin is retracted and the tip of my dick is pointing up to my stomach.

"Yep, definitely getting excited," says Anne Marie.

"Absolutely," says Becky as she strokes me.

The phone rings and without taking her hands off my balls, Anne Marie answers it. She listens and then laughs. She then says, "Well, we're dealing with the reaction from the visit now."

Anne Marie holds the phone away from her ear and says it's Linda and Rita on the line. Rita is pissed that she missed the show and Linda wants to know if I am Ok.

After a pause Anne Marie speaks to the girls, "Oh, yes, I'd say he is definitely affected. In fact, I can state it as a "hard" fact." I can hear the laughter on the other end and then Anne Marie starts discussing details for that evening. While she is talking, Becky keeps stroking me. At one point her hand meets Anne Marie's and they each fondle a testicle. I start dripping a little pre-cum with all that attention. Becky points out to Anne Marie the liquid at the end of my dick and makes an exaggerated licking motion. They both giggle.

Anne Marie then cups the receiver and says softly, "Go for it." Becky looks shocked and shakes her head. Anne Marie cups the receiver again and says, "Do it."

Anne Marie is listening to the girls on the other end and making little sounds to let them know she's paying attention.

Becky looks again to Anne Marie for reassurance and Anne Marie places her hand on the back of Becky's head and gently pushes her forward to my erection. Becky turns her doe eyes to me and I nod.

Slowly she extends her tongue and touches the tip of my hardon. I react with a groan and an involuntary thrust. Anne Marie sits on the edge of the table watching us, holding the phone in one hand and playing with her clit with the other, the towel around her waist having fallen to the floor. Becky opens her mouth and takes my head inside her. She sucks on the tip, causing more pre-cum, which she easily swallows. She then licks me from tip to balls and back up and takes me in her mouth once more. She slowly engorges most of me in her warm and moist mouth and starts going up and down. I hear Anne Marie say she has to hang up and I turn to meet her gaze. She has her eyes half-closed, a look she gets when being very turned on. Her fingers are working her clit and dipping inside to bring out the wetness.

Becky keeps sucking and I know I cannot last much longer. I ease her off me and tell the girls I am too close to coming. Anne Marie stands and takes each of us by the hand to lead us into our bedroom. She motions me to the bed and turns to Becky.

Standing behind her, with Becky facing me, Anne Marie lifts her friend's tee shirt off. Becky is nude underneath.

Anne Marie circles her waist with her arms and holds her close. She puts her lips to Becky's ear and whispers. "Remember the first night we all slept together?"

Becky nods.

Anne Marie's hands slide up and down Becky's torso, cupping her breasts and letting her fingers slide through her pubic hair. Becky's eyes close and her lips part. My dick gets even harder.

"Remember, you said you gave the best head in the world. Well, now's the time to show us." Anne Marie pinches her friend's nipples and Becky's knees buckle slightly.

Anne Marie breaks the embrace and leads Becky on to the bed. Anne Marie crawls over me, pausing to dip her very wet opening onto my erection and then slides right off.

I think she wants Becky to taste her juices when she gives me head. Becky leans in, and tongue, lips and teeth bring me to the edge many times as she backs off at the last moment. She spends equal time on each testicle, rolling each between her lips. I turn once to look at Anne Marie, who has three fingers buried in her crotch and one hand pulling at her nipples.

Becky again takes me inside her mouth and I know the end is near and mumble something to that effect. Instead of speeding up, Becky begins a series of long, slow movements up and down my shaft while sucking hard.

I feel the orgasm start in my toes and work its way up. When it reaches my balls, I explode. It felt like rivers of cum spurting out. Becky does not take her mouth off and is trying her best to swallow all of it, but I am getting ahead of her.

As some cum dribbles out of her mouth, Anne Marie moves in and licks it off. She then lifts Becky's mouth from my still hard and sensitive member, and kisses her full on the mouth. Soon their tongues are darting back and forth sharing the last remains of the biggest orgasm I ever had.

We all fall back with our heads on the pillows. Finally, Anne Marie breaks the reverie. "I don't know about you, Owen, but that looked like the best fucking head I have ever seen."

"Amen!" was all I could manage. I soon doze off in post-orgasmic satisfaction.

When I awake, the girls are naked, sitting together on one side of the bed drinking mimosas. Anne Marie then says the birthday party that night will certainly have some interesting conversations. She then tells me to go take a shower while she and Becky clean up the kitchen. I follow her suggestion and wonder what surprises I might encounter at the party down stairs.

Familiarity Breeds Interest Ch. 02
byorie©

Anne Marie, Becky and I were excited to go to Rita's birthday part. The girls kept teasing me about Anne Marie exposing me to Linda earlier. Becky asks if I will be embarrassed to be around her tonight. I said I could handle it. None of us mentioned the blow job Becky gave me in front of Anne Marie, but I also didn't pick any awkward vibes and so I was not going to bring up the subject. And, for the record, it was one of the best blow jobs I have ever received, either before or since.

We go downstairs to the party around 10 and things are already hopping. There are about 20 people there, mostly friends of Rita and Linda, with a few more girls than guys in the mix. Linda's teacher buddies are there and Rita has about a dozen of her college pals.

Our landlady, Kathy, who lives on the first floor, is also at the party. She is a VP at one of the big banks in Boston and bought the house about two years ago. She is in her early 30s and quite attractive. Usually we see her going out with dark business suits, but tonight she wears a jeans skirt, white silk camisole with a blue oxford cloth shirt over it and loosely tied in front. Her blond hair is free from its usual bun and hangs low on her shoulders. She still wears her glasses, but her blue eyes are clearly visible. It is obvious that she has no bra under the cami, and her breasts move seductively under the silky garment. She is about 5'7 and trim and fit.

Rita starts right in on me, telling me how unfair it was. Kathy asked what was unfair, and Rita just shrugged and says, "I'll tell you later, maybe."

Some of the girls there seem to be giving me a look, and I don't know if Rita or Linda has told them about this afternoon. I think that since Linda's friends are also Catholic school teachers, she probably didn't share. Linda's friends are another story. They are young and sexy college kids.

About three beers into the party, I'm talking with Rita and Anne Marie, and say I have to pee. Rita says, "Great, me, too, let's go.

I reply, "What do you mean, 'Let's'".

I look at Anne Marie who nods encouragingly. Rita smiles and pulls me by the hand toward the bathroom. We have to wait until it's free. Rita just holds my hand and giggles.

When the door opens she pushes me in and locks it behind her. "Owen, fair is fair and Linda got a treat I didn't. Since it's my birthday, I want to enjoy the same view she had."

I tell her I am worried what Anne Marie might say, and Rita says she's already talked to her and Anne Marie said if she got a chance to take it.

I protest that Linda walked in on me while I was naked, and that I didn't strip for her. I also say I really had to pee. Rita is a little buzzed and just mumbles "minor details." She also points out that last semester her co-op program for phys-ed and sports medicine had her working in the Patriots training room.

"Believe me, I've seen more guys peeing in the last year than I can count."

I figure what the hell and unzip and start to reach for my dick. I hesitate and say maybe this is not a good idea.

"Come on," she insists. "It's my birthday. Fulfill my fantasy about the hunk living upstairs."

"Fantasy?"

"Whatever," she says, "I want to see what Linda saw."

So, I pull out my dick.

She makes me turn all the way around to face her, and then rubs her hand over my ass and confirms its tightness.

"Can you take down your pants?" she asks.

I stare at her.

"I really want to see your ass," she explains. She sits on the small hamper and drums her fingers on the sink.

I can tell she is more than a little tipsy and tell her so.

"So, it's my birthday. Let me enjoy it."

I undo my jeans and slip them and my boxers to my ankles. Rita continues to examine my crotch.

"Thank God, you're just uncircumcised," she says.

"What do you mean?"

Rita laughs and says that Linda told her I had something wrong with my penis. It was deformed.

Still laughing, Rita explains that Linda really had only seen two guys naked. One was her boyfriend in college, who was her one and only lover. The other was his roommate who liked to sleep nude and walk around in front of her letting it all hang out. She said both of them had "normal" penises.

Although, I was standing there with my pants on the floor, we are carrying on a conversation as if nothing was different from any other chat.

We both get a chuckle out of Linda's naiveté. I then say I still have to pee bad. Rita points to the john and I go over, lift the seat and let it rip. I am just mid-stream when there's a knock on the door.

Rita calls out to ask who's there.

"It's Kathy, are you going to be long?"

"Nope." Rita jumps up and runs to the door. I panic. Here I am peeing and Rita is about to let our landlady in the room. I hiss to Rita to not open the door, but she ignores me and unlocks and opens the door and pulls Kathy in, and slams it shut again.

I finished and am giving it a shake, about to pull my pants up as fast as I can.

"Hey, I could wait..." Kathy begins. Then she sees me bent over yanking up my jeans and boxers, giving her a full moon.

Kathy lets out a little yell. "Holy Shit! I didn't mean to interrupt."

I only imagine what Kathy thinks is going on.

Rita assures her she didn't disturb anything and quickly explains what went on in the afternoon, and how she is satisfying herself. She also points out that she was checking for deformities.

I begin to apologize to Kathy, but she cuts me off. "Hey, it's cool. Besides this is my sexual highlight of the year."

Rita pulls me aside so I am standing next to Kathy and she drops her pants and sits on the toilet to pee. Kathy must be thinking she has a bunch of crazies in her building, but Rita is totally blasé about it.

She also relays what Linda had told her about my CFNM waitering and says the house ought to have a party with me as the waiter. Kathy readily agrees.

Rita wipes and stands up to pull up her panties and jeans. I catch a quick glimpse of her brown and closely trimmed pubes and can detect the delicate slit. I harden in my own jeans.

Rita and I leave Kathy to tend to her business in private. In the hallway, Rita locks her arms around my neck, kisses me and says that she can't wait for her real birthday party dinner. Her hand slips onto my crotch through my jeans and gives me a good squeeze, whispering she loves the feel of it so hard. She smiles and rubs it for a few moments.

"God, you are a hunk, Owen." She kisses me again and pulls me tight against her. I ease off and say she should go get a drink, while I calm down. She lets her hand trace my erection through my jeans and then saunters back into the dining room.

I turn to see Kathy standing in the doorway of the bathroom. She has seen the interaction between Rita and me and is looking at the outline of my excited state.

"Some kids have all the fun," she says and passes by me, pausing to give me a kiss on the cheek. She smells terrific.

Later that night, Anne Marie, Becky and I are again naked in our bed, sharing stories about the party. I tell them the whole truth about the bathroom incident. Becky asks if Anne Marie is angry.

Anne Marie sips some wine and thinks for a while. "No, I don't think so. I know Owen is an exhibitionist. He likes to be looked at; it turns him on. I also know he cares for me and, I think, is faithful to me." I nod.

"I'm more of a voyeur," she continues, "but I also like exhibitionism. I remember nude modeling myself in college, and how turned on I would get. So, I can understand Owen, and I can also find some sexual gratification in watching other women admire his nakedness.

"Owen is a good storyteller, and I get excited listening to his experience in the bathroom. Kathy is gorgeous and always looks so professional. Thinking about her seeing my boyfriend nearly naked is very exciting. Very exciting. And, Rita is so cute and innocent looking. You would never think she would act that way, but there she was inspecting his penis and groping him for good measure.

"Yes, I find that exciting. I am thinking about Kathy watching them, and then seeing how excited Owen was. I would have loved to have seen that, maybe through a secret mirror or something—totally voyeuristic."

Anne Marie finishes her wine and gets up to get another bottle. As she is walking out, I speak to Becky, but loud enough for Anne Marie to hear.

"I am more exhibitionist than voyeur, but I love watching Anne Marie walk around naked. I love how her boobs bounce, I love the way the light catches her bush and makes all sorts of fascinating colors, and I adore her ass as it sways back and forth."

Anne Marie returns with a new bottle and a big smile; she obviously loved my comments. Becky asks if I would want Anne Marie to be naked in front of other men.

I think about that for a while and finally say, "If it made her feel good sexually, I wouldn't mind. But, I would not be turned on by it. I was turned on, and am turned on, by having you and her naked together. Or, imaging her naked along with say Rita, Linda and Kathy—all of whom would also have to be naked."

Anne Marie laughs and says, "Typical male fantasy—multiple girls."

I say "I don't fantasize about Anne Marie having sex with another woman, although I wouldn't object if that's what she wanted."

I do not disclose to Becky that I know that Anne Marie has experienced sex with women. We had never done a three-way with another woman.

Continuing on, I say, "I just imagine her and other women I know, not strangers, being naked together. You know, like in a locker room, a changing room, getting ready for a party, when all the girls are swapping clothes. Those are the typical male fantasies I like."

Becky says "obviously." We all look down at my erection pointing to the ceiling.

Becky then brings up the subject that is on the back of all of our minds since this morning.

"Guys, did we fuck up today? I love you both so much, I'm worried we crossed a line we can't uncross."

Anne Marie asks if she wished she never gave me a blow job. Becky pauses a long time and we can tell she is weighing her response.

Anne Marie encourages her to tell the truth.

Becky looks at her. "No, I loved it."

Anne Marie smiles, "Good. If you said anything different, I would call you a liar."

She then turns to me. "Did you like it? Or, do you wish it never happened?"

I too am trying to gauge how thin the ice is. I began, "Anne Marie, you are the sexiest woman I know and you are a fantastic lover. And..."

"Cut the bullshit, Owen. Did you like the blow job from Becky or not? And, do you now wish it never happened?"

I return her gaze. "It was an un-fucking-believable blow job. I do not wish it never happened. I only worry it might harm our relationship."

Anne Marie takes all that in. "That's what I figured."

"OK, here's my thought. I am not sure why I encouraged it. Well, that's not true. I loved the voyeurism of watching. I also think Becky is sexy and watching her give you a blow job added to the sensuality of the event. I loved the way her breasts swayed as she bent over you. I was fascinated by the sight of her sex between her spread legs. Right, you two are wondering if I want to jump Becky's bones. Well, not to tell too many tales out of school, but I do find Becky attractive. I got a thrill seeing her naked and even more of a thrill seeing her naked and doing oral on you.

"And, Becky don't hate me for this, but that first time when we stripped you while you were painting, and made you be our naked waiter. Well, watching you walk around with an erection was a turn on for both of us. So, while you were busy elsewhere, Becky and I..."

Becky blushes and the crimson runs from her face down on to her milky white breasts. "God, Anne Marie, you're not going to tell him, are you?"

Anne Marie nods and continues. "Well, we each got off. By that I mean we each masturbated while cuddled under the blanket on the couch. I did myself, and Becky did herself. We were leaning against each other, and we had our hands down our pants. It was sexy beyond belief."

We let her comments hang in the air and silently sip more wine. All this talk does nothing to relieve my erection.

"So," Anne Marie picks up, "the question is what happens next. This morning I touched you, Becky, and enjoyed the feeling of your beautiful breasts and the softness of the patch between your legs."

As she speaks, Anne Marie traces Becky's breasts with one hand and plays with her nipples.

"Does this offend you?" she asks.

Becky has closed her eyes. She opens them and looks at Anne Marie.

"God, no, it feels so good."

Anne Marie bends down and kisses her softly on the lips.

"Ok, I propose a couple rules or, at least guidelines."

"First, Owen is my boyfriend. Becky if you want a boyfriend, get your own. Second, we may have group sex again if all of us are comfortable with that. Third, you two do not need my permission to be naked around each other, flirt, play a modified game of grab ass, or grab dick or tits, or whatever. But, you do not have my permission to trade oral sex without me knowing. I do not have to be there, but I do not want to be played a fool."

Anne Marie pauses and takes a long drink of her wine.

"Fourth, I am still thinking about if we should share fucking. Now, this all presumes that Becky is interested and willing. But, I know she likes you, thinks you're cute and, in all honesty, probably has a crush on you.

"Finally, will we ever do a real three-way? Time will tell, boys and girls, time will tell."

We refill our wine glasses and let silence surround us for a while. Anne Marie strokes my cock to keep me hard.

"By the way Becky if you want to get head I highly recommend Owen's talents, and that's within the guidelines. But, for now, no fucking. Becky, you may find that too frustrating, and I will understand if you do not want to continue to play by these rules. But, if you can handle it, I think we can have a lot of fun."

Again, silence. We all avoid looking at each other.

Finally, Becky speaks up. "I think I can handle all that. I don't have a boyfriend right now and have been seriously deprived in the orgasm receiving and giving areas. A vibrator can only do so much. So, I'm game. Especially, if I get to suck that beautiful cock again."

She smiles and bends over and takes me full in her mouth.

Anne Marie laughs and I groan, and we reach an accord.

Anne Marie then adds one more component of the deal.

"Becky, one last thing. I watched you give a world class blow job to Owen. Now, I want you to watch as I fuck his brains out. Think of it as an experiment to see if you are more voyeur or exhibitionist."

With that, Anne Marie kisses Becky. They hug each other, with their breasts pushing against each other. I watch as tongues slide back and forth. Anne Marie bends and takes Becky's left nipple in her lips, sucking the already excited bud. After treating the right nipple in the same way, Anne Marie kisses Becky deeply.

She then climbs on top of me, lowering her incredibly, tight, hot and wet sex on my dick and proceeds to fuck my brains out.

After that weekend, Becky starts staying over fairly regularly on Saturday nights. We would do errands, and have fun during the day, cook a great meal in the evening, then sleep either all three of us together, or just me and Anne Marie.

If Anne Marie is really horny, she asks Becky to join us in bed in the morning. Becky gets the hint and takes the guest room. Anne Marie screws me with great abandon. In the morning, Becky joins us for a long snuggle. I eventually get up and make breakfast. The girls hold each other and sleep while I work.

One morning, Becky joins us and we are soon all back to sleep. Later, Anne Marie says she feels like lox and bagels and gets up and dresses to head out to the market. Becky and I are spooning, my soft dick nestled into her warm ass. Becky reaches behind and takes my penis and rubs until I am hard. She lifts one leg and positions my erection between her thighs, with my head pushing against her lips. With a backward thrust from her, I quickly find myself rubbing hard against her sex.

We had never done this before, and although I want to consider all the ramifications, I also want to be inside her. I push my erection against her moist lips and slip a finger inside. Becky moans and we begin slow movements back and forth.

I know if I do not stop now, I cannot stop. I pull back and roll over. "We can't," is all I can manage. Becky nestles into the crook of my arm and murmurs her agreement, although she voices the desire we both have to fully explore each other.

I hear the back door open and Anne Marie calls out.

"Hey, Anne Marie," Becky yells. "Can I give Owen a good suck?"

"No, prob," shouts Anne Marie.

Becky bends over and takes me in her mouth.

She then jumps out of bed and runs to the kitchen. She returns in a flash with a mischievous grin. She informs me that Anne Marie is just fine with her giving me full morning head. She does and then we move out for breakfast.

It is early spring, and the rain keeps us indoors for the day. I light a fire and we camp out in the living room, tearing through the Sunday Globe and Sunday Times, scrounging for all sorts of snack food and dozing off. Around 4, as dusk was approaching, Anne Marie appears in our midst with her baggie and rolling papers. Soon we are sharing a quality joint and mellowing on the couch with a light blanket covering us. I am in the middle.

Anne Marie asks if I enjoyed the blow job this morning. I sigh and say definitely. She smile and says I don't have to make it sound that good. She then laughs and I know she is kidding.

She then asks if I have gone down on Becky. I tell her no. She asks me why not.

Sometimes Anne Marie can be intimidating and I wonder what really is on her mind. I tell her I don't really know how to bring it up.

"You think I would be jealous or angry?"

"Well, I thought you might be. I thought if I brought it up, you would think I wanted to do it."

"Well, don't you?"

After a pause and a long toke, I say "yes."

"Becky, do you want Owen to go down on you?"

Becky says this is the "weirdest fucking conversation" she's ever had.

"Stop evading the question. Do you want Owen, my boyfriend, to perform oral sex on you or not?"

"Well, if he weren't your boyfriend—then yes, definitely."

Anne Marie takes the joint from Becky and takes a deep hit, holding the smoke in for an eternity.

"So, because he is my boyfriend, you don't have the desire. Or, you have the desire, but hesitate because he is my boyfriend?"

Becky giggles from tension and the effects of the primo grade dope. "The latter, definitely the latter."

Anne Marie pulls me to her and kisses me hard on the lips. She explores my mouth with her tongue and kisses me all over my face. Returning to my lips, she softens her mouth and kisses me soulfully.

Looking me in the eyes, she smiles and says in her softest voice, "Please go down on Becky. Do it now and do it here. I want to watch."

Anne Marie stands and pulls me up. Facing me toward Becky, who remains seated on the couch, she undresses me. Dropping to her knees, she puts me in her mouth and quickly brings me to a full erection. She then turns, still on her knees and starts to unbutton Becky's shirt. Pulling it off her, she then lifts the cotton cami, exposing Becky's small breasts with the visibly aroused nipples. Anne Marie licks each one, then takes each breast in her mouth and suckles the tiny mounds.

Becky's head is now back, her eyes closed and her mouth slack.

Anne Marie then loosens the strings on Becky's sweatpants. Becky raises her hips and Anne Marie slips them and Becky's bikinis off. She kisses Becky's stomach, her navel, and finally rests her head in her friend's crotch. By the movement of Anne Marie's head and the reaction from Becky, I know her tongue is in action. Anne Marie then breaks off and reaches back for me. Pulling me down, she positions me between Becky's spread legs. 

I begin at her knees, and slowly lick, kiss and nip my way to her crotch. Ignoring the spot that begs to be touched, I repeat my attentions on her other thigh. I kiss my way up to her breasts and for the first time taste them with my tongue.

Becky and I then kiss with open mouths.

Retracing my path down her body, I am now at the red, trimmed patch. Her clit is swollen and pushing against the hood visible through the silky strands. I turn to check in once more with Anne Marie only to see she has stripped and is masturbating with two fingers while watching Becky and me.

I begin licking her clit, then taking it in my mouth, teasing it with my tongue, pulling it with my teeth, and using my fingers to roll it back and forth. Becky moans, groans and keeps thrusting up to return my pressure. I slip my middle finger in and start searching for her G spot. I find it and rub back and forth while tonguing her clit. Soon Becky's legs tighten on my head, her fingers grab my hair to push my face harder into her soaking sex, and she lets out a growl that seems to come from the deepest part of her essence.

She comes in five long spasms and then relaxes so quickly, I think she's passed out. I look up to see Anne Marie's face approaching me. We kiss and soon her tongue removes all traces of the sweet juices that linger on my lips, chin and cheeks. She leans her head in and softly licks the remaining wetness from Becky's still swollen sex. I stare in wonder as Anne Marie's tongue disappears inside Becky. Becky groans and Anne Marie retracts it.

We somehow made it to bed and sleep for two hours. I wake to find Anne Marie and Becky holding each other. They look at me and Anne Marie announces that Becky wants to say something. Becky puts her hand on my face, stroking my cheek. "That was the best orgasm I've had in a long, long, long time. Thank you, thank you and thank you."

I lean up and kiss her softly, and reach past her face and kiss Anne Marie. "I kinda enjoyed it my self," I admit.

We wake again later with a serious case of the munchies. The women tell me to stay in bed and they scurry out to scrounge some food.

When they return and settle back in the bed, one on either side of me, we devour the M&M's, pretzels and marshmallow fluff.

With a spoon of fluff poised at her mouth, Anne Marie looks at Owen and Becky and declares.

"Now, let's start thinking about the dinner we are going to have for the entire house, with our naked waiter."

She and Becky squeal and high five each other. I wonder what I getting into, but knew whatever it is, it will be fun. Thinking of serving five beautiful women while being completely naked gets my imagination and libido moving ahead in high gear.

Familiarity Breeds Interest Ch. 03
byorie©

Anne Marie, Becky and I plan the menu for the dinner where I will be a naked waiter for the five women. There will be five courses, soup, fish, meat, cheese, salad and then dessert. We are working through the logistics, when I speak up.

"I just don't see how I can do it. There's just too much food to serve and clear, and then prep the next course. We have to cut something out."

"Or, get some help," puts in Anne Marie.

"Right," I say, "who are we going to ask?"

Anne Marie thinks for a bit, then smiles.

"I might have a solution that will work."

Becky and I can get no more out of her.

The next two days are spent finalizing the menu, buying ingredients and supplies and cleaning the apartment. We are going to hold the dinner the Sunday night before the Patriot's Day holiday in Massachusetts. We can use the entire weekend preparing the meal, and no one will have to get up early the next morning.

Kathy, Linda and Rita insist on getting the wine, and Anne Marie makes a list of the types we will need. Linda also says she will bring pastries from a North End bakery.

On the day of the party, Becky and I are begging Anne Marie to let us know who will be the extra help.

Anne Marie just smiles and said that question will be answered soon enough. We have everything ready by 4PM. Anne Marie tells me to go take a shower.

I am finishing up when a breeze moves the shower curtain. The next second it is pulled back and a naked Becky stands in front of me.

She holds a razor and a can of shaving cream.

"Anne Marie says we should give the girls a real show and have a 'clean' waiter tonight."

She steps into the shower, pulls the curtain closed, drops to her knees and begins to lather my pubic hair. In a few moments, my already trimmed patch and balls are devoid of hair. Becky turns me around and trims the little bit of hair on my back and buttocks. Delicately, she cleans the space between my legs, careful not to nick my balls.

Twirling me around, she takes my dick into her mouth and moves her mouth up until her lips brush against my newly shaved pubis.

"Mmmm," she moans. Pulling away, she says, "Nice, no nose tickles. I think I am going to extra enjoy our little sessions from now on."

She stands up and shaves my chest smooth. She then lathers my face and shaves two day's growth off. Putting down the razor, she put her arms around me and kisses me.

"You are so fucking sexy, Owen."

"Might I say the same," I respond moving my hands over her butt.

"Out you go, I have to shower."

I step out and started drying. Slinging the towel over my shoulder I exit the bathroom.

Standing in front of me in the dining room are Anne Marie and another person. We lock eyes, then the other person's gaze travels down my body.

The surprise of seeing Trish, our favorite waitress from the pub we frequent, makes my prick move.

"Owen," says Anne Marie, "say hi to your partner tonight."

Trish smiles and shakes her head. "This is wicked better than the pictures. Owen you are wicked hung."

After my nude modeling adventure, the girls were sharing photos of my various poses at the pub when Trish saw them. She asked if she could have one and we were happy to oblige her with two that she chose.

They are now laughing and Anne Marie says, "Owen, the shaved look is fantastic. I can't wait for the girls to see it. It makes your dick look bigger, not that it looked small before."

"Wicked bigger," adds Trish.

"So, how's this going to work," I ask as I wrap the towel around my waist.

"Trish will help with the cooking and plate up everything in the kitchen. You will just serve and clear. When you bring dishes back she will take them and clean up. You concentrate on serving. It will work just fine."

I agree it sounds like a good plan.

"What is?" comes a voice from behind.

I turn to see a naked Becky coming out of the bath with her head down, toweling off her hair.

"Our kitchen helper," I answer.

"Huh?" says Becky as she looks up to see Trish staring at her.

"Geeze, I guess clothing is sorta optional around here," the blond blurts out.

Becky smiles slightly.

Anne Marie says, "As a matter of fact it is."

She pulls off the caftan she is wearing, does a pirouette and saunters to the bath.

"Holy shit," says Trish.

Becky excuses herself and disappears into her room to get ready.

I tell Trish I'll be right back after I get dressed.

She looks confused, "But I thought you were like going to be sorta naked."

I smile and ask her to start getting the wine glasses out to accompany the hors d'oeuvres we'll be serving in the living room.

A few minutes later I return wearing a pair of flip-flops and a silk striped tie that hangs down to my navel.

"See, I'm not over dressed after all," I say.

"Fuckin' a no," she replies.

I turn for her, flex my cheeks and face her again.

"Approve?"

"Gosh, Owen, you are like so fuckin' hot. I hope I don't jump your bones in the kitchen. Just kidding."

"Hey, no problem and thanks for the compliment.'

I help her set the wine glasses on the coffee table.

"So, how are things with you?"

"Well, pretty good. I dumped the wee willie wienie asshole and started back to school. I already had my associate's degree, and I figured I should finish my bachelor's. Just community college, but I might transfer to U Mass Boston next semester. And, I have your pictures right in my room. Gotta say, though, the original is lots better."

We both laugh. Together, we lay out the crudités, dip and selection of olives. I put two bottles of champagne in wine coolers and set them a table by the couch.

In the kitchen I stir the soup, while Trish sets out the bowls.

Bending over, I check the sole baking in the oven. It is nearly done, so I turn the oven to warm and cover the dish with tin foil. My plan is to serve the fish and pour white wine, while Trish goes downstairs to Rita and Linda's where the rack of lamb is baking. If I have worked out the timing correctly, she would bring it up and I will carve it while she rinses and places the fish plates in the dishwasher.

I am just finishing putting the foil on the fish, when Trish says, "Owen, if you keep bending over like that, I am going to go crazy. Do you know how good your butt looks now? I just want to grab it."

I push the oven rack back in and close the door. Straightening up, I turn to Trish.

"Sorry, but you'll just have to get used to me being nude. We are going to be working closely here, and I can't worry about what is showing and what isn't."

"A problem?" asks Anne Marie as she walks into the kitchen with a towel wrapped around her.

"Just trying to establish some boundaries," I say.

"Oh, I get it."

She motions for Trish to stand next to her.

"He does look yummy," Anne Marie says.

"Oh, yeah," answers Trish.

"Look, you will never get over this awkwardness unless we do something. Owen, come here, please."

I cross and stand in front of the two women.

"Turn around, dear."

I do. Anne Marie tells Trish to put her hands on my butt.

She shakes her head, but Anne Marie insists.

Trish reaches out her hands and cups my tight cheeks. She squeezes and runs her fingers up and down my back, commenting on my muscles.

Anne Marie nudges her close to me and guides her hands around my middle. Trish takes the hint and runs her hands up and down my front, and then, with Anne Marie guiding her fingers, lets one hand rest on my penis and the other cup my balls.

"Ok, that should do it. Anymore, and he'll be putting eyes out with that thing."

Trish laughs and releases me. The ice had been broken and we both get back to work.

We were taking one last look around the kitchen and nodding approval at the preparations, when the front doorbell rings.

Becky calls out she will get it. Anne Marie dashes to the bedroom to finish dressing.

"Owen, you are really hot. I love the feel of you being shaved. God, I never thought I'd have my hands on you."

Just then, Trish and I hear female voices and laughter from the living room. In a bit, we hear Anne Marie's voice joining in.

The kitchen door swings open and Becky peeks in.

"Time for champagne, Owen." She looks me up and down once more and runs her tongue along her lips, grinning wolfishly.

Trish rests her hand on my butt and gives me a push, "Showtime, big guy."

I go through the door and into a unique night of erotic delights.

The five women in the living room turn as I enter. Their chatter ceases immediately.

Kathy's mouth hangs open as she was in mid-sentence. Rita smiles approvingly and Linda just stares at the newly shaven area.

Finally, Anne Marie says, "Could we have some champagne, please?"

I nod and walk to the table. I knew they were checking my ass and flex for their benefit. Kathy actually groans and the other women break out laughing. Linda adds an "Amen" and that shatters the remaining ice.

I fill their glasses and they take seats on the couch and chairs. I pass the plate of hors d'oeuvres, and in so doing keep my sex at eye level.

I stand back by the table with the wine coolers as Anne Marie begins engaging the women in conversation. I study how each is dressed.

Rita wears a pair of fashion jeans that look like they were molded to her. On top, she has a pink cotton shirt, open to the waist, with a white low cut tee shirt underneath. I noticed that her breasts are much larger than I had thought. Most times she wore sweat shirts, but tonight her chest pushes against the shirt revealing the push of nipples and her cleavage pops out. Her hair is pulled back behind her ears, but otherwise hangs down to her shoulders. I notice she spent a lot of time on her make-up, and has accented her hazel eyes effectively.

Linda has tan slacks and a light blue knit top. It shows her breasts off nicely. Her blond hair is in a loose pony tail, and her blue eyes sparkle.

Kathy wears a long skirt with a long sleeve silk tee shirt and brocade vest. Her blond hair is brushed full and cascades in waves past her shoulders. Even with her glasses, her blue eyes are sharp and alert.

Anne Marie and Becky wear black slacks, and loose black tops. I imagine there is nothing underneath any of that clothing.

I refill the glasses, open the other bottle and excuse myself to the kitchen.

I come in and find myself covered in a light sheen of perspiration. Using a kitchen towel I wipe myself as best as I can.

Trish takes the towel and wipes my back, lingering a bit on my butt.

"I guess I got a little turned on," I confess.

Trish looks at my member, and says, "Not enough."

I drink some ice water and ask Trish if she would start ladling the soup.

I go back to the living room and ask the women to take their seats.

Back in the kitchen, the temperature had risen due to the steam from the soup, the heat from the oven and the energy we both were expending getting things ready.

I fill a tray with the bowls and enter the dining room. Setting the tray on the sideboard, I place a bowl of soup on plates in front of each of the women. I am close enough to each to inhale the various fragrances each is using and the aromas are intoxicating.

I serve Anne Marie last, and she places her hand on my naked hip, running her fingers up and down my thigh, and thanks me. The other women all see this second of intimacy.

Retrieving two baskets of warm French baguettes from the kitchen I place them on the table.

I pour the last of the champagne and stand to one side as the ladies enjoy the bisque Anne Marie has made.

"Ladies," asks Anne Marie, "what do you think of the new grooming style of our waiter?"

All five women turn to look at me, inspecting my shaved crotch.

Rita says it is "awesome", Linda agrees and Kathy blushes and says, "It's all new to me." The other girls giggle.

When they had finished, I clear and take away the empty bowls and plates.

Trish has tied a bandana around her head to catch the sweat. She has peeled off her sweater and is working in a thin white tee-shirt. Her small breasts and prominent nipples poke through the thin material. She sees me looking at them and smiles shyly.

"Not like Anne Marie's, right? God, does she have a bod to die for, or what. When she took off that caftan, I thought I was watching a freakin' movie star. Becky is cute, too, but her tits are more in my category."

"Trish, they look lovely. I cannot think about them, however, or I will never get back out that door." Already, I feel a stirring in my groin.

Trish had plated the sole and I was dribbling a light sauce over the lightly stuffed fish. Taking two plates at a time, I serve the women and then return with a bottle of a dry white Bordeaux. As I pour, Becky runs her hand up my back and gently pats my butt.

I feel more blood rushing to my groin, but concentrate on pouring the wine for the others.

Taking her cue from Becky, Rita also runs her hand over my butt. Letting it linger for a moment, feeling the muscles.

When everyone is served, I stand by as they talk and eat. They are all praising the food. Then Kathy says, "And the service."

The five women turn to me and raise their glasses. "And the service," they say in unison.

I bow and then go around topping off the glasses. As the last lady finishes, I begin to clear the plates and forks, making one stack to carry back.

I push the door open to find Trish standing at the sink stretching her tee shirt out in front of her and running water on it. Sensing me she looks up.

"I spilled the fuckin' grease from the rack of lamb and damn near burned myself. I am trying to get the grease out so it doesn't make my stomach all icky."

"Forget it, it will be a mess and will need to be washed. I'll get you a clean shirt."

I slip out of the kitchen and duck into our bedroom. I grab one of Becky's white tee shirts that was on the bed and return to the kitchen.

I offer it to Trish. She smiles and strips off her wet and stained shirt. Naked from the waist up, she holds out her hand for the shirt.

Her breasts are tiny, smaller than Becky's, and are milky white and topped with dark nipples and hardly any visible areolas. Her nipples point out to the side and are erect. Her right nipple is pierced by a small silver bar.

My member starts to swell, rapidly.

"Shit," I say. I open the fridge and pull out a large bowl of water with fragments of ice floating in it. "Christ, I hate this part."

Holding it in front of me, I dip my balls and semi-erect penis into the chilled water. I grimace and fight the urge to cry out. In a few seconds the trick works, and I pull out.

My penis is back to normal, or even less. My balls are shriveled, but I have avoided an erection.

Placing the bowl back in the fridge, I tell Trish, "Don't drink that water."

She giggles and pulls on the new tee-shirt. It doesn't do much to hide her erect nipples. I wrap an apron around my middle and immediately go to work carving the rack. When I separate the meat, I ask Trish to begin plating it along with the small white boiled potatoes and steamed broccoli.

Stripping off the apron, I return to the dining room and remove the white wine glasses. I had opened some cabernet earlier and start filling the red glasses.

Standing between Rita and Linda, I feel each girl put a hand on my thigh and run it up the inside, stopping a breath away from my balls. Each then cups a cheek and squeezes. I tighten for them and they giggle.

"Jesus, Anne Marie, how can you keep your hands off this ass?" asks Rita.

"I don't try to," replies Anne Marie.

They all laugh. Rita then trails one finger down my crack and lets it slide underneath and lightly touch my balls. Linda sees her and Rita responds by motioning with her head to do the same. Slowly, Linda runs her hand up my thigh and fondles my other nut.

Anne Marie says, "It's too early for dessert girls."

Rita and Linda blush and remove their hands. I guess that all the wine is certainly having an effect.

I rush back to the kitchen and Trish starts handing me the plates, which look terrific.

I nod my approval, kiss her on the cheek in gratitude and return to serve the ladies. When they all have plates in front of them, I gather the bread baskets and go back for refills. Trish is leaning against the counter, holding a glass of ice water to her temples.

"You're doing great," I say. I have to reach behind her to get the bread. Our bodies touch, and I slide my arm around her waist.

"Really, you are great. And, you look so sexy in that shirt. Actually, you looked even better without it."

We kiss lightly and then, I open the tin foil package to put more warm bread in the basket.

I serve the bread and the ladies are enjoying the meat and having a lively conversation.

I take the bottle of red and fill Anne Marie's glass. Kathy wants more, and instead of waiting for me to pour, she reaches her glass toward where I stand. As I turn, my penis rubs against the back of her hand and comes to rest on her forearm.

The conversation screeches to a halt as they all notice the situation.

"Wine or something else?" I ask.

Kathy is staring at my penis as it lies on her silk sleeve.

Anne Marie reaches over and picks up my member and lets it drop.

Breaking the silence, Kathy says, "God, yes, more wine. And, I am never washing this shirt again."

The women howl, I pour and the night moves on.

I am allowed a rest after clearing the meat plates, and removing the extra silverware and bread baskets. I tell the ladies that the next course will be served in a while and they should just relax at the table and enjoy their wine. I brush up the crumbs and retreat to the kitchen. Trish has made up the cheese tray and added some fruit. I say I need fresh air.

Agreeing with me, we step out the back door, cross the small hallway and open the door to the outdoor porch.

Standing naked in the April night, I feel the chilled air spill over my body. There is a three quarter moon and the landing is softly illuminated. Trish pulls the bandana from her head and wipes her face.

"God, I am freaking burning up." With that she pulls her tee-shirt over her head and drapes it over the railing. She then wipes her breasts and chest with the bandana. I dry her back with the towel I brought out with me. Trish leans back into me and I slip my arms around her waist. She takes my hands and moves them to her breasts.

They are soft but firm and the nipples stiffen and harden under my fingers. I let my fingers play with the bar in her right nipple. My reaction is immediate and my erection presses against her small butt packed tightly in her jeans. She reaches behind and grabs my erection.

I whisper in her ear that I don't want to be like one of those assholes at the bar who are always hitting on her.

She squeezes my erection and whispers back that I am not and she is enjoying the contact.

I kiss her neck and massage her breasts. She slowly rubs me up and down. She turns, embraces me, and we kiss.

"I so want to fuck you right now," she whispers into my ear.

"Yes, I know, but we can't," I say weakly as she grinds her crotch against mine.

She kisses me again then stands back.

Guiding my face to her breasts, she moans as I take each little bud into my mouth, teasing then biting gently.

"Lord, I so, so, so want to fuck you," she repeats.

"Trish, I am turned on, as you can tell, but we have to stop. This is not the time, place nor circumstance to go further. But, believe me, you are beautiful and the way you look in this moonlight is driving me crazy. But, I have to get back in, try to get rid of his hard-on, and get through the rest of dinner."

She kisses me, rubs my erection one last time, then turns, pulls on her shirt and goes inside. 

I catch my breath and turn to go back in.

In the hallway I meet Trish carrying the chilled bowl of water.

After another two minutes of torture, I reenter the kitchen and wink at Trish. She winks back, tales the bowl and I pick up the tray with the cheese and serving plates and go back in.

I finish the last of the red wine topping off the glasses. The ladies say they can't handle another bottle right now, and ask if it would be rude if they skip the salad. They admit to being stuffed and want to leave some room for dessert.

I agree and suggest they go into the living room to relax and I will bring coffee before they have dessert.

I clear the table and go back to find Trish finishing making a pot of coffee. She pours it into a carafe and puts cream and sugar on a tray, next to cups and saucers.

I bring the tray to the living room and serve the coffee. The women are relaxing in the candlelit room, and I notice they all have unsnapped their pants or loosened a skirt.

I stand silently, letting them look at me. The wine has also loosened everyone's tongue.

Rita says, "See, Linda, it's uncircumcised. That skin pulls back when he's excited and it looks like a regular cock then."

Linda punches her roommate's arm, "I knew that."

"Like hell you did," retorts Rita. "You thought he had an accident or something."

"God, Rita, you are such a bitch.'

Anne Marie interjects. "Look, we all learn things new all the time. Linda, it's Ok if you had only seen circumcised men before. There's no shame in that. Now, you've seen a man who is different from what you've known. God knows, I was freaked by the first one I saw."

"Really," asks Linda.

"Really, dear," Anne Marie assures her. "So, how about a little show and tell?"

She motions for me to come to her. Linda is sitting next to Anne Marie on the couch. Anne Marie reaches out and rubs the newly shaven area.

"Do you like this look, Linda?"

"It's very different, but sexy different."

"Feel how smooth it is," says Anne Marie.

Linda hesitates, and Anne Marie takes her hand and places it on my pubis. Linda lets her fingers move back and forth. Anne Marie then repositions her hand onto my sack.

"God, this is smooth, too." Linda gingerly feels each testicle.

"Now, watch, dear," says Anne Marie.

She pulls back my foreskin, revealing the head beneath.

"Does that look more familiar?" she asks.

Linda can only nod. Anne Marie points the tip of my dick toward Linda. Hesitatingly, Linda puts her small fingers on my shaft and with the other hand slides back the foreskin. She repeats this motion, smiling broadly.

She finally removes her hands and sits back, making a movement of fanning herself.

The other women laugh.

Anne Marie asks me to serve dessert.

Linda says she will help, since she brought the canolis.

Anne Marie says, "Are you sure?"

"Of course, why not?"

"Well, our waitstaff is naked, so if you help, you'll have to be nude, too."

Linda's mouth drops open. She stays that way for a few moments, then says, "I guess Owen can handle it himself."

"Pity," said Anne Marie.

I return to the kitchen. Trish had plated the canolis and is whipping up a fresh batch of cream for the topping.

I take a long drink of ice water and comment I am getting a little worried.

"Why," asks Trish as she concentrates on bringing the cream to the right consistency.

I explain how Anne Marie was showing me to Linda and how Linda was touching me, and I am as limp as a soft noodle. Trish looks over her shoulder to confirm my assertion.

"So, what's the big deal," she asks. "I mean before you were plunging it in ice water to get rid of a boner."

"Yeah, well, the deal is for dessert I'm supposed to serve them with an erection. Sort of a special treat. Then, they can do whatever."

"Whatever," asks Trish?

"Yeah, like put whipped cream on it and clean it off. Stuff like that."

"Great, and here I am a fuckin' scullery maid and just get to make the fuckin' whipped cream."

They both smile, then Trish gets a wicked grin.

"Unless..."

"Unless what?" I ask.

"Unless, I test drive the whipped cream and get you ready for the big show at the same time."

I raise an eyebrow, but say nothing.

Trish crosses to the swinging door that leads to the dining room. She kneels before it, blocking it with her feet.

"No sense taking chances we'll be interrupted."

She peels off her tee shirt, once again exposing her tiny, but erotic, breasts and hard nipples. She motions me to her.

Taking a ladle of whipped cream, she spreads it on my flaccid penis. Then, bending in, she slowly licks it off and finishes by taking the whole of me in her mouth. She moves her mouth, using her tongue on my tip, and soon begins to see the result of her effort.

My erection grows and she draws back. Holding it by the base, she licks it up and down and then caresses my balls with her tongue. She stands and pulls me to her. My erection pushes against her jeans, while her naked breasts are crushed against my chest. Her hands cup my butt and pull me even tighter. She kisses me hard and shoves her tongue deep in my mouth.

Moving away she gazes down at the hard object that now curves back up and toward my clean shaven stomach.

"I think you are ready for your close-up, baby. But, before you go..."

Trish takes the spoon and places a dollop of the whipped cream on each of her small breasts. I look down smile, and joyfully clean each delicate nub.

I pick up the tray of canolis and push through the door.

The women are all back at the table and there's a gasp as I enter the room.

I stand by each woman as she reaches a plate from the tray and places it in front of her.

I finish by serving Anne Marie, who after looking at each woman seated around the table, places a kiss on the tip of my penis, followed by a chorus of "oohs".

I back away and disappear into the kitchen. Trish is still topless and had again dabbed each breast with whipped cream. I cross and licked the delicious tits clean. I pick up the bowl and head back.

I stop at Rita first, holding the bowl just above the tip of my erection. She takes a spoonful and drops it on her canoli.

"Is that all?" asks Anne Marie.

Rita looks at Anne Marie, searching for some sign that she can go further, when Anne Marie gives a slight nod.

Rita takes another spoonful and places it on the tip of my erection. She then opens her mouth and covers the tip, pushing her tongue into the little hole. I close my eyes and Rita swallows half of my engorged member into her mouth. Slowly, she pulls off and kisses the tip gently. She then sucks as much of me as she can in her mouth, and moves up and down slowly. Anne Marie clears her throat and Rita slowly releases me.

I pull the top of her t-shirt out and look down at her full breasts and dark nipples that now extend a half inch. She looks at me and smiles, and plants one more kiss on my erection.

Silently, I move to Linda. I read the indecision and hesitation in her eyes. I wondered if she has ever kissed a man there before. I bend over and kiss her lightly on the lips, then put my mouth to her ear and whisper, "Touch me, please."

As straighten, I can see the relief in her eyes. She reaches out and trails her fingers up and down the shaft, and then circles her hand around and moves it up and down. I move in unison with her.

Linda releases me and puckers for another kiss. I bend and she moves against my mouth, and thrusts her tongue deep inside. I tease her tongue with mine and then move it in her mouth. I break and then lightly kiss her lips. She responds and lightly kisses the tip of my erection. She takes a spoonful of cream, smears it on my tip and then licks it off. With a smile, she says, "Now, I understand the way an uncircumcised one works."

I next move to the head of the table where Anne Marie sits. She covers my penis with the cream and begins a deep throat movement. The other women are transfixed on her action.

I look up to see the kitchen door pulled back. I know the others are not looking in that direction. There stands Trish, her tee shirt off and her pants and panties down at her knees. I clearly see her light blond bush trimmed to a pencil thin strip. She has a tiny ring at the top of her vulva. With one hand she pulls her clit free from its hood, and the other rubs the tiny bud. With Anne Marie's enthusiastic sucking and the sight of the beautiful woman masturbating, I almost lost it. I place a hand on Anne Marie's head, and gently push her back.

Anne Marie understands that I am getting too close for comfort and eases off my rock hard and throbbing erection. She discreetly dries me with her napkin, removing her saliva.

I now stand next to Kathy. She has removed her glasses and looks up at me with deep blue moon eyes. Letting her hand move up and down my deeply muscled thigh, she gives a little shake. She tentatively places a hand on my erection and leans in to kiss my thigh, next to my organ, but never letting her lips touch it.

Allowing herself a few tentative strokes of my erection, she breaks contact. I place the bowl on the table and kneel next to her. As I do so, I notice the kitchen door is closed.

I put my face even with Kathy, and lean in for a kiss. Her lips are soft and full, her breath sweet and mixed with all the flavors of the evening. She kisses me back with tenderness. I let my hand slip under her brocaded vest and rest on the outline of her left breast. The silk is delicate and I can feel the naked skin underneath. I outline her areola with my finger, able to detect not only the erect nipple, but also the tiny bumps covering the areola. As I do so, I feel a rush of breath from Kathy flow into my mouth. I dart my tongue inside. She makes no move to push hers into mine. I kiss her once more, then stand. She again lightly strokes my erection. Kissing the tips of her fingers, she then presses them against my tip. Then, looking to Anne Marie for encouragement and receiving a warm smile, Kathy gently kisses the tip of my erection, while her hand encircles it. She gives it several more tiny kisses and lets her hand travel to my balls. Breaking free, she looks up with moon eyes. I bend and again kiss her lips, this time being surprised by her tongue searching my mouth. She moves her head back and I straighten up.

I move finally to Becky. She seems to sense that I am at my limit, and quickly puts a dollop of cream on my tip and just as quickly licks it off.

I put the rest of the whipped cream on the table and stand at the foot, opposite Anne Marie, with Linda and Rita on my right, and Becky and Kathy on my left.

Looking at Anne Marie, I ask, "Is there anything else tonight, Madam?"

"No, not now. But, thank you."

With that the five women begin applauding and rising. They lift their wine glasses in a salute.

I bow and turn and bow again. This brings a cheer from the women. I straighten and walk into the kitchen.

The women are still clapping as the door swings behind me. Trish, fully dressed, is clapping softly.

She hugs me, saying softly, "Thank you."

Holding her tight, I say, "For what?"

"For a night of fun and eroticism. God, I can't believe I stood like that, rubbing one off. I have never, ever, done anything like that. I am still turned on, but also extremely embarrassed."

I stroke her back softly. "Trish, this was an erotic night. It was supposed to be like this. I think it is terrific that you were able to get into it as you did. I have to say I just about lost it looking at you standing there naked, touching yourself that way. That is an image I will never forget. And, I thing that little ring on your pussy is fantastic."

Trish breaks away to look me in the eye. "For real?"

"For real. You are an incredibly sexy woman. Now, I have to let go, because I don't want to come all over your jeans."

"I could let you come somewhere else," Trish offers.

"I would enjoy that, but that's not how Anne Marie and I act."

Trish steps back. Her face falls and a tear starts at the corner of her eye.

"Shit, now you think I am some kind of fuckin' slut. God, why do I ever let myself imagine I am nothing but a pathetic idiot."

I grab her strongly by the shoulders.

"Trish, I don't think you're a slut. I'm the one with the hard-on who is on the verge of coming. I think you are a bright, pretty, sexy and decent person. Given any other set of circumstances, I would pursue you and hope against hope, you would agree to make love to me. But, that is not going to happen. Not because of you, but because of what Anne Marie and I have together. We share, but only to a limit, and only if the other can agree to it. We both think you are wonderful. So, please stop thinking of yourself as pathetic. You are anything but that."

Trish looks long into my eyes searching for anything that would indicate I am putting her on. Seeing no hint of untruth, she snuggles back into my arms.

"Anne Marie thinks of me that way, too?"

I nod.

"God, I think of her as some goddess. She is everything I want to be. Gorgeous, smart, successful, cool, well-dressed, talks like the most sophisticated person in the world. I feel like an ignorant peasant next to her."

I massage her back some more, fighting the temptation to move my hands to the fabulous butt I had admired all night in her tight jeans.

"Trish, Anne Marie wasn't born that way, well not exactly. She was born into a really neat family that was super cool. But, a lot of what you admire required a lot of work on her part. The fact that it seems so effortless just means she has been able to pull it all together. You know, she said she'd like to be your friend and help you explore more of your potential."

"No fuckin' way!"

"Yes, it's true." I think the first thing Anne Marie would do would be to expand Trish's vocabulary so that "fuckin" was not the only adjectival choice she had.

Trish leans up with a kiss. "You guys are the neatest fuckin' couple I've ever met."

I smile and think, "Diamond in the fuckin' rough."

I slip off the silk tie, and retrieve a pair of jeans I had sequestered in the kitchen. I add a tee shirt and Trish and I begin cleaning up. We could hear the women's voices from the living room, and then the sound of the door closing.

In a minute Anne Marie and Becky burst through the door. They both are beaming.

"Bravo!" shouts Anne Marie, rushing to embrace me.

"Magnifique!" adds Becky, and joins in the embrace.

"Fuckin' A," shouts Trish. We all look up and then, laughing, open our arms to welcome her in.

Anne Marie and Becky excuse themselves to go change. Returning in a few minutes in sweat pants and long-sleeved tees, they all pitched in to put the remains of the meal to rest.

An hour later, we are relaxing in front of the fire, sipping cordials. Trish stretches and says she should get going.

Anne Marie replies she should stay over since it was so late. She can have the guest bedroom.

"But, where will Becky sleep?"

Trish notices the look the three of us share and says, "Oh, I get it."

She protests a little, but it was obvious she is as exhausted as we are. Finally, she relents.

Anne Marie places some clean towels and guest toiletries in the spare room. She tells Trish she has first crack at the bathroom.

When Trish emerges dressed in one of my long tee shirts, Anne Marie is pulling the covers back on the bed. Trish thanks her for her kindness. Anne Marie hugs her and says she is grateful for everything she did.

Trish stiffens, thinking about her sexual advances with me.

Anne Marie senses the tension and then says softly.

"Trish, honey, when you were in the bathroom, Owen told us everything. It's fine. I am happy that you were able to help him, though God knows he usually does not have any problems getting it up. But, anyway, we all really like you. Do not feel bad in any way. Please, try to feel like one of the family."

"A fuckin' weird family," offers Trish.

Anne Marie inwardly grimaces and acknowledges that I was right about working on Trish's vocabulary. She kisses Trish on the cheek, and replies, "Let's just say exotically different."

"If that means fuckin' sexy, then I say right on."

Anne Marie thinks, "Yes, a bit of work ahead, but the results will be spectacular."

Anne Marie says goodnight, and closes the door as she leaves.

I am standing naked in front of the full length mirror as Anne Marie enters our room. We can hear water running in the bathroom and know that Becky is getting ready for bed.

"Sweetheart, you were awesome," says Anne Marie as she winds her hands around my waist. "This was better than I ever anticipated."

"Don't think the dessert part was a little over the top?"

Anne Marie slips her hands on my limp penis, while watching us in the mirror.

"No. The girls loved it. I think Rita may have a bit of sober regret in the morning, but we can assuage any guilt."

I recall the sensation of the young woman's mouth on my erection and begin to swell under Anne Marie's fingers.

"How about Kathy? She seemed a bit unsettled."

Anne Marie considers that.

"I think Kathy has a bag of sexual hang-ups. I don't know what they are, but they are holding her back. By her own admission, she has not had any sexual relations for a long time. She is beautiful, no, let's make that gorgeous. She is smart and a truly warm and caring person. So, why has she not had any dates? It can't be that men don't find her attractive. So, there is something deeper there. I sense she is ready to talk about it. I won't push, but I think I will spend a little one on one time with her."

Pausing to softly bite my shoulder, while continuing to fondle me, Anne Marie asks.

"What did her breast feel like?"

I smile at the memory.

"It was large, maybe even a little larger than yours. Soft, but not sagging. I felt her nipple get stiff, so I know she enjoyed my touch. I also felt a lot of little bumps on her areola. That was erotic."

I am now erect.

"You must be so horny?"

I nod.

"Now, that is an image."

We turn our heads to see Becky standing at the door. She is staring at the two of us reflected in the mirror. Becky is perfectly nude.

"Darling, come here and take my place, as I attend to my nighttime ritual."

"Can we get in bed?" asks Owen. "My feet are killing me."

"Absolutely, but do not let him come. I have plans."

Anne Marie releases me, kisses Becky lightly on the lips while her hand caresses her tight and naked buttocks and exits the room.

Becky and I fall on the bed, after stripping the covers. We lay face to face.

Becky kisses me. I respond and we make out without touching each other's bodies.

In a while, Anne Marie enters, wearing a loose robe. She drops it and crawls in behind Becky. Since Becky started sleeping with us, Anne Marie and I dumped our old queen and purchased a king-sized bed.

Anne Marie molds her body to the back of her friend, kissing the nape of her neck.

"Hey, kids, I've got an idea!" says Anne Marie with a voice mocking the old movies where the teens decide to put on a show.

"What's that?" we reply in unison.

"Tonight, let's all fuck each other."

We both stare at Anne Marie.

"What?"

"Yep, let's have a real fuck-fest. We haven't done that yet, and I think it's time."

Becky looks at her friend. "Anne Marie, are you sure?"

"Becky, do you want to screw Owen?"

Without hesitation, Becky responds, "Yes, and more and more each day."

"Owen, do you want to screw Becky?"

I nod.

"Ok, I now pronounce you screwer and screwee."

"What about you?" I ask.

"Me? Well, I get to watch, and then I get to fuck both of you."

Anne Marie produces a condom and hands it to Becky.

"Please do the honors, my darling."

Becky uses her teeth to tear it open, and then slips on my solid organ.

We begin to kiss and I move down her body and tongue her. She pulls me up and grunts, "Inside, please, inside now."

I slip her legs over my shoulders and enter her. Becky cries out with pleasure. Slowly, then faster, I drive deep in her. Anne Marie lay watching us, occasionally reaching out to stroke my back or fondle Becky's breasts.

As Becky's breaths become shorter, I stroke longer and deeper. I sense her climax building and slow a bit. She eases her legs off my shoulders and wraps them around my waist, grabs my butt, digs her fingernails into the taut flesh, and pulls me hard to her groin.

I give one long last thrust and began a series of soft grunts as my climax peaks. Becky pushes her hips off the bed taking every inch of me and cries out in a series of high pitched shrieks. A few more thrusts from each of us, and we collapse, with me resting on top of her.

After a minute I roll off. Anne Marie reaches down and strips the condom from my soft penis, knots it and tosses it into the basket by the bed. She uses her tongue and mouth to clean me.

"I bet that was building up all night," says Anne Marie as she runs her hands up and down my front.

"Oh, yeah. I thought I might lose it a couple times, especially when you were giving me head."

"And, when you were watching Trish play with herself."

"You saw her?"

Anne Marie nodded.

"Well, that, too."

"Owen I want you, but I think you need a little time to recover. In the meantime, relax and watch."

Anne Marie moves on top of Becky. The two women look deeply into each other's eyes.

"Are you ready for this?" asks Anne Marie.

"More than you will ever know," replies Becky.

They begin kissing, softly at first, then with an obvious passion. Becky's hands cup Anne Marie's butt and pull her hard against her own sex.

After more kissing, Anne Marie begins moving down Becky's long body. She spends a long time on each of her friends' breasts, bringing the nipples to a red and elongated state.

Pausing for a moment at her navel, she then moves her lips to the red bush between Becky's legs. Using just her tongue, she explores every inch. Becky watches as Anne Marie's tongue flicks here and there, but eventually throws her head back, eyes closed tight, and licks her lips through a parted mouth.

Anne Marie slips a finger inside and evidently, by Becky's reaction, finds the hidden spot. With fingers, tongue, lips and teeth, Anne Marie brings Becky up a steep wall only to have her drop to the abyss on the other side, accompanied by a wild scream.

Anne Marie rolls off, falling in between me and Becky.

Anne Marie fondles the other woman's breasts, but Becky nudges her hand aside.

"No mas!" she says almost inaudibly.

Anne Marie and I laughed gently.

"Ok, then you can watch, because I need release," says Anne Marie.

I reach for another condom.

Anne Marie shakes her head. It is rare for her to refuse one.

"Owen, I want it all tonight."

I am already erect after having watched the love of my life make love to another woman.

Anne Marie straddles me and lowers her already damp sex onto my face. I lick and probe until the juices run down my cheeks, soaking the sheet beneath us.

Anne Marie then slides back down, raises up and slowly takes my long member inside. She loves the dominant position and soon begins moving with a pace that suits her desire.

I reach for her breasts, both to enjoy the sensation of touch, and to prevent them from bobbing too much. I know that Anne Marie experiences pain if I do not hold them.

I feel Becky's hand on top of mine and, I pull away and she holds Anne Marie's right breast, while I support her left.

Anne Marie is making long deep noises that seem to come from the depths of her. She accelerates her pace, and then leans back and cries out.

Becky could see my stomach muscles tighten. She slips a hand on my balls and feels them contracting.

Anne Marie moves up and my penis pops out. Becky immediately moves her mouth over it and catches the last ejaculation, enjoying the taste of it and Anne Marie.

Anne Marie is now laying on her back, her legs aside my torso. Becky moves her face to the exposed sex of the woman. Plunging her tongue in her, she relishes the remnants of the sex that just occurred. Anne Marie moves off me and positions herself so Becky has full access to her sex.

Although inexperienced in making love to a woman, Becky is passionate about bringing Anne Marie along. I think that Anne Marie is too wasted to respond, but soon I see her pulling her own nipples.

Becky works her mouth and tongue, finding the clit and enticing it.

Anne Marie moves her hands from her breasts to the back of Becky's head and guides her and pushes her. Soon, Anne Marie screams in ecstasy, and encircles her legs around Becky's head as a series of spasms rock her body.

In a few minutes, all three of us are snuggled under the covers and breathing deeply in a delicious sleep.

The next morning I hear a light tapping at the door. As Anne Marie and Becky stir I call out, "Come in."

Trish sticks her head in and asks, "Is it safe?"

Becky asks drowsily, "Safe?"

"Yeah, from the sounds I heard coming from here last night, I thought there might be a pack of wild animals loose in the room."

Anne Marie smiles and says, "Well, there were wild sounds, but the animals are tame right now. Join us?"

Anne Marie shifts toward the edge of the large bed and Becky and I scoot to make room for one more. Anne Marie flips the covers back exposing three naked bodies.

Trish looks at them, but seems most intent on Anne Marie's wondrous figure.

"I guess I should," Trish gestures to her tee shirt.

"Only, if you are comfortable with that," says Anne Marie.

Trish smiles and whips the shirt off, exposing her tiny tits with the pierced nipple.

She bends and drops her pink thong, revealing the thin blond strip with the piercing.

She starts to climb in, but Anne Marie crawls over Becky and me to stop her.

"May I?" she asks as she reaches toward the tiny ring.

Trish nods.

Anne Marie lifts the ring. She sees that it pierces the upper lip of Trish's vulva, positioned over the hood hiding the clit the little silver ball dangling on the ring bounces against the clit. Anne Marie gently tugs on it and the flesh parts, exposing the top of the clit.

"Interesting. Any other surprises?" asks Anne Marie.

Trish grins and turns around. I moan as I gaze on the small, tight butt that I had admired many times in the jeans that Trish always wore. On the area just above the butt, in the small of her back, Trish has an intricate tattoo that covers the area from one side to the other. There were entwined curlicues and swirls in mostly a henna color, but with a splash of bright blue and one dot of yellow mixed in.

Anne Marie traces the design with her fingers and lets them run down the girl's firm buttocks.

Anne Marie nestles down next to Becky and Trish lies next to her. Anne Marie plays with the silver bar in her nipple.

"Which hurt more? This one or the one in your vulva?"

"The one in my pussy, but only for a moment. They put some ice on my tit. It got the nipple big and sort of numbed it. Then the guy pushed this needle through it. He pulled it out and immediately slid in the bar and put the cap on the end. It bled a bit, but actually it was over before I even knew it."

Anne Marie continues to play with it and her breast, and Trish's nipples grow with the attention.

"The one in my pussy was wicked hard. There was no way they could really numb it. So, and this is weird, having a guy with his face like an inch from my pussy and pulling it apart. God, I felt so fuckin' exposed. My best friend, Alan, was with me. You know, Alan, the bartender. Like he's totally gay, so it was no big deal for him to see my pussy. Actually, he shaved me—totally bald like Owen—before I had it done. I just let this little strip grow back. But, anyway, Alan is holding my hand and this big, fuckin' tattoo dude is pulling my pussy apart. He then says take a deep breath, and pushes a needle right through. I thought I was going to fuckin' faint. I think I peed right on his hand, but he kept working. He pulled the needle out, put on the ring and then wiped me with this anti-infection shit. My pussy was all orange. All this time I'm squeezing Alan's hand, I like almost broke his fingers, but he never said a word.

"When the guy was done, he held up a mirror and showed me. I never saw my pussy from that angle and it looked weird. It was bald, orange and had a piece of metal in it. Anyway, the pain went away pretty soon, and I've never taken it out again."

As she was talking, Anne Marie moved her hand back down to the tiny ring. "How does it feel during sex?"

"Well, I've only had sex with Eddie since I had it done. You know the fat, wee willie wieny guy. And, it didn't feel any different."

"Not even during oral," asks Anne Marie.

"Shit. You think Eddie would go down on me? No fuckin' way. Of course, I had to blow him like every fuckin' day, and never once did he even go near there with his fuckin' mouth. So, I can't say if it would feel different during oral, but I'd sure like to try."

We all laugh.

Anne Marie still continues to play with the ring, and I notice some moisture seeping out of Trish's labia.

"Does this ball rub against your clit," asks Anne Marie, softly touching the hooded point.

Trish's hips rotate under her touch. "Sometimes, if my panties are tight, it rubs and I get a little buzz."

Anne Marie runs her finger around her slit and asks, "How about when you walk around nude. Does it bounce against your clit?"

Trish's legs have now parted and the wetness has turned to seeping steadily.

"I never walk around nude," she says with a husky voice. "With Eddie, I never felt like it. Now that I live alone, I rarely go nude, except in the shower."

Anne Marie finally removed her hand and Trish let some tension out of her body.

"Sweetie, you should hang around with us," purred Anne Marie, "we go nude all the time. It leads to all sorts of interesting opportunities."

Trish smiles, with her eyes still closed, and says, "That would be so fuckin' cool being with you guys and being nude.

Anne Marie pulls the covers up. I snuggle Becky, and Anne Marie enfolds Trish in her arms. The young woman rests her head on Anne Marie's breast and soon all four of us are sound asleep.

We wake around noon to the phone ringing. Anne Marie reaches it without disturbing Trish.

Answering, she smiles broadly and mouths to us that it's Kathy.

Trish asks softly which one was Kathy. I tell her the blond with the glasses.

"She's fuckin' beautiful," replies Trish.

From the end of the conversation we can hear, we make out that Kathy was thanking us for a great party.

Anne Marie takes the phone from her ear and hands it to me. "She wants to speak with you."

I take the cordless receiver and get out of bed. The three women looked at my nakedness and gave a communal sigh.

Trish says softly, "He has a fabulous cock."

"Yes, he does, dear, yes, he does," affirms Anne Marie.

"Amen," chimes in Becky.

I walk out into the hallway to speak with Kathy.

"Well, I enjoyed it, too. I hope I was not too forward, I mean, touching you as I did."

"Well, I was surprised," says Kathy, " but, no, I am not upset. I never had experienced anything like last night, Owen. I mean I am not a virgin, but all my sexual experiences—as rare as they are—have been one on one, and in the dark. So, having a man touch me like that in front of other people, was an amazing experience. Not to mention, that the same man was totally naked with an erection, yes, that was quite an adventure. But, Owen, I did like your touch. It was very gentle."

"I liked touching your breast. It felt so womanly and so sexy."

"God, I am the farthest thing from sexy."

"I don't think so."

As I was speaking, Anne Marie comes out and stands next to me. She places her ear by the phone to listen.

"Kathy, Anne Marie is next to me. Is it all right if she listens?"

More silence, then softly, "Sure, what the heck, Anne Marie, Owen I am blown away by what you two appear to have. I don't know if I desire what you have, but I know I am tired of being so removed from life"

Anne Marie takes the phone from me. "Kathy, I'm coming down. Give me a minute to pull some clothes on. You and I are going to have a long chat."

She clicks off and turns to me.

"She needs help, dear."

I nod and kiss her. "And, you are the perfect person to do so."

Anne Marie smiles, appreciating the support. "I don't know about that, but I love how you think I can do anything."

"That's because you can do anything."

Anne Marie heads to the bathroom, pulling the door closed behind her.

I lope back into the bedroom and plop back down in between the two women.

Anne Marie comes in, drops her towel and brushes her wet hair. She pulls on a black thong, designer jeans, a thin black bra and grey turtleneck of soft cotton. She brushes her hair again, puts on a dab of make-up, some lipstick, eye shadow and soon is ready to meet the world.

The three of us look in awe as Anne Marie simply, but decidedly, changes from a naked nymph reeking of sex to a totally put together woman who is in control of her world.

She faces us snuggled naked under the covers.

"Now, what have you three cats got in mind?"

She is greeted by three shrugs.

"Well, how about not screwing each other?"

"No problem," I say.

"Well, it might be a problem," interjected Becky, "but Ok."

"Hey, don't look at me," pleads Trish. "I haven't fucked anyone. Not, yet, anyway."

"I'll do my best," I say, "but it may be difficult since I have two hands on my dick."

Anne Marie lifts the covers and sees both Becky and Trish holding my semi-erect penis.

Anne Marie shakes her head. "Well, think of something else to do, girls."

I smile broadly, and suggest, "How about naked pancakes?"

Becky and Trish squeal in excitement.

"As long as I get to put syrup on the sausage," purrs Becky.

"And I get to lick it off," adds Trish.

We howl as Anne Marie shakes her head and heads down to see Kathy.

