A Family Business
bymidnightfalcon©

I was sitting in Mrs. Gelotti's office discussing the possibility of carrying her company's line of cosmetics and her new line of clothing. We had gotten to the point where I felt comfortable using her first name, Sheila, and actually the only thing left to negotiate was my line of credit. That's when he walked in.

He opened the door and strode in. Excusing himself for the interruption, Sheila nodded to him and sitting down, she introduced him as Jason Marton. He was the head designer at the House of Gelotti, her company, and he had come in to ask her if she wanted to go out for lunch.

Smiling, Mrs. Gelotti looked at me and asked: "Care to join us?"

I wouldn't have missed the chance. Jason was to die for. Lean, tall, handsome and as my eyes drifted down, also very well endowed in the,,,, ahem,.... male attributes department.

Over lunch my suspicions were confirmed. Sheila liked women. Her hand moved to my knee under the table and slowly pushed up under my mini-skirt.

Oh I didn't mind, being used to aggressive women, and quite frankly I would have made a pass at her if she hadn't taken the lead. To help things along I excused myself and went to the ladies room and freshened up a bit and took my panties off and put them in my purse.

I didn't want any obstacles to prevent her from enjoying herself. Returning to the table I sat a bit nearer to her then earlier, and again she began her exploration.

Jason obviously knew what was going on and tried to keep the conversation going though there were long pauses when Sheila suddenly made contact with my wet pussy.

Actually I would have welcomed either one of them to my bed. Where Jason was so fucking masculine that he was making me pant, Sheila was a very sexy and beautiful woman. And she seemed to be extremely young to own such a prestigious company.

That was soon explained away. She had acquired the company in a divorce settlement. She had been married for three years and it didn't work out. Apparently her husband at that time wasn't interested enough in sex to keep her satisfied.

She smiled at Jason and confessed that without his help she would have had an extremely difficult time. I wasn't sure whether she was talking about running the business or her getting thru her divorce.

Now her fingers were moving over my clit and I began to have a bit of a problem concentrating on what was being discussed.

Hell at that point my hand was under the table too, but Jason was the object of my interests at that moment.

I couldn't reach far enough to get my hand where it needed to be but he accepted my grouping as if it were the most normal thing to be doing over lunch.

After two or three drinks too many, the party broke up. Sheila explained that she had hoped to spend the evening with me but that she had a prior commitment that would occupy most of her evening.

That was when she suggested that Jason take me out for dinner and possibly dancing later. Then she said something a bit strange.

"Oh and Jason gives marvelous massages. If you ask him nicely I think he might just..., well you know,... if you need to be relaxed before going to sleep."

At that time I didn't quite understand but I welcomed her request that Jason take me out and entertain me for the night. Later I found out that while I had been in the ladies room she had told Jason to take me out. He really had no choice, but I don't think he would have refused anyway.

I'm not exactly common in the looks department. I'm a model in my own right, and have a damn good body and an attractive face.

Six o'clock and I was enjoying a drink with Jason in a quiet corner of the Hotel restaurant. I had changed into something a bit sexier than I had worn earlier. I love leather and my outfit was almost entirely supple leather with silver accessories.

Again I had omitted wearing my panties or bra. Hell I was firm enough to forget the bra thing and I wanted to be available if he had any idea of doing some exploring on his own.

So sure, I'll admit it. I was smitten by Jason and I think he had the hots for me too. So a great dinner, three or four drinks to loosen me up and I was feeling cozy and very, very horny.

I had to take the lead. He seemed just a bit inhibited so when I got him up to dance, I initiated a few rather intimate dance moves never taught in classes.

Rubbing his chest with my breasts, pushing my thigh firmly up between his legs, and the always popular, nibble on his ear lobe.

Of course that was accompanied by a bit of panting. I was actually doing as much to excite myself as I was doing to him.

I finally felt his hand slide down my back and rest just above my derrière. Now my hips thrust forward and I began to actually hump his thigh. Almost as if tribbing.

By now I could feel him responding and that excited me even more. Finally I got him in a more secluded part of the dance floor and slid my hand down between our tummies and I clutched his cock thru his slacks.

To say he was large would be an understatement. He was enormous.

Around eleven I began to get panicky at the thought that the night might end. I kept on ordering drinks and by eleven thirty I whispered in his ear. "I need one of your special massages. The kind Sheila mentioned. Come on, let's go up to my suite and you can give me one."

I wasn't sure what to expect. He had been the perfect gentleman all night and I had been aggressive and rather slutty. Still he agreed.

Hell I didn't know what to expect and yet I knew he would, one way or the other have his hands on me.

Walking in I closed the door and taking his hand, led him to the bedroom.

Now, sitting on the edge of the bed, I sat, facing away from him, with my feet dangling to the floor, I pulled the snaps of my blouse open. One by one they slowly parted exposing more and more of my breasts.

I shrugged out of my blouse and began to wiggle the mini skirt down over my hips and finally onto the floor next to the discarded blouse.

He stood quietly behind me as I stood up. Thus far he could see only my back and ass, and in my sexiest whisper, I asked, "How shall we begin? Shall I lay on my tummy for you?"

His low sexy voice answered my question with a soft suggestion.

"Try lying near the edge of the bed, and I think it would be better to begin with your back. Just remember that I'm not a masseuse and this may take a while to relax you."

I remained standing, my back to him, and looking over my shoulder again spoke. "Wouldn't you be more comfortable doing this with your shirt off? You might get oil all over it."

Without an answer I heard him removing his shirt.

"Now your slacks. I would feel more comfortable doing this if you were at least as exposed as I am." After a long hesitation, again I heard the rustle of clothing being removed.

Now I turned and faced him across the bed. Oh my god, I thought. He's big, even with his shorts on his snug briefs were holding an unimaginably large package.

"Over here" I suggested, "on this side."

And with that, I knelt on the bed and crawled on all fours to the head and lay down. Moments later he walked over to where I waited..

Though he still wore his shorts, I decided I could deal with that later if things got interesting. So I decided to lay still and wait.

Not daring to look, I felt him come to me and sit on the bed. I felt his weight tilt the mattress as he sat just above my hips.

Now he began. "Tell me how this feels Pam, but just remember to be patient and just feel what I'm doing; I'll try to relax you."

Fat chance, I thought, just as the oil drizzled between my shoulder blades and his fingers began to float over my shoulders. Soon his hands were on the nape of my neck, not really touching, but sort of floating over my skin. It was almost as if a feather was being brushed across my body, but the touch was slightly firmer.

Not exactly a massage where the contact is firm and your muscles are being kneaded, but more like a lovers caress..

His fingers began by stroking my shoulders and soon moved back up to my neck again. Moments later, back down to my waist. Back up to my shoulders and again back down.

It felt almost as if a blind person was trying to memorize my body with his fingertips.

Soon his fingers were slowly trailing down my spine and I felt his warm breath at the back of my neck. He had leaned over me, then his lips softly made contact and his mouth opened in a kiss as his tongue tenderly flicked back and forth.

I have never felt anything so erotic in my entire life.

His mouth began to follow my spine down, softly kissing, as his hands tenderly caressed the sides of my back. For the first time in my life I felt my body begin to flush. My pussy began to slowly pulse and ooze its slippery cream, and I felt slightly embarrassed by it, hoping that he wouldn't notice the growing puddle forming on the sheets between my thighs.

As his mouth continued to lap further down my back, following my spine, I began to tense up. He noticed, and pausing, lifted his lips and whispered, "gently Pamela, gently. Relax and just feel what I'm doing. Try not to react, just feel me."

My god he was asking me to do the impossible. No woman in the world could have him do to this to them without responding. As I thought this, I felt his mouth return to that area just below my hips and at the very top of the point where my ass divides.

I expected him to pause, but he persisted. His hands moved to the cheeks of my ass and very tenderly he drew them slightly apart as his kissing and licking continued to move down the crack.

As he began to lap at my opening I let out a long low sob. "Ooooh. Yes, Oh yess. Oh my God, Jason you're making me crazy." My breath was coming in shallow quick gasps and my entire body seemed to be bathed in heat.

My heart beat so rapidly that my face felt flushed, yet he his tongue continued to stab at my opening a moment longer before moving still lower.

Now his face was nestled between my thighs, and my legs moved apart instinctively, invitingly, giving him more access to my inner thighs.

With his warm cheeks against my thighs, his tongue began to lap at that small area separating my ass and my pussy.

Each time his tongue stroked that area I could feel the muscles in my vagina tense up and squeeze, forcing more of my creamy wetness out.

He nibbled and sucked; he stabbed his tongue into the very base of my pussy and sucked, almost as if trying to draw the wetness to his mouth. His pursed lips were tugging my inner lips and the salacious sounds were echoing in my mind.

Again I began to cry out. I thought it was only in my mind but in truth I was crying out aloud. "Jason! Jason, oh my god. I need to finish now. I can't stay still and just feel this without cumming. Please, Oh dear god please let me turn over. Fuck me! My god, fuck me, please!"

"Be patient Pam. Don't rush me. Let me do this my way. I know what Sheila promised and I really need this as much as you. I promise you this will be what I want too."

I found that I was crying. Suddenly his mouth began to wash the tender insides of my thighs and move down to lap at the backs of my knees. I think I passed out for a second.

I could see the lighted clock on the nightstand. He had been doing this to me for just over an hour and still my need to roll over was paramount.

At last he reached up and gently grasped my left hip and helped me roll over.

My legs instinctively spread, and though I tried to be still, the muscles in my ass began to contract. That forced my pussy to slowly rise and drop. I know my body and I knew exactly what my pussy looked like at this moment.

My mounds had flattened out slightly and drawn back so the soft petals of my inner lips were exposed. I knew my clit had swollen to the size of a small pearl and now could no longer hide within the cowl formed at the top of my labia. It had become engorged and was beginning to creep out and extend.

Jason was still hovering above my hips and very quickly moved to place his lips over my exposed pussy.

I could feel the heat of his breath as his open mouth suddenly made contact with the very bottom of my pussy.

The flat of his tongue parted my inner lips and with a slow lapping motion, he drew it up, gathering the small beads of slippery fluid that had been slowly forming and joining before running down the crack of my ass..

I suddenly gasped aloud. I used every vulgar word I had ever heard and began to buck up and writhe from left to right as he manipulated my throbbing cunt with his mouth, and tongue.

"Hold still Pam, just let me tease the area around your clit with the tip of my tongue for a moment longer before we both get more involved in this."

I could have killed him at this point. My clit is extremely sensitive and he must have known that. By just flicking around it, he was bringing me up to one hell of a plateau of erotic sensations and yet not letting me go any higher.

He held me in a state of frenzied sensations that no human could endure for more than a few seconds.

Moments passed and his hands began to float across my hips and came to rest on the steamy surface of my pussy. Fingers tenderly probed between the puffy mounds and gently spread them.

Then his fingers began to stroke up and down seeming to spread my wetness, when they suddenly found my opening. With that, he began to gently enter. First one finger, then another.

He had two fingers deep inside me and now began to curl them as if beckoning. He was stroking just under my clit and I felt as if I had to pee, but in fact my bladder was empty.

I must have been sopping wet by now because I could hear the sucking, slurping sounds as he tried to drain my pussy of all its oily wetness.

With his fingers twisting and turning deep inside me, his mouth closed over my clit.

Sucking hard he drew it between his lips and held it there while his tongue flicked back and forth across its glistening surface.

When I come, my clit always pulls back as if protecting its self, but he was holding it tightly between his lips and it was trapped. I thrust my ass up high and my body went into spasms.

I was climaxing into his mouth and the feeling was so intense I began to moan, "Unh, unh, unhhhhh. Yes, oh god yes I am, Yeah I am!"

I normally orgasm intensely and they last for more than a half minute or so and the first is generally milder than the second or third, but what he was doing to me was almost cruel.

I had grabbed my breasts and twisting my nipples, the pain coupled with the sensation of his fingers and mouth was almost too much to endure. I screamed aloud.

"Yeahhhh, yes, oh god yes. Eat me! Fuck me with your fingers. I want it all. More! Don't stop, don't you dare stop until I cum again. Oh god it feels so good."

Somehow he managed to keep his mouth clasped against my pussy. He was amazing. He never stopped. He never paused, and he never set my clit free.

I was cumming over and over and then they seemed to have no ending or beginning. They just joined together and I finally couldn't stand it any longer and screeched.

"STOP! NO MORE! PLEASE LET ME CATCH MY BREATH. Oh my god I'm going to die. My cunt's twitching like crazy. Please let me rest a minute."

When he lifted his head and his fingers slid out of my cunt, I just couldn't believe what he had done to me. Sitting up, he took his fingers and held them up as if to show me before spreading his fingers apart.

As they separated, a thin fine sheet formed between them. Almost forming a reflective window pane between.

He smiled down at me as he put them in his mouth and sucked each, seeming to relish some sort of delectable tidbit.

He was a satyr and he seemed to enjoy my uncontrolled frenzy. I had behaved like a wanton slut and he seemed to enjoy making me that way.

As I finally began to settle down, I buried my chin in my chest and gasped.

"Now together. I want it all. Take off those damn shorts and come here. I want to touch you. I want your cock. I need to taste you and suck you. I want to make you so fucking hard you can't stand it and beg me to let you fuck me. I want that now. Do it! Come here and let me have it!"

He walked around the foot of the bed and stood by my side. I rolled towards him and slid off.

Kneeling at his feet with my face mere inches away from his cock, I reached up and wrapped my fingers around it. With my other hand I cupped his heavy balls and began stroking him.

I was astonished. When I began I thought he was superbly firm but now he began to expand and grow in the palm of my hand.

Soon he wasn't just erect, his cock seemed to inflate and swell and within seconds his shaft was rigid and pointing skyward. I had created a monster.

While I gently fondled his heavy balls I forced his cock down and pursed my lips. Moving forward I forced his shaft into my mouth and began to swirl my tongue around its engorged head.

Seminal fluid began to coat my tongue. Not really cum but rather pre-cum. I began to bob my head forcing him to fuck my mouth.

Slowly at first. He didn't give in but moments later I felt him begin to slowly thrust and softly moan.

"God Pam that feels good. Do you want it now or can you wait? I can probably let myself go if you really need it right now."

I was elated. I was giving back what he had given me. At first I just wanted him to surrender and give in to me.

I was so fucking hot at that moment that I just wanted him to shoot and say my name. Sort of a payback thing but I wanted to make him really need me.

At some point I lost all control. All I could think of was him going crazy and finishing. I needed that. I desperately needed him to give in to me the way I had to him.

Finally I pulled his cock out of my mouth and gasped. "Go ahead. I want it! Fuck my mouth and cum. I want it. I want you to shoot your load in my mouth. It's mine. I want it. Let it go and give it to me. All of it!"

His hand moved down and rested on my head. His hips began to sway more rapidly and I almost gagged as his hard shaft tried to go down my throat. Then it began.

"Pam... Oh god Girl I'm close. Gonna give it to you. Oh fuck here it comes. Take it. I'm gonna shoot."

I never hesitated. I wanted it more than I ever wanted anything before in my whole life. It was fantastic. I sucked hard and he actually stopped pumping into my mouth. Yet I felt pulse after pulse throbbing thru my sucking lips as he spew his cum.

I let his balls go and moved my hand down to my own crotch and slid three fingers deep into my cunt and began to piston them in and out.

When my mouth filled, I was on the edge of another huge orgasm and I just let it happen. He let out a gasp and moaned, "Keep sucking. Take it all Pam. I can't stop myself. I'm still letting it go."

I suppose I gurgled a silent Ummmmmmmmmm around his pulsing cock, but the two of us were finishing at the same time. I had never swallowed before.

But It happened instinctively and as I gulped the stringy pungent liquid down. I felt that feeling of power that every woman feels when she makes her man surrender.

I was satisfied just to know that I had done it but when he pulled his flagging cock from my mouth and reached down and helped me up, I was in for a surprise. He rolled me onto my side then lifted me up onto my knees.

He wasn't finished with me. I don't know how he did it, but suddenly I felt his cock being forced into my pussy. Semi rigid at that point, he began to feed it in using his hand. Soon he filled me and I reached between my legs and fondled his balls.

Seconds later he began to slowly move in and out. I took my hand away and moved it forward, supporting myself on outstretched arms and my knees.

Now his hands were on my hips and he began plunging in and out. He had regained his erection and he felt fantastically large. He stretched my vagina wide and drove deep. 

ymidnightfalcon©

The sawing in and out was pulling and pushing the lining of my cunt back and forth. It tugged at my clit each time he moved.. Oh god he felt good.

I began pushing back to urge him on and began begging for more. He reached over my back, letting his arms slide around so he could grasp my swaying breasts.

Panting I turned and looked back over my shoulder. He seemed mesmerized. He was feeling the hot walls of my pussy grasping his hard shaft and he seemed to be pacing himself. I wanted it all and I was rising to another intense climax but it just wouldn't happen.

Finally I became frustrated and cried back at him. "Faster Jason! For god's sake go faster. I'm almost there and I need to finish again. Oh damn do something....Hurt me. Choke me, anything do anything... but make me cum."

Taking one hand off my breast he drew it back and smacked my ass. His other hand moved to my nipple and he squeezed.

I CAME! OH MY GOD DID I ORGASM.

"Yeahhh oh my sweet baby, I am. Now I am... I'm cumming for you. I want it. My god it feels so good. Don't stop. I want it. I want to suck you, I want to drink you, and I want it all. Oh my god darling I want it all. I want you to cum in me. Oh god I want you to fuck me deep and finish in me. Oh shit, give it all to me! Oh baby fuck my cunt, my mouth, anywhere. I want it."

I babbled on: "I want to drink you. Oh... I'm cumming again. Don't stop... Give me all of it. It feels so fucking good. Keep going. Don't let it stop. Fuck my cunt and give me all you have. MORE! MORE! I WANT MORE! NOW GIVE IT TO ME NOW, NOW!"

He didn't pull out until I collapsed and turned over. He stood above me, his cock was glistening and wavering over me and I scrambled to my knees and grabbed for it.

Plunging it into my mouth I sucked furiously trying to make him fill my mouth with his cum. I bobbed my tight lips as fast as I could until finally I heard him draw a deep breath and groan:

"Pam? Oh Pam I'm gonna cum again. Oh baby take it, it's yours now."

I felt his cock pulse and this time I pulled it out and jerked it. The ribbons of thick cum jetted over my face and onto my breasts. Before he was finished I quickly returned it to my mouth and sucked. Several more pulses... and it was over.

No sense of taste, no sense of warmth it was just there, and it was his and I sucked and swallowed. I wanted it and I needed him to give it all up.

Morning came. I looked over at his sleeping body and leaned over. He was sleeping on his back with his head turned to one side. I pulled the covers down and admired his body. His cock was still large, though not rigid. I couldn't help but touch it.

Almost immediately it began to move. Slowly it began to stretch up towards his navel and I had to fight to keep control. I had this strong urge to take it in my mouth. He moaned as I began to gently knead it in the palm of my hand.

Supporting myself on my elbow I leaned over and kissed his cheek. He stayed asleep even though at this point I had wrapped my entire fist around his cock.

Trying to move cautiously, I began to slide my fingers up and down its length. A small clear droplet of pre-cum formed and slowly slumped down to his abdomen.

Ever so slowly I continued to masturbate him. Still he slept. Finally his cock extended beyond his navel and had begun to rise, no longer laying on his abs.

I couldn't stand it any longer. I moved down and held it up and pressed my lips over its head.

Using just the tip of my tongue I pressed it into the glistening droplet that was again forming and wiggled it into the tiny slit atop his shaft. He moaned.

By now my pussy had begun to quiver. I was getting excited at the prospect of taking his entire shaft in my mouth.

I just sucked and let my mouth move down. I had to suppress my urge to gag. That would have ruined everything. Bobbing my head up and down I took him deeper and my jaws actually began to ache. God but he was thick.

When he moved his arm I panicked and thought he would wake up. Quickly I took my mouth away and slowly moved my leg over his sleeping body.

Watching his face I reached between my thighs and lifted his cock to my pussy and very slowly nestled it between the swollen folds of my juicy vagina and sat down.

Again that familiar stretching sensation and I felt the sides of his shaft glide smoothly along the lining of my pussy as he went deeper.

When he was completely in, I just took a deep breath and held still. I worked the muscles of my pussy, clamping and relaxing, as I continued watching his face. At last he woke up.

I smiled down at him and asked: "You don't mind if I use you for a little while do you? Sort of a morning delight thing? Just hold still and let me do this. You make me cum too damn fast when you help and I want this to last."

He didn't say a word but just stared at my face. Soon his eyes drifted down and lingered for a moment admiring my breasts. As always when I'm aroused my nipples were standing out like pencil erasers. Then he looked lower.

By now I was slowly lifting and dropping. Smiling he asked: "Did I cum? It looks like I did. There's cum running down my cock honey."

I reached down and felt the creamy collar that hand formed around the base of his cock.

"No...Not yet. That's me. I get sort of creamy when I'm really excited. But, I kinda like the way it makes me all slippery inside."

Leaning forward, I put my palms on his bare chest for support and began to roll forwards on my knees. That way I could make his cock rub against my clit harder.

Each time I felt myself getting close I would either slow down or try to change position. I was good at doing that when I'm masturbating and it makes me go really wild when I do cum.

I had been doing that for probably ten minutes when Jason began to, sort of thrust up. He was getting impatient and I had to scold him. "No! Don't do that! You're going to make me cum and I want this to last."

He grinned up at me and asked: You don't think you might enjoy trying for maybe six or seven this morning? I can do it if you can."

"No," I gasped. "You make me crazy when you do that. Just let me enjoy this a little longer, OK?"

He didn't answer, but he stopped his thrusting. Five minutes later I was too slow in stopping myself and realized, "My god it's cumming. I'm gonna cream on his cock and, and, Oh yeah I need him to help me now."

"Jason...Jason I can't stop it. Oh damn you...Fuck me now! I can't stop it anymore."

He reached out and put his hands on either side of my hips and lifted me up so he had two or three inches of separation between us, and holding me there, he thrust in and out so fast my breasts stopped swaying and seemed to tremble and shudder in place.

I came. Oh my god did I ever cum. My pussy was drooling as I collapsed on his chest.

Lifting me off his cock he laid me by his side.

"I'd like to do this all day, but I have to get to work. Sheila can be a little difficult at times but I'll be back to finish this later."

Not the nicest good bye I've ever had but quite frankly my groins were aching like hell. I have never come so many times or so hard in all my life and I really needed a rest.

We kissed good bye and he left. Two hours later I was in Sheila's office.

Smiling as if she were some smug Cheshire cat she asked, "How did it go? Did you get his special massage?"

Playing dumb would have been useless so I nodded and quietly answered, "Yeah, He gave it to me."

"Like it?" She asked.

I got brazen and looked up and answered. "Who the hell wouldn't? He's indescribable. I mean......Sheila, have you ever............ I mean did he and you ever get together?"

She tilted her head and smiled coyly at me but wouldn't answer.

"Your finances are good and you have a reasonably large credit line. Now this evening you and I are going to celebrate. Go out and do whatever you have to, and I'll meet you at your suite around eight and I might have some surprises for you."

I spent the rest of the day visiting several dress shops and doing some shopping. I had dinner alone in a little place near my hotel and had hoped Jason would call, but he didn't. I returned to my suite and just relaxed in a tub of hot water and tried to get him out of my mind.

It was a choir just to keep my hands away from my pussy. Just the thought of what we had done brought me to a fever pitch of excitement.

Dressing in a sort of sexy mini skirt and blouse, I waited for Sheila to arrive. Almost to the moment she was at the door.

I showed her in and she set her clutch and another rather large leather case down on the coffee table. I made two highballs and we sat side by side on the sofa.

Sipping her drink she finally turned to me and asked: "Was it good for you? I mean last night."

Sex isn't something to be discussed openly but since Sheila had arranged it, I had to tell her pretty much what had happened with one or two exceptions. I didn't want her to know how I had lost control and begged.

Since she seemed so interested in what had happened, I began to think that she possibly hadn't ever spent time with Jason and maybe it was just my imagination. But with each description she seemed to become more and more excited.

Even before I had finished, she had her hand under my skirt and her fingers were kneading my pussy.

Although she was just fondling me, she was obviously excited and her breath was coming in panting gasps, and quite frankly I was ready to take it to the next step too.

Almost as if we were reading each other's mind we both paused and began to strip. I had little on to take off, she had just a bit more, she wore a bra, but when she peeled it off and her breasts were exposed, I was truly amazed.

Perhaps a 35C she was firm and her breasts, well developed with large pink areoles surrounding nipples that were not quite as large as mine, but just as erect.

Looking down I could see her pussy. It was clean shaven and really quite tight. Her inner folds were hidden by the puffy outer labia and at the very top, her clit peeked out.

Wasting no time she slid off the couch and put her hands on the inside of my knees, pushing them wide apart. Her breath was hot. And looking down I watched as her mouth moved to cover my pussy. I leaned back and sighed.

She was good. She knew exactly what to do and somehow managed to press her three fingers tightly together, forming a cluster so she could slide them into my vagina.

Once penetrated she spread them and began twisting and turning her wrist. I'm a sucker for new sensations and between her sucking my clit and her fingers dancing inside my pussy; I began to feel that urge to let myself succumb.

Before I could get to that final moment though, she took her fingers out and stood up. I was panting furiously by now and she looked down realizing what nearly had happened.

Tilting her head and flipping her hair back, she smiled and asked: Like that honey? Well I have something here you're going to really love.

Delving in the large case she had put on the coffee table, she took out what looked like a large dildo.

Holding it up she sort of let it wobble in her hand as she asked: "recognize it?

I stared. It was large and flesh colored, and yes shaped like a huge cock but I couldn't say I recognized it.

"It's an exact copy of Jason's cock. We made a cast of his prick last month and this is the first copy. Isn't it beautiful? We're going to start a new line. A line of sex aids. And Jason's cock will be in thousands of horny women's pussies all over the world."

I took it from her hand and stared. Yes it was his cock. Beautiful in every detail and the texture was fantastic.

"Put it in your mouth," she went on. "See if it feels the same. Go ahead suck it."

I felt a bit foolish, but did as she asked. "Feels about the same, but its cold." I answered.

"Yeah. I'm working on that. I think a different core that would hold heat would be the answer but for now it'll serve its purpose."

Applying lube to it, she brought the phallus back with her and again dropped to her knees.

Instantly her mouth attached to my clit again but now she slid the dildo gently into my pussy.

Between her tongue flapping back and forth across my clit and her pumping that rubber cock in and out, while I tugged and squeezed my breasts I was fast approaching one hell of an orgasm.

As I gave in and the muscles in my abs began to ripple, she seemed to go mad. She wasn't taking her time any more. She wanted me to cum for her and that was exactly what was happening.

With a low moan I felt myself melt. Just as the last wave passed, she pulled the diabolical toy out of my throbbing vagina and put it in her mouth.

"Oh Pam you do taste good. Do me that way too. Come on down here and trade places with me. I want to feel it too."

Actually I would have liked to keep going but slumping to the floor beside her she took my place sitting on the edge of the sofa.

"Put Jason in me, Pam. Work him in and out like he did with you last night." She was so juicy at that point that it slipped right in. All the way to its flared base. She began humping immediately and it was difficult to capture her clit between my lips.

Moments later I had her trapped and my hand moved like a blurr thrusting it in and out as I lapped at her clit.

If I thought I was loud she was worse. Bouncing up and down on the front of the sofa she literally squealed and sobbed as she tore at her nipples and slapped at the top of my head.

Suddenly she pressed her shoulders hard against the back of the sofa and throwing her legs over my back, arched her back, forcing her pussy against my mouth.

"Unhhh, Unhhh, Yeah, like that Jason, Yeah, Yeah, Oh fuck me like that. You're so good inside me like that."

Dropping back down, I pulled the phallus out of her throbbing opening and handed it to her. Her hand quickly shot out and she grabbed it and began working it in and out of her mouth. "Mmmmmmmm, Yes, Mmmmmmm, you're so good to me like that."

In her mind she was making love to Jason, not me.

Finally she pulled herself back and sat up. "Come on Pam, let's go to bed together. I want to try something.

Getting up she picked up her leather case and I followed her to the bedroom. Lighting candles she rummaged thru her case and took out several things. Laying them on the night stand she lay down next to me and we began to pet.

I mean she was good, she was all over me. Her kisses were warm and deep. Her tongue darted in and out of my mouth while her hands stroked my nipples until they were hard points of erotic sensation. Her parted legs pressed against my thigh and we began tribbing.

Her slippery juicy pussy ground against mine as she wiggled and thrust against my pussy. Soon we were both bathed in perspiration and panting like a couple of whores in heat.

I didn't know where things were going to go from here but after another fantastic climax we lay there side by side when she reached over and gathered the things she had taken from her case.

She produced a leather harness fashioned like a thong. Triangular in the front, with a circular opening. Inserting the Dildo in the hole, she snugged the strap between her crotch and had me tighten it in the back. Now she lay there with the mock shaft protruding thru the hole.

"Bend over for me. I want to fuck you with my little Jason. I want to hear you call for him to fuck you. Try it! I want to fuck you really hard and hear you scream for more."

I've never been screwed by a woman before but Hell, I was willing to try. I knelt over and she applied some sort of oil to my ass, sliding first one, then two fingers in my tight little opening.

Relaxing my sphincter, I began to enjoy what she was doing and wiggled my ass invitingly.

Suddenly I felt someone else in the room. Turning my head I saw Jason standing in the doorway. Like some nude statue from some Greek arena he moved towards us. His hard shaft swaying back and forth.

The room was suddenly deathly quiet. He moved to the bed and lay on his back next to where I was kneeling. Reaching up he moved me over so I was now kneeling over him.

Reaching down he lifted his cock and began rubbing it between the folds of my pussy. Finding my entrance, he gently thrust the plum shaped head of his cock up. I was lost and slowly collapsed onto his chest.

My breasts were flattened against him as he gave me a deep kiss and thrust deeper into me.

Suddenly Sheila was at the foot of the bed and I felt her dildo pressing against the tan star of my ass. I relaxed and she slid her rubber shaft into my bowel. Now the both began.

Almost as if choreographed they worked in unison. Jason thrust and as he drew back, Sheila would drive in. Slowly at first but within minutes the tempo increased. In, Out, In, Out.

Faster and faster and now my tongue was in his mouth, our tongues dueled and his hands slid between our hot bodies as he began to roll my nipples between his fingers.

The room echoed with the salacious slurping sounds of thrusting cocks and I had to break our kiss as I screamed aloud.

"YEAH! YESSSS, OH GOD YESSS I'M CUMMINGGGG. Oh god Jasonnnnnnn, gimmeeee your cock. More! Gimmeeee More cock! OH YEAH! I NEED IT NOW!

Sheila was whipping my ass with the front of her thighs as the plunged in and out of me when finally I couldn't scream any longer and collapsed.

I felt Sheila pull out and move to our side. Unfastening her strap-on, she pulled me off Jason and had me lay with my head hanging off the foot of the bed.

Now she moved Jason away and took a 69 position over me. Her drooling pussy hovered just over my mouth and her mouth directly over mine.

I was amazed at my own need. As soon as she began lapping at my pussy, taking long sweeps deep in the recess of my vagina, I began to respond. Now she lowered herself slightly, and her cunt hovered over my mouth.

Sticking my tongue out as far as possible I was able to flick its tip back and forth, making her clit wobble with each swipe.

Suddenly Jason was standing at my head and I watched as his hard shaft moved to enter Sheila's vaginal opening. Only an inch away I watched him plunge in and draw out and his balls swayed with each thrust.

I began lapping at them as they moved to and fro just above my mouth. Sometimes I could flick my tongue at the underside of his swollen cock and at other times I was able to briefly capture his balls.

Sheila was going wild. Her hips rocked from side to side and suddenly Jason pulled completely out and I tilted my head even further back and opened my mouth wide.

Thrusting forward, I took his entire cock deep down my throat. His balls butted against my forehead and he fucked me for long seconds before pulling out and heaving forward reentered Sheila's dripping cunt.

The sensation had returned to my own vagina and I again began to twitch and feel myself begin to cum.

Sheila clamped down tight on me and sucked hard. I stifled a scream and I heard her begin to cry out.

"OK Jason, Now. Jason? Jason? Oh fuck, I need it now! Finish now! Gimmeee it nowwww, Jaaaa...ssss...oonnnnnn. Let it go now!"

I was cumming, Sheila was cumming and suddenly he paused and I heard him gasp........."Take it! It's coming now. Take it Sis. Here it comes!"

He held still. His balls quivered over my face and his cum began to seep out around Sheila's contracting pussy.

The warm milky gray fluid formed a thick ropy thread as it flowed down and into my open mouth. I was depraved and needed his cum more than I needed life itself.

We stayed in position for almost a minute before he pulled out and she lowered her pussy to my face. I drained her. I licked and sucked. My tongue delved deeply into her portal and scooped the gooey fluid into my waiting mouth. Then it ended.

She rolled off me and I twisted around so I lay next to her. Jason stood by my side, slowly stroking his cock, keeping his erection.

We watched and Sheila whispered. "Can you? Show her. Milk another load onto her breasts. Come on honey. Like we always do. Milk your cock and give up the last of it."

He jerked faster and faster when suddenly he gasped, "OK Sheila, just like always...Here it comes!"

I could swear I heard a spurting sound just as a long ribbon of thick cum burst forth and arced upwards. It splashed warmly over my nipples and breasts and Sheila waited until he was spent before leaning over me and began lapping at my nipples and breasts.

Having cleaned me with her tongue, she lifted up and supported on her elbow, asked. How do you like my brother? Isn't he amazing? And I've been his coach ever since I can remember.

I should have known.