My Fantasy Weekend Ch. 01
byPro_Ball_Player©

Writers Note: I want to thank everyone for the fantastic support and emails you sent me on my first story series, "Spanking Kenny's Wife". I encourage you to send me your thoughts and comments on this series, too.

After a huge fight with my wife 2 years ago, we spent a whole weekend making up. This turned out to be just about the best weekend of our marriage, so far. During that weekend, we spent the majority of our time having wild sex, talking about sex and exploring new dimensions in our sex life. One night, I asked Julie to tell me her deepest and most secret fantasies. While we lay together that night, I listened silently as she told me all about her secret sexual wishes. I was spellbound as she spoke, having no idea she had these kinds of thoughts. Thoughts about having multiple partners at the same time, being dominant over a submissive male or female, and other things that I had never head of from her. The descriptions were graphic, vivid and intensely sexual. I knew she wasn't making this stuff up because it was too well thought out - as if she had played it over and over in her mind a hundred times. Julie is not the kind of woman to use blatantly obvious sex words like 'cock' and 'fuck' very often. Just hearing her use those word so often, especially referring to her fantasy about sucking and fucking a 'monster size cock', quite honestly, turned me on immensely. Once she was done, we fucked like rabbits and settled into a nice cuddle with me spooning behind her. As we were resting, Julie asked me to share my deepest and darkest fantasies, too, which I did.

As a direct result of that weekend, I secretly arranged for her to live out two of her fantasies. I painstakingly facilitated every detail to ensure she would be safe in every way and everything would unfold for her exactly the way she described it to me. Over the course of the next six months, I gave her two fantastic weekends where she got the permission and opportunity to fully experience her dreams. I told her she was free to totally enjoy and live her fantasies out with no repercussions what so ever. Needless to say, her fantasy weekends were a complete success and I enjoyed watching her go through it. She was completely surprised, overwhelmed, gratified, overjoyed and very appreciative. She repeatedly thanked me over and over again. Our relationship became stronger, we became closer and the boundaries of our sex life widened considerably. I've never regretted it or second guessed my decisions to allow it. And, I've never been worried that I opened Pandora's Box for trouble down the road.

But, this is not the story of Julie's fantasies (I'll write about that in my next series of stories). Why then, you might ask, would I take the time to give you all that information? The answer is that this is a story of how she reciprocated and facilitated my fantasies into my own fantasy weekend.

I honestly can't put my finger on a point in time when Julie started to work on my fantasy weekend. She's a corporate project manager, and as such, she's a detailed planner and knows how to get things done. There were absolutely no outward signs of what she was up to. Sure, I can remember bits and pieces of conversations, fantasies and confessions we shared, such as my life long interest in panties, my interests in playing a submissive role and fantasies concerning exhibitionism and humiliation. I clearly remember how we told each other about our bi-curious interests. But at the time of these discussions, I never pieced anything together or thought much about it beyond our new sexual openness. Truthfully, Julie seemed to have nothing more than a sincere interest in exploring what turned me on. Or, so I thought.

Last year, she 'matter-of-factly' asked me if I would be willing to put myself completely in her hands so she could give me a fantasy weekend 'I would never forget'. Not wanting to let that question go without more details, I tried every thing I knew to get more information from her. However, Julie wasn't saying anything more than she already had. She simply wanted an answer to her question. She stood firm saying "You'll just have to trust me."

Unfortunately, I'm not the kind of person that can make a blind commitment without knowing what I'm getting myself into. She proudly reminded me how she was able to trust me without question when I set up her fantasies and asked "Why can't you trust me, too?" She had a point, so not wanting to hurt her feelings, I told her "Sure, Babe, if you asked me to do that, I would."

"I'm not kidding here," she said, "If I decide to do this, you'll have to promise me right now that when and if the time ever comes, you'll just go with the flow, do whatever I say and not ask any questions. Are you okay with that?"

"Well, yeah, maybe. It depends on what you have in mind. I'm not going to let you cut my nuts off, pierce my pecker or something like that. Jeez." I replied.

Julie laughed. "I wouldn't cut your nuts off, Honey. I love them way too much for that. But, I mean what I'm saying. If you agree, there's not going to be any changing your mind or backing out. You would have to do exactly what I tell you to do without any argument and do so willingly and happily. If you do, I give you my word that you'll be safe and have just as good of a time as I had on my fantasy weekends. Plus, there will be a special reward waiting for you when it's all over."

"What kind of reward?" I asked.

"A special reward. Something you mentioned a long long time ago when we were dating," she continued, "and you've never brought it up since."

"Do you swear to me you won't make me do anything I don't want to do?" I asked.

"Yep, you have my word on it. So, are you in or out?" A smile formed at her lips as she waited for my answer. I told her I was 'in' and that I would agree to what ever she said. She kissed me and told me I wouldn't regret it.

I immediately started snooping around, looking for signs or preparation or evidence of any plan she was cooking up. Unfortunately, there was none to be found. Actually, I should re-phrase that – I should say 'I wasn't observant enough to see the signs'. In looking back, the signs were all around me.

For example, one of the signs of her preparations I missed were our visits to an adult novelty store every few weeks. She had never shown any interest in going there before, but, we were now going there about twice a month. While there, we would always buy some sex toys to spice things up a bit. While browsing during one of our early visits, she picked up a black leather strap-on dildo harness - the kind a Dominatrix would wear. I looked at her and raised my eyebrows sharply. "Come on," she said, "you know how much you like having something in your butt. This might be fun. Go ahead, just tell me you've never thought about it...." It was true, I do like it when she puts her fingers or a small toy in my ass. We both enjoy that kind of thing and routinely took pleasure in some kind of anal play. Seeing that she was excited about the possibilities, and being more than a little excited about it myself, I was all for it. She selected an average size dildo to use with the harness and we left the store with our new toys.

After returning home, we made dinner together and conversed about all the different toys at the store and the strap-on we purchased. I could tell that she was eager to get dinner out of the way so we could play. She even made some comments about trying out the strap-on tonight. Personally, I was starting to have second thoughts about the strap-on and was hoping she might just want to fuck normally and forget about the strap-on for now.

When dinner was over, we cleaned up and she took my hand and led me upstairs. We took a long hot shower where she washed my hair and my body, teased my cock by washing it until it was painfully hard and poked her soapy finger up my butt. She could tell I was preoccupied with something and asked what it was.

Holding her in the shower, with my erection held tightly between our bodies and with the hot water streaming down on top of us I got deadly serious. "Okay," I started, "Having your fingers in me, or the vibrator in my butt is a little different than having a dildo in there."

"You think so?" she asked.

"Well, sure." I answered.

"Honey, I don't think that's what's bothering you at all," she said, "You've never blinked an eye when we've played back there. What's really going on?" I just looked at her not knowing how to respond to that.

"How many times have I had my fingers or our vibrator in you, Sweetie? Do you have any idea?" she asked.

"A lot, more than I can count, I guess." I said.

"And did you enjoy it," she said, "I mean, did it turn you on and help you cum?"

"Julie, you know the answer to that." I said, "I love it when you do it to me."

"So, let me see if I have this right..... when you lay on your back and raise your knees up so I can play with your butt with my fingers or the vibrator... that's somehow different than doing the same thing with a dildo?"

I couldn't think of a good answer, but, it didn't matter because what she said next totally pinned it for me.

"Here's what I think," she said, "You're freaked out because the dildo looks like a real cock. It has a head like a cock and balls like a cock. It has those veins down the side. That harness thing holds the dildo at the same place where a man's cock would be. Not only that, but, to use it, I would have to fuck you just like a man would fuck. Is any of that close?"

You know, I really hate it when she does this. She's a master at using logic and reasoning and knows me all too well. "I just don't want you to get the wrong impression." I said.

She kissed me and cradled my head in her hands and said "Honey, I think you're afraid you might enjoy it this way and embarrassed that I might know you enjoyed it."

I was silent again as I searched my feelings.

"Am I wrong?" she asked.

I shook my head. No, she wasn't wrong. She hit the nail right on the head.

"Listen," she said, "Our sex life is great. The reason it's great is because we're truthful with one another and have confidence that neither one of us would ever say or do anything to hurt the other one. I know you really like having something in your butt. Guess what – so do I. I also know that you really get off on it when I fuck your butt with our vibrator. I see the way you react every time I do it to you. You love it - I know you do. So what's the big deal using the dildo instead of my fingers or our vibrator? You already told me you had some bi-curious fantasies. Wouldn't you rather try this with me, in the safety of our own bedroom, to see if it's what you think it is? If you don't like it, we can put it away and no harm done – we can say we tried it and we didn't like it. I actually thought you would be thrilled about trying this."

"I am, I mean I was, but...." She put her fingers up against my mouth to stop me from talking.

"Honey," she said, "Let me tell you something. When you fuck me back there I get the most incredible feeling of submission and love for you. I'm offering you the most private part of my body, and letting you fuck me there. When you're in me back there, the feeling I get is more than sexual – it's cerebral. I'm submitting to one of the biggest social taboos there is, all for the man I love."

She looked into my eyes and then kissed me. "For you, though," she continued, "it could be even better. The pressure of the dildo on your prostate might give you the most intense feeling you've ever had. And I know you crave that feeling, so don't deny it. Whenever I touch you there, I can feel that little gland get hard just before you cum. I want you to experience the way I feel when you fuck me like that and I want you to have the chance to see if you like this. If you don't like it, we'll never do it again. You know as well as I do that you're always going to wonder about it."

All I could do at that point was kiss her. So, with the water running down us, we kissed passionately until she broke the kiss and looked at me.

"Okay," I said, "You're right, I do want to try it." And I was being truthful with her, too. In just a few moments of time, she had completely verbalized and resolved my hesitation. Damn her.

We finished our shower and she dried me off. I didn't say much, embarrassed by the fact that we both knew she was going to fuck me in my ass just the way a man would fuck a woman, or, more exactly to the point, the way a man would fuck another man. Embarrassed or not, my cock betrayed my embarrassment and became longer and harder than it was in the shower when she was playing with me.

When we were done in the bathroom, she took me by the hand and led me to the bed. She grabbed both bed pillows and laid them on top of one another and guided me into a position on my hands and knees with the pillows under my stomach. This was a familiar position, but it wasn't usually me like this – it was usually her! As I settled down onto the bed and adjusted the pillows under me, I realized that it was going to happen, I was in the position and I made my mind up to go through with it.

She found our bottle of lube and sat down on the bed behind me. "Let me put some of this on you and then I'll get ready," she said, "just relax and don't cinch up". I remained motionless and let the weight of my upper body rest against the bed and relaxed the muscles in my butt. It actually felt good in that position – I felt brave and wanton. But, I was startled when she started to apply the lube. First, just a little on the outside of my anus, then little by little, pushing her finger in me – a little more each time, spreading the lube inside as her finger moved in and out. I was able to relax a little more as I enjoyed the feeling of her slippery finger moving effortlessly inside me.

"That's it," she said, "Just relax. I can feel you letting go."

She continued to lube me up, now using two fingers as she slowly prepared my bottom for something we both knew would be wonderful. More and more lube was applied and it wasn't long before my butt relaxed enough to accept her fingers without any resistance at all. Hell, it already felt good, too – I mean really good. I could easily be satisfied with just this.

She climbed off the bed and stood to the side where I could watch her put the black leather harness on and insert the dildo into the holder in front of her pussy. She looked majestic standing there naked with a cock pointing out from her crotch. Her small breasts jiggled as she adjusted the harness and the dildo to where she thought it should be. I looked at the dildo, trying to decide how long it was and how many inches around it was, doing the mental arithmetic to decide if it was going to split me open, or if I could accommodate it in my ass easily. She saw me staring at it and crawled up on the bed just a foot from my face. Sitting back, she began to lube up the dildo, coating it by using the same motions a man would use to masturbate his own cock. I was mesmerized watching her stroke it, knowing it would be inside me soon.

She leaned her head down to kiss me and as I reached my head up for her kiss, I felt one of her fingers touch my well prepared hole. As we kissed, she fingered me and I made an intentional effort to relax my ass as much as I could. When the kiss ended, she asked me if I was ready. I nodded my head to tell her that I was. She reached down to kiss me again, then moved behind me to a spot where she was between my legs and moving closer and closer to my ass.

"I'm going to put a little more lube on you so just be still," she said, "you're doing just fine, relax and enjoy this."

I felt her finger return to it's pattern of applying lube and then sinking into me and withdrawing. She repeated this several more times until she said "Just relax now, you're going to love this."

I felt her place the tip of the dildo against my opening. I started to flinch, but she put one of her hands on my butt cheeks and started to caress me there. "Honey," she said, "Just push back on me a little bit and relax your muscles."

I shifted my weight backwards and felt the tip of the dildo start to press into me. I pressed backwards into her and was surprised how effortlessly the head of the dildo slipped into me and past the ring of muscles. Fuck, it was in me. I felt her start to push very gently and it didn't hurt at all. In fact, the more I pushed back into her, the more it went in and the better it felt. I closed my eyes and began to enjoy the exact feelings she described to me while we were in the shower.

The level of care she showed made me feel loved and special. I felt so vulnerable and helpless, yet proud of myself knowing what was happening. It's hard to admit it, but, the feeling of giving up my ass was genuinely fulfilling. I felt embarrassed and helpless, but, at the same time, I felt good and ready for more. I was a sight, I'm sure, on my hands and knees on our bed with my ass offered up to her, knowing full well that this was a role reversal I wanted so much.

My cock was rock hard as she started to pull out and then slowly move back in. I waited for her to impale me, but it never happened. She worked up to a very slow rhythm with the dildo – the cock – gliding in and out of me. My ass completely gave way now and she started to speed up and push deeper into me. I developed an intense warm and relaxed feeling – the feeling of submission and contentment. As she finally began to fuck me, I relinquished all control to her cock and let myself be completely taken by it.

I reached for my cock, thinking I might as well play with myself while she fucked me, only to find it was leaking copious amounts of pre-cum. I was starting to pant and push back into her wanting to feel the cock deeper in my ass. I started to moan and finally told her "Oh, fuck me now baby, fuck me."

And she did. She began to move with more dedication in and out of my ass and her speed picked up. Judging from the rate of thrusts, I was being fucked at about the same rate as I had always fucked her ass.

"How does that feel?" she asked, "Am I hurting you?"

"No, it's not hurting at all," I replied. "It feels good, it's just like you said it would be. Oh shit, it feels like I'm..... oh, man, I think I'm going to cum......"

I felt the pressure build up in my balls, and it was like a slow motion movie as the sensation grew bigger an bigger until I knew an eruption was imminent. After a few seconds, though, my cock was spewing globs of cum – I could literally feel my sperm escaping my cock in repetitive strong squirts. My body tensed as the orgasm warped through me. Julie told me later that my legs were wailing and my ass was bucking as if to fuck the thing myself.

Finally, I fell exhausted and limp against the pillows and the bed. I remember trying to catch my breath and push the dildo out of my ass so I could stretch my body out. When Julie pulled out of me, there was no resistance and the cock slithered out. When it was out, I felt Julie get up off the bed and go into the bathroom. She returned shortly with a warm washcloth and softly cleaned me up saying, "It's just a tiny bit messy back here, just stay like that and I'll have you cleaned up in just a sec."

I couldn't move. I didn't want to move. I was completely exhausted and spent. Quite possibly, this was the strongest cum I ever had.

As I rested, I felt the warmth of the washcloth gently wipe me down. She didn't say a word as she cleaned me off. I felt her pull my cheeks apart and wipe me down. "Well," she said, "I think we used enough lube, that's for sure. Maybe a little less next time."

Hmm, next time? Yes, for sure. There would be a next time.

End of Chapter 1. Watch for another chapter soon and find out more about Julie's preparations for my fantasy weekend. 

My Fantasy Weekend Ch. 02
byPro_Ball_Player©

This is the second chapter of "My Fantasy Weekend". You might find it beneficial to read chapter 1 because all these chapters will lead into the next.

Unfortunately, the first time I tried to post this chapter it was rejected as being garbled. So, that means chapter 3 and maybe chapter 4 would be posted after this chapter, which is too bad because this chapter helps set the tone for every chapter until the end.

Still, I hope you enjoy it. Please vote and please make comments. I answer all emails.

My experience with Julie and the strap-on dildo, was humbling, yet exciting, fulfilling and door opening. Years ago, if you told me I would have bent over to willingly take something up my ass like that, you would have risked a black eye. However, things change. As Julie and I experimented with our bodies, I accepted the fact that I enjoyed some anal play. Since Julie did, too, I just accepted it as part of our routine sex play. The strap-on was a logical step I think I subconsciously always knew we would take.

But the strap-on wasn't the only trick Julie had up her sleeve as she began to do more and more to prepare me for my fantasy weekend.

Another sign of her scheming which I totally missed was her gradual acceptance and introduction of panties into our regular sex play. Not only did I see her in her lingerie much more often, but, she starting wearing her panties to bed and asking me to go down on her while she was wearing them. Sometimes, she would ask me to make love to her while she was wearing them, slipping them to the side so I could enter her. Oh, how I loved all of it. Before long, she started bringing a second pair to bed with her – one that was moist – or a nice pair from the day before – and was holding them to my nose while she rode on top of me, or using them to jack me off and telling me how much it turned her on to share her panties with me. I was a basket case when she did these things. I raced home every day after work just so I could watch her change out of her work clothes, giving me a good show each day. Most of the time she would stand in front of me and let me put my face in her crotch to smell her, and then torment me by telling me I couldn't do more until later. When she finally broached the subject of wearing panties, she asked me if I wanted to try a pair on. OH YEAH! It was as if one of my long time prayers had been finally answered. Since I had secretly done this before without her knowledge, her offer vindicated and validated my hidden desires.

She never once showed any concern as I began to wear her panties. At first, I only put them on occasionally. Then, it grew to where I was wearing them before and after our sex play, and finally it turned into a normal routine with me wearing them virtually all the time. I never once felt that my manhood was in jeopardy and it became a completely comfortable thing for me to slip her silkies up over my hips each day. She would even help me decide which ones to wear, or sometimes pick them out for me, making sure I modeled them for her so she could 'check the fit'. I loved it when she ran her hands over my ass when I wore them, or when she cradled my nylon encased cock and balls in her hands.

After several weeks, she surprised me by tugging me into the lingerie section of Penny's department store while we were at the mall one Saturday evening. "Greg, let's get some panties for you," she said. "You need your own, and besides, you're stretching mine out." I was hard as a rock before she could finish her sentence.

While we shopped, she shooed away the sales girl that kept hovering around and we wandered the lingerie department looking for just the right panties. As we browsed, Julie showed me and described all the different styles and fabrics. "Do you see anything you like?" she asked.

"Well," I said, "First of all, no thongs. And I like the silky feel – like the rayon or nylon. The cotton doesn't feel like that, so, no cotton."

"Okay, that's a start." She said.

"And, they need to be big enough to fit my dick inside and hold my balls in without them falling out. But, no granny panties." I added. She smiled.

We came across some hipsters that looked to be just the right size and style. The new fabrics they have these days are truly wonderful and these were perfect. They were stretchy without being too stretchy. They were soft and shiny, with no scratchy lace or trim and I was getting hard holding them in my hand. My wife reached down and felt my cock saying "Hmm, looks like we have a winner there, big man. You're not going to cum in your pants, are you?"

I watched as she picked out several pair of this style in different colors. First white, then beige, and then black. "Are these okay, Greg?" she asked. I nodded my approval as she reached over to the rack and picked up three more pairs. These were pink. I took a sharp intake of breath as I watched her, but, I didn't stop her or say anything. I had always avoided wearing any of her pink or red panties – it was just too much to deal with. The color was way too feminine and girly for me. I mean after all, I wasn't trying to dress like a girl, I just wanted to wear panties under my regular clothes. In my mind, there was a difference. Apparently in Julie's mind, there wasn't any difference at all.

Julie hooked her arm into mine and pulled me toward the register. Sensing my apprehension, she softly said "Pink goes with just about anything and I think these will look cute on you." The word 'cute' pierced right through me but before I could say or do anything, we arrived at the register counter where the young sales girl asked "Did you find everything you were looking for?" I could have died when Julie looked at me as if I was going to answer. After an uncomfortable pause, she turned back to the sales girl and said "Yes, I think he's set for now."

We completed the sale as I stood in silence and wondered if the sales girl picked up on my wife's attempt to embarrass me. As we turned to leave, I tried to scold her for trying to have some fun at my expense, but she stopped me saying "Come on Honey, do you think you're the first man to buy panties here? I bet that girl sells panties to big strong guys like you everyday. And besides, you're not ashamed are you?"

I shook my head and told her I wasn't ashamed. "Then what does it matter? She doesn't know you and she probably gets off on it, anyway. It will give her something to gossip about with her little friends." I had to admit to myself that I was pretty turned on at the whole idea of buying my own panties and was even more turned on by the fact that the girl might have suspected it. We had just about made it to the aisle between departments when she stopped, turned around and tugged me back into the lingerie section saying, "Oops, I forget something." Julie led me over to an area that must have had five hundred different bras. I don't know how any woman ever finds anything here – there's just too much to choose from.

Oh, fuck. Immediate panic set in and I cringed at the thought of her getting me a bra, too. It wasn't until she started looking through a rack of bras that were her size that I started to calm down. I stood next to her and looked around while she fumbled through the rack, finally pulling one out that I knew was her size, 34B. "What do you think?" she asked. Turning my full attention to the bra, I looked it over – the cups were thin and soft, no under wire and the straps were thin and delicate looking. I imaged her petite breasts gently cradled in the cups and her nips poking through the thin material. I told her it would look good on her.

"Yeah," she said, "I think so, too. I wonder if they have another one?" I had turned around to look toward the panty section when she nudged me and said, "Okay, all done. Let's go." As we walked back to the register, I saw that the same sales girl was still there. She saw us as we got closer and smiled. When we arrived at the counter she said "Back so soon?"

Julie smiled and handed the two bras to the girl who started to scan the items into the register. She stopped as she scanned the second one saying "Oh, these are different sizes. One is a 34B and one is a 36A."

"I know," Julie said, "His and hers."

At first I didn't comprehend what she said. Then it hit me. I felt my face turn red and I started to get a hot flash as the sales girl looked up at me. I was totally shocked and almost started to turn and walk away. If it wouldn't have been for the fact that the sales girl went right back to her job and Julie squeezing my hand, I would have marched right out of there.

I was in shock as we turned and walked away from the counter. I leaned over to her and said "Why the hell did you do that?"

She pulled me in between the racks of some nightgowns and put her hand on my crotch grabbing my cock through my jeans. "That's why." She said. "Your cock is hard, isn't it? You're getting off on this."

"You know damn well I've never said a thing about wearing bras." I told her.

"That's not the point, Greg," she replied, "that girl now thinks you wear bras and panties. Can you image what's going through her mind right now? Do you have any idea how sexual that is? I bet she's so hot she's starting to drip. I bet she'll play with herself tonight just thinking about how cute you look dressed in a bra and panties."

She took my hand firmly saying "Come on, we're going back and you better be good or I'll make you try this stuff on in front of her." She pulled me right into the panty section again. It wasn't long before the sales girl came strolling over saying "Is there something more I can help you with?"

"Oh, yes." Julie said. "Do you have ruffled panties? You know the little girl kind with ruffles across the back, but, in our sizes?" She looked right at me as she emphasized 'our sizes'.

I could feel my face burn red. The heat and pressure on my face was almost unbearable and it got worse when Julie moved up close to her said "Listen, you're not going to say anything about me shopping for him, are you? You know, were good customers here and I don't want to have to worry that we can't come back to shop here without snickering going on, or he might even want to come back sometime by himself."

"Oh, no Maam," she said, "you don't ever have to worry about that. I'm happy to help you with all your lingerie needs and if it's helpful, I would be glad to help him any time he wants to come in. My name is Cathy, and he can just ask for me when he comes in."

Okay, I was ready to pull the plug on this little charade five minutes ago and now I was beyond ready. The only problem was that I was now thinking with my little head, which was pounding in my pants and as much as I wanted to run out of there, something made me stay.

"See there, Greg," Julie said to me, "It's fine. Cathy isn't going to say anything. Let's finish our shopping so we can get the rest of our things done today." Turning to Cathy, Julie asked "So, do you carry panties with ruffles?"

"Well," Cathy said, "Let me show you what we have. We do have some over this way. They aren't really for every day wear, you know, they are mostly, for...... we'll you know, for show. I don't think they would hold up well for daily use."

Cathy took us to another section of the department that had garter belts and real sexy looking bra and panty sets. On one of the display racks, they had a few pairs of ruffled panties that Julie was looking through. One of the styles was a mesh panty with ruffles all the way around – front and back. She looked through the display and found that style in a size S and a size M, both of them pink. Damn, pink again.

Julie turned to the sales girl and asked where the fitting rooms were. Cathy pointed them out but added "We can't allow men in there, though. It's against store policy." The way she said it was undeniable proof that Cathy knew this lingerie was for me. "But," she added, "why don't you just take them over to Men's Wear and you can both use the fitting rooms over there, no problem with that at all."

Julie looked at me and asked "Want to do that, Greg? We can make sure they fit you and it might save us a trip back here to return them if they don't?"

I was trapped. If I didn't say yes, I knew Julie's come back would be worse than just going through with it.

"You can just bring them back over here when you're done." Cathy added.

"Okay?" Julie asked.

The only thing I could say was "Sure." Julie smiled broadly. Cathy pointed in the direction of Men's Wear and told us she would be watching for us when we came back. Hooking her arm into mine, Julie and I walked out of the lingerie department.

On our way over to the men's section, Julie asked if I was mad at her. "You're damn right I am," I said, "you intentionally embarrassed me and even used my name in front that girl. What the hell were you thinking?"

"Honey, don't try to BS me." She said. "I know you're getting off on this. If you're really mad, tell me right now and we'll get out of here. Well?"

I didn't say anything. What was I going to say? The ruffled panties were definitely hot and I already envisioned myself wearing them. Plus, I was turned on by the fact that this stranger knew my secret. Beyond the initial shock of hearing Julie insinuate my lingerie wearing to the girl, I admittedly felt okay about it. The girl didn't freak out, she didn't cringe or scream. In fact, she was pretty nice about it.

"Well?" She asked.

"Okay, Okay." I said. "Just be careful. I don't want us to get kicked out of here."

"Greg, we're not going to get kicked out of here, and you know it, so quit being so melodramatic and trying to act like you're mad. Be honest with me, Honey, you're excited about her knowing, aren't you? Don't forget, I know you fantasize about being exposed and being humiliated. That's why we're here. Haven't you figured that out yet? Just go with it and enjoy it. Follow my lead, Sweetie. When we get home, I'll dress you up in your new panties and we can play. If you're a really good boy, we can play with the strap-on. Interested in that?"

Yes, Julie knew the score, that's for sure. I had every reason to go along with her plan and no reason at all to be mad or upset. I was going to be the winner here if I played my cards right. I was going to get my own panties, have her dress me up in them, and then take me with the strap-on. It just doesn't get any better than this!

We arrived at the men's section and found the fitting rooms. My hard-on, which had become a constant reminder of my excitement since we walked into the store, had subsided during our walk and my cock was back to normal – at least for a while.

The sales guys didn't bat an eye as we walked past them and right in the fitting rooms, found an open room and closed the door. Once inside, Julie turned to me saying "Greg, Honey, let's see how these look on you."

As I started to take my jeans off I asked, "What about you? Aren't you going to try yours on?"

"No," she said, "the small ones will fit me just fine. I just want to see how cute you look in those ruffled panties, Stud. Come on, I'm dying to see them on you."

I pushed my jeans down and stepped out of them. Julie, came and kneeled in front of me, pushing her face into the white Bali panties I was wearing, tracing my cock with her tongue. She reached up to the waistband and pulled them down allowing my now hardening cock to flop out in front of her. She took me in her mouth and started to suck. The mirrors gave a completely new perspective of Julie and it was one I liked. The vision of her on her knees, holding my cock with one hand while she sucked me was surreal. Too bad I didn't have a camera with me.

Soon, she turned to look into the mirror, too, as she kept sucking my cock. She started to deep throat me, still watching herself in the mirror. I had to chuckle to myself, thinking about that old joke of how a woman just can't pass a mirror without stopping to see how she looked. And she looked magnificent sucking me.

After a minute of sucking my cock deeply into her mouth, she stopped and stood up. "I wonder if they monitor these changing rooms with hidden cameras?" she asked.

"Well, so much for not getting kicked out of the store." I said. We both burst into laughter.

"Okay, let's go buster," she said in between giggles, "get those off and try these on. I'm getting horny and I'll need some of that big meat soon. So unless you want me to rape you in here, you better get on with it."

I slipped my panties all the way down and stepped out of them. Julie reached out and took them from me. Then, as if to mock me, she held them to her nose and took a deep breath. "Hmm, these smell like you." She said.

I watched Julie take the ruffled panties off the hanger and then kneel in front of me, holding them open for me to step into. Looking to the side into the mirror, I enjoyed the sight of her slipping the panties up my legs and onto my hips. My cock was now folded up against my stomach, pushing against the waistband. The panties were very light and they couldn't contain my hard cock as it poked out the top.

Julie turned me toward the mirror and we surveyed my new look. Unconsciously, I turned to the right and then to the left, looking at myself. Then, I turned around to see my butt. Somehow, these panties made me feel different than all the ones I had worn before. Even if I do say so myself, the ruffled panties looked good on me. The word that came to mind was 'cute'. They looked delicate and flattering on me. Looking in the mirror, I could see that between the rows of ruffles, you could see right through the panties. Even with the pressure of the waist band trying to contain my cock, I couldn't feel them at all. I looked down to see my cock was starting to leak some pre-cum and moved the waistband down to keep from leaking on them.

"What do you think?" Julie asked.

"I'm fucking speechless right now." I answered. "I don't know if I should be mad or if I should kiss you. Actually, I love them."

"Oh, I'm so happy, Greg. I just knew you would." Julie said as she threw her arms around me and kissed me. "You better get them off before your dick drools all over them, though."

I took the panties off, handled them back to her and she gave me the Bali panties to put back on. As I pulled them up, she stopped me and knelt in front of me again. She reached out and took my cock in her hands and guided it to her mouth. I watched in the mirror as she started to suck me again. This time, she wasn't teasing me. There was no mistake in what she was doing, especially when she told me we weren't leaving until she made me cum.

It was like she was on a mission now, a mission to make me cum. The way she sucked me told me that. She cupped my balls with one hand, stroked my cock with the other and then bobbed her head up and down. I started to get that 'I'm going to cum soon' feeling and warned her. She didn't let up. In fact, if anything, her ministrations became more deliberate and as I approached the point of no return I rested my hand behind her head and held her there upon my cock.

I erupted in her mouth, shooting copious amount of sperm into her as she received it lovingly. My legs got wobbly and when my load was finally emptied, she looked up into my eyes as if to say she loved me.

When I was done, she stood up and kissed me, passing my cum back into my mouth with her tongue. We shared the cum as we kissed, both of us swallowing it until it was gone. Unbelievably, she used the ruffled panties to wipe her mouth and then dabbed them over my lips, as if the panty was a napkin. "Better get dressed now, Stud," she said, "or else Cathy is going to come looking for us."

As I dressed, I watched as she re-hung the ruffled panties back on the hanger. The way she hung them, it was obvious they had been tried on. Out little sales girl was going to know that my cock had been inside those ruffled panties. By this time, I didn't care, though. In fact, I wanted her to know. 

We made our way out of the men's section toward the lingerie department. As we started to get closer, Julie asked me "So, are you going to quit being such a stick in the mud and play along with our little sales girl now?"

"Yeah," I said, "I think I can do that. We're almost done here and I'm sure she's figured everything out by now. Can you do me one favor, though?"

Hugging my arm into her, Julie said "Just name it, Sweetie."

"Can we please return the bra?" I asked. "You know I'm not into that and besides, it doesn't match anything we have."

Julie laughed and said. "Okay, but, I want you try one sometime. We'll have to come back another time and find a matching set for you. Deal?"

It was a fair compromise and it got me out of trouble on the whole bra thing, so I agreed. I suppose my agreement gave the impression I was going to accept another shopping trip to buy a bra, but for now, I was going to escape.

We returned to the lingerie department and found Cathy waiting for us at the counter with a smile on her face. It wasn't a laughing smile, it was a warm, happy to see you again smile.

Julie pulled me right up to the counter and said "We're back again!"

Cathy looked at Julie and then at me and asked "Well, how did they work out?"

Julie handed the ruffled panties to Cathy and as she did, it was painfully obvious that the smaller size, which would have been Julie's, had not been removed from the hanger while the larger size (mine) had definitely been removed and tried on. I looked to see if I could spot any cum or wetness on the panties, but, I didn't see anything unusual. I wondered what Cathy would say if she knew she might be touching my cum.

"I think we'll take them," Julie said, and turning to me asked "Don't you think, Greg?"

I didn't hesitate this time. I was enjoying all of this now. Hoping to shock them both I said "Uh huh, for sure. In fact, maybe we should get a few more pairs."

Cathy looked up from her work to smile that warm smile again. "Which size?"

Still wanting to see how much I could shock them, I played it up saying "Oh, the mediums. They fit me good. Let's see what you have?"

Julie's eyes got big and as Cathy started to go back to where they were on display, Julie gestured for me to follow her saying "Go show her what you want, Stud. I'll just wait here."

I caught up with Cathy at the display where the ruffled panties were hanging.

"We only have a few more of that same style and size," she said "let's see what we can find."

As she looked through the hanging panties she asked "They fit okay on you then?"

"Yes," I said, "they fit great and they are really light, too."

"Yep, I know just what you mean. I have some of these, too. I'm so happy you like them." She said as she shuffled through the display finding things for me to look at. "These are just so cute!"

She showed me what they had left. It amounted to a total of four pairs, 1 more pink pair, a beige pair, a white pair and a black pair. "Which ones were you interested in?" She asked.

"Actually, I think I want them all," I said, "They might be nice to lounge around in."

Cathy looked at me and smiled a devilish smile then asked "Is there anything else I can help you with?"

"No," I said, "I think this is going to be enough for today."

"Okay, just let me put the rest of these things back in order and we'll go back to the register." Cathy started to straighten the rest of the display and as she did, she spoke to me without stopping what she was doing. "I hope you'll come back sometime and let me help you again. We have a lot of really nice things and I totally understand that you might be uncomfortable shopping for these kind of items. I promise you'll never need to worry about that with me."

I guess Julie was right about our little sales girl. She was either the most polite sales girl I ever met, or she was excited about helping me. I was hoping it was the latter and not the former.

When she finished straightening up the display, we waked back to the register where Julie was waiting. She smiled when she saw the hangers Cathy was carrying. As I moved next to Julie, she looked at me asking "You think you have enough there?"

"Well, he's cleaned us out of this style." Cathy said, "I'll make sure we get some more put out soon."

I laughed and shrugged my shoulders. I could tell Julie was surprised and happy at my change of attitude. And, for the record, I was too.

"Oh," Julie said, "I almost forgot. Can we return one of the bras? Maybe we'll come back soon and see if we can find a set. This one doesn't match anything we bought today."

Julie handed Cathy the 36A bra and as Cathy did the return and the purchase of the ruffled panties, Cathy told us she would be more than happy to help us again. She even gave us one of her business cards and put her hours on the back of the card.

"I work every evening, Wednesday through Sunday. I'm off on Monday and Tuesday." She said. Cathy put everything in one big bag for us and handed the card to Julie with a big smile. "Thanks for coming in today," she told us, "it's really been a pleasure and I hope you'll come in again soon."

I think both Julie and I picked up on the fact that Cathy made it extremely clear that she wanted to be 'our sales associate'. We thanked her and as we walked out of the store into the mall, Julie looked at me and asked "Well, that wasn't so bad after all, was it?"

End of Chapter 2. In the next chapter, Julie enlists the aid of Cathy to prepare me even more for my fantasy weekend.

My Fantasy Weekend Ch. 03
byPro_Ball_Player©

This is the third chapter of "My Fantasy Weekend". You might find it beneficial to read chapter 1 and 2 because all these chapters will lead into the next.

*

Our little surprise shopping excursion into the lingerie department was initially stressful, but ended up being a success. I have to pat myself on the back for not running out of there when I wanted to even though I was hopping mad at Julie for springing it on me, and then, embarrassing me in front of the sales girl. In the end, it turned out much better than it could have. I wasn't even upset that Cathy, the sales girl, now knew for sure that I was a panty kind of guy. I mean, why would any of it matter now given the fact that she helped me pick some out. And besides, I got a nice blow job in the dressing room to cap it all off. So, as far as I was concerned, the shopping trip was a definite success.

As we walked through the mall, Julie suggested we stop at the Food Court for some fries and a cold drink before we headed back home. Heavens knows, I could use a rest after what I had been through, so, we strolled into the food court and waited in line to get a snack and a drink. There were a lot of people in line, so we just chatted about work and general stuff until we got to the front to make our order.

When our order was done, we found a table and sat down to eat. After a few minutes we were joking about buying the panties, trying them on, getting a blow job and our new friend, the sales girl, Cathy.

"Greg," she asked, "Let's just say I told you to go into the dressing room with Cathy to try on your panties, would you have done it?"

"That's an unfair question," I told her, "you heard her say guys weren't allowed to go into the women's fitting rooms."

"I know," Julie said, "but, she also said that women CAN go into the men's fitting rooms. After all, I did. That's how you got your blow job, remember?"

"Yeah," I answered, "it was a good one, too. By the way, thanks."

"So, back to my question," she said, "hypothetically speaking, since she's a lingerie professional, would you have gone in there with her if you could have?"

"I don't know." I said. "Maybe, it all depends. Would you let me do that?"

I reminded her that I would have to be partially naked in front of her. Not to mention the fact that that I would undoubtedly have a hard-on.

"You know, Greg, it would be a safe way to live out your exhibitionist fantasies. Think about it – if she willingly went in there with you under the pretense of you trying on panties, doesn't it stand to reason that she's accepting the fact that you're going to be naked in front of her?"

I saw where this was going and decided I wasn't going to spar with her on it. We had talked about my exhibitionist fantasies before. Quite recently, too. She dared me to let her friend catch me naked when she spent the night with us last week. Julie went as far as to tell me she would set it all up so it looked like an accident and was sure her friend would take it in stride. And, I almost went for it. The only thing that held me back is that we see her all the time, I mean usually twice a week, sometimes more.

Of course, Julie said because she was there so often, that's exactly why it would work. In fact, it was almost inevitable something like that would eventually happen. Her reasoning was actually very logical. The more times she was over, the greater the chance of an 'accidental exposure'. All I had to do was play along. I was still reluctant, so she backed off and nothing happened. But, she didn't drop it.

She kept bringing it up. Since it is one of my favorite fantasies, I didn't mind her talking about it at all, in fact, I wanted her to keep brining it up. We started talking about it every night in bed. She used to say "I know she would love it." or "I bet she would love to see you masturbate." Julie even told me about a conversation they had where Julie told her I had a big cock and this girl said "I'd love to see it sometime."

Between the strap-on, the panties and her teasing me about exposing my self with her help, I was living large and walking around with a hard-on all day. We were having more sex than we ever had, and it was better than ever before.

So, I answered her question. "Yes, sure, I'd go in there with her. I would undress in front of her and I might even jack off if I thought it was okay to do that." I said. "That is, providing I knew it was okay with you."

"What if I told you right now that it was okay?" Julie asked. I could see she was serious. I could tell by the absence of a smile and the look in her eyes.

"No problem, Babe," I said, "you set it up and I'll go for it. In fact, for that matter, next time your friend comes over, I'll let you guys walk in on me while I'm stroking my cock. And if anything comes up, I'll just let you deal with it." Even though I was trying to call her bluff, I meant every word I said. If she was going to set it up for me, why wouldn't I go through with it?

"Whoa, hold on there big boy. That's awful close to a dare and you know I can't turn down a dare." She said.

"Julie, if you put me in that position and give me that opportunity, then I'm going to take advantage of it."

Just then our private conversation was interrupted with "Hey, you guys!"

We both heard and turned to see Cathy, our lingerie sales girl, standing there with a tray from the food court.

"Oh, Hi," Julie said, "Isn't this a coincidence. We were just talking about you."

Cathy apologized for interrupting and tried to excuse herself, but, Julie invited her to sit with us. I sort of picked up on the fact that Julie was trying to make me feel uncomfortable, especially after the panty buying experience. We chatted about the mall, and she told us all about working for a large retailer and how she was gong to school during the day and working from two o'clock until the store closed.

After about 10 minutes of just general conversation, Cathy told us how glad she was we came in today. "It was so boring before you came in," she told us, "I had fun helping you. I really think it's great when guys come into our section. We don't get that many, except close to Valentines Day and Christmas, that is."

"Really?" Julie asked. "You don't get many men in there?"

"Well," Cathy said, "Not alone, I should say. We do get some guys that come in alone, but, they usually say they don't need help, or they turn and walk out when we come over to help them."

"Do you think they are shopping for themselves?" Julie asked?

"I don't know, I've never really asked a man that." Cathy answered, "Actually, I think that's kind of cool, though." Cathy looked down into her plate and scooted her food around while we all sat there silent for a second or two. Then she said "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that."

"Oh, there's no need for that," Julie said, "When we left we both said how much we enjoyed having you help us. I think Greg enjoyed it, too. Didn't you honey?"

I nodded my head and smiled at Cathy.

"In fact," Julie went on, "Greg was saying that the experience he had with you was so good that he felt like he might even come in by himself some time. Maybe you can give him some fresh ideas."

Cathy perked right up when Julie told her that. "Oh, that would be great, I can show you all the really cute things we have."

"Greg, would you see if you can get me a strawberry shake over there for the drive home?" Julie said, pointing to an ice cream station in the food court.

"Sure, no problem." I said. Without thinking about it, I got up and started to walk across the food court. After I was about 20 paces away, I started to think about the conversation Julie and I were having about trying on panties with Cathy when the girl walked up to us. I wondered if Julie was just trying to get rid of me for a while so she could try to arrange something. Seeing the long line for the ice cream station, I almost went back to the table. But, thinking better of it, maybe this was a good thing. Maybe the best thing I could do would be to stay away for a while and see where this leads.

I stood in line for a good 10 minutes before I got to the front of the line for Julie's shake. Every now and then I nonchalantly glanced over to see what they were doing. Sure enough, they were chatting, smiling and laughing. Then, it looked to me like Cathy was writing something down. Now, that's interesting. What would Julie be telling her that Cathy would be writing down? I finally arrived at the head of the line and ordered the strawberry shake. I turned and saw them talking again, but now they were bending in close together and my heart started to beat quickly. Was Julie setting me up?

I finally got the shake and made my way back to the table where Cathy and Julie were sitting. "Hey, Sweetie," Julie said, "thanks for waiting in line for me. Guess what? Cathy told me she would do some looking around to see if she can find some different things you might like from the lingerie department! Maybe you can get some new ideas on styles, colors and things."

I wanted to make sure I played this exactly right. What could I say that was supportive, appreciative and left the door open for me?

"Cathy," I said, "that's very generous of you and I don't know what to say. This whole thing is a little, well..... embarrassing for me, and it's nice of you to offer to help. Thanks a lot. Really, I mean it, thank you."

"Oh, don't mention it, Greg. It will be a lot of fun and we'll see if we can find you some really cute things." She said. Looking at her watch, she started to quickly gather her belongings saying that she had to be back to work in five minutes.

We said our good-byes and she turned to leave. As she walked away, Julie turned to me and smiled. "Well," she said, "I think the ball is about to be in your court now, Sweetie."

"What are you talking about?" I asked her.

"Cathy and I had a little talk while you were kind enough to get my shake." She said.

"Well, I figured that part out already." I told her.

Julie proceeded to give me the blow by blow detail of their conversation. I listened patiently as she told me everything.

I guess it started out by Julie telling Cathy how much she appreciated her giving me a good shopping experience today. In return, Cathy told her she thought it was really fun to help a male customer that was shopping for himself, and added she would love to do it again. Julie told her that I was starting to wear panties everyday and we were having a bit of a hard time finding panties that would hold me in all the time. At first, Cathy didn't understand, but Julie told her that I was 'bigger than average' and I always seemed to have problems keeping my 'private parts' inside the panties, which is actually the truth.

Cathy asked what style I had been wearing and Julie told her that up to now, I had been wearing her bikini style panties. Cathy told her that maybe what I needed was something with more coverage, something bigger than a bikini. Julie told her that she liked it when I wore the bikinis around the house because it shows me off better, especially when I get hard.

I thought Julie was BS'ing me and I asked her if she really said that. She told me she did, and according to Julie, Cathy thought it was hilarious. But, Cathy also told her she totally understood, and maybe what I needed was a style I could wear to work under my regular clothes, and then some I could wear at home when it was okay to be more daring. Julie fully agreed. What I really needed, she said, was a full supply of my own undies – some for work and some for play.

I was shocked when I learned she told Cathy that I might be "discovering my feminine side" and she wanted me to feel free to explore that. Additionally, she confided in Cathy that I was extremely embarrassed to shop by myself. What I needed was someone who knew about lingerie, someone I could talk to openly about what I wanted to wear and someone who would understand the sensitive nature of a man going through all of this. Lastly, Julie told her that even though I couldn't admit it yet, she thought I needed to explore all the offerings of the lingerie department and not just concentrate on the panties.

Julie admitted to me that she stretched the truth a little bit. "A little bit?" I asked. "My feminine side? Where the hell did that come from?"

Julie reached out to put her hand over mine and said something which I totally feared. "Honey, well, it kind of makes sense, doesn't it? You've graduated to wearing panties everyday, and now, you've bought some of your own. You've been enjoying the strap-on and you told me that you've had some bi-curious thoughts. That sure sounds a little feminine to me. Now, don't get me wrong, Sweetie, I don't mean any of that negatively. The truth is... I'm actually pretty damn proud of you."

I looked directly at her. In the brief instant that it took me to replay the significant events of the last several months in my head, I had to admit that it might look that way. But, was it true? Did all this add up to mean I had a feminine side and was trying to discover it?

Julie told me that Cathy immediately volunteered to help, saying that we could come in anytime she was there and she would dedicate herself to helping me fill out my wardrobe. That was exactly what Julie wanted to hear, but, "There's still a small problem" Julie told her.

"What's that?" Cathy asked.

Julie told her she felt it was better if I did my shopping alone, so that Julie didn't influence my interest and selections. "No problem," Cathy said, "just send him in and I'll take care of him personally."

"That's great," Julie said, "But, does that mean you'll go into the fitting room to make sure everything fits for him?" Cathy reminded Julie that men weren't allowed in the fitting rooms.

Julie suggested she might have to go into the men's fitting room with me. "Oh, no," Cathy told her, "I can't do that. It's against store policy. If one of the men's department associates saw a woman sales associate go into their dressing room with a male customer, I could be fired on the spot."

Then Julie asked "Well, how about a different store, then?"

Cathy started to catch on now. She asked Julie if there would be any problem with her doing that – being in the fitting room with me while I tried on different things. "I don't see why not," Julie answered, "If it's standard policy across most stores to allow women that are shopping with men to go into the men's fitting areas, I guess that will work. That is..... unless that's too weird for you."

Cathy asked her straight out "Let me make sure I understand this, you're telling me it's going to be okay if I'm in the fitting room with your husband while he's changing clothes – trying on panties? You know he's going to be, uh, uncovered?"

"Yes," Julie answered, "I realize that, and it's fine with me if you're willing to do it."

Julie told me Cathy's eyes lit up and she started to smile. As Julie hoped, Cathy couldn't agree fast enough to be my personal lingerie consultant. She was beaming at the whole idea and even asked Julie if this was on the level.

"Yes, Cathy," Julie said, "I'm being totally honest with you. I know he's going to be exposed, but, I trust him, and I think I can trust you, too. Oh, one thing you do need to know is that he's almost always 'excited' when he's wearing panties."

"You mean 'excited' as in 'erection'?" Cathy asked.

"That's exactly what I mean, Cathy. Would that bother you?" Julie said.

"Heck no," Cathy answered, "that wouldn't bother me at all, not one bit! That would be just so cool."

"Look," Julie added, "he knows how to take care of that if it gets to be too big of a problem. If you feel uncomfortable, just tell him. He knows what to do."

"OH MY GOSH!" Cathy exclaimed. "That would be amazing! I swear I would be totally okay with it. I've never seen a guy do that, uh, all the way. Are you sure he'll do it in front of me?"

Julie told her I had something of an exhibitionist streak in me and she was sure I would be completely willing to be naked and masturbate in front of her. She also promised she would talk to me about not being a problem and doing exactly what Cathy said while we were out.

Julie told me that Cathy was more than excited and eager to help out, in fact, now she had a lot more questions. She asked if it was okay for her to touch me while I was trying on clothes in order to check and adjust the fit. Julie told her that was fine. "Even if he's trying on panties?" Cathy asked. "Of course," Julie answered, "He needs to get the right size and we need to make sure his balls won't come out of the leg holes and that his wienie will fit inside."

"He's bigger than average?" Cathy asked.

"Yes," Julie said, "and that's been part of our problem, he's got a lot down there. When he gets hard, it's worse, so you're going to have to check for that and take his size into consideration when you're checking for fit."

"And, you're sure he's going to be okay with all of this?" Cathy asked. "Even, jacking off, uh, I mean masturbating in front of me?"

"It's okay to say 'jacking off', Cathy, and trust me," Julie answered, "he won't complain a bit. He might be embarrassed at first, but that won't last long. "

Julie paused for a minute and then asked "Cathy, I hope you don't mind if I ask this, but, do you have much experience with men? How old are you, can I ask that?"

"I'm 18, and no, I don't have a lot of experience." She sighed and told Julie that with school, working and her irregular personal schedule, she didn't date much. "But," Cathy said, "I'm not a virgin if that's what you mean."

Julie told her it wasn't that at all, but, she was kind of surprised that Cathy hadn't seen a man masturbate to climax before, finally telling her. "Cathy, the more you're around men, you'll find out they masturbate, or, jack off, a lot. So, don't be surprised about that – ever, and don't be surprised if they want you to watch. And, I'll tell you this.... you can learn a lot by watching them."

"Like what?" Cathy asked.

"Well, for example," Julie said, "how they really like to be touched. If you watch them, you'll know how to touch them yourself. Personally, for me, I've never turned down the chance to watch any man stroke himself, and especially with Greg. I'm sure you'll see what I mean. Besides, it will make him cum faster if you do."

Finally, Cathy asked why Julie wasn't the one shopping with me and why it seemed Julie was so willing to let me be naked and jacking off in front of her.

That was something I wanted to hear about, too, but, hadn't asked up to now and I wasn't about to look a gift horse in the mouth, so, I just kept my mouth shut.

"Cathy, I'm going to tell you this in confidence, okay? And this is the complete and honest truth." Julie told her.

"Okay. I understand." Cathy answered.

Julie told her that she loved me very much, more than any other person she ever knew. Then told her how we had been experimenting with fantasies and different kind of things to keep our sex life fresh and new. About how I had granted her two of her greatest fantasies and frankly, she wanted to allow me the chance to try out some of the things I had fantasized about. Julie didn't want me to go out to find a hooker or a mistress to do these things, so, she decided to take it upon herself to give me these opportunities so I wouldn't have to go somewhere else for them. She added that if Cathy was willing, she could be a part of it.

My heart sank as she spoke. Everything came into focus and I saw my wife, my darling wife, sitting there with a tear in her eye as she touched my hand and said "Greg, I do love you more than you could ever know, and what I just told you is exactly what I told Cathy and is the honest truth."

As we were sitting there in the food court, the noise and the people around us seemed to disappear, leaving only us in the whole universe. My heart went to her and leaning across the table, I kissed her and told her that she meant everything to me.

Wiping the tear out of the corner of her eye, she said "Okay, let me tell you the rest and then you can take me home for some bone jumping."

They decided that Cathy would check out some of the stores in the mall to get an idea of what they had and then she would call Julie and set a date for our shopping trip. That must have been what Cathy was writing when I saw her from the ice cream line – she was writing down our phone number.

By the time Julie was done relating the conversation to me, I was touched. She summed it up by telling me "You're all set. We'll wait to see if she calls. If she does, you can go out on your shopping trip, pick up a whole new girly wardrobe and I'll trust you to do what Cathy and I tell you to do. Just promise me you won't hide anything from me."

"Babe," I answered, "you'll never have to worry about that."

We eventually strolled out to the car, stopped for fast food and drove home. Arriving through the front door, she took the bag from me and told me to strip and wait for her to call me. I handed her the bag and she walked back to our bedroom and closed the door.

Anticipating the obvious, I went into the hall bathroom and took care of my business there, making sure I washed myself off well with a washcloth before stepping out into the hall to await her call.

After about 10 minutes, she opened the door and called to me. "Sweetie, you can come in now."

As I entered, I noticed there were 15 or 20 candles lit all around our bedroom and I could smell the aroma of vanilla in the air, something I really like. On the bed I recognized a spray bottle of Halston perfume, which she knew was my favorite and a bottle of our sex lube. Along side the perfume laid a pair of the ruffled panties, the pink ones. She was dressed in nothing but the strap-on harness and the dildo. With the lights off and the candles burning, the whole room looked and smelled like a honeymoon suite itching to be used.

She reached out for my hand and I gave it to her. She led me over to the bed and told me to bend over the side. As I did, I felt my hard cock hit the cold sheets and I took a deep breath knowing full well what she intended to do with me in this position. I guessed I must have been very good during our outing and she was going to reward me.

She stood behind me and pulled my cheeks apart. "I see you got your self ready, my pretty." She said, imitating the famous witch voice from the Wizard of Oz movie. She uses that voice every now and then and it always makes me laugh when she does. This time, though, I didn't laugh. I knew she was looking at my anus and sizing it up for the fucking she was about to give me. My heart was pounding and my cock was aching.

She reached for the lube and deftly lubed my ass. By now, I knew just how to relax my butt to accept as much of the lube and her fingers as necessary. When she was finished preparing my hole, she pulled me to my feet and turned me to face her. Reaching for the new pink ruffled panties, she spoke to me saying "Sweetie, these are your 'Fuck-Me Panties'. When ever you want me to make love to your bottom, put these on and I'll know exactly what you want. Here, put them on, but only if you want my cock."

I took them from her and was about to step into them when I noticed she had made some alterations to the panty. There was a round hole cut in the front of the panties and a much much larger hole cut in the back. I didn't even have to ask, I immediately knew the reasons for the holes. Pulling the panties up my legs, she reached in and guided my cock into the front hole. Pulling the panties up to my hips, she ran her hands across my ass and cupped my balls in her hands. I wondered if she knew what she was doing to me.

Her hands went up to touch my nipples, lightly brushing them – and then lightly pinching them. She leaned in and licked one, then breathed her warm breath on it and repeated it on the other nipple. Shivers shot up my spine. I didn't know my nipples were so sensitive! Reaching over to the bed, she picked up the spray bottle of Halston and sprayed just a touch behind each of my ears as she whispered "This is something we can share from now on – but only on these special occasions."

She bent down and picked up her worn panties up from the floor and handed them to me. "You can have these," she said, "to sniff while I make love to your bottom." I took the panties and held them to my nose to smell her aroused scent.

With a crooked smile on her face she said "Now, little girl, get on your knees and get me ready to take you." I knew exactly what she meant and as I got down on my knees, I knew this was another boundary I was about to cross.

Hesitantly, I looked up at the dildo that had been the instrument of my previous deflowering. "Go ahead, Sweetie," she said, "It won't hurt you. Show me how much you want this. Show me what a good little girl you can be. Go ahead, suck my cock."

In my mind I knew it wasn't really a cock, but, I also knew that if I did this, Julie would see that I was capable of doing it to a real cock. She reached down and put her hands on the back of my head, stroking my hair and gently pulling me toward her cock. As I got closer, I simply opened my mouth and let it slide inside.

"Now, that wasn't so hard, was it?" she asked. I shook my head to answer 'No'. "All girls have to learn how to do this, Sweetie," she added, "It's time you learn how to get me ready for you." Her words were lighting me on fire. They set me ablaze with wanton excitement and desire. This was so far out of my comfort zone, yet, so thrilling, I couldn't and didn't stop. I gobbled the fake cock up, sucked it in and licked it up and down.

"Oh," she said, "You like this now, don't you? I can see you're going to be a good cock sucker. But only a little bit more and then it will be time for you to open your bottom up to me." Her words were exciting me, no, more than that, they were tempting me to play the role. She kept calling me 'Little Girl', maybe because I was in the ruffled panties, or maybe because we were blazing new trails, or maybe it was that I was acting like a shy little girl. It didn't mater though, because I was into playing the role and she knew it.

She put her hand on me and started to push me off her cock saying "I want you to be good now and lay over the bed. It's time." I got up intending to kiss her, but, I think she anticipated that and instead, gently turned me around and bent me over. "That's right Little Girl. First you got me hard, now you are giving yourself to me." She said.

"I just love your naughty little panties. And, look, they have a nice hole in them so you don't have to take them off. You can even keep them on while we make love." I was turned on by the way she said 'Make Love'. It was warm and inviting and I felt like we really were making love and not just butt-fucking. She said it in such a convincing way that I was visualizing myself as a girl, about to get it deep.

So, I laid there, sniffing her panties while she made love to me, gently at first, and then deeper and faster until I knew we weren't making love any more as much as I was being fucked. I started to reach down to feel my cock, but she told me "No. You tell me when you think you are getting close and I'll do that for you. Lay still and take this like a nice girl. Don't worry, I'll make you cum."

I was finally at the point where I couldn't hold back any more. The pressure of the cock on my prostrate was too much and I finally said "I'm getting so close..... Julie, please make me cum." There was no reaction from her. She kept up her same pace. "Julie, please....." I pleaded.

"Julie, please....." again I asked her for relief. Finally, I raised my voice and in desperation I almost screamed at her "Julie, damn it, I'm going to cum!"

She pressed in to me and reached around to start jerking my cock. At her first touch, I began to squirt thick streams of cum. I felt it flowing out of me like my cock was a sperm hose. I was bucking, shaking and thrusting all at once while feeling my ass muscles contract around her cock as it lay buried into my ass.

I was finally spent. She laid her chest down on my back and cuddled me as I came down from my orgasm. "Good girl," she said "you did fine."

End of Chapter 3. In the next chapter, Cathy takes me shopping and learns a lot about men in panties. Maybe too much.

My Fantasy Weekend Ch. 04
byPro_Ball_Player©

This is the fourth chapter of "My Fantasy Weekend". You might find it beneficial to read chapter 1,2 and 3 because all these chapters will lead into the next. If you don't read at least chapter 3, you won't follow much of this at all.

In this chapter, Julie sets the rules and gives expectation for his shopping trip with Cathy in Chapter 5.

*

Have you ever noticed that if you remove the emotion from your thoughts and just work with the facts of a certain situation, things will become clear? Oh yes, I agree that once clarity sets in you might not like what you see, but, that doesn't change the fact that understanding a situation makes you better able to deal with it. I was trying to deal with a lot recently and my mind was so captivated by our sex life that I didn't have time for much of anything else.

I had received a royal ass fucking when we returned from lingerie shopping. Once I recovered from the ecstasy of my orgasm, the realization of the way she took me and the way I sucked her cock set in. The remorse of showing excitement as I sucked it was more than I was ready to face right now. When Julie pulled the dildo out of my ass, she rubbed my back for a minute and suggested I take a shower and then have a snack together. Then, she left me and went into the bathroom off the hall. I didn't think much of her disappearance; I just thought she was giving me some space after humiliating me and taking my ass the way she did.

I do some of my best thinking in the shower and it was there, relaxing under the warm water after our strap-on session in the ruffled panties, that I began to see and understand everything that was happening between Julie and I with more clarity. Like I said before, the signs were all around me, I just didn't put it all together. However, I was well on the way to seeing the bigger picture now.

The panty shopping trip was fun and even though I initially resisted it, I knew that it was something that was inevitable for me. With or without Julie, it was destined to happen, I knew that now. The fact that we met Cathy there was icing on the cake – simply sheer luck and fate that Julie used to her benefit. The whole thing with Cathy offering to take me lingerie shopping and all the implied things that go with that, such as trying them on in front of her, was a surprise, but I have that figured out now. Even the strap-on session following the shopping trip where Julie started calling me "Little Girl" is all resolved in my eyes. It all makes perfect sense, and if I'm right, I know where all of this is headed and I'm not going to resist if I'm right.

This truly started out the weekend where we made up after our big fight two years ago. This was the mother of all fights for us – complete with yelling, screaming and name calling. During our make-up weekend and through discussion later, I basically told her I was interested in panties, submission, exhibitionism, humiliation and that I was bi-curious. Thinking back, I was fairly clear on all of that. Could she have started a mental data base with that information to use later?

Shortly after the fight, I gave her two fantasy weekends that were an unbelievable success. One of her fantasies, in particular, was where she wanted to be fucked (notice I didn't say make love) by a man with a monster size cock. Now, I'm bigger than average in the cock department, but Julie wanted something huge – she wanted to be, as Julie described it, 'stretched and filled to capacity'. So, I made it happen (this is the subject of a story series that will be posted). I was willing to let her have her weekend, all by herself, but she eventually involved me so I watched and lived most of it with her.

Seeing her with that monster cock in her hands, in her mouth and in her pussy was one of the most incredible things I've ever seen. I spent the whole time with a hard-on, masturbating, watching them and, yes, cleaning her up each time they were done. And, my actions didn't go unnoticed by Julie, that's for sure. She stored her observations of my behavior in her data bank. There was no doubt about it now.

The days and weeks following that weekend is when I think the wheels really started to turn in Julie's head about me. But, knowing her and her detailed nature, not to mention her background as a Corporate Project Manager, she needed even more information to decide what she was going to do about me and how she was going to do it.

The strap-on play and it's associated connection with being submissive and being bi-curious was just more information for the data bank. And, since the first time with the strap-on, she's been adding little variations and making it more intense for me. I've gladly accepted everything she's offered, so, that's more information for the data base, too.

We started out slowly with the panties. She grew the panty play from something she didn't even know about to something that she allowed, enabled and then fostered. Seeing how I reacted and how I responded – she put that information into the data base, too.

Then she changed gears on me during our shopping trip. Talking about my panty wearing habits in front of Cathy - that was initially extremely embarrassing. And, the way I handled it – that went into the data base. The way she worked with Cathy to force me to try on the ruffled panties – more information for the data base.

Then she convincingly talked Cathy into taking me shopping, telling her it was fine for me to be naked and masturbate in front of her. Didn't that equate to my exhibitionistic desires as well as being potentially embarrassing and humiliating. Again, just more information for the data base.

Fucking my ass with the strap-on while I wore the ruffled panties, cleverly modified with a hole to allow my cock to stick out the front of the panties and an access hole for the strap-on take me. Absolutely more info for the data base.

Having me suck the strap-on dildo like a cock before she used it on me and calling me 'Little Girl', telling me all girls need to learn to suck cock and putting perfume on me? You guessed it, more information for the data base.

Truthfully, the list goes on and on. The whole offer to set me up to expose myself to her friend, and dozens of other things all have fallen into place. She's taking each facet of my fantasies and seeing what my interests and limits are, and putting that information into her data base. Okay, I've really got her figured out now, and as I was rinsing the shampoo out of my hair, the key pieces of the puzzle slipped into place.

First, I recalled our conversation about her giving me a fantasy weekend and if I would comply with whatever she asked. I wonder if she's now thinking about step two of her plan, that is, once she knows the limits on my fantasies, putting something in place to let me live them out? That sure seemed reasonable to me.

Next, our sex life had migrated into two distinct modes. We had times where all the action benefited me and centered on one or more facets of my fantasies. During those times, she never got any kind of sexual release, and didn't have an orgasm. She didn't even touch herself. And, we had times where the sex was 'normal' and she would get up on top of me and ride me, or pull me on top of her, and there was never any mention about any of my fantasy interests. She would always cum three or four times, which is normal for her. What all this means is there were now times where we have sex and it's only for me – she's bypassing her own satisfaction. I think this is part of her plan to keep the pieces of my fantasies in place and alive. Maybe it's even more data for the data base.

And, one of the biggest keys to the puzzle was the conversation she had with Cathy at the mall, where she told Cathy that she loved me and wanted to allow my fantasies so I wouldn't have to go anywhere else to get them. The whole conversation she related to me was sincere, I thought, and a keen insight into what she was doing.

So, I had my own data now. As I considered everything, the picture formed. Clearly, she was giving me small pieces of my fantasies in an 'on-going' basis to test my reactions and then noting the results. She used this information to define where my preferences and limits were, and then she would incorporate her own understanding of the data to keep refining everything until she knew exactly what I wanted, how I wanted it and how it would affect me. Once she knew all of that, arranging my fantasy weekend would be an easy task and she would have guaranteed success. This is the project manager in her coming out.

FUCK! I am brilliant! I tried to look at everything to see what other conclusions I could arrive at, and there were none that fit closer than this.

So, what I have to do now is recognize when she's collecting information for her data base and make sure she gets the messages I want her to get. This was going to be fun, too, since I knew what her game was, I could control the outcome. But, you know, there was a part of me that didn't want to control anything, and I knew she was this out of love for me, so I decided to stay away from trying to manipulate what she was doing. Instead, I would make sure she got the message when I liked something and when I didn't.

I knew that her eventual goal was to give me a fantasy weekend that would be just as memorable as the ones I gave her. I had to keep that in mind and allow her this conquest. I wouldn't let on that I knew what she was doing. She's put so much effort into this up to now, it might break her heart if it backfires, so, yes – I can go along. Damn, I love her.

There were only two things that I didn't have figured out, though:

1)What was the thing I mentioned to her when we were dating and haven't mentioned since? She said it was something that will be my reward if I'm a good boy throughout my fantasy weekend. I didn't have a clue now, but, I was going to work on that.

2)Where was the whole bi-sexual thing going to lead? We used to use a vibrator on my ass when we took time for some ass play. I was taking a lifelike cock in my ass on a semi regular basis now and she's had me suck it, too. I didn't have to think very hard to see the eventual destination. The question was, though, how did I feel about it and where were my limits? Would I take a real cock in my mouth or in my ass?

I finished my shower, dried off and put on a pair of boxer shorts. I hadn't worn anything but panties for weeks now and the boxers felt weird, but, I had my reasons. Julie wasn't in the bedroom, but, I noticed that the bed had been straightened up, the shopping bags all emptied and the new panties were in the laundry hamper, tags cut off and ready to wash.

Coming down the hall toward the front of the house, I heard splashing in the hall bathroom (where the tub is) and figured Julie was shaving her legs. I love to watch her in the bath and sometimes we talk and have a beer while she does that, so I grabbed the door knob and started to walk in. However, the door was locked. She's never done this before - tried to lock me out, I mean. I wondered why.

"Julie, did you lock the door?" I asked.

"Uh-huh," Julie answered, "I did."

"Oh, okay," I replied. "Everything okay?"

"Uh-huh, just fine," Julie answered again. "I'll be out in a few minutes."

"Okay," I said, "see you in a bit, I guess."

Hmm, this was strange. It's just us in the house and I've never once known her to lock a bathroom door. Something is going on, I knew it, but, I didn't want to have a conversation through the door, so, I let it go.

Walking into the kitchen, I got the idea to surprise Julie with a special snack she likes. I headed back down the hall to the bathroom to see how long she was going to be in there.

I knocked and asked "Hey, you shaving your legs?"

Again, she answered "Uh-huh."

"Are you going to take a shower after that?" I asked.

"Uh-huh. I need to wash my hair." She said.

That's all I needed to know. That would give me enough time to work up her special surprise. "Okay, I'll see you when you get done. I have a surprise for you." I said.

"A surprise? What for?" she asked.

I didn't answer her, I just went back to the kitchen and pretended I wasn't at the door anymore. Once in the kitchen, I set to work creating her favorite dessert of all time. She actually told me once that it was better than sex. She's never seen me make it, so it's always a surprise when I do. It's been at least 8 months since the last time, and I felt tonight was a good time to make it.

I call this dessert 'Chocolate Smash' and I stole the idea from a friend..... well, sort of. Before I got married, I once had a friend who went to a famous culinary institute in upstate New York. While there, they taught him how to make mousse and pudding from scratch. Experimenting, he added his own twists to it, and after some trail and error, came up with something that is, as Julie says, better than sex.

It's chocolate pudding made with vanilla extract, vodka, amaretto and Irish whisky. I got the milk out and the pudding mix and starting mixing. Soon it was ready to cook. When you make this, you really have to watch it so it doesn't boil, so, I stood right there the whole time and stir it until everything is done.

I heard the shower turn off just as the pudding was done. Knowing it would take her a few minutes to dry her hair, I let the pudding sit while I cleaned up my mess. When I heard the bathroom door crack open and the hair dryer turn on, I knew I was down to no more than 5 minutes before she would be out. I wanted to be standing there with her treat in my hand when she was ready to walk out of the bathroom.

I made it, too. I had been standing there maybe a minute when the door came open and she turned the light off. She was naked, holding the clothes she had been wearing in a bundle against her chest. She turned to go toward the bedroom as I said "Hey."

I must have startled her since she jumped. I smiled and held out the warm pudding. "No way!" she yelled.

"Yes way, baby," I said, "here's your surprise."

"Wow," she said, "What did I do to deserve this?"

"Julie," I said, "do you have any idea how much I love you? Do you know that my whole life is consumed with love and lust for you? When you told that girl today that you loved me more than anything else, do you know that's not even a fraction of how much I love and adore you?"

She leaned in to kiss me. It was a tender, soft kiss. As the kiss lingered, I could smell the fragrance of her shampoo in her hair and I started to get hard. "Take this and let me take those." I said reaching for the bundle of clothes.

I took the clothes from her and handed her the chocolate surprise. We walked toward the bedroom and she set the tasty treat on the dresser and started to open her lingerie drawer to get some panties. I stopped her saying "Hey, can you stay naked for me?"

"Okay," she said. Pointing to my boxers, she asked "So, where's your panties, Stud?"

"Not tonight, Baby. Tonight, I'm devoting myself totally to your pleasure. I want to make love to you and make you cum all night – as many times as you desire. Any way you want it, and for as long as you want it. Will you let me?" I asked.

"Wow, any way I want it? Are you sure you're ready for that?" She asked.

"Honey, I have been a living hard-on seven days a week for months now thanks to the things you've been doing. Fuck, it's been unreal and more than I could have ever dreamed for. But, we're going to have to even things up a little. I'm starting to feel guilty you've been catering to me and I haven't been doing such a good job for you."

"So," she said, looking at me cautiously, "you want me to stop?"

"No, not at all," I said, "I'm loving it, but, I just want to know that you're enjoying things, too."

I twisted to dump the clothes I was carrying into the laundry hamper. When I turned around, she was moving toward me. "Oh, Sweetie, I have been enjoying it, believe me, I have been. Being dominant has always been something I wanted, and, I'm so sorry I pushed you too far when we got back from the store. I just thought, you know.....we could try it like that."

"Well, I hope you don't think I'm mad or something, Julie. I Loved it. All of it. Everything you did and everything I did. It was time for some of that, I just couldn't admit it or ask for it." The words I said to her came from within me without thinking or planning them. They popped out of my mouth before I could even stop them. And you know, it felt good to say them. She smiled a knowing smile as if to say 'Yes, I know'.

"I bet you'd like my panties to sniff tonight, huh?" She asked. Then not waiting for my answer, she bent down and reached into the laundry hamper and pulled out the panties she had been wearing. "You can have these later, but, not until you make me cum a few times."

She walked over to the bed and put her panties under her pillow, then sat down on the bed. "Where's your snack?" she asked.

"Oh, it's in the kitchen," I said, "hold on.... I'll get it." When I returned from the kitchen, she was laid out on the bed with her knees up and legs spread. Her eyes were closed and she was slowly running her fingers up and down her labia. I could hear the familiar sounds of her wet vagina. She didn't open her eyes when I entered. "Stay just like that." I said.

I picked up her snack, and took it and mine over to the bed and sat down next to her. Her eyes were still closed and she was rubbing her lips up and down, lingering momentarily at her clit when her fingers came to the top. I took a spoonful of the Chocolate Smash and held it up. "Open your mouth, Babe." I asked.

When she did, I put the spoon in and gave her the first bite. Her head sank back and she savored the taste, never missing a beat with her fingers. Now, let me tell you a bit about why this is called Chocolate Smash. Each serving has over 1 ounce of alcohol in it. But, I had made this batch intentionally strong, so, I knew this would get to her pretty quickly. I had already decided I was going to give her both hers and mine, so by the time she was done, she would have over two ounces of alcohol in less than 30 minutes. The way alcohol affects Julie is remarkable. It makes her loose, carefree, wild and horny. I was looking forward to getting her a little drunk to see if I could figure out some of her plans for me.

After her first bite I told her to just relax, keep her eyes closed and continue to masturbate. I added "I love to watch you touch yourself like that. It makes me really hard and the sound of your wet pussy makes me want to lick your juices all up."

"Hmm," she said, "I could go for some of that."

"Not yet," I answered her, "you have to finish your snack first."

I gave her another spoonful, this time a big one. "Oh, this stuff is heavenly," she said, "but, you made it stronger this time, huh?"

"Maybe a little." I said. It was a bold face lie since it was about twice as strong, but, I think she knew it, so no big deal.

"What are you thinking about while you play with yourself, Babe?" I asked.

"You really want to know? Honestly?" she asked.

"Uh-huh." I answered.

"You..... and Cathy in those fitting rooms."

She shifted her legs and rested them on the bed with a slight bend in her knees.

"Oh really," I said, "that sounds nasty."

"Oh, yeah," she said, "it's very nasty. You're changing in and out of bras and panties while she watches. She's touching the panties all over to check the fit, and your cock is hard. She just can't help but touch it while she checks the panties. It's so hard she has to move it around for you."

I slipped off my boxers, gave her another big spoonful of the potent pudding and then started to stroke my cock.

"I guess she would have to touch me everywhere, right? We wouldn't want to get the wrong size. What else?" I asked.

Julie moaned as her fingers dipped deep between her lips into her pussy, then she said "She makes you take everything off and masturbate because I told her that's the only way to make your cock go down and she wouldn't be able to check the fit correctly with a hard on. She has you stand right in front of her and she's staring at your cock while you do it."

After giving her another heaping spoonful of the pudding, I asked her to tell me more.

"Oh," she said, "You are stroking it real slow, and your cock is starting to leak. She tells you to clean up after yourself, so you wipe the head of your cock with your finger and put it in your mouth. Then, she sits down on the bench in the fitting room to watch you."

Julie's fingers are soaked and the sounds of her wet pussy are more proof that she's way past being turned on. I give her another big spoonful of the pudding and ask "Does she let me cum soon?"

"Actually, no," she answered, "I'd want her to make you take some time so she can watch and enjoy it. I'd want you to go slow at first, let her see everything you like to do to your cock. You could let her see it up close and let her see it leak – ah, that would be nice. If you're going to expose yourself correctly, you need to do a good job and spend enough time to make it worth while for her, too, you know."

I gave her another spoonful of the pudding and she rested her head back. "I'm starting to get a pretty good buzz now. Are you sure it's only a little bit stronger than usual?" She asked.

"Oh, maybe a little stronger," I said, "So, you think Cathy would get into that?"

"Definitely," Julie said, "you should have seen her eyes light up when I told her you might have to masturbate while trying on panties just to get your cock to go down. So, I want you to make it good for her, understand? Let her see clearly and don't rush it. You can consider this your first formal exhibitionist training, Greg. There would be more times after this, too. You're going to need practice to get good, you know."

I gave her another bite of the pudding and then set Julie's cup aside and picked mine up. "I see," I said, "This is formal training for me?"

"Hmm, I would like it to be," she said with her eyes still closed and her fingers still working on her pussy, "and if you like it, I can find other ways to expose you. I would love to show your cock off, Honey, it's such a nice one and I shouldn't let you hide it all the time."

"What am I gong to do when I'm ready to cum? Should I just let it go all over the floor of the fitting room?" I asked.

"That wouldn't be good, Honey, I'm sure those rooms have a lot of people coming in and out all day." She said. "Obviously, you're going to have to take care of that yourself. Maybe you can cum in your hand and then clean it all up. She shouldn't have to do anything but watch, you know."

"Oh, yes, I guess you're right about that." I replied. I gave her another big spoonful of the pudding. Seeing she was starting to wiggle and hunch her pussy up into her hand, I started to take over the conversation hoping it would help her get off.

"So, let me make sure I have all of this right, because I don't want to make a mistake." I said. "In your mind, I'm going to go shopping with Cathy to buy bras and panties. We're going to pick them out and then she's going to go into the fitting rooms with me while I strip naked and try each piece on. I'll be exposing myself to her, and I'll probably have a hard-on and you're not going to want me to hide it from her. Once I try something on, she's going to make sure each thing fits. She might have to touch me all over, I guess. She might have to touch my cock, or my ass. She might have to tell me to jack-off if she can't tell about the fit because my cock is too hard. And, since she's being so nice to go shopping with me, I need to make sure she gets an eyeful. Then, I guess I would have to stand in front of her while I masturbated slowly. I would have to stroke my hard cock right in front of her face while she sits on the bench in the fitting room to watch me. I suppose I would have to shoot my hot sperm into my hand and then lick it off when I was done to avoid making a mess on the floor. Then we could try on some more things and might have to jack-off again if I got hard after that. Is that what you're thinking about?"

Julie's eyes were closed tightly and her fingers were now flying over her clit. Her other hand was lightly pinching her nipple and she was breathing hard. Although she didn't say anything, I knew she was getting close, so I continued speaking.....

"You know, Baby, if I really did go shopping with her, I would definitely do whatever you told me to do, and whatever Cathy told me to do. I would try on whatever she picked out, and let her see me naked. It's a good thing that I wouldn't be wearing a butt plug, because you know I could never get a hard-on to go down if I had one in me. I would have a hard-on all day and even if I jacked off in front of her, it would come right back. I hope you realize that. If you make me do this, I will do it, and I'll enjoy it, too."

Suddenly, Julie erupted into a fierce orgasm, grunting and moaning, thrashing back and forth on the bed, closing her legs and taking her fingers away from her clit.

When she had settled down and caught her breath, I kissed her and asked "Did you get off on that?"

"Oh, yeah," she said, "can you promise me that if I send you shopping with her it will be like that, or close to that?"

"Sure, Honey," I replied.

"You promise you'll follow our instructions and do what ever she tells you?" Julie asked.

"Uh-huh," I answered, "I promise."

I gave her the last spoonful of the pudding and reached over the side of the bed to lay the cups on the floor. I felt her roll on top of me, and in one single movement, slide down so my cock was cradled deep in her pussy. She was wet and warm. I started to say something, but, she thrust her pussy juice covered fingers in my mouth and as I sucked them she stated to ride me.

"Oh, Greg," she moaned, "If you can play along with more of our little game, we'll have so much fun. You want me to dominate you, don't you? You want to be submissive for me, don't you? Admit it, I need to hear you say it."

"Okay, yes" I answered.

"You'll do anything I say, right? If I want to see you dressed like a girl in front of her and suck my cock in front of her and fuck your ass while she watches, you'll let me?" She asked.

I nodded my head that I would, but, she wanted a better answer saying, "No, you have to answer me, Honey. Tell me you want me to dominate you and make you do things and that you'll do whatever I tell you."

"Yes, yes," I answered, "I want you to dominate me. I want to be submissive. I want you to make me nasty."

Her speed was increasing and she was thundering down on me, fucking me hard and grinding her mons into me. As I reached up to hold her breasts, she stated to talk dirty to me again saying "She'll be so turned on, her pussy will be so wet. I might have to fuck her, too, just to satisfy her."

"Oh, yes!" I gasped.

"Would you like that?" She asked. "Would you like to watch me pull her wet panties down and fuck her in front of you? You would love to have her panties, wouldn't you? Would you sniff them and suck them? Come on, tell me now – yes or no, will you be submissive to both of us?"

Gasping for breath myself, I could only answer "Oh, yes! That will be so hot. I fucking love you, Julie....... Oh, I'm getting so close now, Baby."

She stopped cold and sat up on top of me. I tried to keep thrusting up into her, but, her weight kept me down. I looked at her with a questioning look and tried to keep fucking her but it was no use.

"Don't say those things unless you mean them, Greg." She said. "Don't agree to all of that just because you want to cum so badly. I want to know that you're being truthful and serious with me now, so tell me, do you want to be submissive?"

"Yes, Baby, I want to try it. I just don't want to lose you or hurt our marriage. I promise to be submissive to you sexually – anytime, any place and when ever you say. The only thing I ask is that the rest of our relationship doesn't change and that I'm still the husband and head of our family. That's not asking too much, is it?"

She leaned down on me again and started moving her pussy up and down on my cock. She began to whisper in my ear as she fucked me saying "Oh, Greg, I promise this will work. You're still my husband and I love you and respect you. You will always be the head of our family. From now on, if you can let me be the sexually dominant one, that would make me so happy and I promise I will never betray your trust."

This was to be a turning point of our relationship, a turn for the better I think, too. She was getting something she wanted, to be sexually dominant, and I was getting something I wanted – to be submissive, and I assumed that also meant all the panty and ass play that I could ever want.

We fucked and sucked that night until the wee hours of the morning. Between fucks, we talked about things – how she wanted me to start wearing some of her things and to accept the fact that I was going to start to wear a bra along with my panties because that would remind me of her dominance and my submission. She told me she would never embarrass me when our little secret could have ramifications to our non-sexual relationship, my job or with our friends or family. I told her I would be 100% submissive to her and let her be responsible for me sexually and I wouldn't question her or doubt her.

"Honey," she said, "I won't ever do anything hurtful hurt you, I promise you that. All I ask is that you give this a chance and trust me that I wouldn't do anything without thinking it through."

"I know that, Baby." I said, "I do trust you and I'm so turned on with all of this that I won't question anything you ask."

"We need a code word, Greg," she said, "to give each other a signal that one of us wants to play our game." Thinking about it for a moment she said "I know! Anytime either one of us use the words 'Panty Boy', that will be our special signal. How's that?" I thought about it for a moment and I actually liked the idea of being called a Panty Boy. "Okay," I said.

My mind started thinking about all the possibilities which lay in front of us. Would I really have a shopping trip with Cathy? Would I be naked in front of her? Would I masturbate in front of her? Would Julie take my ass in front of Julie? Would Julie have me naked in front of her friends? This all sounded too good to be true. I wanted it all, and possibly more.

End of Chapter 4. In the next chapter, Greg & Cathy go shopping and he keeps his promises.

My Fantasy Weekend Ch. 05
byPro_Ball_Player©

Thank You! To everyone who has voted and made wonderful comments. This chapter is dedicated to Leslie.

The next day, Sunday, was difficult or me. I slept restlessly thinking about my promises and the way I agreed to let her do things to me. Not that I regretted it, mind you, but I was just a little worried I was creating a situation for myself in the future which I might regret. If it all played out like we agreed, everything would be fine. But, if she decided to change the rules on me, I had already set myself up for a major transformation from husband and man to full time panty boy. In as much as the latter sounded intriguing, it wasn't something I was sure I could accept as a life long change

I woke up on Sunday with one of those killer morning erections. You know, the kind that ache and throb. Every male gets them and this morning I had a text book case of 'brick hard cock' to deal with. As I lay in bed with Julie sleeping soundly next to me, I started to stroke it slowly and quietly. I was just about to the glory land when my hand movements under the sheet must have woken Julie.

"You're up early." She said.

"I'm so hard right now," I replied, "can I put it in you?"

"I think you should save it up today, Baby," she answered, "besides, we have work to do."

I wasn't sure what she was talking about, but I kept on stroking my cock thinking that if I couldn't slip Mr. Happy into her, I might as well get myself off while I had the opportunity.

"Come on," she said, "stop pulling that monster and give it a rest for a day." Laying her hand on top of mine to stop my jacking she said "Greg, I'll make it up to you and it will be worth it, I promise, so, hands off, okay?"

She had one of those "I know something you don't know" smiles on her face. So, even though I wasn't thrilled with her asking me to stop, I gave in and stopped. I should know by now that she always gets her way – that's the one lesson every husband eventually learns.

And so, we ended up working all day, and I seriously mean ALL DAMN DAY, in the yard. She sent me to the landscape store to get 15 bags of mulch. We pulled weeds, trimmed bushes, cut the grass, edged the walk and the driveway, raked up the old mulch and put out the new mulch. She pulled out the box containing a drip watering system we bought last spring, but never installed, and made me do that, too, so her hanging plants would survive the summer heat. By the time we were done, it was 9:00 PM and virtually dark outside. My back was sore and I was filthy dirty.

Oh, one more thing, I didn't get a hard-on once that day - not fucking once. Well, that's not entirely true........

When we were finished in the yard and had everything cleaned up, I was in the garage about to kick my shoes off and head into the house to take a shower when she stopped me. "Hey, hold on," she said, "You're not going in my house like that!" I stopped as I was about to reach for the door leading into the house.

"Take those clothes off and leave them out here, Greg," she asked, "you're covered with all kinds of crap and I don't want it on the carpets." I looked at her and then saw the logic of her wisdom. Reaching down to grab the hem of my shirt, I pulled it over my head. She was standing in the middle of the garage with her hands out so I walked over and handed her the shirt. "Come on," she said, "everything."

The garage door was open and it didn't take long for me to detect a faint smile on her face. Being after 9:00 PM, it was almost dark. The garage light wasn't on, and yes, it was safe enough to strip down for her – that is, as long as someone wasn't walking or driving by.

"Julie," I asked, "are you sure you want me to do this?"

She turned to walk down to the driveway and looked up and down the street. Coming back into the garage she said "There's no one out there, there's no one coming, Greg – at least not now. The longer you delay the more chance someone will see you."

My hands moved to the waistband of my shorts and I pushed them and my white cotton panties down and stepped out of them. She reached out and I handed them to her. Tossing my shirt, panties and shorts on the floor, she stood behind me and turned me toward the street.

"You know, Honey," she said, "no one can see in here unless we turn the light on. In fact, I bet you could fuck me right now and no one would suspect a thing." She started to jack my cock. It had already started to get hard, and her actions brought out it's full hardness. Without warning, a car drove by. A brief dim line of light traveling into the garage illuminated us for an instant as the car passed the house. Gawd, she had me going now.

Whispering in my ear she said "I knew you would like this."

She continued to jack my cock for a minute when she said "Hold on, I'll be right back."

She disappeared into the house for only a moment. When she came back out, I couldn't see what she had with her, but, I knew she was carrying something. She stood behind me again and handed me a towel. "Hold this over your head, Honey." I wasn't sure why she asked me to hold a towel over my head, but, I wanted her to continue the hand job so I did it.

"Greg, I want to always remember three things, okay, Honey?" She asked.

"Okay...." I said hesitantly.

"First," she said, "I love you with all my heart and I wouldn't ever do anything to hurt what we have. Second, I'll never push you beyond what we've talked about, Okay?"

My cock was hard as hell now. She was building to something, I just knew it. I was either going to get a blow job, or she was going to let me fuck her in the garage with the door open, or maybe she was going to take my ass right there and right now with the strap-on.

"Julie," I said, "I love you, too and yes, I realize all of that."

"Good," she said, "and lastly, Honey, don't ever make the mistake of thinking that I ever forget anything."

With that, I heard the screw cap of a bottle being opened. The next thing I felt shot me out of my skin and delivered a jolt to my body such as I have never felt before.

She poured an ice cold bottle of drinking water down the front of my body.

"SHIT!" I yelled.

She jumped back, laughing as hard as I've ever seen her laugh. "That's payback, Buster, for dumping the cold water on me in the shower last week."

It was true.... Last week I found her in the shower happily listening to her boom box, washing her hair under the serenity of the gentle hot water. I sneaked into the bathroom with a large cup of ice water from the refrigerator and jokingly poured it over the shower doors and right down her front. The shock of it made her fall against the wall and she screamed at me as I laughed. She told me she would get me back.

Realizing that she had set me up with the explicit purpose of getting her payback, I accepted the punishment and stood there trying to catch my breath.

Suddenly, the light came on in the garage and I turned to see Julie with one hand on the light switch and the other at the door leading into the house. "Don't come in until you're dry." She said. Then she was gone.

So, here I am... it's dark outside, I'm naked and have just been drenched with cold water standing in the middle of my garage and she turns the light on! At least she was nice enough to give me a towel. I should have seen this coming.

I ran to the light switch and turned it off as quickly as I could. Using the towel, I dried myself off while I thought about which of our neighbors might have seen me standing in the garage naked. The light couldn't have been on for more than 15 seconds, but, still, if someone had been looking our way, they would have seen me. I had to laugh, though, she got me good, that's for sure.

Once I was dried, I opened the door and stepped into the kitchen. She was standing there, still laughing her ass off, pointing at me with one hand and holding another ice cold bottle of water in the other hand.

"We're even now," she said, in between chuckles, "You get yourself into the shower and get cleaned up while I get dinner ready."

Seeing her standing there in a defensive posture ready for ice water warfare was a hilarious sight. I broke into a fit of laughter myself.

"Okay, Okay," I said, "let's have a truce."

"Alright," she said, "no more cold water surprises. But you get in there and get cleaned up. And, keep your hands off your dick, Mister!"

I had to smile and grin all the way through my shower. As I was drying off, I thought I might shock her and come out dressed in the new 'Fuck Me Panties'. The deal was, if I ever put them on, it meant I wanted her to take my ass with the strap on. My cock started to grow as I hunted for them, but, they were no where in the bedroom. I looked in every drawer, in the closet and in the clothes hamper. They had vanished.

Slipping on a pair of her nylon boy short panties and a t-shirt, I walked back toward the kitchen. Stopping short of the doorway, I peeked around the doorway and asked "Is it safe to come in? Are you still armed?"

"We have a truce, remember?" she laughed as she replied.

I walked in and gave her a hug while she set the plates on the table for us. As we ate, she basked in the glow of her sneak attack and recounted the whole event play by play telling me she planned the attack earlier in the day when she saw how hot and sweaty I was. You could see the evil in her eyes when she told me how she put the water bottles in the freezer 3 hours before she dumped it on me, making sure it didn't freeze before she could use it on me. We laughed and had a good time talking about it and I wasn't mad at her. It was all in fun.

After dinner, I knew we would have some thrilling sex and then drift off to sleep. I was surprised when she told me she was tired and asked if it would be okay if we took the night off. "Sure," I told her, "no problem."

"I'll take care of you tomorrow, though," she added, "I told you I would make it worth your while to wait – and I will."

I went to work on Monday as usual. I took another shower when I got up and Julie fixed me some breakfast while I was in there. She also laid out some silky panties and a matching silky camisole for me to wear under my dress shirt. When I balked at the camisole, she told me she just wanted me to try it. Of course I put it on - I know better than to deny her anything. She adjusted the straps so the cups fell adjacent to my nipples and truthfully, you couldn't tell I had it on under by blue dress shirt. No problem, I thought – I'll humor her.

She called me 5 times through the day. She never had anything special to talk about – that is until the last time she called. "So, what do you think about the camisole?" she asked.

I actually hadn't even given it any thought until she brought it up. My day had been busy with meetings and things to do. But, sitting there talking to her on the phone I reached up to my nipple and touched it. It blossomed and hardened under my touch and I told her so.

"So, you like it?" She asked.

"I'm, uh, not sure..... it's kind of a stretch for me, you know." I said.

"Okay," she said, "we'll talk about it more when you get home, Baby."

That was about 2:00 PM when I talked to her. I had a staff meeting at 2:30 and during the whole meeting, I kept thinking about the camisole and brushing my nipple when it wasn't obvious. Both my nipples were hard each time I did it. As I moved in my chair, I felt the silky material rub against my nipples. It wasn't bothering me or hurting me, but, it gave me a constant reminder that everything I was wearing under my male clothes was hers.

When the staff meeting was over, I called her at work to tell her about the affect the camisole had on my nipples. It finally dawned on me that the reason she called me so many times that day was to see if I would volunteer any reaction to the camisole. I didn't find her in her office so I connected with her assistant to see if she knew when she would be back.

"Oh, she took the afternoon off today," her assistant told me, "can I take a message."

"No," I said, "I'll just call her cell phone. Thanks anyway."

Julie hadn't said anything to me about taking the afternoon off and it wasn't like her to hold that kind of thing back. I sat at my desk wondering what I should do. Do I start calling around for her?

At 4:15 I hadn't heard from Julie again so I called her cell phone and she answered right away. "Where are you?" I asked.

"I'm at home," she said, "Are you on your way soon?"

"Well, I was just wondering where you were," I told her, "I called your office and they said you took the afternoon off and you didn't mention anything about that this morning."

"Yeah, uh, actually our friend Cathy called me on my cell phone around lunch time." She said.

"Oh, I see. So, uh, what's going on?" I asked.

"Oh, nothing," she answered, "we're just sitting here having come coffee."

"She's at our house?" I asked.

"Uh-huh." Julie answered and followed with "Are you on your way soon?"

"Should I be?" I asked.

"Oh, definitely," she said.

"Julie," I asked, "are you cooking something up?"

Again she answered "Oh, definitely."

"I'm not sure I like the sound of this," I said, "Do I need to be worried?"

"Oh, no, Honey, not at all," she said, "Hurry home, okay?"

And I did hurry home. I left work immediately and sped through traffic arriving home in less than 30 minutes. I wasn't sure why I was hurrying, but, I knew that if Cathy was there and they were alone, there was ample reason to believe they were scheming something up.

As I walked in the front door, I saw them walking in the hallway from the bedroom to the kitchen. Julie wasn't in her work clothes, but instead, she was dressed in shorts and a t-shirt with sandals on. Cathy had on a short stretchy skirt and a short crop t-shirt that showed off her mid-section and a good deal of cleavage.

Seeing me, Julie came and hugged me, then planted a warm kiss on my lips. "You remember Cathy?" she asked.

"Sure," I said, reaching out my hand to shake hers, "it's good to see you again."

"You have such a nice home," Cathy said, "one day I'll have a house like this, too."

"Thanks, Cathy," I said, "So, what brought you guys together today?"

Julie jumped in saying "Greg, guess what?" Not waiting for my answer, Julie continued saying "Cathy's going to stay or dinner. Isn't that great?"

"Uh-huh," I said, "we're glad to have you, Cathy."

"Cathy," Julie said, "why don't you go warm up our coffee and I'll be right there?"

Cathy nodded and walked into the kitchen as Julie pulled me back into our bedroom. As I walked in, there was a heap of clothes on the bed. As I looked at it, it became clear to me that everything in the pile was lingerie. In fact, it must be every piece of lingerie and silky item in the whole house, except perhaps what she or I was wearing at the time. I didn't realize she had so much, but, I recognized some of the things in the heap, having seen her different items from time to time, or from having worn it myself.

"What's all this?" I asked.

Julie looked at me, put her hands on her hips and said "You know, Cathy and I were talking and we thought that before you guys went out shopping, she should have an idea of what we already have and how it fits you. I thought it was a pretty good idea, so, I invited her over. You guys can try some stuff on and get some ideas what you need to fill out your wardrobe. It might make your shopping trip easier. You know?"

"Julie," I said, "you mean to tell me...."

"Shush." She said. "Don't worry about anything. I've got it all worked out. All you need to do is keep your promises. I'm not going to let anything happen we haven't already talked about or that you don't want."

"But, Honey, did you stop and think...."

"Greg," she said, laying her hand on my chest, "Don't worry. Didn't I tell you last night I would take care of you tonight and it would be worth the wait? Huh, didn't I?"

"Yes, you did." I answered.

"Okay, then. Do you trust me?" She asked.

"Uh-huh," I said, "you know I do."

"Then just go with the flow, Stud," she said, "and remember you promised you would do anything she or I asked you to do... Remember?"

I remembered, oh, how I remembered. I remembered everything. Even without having to really think about it, I remembered how I told her I would strip, expose myself and even masturbate in front of Cathy. Not only that, but I told her I would take the strap-on in front of Cathy, too. Yes, I remembered it all. I meant it all when I said it, but, now that it looked like it was going to happen, I was starting to panic.

Looking into my eyes she asked "Come on, just trust me and play along."

I nodded and she said "Good, let's go out and be sociable and you better be a good boy, too. By the way, your 'Fuck-Me Panties' are in that pile. You know what happens if you put them on. It's your choice if you put them on tonight, or not."

With that, she took me by the hand and we walked into the kitchen. Cathy was sitting at the kitchen table with the coffee cups. As Julie and I entered, I crossed over to the refrigerator to get a beer. As I turned around, I was standing directly across from Cathy sitting at the table. My eyes were brought to her short skirt and as I watched, she uncrossed and crossed her legs giving me an absolutely wonderful view of her white panties. Holy fuck, I thought, I've only been home 5 minutes and I've already seen her panties.

"So, Greg," Julie said, "I was telling Cathy about the camisole you wore today. What do you think about it?"

This was it, Julie didn't waste any time at all. It's do or die now – what I say next could determine what happens from here on out...... I decided to go for it.

"Well, I actually had mixed feelings about it this morning. I haven't gone in for, you know, bras and stuff like that, but, it didn't bother me at all."

"Well, did you feel weird wearing it, or what?" Julie asked.

"I don't think anyone knew and I didn't feel self-conscious about it, plus....." bringing my hand to my nipple, "it definitely made my nipples more sensitive." I said.

"Really?" asked Cathy.

"Greg, why don't you take off your shirt and show Cathy the camisole?" Julie asked.

As I unbuttoned my shirt, Cathy got up from the table and came to stand in front of me. Removing the shirt, I let her look at me. She ran her hands over the material as if to check the softness."

"This is made nicely," Cathy said, "you can tell by the way the hems are stitched."

Placing her hands on my chest, she felt for my nipples. "Oh!" she exclaimed. "I guess so – they are hard, aren't they?"

She continued to examine the camisole saying "the bust is too big for you, though. You're going to need something with a much smaller cup size, I think. There's just too much loose material here." She said, feeling the space between my nipples and the silky material for the cups.

"He's got the matching panties on, too." Julie offered.

"Really?" Cathy asked.

"Greg," Julie looked at me with a serious look, "why don't you show Cathy the panties, too?"

Okay, so I'm smart enough to know this was going to happen. Before this afternoon, I thought it would be in the fitting room with Cathy and it would be a time where I would be role playing with her. I could do that. But, I was standing in my own kitchen, already partially undressed and my wife had just told me to drop my trousers so another woman could see me dressed in panties. I hesitated and looked at Julie.

"Come on, Greg," she said, "you might as well get it over with. Do you have a hard one, is that the problem?"

Fortunately, I didn't have a hard-on. My cock was sitting perfectly normal held nice and snug inside my panties.

My hands mysteriously went to my belt and I started to undo it. I saw Cathy look at Julie and then smile a mischievous smile. I turned to look at Julie, too, and she had a big grin on her face. She made a gesture for me to continue and I did.

There was absolute quiet in the room and I felt the stares of both women on me as I unzipped my trousers and unbuckled the waist. I looked back at Julie and she nodded for me to continue. I simply dropped the trousers, looking down to see them fall around my shoes.

Cathy's eyes went immediately to my panties. The bulge of my still soft cock was plainly visible under the stretchy fabric of the silky panties. She reached out and tentatively touched my hip to feel the material. She looked at Julie and asked "May I?"

"Oh, please, help yourself." Julie answered.

'Help yourself?' I thought. Oh fuck! I felt a hard-on coming on.

Cathy cupped her hand and placed it right on the bulge of my cock. Julie stepped next to her, and as Cathy felt my bulge, I saw Julie's eyes light up and widen. My wife was watching another woman feel my cock. Suddenly, Cathy pulled her hand back. "It moved!" she said.

Julie reached down to feel for herself. My cock was starting to grow now, on it's way to a full size erection – 'oh shit', I thought. I knew I would be tenting soon and started to think about what would happen when I was full strength.

"Here," Julie said, speaking to Cathy and pulling the front of my panties down, "Feel it grow.... Quick - he's going to get real hard in a second."

I felt Cathy's warm hand grasp my growing cock. I looked at Julie who held her finger to her lips as if to keep me quiet. Then she silently mouthed the words "she's never touched one".

I was sure I read her words correctly, but, I thought Cathy told Julie she wasn't a virgin. How could someone who wasn't a virgin never have touched a man's dick?

I looked down at Cathy's face and I could tell by the wonder in her eyes that this probably was the first cock she ever held. Her eyes were wide and she had the look of amazement on her face. My cock kept growing. She had to let it go and twist her hand in another direction to keep holding it as it grew bigger and bigger. Soon, I was completely hard – and I mean stone hard with this young woman holding my cock like it was the handle of a bat.

Cathy looked at Julie with these wide open eyes and Julie said "See, I told you, didn't I?"

Cathy looked back at my cock and then up to me. "It's hard. Did I do that?"

I looked over to Julie who was nodding her head as if she was giving me the answer. Taking her lead, I looked back down to Cathy and nodded my head saying, "Yes, Cathy, I think you did."

"There's only one way to get it to go down," Julie said, "we don't have much choice now."

Julie reached for one of the kitchen table chairs and turned it around so it was facing me. "Here," she said to Cathy, "sit here."

As Cathy sat on the chair, Julie told me to kick off my shoes and pull my trousers the rest of the way off. When I did, she pulled me over in front of Cathy to where I was maybe a foot away from the girl.

"Go ahead, Greg." Julie told me.

There wasn't much question what she wanted me to do, so knowing my job, I reached out and took my cock in my hand and started stroking it. As I did, Cathy's eyes never moved one millimeter from my cock.

After I had been stroking for a minute or so, Julie told me to stop and she got down on her knees in front of me. She grasped my cock in her right hand and squeezed me. When she did, a drop or two of precum appeared at the head and she held my cock out to Cathy saying "This is what the precum looks like. Here, give me your finger....."

Cathy held out her index finger and Julie took her hand and dabbed it at the end of my cock pulling back a long strand of the slick and sticky fluid. Then Julie put her own finger at the top of my cock and got it wet with precum. Looking at Cathy, Julie said "It's good – it actually tastes sweet. Go ahead... try it."

As if to demonstrate, Julie put her finger in her mouth and sucked on it. Watching Julie, Cathy slowly raised her finger to her mouth and sucked it, too. "Umm, I love that taste," Julie said. Cathy didn't say anything but I could see her tongue was checking out the taste as Julie said "Okay, watch now."

Julie scooted closer to me and then took my cock in her mouth in a way that Cathy could see the complete profile of my cock sliding in between her lips. After sucking me for a minute, she pulled off my cock. "Pull your skirt up so he can see your panties, he'll cum quicker if you do." Julie said.

Cathy did what Julie asked and pulled her skirt up to her waist. As I looked down I saw the girl's panties, and when she opened her legs, I saw the complete crotch that was covering her pussy.

"Greg," she said, "you finish this now."

I reached for my cock and stroked in earnest. Looking down at Cathy's panties and seeing her staring at my cock was such a turn on that I started to get closer and closer to cumming. "Tell me when you're going to cum, Baby", Julie said, "I know Cathy wants to get a good close look when you shoot."

Hell I was there – I was going to cum very soon, I knew it. I blurted out "Fuck, I'm really close already, I mean really close......"

Julie reached over to Cathy and putting her hand on Cathy's back, leaned Cathy in toward me and told her to hold her head up saying "Let him shoot his cum on your chest."

"Shoot it right above her boobs, Baby," Julie said, "give her the whole load."

This was way too fucking much for me to handle. My wife was telling me to jackoff on a young girl's chest. Between the sight of the girl's panties and her cute face so close to my cock, I let out a slow moan as I slipped by the point of no return knowing there was no stopping the sperm eruption that was about to take place.

The first shot hit her right in the middle of her breast bone and must have scared the shit out of her because she pulled back a little. As the follow on streams of cum flew at her, she moved towards me and I coated her from just below her chin to the top of her boobs. My sperm was all over her chest and running down into her bra between her breasts. When I was done, Julie got on her knees again and took me in her mouth. She knows how sensitive my cock head is right after I cum, but she took me as deep as she could anyway and slowly drained and squeezed me with her lips as she drew me out. I shook and winced at the feeling, almost pulling my cock from her mouth.

When Cathy leaned back, I could see the damage I had done to her. Her chest and breasts were soaked with my cum and several thick globs were on her shirt. I stood back on shaky legs – me looking at Cathy, Cathy looking at my softening cock and Julie with a smile on her face.

"Oh, look at your shirt!" Julie gasped. "Quick, take it off!"

As if she didn't even care that I was there, Cathy reached for the bottom of her shirt and pulled it over her head, leaving her in her in a very sheer bra that was almost translucent. Julie laid the shirt on the table and pulled Cathy up by her hand and led her to the sink.

"Greg," Julie shouted, "Get your ass over here!"

I turned and hurried to the sink. Julie had the look of scorn on her face as she put her hands on her hips and said "You made a hell of a mess here. Now I'm going to have to wash her shirt AND her bra! And, just for being so thoughtless, I want YOU to clean her up. I shouldn't have to clean up after you all the time."

I reached for the hand towel on the counter by the sink, but Julie put her hand on my shoulder and softly said "No Dear, you know what I mean, now get to it."

I put the hand towel down on the counter where it was. I was trying to figure out what Julie meant – surely she didn't want me to lick my own sperm off this girl's chest. "Come on," Julie said, "It's going to drip all over my clean floor."

I lifted my hands, still not knowing what to do, but, Julie pushed around me and went behind Cathy and unhooked her bra. Carefully holding the front of the bra in place, she tilted the bra forward, completely exposing the girl's breasts and nipples. Then she carefully lifted the bra out from under her breasts and held it up to me. I could easily see that the inside of her bra was soaked with cum. It was even pooling in the cups.

"Go ahead – get busy." She said.

I took the bra in my hands and started to lift it to my mouth. As I did, I saw Cathy's jaw drop and Julie said "Do a good job."

Her sizable boobs had warmed the material of the bra. As I licked inside the cups, my tongue picked up the warm sperm and my face felt the intrinsic warmth emanating from the bra, too. My sperm was not only in the cups, but all over the material at the bottom of the bra. There were huge globs of thick, sticky white sperm everywhere. They both watched as I sucked the garment, eating my cum and licking her bra. When I was done cleaning it, I handed it back to Julie who looked at it and set it on the kitchen counter. "Good job, Honey, I'm sure Cathy appreciates it. But, you're not done yet."

Julie pointed to Cathy's chest saying "There's still a lot all over her, see? Some in between her boobs, here's some up here and there's a little on this side running down to her nipple."

"I'll go put these in the wash." Julie said as she picked up the bra, then turned to walk to the table to get Cathy's shirt. I watched as she disappeared down the hall toward the washing machine.

I didn't know what game Julie and Cathy were playing but I didn't care. If they were trying to prove something, then they proved it. Cathy's youthful breasts were full and bounding with no sag. They were C or D cup breasts, much larger than Julie's, and as my mouth descended between them, I reached up and cupped her tits in my hands to spread them apart to lick up all my cum that was there. As I held her breasts, her hand went down and grasped my now soft cock. Her grasp was firm, but it wasn't hurting me in the least.

Having cleaned between her breasts, I turned my attention to the top of the one breast which had the cum drippings on it. I held this one with both of my hands underneath the breast as I gave her a tongue bath. Moving down, my lips circled her nipple and I heard her gasp and move toward me. Circling her nipple and kneading her breast, I happen to look toward the kitchen entrance and caught sight of Julie's sandals just to the side of the doorway.

Here I was sucking on a young woman's nipple while she held my cock. My wife, staying just out of my sight, was undoubtedly watching the whole thing. I decided to play it safe and I soon pulled off her boob and told her it was clean.

Finally Julie walked in. I hadn't moved since Julie left us to take Cathy's clothes to the washer, and Cathy didn't let go of my dick, either. Julie made no mention of her hand on my cock and walked right past us to the sink, where she turned on the water and started to wash her hands. Cathy never once let go me.

"Greg, honey," Julie said, "Why don't you go up and get yourself a shower so you're all fresh for dinner and our try-on session, okay?" She reached her lips up to kiss me. "Ooh – you taste like sperm," she said licking her lips, "get doing, darling."

Now, Julie doesn't call me 'Darling' very often. She considers it one of those special words that should not to be used unless you mean it. She used it on the day I proposed, and she used it on our Wedding day. She called me 'darling' the day I told her about the sex-filled fantasy weekend I planned for her, and maybe one or two other times. But the point is, she doesn't use it often and when she does, she uses it to praise me and I always cherish those moments – moments like this.

As I turned, she slapped my butt softly as if to hurry me out of the room. I got half way down the hall when I remembered my clothes lying in the middle of the kitchen and turned to go get them. As I approached the kitchen, though, I heard them softly talking.

"See what I mean?" Julie giggled. "He's so cute, isn't he?"

"That was so, so hot," Cathy said, "I swear, Julie, if you ever divorce him, you'll be able to find him at my house!"

"Oh, that'll never happen, he's a keeper, honey," Julie said, "so, on to step 2 now?"

"Okay," Cathy said, "if you're sure about this."

"Just follow the plan," Julie said, "and everything will work just like we said. You wait a few minutes, and then go into the bathroom with him. Just tell him I sent you in there to get cleaned up, too, and to make sure he's a good boy. He'll know what you mean."

"Are you sure about the finger thing, Julie?" Cathy asked.

"Oh yeah, that really drives him wild, you'll see. Just tell him I told you wash him up everywhere. Feel free to have your self a good time, do anything you want – even play with yourself if you want. Just don't let him put it in you..... I don't think he'll try to, but, he's going to be so frustrated once you're in there, there's no telling what he'll do. I know he's really on the edge now - he had two days worth of sperm built up, so I know he's got maybe 2 loads left for tonight, and you might get 2 or 3 out of him tomorrow as long as we keep him on that edge. Oh yeah, remember to get your panties real wet and find a way to tease him with them if you can, and then leave them in the bathroom, I'll need them for later – step 4, right? And, don't let him cum again." Julie told her.

"Okay," Cathy said, "you're the boss here. I just feel so guilty doing this and you're like.... sharing this absolutely wonderful man with me."

"Cathy," Julie said, "all three of us are going to get something out of this. He's gong to get more pieces of his fantasy and tonight he's going to discover something about himself.... plus you're going to learn more about men in the next 24 hours than most women learn in a lifetime. And, I'm going to get something that I've wanted for a long time, too."

"The strap-on thing?" Cathy asked.

"Well, not only that," Julie said, "but, he desperately wants to be stripped of all his humility and bared explicitly in his fantasies to someone else. That's the only way he can confront and then accept his real desires. I read all about it on the internet – there's just tons of stuff out there on this. We have to break his pride down, show him it's okay to be vulnerable and then give him his reward if he does what he's told. It's pretty simple, actually. I just want to be the one to take him through this, and I want him to know that I love him and that I'm interested and willing to do it, too. We already talked about having to spank him to break that pride down."

"I still don't know if I could do that, Julie," Cathy said, "I've never ever spanked anyone."

"Cathy, listen to me," Julie replied, "it's the only thing that might get him to see us as his sexual masters. If this is going to work, he has to know we are strong and that we can be forceful. It's got to be a full, hard spanking, too. It has to shock him and force him to face the realization of what he really wants."

"Okay," Cathy said, "I'll try. I'll really try if it's what he needs."

"Good," Julie said, "then if everything else goes well, by the time this night is over, everything should be clear to him and he'll figure the rest out on his own. He'll enjoy the day with you tomorrow more than he can ever imagine."

"So, do you think he'll be okay seeing us together?" Cathy asked.

"Honey, that's every man's fantasy, believe me," Julie said, "no man will turn down a chance to see two women doing it..... and I promise I'll be very gentle with you."

"Oh Gawd," Cathy said, "I am so wet. See?"

I heard enough. My mind was reeling from listening to their conversation. I tip-toed back into our bathroom, closed the door gently and turned the shower on. Removing my socks and the camisole, I stepped into the shower and let the water run over me. Their words were running around in my head and I started to feel remorseful about eavesdropping on them. How could I sneak around like that? I kept thinking how much I loved Julie and how she was orchestrating all of this like a well drawn project plan - leaving nothing to chance and bringing me to the height of my desires and feelings. Again, I told myself I would give myself totally to her, without question and without hesitation. But I was now starting to get scared. There was a very detailed plan being hatched.

Five minutes later, I heard a soft knock on the bathroom door to break me out of my emotional high. I slid the shower door back and poked my head out as the bathroom door opened a few inches.

"Greg?"

It was Cathy. Looks like they were putting step 2 of their plan into motion.

"Greg, Julie told me to come in with you." Cathy said. "Is that okay? Can I come in?"

"Oh," I said, trying to give some degree of surprise, "yeah, if that's what she told you, sure, come on in." I slid the door closed and peered through the smoked glass of the shower stall. Her skirt was now gone and she was dressed only in her panties.

She stood just inside and closed the door behind her. My eyes were drawn to the cute panties she wore. Her mound puffed out a little and my cock started to grow again.

"Greg, Julie told me to get in the shower with you. Is that going to be okay with you?" Cathy asked.

"She said what?" I asked, keeping up my fake surprise act.

"Look," she said, "this wasn't my idea. I think you've been through enough today, enough for anyone to bear, but, I'm still really sticky from your sperm getting all over me and, well, Julie wanted me to make sure you weren't touching yourself, so, I'm kind of here to make sure you're being a good boy. She told me you would know what that meant."

I stayed silent for a while to make her think I was contemplating what she said. But in reality, I was stroking my cock and I knew that Cathy wouldn't be able to tell what I was doing.

Peering out through the glass doors, I watched as she put her thumbs into the waistband of her panties pushed them down her thighs. Her vagina was plainly visible to me now. I stroked my cock as I looked at her. She was mostly shaved – her lips were completely hairless and there was just a small patch of hair above her lips. The crotch of her panties hung up between her legs and as she stood on display to me, I could see the inside of the gusset of the panties, the part that lay against her pussy lips. It was a sight taken right out of one of my fantasies - a cute girl standing with her panties halfway down letting me look at the crotch of her panties and her pussy at the same time. My hand quickened on my cock.

"Greg? Did you hear me?" Cathy asked. "I'm coming in with you."

She stepped out of her panties and placed them on the counter. Walking toward the shower, she reached for the sliding door and slid it open. As she stepped in, I was still stroking my cock. She reached out to stop my hand saying "Your wife told me not to let you do that. I'm sorry, I'm just doing what she told me to do."

I let go of my cock, and when I did, she latched onto it. "Can I get wet, please?" She asked.

I moved out of the spray and she moved into it, still holding my rock hard cock. "Good thing I came in when I did." She said. "I think Julie would have been unhappy with you if you had cum again."

I looked down to the shower floor, playing the role again. "Where is she, anyway?" I asked.

"She's making dinner. I'm supposed to wash you up." She said. "We better get started."

Cathy reached for the soap from the soap tray and brought it to my chest. As she started to soap me up she said "Greg, I want you to know how much I appreciate the way you and Julie have welcomed me into your home and into your sex life. I'm completely blown away by the trust and love you guys share...... okay, turn around now."

I turned around and she started to wash my back, neck and arms. "Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?" She said.

"Sure, go ahead" I answered.

"What's it like?" She asked, "You know.... getting it in the butt?"

"Did Julie tell you that she does that to me?" I asked

"Yes," she said, "hold your arms out now, please..."

"What did she tell you about it?" I inquired.

"She told me that you really like it and that she likes doing it to you, or for you, I guess." Cathy continued saying "She also told me you sometimes can cum that way, too, without any kind of stimulation to your penis. She said that you're very docile and submissive when she's doing it."

"Cathy," I replied, "all of that is true. I do like it and sometimes I ask her to fuck me like that. And yes, sometimes I can cum when she's fucking me there. Were you asking about what it felt like physically, or emotionally?"

She pushed me under the water to rinse off the upper half of my body. As she helped rinse me off, I felt her breasts rub against my chest. I reached up to touch her nipples but she pushed my hands away.

"Physically, I guess" She said.

Her hand went to my cock and she started to feel it again, squeezing and stroking me very softly. "Well," I answered, "Julie is very gentle when she does it. She uses a lot of lube so it doesn't hurt me when she sticks the cock in my hole. I like her to go real slow at first, to help spread the lube around, but, once it's in me and moving in and out easily, sometimes I like to feel her fucking me harder. I think the secret is being able to relax and allow yourself to be fucked. It doesn't hurt me, if that's what you're asking."

"Oh, okay," she said, "I was just wondering because I wouldn't want to hurt anyone doing something like that."

"Did Julie say she was going to let you fuck me that way?" I asked.

She nodded yes saying "Maybe, I'm really not sure."

I thought about it for a minute and then asked her "Does it turn you on to think about fucking my ass with a strap-on dildo?"

"Yes." She said. "Does it turn you on?"

"Yes, and as long as my wife is there," I said, "I'll let you."

"I need to wash you, uh, back there now." Cathy said, pointing behind me. She kneeled beside me and soaped her hands up, rubbing them together and building up a huge amount of suds. Her right hand went up between my ass cheeks and her left hand went back to my cock and I felt her grasp it again, this time firmly.

Cathy ran her hands up and down my ass crack, stopping every now and then to press a little into my ass, but, not penetrating me. "I'm sorry about this," she said, "I know it's embarrassing....."

Then it happened. I felt her slim teenage finger slide up into my butt hole. My cock twitched as her finger slipped in, a completely involuntary reaction, but a reaction I have come to expect. She continued to hold my cock firmly and she slowly started to work her finger in and out of my ass. I closed my eyes and stated to get into the feeling of her soapy finger violating me and the experience of this young girl taking these liberties with me. He hand started to move up and down on my soapy cock.

'OH FUCK!' my mind cried, 'she's fucking my ass and jacking my cock.' I looked down to see her staring at my cock as she stroked me. "I have to get you clean in there.... Julie said to make sure you're nice and clean," she said, "but, if you cum, we're both going to be in trouble, so, don't."

I was already very close. My head was thrown back and my eyes were closed. My breathing was picking up and I was just going to let it happen and let her deal with the explanation how she was fucking my ass and stroking me when I came. It wasn't until I spread my legs a little wider that she figured out what I was doing.

She immediately pulled her finger out of my butt and stopped stroking me. "You were about ready to cum, weren't you?" she asked.

When I nodded to her that I was indeed close, she grabbed my cock and squeezed it hard. It didn't hurt, but, it was the first time she had done anything forceful and it surprised the hell out of me. "So, you were just going to stand there and then tell her it was my fault?" she asked.

I nodded again and I saw the anger build in her eyes. "Greg, I can't believe you would do something that low. Turn your ass around." She ordered. When I did, she told me to scoot back and then lean forward and rest against the shower wall. When I did, this presented my ass to her while I was bent over. Before I could give it a second thought, I felt a terrible sting on my ass accompanied by a tremendously loud 'slap'. The damn girl spanked me!

I lifted myself of the wall and tried to turn, but when I did, She was pointing her finger at me and said "You get right back there, I'm not done with you yet."

As I went back to my leaning position, I felt at least ten more very hard smacks on my ass. The sound resonating in the shower stall was almost deafening. Now, these were not little patsy smacks, either. My mom and dad used to spank me when I was a kid, so, I knew what a real spanking felt like, and this was it. And she wasn't holding back – not one fucking bit. My eyes actually started to tear up. The combination of the hot water opening the pours of my skin, and the fact that the skin was wet and that she was hitting my cheeks hard made this really painful, I'm not kidding one iota. I haven't been spanked like this since Dad found out I stole candy at the department store.

The sound of the spanking must have escaped the bathroom because Julie came running in and threw open the shower door asking "What happened?"

I pulled myself into a standing position as Cathy explained how she was washing me and how I just let her continue getting me closer and closer until I almost came. "Is that true?" she asked me.

Fortunately, the water running down my face from the shower covered up the tears that had filled my eyes. I looked at Julie and told her it was true. I saw her expression change when she detected I was tearing up and she turned to Cathy and asked "You spanked him?"

"And, I wasn't done yet." Cathy said.

Looking back at me she said "Greg, take the rest of your punishment. Then I'll get you out and dry you off."

Cathy turned me back toward the wall of the shower stall, pushed me forward and I assumed the position again. So, with Julie watching, she administered five more very hard slaps to my already stinging bottom. The sound of each swat filled the bathroom and I heard Julie gasp once. They were each delivered right on top of the previous swats and it stung like hell. There's no other way to describe it other than saying it hurt.

After the fifth swat, Julie stopped it saying "I think he's had enough, Cathy."

Julie reached for my arm and pulled me from the shower stall and closed the sliding doors. She turned me so I was facing away from the shower and reached for a towel to dry me off. She started with my face, dabbing it softly and then moved to my head to dry my hair. Once my hair was dry enough not to drip, she pulled the towel away from my head and moved it to my chest. My eyes were still watering, maybe she didn't know – but, my fucking ass was on fire and it stung badly.

When she finally looked up at my face and saw I was crying, she immediately looked away, as if she was ignoring my pain. Having quickly dried the rest of my body, she pulled me out of the bathroom and closed the door.

As soon as the bathroom door closed behind us, she fell to her knees and started to suck my cock. I hadn't even realized it, but my cock was still hard, even through the horrific spanking I suffered through. She sucked me like a woman possessed, but only for a minute before she stood up and hugged me.

Very softly she asked "Did she hurt you?" That's when the dam broke and I openly cried in front of her. Holding me, I heard her say things like "Go ahead, let it out" and "Oh, Baby, you're alright and "I love you, Greg."

She held me for another minute and then asked me to turn around so she could see my bottom. I turned to look myself and I was shocked at what I saw. My ass cheeks were fire engine red and I could even see hands prints where she repeatedly smacked me. I felt my butt and it was warm, I could actually feel the heat in the palms of my hands it was so hot. All the while, though, my cock pointed out hard and strong.

"Are you better now?" Julie asked.

The sting of Cathy's spanking was subsiding now. The emotional sting was still there, though. I wasn't getting any sympathy from Julie and that wasn't like her.

"Julie, what's happening here tonight?" I asked, "What are you two planning?"

"Greg, it's what you've always wanted," Julie said, "deep inside you there was always something more you wanted but were afraid to reach for. Tonight you're going to learn that it can be yours if you really want it and are brave enough to admit it."

"But, Julie," I said, "I don't understand. Are you trying to make me into a woman or something?"

"No, Honey," she laughed, "You'll understand. I promise you will. And you can stop any of this any time you like. You know that."

She was right about that. She told me more than once that anytime I needed to put a stop to something, I could. But, I never did because when it came down to it, she was always right and in the end, I was always glad that I trusted her.

The sting on my bottom was less now, and I wasn't crying anymore. Just the fact that she let me know there was an end in sight made me feel better, too. I had survived the sting and humiliation of being spanked by another woman while my wife watched and allowed it. On top of all of that, I was asked to undress and masturbate, then clean up my sperm by licking it up...... what did it all mean?

I heard the shower turn off. I was still standing naked in our bedroom, my cock still pointing toward the ceiling, and looked at Julie for some sign on what to do. Realizing I was clueless, she said "You stay here like that. When Cathy comes out, I want you to apologize to her and thank her for your punishment. And, I want you to be sincere. I'll be back in a few minutes, then we can get you dressed for dinner."

End of Chapter 5. 

My Fantasy Weekend Ch. 06
byPro_Ball_Player©

Thank you for the favorable comments and votes. There's still so much that is going to happen to Greg before this story is finished. I invite you to read the previous chapters, too.

After Julie left the bedroom, I stood there naked, just as she told me to, and waited for Cathy to come out of the bathroom. I kept feeling my sore bottom and looking at it to see if it was still red. Each time I looked, expecting it to be a normal color again, I was brought back to the reality that my ass had been spanked, and spanked good. It was still red and sore. I could only surmise that the spanking Cathy gave me must have part of their plan. Damn it hurt.

After about seven or eight minutes, I heard Julie call to me from the hallway saying "Dinner will be out of the over soon, Greg." Another moment later, Julie walked back into the bedroom just as Cathy opened the bathroom door and stepped out into the bedroom. "Oh, I see I arrived just in time," Julie said, "How was your shower, Cathy?"

Cathy stood in the bathroom doorway, her hair wrapped up in a towel and another wrapped around her body, held up just above her breasts, tucked in neatly under her arm.

"It was great to get washed up," Cathy replied, "I didn't realize how much sperm ran down my chest."

Looking at me, Cathy asked "How's your bottom, Greg? I thought I saw you crying. Did I really hurt you that much?"

I knew what I had to do and say, especially with Julie watching. I was well past the point where I even tried to cover myself anymore – I mean, they had both seen me masturbate and Cathy got into the shower with me, so, what's the point in trying to be modest now? It didn't even matter to me anymore that my rock hard cock was pointing out in front of me like a railroad crossing arm…. I accepted my almost constant exposure to them as part of their scheming and I knew this night wasn't over yet, and wasn't going to be for a while.

I turned and faced Cathy and then spoke directly to her, not even looking at Julie, saying "Cathy, I'm sorry for taking advantage of the situation in the shower. I should have told you I was getting close to cumming. I knew it was wrong to let you go so far and I still did it anyway. So, you had every right to be angry and to spank me. In fact, Thank You for that, I had it coming and you did the right thing."

Cathy walked the few steps toward me and when she got within arms reach, she reached out and grasped my cock with one hand and stroked my arm with her other hand. "Greg, it's forgotten," she said as she smiled, "turn around, let me see your back side."

As I turned around, I heard her gasp and say "Oh, shit! I'm so sorry, Greg, I had no idea I had spanked you so hard. I am really very sorry. Can you forgive me?"

I turned around to face her again and before I could speak, she hugged me lightly, forcing my cock to bend up between us, laying flat against my stomach. Not knowing if I should hug her back, I just stood there with my arms to my side. The whole shower spanking incident came back to me in living color and I immediately started to blush with embarrassment.

I felt embarrassed at the attention she was giving me, considering the fact that Julie was watching us. She was soothing my feelings, just like a mother would soothe her child after being disciplined. I turned my head to look at Julie and was surprised to see her standing there, arms crossed across her chest with a satisfied look on her face.

I started to answer Cathy to tell her not to worry about the spanking, but Julie spoke up first saying "Well, let's get you two dressed for dinner."

Julie took my arm and walked me to the side of the bed and Cathy moved to the other side of me. I looked at the pile of lingerie laying on the bed I knew what was coming next.

It looked like every drawer we had in the house that contained lingerie was dumped out on the bed. There were bras and panties, camisoles, garter belts, stockings, crotchless panties, short nighties and all the ruffled panties we bought with Cathy that day in the store. I wouldn't have thought my cock could have grown harder, but it did as I looked at the sea of soft and silky nylon and rayon.

Julie reached over and grasped my cock, just as Cathy had done three times already tonight and began to softly stroke me as she said "Darling, you can pick any two items on this bed to wear to dinner. It's your choice…. any two things at all and Cathy is going to help you dress. Go ahead, Panty Boy, pick out any two pieces you want to wear."

Admittedly, even though the spanking really did hurt my ass, I had already forgotten it and I was at a fever pitch. Hearing her call me 'Panty Boy' in Cathy's presence turned up the excitement a notch, too. This was just so unreal, but, in searching my heart, I knew all of this was for me….. not for Cathy and not for Julie….. it was what I wanted.

As I started to pick through the pile of slinky lingerie, I held some of the pieces in my hands to feel the softness of them and rub the material together. I held some of the things up, looking at the front and back, imaging how they would look on me. The sheer excitement of having all of it at my disposal to touch, feel and wear caused me to almost lose all comprehension of Julie and Cathy standing right next to me. If it wasn't for the feeling of Julie's touch on my cock, I might have slipped off into dreamland, throwing myself on top of the pile and rolling around in it until I drifted off to sleep.

As I picked through the pile, I came across the "Fuck-Me Panties" and picked them up. The soft ruffles and softie feel of the material called out to me and I turned to look at Julie, trying to sense her approval if I selected these panties to wear. Oh, how I wanted to pull them up my legs and set them on my hips. But, the look in Julie's eyes reminded me of what the "Fuck-Me Panties" stood for and what would happen if I put them on.

"Are you sure you want those now?" Julie asked. She raised her eyebrows and gave me an almost serious look. I interpreted her body language as saying: "You know what we have to do if you put those on."

I knew I interpreted her look correctly. In my heart, I knew that she would stop everything, put dinner on hold, get the strap-on out and make love to my red and sore bottom right then and there if I continued.

I set the "Fuck-Me Panties" down and reached for a pink pair of the ruffle panties we bought with Cathy. I held them up and looked at them, remembering how they looked on me when I tried them on the first time. I rubbed them on my face to feel their softness and looked at Julie to see her reaction.

"If you pick those," Julie said, "Cathy has a surprise for you." My mind started to spin on all the possibilities for this 'surprise' Cathy had. What could it be? Surely not more panties – we had a ton of them already.

Something was pushing me to these pink panties, though….. I had an uncontrollable and unrelenting desire to put them on and feel the soft nylon slip up my legs and encase my throbbing cock. The sheer look and feel of the panty exuded sex and sensuality – I had been drawn to these panties from the moment I saw them on display at the store, and the more I held them, the more I was sure these were the ones I should wear tonight.

"These," I told them quickly, "for one of the two items. Do I have to pick a second, or can I just wear these by themselves?"

"Let's see what Cathy has to match." Julie answered. A smile appeared on Julie's lips as she turned to nod at Cathy.

With that, Cathy left my side and stepped over to Julie's closet, opened the door and pulled out a bag from her store. "These came in last week," Cathy said, "but, I didn't know it when you guys came in on Saturday. They put these out on display when they restocked on Saturday night and I just saw them yesterday."

Cathy reached into the bag and pulled out a matching pink ruffle bra. The sides and straps weren't ruffled, but the cups had ruffles on them and I could easily tell they were part of a perfectly matched set.

Crossing toward me, Cathy smiled and handed Julie the bra. Julie released her hold on my cock and took the bra off the hanger, unclasp the back and put her fingers into the cups to feel the material. "Oh, look Greg," Julie said, "it's just your size!"

Julie showed me the tag. 36-A.

Cathy moved up next to me saying that the bra didn't have underwire and she thought the soft cups should fit me fairly well, and added "I can take it back if it's too big. They did have one 36-AA, but, you may be able to fill this one out. Let's try it on."

Julie stepped away and handed the ruffle bra to Cathy as she stood next to me. She wrapped the bra around my waist saying "Watch so you can see how to put these on easily."

I watched as Cathy turned the bra so the cups were behind me and the clasp was by my belly button. "Just wrap it around your waist like this," she said, "make sure the straps are up and then hook this part into this." She held the clasp out for me to see and then pulled the strap out and let it go, allowing it to snap against by stomach. "Then, just turn the whole thing around so the cups are in the front, pull it up, hook your arms in the straps and you're done. It's a snap."

I had seen Julie do this a thousand times, but, I never paid attention to exactly how it was done and now having been instructed in the correct way to put on a bra, she was right – it was a snap.

"Go ahead, Greg," Julie said, "you finish it."

I shuffled the bra around me so the cups were in the front and then I pulled it up over my non existent breasts. My male breasts didn't have much mass, but, even I knew that every man has a little bit of chub up there that could be called a breast.

I snuggled the bra into place and slipped my arms into the straps and pulled them up onto my shoulders. I was simply amazed at the fit. My male breasts fit and pretty much filled it out. The cups were a little loose, but, even Cathy said that the 36-AA would be too small for me. They each took one side and adjusted the straps over my shoulders and Cathy went behind me to adjust the clasp so it was tighter. "You know," Cathy said, "Maybe a 34-A would be a better fit. I've got it on the tightest hook and it still might be a little big. We can check it out better tomorrow when we shop."

I had never – I repeat – never in my mind imagined me wearing a bra. But, now that I was in one, I had to admit, it wasn't so bad. It's not that I liked the feel, or anything like that, it had more to do with the fact that the bra matched the panties and I felt more dressed….. maybe I felt more complete in some way. I knew there was no real need for me to wear a bra, after all, I didn't have real breasts to hold in place, but in the context of wearing the panties and a desire to explore the more complete side of feminine apparel, the bra definitely added some added 'feeling' to the experience.

I also felt a 'freedom', to some degree, wearing the bra and panty set in front of Cathy and Julie. There was no condemnation or gasps or shock from them. I got the feeling from them that what I was doing was totally acceptable, and 'normal'.

I ran my hands up over the cups and felt the soft nylon ruffles. Julie's hand joined mine and pinched one of my nipples thru the sheer ruffle cup. I never once understood the fascination that some men get from wearing a bra, but, I was beginning to understand…. actually, I was starting to understand about myself through my attraction to lingerie.

It wasn't that I have some uncontrollable desire to be a cross dresser or a transsexual. I was perfectly happy dressing like a man and didn't want that to stop. But, underneath my man clothes, I wanted to wear and feel the sexy clothes of a woman. 'How strange,' I thought.

However, there was something deeper, something more cerebral still undiscovered within me and it went right to the core of my being. I couldn't put my finger on it, but, Julie knew, she must have sensed these desires in me and kept it in front of me so I could reach out and grasp it when the time was right. Perhaps the time growing near – perhaps this very night.

Cathy picked up the pink ruffle panties I selected, opened them up and held them out to me. When I moved toward her, she bent down so I could step into them. As I lifted one leg and then the other, Julie reached around me and grasped my cock and held it up against my stomach as Cathy slid the soft ruffle panties into place.

By now, I was both accepting and excited to have been naked so much in front of Cathy, and I was a little sad that I was now 'dressed'. All night I had been enjoying their constant touching and holding of my cock. Surprisingly enough, Julie never once blinked an eye to anything Cathy did, be it the spanking she gave me or when Cathy took a hold of my erection. These ladies had a plan, I was more sure than ever, and they knew what they were doing and I was starting to love every bit of it.

Julie turned me and walked me to the large mirror in the bedroom. Looking at myself, I saw something new. "Well," Julie said, "What do you think?"

Cathy moved to the other side of me, still wrapped in her towel from the shower and looked into the mirror with us. "My dad would say he looked as cute as a bug in a rug." Cathy remarked.

Julie hugged me and I felt her hands running up and down my back, affectionately stroking me, praising me, caressing me and loving me. Her touch was warm and soft and I soaked it up.

Breaking the hug, Julie took a step back and wiped a proud tear from her eye. Smiling broadly, she put her arms around my waist and told me to help Cathy get dressed and then the two of us should come down to eat. "Dinner will be on the table in 15 minutes." Julie told us. She kissed me softly on the cheek, hugged me again and left me alone with Cathy.

Cathy had the look of total satisfaction on her face as she looked at me. "You know, Greg," she said, "one day I hope to meet someone and be as happy and in love as you and Julie are. I am in total awe of the two of you."

I thanked her for the compliment and then took a minute to think about what to do next. Cathy broke the silence as she said "Well, come on, help me get ready and then we'll go have some dinner."

Cathy walked into the bathroom and I followed behind her. Standing in front of the bathroom vanity mirror, she unwrapped the towel from around her hair and shook it out. "Do you have a hair dryer in here?" She asked. I reached down under the vanity and found Julie's hair dryer and handed it to her. "Do you ever help Julie with her hair, Greg?"

"No," I answered, "I don't think I've ever had that pleasure."

"Well," Cathy said, "A woman likes to primp and wants to look good for her man. Personally, for me, I hate it when my hair doesn't look perfect. I would love it if my man wanted to touch my hair, to brush it and do it for me. Do you want to help me with it? Julie might like that, you know…. come on…. maybe you can learn something."

As I watched, Cathy showed me how she used the brush to hold the hair while the dryer did its job. After a few minutes, her hair was dry and she handed me the brush. "Here," she said, "give it a try."

I brushed her hair into place, and with some coaching and guiding of the brush, it looked wonderful. "I guess I need to find something to wear, don't I?" Cathy asked.

We left the bathroom and walked into the bedroom. "You know, Greg," she said, "I just had this strange attraction to the ruffle panties after you guys were in the store the other day, and quite frankly, I just had to get some of my own." She reached into the same bag where she found my bra and pulled out another pair of pink ruffle panties and another pink ruffle bra. She stood there, holding them in one hand asking "Do you think we should show up to dinner dressed the same?"

The sight of her standing there, holding the matching bra and panties in her hand, head cocked with the questioning look on her face was priceless. I started to laugh and nodded my head saying "It would be a shame if we didn't, don't you think?"

Cathy smiled back and it was obvious to us both that I knew she had planned and hoped for this. "Yes, we shouldn't pass up an opportunity like this." She said.

She handed me the ruffle panties and bra, still on the hangers, unhooked the towel under her arm, pulled the towel off and threw it on the bed. Standing in front of me naked, she looked at me saying "I think you should show me what you learned, Greg. Why don't you dress me?"

I knew grammatically her statement was a question. But, as far as I was concerned, it was a statement and I interpreted it as a command. 'OH YEAH!' I thought, 'Sure, I'll dress you.'

I unhooked the bra from the hanger and undid the clasp in the back. Moving up closer to her now, I drank up the youthful beauty of her body. Her shapely breasts jiggled in front of me with virtually no sag. Her nipples were pink and rich in color and it took all my will power to keep from putting my mouth on the little nipples and sucking them deeply.

I looked at her up and down. She stood and allowed it, too, even spreading her legs a bit so I could see her tender lips and the hood of her clit at the top. She had a fine body – it was supple and youthful and as far as I could tell, fairly inexperienced. I wondered if I would be able to enjoy her tonight, or if instead, she was going to enjoy me……

I laid the bra over my shoulder and tentatively reached a hand up to one of her boobs. When she didn't move back or say anything, I touched her, cupping her breast in my hand. I brought my other hand up to the other breast and held them, feeling the weight of her boobs as I gently hefted them up and down. My fingers reached for her nipples and I gently squeezed them between my thumb and forefinger. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back saying "Ahhh, that's nice."

"Are you guys ready yet?" Julie yelled from the kitchen.

Shattered out of my breast feeling trance, I yanked my hands away from her breasts when I heard Julie's voice. "It's okay," Cathy said, pulling my hands back up to cover her young breasts, "you can look and touch…. you just can't insert anything in me. That's the rules." She smiled and reached down to rub my cock through my ruffled panties.

"We'll be there in three minutes!" Cathy yelled back to Julie.

"So, then," I asked, "do the rules apply to you, too? You can't insert anything in me?"

She smiled a devilish grin and shook her head 'NO', then said "Come on now, get me dressed."

I let go of her breasts, but not until I gave the nipples a sharp playful squeeze. Pulling her ruffle bra from it's resting spot on my shoulder, I reached around her to wrap the bra around her waist and clasp it in the front like she showed me. I twisted it around and started to pull it up. As I did, she put her arms through the straps and I pulled them over her shoulders and set the straps in place.

Her hands went up to adjust her boobs in the cups, holding the material of the cup away from her body as she reached inside to adjust the lay of each boob inside each cup. Satisfied with the fit, she placed her open hands under each cup and felt them as a last check to ensure the bra fit nice and snug.

I jokingly asked if I was going to have to clean that bra, too…. Referring to my earlier sperm cleaning episode, to which she just laughed and said "We'll see…."

I reached for her pair of the ruffle panties and knelt down next to her. Just as she had done for me, I held the panties open for her to step into. Peering into the juncture of her legs I was treated to the sight of her wet pussy lips slightly parting as she raised one leg to step into the panties I was holding open. Instead of letting her step into the panties, though, I nuzzled my face into her crotch and inhaled deeply. She smelled different that Julie, but, it wasn't a bad difference, just different. I was still very excited and turned on to be just millimeters away from another woman's vagina – and with my wife's permission, no less.

She spread her legs so I could press my nose in between her labia, allowing me complete permission to rub my nose up and down her slit. When I started to lick her, she pushed my head away and said "No inserting anything, Greg. That includes your tongue. I already told you that. You can look, sniff and touch me on the outside – but not on the inside. If you anything like that again, I'll take you to your wife and together, she and I will spank your ass harder and longer than what you got before. Got it?"

The smile was gone and she had a serious look on her face and I felt like I was being disciplined. If she was role playing, I couldn't tell it and I didn't want to chance another spanking, so I backed off. I held the panties open and she stepped into them. I slid them up to her hips where she took them from me, and wiggled herself into them.

As I stood, she reached for my cock and stroked me through them. "I'll let that one slide, but, not anymore. If you break the rules, you're going to get it. Okay?" she asked.

I nodded my head up and down. "I understand." I replied.

Cathy looked at herself in the mirror, twirled around and looked at herself again. "Okay, let's go!" Her mood changed back to happy and smiling and the next thing I knew, she hooked her arm into mine and we were walking down the hall toward the kitchen.

As we approached the kitchen, she led me right past it, and headed for the dining room. Now, in the whole 3 years we lived in this house, we've only eaten in the dinning room twice and both times were on Christmas when we had family there.

Turning the corner around the kitchen, I saw Julie standing in the dining room, leaning across the table to light some candles. There were no lights on at all, but the room was aglow with candles that illuminated Julie's petite body. I was both surprised and happy to see Julie dressed in the same exact bra and panties set Cathy and I were dressed in. The significance of all of us dressed the same would not hit me until later.

Cathy and I stood at the doorway to the dining room until Julie had lit the last candle and turned to notice us. She held her hand out, as if to show off her immaculate table setting to us. "I see you guys are all dressed now," Julie said, "care to sit down?"

The table was fitted with her best and most prized silk table cloth and her bone china, topped off with real silverware on the table. In the middle was a platter that held my favorite dish – roast beef, and I'm sure it was fixed just the way she knew I liked it. There were glasses of wine and water at each table setting, as well as bread and my favorite vegetables. It would be a gross understatement to say that I was completely blown away by all of it. They way she must have worked to put all of this together without me knowing it, the way we were all dressed alike and the promise of what the night would hold for the three of us.

"Julie, I just don't know how you do it…. This is amazing. I love you." I said. I was so touched by everything.

She came to me and we hugged and kissed tenderly. Had it not been for Cathy standing there, I could have easily been lost in the moment. The kiss was hot and wet and sloppy, the kind of kiss intended to make you horny, and my cock started to strain against my panties. When our kiss broke, Cathy slipped down on her knees in front of me and pulled my panties down. Julie side-stepped a few inches and began to kiss my neck, working her way up slowly to my ear. Suddenly, I felt Cathy's warm mouth engulf my cock. She held me in her wetness, lightly sucking and running her tongue across my cock head.

Without even looking down at Cathy sucking my cock, Julie whispered in my ear "Greg, I want you to completely and totally let go of all your inhibitions and hang-ups tonight. Can you do that for me? Can you do that starting right now?"

Julie's eyes were searching for my answer, waiting for my reply. I could see the urgency in her expression and I could sense the importance of her question.

I leaned in to return the favor, kissing her and bathing her with warmth as I blew softly down her neck. "Oh, yes," I said, "I already have."

Softly, but loud enough for Cathy to hear, she said "Darling, Cathy and I both are going to take your cute little bottom tonight. First, I'm going to let her fuck you there, but after that, I'm going to make love to you. Honey, I'm going to make love to you as a woman and I want you to fully experience sex like that – just like you were a woman – to be penetrated and held and loved. I want you to give in to everything tonight and let things happen – what ever we do, what ever happens, I want you to accept and reciprocate. Will you promise me that?"

I nodded my head and told her that I promised I would go along with anything.

"We're also going to let you watch us together, she and I, so you can see how a woman moves, how we feel, how we touch and how we have sex," she said, "I want you to see everything up close and personal so you can learn how to accept and appreciate being penetrated and what it means to open your mouth, your legs or your ass to someone."

I just looked at Julie. I heard her words and I understand what she said, but, the way she said it and the look on her face - almost pleading with me to understand the root meaning of what she was trying to convey – told me there was more that just a good ass-fucking coming. There were emotions in her words I hadn't seen before.

With my cock throbbing in Cathy's mouth, Julie's eyes looking up into mine, the candles and…… and……. now she had finally said the words that pushed me to a place I had previously resisted, but, at the same time excited me more than anything I had ever heard….. I was going to spend a whole night having sex as a woman. Not as a man having sex with his wife using a strap on, she was asking me to have sex as a woman.

Instantly, the feeling between my legs escalated as Cathy's sucking became more insistent. Cathy had waited for Julie's to finish talking and then started to suck me like an experienced cock-sucker. The revelation of what was to come this evening and everything that had happened already was pushing my buttons and I approached my point of no return. I tried to move back away from Cathy, remembering what Julie said about not coming, but, Julie held me tight, not letting me move. "I'm gonna cum soon," I said, "I'm not kidding, Julie. If she doesn't stop, I'm going to cum in her mouth."

Julie held me saying, "Go ahead, Darling, let it go now, it's okay, go ahead and let it go…. I know the thought of both of us having you turns you on. Think about the way you're going to suck my hard cock while Cathy watches you, and the way I'm going to make love to your ass, slipping my cock in and out of your wet slippery ass with you laying on the bed with your knees up, just like a woman, opening your sex to me allowing me to pump you…. Think about how you're going to want to have that cock in your mouth while I pump you……."

Julie knew her words would push me past the limit and they did. As she held me and teased me with her words, I completely exploded in Cathy's mouth, sending my hot sperm into her warmth and wetness. Cathy held onto my cock as I shook and erupted into her. It took me a minute to calm down and finish my contractions, all the while Julie held me and encouraged me to enjoy it.

When my cum was over, Cathy stood up, moved in close to Julie where they embraced and kissed. I watched as Julie opened her mouth to Cathy and the two of them exchanged my sperm. The scene unfolding in front of me as they continued to kiss and share my sperm was unlike anything I had ever seen before…… it was totally hot. Their mouths, dripping of cum, and the sounds of their kissing and slurping were simply unbelievable.

Julie pulled away and leaned over to kiss me. I opened my mouth immediately to her probing tongue and she passed what was left of my cum back to me. I eagerly kissed and sucked her tongue into my mouth. 'HOLY FUCK' my mind cried. This was all too surreal and I felt blessed beyond what I can describe here to have experienced the cum sharing. Before long, Cathy joined our kiss and all our tongues were touching and licking.

As our mutual kiss ended, both women looked at me and I smiled broadly. "Come on," Julie said, "It's girls night and we need to eat before we have any more fun."

We sat down to eat one of the most fabulous and succulent meals I have ever had. During dinner we talked about Cathy's job, Julie's job and the new coworker, my job, the house, the meal she cooked, just about everything you can image. Not one word was said about sex, panties, strap-ons, pussies, cocks or cums. We actually had a very friendly and social meal.

When we finished the meal, Cathy and I helped Julie clean up all the dishes, put the leftovers in the refrigerator and load the dishwasher. In some way, I got the feeling that Julie appreciated that so much – just the fun we had of bumping into each other trying to work at the sink and clear the table. I had long since stopped doing any of that and it was fun to just hang out and talk while we puttered through the clean up.

Once we were done cleaning, Julie suggested we each get another glass of wine and head to the bedroom. I couldn't say 'YES' quick enough.

When we got to the bedroom, Julie suggested I try on some of the lingerie piled up on the bed telling me that doing so would be exiting to both she and Cathy, as well as give Cathy a chance to see how things fit me, what styles and colors looked best on me and for me to get an idea of what I personally liked. I was quick to agree, by now, having spent the better part of this night practically naked in front of both of them. Any embarrassment I felt was long gone and I was very comfortable with the situation.

We sorted the pile into tops (bras and anything that is worn above the waist), panties and hosiery. I told them straight away I wasn't that excited about the hosiery, but, they insisted that if I was gong to get the full experience of role playing a woman, I needed to give it a try. Seeing how important is was to Julie, I finally said "Sure, let's try them, too."

And so we began a two hour try-on session with Cathy taking the lead and finding sets of things for me to try on. I changed into each piece in front of them, stripping down naked in between outfits. One thing became evident, and that was that when ever I tried on something that I liked, my cock grew hard. After the first few outfits, they picked up on it and starting making piles of things that made me hard and piles of things that let me go soft. Each time I became hard, Cathy would touch me, feel me and say things to bring attention to my straining cock. Julie just watched, never making any comments about Cathy's touching or the attention she was showering me with.

A trend developed, or so it seemed. The things that made me hard were the sets that were colorful, soft and feminine. The cotton panties didn't do too much for me and the nighties didn't, either. Some of Julie's panties were made from micro fiber material and I really liked those and they made me very hard. Surprisingly enough, there were a few bras that I had to admit turned me on. The ones with the stiff cups and underwire I had no interest in, but, the light mesh bras that didn't feel so rigid on my chest were nice. They were almost see through and given the right size, I told Julie I would wear them around the house and when I was out somewhere with her. This seemed to delight her, and to some degree, the naughtiness of it excited me, too.

We took note of which brand fit me best and which cut hung off my butt poorly. There seemed to be a large variance in the way different sizes fit, too. Some of her panties were 'S' and some were 'M'. Some were 5/6 and some were 7/8. We came to the conclusion that there wasn't a firm standard and that each individual garment needed to be tried on and checked for fit. "We'll be spending a lot of time in fitting rooms tomorrow, Greg," She said.

When ever I got hard, Cathy would rub my cock inside the panties, and more than once, she pulled the panties down and sucked my cock briefly as Julie looked on and smiled. "Tomorrow," Julie said, "if you get hard while you're shopping, she's going to make you stroke yourself until you cum and you'll have to cum in your hand and lick it up for her. But tonight, we're not going to let you cum anymore – at least by stroking yourself. You've already come once more than we counted on." Both girls laughed, but, Julie's comment verified the fact that they had planned this down to the exact detail.

Eventually, as we continued to try on all this lingerie, Julie climbed onto the bed and started to rub herself nonchalantly through her panties as she watched Cathy and I discuss and try on each piece. The crotch panel of her panties was wet, as she laid there with her legs spread, letting both Cathy and I watch her touch herself.

I was amazed at the comfortableness of it all – Julie touching herself, Cathy touching and sucking me, me being naked and everyone having a good time.

When we were down to the last piece to try on, Julie told us to "Hurry up, you guys! I don't know how much longer I can wait."

Removing the last pair of panties and bra I was trying on, Julie reached for the 'Fuck-Me-Panties' and dangled them on her finger. "Just one pair left." She said.

I knew putting them on would start a chain of events that was unavoidable at this point and that I was thoroughly looking forward to by now. The thought of giving up my ass to both of them and doing the things Julie had planned would build my excitement up beyond a point where it had been before. I was literally shaking with anticipation and desire.

As I reached over to take the 'Fuck-Me-Panties' from Julie, a silence came over the room as Cathy and Julie watched me make this silent confession of what I wanted. Julie pulled them back, playfully smiling and asking me "Are you sure, Greg? If you take these from me, some things will happen tonight that we can't undo. You have to be sure."

My Fantasy Weekend Ch. 07
byPro_Ball_Player©

Message from author: I know it's been a long time since the last chapter of this series was posted, and I apologize for that. It was unavoidable. This story pushes the edges of many envelopes, especially in this chapter. If you haven't read the previous chapters, you might not understand some of things going on in this chapter.

*

I looked into Julie's eyes and reached out to take the 'Fuck-Me-Panties' from her. Yes, I heard her warning – I heard it loud and clear. Yes, I knew that if I put them on, both she and Cathy were going to have a turn at me with the strap-on. Yes, I firmly understood that there was something more to all of it – something symbolic and powerful. I accepted all of this as I took the 'Fuck-Me-Panties' in my hand. By putting them on, I knew the destination of my journey tonight would end up with my ass being fucked by one, and maybe both of them. "Fine by me," I though.

I took a step back from the bed to put the panties on, but, Cathy moved to my side and took the panties away from me. "Here," Cathy said, "let me help you." In a way, her offer made me feel submissive to her, a feeling I was beginning to enjoy and cherish.

As she had done already once this evening, she knelt in front of me to help me put on my panties. Cathy held the 'Fuck-Me-Panties' open for me to step into..... first one leg, and then the other followed by Cathy pulling the soft and stretchy panties up my legs, stopping at mid-thigh. I wondered why she had stopped but when I saw her look at Julie and then nod, I realized there was something symbolic about not pulling my panties all the way up my legs.

Cathy got up from her kneeling position and moved back to stand side by side with Julie, who had moved to the middle of the room. "Greg," Julie said, "tonight is kind of a 'Rite Of Passage' night for you. But, when it's over, I don't want you to feel like you were tricked or forced into anything. If you want to continue, you'll need to pull those up yourself. We'll consider that to be your voluntary permission to continue with what we have planned. So, pull them up and stick your cock through the front hole if you're ready."

I didn't need to think about it. Why the hell would I hesitate now? Through the proceeding weeks and all the things we had done, Julie had never hurt, disappointed or disrespected me. She had never led me to a dangerous place and always seemed to be one step ahead of my own realization of my feelings. I had trusted her up to this point..... so, why shouldn't I trust her now? After all, she's my wife..... she wasn't going to hurt me and she had never let me down. I wasn't going to second guess any of it now, that's for sure. I proudly pulled the 'Fuck-Me-Panties' up and stuck my hard cock through the hole cut in the front of the silky material. It WAS symbolic, my actions were, I mean..... putting that specific pair of panties on meant I wanted to have my ass fucked and was willing to let them do whatever they wanted to do to me. Once they were on, I felt a sense of freedom, release and desire the likes I haven't felt in a long time.

Julie came to hug and kiss me. She didn't say anything, but, the way she hooked her hand behind my neck and pulled me down to her told me she was happy, hot, horny and overdue for some action. "I love you, Greg," she said, "more than anything in the world. I've worked for weeks to bring you to this point..... I hope you enjoy and get into all of this. But if you want to stop, just say so."

Taking me by the hand, she led me over to the side of the bed and told me to bend down over it. As I did, I knew my ass would be in the exact position that it was in the first time she took my ass with her strap-on.

When I was in the position she desired, she patted my back and told me to stay like that. Turning away from me, she walked toward her closet and opened the door and motioned for Cathy to join her. Julie reached in and took out a large bag from the adult store we visit and handed it to Cathy.

With the bag in her hand, Cathy came over next to me and dumped the contents out on the bed. There was another strap-on harness, similar to the one Julie and I used. There were two dildos, which, I assumed were for the strap-ons. I went through a momentary panic noticing they were much larger than the one Julie had used on me before. There was a butt plug, some anal lubricant and a pink blindfold. The last item was a life size life like dildo, with a spongy covering.

Shortly, Cathy was joined by Julie who had our normal collection of toys which included her own strap-on harness and the regular dildo she used to make love to my ass.

"These," Julie said, holding up the two larger dildos, "are for Cathy and I to use on each other." The momentary panic I went through when I first saw them was instantly relieved, happy now that they wouldn't be pushing their way up my ass, but instead pushing their way into each other's vaginas.

"The butt plug is for you.... and this," holding up the life like dildo, "is for you, too. But, don't worry, it's not going in your bottom, Honey. It's for you to suck on later. If you're going to experience sex as a woman, you'll need to sharpen up your cock sucking skills. It's all part of being a woman, Dear."

Julie pulled Cathy behind me and I felt her lower my panties down below my ass. The feel of her pulling them down and exposing my ass to them gave me a terrific thrill. My mind started to prepare myself for a fucking and I wiggled my ass out to them and spread my legs a little to make their access easier. To my dismay, they didn't fuck me.

"Open that anal lube, would you?" Julie said to Cathy. Cathy reached over to pick up the anal lube from the bed, looked down at me and smiled teasingly.

"Now," Julie said, "put some of that on your finger and run it around his hole first. Gradually use more and more while you put your finger in him a little at a time and once you have him nice and slippery, ease the butt plug in. But, don't rush it – take as much time as you want. Tease him a little if you want to...... believe me, he won't complain. Make him anticipate your fingers... he loves that. Try to get the feel of his butt so you can judge how tense he is and when he finally relaxes."

I felt Cathy's finger touch my hole. The cold lube startled me a bit, but it wasn't that bad and I lay there quietly so she could lube my ass. "Make sure you use a lot of lube back there," Julie told Cathy, "it has a desensitizing agent in it that will help him relax and enjoy his penetrations later."

Julie bent down on the bed and moved next to me so that her face was right next to mine as if she was going to kiss me. She ran her fingers through my hair and smiled at me. While Cathy's finger worked on my ass, Julie and I kissed and rubbed noses and cuddled as best we could given the position I was in. "Greg," Julie said, "just trust me, you're going to love this. We're going to be very careful and I'll be watching out for you the whole time. Just relax and get into it. You get to watch for a while before we take your ass, I know you'll get off on watching Cathy and I fuck each other with the strap-ons. After you watch us do each other, then it will be your turn. And don't try to make yourself cum because it will spoil the surprises I have planned for you later."

Julie lay with me for a few more minutes while Cathy fingered and lubed my ass. I was content to let her do it all night, too, because what she was doing felt fantastic. Her finger was like a small slender dildo gliding effortlessly into me, pressing on my prostrate and then fucking me. I relaxed my ass to take more of her finger and allow her to go as deep as she wanted to go.

"I think he's all ready for the butt plug now," Cathy said, "should I put it in him?"

Julie smiled, kissed me and then said "I'll be right back, Honey, you just relax and stay right where you are." Hell, I wasn't going to go anywhere! I closed my eyes and concentrated on Cathy's finger as it moved in and out of my ass. She definitely did a good job with the lube and her finger easily moved in and out of me, just like a finger going in and out of a well lubricated vagina. I was really enjoying the pampering and the gentle feel of her touch. I really didn't want it to end.

"Can you get two fingers in him?" I heard Julie ask. I felt some slight pressure back there, but, her gentle touching and the lube had relaxed me enough to easily accommodate the extra finger and it wasn't uncomfortable at all. In fact, it felt rather exciting to be bent over and exposed like that, with these two women playing with my ass. I started to feel like a slut..... and you know..... I loved it. I wiggled my ass and moaned so they would know what they were doing to me.

After a minute, I heard Julie tell Cathy to go ahead and slip the butt plug into me. "Just the tip at first," Julie instructed, "then, ease it in a little at a time." Julie came back around and lay on the bed next to me again. Smiling, she asked, "Are you doing okay so far?" I nodded that I was fine and she added, "the butt plug will help stretch you a little, Darling, then it will feel much better for you when you take our cocks. I really want you to enjoy this and experience the same penetration a woman would feel. The butt plug will help get you ready for that."

My cock was throbbing. Even thought I couldn't see it, I knew it was leaking copious amounts of pre-cum and I was expected it to start to throb and explode any second now. I had one of those hard-ons where the head of my cock was actually aching from the volume of blood surging through it. Each erotic thing that was happening took me one step closer to the edge, making me harder and I was loving every minute of it. I felt the butt plug finally slip all the way in me and plop into place. By itself, it simply felt good, filling my ass, giving me this nice and snug erotic feeling.

Having slipped the butt plug into me, Cathy pulled my panties back to my hips as Julie got up from the bed. She pulled me up and we kissed for a short minute before she put her hands on my chest and said "Okay, Panty Boy, it's play time. You just watch for now...... and no touching that cock, Mister!"

Julie walked over to Cathy and stood in front of her. "Are you ready?" Julie asked. Cathy nodded 'YES' and I watched in amazement as Julie took charge of her assistant. There was a sense of tenderness between them... maybe it was something unspoken, but, the sexual connection between these two was undeniable. I wondered if Cathy had something of a submissive streak in her that Julie was trying to tap.

"You've been waiting a while for this, haven't you, Cathy?" Julie asked. Cathy nodded again. "You've been wonderful playing along with us, and we both really appreciate it," Julie told her, "and, now you'll get part of your reward."

I watched as Julie reached up to tenderly caress Cathy's breasts, still encased in her bra. She felt them lightly, running her hands around Cathy's bosoms and cupping them in a way that was very touching. Julie stopped her caress for a moment and reached for Cathy's hand and pulled it toward her own crotch. Cathy let Julie guide her hand between her legs and I watched Cathy's face as she touched Julie's pussy through her panties. The look on her face was priceless as she felt Julie's warmth. This might have been the first time Cathy had ever felt another girl and I could tell she was digging it. After a minute of touching, the girls fell into an embrace and kissed. Their actions were exploratory, soft and slow, warm and loving, and I could tell they were enjoying themselves with Julie leading Cathy every step of the way.

As their kiss broke, Cathy looked at me and blushed. It was so cute to see her embarrassment, but, her attention was stolen away from me when Julie took her hand and moved it up to the elastic waist band and then down into her panties. I groaned in unison with Julie as she shifted her weight and spread her legs to allow Cathy's probing fingers to find the warmth of her vagina. I was watching my wife being felt up and it was an extremely erotic sight. Sure, I've had thoughts about watching my wife have sex with another man – every man has those thoughts. And as well, I've had thoughts of watching my wife have sex with another woman, something that's totally normal, too. But all of that aside, what really turned me on was that my wife was being pleasured by someone else in front of me. I watched as Julie squirmed and wiggled her pussy on Cathy's fingers while subconsciously wiggling my own bottom to feel the butt plug inside my ass.

After a minute or two of finger fucking, Julie broke their embrace and reached behind Cathy to undo her bra. Stepping behind Cathy and turning her to me, she slipped the bra down Cathy's shoulders and off. After tossing the bra to me, she held Cathy's breasts in her hands like she was offering them up for me to see.

Cathy's eyes were closed and she had a slight smile on her face as Julie tweaked her nipples, teasing them both and pulling on them lightly. I sat down on the bed and started to stroke my cock as I watched them play. Over Cathy's shoulder, Julie gave me a stern look - which I immediately understood as an order to stop my stroking.

Still standing behind Cathy, she moved her hands to Cathy's waist and hooked her hands into Cathy's panties. Still facing me, Julie started to lower Cathy's panties, not stopping until they were at her thighs. Her vagina was perfectly framed for me and I had an unobstructed view of her until Julie's hand found its way to her wet sex and started to fondle her lips. I could hear the unmistakable sound of wet pussy lips as Julie's fingers masturbated her. With her eyes still closed, Cathy started to breathe deeper and soon it turned into panting as Julie concentrated on her clit and alternately pushing her fingers inside the girl's wet vagina.

Soon, Cathy started to move and sway in time with Julie's touch, bearing herself down on my wife's fingers. When she came, she grunted and moaned "Yes! Yes!" so loud that it startled me. Damn, what a sight to behold. I reached for my cock again, but, stopped myself before I could touch it. I really needed some relief – this was absolute torture not being able to stroke my cock while watching them.

"Are you ready to be fucked now?" Julie asked. "Uh-huh." Cathy answered.

"Move up and lay on the bed, then," Julie said to Cathy, "and lay next to my husband. Show him how horny girls lay when we want to be fucked."

Cathy crawled on the bed and lay next to me. She drew her knees up and opened them. I saw and heard her vagina open, her lips making a wet sound as they parted . What a huge thrill it was to see her pink inner lips blossom open to reveal her moist vaginal entrance in such an inviting and lewd manner.

I looked over to see Julie putting on her strap-on with the new dildo she'd purchased just for this occasion. I felt a twinge of jealously for an instant, but, the feeling went away when Julie walked over to me and asked me to 'get her ready'. I knew exactly what she meant, and as Julie moved closer to the bed, I met her fake cock with my mouth and began to suck it. This was something I had done numerous times before, but never in front of someone. Julie must have sensed my timid reluctance to suck her cock as fully as I usually do.

"Come on Panty Boy, don't be embarrassed," Julie said, "take my cock and suck it like you usually do so I can fuck her. The longer you take, the longer she has to wait. Come on, done be embarrassed.... It's just us, Honey. I've told her how good you can suck a cock, now it's time for you to show her I was telling the truth."

Her words touched something in me and I immediately started to suck that cock like there was no tomorrow. I grabbed it with my hand and slobbered all over it, running my mouth up and down and taking it as deep as I could. Julie had spent countless hours coaching me on how to get her ready, and it was time to make her proud....... And that's just what I did.

After two or three minutes of cock sucking, she pulled the cock from my mouth, patted my head and said "Now watch her closely so you know what you're supposed to do."

Julie got on the bed between Cathy's spread legs and placed the dildo snuggly at the opening of the girl's pussy. She rubbed the fake cock up and down her wet slit until the cock head finally found its home. "Ready?" Julie asked Cathy.

I looked up to see Cathy nod that she was ready. When Julie slipped the cock into her, Cathy's eyes slowly shut and her head rolled back with a deep sigh, "Ooooohhhhhh."

Julie fucked her slowly at first, sliding the cock all the way into her and then all the way out. Then pausing for a moment and repeating the cycle time after time. As Julie's speed increased, Cathy started to come alive and move in time with Julie's thrusts. Soon, they were moving in unison with Cathy tilting her pelvis up to receive the cock deeper and deeper on each thrust. Cathy's hands moved to her own nipples and she squeezed and pinched them. Her fingers took no mercy on her nipples as Julie's rhythm settled into a deep, repetitive thrusting into Cathy's pussy.

Cathy was in her own little world now, her eyes were closed and she was moving in a way to allow the maximum depth to each of Julie's thrusts. I could see Cathy's inner lips stretching to grip the cock, pulling outwards when Julie withdrew out of her and disappear inwards when Julie pushed in. The marvel and wonderment of this girl's vagina was evident to me as I watched her being fucked from a vantage point I had never once enjoyed – until now.

Within a few minutes, Cathy's breathing increased and she started to moan. "Oh, yes... fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

Julie's pace increased and I looked down to see Cathy's pussy was wetter than I would have thought was possible. Her pussy juice, liberally flowing from around the pounding cock, was filling the room with her scent. I couldn't contain myself any longer – I just had to stroke my cock. As my hand found it and started to stroke it, I looked to see if Julie was going to get upset with me. I needn't have worried, though, as Julie's eyes were closed and her teeth were clenched as she continued to fuck our young lingerie salesgirl.

When Cathy came, it was like a long slow build and then a noisy release. She started to moan, saying "Oh, yes, I'm going to cum!" Then a little louder, "I'm going to cum!" I took my hand away from my cock so I could watch her pussy closely when she finally was there. A small stream of juice came squirting from around the cock, soaking Julie's cock and crotch and I knew Cathy was exploding. "Yes!" Cathy screamed.

Julie pushed the cock deeply into Cathy's pussy and held it there until Cathy's shuddering climax ended. There was no doubt that Julie had given Cathy a good fucking – this wasn't some show they concocted for my benefit – my wife fucked this girl well and Cathy's cum was spectacular.

"Panty Boy," Julie said, "sometimes a woman will have to suck her man after he's fucked her. Some women don't like to do that because they don't like to taste their own pussy juice, but, you won't give us any trouble, will you?"

At first I didn't understand what Julie meant. But, I understood her meaning exactly when she reached over to pull my face down to her cock as it was still embedded in Cathy's vagina.

My mind went into slow motion as I realized my wife was pushing my head down into another woman's crotch. Cathy's pussy was soaking wet and as I got close enough, my tongue began to lick the girl's juices from my wife's cock as well as Cathy's vagina. Slowly, Julie pulled out of Cathy pussy, letting me clean the dildo and Cathy's pussy as she did so.

As the cock pulled free, she pushed my head onto it and I began to suck her as I did before, but this time enjoying the smell and taste of Cathy's thoroughly fucked pussy. I opened my eyes to find both Julie and Cathy watching me take the cock deeply into my mouth, opening my throat to allow the cock to push all the way down until the base of the strap-on was touching my nose. I had even surprised myself..... taking the whole length of the cock until I needed to take a breath. Pulling my mouth off the cock, Julie smiled and told me I had done well. 

I sat back on my haunches because I thought they were done. As I did, though, Julie bent down and started to lick Cathy's pussy. First with slow dedicated licks, and then she nuzzled into Cathy's pussy, coating her face with the girl's juices. I watched as she brought Cathy to one more orgasm, making Cathy pant and moan as she did before. This was a side of my wife I hadn't seen before, but, knew she had fantasized about. "Fuck!" I thought, "I'm living dreams that I never knew would or could come true."

Julie got up from between Cathy's legs and I moved to kiss her. As our lips touched, I could taste Cathy's pussy on her lips and in her mouth and I felt Julie's hand on my cock.

"She tastes pretty good, huh?" Julie asked. I nodded my agreement as Julie grasped my cock harder and began to stroke it. "It's her turn to fuck me now, Greg." She said, "I'm going to get on top of her and I want you to watch how I do this. You never can tell when you might get a chance to go for a nice long pole ride, Honey. You need to be ready when and if the chance comes."

Julie took off her strap-on and let it lay on the floor. She pulled Cathy off the bed and helped her put on the other strap-on and then positioned Cathy lying on her back on the bed. The dildo being held by the harness around Cathy's waist was pointing up and as Julie crawled up onto the bed, she motioned for me to lie down next to Cathy so I could watch. As she leaned over Cathy's cock, she looked at me and asked "Well, what are you waiting for, Panty Boy? Aren't you going to get her cock ready to fuck me?"

I leaned over and took Cathy's cock into my mouth, looking up the length of Cathy's body to her face. She had propped herself up on her elbows and was watching me suck. Her mouth seemed to mimic my movements, maybe unconsciously, mirroring everything I did. It was a little funny, but, what impressed me about it was that she was so into the whole scene, she was following what I was doing.... Maybe even wishing she was doing it, too.

"Okay, Panty Boy," Julie said, "You're having way too much fun there....... Let go of that cock so I can have some fun, too." Cathy started to laugh and I let the cock slip from my mouth.

"Now," Julie instructed, "hold the cock up and let me get on top of it. Feel for my pussy by rubbing it back and forth until you feel my pussy hole."

"You would do the same thing for you," she continued, "just like I do when I sit my butt down on top of your cock. Once you feel the hole, just push down on it and let it go into you slowly. Once you're down on it and comfortable, then you can get as crazy as you want."

With that, Julie lowered herself down on Cathy's cock. I watched as she slid down onto it, grinding her clit on the harness of the strap-on when she bottomed out. It wasn't long before Julie started to move and slide up and down the dildo. She was getting into it, starting to move faster and faster with each plunge. She started to talk to me saying "You're ass will be doing this one day on a real cock, Panty Boy. Isn't that right?"

As before, I nodded 'Yes'.

"Tell me how bad you want a real cock, Greg," Julie asked. "You DO want a real cock, don't you?"

"Yes, Babe," I answered, "you know the answer to that."

"I want you to say it, Greg," she replied, "I want you to say it out loud in front of Cathy, so there's a witness. I don't want you to be able to deny it later. Tell us you want to suck and fuck a real cock, Panty Boy."

Julie's speed had increased on top of Cathy's cock and knowing her like I do, I knew she was very close to her own orgasm. The things she was saying were similar to other things we would say when we were having sex, and it always signaled her impending climax.

"Okay, I'll say it," I said, "and I don't care who hears it anymore. I don't care if Cathy hears or even tells all her friends or puts it up on a sign. You've been right all along. I do want a cock. I want to suck one and I want to feel one in my ass. I want to make one cum in my mouth and feel the hot sperm shoot off into me. Is that what you wanted me to say?"

Julie's eyes were half shut when I finished my confession. She didn't acknowledge what I'd said, but instead she erupted into a shattering orgasm. I saw her shake and shiver on Cathy's cock pounding down on the dildo without any mercy whatsoever. I was amazed at the power of her climax and the energy that she expended.

When the waves of her orgasm left her, she slumped over and fell limp on top of Cathy, her head falling just to the other side of Cathy's. I watched her for a minute as she caught her breath. Her head was turned away from me, but I heard her breathing in and out, trying to recover.

"Yes, Greg," she said, without turning toward me and in between breaths, "that's exactly what I wanted to hear. I wanted to hear you say what you longed for and I wanted Cathy to hear you say it."

Julie pulled herself up and turned to me. "Greg, that wasn't for my benefit. It was for your own benefit. You've gone this far to bravely find your fantasy, and Cathy and I have helped you, but, you needed to say it out loud so you would realize that it can really happen. It can come true starting tonight if you let it."

What Julie didn't realize was that I knew damn well my fantasy was coming true, well – most of it anyway. And yes, I was letting it come true. I hadn't challenged her or pushed back on anything. I had willingly let her take me to where we were going with all of this.

Rising from the bed, Julie came to me and pulled me from my sitting position. "I hope you've been watching and learning, Darling," Julie said, "because it's time for you to spread your legs and take our cocks. Are you ready?"

This was music to my ears because I knew after they fucked me, Julie would let me cum. Either in her mouth, or in her pussy or maybe in her ass – one way or the other, I knew she would take care of me. You see, that was our usual pattern, she would get her pleasure and have one or two good cums, them she would have me suck her fake cock. After I sucked her for a few minutes, she would fuck me and then make me cum. I was to the point that I looked forward to each step because I knew where it would lead.... eventually to a monster size cum.

I nodded my head and told her I was ready. I was rewarded with a warm embrace and an even warmer kiss. She held her arms out for Cathy to join our hug, and when she did, we all hugged and embraced each other. My cock, hard as steel, rubbed against both of them as we held each other. I kept waiting for my cock to spontaneously erupt with massive globs of cum shooting everywhere, possibly wounding one of them due to the state of my arousal..... but, of course, the only thing coming out of my cock was a steady stream of pre-cum.

I sensed it was time. Watching my wife fuck Cathy's pussy, and then watching Cathy return the favor to my wife had ratcheted up my level of excitement well beyond my normal breaking point. When Julie broke our embrace and took me by the hand to lead me over to the bed, I knew it was my turn now.

"Leave the 'Fuck-Me-Panties' on, Greg," Julie said, "I want to see your cute little ass covered in those pink ruffles while we make love to your bottom."

She picked up her strap-on from where she left it on the floor and took the dildo out of it. Reaching to the bed, she found our regular sized dildo and told me to go rinse it off. She walked behind me to the bathroom and stood behind me as I leaned over the sink. "Honey," she said, I'm going to fuck you first, then Cathy will have her chance. She's been really turned on thinking about doing you like this, so, make sure you give her a good fuck. I'll loosen you up a bit and you should be fine with her."

"While I fuck you," Julie continued, "I want you to suck that dildo I bought for you. It's about the size of a real cock and you really need to start getting used to having something about that size in your mouth. Can you do that for me?"

"Sure, Babe," I answered, "no problem. You just want me to close my eyes and suck it like it was a real one? That's so nasty, oh, hell yes... I'll suck it."

"Well," Julie said, "now that you brought it up....... I'm going to put a blind fold on you while we take turns at your bottom."

I looked at her, wondering why she was going to try to blindfold me. I ran all the possibilities through my mind and didn't come up with anything that made sense. "Why the blindfold?" I asked.

"Greg, I just want you to get into the role play of being in the woman's place," Julie answered, "I want you to concentrate on the feeling of being penetrated.... of being made love to..... and sucking a cock. This way, you won't be distracted by either one of us looking at you or us moving around to get a better view. Having Cathy here and doing this in front of her is a validation and affirmation time for you. Darling, I want you to concentrate fully on what you are feeling and the blindfold will help you do that. Does that make sense?"

Well, 'fuck me!' I thought. It made total sense and it all came together in my mind. She was right, again..... doing all of this in front of Cathy was an affirmation for me. It affirmed that I liked this and that I wanted it. It also was making me face all my desires head on and be truthful to myself, and to Julie, too.

"Yeah, that works for me," I said, "I'm ready and by the way, thanks for doing all of this and making it a comfortable thing for me. I really love you for it."

I had finished washing and rinsing the dildo when she turned me around and kissed my lips. Breaking away and grabbing my hard cock, she led me out of the bathroom. Reaching for the strap-on harness, she handed it to me and asked me to strap it all on her.

After I affixed the dildo into the harness and then the harness around her, she walked to the bed and picked up the blindfold and held it out to me. "I want you to put this on by yourself," Julie said, "then get on the bed on your back and we'll get you positioned the way I want you."

I took the blindfold from her and pressed the Velcro straps together in the back. Julie reached up to check the tightness and make sure I couldn't see anything. She steered me against the bed and told me to assume the position.

As I was getting onto the bed, I heard Julie ask Cathy to help get me into position, saying "Let's move him up a little higher toward the pillows...... move his head closer to the side and see if we can swing his ass toward the middle."

I felt Cathy at the side of the bed, pulling the upper part of my body toward her. As I wiggled toward her, I felt Julie grasp my cock and pull it toward the middle of the bed. The girls giggled and I heard Cathy say something to Julie about using my cock as a handle to move me around.

I felt somewhat awkward and helpless as the girls moved me. But, after a bit of shifting, they finally got me settled into position. When they were done, I reached out to find the side of the bed and discovered I was lying at an angle. The edge of the bed was just to the side of my head and my legs were pointed out to the center.

"Okay," Julie said, "I think that's perfect. Cathy, go lay down on the other side of him and you can watch and stroke him from over there." A thrill shot through me with the thought of Julie fucking my ass while Cathy jerked me off. In my mind, I could see myself clearly – lying on my back, dressed in the pink ruffled panties with my cock sticking out the hole in the front of them. When I lifted my knees up to take Julie's cock, the big hole she'd cut in the back of the panties would open up allowing her access to my ass. Add to that the vision of Cathy lying right next to me watching Julie's cock pound into me and stroking my cock at the same time – Damn, this was going to be good.

I heard Julie walking around the room and she started to talk to me as she got closer to where I was lying. "Greg," she said, "I'm going to give you the cock to suck now." Her voice was at the side of me and I felt her lean down on the bed and place the dildo in my hand.

"Cathy's going to be right next to you if you need anything," Julie told me, "she's going to stroke you from time to time, so just go with it. You can practice your cock-sucking while we play."

Julie leaned down and kissed me softly on the lips. I returned her kiss and enjoyed this last minute of rest before everything got crazy. When our kiss was over, she whispered in my ear "I hope all of this drives you into sensory overload, Darling. Gawd, I'm so envious of you right now."

She guided the dildo in my hand up to my mouth and I put it to my lips. This dildo was bigger than the one she normally had me suck.... this one was wider, longer, had fake balls and a unique spongy covering. I slipped the head into my mouth as I felt Julie move between my legs. "Pull your knees up now, Honey," she said, "and just enjoy this."

As I pulled my knees up, I felt Cathy's hand grasp my cock. She only held it, squeezing me tightly, then loosening her grip and tightening again. She repeated this while Julie removed the butt plug and applied the lube to my now opened ass.

The anal lube was cold at first, but I got used to it after the initial shock wore off. Cathy continued her rhythmic squeezing of my cock as I felt Julie's finger start to dance around my asshole, every now and then pressing into me just a fraction of an inch. She was applying more and more lube and pushing into my ass little by little. When her finger finally entered me, my cock jumped and swelled. Maybe that's a reflex action, but, it was something Julie told Cathy to expect and when it happened, Cathy gasped and gripped me very tightly. "He's leaking a little," Cathy said, "it's so clear and shiny."

"Uh-huh," Julie answered, "there's going to be a lot more of that soon. He might actually leak a lot. You can taste it if you want – it's actually pretty damn good. But, don't make him cum... just tease him and get him so worked up that when we do make him cum, he'll totally lose control."

Cathy loosened her grip on my cock and I tried to concentrate on loosening my ass for Julie's finger. I began to indulge myself on the fake cock. I was sucking it deeper and deeper, licking the side and running my tongue around the head of it and then plunging it deep into my mouth again. I began to move it in and out, like I was giving a real blow job and I didn't feel self-conscious about it one damn bit.

Julie's finger was now plunging in and out of my ass easily. The lube was miraculous – it had a very pleasant Plum smell and was thicker than other lubes we had used before now. I relaxed myself and made an effort to open up to her, and it was working. She slipped another finger in me and was now as fucking me with two fingers, stopping every now and then to press into my prostrate. I fucking loved it. When she added a third finger, it was effortless for me and actually increased my excitement considerably.

I have to commend Julie on the idea for a blindfold, too. It took all the visual distractions away so that I really could concentrate on the whole experience. I would have been looking straight up into the ceiling light and at Cathy's naked body or at Julie, but, this way, I could just relax and submit to the feelings as they occurred. On top of that, I got the feeling that I was free to let go and enjoy everything – there was no way to see their expressions or how they reacted to things. It was absolutely the best.

Finally, Julie announced I was ready. I was so relaxed that I only felt the gentle gliding of her fingers as they left my ass. I felt her shift and move in between my upturned knees and then press her cock against my bottom. She rubbed it around my hole to find the point of entry and then she smoothly started to slide herself in, stopping after a couple of inches to ask "You doing okay?"

"Oh, hell yes," I answered, "this feels better than any other time we've done this. Don't stop now, Babe, I want to feel like I'm being fucked."

"Oh, Greg, are you getting impatient?" Julie asked. "Do I detect a little desire in your voice? Well, I already told you I was going to make love to you slowly and warmly. Cathy's the one you better be nice to, Dear...... she's the one that gets to give you a full deep fucking."

Julie's cock felt wonderful as it glided in and out of me. Hearing her say that Cathy was going to give me a 'full deep fucking' made me want to open my ass up even more and take whatever they could give me.

I felt Julie shift her weight and start to push into me in earnest. Deeper and deeper I felt her cock go. I waited for the point where it was uncomfortable or started to hurt, but, it never came. I felt her lay down on top of me, between my legs, putting all her weight on me. "Are you all the way in?" I asked.

"Oh yeah, little Panty Boy," she answered, "I'm in you to the hilt. You okay?"

My ass was accommodating the full length of the dildo and even with her laying on top of me, I was fine – it was fucking amazing. "Uh-huh," I answered, "Oh, this feels so nice... go ahead, Babe, I'm loving this."

With her body still lying on top of me, I felt her hips start to pull back and then push back into my bottom. Excitement and passion raced through my veins when I realized she was really fucking me, I mean...... she was fucking me like a man would fuck a woman. I was open and wet and ready for her cock and I was taking it. I could take her whole length and it was great. I had to shift my body some to adjust my legs so they wouldn't get tired, but, I held them up and open, giving her access to my ass, enjoying the feeling of being penetrated. I had no idea this would or could be this good.

As she made love to me, she was whispering "Oh, you like that, don't you? I knew you would, Honey... doesn't it feel good to be fucked like this? Now you know exactly how I feel, huh? Come on, let me see you suck that cock some more, then we can let Cathy really fuck your ass."

She didn't have to ask again. I put the cock back into my mouth and began to think about pictures I saw on the internet where a girl was fucking some guy while blowing another guy. I kept that vision in my mind and tried to do the same thing. I started to try to deep-throat the dildo while she made love to my ass. Once or twice she pushed herself up and Cathy got her hand back on my cock and jacked me for a minute.

"Greg," Cathy told me, "your cock is making a huge pool of pre-cum all over your stomach. It's like running out of you."

"Oh, fuck yeah," Julie panted, "rub that dildo he's sucking in his pre-cum and let him suck it off."

I felt Cathy take the dildo from my hands and rub it on my belly. Around and around she twisted it, coating it with as much pre-cum as she could. "Here," Cathy said, "try this now."

She placed the dildo back in my hand and I sucked it greedily. I could taste my own pre-cum and it got me so hot and excited......... I started to feel like I was getting close to cuming and I warned Julie, moaning to her "It feels like I'm getting ready to cum, Babe..."

Julie immediately stopped her movements. She was panting slightly and I could feel her arms shaking under her weight. "What?" She asked, "did you say you were gonna cum?"

"I'm not shitting you, Babe," I answered, "it felt like I was going to start to cum."

"Damn," she said, "well... I'm glad you said something. We need to give Cathy her turn..... and then, Darling, only after that can we let you cum. And we're going to make you cum harder than you have ever cum before."

I felt Julie pull out of my bottom. "You're ass is so open," she said, "and you're doing so good. Do you want to relax your legs while Cathy gets ready to give you a good solid fucking?"

My legs were a little tired so I laid them down on the bed. Cathy patted my chest and said "Greg, that's the single most erotic thing I've ever seen in my life. I have to tell you that I've never had it up the butt, but, after seeing that, I'm definitely going to have to try it."

I felt Cathy get up from where she was lying beside me and get off the bed. I listened to them swap the strap-on from Julie to Cathy and giggle like little girls. Cathy was completely blown away by what she saw and kept saying "I can't believe all of this.... You guys are so hot."

Julie told me she was going to put some more lube on me and asked me to lift my knees again. When I did, I heard both of them gasp. "You're ass is still wide open, Greg," Julie said, "Just lay still and I'll squirt some of this lube stuff in you."

I felt the momentary coldness of the lube and her finger massaging it into my ass hole. My cock jumped again and they started to giggle once more. I mentally started to prepare myself to get a good ass fucking – and I was looking forward to it. Julie's love making to my ass was deep and gentle and I so much wanted her to thrust hard into me, really give me a good fucking, but, she said she was going to let Cathy do that, so I was trying to get ready for it. I wanted it, too.... Oh, how I wanted her to get in me and fuck me for all she was worth..... to make me her little panty slut and fuck my ass hard.

I was surprised when Julie came up next to the side of the bed close to where I way lying. "Here," she said, "move a little more this way so you're closer to the edge." Her hands guided me and when I laid my head down, I could tell I was right on the edge of the bed now. She put the dildo I had been consuming in my hand and said "Go ahead my little cock sucker, get started on that and we'll get her into you."

I put the dildo back in my mouth and started to move it in and out, like I was giving a real blow job. "Oh, that's nice, Greg," Julie commented, "yes, suck that cock just like that. Pretend it's a real cock and show me how well you would suck it." I heard the girls giggle again and then felt Cathy get between my legs.

"Let me help," Julie said as she moved to help Cathy, "move up a little more...... a little more......"

I felt the cock make contact with my bottom and push into me about an inch. There was a long pause while I felt Cathy shift and get her self ready. "Are you ready, my little cock sucker?" Julie asked.

Without taking the dildo out of my mouth, I nodded that I was ready. I felt Cathy push into me very slowly... all the way until I could feel the harness of the strap-on against my butt cheeks. "I hope this isn't it," I thought, "where's my good hard fucking?"

Cathy must have heard my thoughts because as she pulled back and her next thrust was faster and a little firmer. Her pace increased slowly and steadily, passing the rate and firmness that Julie had fucked me.

In the mean time, Julie had moved back to the side of the bed. I felt one of her hands start to stroke my hair and the other rubbing my nipples.

"Greg," she said, "this is it now, you're almost done. Are you ready to be fucked hard?"

I nodded again, and when I did, Cathy's pace picked up considerably. She was pushing into me faster and harder. I began to feel and hear the slap of the strap-on harness against my ass. I was still completely comfortable with no pain at all coming from my ass. It was good...... no, it was fucking fantastic.

I felt Julie's lips on my forehead and she started to kiss me. She was caressing my chest and my face while Cathy pumped her cock into me – and what a great job she was doing now. I was finally getting fucked hard. I found myself lost in a sea of feelings and emotions that would be impossible to quantify if I was ever asked to tell someone what I was feeling. I let myself slide into the beauty of it all and let myself be royally and gloriously fucked.

"Honey," Julie said softly in my ear, "I'm going to take the dildo from you now." I felt her hand on top of mine as she stopped me from moving the dildo in and out of my mouth. Then, as she pulled it away from my lips, she replaced it with her kiss. I can't tell you what I felt while she was kissing me..... it was a combination of caring, protection, admiration and love all at one time.

I felt her hands stroke and hold the side of my face as she spoke to me saying "You really got into sucking that, huh?"

I was so transfixed on the feeling of Cathy's cock causing these unreal sensations deep in my ass that I couldn't answer her, I could only nod 'yes' to her question.

"I'm so glad, Baby..... do you want to suck again?" She asked. "Yes." I moaned

I felt her turn my head toward the side of the bed and I knew she was going to hold the cock for me to suck. "Open up, Baby.... It's time."

I opened my mouth wide and felt it go in between my lips. Almost immediately, I knew this wasn't the dildo I had been sucking. I yanked my head back as soon I could, but, Julie's hands were there to hold me on it. She held my head as the cock pushed deeper past my lips. It was warm. "OH MY GAWD!" My mind cried out, "It's a real cock! There's some guy here now and his cock is in my mouth!"

"Come on, Baby," Julie said, "Don't back out now..... it's what you wanted... it's what you asked for.... You've done the rest, now you have to do this if you truly want to be my Panty Boy..... Make me proud, Baby.... Come on.... Suck his cock and make him cum in your mouth."

As she spoke, I shed all my inhibitions and made a decision to suck this cock like a pro. I took a second to feel it in my mouth..... it was warm and small, in fact much smaller than any of the dildos I had sucked. The texture of it was surprising, too.... It was hard, but it was also soft.... with kind of a soft spongy covering over a hard center. I opened up my mouth and gobbled it in. My nose buried itself in this person's pubic hair and it was at that exact instant that I realized this must be a very small cock. It was shorter and not nearly as thick as any of the dildos we had. I could easily take the whole cock in my mouth without any problems at all. I reached out my hand to cup his balls and fondle them while I started to stretch my head out to suck him up and down. I felt him move closer to the side of the bed, making it easier for me to bob up and down on him.

Seeing I was getting into it, Julie released the pressure on the back of my head. "That's it, Baby," Julie said, "show me what a good cock-sucker you are.... Stay on him and make him cum in your mouth..... then we'll know what a good cock-sucker you are."

I must have been doing a good job because he started to moan. "Come on, Baby," Julie urged me, "I'll jack you while you finish him...... he's almost there..... then let him cum in your mouth."

Julie's hand went to my cock and started jerking me. I started to lose my ability to sort out the different sensations I was experiencing and everything seemed to run together – my whole body disobeying my attempts to figure out what was happening. Between Cathy's relentless pounding of my bottom, and Julie's stroking of my own cock and the feeling of a real cock in my mouth, I wasn't sure how much longer I could stay focused.

"Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck," I finally heard him say, then he followed with, "I'm gonna cum soon...."

I felt Julie's hand on the back of my head again, as if she was going to keep me from pulling off the cock. She didn't know it, but, there was no need to force me now. There was no fucking way I was going to stop. I'd worked too hard on this cock to pull it out now – I worked too hard to get this chance and I wasn't going to give up like that. I wanted his cum badly..... I wanted to show Julie I could suck a cock and could make him cum.

I didn't have to wait long, either. He pushed his cock into me deeply and then began to shoot his cum down my throat. I felt the warmth of his jism coat my mouth and slither down my throat. As I closed my lips around his member, I felt it twitch, swell and contract as wave after wave of cum shot into me. Holding his cock with both of my hands now, I tried desperately to feel his shaft and get a sense of how big he was. As I tried, he slipped from my mouth and some of his cum shot on my face, nose and lips. I opened my mouth to put his erupting cock back inside and let him finish cumming.

I held the spent cock in my mouth for a minute while he caught his breath and regained his balance. When he started to pull back, I tried to keep the cock in my mouth, but he pulled it free. I felt a void where his cock had been, but it was immediately filled with Julie's tongue as she kissed me and then licked the semen from my face, sharing it with me as we kissed.

I hadn't realized it, but Cathy's thrusting had stopped. Her cock was still in me.... however, she wasn't moving at all. After a minute, I felt her move, slipping the cock from my bottom and move out from between my legs. Then, two pairs of hands straightened my legs out and laid them slowly down. I felt myself being shifted and pulled to the center of the bed, and I wiggled myself in that direction until they let go of me.

Julie bent down and whispered in my ear "Just relax now, Baby..... just rest like that for a few minutes."

Then, there was total silence. There were no sounds to hear, no one to feel and I knew the room was empty, except for me. I strained to try to hear or sense something, but there was nothing, just the sound of my breathing and the pounding of my heart.

Finally, I heard some faint whispering and the sound of our front door opening and then quickly closing. Then, there was nothing but silence again. I gave up trying to figure out what was going on and instead, I forced myself to relax.

I was floating in the afterglow of my experience when I felt movement first on one side of the bed and then on the other side. Julie's voice, now soft and very close to me said "Lift your head up."

As I did, I felt her hands release the blindfold and pull it away. As I opened my eyes, the room was barely lit. Trying to regain focus, I turned to my right to see Julie lying naked next to me and Cathy lying naked on the other side. Both of them had warm smiles on their faces as they greeted me back from my incredible experience.

I started to say something, but Julie put her finger to my lips to stop me. "Shhh," she said, "I just want you to rest for a little while, then Cathy and I are going to take care of you. There's plenty of time for talking later..... you just rest for a while and we'll be right here next to you when you're ready for us."

I felt Cathy move up next to me, snuggling her naked body against mine. Her breasts were touching my arm and she traced her hand over my stomach and laid it down on my softening cock. Julie moved closer to me, too and lay against me as well, pushing her pussy against my leg. Laying her hand on top of Cathy's, they both held and gently stroked my cock.

I closed my eyes and let myself start to drift away. Julie nuzzled her head against mine and I head her whisper in my ear, "I love you, Greg, and I'm so proud of you."

End of Chapter 7. In the next two chapters, now that his training has been completed, Greg finally has his Fantasy Weekend.
