My Kinky Daddy Ch. 01
byRandomAuthor©

I was staying with my Aunt Jane in St. Louis for a few days. I was there to be a bridesmaid in my sorority sister's wedding, and since I hadn't seen my Aunt for a year or so, I called and asked if I could stay at her house while I was in town for the wedding. "Of course!" Aunt Jane howled into the phone. "I've got a guest bedroom that never gets used. I'd love to have you for as long as you can stay!"

Aunt Jane had turned into somewhat of a surrogate mother for me after my real Mom died. She came to stay with Daddy and me for several weeks after the accident, and it was during that time I really got to know her and appreciate what she did for us after Mom passed away.

I liked Aunt Jane because she had a reputation of being a little wild; sort of a hippy kind of girl. She's my Dad's twin sister – and my only Aunt. And while my father is very much the reserved, polished, professional kind of business man, Aunt Jane was unpredictable, exciting and a bit crazy. For example, the first night I was in town, we stayed up until after midnight drinking shots of tequila as I told her all about college grad school and everything going on in my life.

The next day while she was at work, I found a box under the bed in the guest room labeled "Mark's Stuff" and thinking I'd find some old keepsakes and pictures of my Dad when he was a kid, I sat down on the floor and opened up the box. To say I was utterly shocked and stunned by the contents of the box would be a huge understatement.

Now, I'm no prude and I realize perfectly normal people can have unusual sexual desires and fetishes, but, I wasn't ready for what I saw. First, there were various lingerie items in the box – regular panties, frilly panties, crotchless panties, lacy bras and open cup bras. There were dildos, vibrators, butt plugs and even a strap-on harness and a paddle. Under the lingerie, there were several VHS video tapes neatly stacked with dates that were between fifteen and twenty five years old, and way down at the bottom of the box was a large brown padded envelope, obviously stuffed full of something. I probably should have just closed up the box and put it back under the bed, but, knowing Aunt Jane was gone and wouldn't be back for several hours, my curiosity got the best of me and I opened the padded envelope and looked inside to see what was in there.

What I found was hundreds of poloroid instant pictures, methodically arranged in bundles of ten pictures each with rubber bands around them. I sat there with my jaw open as I began to look through some of the pictures. It only took a matter of seconds for me to realize these were very private pictures – private pictures of my father from his college days, and pictures I was absolutely sure he wouldn't want me to see.

A mix of confusion and curiosity kept me looking, though. I was aghast to see picture after shameful picture of my father, and it was plainly obvious that he was naked and masturbating in front of the camera. Not just that, but many of the pictures showed him in embarrassing and humiliating poses; dressed in frilly panties, or bent over lewdly, being touched anally, and even being spanked. A little further into the stacks of pictures, he was photographed standing in front of a group girls with a pair of panties around his knees and he was obviously in the process of stroking himself. A picture or two later, I could easily recognize my (then) college aged mother and Aunt Jane, who were part of that group of girls. A jolt of electricity shot up my spine with the realization my father had been naked and masturbated himself in front of his own sister, my mother and who knows how many other college girls.

As I looked through the rest of the pictures, it became obvious that my mother and my Aunt Jane must have been present many different times when my father was photographed doing these things. There were pictures of Aunt Jane and my mother spanking him while other women watched, and a whole series of pictures with my father masturbating himself no more than a few inches from their faces. I literally dropped the pictures on the floor when I came across a picture of my naked father standing in front of several women while my Aunt Jane's fingers were obviously imbedded deeply into Daddy's butt. In each of the pictures, the women were smiling or laughing, and in all the pictures, my Dad appeared to be the center of attention.

There were other pictures, too – pictures of my naked father standing around with a beer bottle in his hand, talking and socializing with women. In some of them, his cock was hard and his erection pointed out in front of him as they seemingly chatted so nonchalantly. There were no other men in any of the pictures and as I looked through many bundles of pictures, four things were abundantly clear to me:

First, my Mom and Aunt Jane seemed to be the most prominent players in whatever activities were unfolding there. They were in most of the pictures; standing close to him – either in front or in back of him. Sometimes they were holding his penis or his balls, and in other pictures, they would be spanking him or in some way touching him in a personal and sexual way.

Second, my Father didn't seem to be putting up any kind of resistance at all. In fact, it looked like he was a very willing participant. Curiously, in almost every picture, there was a piece of lingerie involved. He was either wearing something, or, there were a pair of panties wrapped around his erection, over his face, or one of the women was rubbing him with something silky or taunting him with some kind of lingerie.

Thirdly, my Aunt didn't seem to have any qualms about seeing, touching or even sucking her brother – my father. In several pictures, my mother was photographed holding my father's hard cock while my Aunt kissed or sucked the head of his cock.

And lastly, I was both shocked and impressed by Daddy's majestic penis. I mean, my father had a seriously nice looking cock. You might think that would be a horrible thing for a daughter to say about her father, but, it's true. Honestly, his cock looked beautiful in those pictures – perfectly formed with a slight upward bend, and incredibly hard. Plus, I didn't overlook the fact he was easily eight inches long, if not longer.

Father or not, as I sat there looking through those pictures and the situations between my Mom, my aunt and my father, I had to admit I was getting turned on by what I was looking at. And, I had to admit to myself I was deeply affected on so many different levels. I have always been turned on by the thought of having a well built man masturbate to completion right in front of me – as if he was doing it purely for my enjoyment alone. Plus, what woman in her right mind wouldn't get excited over such a nice, rigid cock? It didn't matter to me that the cock making me wet was my father's, and judging from the pictures, Aunt Jane didn't appear to be bothered by the fact that the penis in her hands or, in her mouth was her brother's penis.

I simply couldn't get over how proud and beautiful Daddy's cock looked in those pictures! I've always fantasized about having unfettered access to a nice, hard cock to touch and look at. Nothing would please me more than to have a naked man, sporting a nice erection, displaying himself to me and letting me look at him as much as I wanted. I wouldn't need for there to be any words between us – no talk about love or infatuation – just the naked male and his hard, throbbing, dripping erection for me alone. What could be better?

So, in as much as I shouldn't have been turned on by pictures of my naked father, the truth is that I was incredibly aroused, and without another second of thought, I pushed my shorts down and started to rub myself feverishly between my legs. Lying back on the carpet with my legs spread wide, I held up one of the nastiest pictures and stared at it. The picture showed my mother holding a pair of panties to my father's face as he stroked his cock while my Aunt held the head of his penis in her mouth. Throwing out the last ounce of social acceptance in my mind, I stared at that picture as my fingers rubbed my moist pussy through my panties.

I began to imagine the panties being held to my father's face in the picture were my own panties – the ones I was rubbing and drenching right now. I imagined my mother holding them to his face and whispering nasty things in his ear as I knelt in front of him and held my own father's cock between my lips. She'd be saying things to him like, "Smell your daughter's panties, Mark," and asking him, "Do you like the smell of Emma's pussy, honey?" She'd be urging him to stroke himself off into my mouth and I'd be patiently waiting for him to cum. I wouldn't be sucking him - I'd just be waiting for him to make himself cum as he sniffed my panties and masturbated into my mouth.

Growing up at home with my parents, I was never really aware of my father's attraction to lingerie until I was in my last year of high school. I knew Mom was always buying new lingerie and I knew she used to model her bras and panties for him at night after I went to bed, but, I never thought much about it. After I graduated and turned eighteen, though, Mom seemed to be a little more daring around me.

I could always tell when Mom was being playful because she'd find some reason to walk around the house in just a tight t-shirt and a pair of skimpy panties. Each time she did it, I could feel the excitement grow between them as she fluttered around in front of him until they'd finally disappear into their bedroom and I wouldn't see them again until the next morning. I remember Mom once told me that all men were attracted to a woman in nice lingerie. "They can't resist it." She'd tell me. "They're like little boys in a candy store."

And, I found Mom's advice about bras and panties to be absolutely true. Not only did nice underwear make me feel prettier, it also made me feel sexier and I learned over time how to take full advantage of my lingerie with the guys I was really interested in. However, never once had I considered teasing my own father, and even though he'd seen me in my bra and panties numerous times around the house, I never once felt he was looking at me "like that", especially since I knew he loved my Mom so much.

But now, as I was lying on my back with my knees pulled up and my fingers shamelessly stroking my panty covered pussy, I was thinking about him...... about him sniffing my panties and stroking his beautiful cock while he inhaled my feminine scent.

I came to a thundering orgasm staring at the picture, and my fingers were literally drenched with the wetness that flowed out of my over heated vagina. And, as I lie there trying to catch my breath, I wondered what was on those old video tapes that were in the box. After all, I'd already seen the vibrators, dildos, butt plugs and pictures – what harm could there be in looking at the video tapes?

Sitting up, I reached into the box and pulled out several of the video tapes and looked at them. With the exception of a hand written date, none of the tapes were labeled. I shuffled them around to find the oldest one, thinking I might as well take a peek at them one at a time, from the beginning. As I stood up from the floor, my heart was fluttering wildly knowing I was going to boldly walk directly into Aunt Jane's living room and put the tape into her VCR player and hopefully stretch out on the floor in front of her TV and rub myself to another wonderful orgasm as I watched, what I hoped, was a video of the same kind of thing I saw in the pictures.

But, I froze solid when I turned and saw my Aunt Jane standing firmly in the doorway of the guest room with her arms crossed in front of her chest.

"I knew I should have moved that box." Aunt Jane said as she looked past me gazing at the pictures strewn out all over the floor, and, the opened box where she could clearly see I'd touched and handled each of the dildo's, vibrators and butt plugs.

"I..... uh...... found the box under the bed and thought it might have old pictures of my Dad..... and, uh....." I stammered.

Aunt Jane reached out to take the VHS tape from my hands. "Emma," she said, holding the tape up in front of me, "this isn't a Disney movie, you know. But, you probably figured that out already, didn't you?"

"I'm sorry for snooping, Aunt Jane." I sighed. "I didn't know what was in there and once I opened the box, I simply couldn't just close it back up. It's like I was hooked, or something."

"Emma, don't misunderstand me. I'm not going to lecture you." She replied. "You're a big girl now and I can't change the fact that you found your father's private things. I wish it hadn't happened, but, I can't change any of that now. I suspect you've already seen too much for me to ignore it, though."

My Aunt stepped past me and dropped the tape she took from me into the box and pulled out a different one. "Here." She said, as she handed it to me. "This is the tape from the night your Mom and Dad met. If you're going to watch any of those tapes, you should probably see this one first."

Hesitantly, I reached out and took the tape from her. "Go ahead," she added, "there's nothing on here I'm ashamed of. But, if you watch it, you need to be ready to accept what you see. And, if I ever find out you held any of this against your father, ridiculed him or persecuted him for it, I am going to be very upset with you. Understand?"

I nodded my head and looked up at her. Then surprisingly, she smiled and stepped up next to me, put her arms around my shoulders and hugged me. "Come in with me while I change out of my work clothes and let's talk first, then we'll watch it together."

The look in Aunt Jane's eyes was remarkably calm. She seemed at ease, and as I made a move to bend down to pick up my shorts, she said, "You don't need your shorts, Emma. It's too late to be worried about your modesty. I already saw you touching yourself."

I blushed a beet red color with the knowledge she'd seen me rubbing myself through my panties. When she saw me turn red, she chuckled and said, "Don't worry about it, Sweetie. Every time I open that box I do the same thing, too." Then after a short pause, she smiled up at me and whispered, "If you thought the pictures were hot, just wait until you see the tapes."

Aunt Jane took my hand and led me into her bedroom and sat me down on the bed. As she started to unbutton her blouse, she looked at me and said "Since you've already seen the pictures, I might as well tell you how it all happened."

"It all started back when your father and I were in high school." Aunt Jane began. "It was the very end of our senior year, just after our eighteenth birthday if I remember correctly, and your father stayed home one day because he said he was sick. I'm sure he expected he'd be alone all day, but, right before lunch time that day, the power went out all over the school and they sent us home early."

"My friend Becky came home with me, and when we got to our house, Becky and I found your father lying on the bed in my room with a pair of my panties held to his nose, and he was masturbating like a crazy man." She went on to tell me, "He was lying there, completely naked, jerking himself for two or three minutes before he knew we were watching him. And when he finally saw us, he didn't have anything to cover himself with except my panties."

Aunt Jane went on to tell me how he pushed his way past them and ran out of her room, taking her panties with him. "Becky and I had never seen a guy masturbating," she told me, "so we told your father we'd keep quiet about it if he'd let us watch him do it..... you know, all the way – until he ejaculated."

I gasped when she said that, visualizing in my mind what it would be like to actually have a guy do that right in front of me. Aunt Jane chuckled when she saw my reaction. "You can't blame us for wanting to watch him, Emma." She said. "I'm sure you saw for yourself how big your father's penis is, and this was the chance of a lifetime for us."

"Well, he reluctantly agreed to do it." My Aunt explained as she stepped out of her slacks and stood in just her underpants. "We promised him we'd never say anything to anyone as long as he jerked himself for us and made himself cum."

"So, for the next thirty minutes, we made him stand in front of us while Becky and I sat on my bed and watched him do it. We made him start and stop several times, and each time he stopped stroking himself, we'd make him put his hands behind his back and we'd bend forward and get a close look at his cock. Becky wanted to see him actually sniffing my panties, so we made him hold them up to his nose and stroke himself some more while he smelled them." Aunt Jane said.

"After a while, though, he wouldn't stop jerking himself when we told him to stop." Aunt Jane said with a huge smile on her face. "We kept telling him to stop, but, he ignored us and kept on masturbating. He was like a wild man, Emma," she said, "he was inching closer and closer to the bed and we were leaning closer and closer out to him and then all of a sudden, he literally exploded, shooting these long globs of sperm all over my carpet and all over the two of us."

"Neither Becky or I was expecting anything like that, and we were both caught off guard by the amount of cum that came out of that monster in his hands." She said as she giggled. "We yelled at him to get out and then we both cracked up and rolled off the bed because we were laughing so hard. It was totally hilarious, Emma, I mean we were covered with little drops of sperm and laughing so hard I thought I was going to pee my pants right there."

Aunt Jane told me it was Becky's idea to tell him they'd have to punish him for spraying sperm all over them, so a week later, they gave him the bad news.

"I told him he'd have to let us spank him and then he'd have to masturbate for us again as punishment for spraying us with his cum. If he didn't do it, we'd tell all our friends how we caught him sniffing my panties and jerking his cock. Of course," Aunt Jane said, "he didn't want us to say anything, so he agreed to let us spank him and then after the spanking, he would jerk himself for us one more time and that would be the end of it."

"We spanked him the next day after school," Aunt Jane continued, "Becky made him take his clothes off in front of us, put on a pair of her panties and wear them while he got his spanking, telling him it was fair punishment considering what he'd been doing when we first caught him. He tried to talk us out of it, but, wanting to get it over with, he reluctantly agreed. The only thing was, while he was getting undressed, his cock started out soft, but the instant he pulled those panties up his legs, his cock got as hard as a steel rod."

"Becky started teasing him, asking him if he liked wearing panties. We were both laughing and watching his cock get harder and harder - pointing to his erection trying to poke through the fabric of the panties. Emma, the look on your father's face was priceless." My Aunt told me. "It was the ultimate mixture of humiliation and excitement, and I knew Becky was right. Your Dad was definitely excited to be wearing those panties."

Aunt Jane told me they teased him incessantly while they watched and giggled, but fearing they were running out of time, they made him get down on his hands and knees and they each took turns spanking him, taking five swats at a time until they had spanked him about thirty times on his panty covered butt.

Apparently, he stayed perfectly still and took his spanking like a man, but, as soon as the spanking was over, he suddenly collapsed into a ball on her floor and started to cry real tears.

"Well, I never expected he'd start to cry." Aunt Jane went on to tell me. "I didn't think we spanked him that hard."

She felt bad about the way they'd teased and humiliated him, so Aunt Jane asked Becky to leave and she tried to console her embarrassed and humiliated brother. She told me he cried for a few more minutes, and after she apologized profusely a number of times, he abruptly got up and started to leave the room without even looking at her.

Aunt Jane said she realized as soon as he started to cry they had probably pushed him too far. She was sincerely trying to apologize to him when she noticed the front of his panties were soaking wet. He was extremely humiliated and embarrassed, making her promise she'd never tell Becky he'd gotten so worked up that he ejaculated inside her panties while he was being spanked.

"And that was the first time I ever spanked your father." Aunt Jane said. "That same night, though, our parents went grocery shopping after dinner and as soon as they left, I offered him a pair of my panties to masturbate with if he'd let me watch while he did it. And Emma," Aunt Jane said, making a point to get my attention, "that night was the start of a pretty regular routine where I'd let him have my worn panties and he'd put on a show for me."

"We both enjoyed it, Emma," Aunt Jane explained, "I loved seeing him do it and he loved sniffing my panties and jerking off in front of me. A month later, I pleaded with him to let Becky come over again and watch and he said she could if she brought him a pair of her worn panties. After that, it wasn't long before we were including another one of Becky's friends in our little game, and then another one my friends joined us, too. There were only two rules – the girls had to bring some nice panties he could sniff and keep, and everyone had to swear an oath not to ever tell anyone what we were doing."

"We never once forced him, Emma, I assure you. He loved doing it for us." Aunt Jane explained to me. "And we loved watching him. Sometimes he'd stay naked with us for hours at a time, flaunting himself and wagging that cock of his back and forth in front of us. We eventually expanded our games to where we started dressing him in bras and panties, and he really got off on that. Then, we started putting things in his butt, giving him spankings and making him do all kinds of embarrassing things – and he loved it. We all kept it quiet and no one ever knew what we were doing."

Aunt Jane turned and walked to her closet, slid open the door and pulled out a t-shirt. Then turning toward me, she reached behind her back and unclasped her bra. As her bra fell away, I couldn't help but stare at her large, floppy breasts and the big, dark nipples that anointed each one. Then, as I watched, she brought her hands up and cradled her breasts in the palms of her hands and tweaked her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers.

"I hate wearing a bra." Aunt Jane said as I looked up at her. I admit I'd been gawking at her breasts, and I must have had a shocked look on my face when she openly began to pinch those dark nipples because she smiled at me and said, "Oh, don't be so shocked, Emma. You'll never be able to get through watching those tapes if you can't deal with a little nudity. Besides," she continued, "we're both girls here, you know."

With that, Aunt Jane reached for her t-shirt and pulled it over her head and then down to her waist. Turning to look at herself in her mirror, she sneered at me playfully and said, "I'd give anything to have an ass like yours, though. Years ago," she added, slapping her buns with both hands, "I was nice and tight back here like you are."

I turned red again and felt a little self-conscious, but, Aunt Jane reached her hand out to me and told me she was sorry for embarrassing me. "Come on," she continued, "let's go watch that tape."

I sat down on the couch as Aunt Jane pushed the tape into the video player. "I think this night was the fourth time we'd used a video camera for our little get-togethers, and it was the first time your Mom came." Aunt Jane explained as she turned and came to sit next to me. "By this time, we had a group of six or seven girls that were regulars. Your father would drive up to the college on a Friday afternoon and then we'd go over to the sorority house that night."

"I swear," Aunt Jane said, as she broke into a huge smile, "your father really got off on being naked in front of a group of girls. He'd do anything if we gave him a pair of panties we'd worn, and, he really enjoyed being tied up." Aunt Jane added. "We had this little wooden table we used to make him bend over. We'd tie his arms and legs wide open to the table legs and take turns using a dildo, or a strap-on on him."

I looked at Aunt Jane and my jaw dropped. "No way." I replied.

"I'm completely serious!" Aunt Jane exclaimed. "We were always careful to lube him up really good and we never used anything big on him, but, he loved it the attention and the humiliation, Emma. Every time we did it, he'd moan and beg for it just like a little slut."

"I never knew about any of this." I said, shaking my head. "I mean, I guess I knew they had a good sex life, but I never knew Daddy was so kinky."

"Emma," Aunt Jane said, as she held up her hand with a serious look on her face, "Your father is a really good man. He was a wonderful, devoted husband to your Mom, and a terrific father to you. I hope you'll respect your father's privacy and the memory of your mother by keeping all this to yourself."

I nodded my head and told her I understood. "But," I added, "It's just so hard to believe he did all that stuff."

"Listen," she said, looking right at me, "you probably don't realize what you'd do if it felt good enough."

"Okay." Aunt Jane said, continuing what she'd been saying, "Where was I?"

"Oh, yes..... your mother and I had a class and a lab together, and I'd invited her to come to our little events a couple of times before, but she didn't believe that we actually had a guy who would strip down, let us spank him and do things to him and then jerk himself off for us. But this time when I invited her, she took me up on it, and it was almost love at first sight for those two. You'll see."

About that time, the tape had loaded and started to play. At first, all I saw was a wall covered with pictures, but then the camera moved and I saw my father sitting in a chair with a beer can in his hand. A split second later, I heard a door open and what sounded like a heard of giggling girls came in the room. I knew this had to be around 1984 or 1985, because my parents were married in early 1986 and I was born in 1987. So, I knew I was looking at my father probably 24 years ago. He had to be about twenty years old then and I had to laugh at his shoulder length hair, ball cap and levis.

"He was so cute." Aunt Jane said as she leaned over and nudged me with her elbow. "All the girls always said he was. And when he took his clothes off, with that rippled chest, he looked like one of those male strippers."

After a minute or two, the camera panned over to the girls and I saw my mother standing there demurely amongst them. My eyes began to water as I looked at her. She looked so young, maybe twenty or so, and knowing I was about to see my Mom and Dad at the moment they first met, I felt my throat choke up and a tear rolled down my face.

I felt Aunt Jane's arm reach around my shoulders and pull me toward her. "I know, Baby." She said softly. "I feel like crying when I see videos and pictures of her, too. Your father loved her so much, Emma, and so did I. We all did."

I lay against her shoulder as we watched the video. The first few minutes were just the girls and my father joking around, opening beers and talking. Then, I saw my father walk up to my mother and I instantly saw my Mom's reaction – the way she smiled at him and the way she looked up into his eyes. I giggled to myself as I watched them flirt back and forth, but it only lasted a few minutes before I heard my Aunt's voice on the tape and saw the camera turn until she was in the camera's view.

"Okay," I heard my Aunt Jane say, "it's time to get started. You girls know the rules – if you're going to stay for the fun, you have to donate a pair of your panties."

"Did you give Daddy your panties, too?" I asked.

"Of course!" Aunt Jane said without looking at me. "He always got two or three pairs from me. Why do you think he'd come up early on Fridays? We'd always get a chance to play by ourselves before our get-togethers."

"What?" I gasped, turning to look at her.

"Uh huh." Aunt Jane replied. "Couldn't you tell from those pictures you looked at?"

"You mean you and Daddy.... uh, you, uh.... did it?"

"You mean had sex?" She answered, raising her eyebrows and acting surprised. "Of course we did, Emma. He was my first, and I was his. Didn't you see the pictures of us in bed?"

"No!" I exclaimed.

"Oh, my gosh." Aunt Jane replied. "I thought for sure you'd seen them. There's a stack of pictures of me and your Dad, your Dad and your Mom, and even......"

Aunt Jane looked at me, searching my eyes for the right words to say.

"Even what?" I asked.

"Pictures of your Mom and me." Aunt Jane said. "In bed. Your father took them."

Okay, well – yes, I saw the pictures of my father with Aunt Jane on her knees in front of him sucking the tip of his cock, but, I just assumed that's as far as they'd gone together. But, to hear they'd been having sex – and to hear Aunt Jane and my Mom were having sex, that just about stopped my heart.

"Emma, maybe you didn't know, but, your mother was bi-sexual, and so am I." My Aunt explained. "We even had threesomes together. I thought you figured all that out from the pictures."

I turned to face her and said, "I didn't have time look at all the pictures. I only looked at some of them. But, you're saying my Mom was bi-sexual? Really...... you and her?"

"It's true, Emma." She answered with a somber look on her face. "We were last together just a couple of weeks before your Mom's accident..... all three of us. We'd been doing it together since we were in college."

I sat there and thought about what she said. Aunt Jane leaned forward to pick up the remote control, paused the video and turned toward me. "Listen, Sweetheart," she began, "I don't want you to get the wrong idea here. We were always faithful to each other. We loved each other, Emma. None of us – not me, your mother, or your father ever strayed or cheated. I loved both of them with all my heart and I loved having sex with them. There was no jealousy or resentment between us. We had sex with each other and together – the three of us. That's why I never married...... I always felt like I was married to them."

I sat in staggered silence as I took it all in. I knew Aunt Jane was close to Mom and Dad, but, I had no idea they were sex partners. Not that the idea of it sickened me, it was just a shock, especially with Dad's job and all the charity work Mom did.

"Can I see some of those pictures later?" I asked.

"Of course you can, Sweetie." She answered. "They're all in that box in the guest room."

"Hey!" She suddenly exclaimed. "I've got something I want to show you. It'll only take a few minutes."

Aunt Jane jumped up and went to a book case in her front room and pulled out a photo album and turned to look at me. "You remember what I said about being respectful of your father's feelings, right?" Aunt Jane said, as she hinted to me about keeping my mouth shut.

I nodded my head and she sat down next to me and opened up the front cover of the album and handed it to me. There were pages and pages of old pictures. The pictures weren't in any kind of order and some of them were even black and white. On the first page, there were pictures of both Daddy and Aunt Jane playing in the bathtub together as kids. Probably no more than eighteen months old twins, they were covered with bubbles from head to toe and there were several pictures of them playing around and splashing in the bubbles. They looked identical back then, and I smiled over at Aunt Jane as I pointed out the picture.

I sat there with the book on my lap and turned the pages as Aunt Jane sat next to me in silence. I immediately noticed there were a lot of pictures of little girls in play clothes, fancy dresses, swim suits and dance costumes. There were pictures of birthday parties with ten, or so, girls in party dresses and even pictures that looked like they were from holidays, vacations or family gatherings. I saw plenty of pictures of grandma and grandpa with the two little girls, but, no pictures of my father yet.

I came across a picture of two girls, probably eleven or twelve years old, at the beach in their swim suits. One of the girls was definitely my Aunt Jane, and as I looked at the other girl, it hit me. I quickly went back to the other pictures and looked closely at the faces in the pictures, and sure enough, I could recognize my Aunt Jane, and girl with her seemed to be in almost all the other pictures, too. After a few minutes of comparing faces and looking closely at the pictures, I was sure of it. That other girl in the pictures was definitely my father.

I looked over at my aunt and she gave me a slight grin and nodded her head. "Good job," Aunt Jane said, "most people would never have figured it out. That's your Dad."

It was nothing less than astonishing, and I had to look through the pictures a third and fourth time to really convince myself. Seeing my father, as a child, dressed in skirts and dresses, girl's bathing suits, tights, and dance costumes was just too weird, and my first thought was how awful it must have been for him to be dressed liked that by grandma and grandpa! But, Daddy didn't look mad in any of the pictures. In every picture, he was smiling, laughing and playing. I'd always heard everyone say how inseparable they were as kids – my Aunt Jane and my Dad, and, from the pictures it looked to be the truth.

"He never spoke about it much." My Aunt said to me. "About being dressed as a girl, I mean. Of course I knew, and he told your mother." Taking the book from my hands, she sat it on her lap and told the whole story.

Apparently, when they were about four years old, my grandparents took my father and Aunt Jane on a cross country road trip to California. When they stopped at the motel the first night, they discovered they had forgotten the suitcase with my father's clothes in it. Money was tight, and since they were twins and the same size, the logical solution was to have my father share Aunt Jane's clothes while they were on the trip. And, from what Aunt Jane said, every place they went, everyone said how cute the two little girls were.

After the trip, my father put up such a fuss when they tried to dress him in his boy clothes, they finally just let him wear Aunt Jane's clothes. He had to wear boy clothes when he went to school and when he'd be out where his friends would see him, but, when he was home, or out with just Aunt Jane, grandma and grandpa, he was allowed to dress as a girl.

Then, pausing for a second, she said, "Right after our eleventh birthday, Mom and Dad put a quick and abrupt end to us sharing clothes."

"Why? What happened?" I asked my aunt.

"Puberty happened." Aunt Jane sighed. "I started to fill out and I think our parents felt it was something they had to do. Your father didn't understand at all, though. It was really rough on him."

Aunt Jane went on to tell me they tried to make him switch over to boy clothes full time, but he resisted it. They bought him boy underwear and took away all his girl clothes. "They wouldn't even let him wear my pajamas any more." She said.

"I guess they were right to do it," Aunt Jane continued, "because we'd be starting middle school soon, and in middle school all the kids had to change into uniforms for PE class." She explained. "I'm sure they didn't want your father to be seen wearing panties by the other boys in PE room when they changed."

"It really hit him hard one day when Mom took me shopping and bought me a padded bra." My aunt said. "I mean, I came home from the store with my Mom and I was so excited. I showed it off to my Dad and your father and then ran upstairs to put it on. When I came out, I was strutting around and thrusting my chest out so proudly. Your father, though, was jealous and heartbroken. He went into his room and cried for hours."

I listened as Aunt Jane told me how she snuck into Daddy's room that night before they went to bed and left him her prized padded bra and a pair of new, matching panties under his pillow. She told me he was so happy the next morning when he gave them back to her. Aunt Jane's eyes got glossy and a tear ran down her cheek as she told me how he thanked her for sharing her new clothes. She smiled and wiped her eyes, saying, "After that, there were a couple of years we drifted apart." Aunt Jane told me. "But, by the time we got to high school we were close again."

"All in all," Aunt Jane said, "your father's been my best friend, my lover and the closest thing I'll ever have to a husband."

Listening to her tell me the story about her and my father, I was touched beyond words. I found myself wiping tears from the corners of my eyes and smiling at the bond of love between them as twins. They grew up together, wore the same clothes, and eventually gave their virginities to each other one hot summer day after they graduated from high school. How much more touching could it get? And it didn't bother me at all that my mother didn't have my father's love exclusively. From what Aunt Jane said, they were lovers together – all three of them.

I looked over at Aunt Jane and she burst out laughing, holding her palms up against her cheeks as if she was having a laughing attack.

"What's so funny?" I asked her.

"I just thought about something we did to him at one of our get togethers." She said, trying to catch her breath. "Actually, your mother did it...... it was hilarious."

"Well, what was it?" I asked, begging her to tell me.

"You're not going to believe we did this, but, I swear it true." She said. "You probably know your mother was an art major, and one night, she got us into the art lab with your father and we made a plaster copy of his cock!"

"What!" I exclaimed.

"It's the honest truth." Aunt Jane pledged. "Cross my heart, I swear it's true."

"Come on." I replied. "Really?"

"Uh huh." She answered. "Want to see it?"

"No way." I said. "You have it?"

"I sure do." She replied. "It's solid plaster and a perfect replica. I've even used it, to..... well..... you know."

"No!" I yelled. "You didn't!"

"It's in my bedroom." She said with a huge grin on her face and grabbing my hand. "I'll show you."

As we were walking back to her room, she told me how all the girls were always talking about how nice his cock was and how they'd love to have a dildo with his length and thickness. So, your Mom suggested it would be fun to make a plaster of paris copy of Daddy's penis when it was hard, and that's exactly what she did.

When we got to her bedroom, she pulled open a drawer in her dresser and dug around in the back of the drawer and pulled out a white, hard plaster cock. Then, smiling, she handed it to me. "There." She said, grinning at me. "You're holding your father's cock."

She ran into her bathroom and came out with an even bigger grin and told me to hold the hard cock up for her. Curiously, I did what she asked and when I did, she produced a foil wrapped condom and proceeded to unwrap it. Then, smiling up at me, she rolled the condom all the way down the shaft and stood back.

"It's plaster, so you have to put a condom on it if you want to really use it." She said. "It doesn't bend and it's hard as hell. But," She said, lifting her eyebrows, "It'll fill you up and I guarantee it's an exact replica of the real thing."

Taking the cock from my hands, she looked at me and moved the heavy cock to her mouth and began sucking it. Just the tip at first, but, after a few seconds, she put more of it in her mouth and then started to push it in and out of her lips as she looked at me.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My aunt was sucking an exact copy of Daddy's cock right in front of me. I knew Aunt Jane was a little crazy, but, this was way beyond that – this was almost insane.

"Here." She said, removing the cock from her mouth and handing it back to me. "Go ahead. Put it in your mouth."

"Oh, no!" I said. "That's supposed to be my father, remember?"

"Listen, Sweetie," She replied, "I saw you playing with your self when I got home, remember? You were looking at a picture of him with a hard-on, so don't tell me you weren't turned on."

"Go ahead." She urged me. "No one will ever know. Just try it and you'll see for yourself how big it feels in your mouth."

I can't believe I was even thinking about doing it. Maybe I'd just put the tip in my mouth and that would be enough. Yeah, it was big – and if it was really a perfect copy, it would easily be the biggest cock I'd ever had in my mouth, but, still – it made me uneasy because it was supposed to be my father's cock. .

And so, as she stood there grinning, I did it. I moved the cock up to my mouth and wrapped my lips around it – just around the head. As soon as I did, she held up her hand and said, "Now, keep it in there for a minute."

She moved behind me and bent her head down to my ear and started to whisper. "Emma, just imagine for a moment that's a real cock. Imagine that you've got that big, hard cock in your hands and your lips are around it. Can you feel the size of it in your mouth? Now, think how it would feel between your legs, filling you up. It's so good, Emma. It's so wonderful to get that feeling of being filled – feeling its girth up inside you."

Before I knew it, I was moving the cock in and out of my mouth as if I was giving it a blow job. I closed my eyes and felt the massive thing as it slipped between my lips and I realized she was right about one thing, it felt big – and I couldn't help but wonder how it would feel between my legs, plunging into me.

"That's it, Emma." She said softly. "Suck your Daddy's cock. Feel what your mother felt when she sucked him. Think about how much pleasure you'd be giving him and how much he needs you to make him cum."

By this time, I was really getting into it, sucking and slobbering all over that pole as it went in and out of my mouth. I was really getting into it when I felt her move away from me and it broke my concentration. I opened my eyes and pulled the cock from my mouth and saw her looking at me.

"It's thick, huh?" She asked. "Ever had a man that size?"

"No, are you kidding?" I replied. "It must be nine inches long."

"Uh huh," She answered, "that's just about right. About eight and a half, I think."

I blushed a deep red and handed the cock back to her. She smiled and I smiled back, but neither one of us said anything for several seconds.

"Come on, let's go watch that tape." Aunt Jane said.

We left her room together, but, as she walked ahead of me, I saw she still had the plaster cock in her hands and I wondered what she was doing. But, my question was answered quickly enough as we passed the bedroom where I was staying. She casually stepped inside the room and gently laid the cock on my bed without saying a word and then turning to face me, she hunched her shoulders and simply said, "For later."

That being said, she smiled and brushed past me as she headed back to her living room where we were watching the tape. I stood there for a minute, wondering if I'd do it.... if I'd actually take that thing in my hands and push it into my pussy. Would I do it? Could I do it? Would it even fit?

"So," I heard Aunt Jane call out to me, "do you want to watch this, or not?"

I snapped out of my thoughtful state and joined her on the couch. "Okay," she said, "so this is the night your Mom and Dad met. She was way too bashful to touch him that first time, but the rest of us did. He undressed and served us drinks and snacks while he was naked. All the girls took turns stroking him and holding his balls, but your Mom wouldn't do it. I could see them making eye contact all night and I knew there was something going on between them. At the end of the night, I took all the panties we gave him and put them in a bag and blindfolded him. Then, one by one, he pulled them out and sniffed them as we stood around. I told him he could stand right in front of the girl whose panties he liked the best and masturbate for her while he sniffed her panties. You want to guess whose panties he picked?"

"My Mom's?" I guessed.

"That's exactly right." My Aunt said, giggling. "And your Mom was embarrassed as hell, but, we made her sit down in a chair and your father stood right in front of her and did it. The whole time, they looked at each other making these goo-goo eyes back and forth and when your father came, he shot the longest, thickest rope of cum I've ever seen all over your Mom's t-shirt."

"It was hilarious to the rest of us, but, your Mom didn't move. She just sat there watching him while he drenched her t-shirt with these huge, thick globs of white sperm. And when he was done, they just stared at each other for another five minutes like they were the only ones in the room. That night," Aunt Jane said, "was the beginning of their life together."

So, we watched the tape and it was exactly how she described it. Seeing how young my mother was in the tape and the way she was bashful and innocent around this really good looking naked guy brought a tear to my eye. It was sweet watching them flirt and make eyes at each other. And, Aunt Jane was right – I could tell just from watching the tape there was something sparking between them as soon as they laid eyes on each other.

Seeing my father naked and watching him around all those girls got my attention, too. He was enjoying the attention, I could tell, and as I watched it, I wondered what it would be like to be there in that room with him, watching him expose himself. Daddy was swinging his cock back and forth and going up to each of the girls and letting them touch it. But, even while he was doing that, I could see him glancing toward my mother, flirting with her even while another woman was stroking his erection.

Interestingly enough, I got to watch Aunt Jane do a seriously nasty suck job on Daddy's cock. She got down on her knees and really gave him the blow job of a lifetime. She held his balls with one hand and stroked him with the other hand while she sucked on the head of his cock and slobbered all over him. That whole night, they never let him cum, and when he started getting close, Aunt Jane didn't let Daddy cum, either, and I think that's probably why he came so much when he jerked himself in front of my mother.

When the tape was over, my nipples were tingling and my panties were literally sopping wet. I should have been embarrassed by it, but just the opposite was true. I was wet and juicy, and it was a nice feeling.

After the tape was over, Aunt Jane sat back in the couch and smiled. "Pretty hot stuff, huh?" She asked.

But, before I could answer, she leaned toward me and cleared her throat before she spoke. "Listen," she began, "I just want to mention this, and I'm just going to say this the way it is, and if you have any questions, then I'll leave it to you to bring them up, alright?"

"Okay." I said, not sure what she was going to say.

"Your Dad is coming to visit me next month." Aunt Jane explained. "He's going to stay for a week and during that week I'm going to do anything and everything I can to make him the happiest and most content man on Earth. I know he still misses your Mom, Emma, and I'm going to make this visit extra special for him..... something he'll never forget."

"I see." I replied. "And that means you and him will probably..... uh......"

"Have sex?" My Aunt answered quickly. "Yes, Emma. Anything he wants. I want to send him home completely exhausted, totally depleted, content and wanting more."

"And," she added, "I thought I might invite you to come, too."

Her words pierced me like a bolt of lightning. "Me?" I asked.

"Yes." She answered. "Just think about it, that's all I'm asking."

"And what would I do while you guys were.... uh.... you know...... doing it?" I asked.

"Obviously, I was hoping you'd join us." Aunt Jane said softly.

"I'd help you through it, Emma." She explained. "We could make a plan of what we were going to do each day, starting from the minute he got here to the time he left. We could go through it step by step so there wouldn't be any surprises. You'd know exactly what to do and when."

Finally, she patted my hand and said, "I know all this might sound weird to you right now, but, you look just like your mother did at your age and I was thinking it would be the perfect gift for your father. You could play the part of your mother...... I even have some of her play things here. He would be completely blown away, and quite honestly, I think I'd enjoy it very much, too."

I started to say something – to answer her, but she interrupted me before I could answer. "Don't answer yet. Just think about it." She added.

"Okay." I replied. "But, how do you know he'd even want that?"

"Emma, your father can be quite submissive and docile when handled correctly." Aunt Jane replied. "Your mother was an expert at that, blending the perfect mix of tenderness and humiliation together to create exactly what he craved."

She explained that we wouldn't tell him I'd be there, and we wouldn't give him a choice, either. We'd just take control the instant he arrived. "Your mother used to strip him without warning and immediately put him in a bra and panties. Believe me, from that point on, we never got anything close to a complaint out of him."

She told me the first day would be the roughest. We'd have to strip him, shave him, dress him up and then use the strap-on on him all within a short period of time. After that, it would be clear sailing for the rest of the week. "Trust me on this, Beth." My aunt said. "I've been doing this with him longer than you've been alive."

"And," she added, "I've already started his preparation and training. Last week, I told him to start wearing boxers every day and not to masturbate anymore. He promised me he would do both, so when he gets here, he's going to be wound up tighter than a ticking time bomb. As soon as we show him a pair of panties, he'll be ours one hundred percent."

We sat looking at each other for a minute. "Look, Emma," she said, pausing to shake her hair behind her shoulders, "regardless if you come or not, I'm going to do these things for him. I think if you could be here and dress in some of your Mom's clothes and do some of the things she used to do, it would mean a lot to your father. Just think about it, and let me know when you're ready to talk about it."

"Alright." I answered. "I can do that."

"Good." Aunt Jane said, smiling. "Now, what do you say we think about going out and having a nice dinner together? Then, when we get back we'll go through those pictures you asked about and we can watch another tape if you want to. There's one of just your Mom and Dad and me from a few years back that might help you make a decision. You can see for yourself."

"Yeah," I answered, "that's sounds good."

"Alright then," she replied, "I'm going to jump in the shower and wash my hair and freshen up a bit. There's another shower in the hall bathroom, or, you're more than welcome to join me if you'd like to do that."

Aunt Jane gave me a warm smile and stood up from the couch and took a few steps before she turned and looked over her shoulder at me. "I've got some really great shampoo if you'd like me to wash your hair for you."

With that, she turned and disappeared into her room, leaving me there on the couch by myself. "Wow." I thought to myself. There was so much I never knew about Daddy........ mom and Aunt Jane, too.

A few minutes later, I found myself in the guest room, going through my suitcase to pick out some clothes to wear out to dinner. Reaching in to pull out my shampoo, conditioner and body soap, I remembered Aunt Jane's offer..... to wash my hair. And before I knew it, I left everything in my suitcase and was tapping on the bathroom door.

"Aunt Jane?" I called out. "I'd love for you to wash my hair."


My Kinky Daddy Ch. 02
byRandomAuthor©

I probably hadn't thought this through well enough.

Aunt Jane had invited me into her shower, to 'wash my hair', she said. Now that I knew she was bisexual, I found I was both intrigued and curious about her offer. Yes, I'd be naked in there with her, but, so what? I'd taken showers with girls in the locker room at school and at the pool, so just the fact that we were showering together didn't necessarily mean it was sexual. Was she just trying to be nice and wash my hair for me, or, did she have something else in mind? There was a part of me that hoped she was just as intrigued as I was.

Initially, I threw caution to the wind and decided to take her up on her offer. I knew this could very well send her a message that I was open to contact between us, and if it happened, I'd be more than happy to go along with it. I even walked back to her master bathroom and raised my hand to knock on the door, but, at the last minute, I chickened out and quietly tip toed away.

So, I ended up taking my shower in the hall bathroom, cussing to myself for missing an opportunity I now wished I'd taken. As I undressed, though, I decided to leave the bathroom door ajar as a signal to her that she could enter..... perhaps even peek in at me if she wanted to see me naked. Of course, nothing like that happened.

I admit I was captivated and interested about her bisexuality. Aunt Jane openly admitted she had sex with my mother, as well as with Daddy. From the way she told it, she had sex with both of them alone, as well as together. And, I believed her after seeing the pictures in the box and seeing the video tape from one of their parties.

By now, the shock of learning Daddy and Aunt Jane had been having incestuous sex had long passed. It was clear to me they were lovers because they loved each other in a most profound way. They were twins - conceived at the same moment and sharing the same womb before they were born. Throughout most of their lives, they were never much more than an arm's reach apart -- either emotionally or physically. They were inseparable and each other's best friend. So, why would I be surprised that my father had been having sex with his sister. In a way, it seemed completely natural and expected..... the epitome of pure and unselfish love.

I think what really convinced me, though, was seeing the expression on Aunt Jane's face, her body language and hearing the sincerity in her voice when she told me about my father's visit to her next month. I firmly believe what she said was true -- in the week he would be there, she was going to do everything in her power to make him the happiest man on the planet. And, honestly, I thought that was a good thing because I know Daddy still misses my Mom, and I knew he probably needed some attention as a man.

An hour later, we were sitting in the nearly deserted restaurant having our dinner. After a few minutes, I gathered up the courage to ask Aunt Jane some questions about Daddy's upcoming visit. I had thought my questions out carefully and when I brought it up, she was more than willing to discuss it with me.

"So," I began, "Is it okay to ask you about that visit Daddy is going to make next month?"

"Of course, Emma." She answered. "I'm glad you brought it up. I was going to say something if you didn't. Go ahead and ask me anything you like."

"Well," I continued, "I guess I'm wondering what you meant when you suggested I join you while he's here. Does that mean join you to watch, or, join you to take part sexually?"

"I'm not suggesting you do anything you're uncomfortable with, Sweetheart." Aunt Jane replied. "But, after watching you masturbate on the floor in the guest room while you stared at naked pictures of your father, I just assumed you might consider taking part in everything...... from start to finish."

"Emma," she said, setting her wine glass down and looking directly at me, "we're both adults here and I'm not going to repeat our conversation to anyone, and that includes your father. So, don't beat around the bush. Ask your questions and we'll see where we get."

"Are you hung up on the incest thing?" She asked, after a short pause. "Is that it? Because if you are, maybe it'll help if you knew your Mom was perfectly okay with your father and I being together. And in case you were wondering, we took measures to make sure I never got pregnant."

Aunt Jane volunteered the fact that she and Daddy had done just about everything a man and woman could do sexually, and all of it in the presence of my mother. There wasn't anything they avoided -- they did it all...... oral, anal, straight, fetish..... all of it.

"I loved him, Emma, and I still do." She said, with a serious expression on her face. "There's nothing I would deny him."

"But, what about me and him together?" I asked emphatically. "He's been having sex with you since you two were teenagers..... even before he met Mom. I can understand how Mom could easily accept you guys doing it. But, what would he say, or what would my Mom say about me having sex with my own father? Would Mom be okay with me and Daddy together? Would he be okay with it?"

"I simply don't know about your father would feel about it, I'll be honest about that." She replied. "But, your mother would be fine with it, Emma. I know she would because we talked about it."

"You talked about me and Daddy having sex?" I asked quietly.

"Well, sort of." She said. Then she recounted a conversation she had with Mom one day when they were alone in bed. Aunt Jane told me they were discussing Daddy's skill in the bedroom and Mom said she'd much rather I learn about sex from Daddy than from some nit wit teenager who had no clue how to really satisfy a woman.

"I admit," Aunt Jane explained, "we never discussed the other part of this, your father's fetishes...... his desires to be a Sissy, to be dressed up like a little girl, to be submissive, exposed, spanked and humiliated. We were only talking about your father's sexual prowess and how well he could please a woman."

"And as far as that goes, your father is absolutely the best in the bedroom." She said, smiling over at me. "I can guarantee, without a shadow of a doubt, that you would come away knowing you'd had the best sex humanly possible. And, I'm not just saying that. You'll be multi-orgasmic with him and you'll never want him to pull his cock out of you, Emma. Believe me."

"The fetish part," she said as she sighed, "I'm just not sure how he'd take it. He's always been very private about that stuff. Your mother and I both knew he was ashamed of his desires, and we were always sensitive and careful about it. I'm not kidding when I say he's a completely different man once he gives up control."

"Of course," she added, "we knew we had to warm him up when we started each time, but, after that, he was perfectly happy and never had any regrets."

"What does that mean? You had to warm him up?" I asked.

"Well," she replied, leaning over to the table to me, "that was just our name for it. It was a routine for us that we worked out over the years...... and we did it the same way each time we got together."

Aunt Jane told me not to be shocked at what she was going to say, and then she told me what 'warming him up' meant.

Apparently, as soon as they arrived at her house, and I mean as soon as the front door closed behind them, Daddy was immediately stripped and dressed in just a very feminine looking bra. Then, he was led by the hand to her living room where he was milked.

"Just to take the edge off." Aunt Jane explained. "Plus, it was quite a humbling event for him to have to endure, and it prepared him mentally for what came next."

After the milking, he was carefully spanked until he cried and then Mom or Aunt Jane, or both, would take his cute butt with a strap-on. By that time, he was completely broken and extremely compliant.

When that was done, he was taken into the bathroom and given a splendid and extended bath by the two of them. His legs were shaved, his pubic hair was removed and he was dressed up in his little girl clothes. After that, Daddy was completely ready and they could spend days together, happily role playing and making love with each other.

I sat there with my jaw open as she told me this.

"Emma," she explained, "we did all those things in the span of a couple of hours. We would go from one thing directly to the next -- the same way each and every time we were together. It was a ritual for us and something he wanted us to do, and, he loved it."

She told me they'd discussed it, all three of them, many times and made small adjustments through the years. Daddy said he needed it to be sudden and firm to make him give in. Sometimes, when they saw each other, Mom and Aunt Jane would act like they weren't going to do it - teasing him into thinking they just forgot or were to busy to warm him up. He'd start to complain after a while and he'd literally beg them to do it.

"You milked him?" I asked. "As in..... you put your fingers in his butt, and, uh.... rubbed his thing in there."

"His prostate gland." Aunt Jane answered. "Yes, we did. And we'd make him eat his cum after we milked him, too. One of us, your Mom or me, would catch his cum in our hands and he'd have to lick it clean before we let him up."

"Jeez, how humiliating." I sighed.

"Exactly." Aunt Jane replied. "And, that's precisely the point, Emma. He wanted to experience a level of humiliation that would break him down so he could be free to enjoy everything else we did. He had to give up control to us, Sweetheart. He knew that, and once he did, he was a completely changed man."

"Then, we'd spank him with the paddle until he broke down and had his little cry." Aunt Jane continued. "That thing stings like hell, but, we never over did it and in all the times we spanked him, the most he ever suffered was his broken pride and two pink butt cheeks."

"When all that was over," Aunt Jane added, "we'd give him a nice, very tender time with the strap-on. He'd get a lot of kissing and cuddling, and we'd tell him what a good boy he was. And for him," she told me, "the strap-on was a reward -- an acknowledgement that he'd given up control to us and we'd taken it."

When they were done warming him up, Aunt Jane told me in detail how they'd smother him with kisses and lead him into the bathroom and put him in a relaxing, hot bath. Aunt Jane explained how they babied him and pampered him in the bath -- going to extreme measures to attend to his every need and making sure that one of them was touching his body at all times.

They talked with him gently and softly while they methodically shaved his legs, his underarms and his pubic hair. They wrapped a huge fluffy towel around him while they drained the bathtub and refilled it with clean water, adding some bath oils to reinforce his pampering.

When his bath was over, they'd put lotion on him and dress him up in some of his favorite play clothes and after that - he'd spend the rest of their time together with a smile on his face and a never ending erection. They would make love for hours, pleasuring each other unselfishly and completely until they had to stop to eat or sleep, and this cycle continued until it was time for Mom and Daddy to come home.

"Don't think for one minute we ever did anything to him he didn't want, Emma." She said, softly. "And I promise you, your Mother and I made sure we did exactly what he wanted us to do, and each time, he was grateful for setting him free to be himself."

"If I had to guess, though" she finally added, "he might be initially hesitant with you there. But, if we follow the same routine to warm him up, and if you were to do the things your mother would have done, I'm absolutely confident he'd cooperate. In fact, having you there would serve to heighten his humiliation, and that would be a good thing for him, I'm certain of that."

"I'd be there to help you through it, Sweetheart." Aunt Jane assured me. "I wouldn't have suggested it if I thought it was the wrong thing to do."

I thought about it for a few minutes as we ate our dinner. "Well," I asked, "what about you and me? Didn't you say the three of you made love together? I've never done anything like that before."

"Alright, that's a fair enough question." She answered. "But, you're not a virgin, are you? You've had sex with a man before, right?"

"Aunt Jane," I replied, "I lost it in high school, and I've had a few boyfriends, so, yeah, I've been with a few guys."

"Okay then," she said, "then that part you already know how to do and what to expect."

"And, I take it you've never been with a woman?" She asked, looking up at me over her wine glass.

"No." I said, softly. "Never."

"Well, I guess that's something we'd have to practice and rehearse ahead of time." She said, with a small grin on her face. "Don't you agree?"

Aunt Jane seemed to take some pleasure in explaining to me that Daddy enjoyed seeing Mom and her together. "We'd always have to watch him, though." She said, giggling. "He'd end up yanking himself while he watched us and that would ruin him for a couple of hours."

"Most times," she added, "we'd let him sit in a chair next to the bed and watch us. If he started masturbating, we'd find some way to distract him or get him up on the bed with us. He loved watching us up close and we had a rule that he couldn't masturbate if he was on the bed with your Mom and I."

"I have to ask this now, Emma." Aunt Jane said, as she took another sip of her wine. "Do you think that is something you could do? Be sexual with me for your father's sake, or for your own sake?"

I took a deep breath when I heard her ask me that, but as I blushed and looked over at her, I answered, saying, "I almost took you up on your offer to take a shower with you tonight. I even went to your bathroom door and was about to knock on the door, but, I...... uh...."

Aunt Jane reached out across the table and put her hand on mine. "It's natural to be afraid of something you've never done, Emma."

"But, I wanted to do it." I replied. "I just didn't know how to say it, or what you might think."

"Sweetheart," she said, softly, "would you let me show you how beautiful it can be between two women tonight?"

"You don't have to do anything back if you don't want to." She added. "Just let me show you how good and natural it can feel. And, if it's uncomfortable for you, I'll be able to tell and we can just stop -- no harm done. How's that?"

I told Aunt Jane it wasn't a matter of me being uncomfortable as much as it was just not knowing what to do. "Don't worry about that." She said, smiling over at me. "You'll see. It'll be the most natural thing you've ever done. You won't even have to think about what to do."

We talked for a few more minutes and she put my fears to rest. I heard that same tenderness in her voice she used when she talked about Daddy and how much she loved him and how he needed to be pleasured. My panties had grown wet while we talked, not just because of the way she described what she and Mom usually did to Daddy to warm him up, but also because I knew she was going to be touching me and making love to me like she used to do with my mother.

"Come on." She finally said. "Let's get out of here so I can prove what I said is true."

On the way home, she asked me if I'd made a decision on coming to visit when Daddy came. I told her I wanted to, but, I was still unsure.

"Emma, with your mother gone," she said as we pulled up in her driveway, "your father only has the two of us now. I'll do everything on my own if I need to, but, I can't think of a better gift for you to give your father than yourself."

We sat there in her car for a minute as that thought sunk into my head and then she simply patted my knee and opened her car door. As I followed her inside the house, she gave me a smile and took my hand and led me up the stairs toward her room.

When we got there, she turned to me and put her hands on my face and pushed my hair back over my shoulders and looked into my eyes. "You're just as beautiful as your mother was." She whispered, as she leaned in and kissed me ever so softly on the lips. I closed my eyes as our lips met and my heart started to flutter as I smelled her perfume and felt her take a step closer to me.

The kiss was gentle and soft, not like a man's kiss. And I felt her breasts brush against mine as we stood together. I was having my first kiss with another woman and as it lingered, my emotions swelled up inside of me and I began to want more.

As our kiss ended, she pulled back and we looked at each other -- our eyes fluttering back and both as we gazed into each other's eyes. Then, without thinking, I leaned in to her and kissed her back, raising my arms as if I was going to wrap them around her neck and embrace her. But, when I did, her hands met mine in mid air and she intertwined her fingers with mine and held them to my body.

This kiss was longer and better, and, before long I opened my mouth with a desire to kiss her deeply. She opened her mouth, too, and in a matter of seconds, our tongues were searching for the other's and we were in a full blown embrace. I was breathing hard, almost panting when the kiss ended. And, seeing she was too, I reached behind me to the buttons at the back of my chemise top and started undoing them.

"Here," she whispered, "let me do that for you."

I turned around and let her unbutton me, and a few seconds later I felt her gently pull my top out of my skirt and begin to lift it over my head. Her touch was so soft and gentle, I got goose bumps on my skin as I felt her carefully lift my top over my head taking great care not to mess up my hair. As I turned around to face her, her hands went to the buttons on the front of her blouse and as she undid the top button, I raised my hands and put them on top of hers and gently pushed them aside.

She gave me a little smile as I unbuttoned her all the way down and then pushed her blouse off her shoulders and dropped it on the floor.

Her large breasts were encased in a lacy bra and I stood there for a few moments looking down at them and then back up to her eyes. "It's okay." She whispered. "You can touch them."

As soon as the words left her mouth, I raised both my hands and placed them to the sides of her breasts and moved them under to feel the weight of her flesh in my hands. This was such an unusual feeling for me, having never touched another woman in my life. I mean, mine own breasts were so small, they literally had no weight to them at all. But, Aunt Jane had much larger breasts, and they had some weight to them. And while my bras were light, dainty things, her bra was much more substantial and sturdy.

Seeing that her bra had a front closure, I reached forward and grasped the sides of the clasp and unfastened it. All at once, her breasts spilled out in front of me and as she wiggled it off her shoulders and let it fall to the carpet, I gazed at her, wondering how her nipples would feel in my mouth.

But, my dream was interrupted when she reached up to my chest and placed her hands on my lightweight bra. I felt embarrassed for a few seconds as she felt me through my bra, rubbing my nipples with one of her fingers. I had nothing compared to her, and I knew I was going to be ashamed when my bra came off and she saw my tiny, pink nipples.

"You're about the same size up top as your mother was." She said, softly. "I always loved that about her," Aunt Jane sighed, "she was so petite and she looked so cute when her nipples got hard."

As she spoke, she reached around me and unhooked the strap. Then, in one motion, she pulled my bra away from my body and leaned down to kiss my nipples. My legs almost collapsed out from under me when I felt her lips on my bare flesh. She reached up and cradled one of my breasts in her hands and licked around the nipple and then began sucking it.

Immediately, I noticed the profound difference between a man sucking my nipples and when she did it. Her touch was gentle and light and it was incredibly sensual. It teased me in a way that made me put my hands behind her head and pull her into me, silently begging her to suck me harder. She took the hint, too, and when she latched onto my nipple and really began to suck, I felt it tugging deep down inside my pussy.

Instantly, I felt an intense wetness down there, almost as if I'd gushed inside my panties. And as she sucked, that feeling continued and I began to slump over the top of her, almost falling over until she stood up and held me.

She was giggling as she helped me stand, looking up at my face as she held my shoulders for a few moments. "Can I undo your skirt?" She asked.

Immediately, I nodded my head and as soon as her hands reached to my waist, I reached out to hers and in the tangle of hands and arms between us, I managed to unbutton and unzip her skirt while she did the same to mine. Almost simultaneously, both our skirts skimmed down our legs and hit the carpet at the same time, and when I made a move to push my panties down, she stopped me.

"Let's get on the bed, Sweetheart." She said, in a soft tender voice. "Keep your panties on for a while, okay?"

I nodded my head as she pulled me to the side of her bed and we fell onto the fluffy comforter. As I inched to the middle of the bed, she followed me eventually ending up on her hands and knees, looking down at me as I lie on my back looking up at her. I watched as she slowly, moved between my legs and crawled up to me. I felt her knee sliding up between my thighs and I spread my legs giving her more room. Then, as she leaned down to kiss my lips, I felt her knee gently snuggle itself into my crotch and press into me.

Almost instinctively, I spread my legs further and pulled my knees up as much as I could with her on top of me. It was enough for her to wiggle her knee into my crotch a little more and once we were comfortable like that, we kissed like lovers.

I felt her hands on my breasts again and after a minute, I reached up to hold hers. The rest, just as she said, came naturally. We kissed passionately as we touched each other's breasts and nipples, and while we kissed, she used her knee to gently massage my pussy -- varying the pressure and the intensity of her touch.

Before long, I was in complete abandonment of all control over my emotions. I was thrusting my pelvis against her knee and moaning as she kissed me and gently teased my nipples. Her mouth became wetter and hotter and each time a kiss ended and another one began, it was more and more urgent for me. We were literally sucking each other's tongues and slobbering all over each other's faces. It was the most passionate and fervent kissing I'd ever done in my life and I kept going back for more, holding her face to mine as we kissed and kissed and kissed.

But, before very much longer, I found myself bucking against her knee, and tilting my hips so I could rub my clit directly against her. She helped me by adjusting the position of her leg and pressing up into me a little harder. I was moaning and panting, and she was gently pinching my nipples, letting me thrust and buck against her knee.

"Just let it happen." She whispered in my ear as our lips pulled apart. "Enjoy it, Sweetheart..... let me make you cum."

I had this irresistible urge to grab her face and pull her lips to mine -- to feel her kissing me as I came. And that's exactly what I did -- very roughly and without much warning. I, let go of her breasts, turned my head toward her and reached up to her head and guided her lips back to mine. As I did, she ground her knee into my crotch and it was like someone ignited a rocket between my legs.

I started huffing and puffing to a point where we couldn't maintain our kiss any longer. She grabbed my wrists and pulled them over my head, using them as a leverage point to create even more pressure in my crotch. "Go ahead." She whispered down to me. "I know you're ready to cum."

And Aunt Jane was right, because not more than fifteen seconds after she said it, my whole body began to convulse and after a few seconds, I went rigid while the strongest orgasm of my life radiated through my pelvis and almost stopping my breathing. It lasted for a good thirty seconds, completely incapacitating me -- forcing me to grit my teeth and endure waves of contractions and sensations emanating from the center of my womanhood.

This was the most intense climax of my life -- I never even thought an orgasm could be this strong, but my whole body literally ceased to do anything but conduct the mind numbing orgasm and I was held captive by it until it was over.

As it subsided, my muscles relaxed and I sank into the bed, trying to catch my breath and regain my senses. Aunt Jane was smiling as she looked down at me, but I couldn't do anything other than gasp to get some air back in my lungs.

"That was a good one, huh?" Aunt Jane asked giggling down at me. I was finally able to muster a small smile, and when I did, she said, "I can't wait to see how you'll react when we're in bed with your father and I guide his cock into you for the first time."

To be continued...

My Kinky Daddy Ch. 03
byRandomAuthor©

That night, after we returned from dinner and Aunt Jane took my hand and led me upstairs to her room, I discovered something profound about myself. Throughout my years in college knowing bisexual girls and lesbians, I never took advantage of the many opportunities I had to make love with another girl. To me, I felt like it would have been a statement that I was against men, or wasn't interested in men -- or something like that. But now, having spent one of the most glorious nights of my life having sex and making love with my Aunt Jane, I completely understood what I'd been told over and over again. And that was, a woman can make love to another woman much better than a man can.

Now, I admit there's no substitute for the feel of an actual hard, warm erection inside you. I love that feel -- the feeling of a man's cock filling me up, moving in and out of me, throbbing and reacting to the way I move and the way I squeeze him. Yes, I love having a cock in me, and it doesn't even matter to me if I don't orgasm while he's in me. It's the whole idea of having a man's cock inside my body that helps me get off.

But, the way Aunt Jane touched, licked, sucked and caressed my whole body that night, brought me the most satisfying and complete orgasms I've ever experienced in my whole life. She knew exactly where to touch...... how soft and how hard.

When we were kissing, for example, she gently ran her fingers around the back of my neck, and up behind my ears, giving me goose bumps and launching feelings in me I'd never felt with a man.

When she touched my pussy, she used just one finger for the longest time, just barely penetrating me. It wasn't the forceful 'jab-jab' touch of a man, but instead it was the tender caressing of a woman who knew how to bring another woman along. She knew exactly where my G-spot was and how to touch me there. I loved the way she brushed her fingertips over my clit and around the sides -- she never once got too rough, and the whole time she touched my pussy, I kept wanting to open my legs even more than I already was to give her the room she needed.

I can even remember lying on my back with my legs stretched out in a wide open "V" praying she'd keep kissing me and licking me down there. Climax after climax thundered through my body as she fingered me and nibbled away at my clit. I lost track of how many orgasms I had after the fifth one, and I was in a hallucinating state of total bliss -- content to just lie there like a limp rag doll as she did things to me.

So, yes, I love the feel of a cock in me and I won't ever give that up. But, now that I know how it can be between two women, I don't think I could ever live without that kind of satisfaction in my life at least once in a while.

So, as we lie in bed together that night after our marathon sex session, Aunt Jane stroked my hair and told me stories about what she, Mom and Daddy would do in bed. She went into incredible detail as I snuggled into her arms in the wee hours of the morning, lying there in the total darkness of her bedroom listening to her. She told me all about making love as a threesome, who liked what and who did what.

"Your father," Aunt Jane told me, "is a very talented man in the bedroom, Emma. Your mother and I trained him for years and I promise he'd be able to make you feel things no other man could ever do."

"I don't want to pressure you," she added, "but you being with us next month would be such a gracious gift for him..... one that he so badly needs.... and one he deserves."

"But," I said, pulling myself out of her arms and sitting up in the bed next to her, "I'm his child, Aunt Jane!"

"How's he going to feel with his own child basically dominating him, humiliating him, embarrassing him, seeing him naked, dressing him up and all those other things like using a strap-on on him, spanking him -- all that?" I asked. "How's he going to react to his own child doing those things to him?"

"First," Aunt Jane answered, "you'll start out playing the part of your mother -- doing the same things she would be doing to him if she were still alive. I have some of her clothes and lingerie here, and, I have some of her make-up and perfume, too. We can do your hair just like she used to wear it and believe me, when I say you look just like your mother used to look when we were in college, I mean that as the honest truth."

"So, for the first few hours, you'd just do exactly what she would have done." Aunt Jane said, confidently. "After that, once he's had his warm up and accepted the situation, then you could start being you -- his daughter."

"And second," she added, "we simply won't allow him not to accept you being there."

"I know exactly what to say and what to do in the first ten minutes after he walks through my door," Aunt Jane explained, "and I'm absolutely confident by the end of that ten minutes, he won't fuss a bit. His humiliation and embarrassment will be so high, we'll have him eating out of our hands before you know it."

"And once he's been broken and gone through his little warm-up routine," she said, reaching out to put her hand in mine, "you'll see your father change into another man. A man you've never known before, Emma...... the man your mother and I fell in love with."

"And if your plan backfires and he ends up mad at both of us? What happens then?" I asked.

"Sweetie," she said, sitting up next to me and pulling me into her chest, "if that happens, I give you my word I'll talk to him, calm him down and tell him it was my idea. I'll tell him I coerced you to do it. I promise I'll make it right and patch everything up between all of us."

"I'm confident this will work." She said, as she lay back on the bed, pulling me with her. "I've never been so sure about anything in my life."

I cuddled up against her, enjoying the content feeling that filled my body as she held me. Neither one of us said anything for the longest time. I was overwhelmed with confusion about what to do, and after several minutes of absolute silence, I found myself bending down to take her nipple between my lips and began to gently suck her. Without even thinking, I began to run my hand up and down her side, from the side of her breast down past her hips to the top of her thigh.

I felt her hand move to the back of my head, cradling my head as I suckled her, and before I knew what I'd done, I'd rubbed my way from her hip to her stomach and down between her legs. When I got close to her sex, she moaned and opened her legs to me, allowing me to trace my fingers up and down her wet lips and feeling the thick, slippery lubrication that had been seeping from her vagina.

"Okay." I whispered, as I pulled off her nipple just long enough to tell her I'd made my decision. "I'll do it."

I felt Aunt Jane's legs open wider and when they did, her pussy opened up to me and my finger slid easily through the folds of her sex. I held it still, gently pressing up into her G-spot, as I sucked each of her large breasts, alternating between them as I lovingly toyed with her pussy. She didn't say a word, not even to acknowledge that I'd made a decision. She just laid there and let me finger her.

An hour later, after I'd brought her to three orgasms, it was going on two in the morning. During that hour, I'd fingered her to one orgasm and licked her to another two. She was lying behind me, spooning against my body with one arm draped over me, and she was gently cradling one of my boobs.

"You're not surprised." I said, softly. "You knew I'd do it."

"Well, I hoped you would." Aunt Jane replied. "And once you see how happy it's going to make him and how much you enjoy it yourself, you'll be glad you did."

That's the last thing I remember her saying that night. I drifted off to sleep and slept like a baby until ten in the morning. When I woke up, she was smiling at me from her pillow and as soon as I saw her, I giggled and smiled back. She leaned over to kiss me, and our mouths met. I felt her hand moving between my legs, and..... we didn't get out of bed for another hour.

And so, that's how the next two days went. We watched all the old, nasty video tapes from their parties, looked at all of Daddy's naked pictures, caressed each other, made love and, of course, talked in detail about Daddy's visit.

By the time I left, we'd gone through every aspect of Daddy's visit either of us could think of. We planned out the first four hours down to the minute with the precision of a space shuttle launch. We knew who was going to say what and who was going to do what.

"Your mother always got to have his cock in her first." Aunt Jane told me. "So, you can have the same honor. That probably won't happen until after he's been here six hours, or so, but, it's worth the wait. Trust me on that."

We giggled together as she described how my first time with Daddy would be, emphasizing the fact that we should mimic what she, Mom and Daddy usually did by letting him undress me, and then lying on the bed with my legs wide open as I pulled my pussy lips apart. "Then," Aunt Jane said, "just let him do whatever he wants to do."

"He'll probably want to look at your pussy for a few minutes." She explained. "He loves that..... he'll get right down there between your legs and put his face six inches from you. Then, just be sweet and encourage him, and he'll take it from there. I'll sit back and watch until you guys are done."

We agreed I'd come two days before Daddy arrived. We'd go get waxed, get our nails done, get my hair fixed just like Mom used to wear her hair and then go shopping. She wanted to take me to the adult toy store they used to go to and said she'd treat me to some new lingerie. Of course, she said we'd have to spend some quality time together, and I knew exactly what that meant, and I was in complete agreement!

She told me Daddy would probably arrive close to 10:00 AM. He'd leave Topeka around five in the morning, and typically would make it to St. Louis in five hours, give or take a few minutes.

So, to make a long story short, I left St. Louis and went home, spending the next few weeks wondering if I'd made the right decision. I talked with Aunt Jane over the phone several times, and when the day came for me to get on a plane and go back to Aunt Jane's house, I was a total bundle of nerves, second guessing my decision on an hourly basis. Of course, Aunt Jane put all my fears to rest once she picked me up at the airport, took me to her house and sat me down to talk to me.

We spent our time having the most pleasurable sex I'd ever had in my life, shopping, and getting ready for Daddy to arrive. When the big day finally came, both of us woke up early that morning. We'd spent most of the previous night making love, giving each other several strong, earth shattering orgasms. Over the previous two days, I was getting the knack of how to use the strap-on, which was harder than I thought it would be. The simple act of thrusting your hips back and forth for ten minutes at a time was a completely foreign skill to me, and it took some doing to learn how to do it smoothly for long periods of time without getting tired.

As it got to be close to 8:00 AM, we were doing last minute things. Daddy called from his cell phone to tell Aunt Jane he was making good time and would probably be a few minutes early. She asked him to call her when he was thirty minutes away, and when she hung up, she told me she could hear the excitement in his voice.

We got into the shower around 8:30 and by the time Daddy called to say he was thirty minutes away, we'd already dried our hair and were ready to slip into the bras and panties we were going to wear for his arrival.

We went over the plan again and when she said we better go downstairs because he'd be there any minute, the butterflies started in my stomach. "It'll be fine." She said, reassuring me as she pulled me down the stairs. "If you're not sure about something, just let me jump in. The first ten minutes will be the hardest." She reminded me. "But, be firm and take control. Be gentle and loving, too, but firm. Remember, we're not giving him a choice."

We were standing in the kitchen, waiting for him, when she reached up to straighten one of my bra straps. "You're so cute, Emma." Aunt Jane sighed as she fingered my nipples through the mesh bra I was wearing. "That bra is so sheer..... he might just cum in his pants when he sees you. I can literally count the little bumps around your nipples."

My heart leaped when the door bell rang.

"Quick." Aunt Jane whispered, as she pointed to the sheer, matching bra on the kitchen counter -- the bra I was going to dress Daddy in. "Go hide until you hear your cue to come out."

I picked up Daddy's bra and tiptoed to the other side of the kitchen and crept around the corner into her dining room to where I could peek around the corner and see the front door and her entry way clearly without being seen. She turned to smile at me and then, she reached out and opened the door.

"John!" She said excitedly, standing in the half open doorway in her bra and panties.

Daddy came in quickly, carrying a small suitcase, which he sat down as soon as the door closed behind him. Immediately, they fell into each other's arms, and I felt a little uneasy watching my father kiss a woman, who was not my mother, so passionately. They kissed like Mom and Dad used to..... and like Aunt Jane and I had done for the last two days. And as I watched them, I realized and hoped he and I would be kissing like that very soon.

When their kiss ended, Aunt Jane went straight into our plan. Putting her hands on her hips, she smiled and said, "You know I'm going to keep you captive here for a week, right?"

"I sure as hell hope so!" Daddy exclaimed. "After what I've been through the last month, I probably deserve two weeks of captivity with you."

"Okay, then," Aunt Jane said, grinning, "you stay right here and don't move from this exact spot while I take your suitcase up to the bedroom. I've got a little surprise for you, so you stay here and I'll be right back."

Aunt Jane picked up Daddy's suitcase and as she turned toward the stairs, she stopped and gave him a very puzzling, but orchestrated look. "Just in case you're thinking about chickening out and sneaking away while I'm gone, you better give me your car keys and your wallet, too."

Daddy knew this was something Aunt Jane had never done before, but, shrugging his shoulders, he reached into his pocket and gave her his keys, then reaching behind his back, pulled his wallet out of his jeans and handed that to her, too.

"Good boy, John." My aunt said. "You stay right here."

As Aunt Jane went up the stairs, I peeked at Daddy from my hiding place as he stood there waiting for her. Just as she told him, he didn't move one inch from where he was, and as I watched him, I started getting nervous knowing that in less than two minutes, I'd be standing in front of him about to undress him.

Aunt Jane was quick to put his suitcase in her bedroom and hide his keys and wallet. We decided to hide them out of his sight to make it impossible for him to leave, just in case he got enraged with us because I was there. And, in a matter of moments, Aunt Jane was on her way back down the stairs, and standing in front of Daddy again.

"John," she said, leaning into him and lying her head against his chest, "I want you to promise me three things before we begin. You can do that for me, can't you?"

"When have I ever said 'No' to you, Jane?" Daddy laughed his deep belly laugh as she wrapped his arms around his sister.

"Number one." Aunt Jane replied, "I want you to promise me that for the next week you'll obey and do everything that's asked of you. That means no arguments and no moaning and groaning - you'll obey immediately or you'll be punished. And you know exactly what that means"

"You're normally pretty good about obeying," Aunt Jane added, "but, with Annie gone now, I don't want you to think the rules have changed any. So, make sure you understand I'm serious about this...... no disobeying of any kind. Promise me."

"I promise." Daddy said, smiling down at Aunt Jane.

"Number two." Aunt Jane continued, "I'm not trying to be a cold, heartless witch, and I miss Annie as much as you do, but, I don't want to spend the next week agonizing and mourning Annie's death. This week is all about you..... about your pleasure.... about your needs, and I want you to promise me you'll do everything in your power to enjoy it, participate fully and get into it, just like you always did."

Aunt Jane reached her hand out to his and pulled his hand up to her cheek. "I've put a lot of effort into this and I'll be heartbroken if you don't enjoy it. Promise me you will, John."

Daddy's face became somber and he bowed his head a little bit and then looked up at her. After a few moments, Daddy nodded his head. "I need this." He replied. "I should have come months ago, I know that, and I appreciate what you're doing, so.... I promise."

The butterflies in my stomach were going crazy now. I knew I'd be up in a matter of seconds, so as Aunt Jane followed the script and began to ask the last question, I reached down and ran my fingers over my panties, creating an obvious crease by pushing my panties in between my pussy lips so Daddy would immediately notice it the instant he saw me.

"Number three." Aunt Jane said, "With Annie gone, you have to accept the fact that some things will change in what we do, and how we do them. We'll do some new things, too. So, I want you to promise me you'll go along with what ever might change and when the week is over, we'll talk about what you liked and what you didn't like."

"Promise me you'll go along with the changes." Aunt Jane asked.

"Of course." Daddy answered. "I realize some things will have to change. I've already accepted that, so, I promise that, as well."

Peeking around the corner I knew my cue was coming any second. I reached down to the floor next to me and picked up Mom's bottle of White Shoulders perfume we put there earlier, and dabbed a little behind my ears and put the bottle back down by my feet. I was ready to make my entrance now...... in my sheer, see through bra, my panties with the visible crease between my pussy lips, Mom's hair style and fingernails, and, Mom's perfume. I was ready.

Aunt Jane stood up on her toes to wrap her arms around Daddy's neck and she kissed him deeply. His arms draped around her waist and as they kissed, she moaned his name and told him she loved him. They held each other for a few more seconds and I heard Aunt Jane give me my cue, saying, "It's time to begin."

Hearing that, I took a deep breath and stepped out around the corner and took a step toward Daddy and Aunt Jane, dangling Daddy's bra from the fingers of my left hand.

Daddy saw me by the time I'd taken my third step, and just like Aunt Jane said he would do, his eyes popped open, he got a look of shock on his face and then his eyes scanned my body, stopping to stare at the crease in my panties before he spoke my name.

"Emma?" Daddy said, barely able to say my name because he was so shocked.

As I drew closer to him, he looked over to Aunt Jane who was stepping back from him, and by the time he looked back over at me, I was only one step away. Following our script, I put my arms around him and hugged him for a second and then reached up to kiss him on the lips. When he didn't kiss me back, I kissed him again, and then again.

"Go ahead and undress your father, Emma." Aunt Jane said softly, stepping up next to me. "He knows he'll be spanked if he disobeys."

Still holding his bra in my hands, I looked up into his eyes as I reached out to his waist to unbuckle his belt. Daddy stepped back and pushed my hands away. "Emma, what are you doing?" he asked.

"Sssshhhh, Daddy." I said, calmly. "Be still and let me undress you."

Aunt Jane and I discussed this part several times. She gave me suggestions on what I could say if he resisted, and gave me some ideas how to get him to cooperate.

Again, I reached out for his belt, but he pushed my hands away again and looked over at Aunt Jane. "I told you there would be some changes this time." Aunt Jane said in a soft, clear voice, reaching up to rub her hand soothingly against his arm. "You promised me you would obey. You also promised me you would participate, and, you promised you'd accept and go along with the changes. I want you to keep your word, John."

Daddy looked at me and I held up the sheer bra I was going to dress him in. "Daddy, you have to be naked before I can put this on you. That's the rules, right?" I said, softly. "If you don't let me undress you, then we can't do the rest. It's as simple as that."

Daddy's eyes were full of confusion and I know he was resisting me, but, remembering one of Aunt Jane's suggestions, I reached up and put my arms around his neck and pulled him down to me. Then as quietly as I could, I whispered in his ear.

"Please let me do this for you, Daddy." I whispered. "You know you wouldn't act like this for Mom. Just let me be her for a while, that's all I'm asking."

I let go of his neck and right away reached out to his belt again. This time, he didn't move. It only took a few seconds to get his belt undone, and as soon as it was, I reached for the button on his jeans and popped it open.

By this time, Daddy had to realize it was my intention to strip him naked and dress him in the bra, just like Mom used to do. I can't even imagine what was going through his mind as I unbuttoned his jeans. Perhaps he was stunned at the thought of his own daughter seeing his cock, or maybe he was petrified at the thought of me seeing him in a bra, or any of the other humiliating situations we had planned for him.

Reaching for his zipper, I glanced up at him and our eyes met for just an instant. "We have so many exciting things planned for you, Daddy." I said in my sweetest voice. "We're going to warm you up just the way you like it, the same way it's always been done."

"Our bras will match." I continued, holding up the bra I was going to dress him in. "You'll look so cute in this one, and I even have some matching panties for you.... just like the ones I'm wearing."

"And you'll be milked, just like always." I said to him as I pulled his zipper down. "We're going to be very gentle with your milking, I promise we will, Daddy. Then, you'll have your little paddling, and I give you my word it won't be more than you can bear. I'll be right here with you the whole time. I'll hold your hand and kiss away all the hurt and shame -- I promise I will."

I tugged his jeans down just a little - now that the button was loose and his zipper was down, just to reinforce the point that I really was going to undress him. Then looking back up at him, I saw he was looking over at his sister, my Aunt Jane, and his face and neck were pink from the humiliation he was experiencing at the hands of his daughter.

Aunt Jane had warned me about what his reactions might be, and told me not to be deterred from my job of getting him undressed and into the bra. Impressing on me the importance of getting him naked right away, and then dressing him in only in a bra, she said it was a crucial part of the break down process.

So, remembering her instructions about being calm, gently countering any objections he might have and continuing my task of getting him naked, I reached up to unbutton his shirt as if I'd been doing it for years.

"I know," I said, continuing my lines, "it'll be difficult for you when we use the strap-on. That's such a compromising position for a man to be in, but, I'll be right next to you and I'll hold your penis while Aunt Jane goes first. When we switch, I'll go slow and be gentle until you get used to the cock in your butt."

Daddy shuddered when he heard me say that. I had just unbuttoned the last button and was reaching up to push his sport shirt off his shoulders when he shook. I looked up at his face and his eyes were closed and he looked unsteady as he stood in front of me. I quickly glanced at Aunt Jane and she nodded her head, as if to tell me to keep going, so that's what I did.

Reaching down to the hem of his undershirt, I started to pull it up, saying, "Then, after you're all warmed up, we're going to give you a nice warm bath and shave off all that nasty hair on your body. I'm looking forward to that, Daddy, because after we shave you, I'll get in with you and we'll take a shower together so I can wash you up. Just me and you, Daddy."

He looked down at me as I pulled his undershirt over his head. I smiled at him when he did and nodded my head. "That's right." I said, giggling. "I'll be naked, too, and you can look at me as much as you want. I'll even let you take my panties off me if you want to."

I reached for his hands, and holding them in mine, continued to smile up at him as I told him we'd finish in the bathroom by coating him from head to toe with Mom's favorite after bath lotion.

"Then," I said, "We have the cutest little girl clothes I've ever seen to dress you in. Aunt Jane found a place on the internet that makes little girl clothes in your size and we ordered underwear, jumpers, slips, a frilly dress, nighties..... even training bras. "

"And I several pairs of my own panties to give you." I said, squeezing his hands as I held them. "But," I paused to look him straight in the eyes and said, "none of that will happen unless you'll let me undress you and put you in this bra."

I held the bra up again and he looked down at it. I saw him swallow hard and he nodded a very faint nod, and I knew he had given in to me.

"We're almost ready to put the bra on you, Daddy." I said calmly. "All I need you to do is tell me you're ready to be naked."

"Just say your ready to be naked in front of your daughter and your sister, and I'll do the rest." I added.

"Now it's up to you." I whispered as I reached up to kiss him again on the lips. This time, he met my lips with his and when my mouth opened, his opened, too, and we finally had out first lover's kiss.

When our lips parted, I looked up at him and simply said, "Just say it, that's all you have to do."

Daddy opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out. He tried to clear his throat, but he couldn't even do that.

"It's okay." Aunt Jane said, stepping up next to me. "Take all the time you need, John."

Aunt Jane looked over to me and gave me a comforting smile, and when we both turned to look at Daddy, he was glancing back and forth at us for a few seconds and then he finally spoke.

"I'm ready to be naked in front of my daughter and my sister." Daddy answered, almost inaudibly. "I'm ready for you to put me in that bra."

As soon as he said it, a serious blush of pink spread across his chest, up his neck and across his face. But, I didn't want to act surprised so I leaned up and kissed his lips again very softly and reached down to his jeans.

It didn't take but a few seconds to push his jeans off his hips, past his thighs and down to his ankles. One by one, he picked up his feet and as he did, I pulled his jeans away and tossed them on top of his undershirt and sport shirt. Daddy's cock was obviously hard, pushing against the cotton fabric of his boxers. The fly in his boxers was gaping open due to the pressure of his erection, and through the gap, I could see his flesh.

"Go ahead." Aunt Jane said to me. "You know what to do."

This was the point where I wasn't sure if I could control myself. I'd thought about this exact instant time after time, wondering if I could really do what we planned. And my worry wasn't because I was afraid to do it, it was because in my mind, I wanted to deviate from our plan and do much, much more.

As if it was in slow motion, I kneeled in front of him and saw my hands reach out to the elastic waistband of his boxers and begin to pull them down. Aunt Jane was standing right there to ease the waistband away from his body, and as I watched, she reached inside his boxers and titled his hard cock up so I could slide his boxers down his thighs and pull them off.

When I lifted my head up, my face was less than a foot away from my father's majestic penis -- hard and full, and just as Aunt Jane predicted, the head of his cock was wet and slimy with his precum.

Then, following our script, I reached up with both my hands and grasped his shaft, one hand at the base and the other just below his cock head. Then, in unison, I began to gently squeeze him from base to tip, trying to squeeze out at least one drop of precum. Aunt Jane's finger was there to catch it, but I think she was just as surprised as I was when a large dribble of several drops of precum poured out from the tip of his cock.

I stopped squeezing immediately when I realized what was happening, and Aunt Jane did the best she could to keep the shiny drops of thick, clear precum from rolling off her finger.

Then, in keeping with our plan, she raised her finger to Daddy's mouth and pushed it between his lips and left it there for a few seconds. I could see them exchanging glances and before long, Daddy was sucking her finger and she was smiling that same sweet, loving smile I saw her with earlier.

We were supposed to stop at that point and I was to put the bra on him and then we were to have a hug together and he was to be moved to the couch for his milking. But, before I could stop myself, I leaned forward and put the head of his cock in my mouth and closed my lips around him. I heard him moan deeply as I gently sucked his cock head.

Keeping his cock head in my mouth, I looked up at Aunt Jane and at my father. Aunt Jane was smiling down at me, and I knew she wasn't mad at me for improvising when she reached for his cock shaft and started squeezing him from bottom to top. She was improvising, too, urging his precum down his shaft and into my mouth where I greedily sucked it out of him.

We did this for probably thirty seconds before she looked down at me and said, "I think we better not push him more than that, Sweetie." And as she pulled his shaft out of my mouth, she smiled and told me I could have more of his glorious cock later.

Standing in front of the two of them, it was now my turn to blush, and Aunt Jane giggled as my face turned red and my face felt hot. Sucking Daddy's cock in front of them wasn't in our plan, but I couldn't resist it. It was the first real, overtly sexual act between any of us, and I was a little embarrassed that my desires got the best of me, but, I was glad I'd done it. Daddy had seen his little girl suck his cock, and even thought it was just for a few moments, I'm sure he must have been affected to see his daughter's lips wrapped around his package.

But, I knew I had one more thing to do, and as I asked Daddy to hold his arms out, I slipped the bra on him and Aunt Jane moved behind him to fasten the hooks as I adjusted the fit and the shoulder straps.

When we were done, Daddy stood in front of us completely silent. His cock was straining out in front of him, with its purplish head pointing right at me.

I felt like I'd accomplished a momentous task, and it hadn't been that hard to do. It took some talking and some clever planning, but, Daddy was well on his way to being broken, and once his warm up was completed, Aunt Jane and I were going to give him the best seven days of his life.

I knew quite well I was going to have his sperm in all my holes -- my mouth, my pussy and even my ass. And my heart thumped in my chest with the promise that we would rain down so much love down on him, he'd be deliriously happy when the week was over.

To be continued...