My Pet Ch. 01
bynz_marie©

I discovered the pleasure of chatting online when my children were young. I had one daughter at kindergarten and a baby that slept a lot during the day. I've never been the fussy house keeper, my house was tidy but not spotless and so when I had some free time while my youngest had her nap the idea of doing housework was never appealing. I've also never been interested in day-time television; soap operas are just not my thing. I did watch a few movies some days but often my daughter would wake up and I would miss the ending. I would read sometimes as a way to pass the time while I waited for her to wake up for her next feed.

Then one day my husband brought home a computer, cool I thought we are finally catching up with the 21st century! It was great, I was able to email my family and friends and finally I had something to do during the day while my baby slept. It didn't take very long before I discovered the fun of chat rooms.

At first I thought great, now I can pretend to be someone else, I can say I'm a hot 25 year old chick and see if I can chat up some sexy young men.

That worked out really well and it was fun for awhile, but I got tired of trying to remember all the lies I told about my fake life. Also after spending some time in the 'younger men for older women' chat rooms, I discovered that there were actually quite a few young men that genuinely liked women my age. Maybe I could quit with the made up stories and just be me and young men might still want to chat to me. So I tried that and it was great, I could just be me and answer questions truthfully. Before long I had lots of online friends and some online lovers too. It didn't take me too long to discover the fun of cyber sex.

I met a lot of good friends and had lots of fun with some online lovers. Then I met Bryan, he wasn't much younger than me but we became close friends and he introduced me to the Dom/sub world. I had no idea how much there was to learn about it, I found the whole thing fascinating. I had been up until then, quite naive on the subject. Not only did I discover about the Dom/sub way of life, I soon found out a lot more about myself that I hadn't been aware of.

I became an online sub for Bryan and it was fun. I had found not only a good friend, but he was my teacher and my Master.

So I started hanging out in the BDSM chat rooms as well as the 'younger men for older women' rooms and it was there that I met several young men wanting me to be their online Mistress. Up until then I hadn't considered the idea of me being the dominant one but the more I thought about it, the more I was excited by it. I role played with a few of them and I found I loved it, loved being in control. It actually confused me a little; I didn't understand why I could be turned on by being so dominant when in fact I was submissive.

I spoke to Bryan about my confused feelings and he explained to me that I was a switch and encouraged me to explore this new side of myself. So I decided it would be fun to get myself my very own online slave to play with and set about trying to find one I liked. I had in my head what I was looking for. I wanted a guy in his early 20s, probably American because I liked chatting to Americans, someone that liked my kind of music and of course someone that was submissive and willing to do whatever it took to make me happy.

I headed off to the chat rooms to hunt. I felt quiet excited about the prospect of having my own online slave. I spoke to heaps of them, even role-played and cybered with some, looking for someone I would click with.

Then I met Nicky, he was 20 and not really what I had in my mind as my perfect slave. He wasn't American and not a big music fan like me, although he did like music, just not a fanatic like me. Actually he was from India and even though I'm not racist, I've also never found Indian men particularly that attractive either. But there was something about Nicky, the more I talked to him the closer we got. He told me all about his real life experiences as a live-in slave for his aunt. I found the stories he told me exciting but at the same time disturbing. Some of the things that he told me his aunt made him do shocked me.

I was relatively new to Dom/sub online relationships and still had a lot to learn but mostly I found with my experiences as sub to Byran, and Mistress to Nicky, that I was learning so much about myself. Learning what things turned me on; often I was surprised at how excited I would get during an intense cyber sex session. I kept pushing myself, testing the water to see how I would react to different scenes in role-play. Nicky was pushing me too, only in a very submissive way; he was experienced not only with online Dom/sub relationships but in real life too. He kept suggesting different things, he knew what he liked and he wanted to see if I would respond favorably to his ideas.

Most of his ideas excited me so much, more than I had been excited when I was being submissive with my online Master. I was starting to realize that perhaps I was more dominant by nature than I had previously thought.

Some of Nicky's ideas shocked me, especially when he spoke of ways I could punish him if he should not please me in any way. I wasn't shocked so much that pain and humiliation would turn him on, but more that it turned me on to do that to him. I often felt very guilty that I should get such pleasure from calling him nasty names and making him do things to himself. I had grown so close to Nicky now that I found I loved him and yet how could I want to hurt anyone that I loved? It made no sense to me and went against everything I had always known to be true. I had to re-train my brain.

It took time, years in fact. I had ceased to be a sub to Bryan, but we still remained friends. I had a few other online lovers on and off over the years but one thing stayed the same. Nicky was still my slave, it became that I couldn't even imagine my life without owning him. We had even drawn up our own contract in which he signed, willingly giving himself to me as my property.

We spoke online as much as we could but sometimes he would have to go away for a week or so for training as he was in the Navy.

A few times I had rung him and we had intense and wonderful phone sex, he would always make me cum so good. I wanted to ring him more often but the toll calls were expensive and of course I couldn't ring him on my home phone for fear of my husband asking why I would be ringing India. So I used my mobile phone and we would text each other sometimes too.

The great thing about our relationship is that even without the great cyber we were close friends, we could talk about anything and if I wasn't in the mood to play and just wanted to chat, that would be cool. There were even times when I would feel my submissive side rear its head and we would role reverse for a hot cyber session, but he would always go back to being my pet afterwards.

Often during our many conversations we would both fantasize about how good it would be if one day we could meet for real. Of course there was no way I could just hop on a plane and fly to India as I had a husband and two kids to consider. But we would daydream about how once his training was finished that he would save up and come here to see me and we would both get very hot and bothered about the things we would do if that was to happen. We talked about how we both wanted to do all the stuff we cybered about, all the naughty, kinky, dirty things for real.

Then one day out of the blue Nicky told me he had some exciting news. He was being sent to Hong Kong for an assignment and he had asked for a weeks leave so that after the assignment he could fly to New Zealand to finally meet me. He had been secretly putting money aside for years in the hope of one day flying to my country. He was so excited; he could barely type the words.

I was in total shock. I just sat there looking at the screen, re-reading what he just told me over and over. Nicky was coming here, my slave was coming to see me for real, not cyber, not phone sex, but real, live human flesh to flesh.

I think I stopped breathing for a moment.

He kept typing back to me asking me if I was still there, finally I replied once I put my brain back into working mode and asked him all the when and where and how questions.

I was excited too, but mostly I was nervous.

All these years of telling him all the nasty, kinky things I want to do to him, it was all fantastic and easy to do in cyber, but could I really be that strong dominant woman that I had become online, when it came to meeting him face to face?

At least I had two months to figure that out and prepare for his arrival and over that time I had talked myself into being confident in my domination of him. Of course our chat sessions became totally focused on his impending visit.

Meanwhile in my offline life (the line between the two was starting to become a bit blurry), I had booked a hotel room for him that was close to my work and I had arranged to have that week off. Of course I had no intention of telling anyone else I was having time off work, I fully intended on just carrying out my day as per usual, dropping the kids off to school on the way to work but going to his hotel room instead.

There was other planning to be done too. I went to a clinic and put myself back on the pill. I hadn't been on it for many years due to my husband having a vasectomy. I didn't want to worry about unwanted pregnancy. Not only did I not want any more children at my age, it would have been hard to explain and although I am pro choice, I do not condone using abortion as a means of birth control.

I also went shopping; I brought a leash and a black leather dog collar from the pet shop. It had a place for engraving your pets name and any other details. I had it engraved with 'property of Miss Marie' as Nicky always called me Miss.

I spent quite a few dollars at a sex shop too. I brought a strap-on dildo complete with harness, it was one that was double-ended, so that part of it also went up inside the woman's pussy, giving double the pleasure when used.

As well as that I brought a cock ring and nipple clamps and a butt plug. I knew he was only going to be here for 5 days and I wanted to do everything I had fantasized about to him. It cost me a pretty penny but I had no doubts about getting my moneys worth out of my whore.

I knew that Nicky had not had sex with anyone but himself in the last year but still I wanted to make sure I would be safe. I instructed him to get checked out at a clinic, get blood tests to make sure he didn't have any sexual diseases. I was worried about all the sex his aunt had forced him to do when he was younger, I wanted to fuck my slut real bad but not if it meant risking infecting myself and passing it on to my husband. He assured me he was clean but went along with my wishes and promised me that he would bring me a letter from a doctor as proof along with the results of his blood tests.

The tests came back clean, which made Nicky very happy and of course I was most relieved. I really didn't want to have to use condoms. He still brought the letter with him as reassurance.

With the practical side of the agenda all sorted, now all we had to do is wait. Time went quite fast actually, the two months seemed to fly by. We talked online everyday until he had to leave for Hong Kong for his work assignment. I instructed him not to masturbate the whole time he was in Hong Kong so that when he arrived in my presence he would be very horny and full of cum for me.

I also did not masturbate during that week, well actually I did a little, but I didn't allow myself to cum. I hadn't told him that I was planning on doing that, but I just wanted to make myself so horny that I would want to attack him the moment we got to his hotel room.

Finally it was the Monday morning of his arrival, his plane was due in at 10.15 am. I got up and got ready for work as always, acted like there was nothing new about this Monday as any other. I wore my usual work clothes, plain black skirt, white blouse, black jacket. I looked like your typical office worker. But underneath I was wearing my sexiest black g-string and black bra. I would normally never wear a black bra under a white top because it shows through a little, but today I wasn't going to be Marie, ordinary office lady, wife and mother. Today I was Miss Marie, owner of a man, Mistress to a slave.

Fantasy and reality were about to become one.

I dropped off my kids at school and went straight to the airport. I had put all my sex toys in a bag in the boot of my car and I carried the leather dog's collar with me in my handbag. I arrived with 30 minutes to spare and even though it was early morning, I needed a drink. The nerves were starting to really kick in as I prepared myself for this meeting. So I went to the bar and got a bourbon and coke to calm myself while I went over in my head what I should say and how I should act. A little voice was telling me I should just go, but I ignored it and temporarily shut the door on that part of my brain.

"I can do this," I said to myself but out loud.

"Sorry. Did you want something?" the barman asked, thinking I was talking to him.

"No. I'm fine, thank you," I replied smiling and getting up to leave.

I went to the arrivals area and waited. The plane had landed and was just being processed. Then passengers started coming through the doors to the waiting arms of friends and relatives. Lots of people all around me hugging and kissing each other, lots of happy talking and excitement in the air.

My stomach was starting to feel like I was going to throw up. The one drink hadn't really taken the edge off much. I was beginning to question myself again.

Then I saw him. My Nicky. My pet, the man that had become an important part of my life. He was standing in front of me, no computer screen or thousands of miles between us. Right here, in New Zealand, in the flesh.

If I thought I was nervous, one look at him told me that his nervousness was tenfold my own. He is 25 but he looked like a scared little boy, staring at me.

Finally he found his tongue.

"Hello Miss," he said timidly, with a nervous smile.

Just hearing his voice and calling me that suddenly made me brave. I beamed a big smile back at him and stepped closer and gave him a big hug. Drinking in his scent as I held him close. His arms instinctively moved around to hug me back.

"Hello pet," I spoke into his ear as we hugged.

As we embraced, I felt him tremble. Pulling back I looked into his eyes. They were wet with tears.

"Are you ok Nicky?" I asked, concerned.

"Yes Miss. I'm just so happy to see you," he replied with a smile.

I too was feeling very emotional to be finally meeting after all this time. But I was doing my best to remain calm and mostly remain in control. My eyes were tearing up too, but I didn't want to burst into tears in the middle of the airport, so I pushed back my feelings for now and busied myself with practicalities.

"Come on then Nicky, get your bag and I will take you to your hotel," I said.

So off we went. He was looking around everywhere at everything as we walked to my car. Asking me things about New Zealand and the weather and all that sort of small talk that anyone would ask if it was there first time in a country.

The trip wasn't long to the hotel, only 15 minutes. I had pre-ordered a tray of fresh fruit and tantalizing nibbles for lunch to be sent to his room, along with a nice bottle of sparkling New Zealand white wine and two wine glasses, to be waiting for us when we arrived. I had the feeling once we got to his room neither of us would be going anywhere for a while.

All through the small talk during the trip to the hotel he had been staring at me as if he was unable not to look at me. I of course had to look at the road as I was driving, but glanced at him as often as I dared. Still marveling at the fact he was actually here with me, in my car.

Once at the hotel, he took his bag out of my boot and I picked up my bag too. I saw him glance at it and I knew he must be wondering what I had in there. All would be revealed in good time. We collected the key and went to his room.

As soon as we got inside, I put the 'do not disturb' sign on the outside handle and locked the door.

It was weird, for although I was still nervous, I had this sense of purpose. I knew what I was going to do, I knew what I wanted and yet I felt strangely calm.

Nicky put his bag down and turned around to look at me. He came closer. I could tell he wanted to hold me again and kiss me. He almost did just that, but he stopped and paused.

"May I kiss you Miss?" he asked, remembering his place at the last moment.

I smiled at him, holding out my arms as an invitation.

"Yes pet."

He took me in his strong arms and kissed me. I could feel the strength of many training work-out sessions in his arms. His mouth was warm and hungry. I kissed him back with the same hunger. The passion was so intense; I almost lost my control, about to become a soft romantic fool in the arms of my lover.

He stopped for a moment, paused to take a breath and I pulled back from him.

"Wait pet," I requested and he stopped and looked a little confused and giving me that hurt puppy look.

"Just a moment pet, I have something for you," I said turning around to pick up my handbag. "I want you to kneel down and close your eyes pet. I have a present for you." I smiled at him as I spoke.

"Yes Miss," he replied and knelt down as instructed, with eyes closed.

I took out the collar from my handbag and leant down and attached it around his neck. He let out a gasp of excitement when he realized what I was doing.

"Open your eyes now and look at me pet," I requested, smiling down at him. It looked so good to see my collar on him.

Nicky looked up at me. His eyes now freely flowing tears down his sweet brown face. I wasn't sure if he was even able to speak at that moment.

"I claim you as mine Nicky. Mine for life, "I declared.

"I am honored to be Yours Miss," he said, his voice cracking slightly. He looked at me with his tear stained eyes and I could see love in them. Unable to hold back and maintain his control of his emotions, he wrapped his arms around me from his kneeling position and hugged me tight.

"I love you Marie," he announced as he looked up at me from his embrace, calling me by my first name for the first time since he arrived.

I smiled down at him, then leant down and kissed his lips, holding his face in my hands. The knowledge that I owned this person that I held in my hands giving me such a rush. I felt a wave of emotion pass through me that was close to an orgasm. The power rush was incredible, adrenalin racing through me.

"I love you too Nicky," I replied when I pulled back from the kiss, this time no longer able to contain my emotions as tears ran down my cheeks.

I pulled on his sleeves as a motion to stand up, which he did and we hugged. Holding each other close, savoring the moment, and breathing in each others scent as we embraced. We stood holding on to each other for a few minutes, giving ourselves time to recover from the emotional outburst and sheer intensity of finally being able to touch each other for real after 5 years of wanting.

Eventually we pulled back and smiled at each other.

"Thank you for your gift Miss. I will wear it with pride," he said beaming at me.

"You're most welcome pet. Go look at it in the mirror," I said, motioning towards the bathroom, "I want you to wear it everyday you are here in New Zealand pet. Only take it off to shower," I instructed.

"Yes Miss," he replied, admiring the collar as he looked in the bathroom mirror. 

"Oh Miss, I have something for you too," Nicky said, rushing back from the bathroom.

He picked up his suitcase and opened it, taking out a small package and handing it to me. I opened my gift to reveal a matching set of necklace, earrings and bracelet. They looked to be handmade, no doubt from some talented craftsman from India. They were quite beautiful and just knowing he would have taken the time to pick me out such a lovely gift pleased me and made me smile.

"Thank you pet. They are beautiful. I will wear them the whole time you are here with me also," I stated, as I removed the earrings I had on to replace them with his gift. Nicky was simply beaming at me, so happy that I liked his present.

"I think we should sit down and have a drink to celebrate. Oh and I ordered some lunch for us pet," I said, pointing in the direction of the tray of fruit and nibbles that had been placed on the table.

"Yes Miss. Thank you Miss," Nicky said, indicating that I should sit first, "After you Miss."

I went to sit down, but paused. I had remembered the many times we had talked and discussed some of our fantasies, and one of the many was how I would always want my slave to be naked while eating with me. My early nerves were fading, Nicky was behaving just as I imagined he would, just had he had always been with me when we chatted online. My confidence was growing; I was starting to believe I really could do all the things I fantasized about. I looked right at him.

"Take off your clothes first pet. I want to look at you. I want to inspect my property," I said cheekily, flashing a big grin at him.

It was obviously unexpected as he blushed a little. But without protesting, began to undress. I stood a couple of feet in front of him and watched intently.

He undressed slowly and methodically, taking off his shirt first and then his jeans and placing them on the end of the bed. Before he took off his boxers I could see he was in a state of arousal. Then he stepped out of his boxers, placing them on the bed too, and stood still. He glanced up at me quickly, then lowered his eyes and looked at the floor, awaiting inspection.

I had seen him naked before, but pictures and web cams are nothing compared to the real thing. I could see he was fit from all the exercise the Navy demands of him, his body was toned. I looked down at his hard cock, knowing that he had not cum for over a week as per my instructions. I could see a bead of pre-cum glistening on tip. I knew he would be controlling his urges.

I walked around him as if circling my prey, making mmm sounds of approval.

I ran my hands down his strong arms, feeling his brown flesh.

"Are these mine?" I asked, teasingly. He nodded.

I moved my hands across his chest, stopping to pinch both nipples lightly.

"How about these?" I teased some more, making him gasp.

"Yes Miss," he answered, his breath starting to quicken. My confidence was growing by the second. Then I moved my hands down his stomach to his hard twitching cock and grabbed it with my right hand.

"This is definitely mine," I hissed and grinned in delight at feeling his cock in my hand for the first time.

He groaned in pleasure, using all of his will power not to cum instantly.

I noticed that he had also followed my instructions and shaved all of his pubic hair so that his cock and balls and ass were smooth for me. Although he was a man we both got a lot of pleasure from role playing that he was just a young teen. I took hold of his ball sack with my left hand, still holding his cock in my right. They felt heavy with cum. I knew they would be empty by the end of this day. Feeling me cupping his balls in one hand and his cock in my other made him whimper. I could see the strain of holding back from cumming was making beads of sweat appear on his forehead.

"Mmm good boy. You haven't cum in a week, have you pet?"

"No Miss. I did as you said Miss," he answered, his voice breaking up a little with the strain of intense concentration.

"Yes, I can tell. Your balls feel heavy pet," I said, giving him a grin of approval as I let go of his genitals. I felt so empowered knowing that I owned this man.

"Well pet, I think cos you have been such a good boy, I will let you cum soon. But not before lunch," I stated, then went and sat down at the table.

It took him a few moments to compose himself before coming over to join me. I noticed more pre-cum was oozing out the tip of his rigid cock as he sat down at the table, naked except for his collar.

I opened the wine and poured two glasses, and then held up mine to propose a toast. Nicky followed my lead and picked up his glass too.

"To us," I declared, "Here's to dreams coming true."

"To us," repeated Nicky as our glasses clanged together.

After a few sips of wine and trying out a few things on the lunch platter, it was starting to feel completely normal to be sitting here eating and drinking with a naked man. It was as if I'd been doing this for years. Nicky had relaxed somewhat too. His cock was still hard but he seemed at ease to be sharing a meal with me. We engaged in normal dinner conversation, asking each other about our families and general small talk. It was very pleasant, but the underlining sexual tension was still in the air.

I poured us both a second glass of wine, finishing the bottle. Then I got up and moved over to the bed, sitting on the edge of it.

"Come here and sit at my feet pet," I ordered, taking my glass with me.

Nicky got up and gulped down the last of his wine, then followed and knelt on the floor at my feet. I sipped at my wine looking down at him. I loved the feeling of control as I stared at his twitching cock, knowing he badly wanted release. The power I had over him was making me so wet. I too wanted release, but I wanted to enjoy every moment of this newly discovered pleasure.

I finished my wine and got up off the bed, placing the empty glass on the table. Nicky's eyes never left me, watching and waiting to see what I would do next.

I walked back to him, feeling his gaze almost burning into me as I took off my jacket and placed it on the bed on top of his clothes.

I smiled at him, and then took off my white blouse too, exposing my sexy black lace bra. He grinned in appreciation of the view. I walked a couple of steps closer so that his face was almost touching my breasts.

"You may touch them pet," I said, giving him permission.

He eagerly reached up both hands and grabbed my breasts simultaneously, giving them a squeeze. We both moaned. I felt myself getting wetter and I saw his cock twitching.

Then I moved away a little and took off my bra. Nicky gasped when he saw my naked tits released from their lacey confinement.

I lay on the bed, propping myself up on the pillows. He went to get up and come to me but remembered at the last moment to wait until he was asked.

"Come here pet. I want you to stand up beside the bed next to me," I ordered.

Nicky got up off his knees and stood over me staring down at my naked tits, wanting to touch them.

"I want you to masturbate now for me pet. Stand there and stroke until you cum. I want you to cum all over my tits, and then lick it off," I instructed.

He grinned, very pleased to be carrying out this order.

"Yes Miss. It would be my pleasure Miss. Thank you Miss," he said excitedly.

I watched intently as he began to stroke his hard cock over me. I knew it wouldn't take long due to how excited he was and how long it was since he came last.

It only took about ten or eleven strokes before he exploded his cum out all over me with a low groan and a gasp of pleasure. It splattered over my tits, the first spurt even hitting my face a little. Most of it landing on my left tit and in the valley between my breasts. I looked down at the warm white sticky mess on my body and then looked up and smiled at him.

"Good doggy," I spoke to him as if he really was a pet. I knew he loved it when I called him names.

A moan of pleasure escaped his lips when he heard that word. Then he remembered what his next task was and leant down and started to lick off his cum from my body.

It felt fucking fantastic. I moaned as I felt his warm tongue lick at my flesh. He made slurping sounds as he hungrily licked up his cum from me, taking a long time to suck at both nipples even though most of the cum wasn't there.

I was squirming in pleasure. I knew my panties must be soaking wet. I felt myself very close to cumming. I hadn't cum before from just nipple stimulation but the whole build up to this point as so intense that I knew I was moments away from release.

Nicky knew me well, he knew what buttons to push, and he knew what to say to make me cum. He pulled back from licking and sucking on my breasts and smiled down at me, looking like the cat that got the cream.

"Can I have some milk please mommy?" he asked in his best 'little boy' voice.

I erupted. It felt like a tidal wave of pleasure cascaded through my entire body. I arched my back and the tidal wave expelled from me as I gushed my cum, drenching my already wet panties.

"Ohhhhh fuck! Yessssss!" I exclaimed, panting and gasping for breath.

Nicky grinned at me with pride. Just knowing he had made his owner cum so good, he felt like if he died right now he would die a contented man. But he knew there was more pleasure ahead. He just looked at me, taking in all of my expressions of pleasure as I rode out the orgasm.

"You look so beautiful when you cum Miss," he said with love as he looked down at me, recovering from my bliss.

"Kiss me pet."

I grabbed his arm to pull him close. We kissed passionately. I could taste his own cum on his tongue. His flavor exciting me, enticing me to want more.

When we broke from the kiss and he stood back up again, I held out my hand for him to help me up.

My gush of cum had not only soaked my panties, my skirt was wet too. I wanted to get out of my wet clothes. I stood beside the bed with Nicky watching me as I took off the rest of my clothes, draping my skirt over the bedside cabinet in the hope it my dry out a little before I had to leave.

I know I am no physical beauty; I am a big woman, with big tits and a big ass. But Nicky looked at my naked form as if I was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. His gaze made me feel beautiful. My self assurance getting even more of a boost.

I lay back down on the bed, naked, with my legs open.

"Yes pet. Yes, mommy will give you some milk cos you are such a good boy," I said, coaxing him back down to me, "Lie between my legs son and suck on mommy's nipples."

Nicky knew me well and was always able to stay with me when we role-played online if I changed from nasty Dom bitch to loving mother, depending on my mood at any particular moment.

I noticed how his cock was hard as rock again, ready for action.

He got back on the bed with me, lying on top of me, placing his body between my legs. He got a good look at my shaved pussy before he lowered himself and began sucking on my nipples once again.

It felt damn good. He flicked them with his tongue, and then went about sucking on one nipple while rubbing the other one between his thumb and forefinger, pinching it and making it hard and erect. He made soft cooing sounds as he sucked, imitating a child nursing on its mother. He then swapped over, sucking on the previously pinched right nipple, and pinching, twisting and pulling on the left.

I moaned and panted, loving this attack on my nipples. Whenever he pulled hard on my nipple I felt my wetness increasing. I could feel his hard cock pressing against me.

"Ohhhh yesss pet! Oh suck harder son! Suck mommy!" I exclaimed, "That's my good boy. Yes! That's it.....yes oh yes....bite it!"

Nicky did as he was told and bit down on my nipple. Pain shot through me and I almost came again. I screamed out and he stopped and looked up at me. I pushed down on his shoulders, wanting him to taste all my pussy juice that his assault made my body produce.

My ever-changing moods dropping the mother act temporarily.

"Drink up my juices dog. Be a good doggie and lick me boy!" I ordered.

Nicky eagerly obeyed and got down into position and firstly breathed in the scent of my sex. My pussy was dripping wet, it glistened with my cum. He began by first kissing my pussy lips, slowly and lovingly, trying to savor this moment that he had been dreaming about for five years.

Then Nicky started to lick me, lapping my pussy up and down like a thirsty dog. I moaned in response to his act of cunnilingus. He may not have been with a woman for quite sometime, but he had forgotten none of his techniques.

His aunt had taught him well. I made a silent thank you to her as I felt myself fast approaching another climax.

Nicky then used his hands to pry open my pussy lips as far as they would go and pushed his tongue right into my hole, darting it in and out fast. His actions were rewarded with a loud squeal from me and a torrent of my cum. I gushed hard. My body arching, my breath coming in short bursts as the orgasmic wave hit me once more. He opened his mouth wide and held it there on my pussy as he drank in my fluid. Then he sucked and licked to make sure he caught as much of it as he could, making slurping sounds and soft humming moans of pleasure as he feasted on me.

"Oh my God! Nicky that was so good pet. Come up here and kiss me," I almost pleaded, my voice still showing signs of recovery.

He reluctantly stopped his delicious task and moved back up to greet my mouth. He smiled at me, so pleased with himself for making his owner cum again. His face was wet with my cum, he looked so happy, like a little boy let loose in an ice cream shop. He was licking his lips as if to make sure he hadn't missed any, making mmm sounds of delight.

We kissed hard and passionately, I even licked his face. I loved to taste my cum on him.

"Did I do good Miss?" he asked coyly as we broke from our kiss. I beamed a smile of gratitude at him.

"Yes pet. You did well. Good boy," I commended him," and now as a reward for being such a good boy, you get to fuck mommy."

He grinned at me. His cock twitched as if it heard me and was getting ready to go to work. Nicky moved down a little and positioned himself so that is hard rod was hovering just above my wet pussy.

"How do you want me Miss?" he asked before entering me.

"Missionary style pet. For our first time I want to look up at you," I replied with a smile. "Put your cock inside mommy son. Fuck me. Fuck your mommy," I said with incestuous lust.

We had always enjoyed role playing mother and son online and it turned me on big time whenever he called me mommy.

He responded by shoving his big throbbing cock into me with one hard thrust. Just plunged it deep into me. I gasped in both surprise and pleasure as I felt his manhood fill me up. Nicky moaned in absolute delight as he felt the warmth of my pussy hugging his cock. He just held it deep inside me for a moment, looking down at me, seeing the pleasure on my face.

He kissed me lightly, and then began moving in and out of me slowly. Pulling almost all the way out but then stopping just before his cock slipped out as thrusting it back inside me.

"Oh mommy!" he exclaimed, "Oh I love fucking you mommy."

His words exciting even more as I pushed my hips up to meet his thrusts. We were fucking for real, flesh on flesh. I glanced down to see his hard brown cock moving in and out of my wet pink pussy and it looked so fucking hot. It looked as good as it felt. I knew I would cum again soon. I urged him on.

"Harder son! Harder! Fuck mommy hard as you can boy!" I screamed at him.

He was already moaning and breathing so hard, but he did as he was told and fucked me harder and faster. Pounding his cock into me over and over. My orgasm was close; I felt the beginning of my climax wave.

"Oh Miss! I can't hold it Miss! Please Miss. May I cum?" he begged me.

I could see beads of sweat on his face as he tried to control his orgasm.

"Yesssssss! Oh fuck yessss!" I moaned loudly as I climaxed. The ecstasy wave flowing through me.

My orgasm tripped his and Nicky filled me with his seed. He grunted and cursed as he released his cum inside me. He lay on top of me and I felt him shudder. He was gasping from the excursion. I held him close as we both enjoyed the sensation of his cum in me. Five years of wanting and wishing, hoping and desiring for this moment.

"I love you mommy," he said, finally catching his breath and we kissed.

"I love you too Nicky," I responded with genuine affection.

He smiled then got off of me and lay down next to me. We needed a bit of a break. I only then noticed how thirsty I was. I asked him to get up and pour us both a juice, which he did and then got back on the bed with me. We sat up and quenched our thirsts; both of us seemed to have a permanent smile, a contented happy grin.

I would have been quite happy just to rest there for a while and talk, but I guess Nicky had remembered all the times we had role-played and I had told him that it was his job to always clean out my pussy with his tongue after he came in me. So he crawled back down the bed and got between my legs once again and at first he just stared and smiled at the view of seeing his own cum oozing out of my pussy. It pleased him so much to know he had given me so much pleasure. Then he went about his cleaning task, licking and sucking and slurping up his cum from me.

Oh fuck did it turn me on. I couldn't help but to groan. His tongue flicked over my clit and it was so sensitive, I gasped. That caused Nicky to look up and smile a wicked grin at me. It felt good but at the same time I wanted a bit of a break, I wanted just to sit and rest and talk for a little while. But before that I wanted even more to see his cum on his tongue.

"Show me your tongue pet," I instructed.

He leant back down, making sure to get a big glob of his white cream on his tongue. Then he moved up and stuck his tongue out in front of me, showing his owner that what I wanted to see.

I reached out and grabbed him, pulling his face closer and kissed him. Sucking on his tongue, tasting his cum, sharing it with him.

"Mmm so tasty pet," I said with a wicked grin as I released my hold on him.

"You are such a dirty doggie, aren't you pet?"

"Yes Miss. I am," he replied, grinning back at me. I motioned for him to come back up and lie next to me, which he did.

Nicky lay beside me and put his arm around me, hugging me close. I was semi sitting up. I put my arm around his shoulder and then began to play with his hair lovingly, patting him like a pet. His head was resting on my breast and so he instinctively starting to nurse on me, suckling at my nipple.

I was happy just to stay like that for awhile and rest up.

There was so much I wanted to do with him and to him. I wasn't going to be able to fit them all in one day but I knew I had four more so there really was no need to rush and do everything all at once.

I glanced at my watch. Time had flown by; as time always did when you were doing something you enjoyed.

I probably had enough time to shower and have a coffee with my pet before returning to my 'other life'.

"I'm going to have to go soon pet," I announced, "but I need a shower first."

He let go of his embrace on me and got up off the bed. He looked a little sad to think of me going, but understood the circumstances and knew that I would be back tomorrow.

"Of course Miss. May I be of service to you Miss?" he asked, "I could wash you if it pleases you Miss."

The idea did please me, it pleased me a lot. I nodded my approval and grinned wickedly at him, both of us knowing full well of my fantasies involving the shower. Over the years we had talked about and role played every one of our deep dark fantasies and one particular fetish I had wanted to try but could never suggest to my husband, was I wanted to try water-sports. I knew just the thought of something so taboo would disgust him, but the idea turned me on and many a time my slave had spoken of his willingness to be subjected to my kinky desires. 

Nicky knew what I wanted when I told him to take off his collar and then sit on the shower floor. I had not turned the shower on yet, as I intended on giving my slave a golden shower first. He obeyed and I stepped in also, straddling my legs over him, looking down at him as he moved into a position that would ensure my urine would wet his face. I was so turned on at what I was about to do but even though I had drank two glasses of wine and a glass of juice, I seemed unable to just pee instantly.

"Ask for it slave!" I hissed at him, "Beg for my piss like the dog you are!"

Nicky could see how much I was turned on by this and he knew it was his job to service his owner and please me in whatever way I wanted. I could tell by his expression and the moan that escaped from his mouth that he was also very turned on by my speaking to him so harshly. His cock was hard yet again.

"Please Miss. Pee on Your dog!" he begged, "Piss on me Miss. Piss all over your slut-dog!"

I started to pant. His pleading made my pussy wet again. I felt a surge of pussy juice. Then I relaxed my pussy muscles and released my full bladder. My piss made a hissing sound as it squirted out all over his face. I moaned loudly in pleasure as I watched his face get drenched in my urine. I pushed it out as hard and fast as I could. He had his eyes closed, but his mouth open. It went all over his face and dribbled down his neck onto his chest. I know at least some of it would have gone into his mouth and the thought of that made me feel a little dizzy so I held onto the shower wall for support.

Then just when I was thinking how that felt so good, it had almost made me cum again, he clamped his hungry mouth on my pussy and began to lick up the drips of my pee. He licked and sucked furiously and I moaned again, holding on to the shower walls with both hands now.

It was all too much, so filthy and kinky, I came hard into his dirty mouth.

"Ohhhhhh fuck! Ohhh yessss!" I moaned, "Oh you filthy dirty dog!"

My whole body seemed to shake; I came so hard and so good. I almost fell over from the sheer intensity of my orgasm.

"Mmmm mommy tastes good," he said wickedly, looking up at me.

He had stopped licking and sucking on my pussy, finally deciding that he had cleaned off all my pee.

I grinned as I looked down at him, his face so wet. I was so happy with my pet for fulfilling one of my long time fantasies. I wanted to kiss him. I didn't care that he would taste of my urine. But there was something else I wanted first.

"Good boy. You are such a good doggie," I praised him. "Get up now pet, stand up," I instructed.

He obeyed and stood up, facing me. He waited; wanting to kiss me but not sure if he was allowed because of him tasting of pee.

Then I did something he wasn't expecting. I knelt down in front of him and looked up.

"Piss on me pet. Pee on your mommy's tits," I instructed, holding up my heavy tits.

Nicky moaned in pleasure and his hard cock twitched. He held it down and aimed it at my breasts. It was difficult for him to urinate as his cock was so hard. I let go of my tits and slapped his cock.

He jumped and gasped, not expecting that.

I slapped it again, harder this time.

"I said piss! Do it now dog!" I ordered him.

He whimpered in pain. He tried to concentrate and pee on me but my slaps had only turned him on more. I grabbed hold of his balls and squeezed. Shooting pain went through him and he yelped.

"Ohhhh fuck!" he screamed and jumped back on reflex, banging into the shower wall.

I still held his balls in my hand. I did not release my grip. I pulled him closer by the balls. I could see his eyes were watery from the pain. But it was working, his cock was softening.

"Please Miss. Please let go. I can do it now Miss," he pleaded, begging for mercy.

I gave him an evil, wicked grin. I may have been below him at this moment but I was still in control. I let go of his balls and held my tits up again, waiting.

He was panting. He held his cock in one hand and aimed it at my tits once more. He had an intense look of concentration on his face.

Then I felt it, the first drips of warm piss on my tits. He relaxed and released his bladder onto me. It came out in a fast torrent, splashing up and hitting me in the chin and completely soaking my tits. I squealed in delight. It felt fucking fantastic. I loved the nastiness of it, so dirty and kinky.

"Yessssssss!" I moaned, feeling my pussy clench in excitement.

When his flow stopped, I stood up to face him.

"What a dirty boy you are," I teased, "such a naughty slutty boy pissing all over your mommy like that."

He grinned at me, his cock already starting to harden again.

"Lick me clean now," I ordered, "Use your dirty tongue and lick me dog."

"Yes Miss," he said passively and then leant his face down and started to lick his own piss off my tits.

We both moaned in pleasure. He licked and sucked my nipples and all over and in between my tits. I loved every minute of it. I loved the power rush of making him do dirty things. I could tell by his soft moans and his hard cock that he loved it too.

"Good doggie. You can stop now," I instructed, "You have been such a good dog, that mommy is going to let you fuck her doggie style he-he," I said with a naughty giggle.

"Mmm, oh thank you mommy," he said with a cheeky smile.

I turned around and bent over. Nicky positioned his throbbing cock against my slit and pushed inside. My pussy was wet with vaginal juice and traces of piss, so he slid in easily. We moaned again in unison.

He held my hips and moved his hard brown cock in and out of my wet pink hole, looking down to enjoy the view.

We were both moaning and panting. Nicky thrust hard into me, I egged him on asking him to do me harder. He pounded away relentlessly until he pushed me over the edge and I came in a gush, coating his hard cock inside me.

I moaned louder as climaxed.

"Ohhhh fuck yessss!" I cried out as I released.

I moved off his cock and stood up, turning around to face my slave. He was still hard and throbbing, his cock oozing pre-cum. He had not cum with me.

I reached up and turned the shower-head so that it was facing him and turned on the water. It came out cold and he jumped and yelped a little.

I laughed at him and took the removable shower hose from its hook and aimed the cold water right at his rigid cock.

"Down boy!" I laughed at him, "No more for you today slut. You have to wait for tomorrow."

"Oh! It's cold Miss," he shrieked, stating the obvious.

He was squirming and trying to get away from the cold water attacking his cock and balls, but there really wasn't anywhere to go in such a confined space.

I saw his erection was going down from the shock of the cold water. I then changed the temperature to warm and hung the hose back up in its place.

I picked up the soap and handed it to Nicky.

"Wash me first slave. I have to go soon pet or I'm going to be late," I stated.

"Yes Miss. Of course Miss."

He lovingly washed my breasts, soaping them up with lots of lather. Then he moved down and washed my stomach and thighs. I opened my legs to allow him to get his hand between and clean me. His strong hands felt good on my body and I could see his erection was back. After he had cleaned my entire front, I turned around and he washed my back. As his hands moved down to my ass, I bent over. His hands were caressing me as he cleaned me. He washed the back of my legs then went back up to my ass and cleaned it thoroughly. Using a soapy finger, he rubbed my tight little hole. Then he pushed his soapy finger inside my hole, moving it in and out, causing me to moan.

It didn't see it but that made my slave smile. He adored my big ass and was hoping I would let him fuck it sometime during his visit here.

He took his finger out and I stood upright again and rinsed off all the soap.

"Oh that feels better pet. I feel good now," I said, "Just make sure I'm all clean. That's my good boy." And I bent over again for him to check.

"Yes Miss. You look clean, but let me check for you Miss," he said playfully.

I felt him pry open my ass cheeks with both hands. Then I felt his tongue lick me up and down my crack. It felt wonderful. I moaned in primal lust as he pushed the tip of his tongue right into my asshole. He darted his tongue in and out, then licked all around the hole, rimming me. I was starting to pant again, feeling my temperature rise.

It felt amazing and I didn't really want to stop, but I knew I was going to be late home if I didn't hurry up and I did not want my husband to suspect anything. So I stood up, moving off his prying tongue.

"Mmm that feels so good pet, but I have to go now. You can do that again tomorrow," I said with a grin.

"Yes Miss. Thank you Miss," he answered, smiling back at me.

I got out of the shower and dried myself, leaving Nicky in there to wash his own body. I put my clothes back on, my skirt was still a little damp but not noticeable unless you felt it. My panties were completely soaked so I didn't even bother about them, making a mental note to myself to bring a spare pair tomorrow.

I decided to just leave my bag of sex toys in Nicky's hotel room.

Time had gone by so fast, I didn't even get the chance to use my strap-on on him yet, but I still had four more days of pleasure to go and that thought brought a wicked grin to my face.

I was dressed and just brushing my hair when Nicky emerged from the bathroom. He had a towel around his waist and I noticed he had remembered to put his collar back on. He had also been considerate and brushed his teeth while he was in there, the mint paste taking away the taste of cum and piss from his well used mouth.

He looked a little sad knowing I was about to leave. I didn't want a long goodbye and a glance at my watch reminded me I didn't have the time for one anyway.

"Don't fret my sweet pet," I said lovingly as I walked up to him, "I will be back at 9 am tomorrow morning."

"Yes. I know Miss, but I shall still miss you until then," he replied with love in his voice too.

"You have my permission to go out if you wish pet. You may do what you like except you are not allowed to cum again until I tell you to, when I return tomorrow," I instructed, "Is that understood slave?"

"Yes Miss. Understood," he answered.

"Excuse Miss but you forgot your bag," Nicky said as I started to walk to the door.

"I'm leaving that here pet. I will need it for tomorrow," I said with a cheeky grin.

"Oh ok Miss. I will see you tomorrow then. Take care Miss," he said with a touch of curiosity in his voice, as he wondered what could be in the bag.

I reached up and took his face in my hands and kissed him lovingly. I noticed his mouth tasted good and was pleased he had been so thoughtful whilst in the bathroom. He kissed me back with passion.

I broke the kiss, knowing I had to go. I opened the door and stepped through it.

"Bye for now pet. I will be back before you know it," I said reassuringly.

"I love you Nicky. Take care," I said, closing the door behind me.

"I love you too Miss," he replied, but I didn't hear him as I was rushing down the corridor to the foyer to get back to my car.

I was smiling all the way home, thinking about our activities today and looking forward to trying out some of my sex toys on my slave tomorrow.

Nicky was smiling to himself too. He had made his owner cum many times. He felt contented that he had pleased me and relieved that after meeting him in person, nothing had changed. He still felt that I wanted him and loved him.

The fears and worries that he had thought of on his way to meet me, dissolved.

Nicky sat down on his hotel bed. It was almost 5 pm now. He could go out. I had given permission, and he did want to look around, but he suddenly felt quite tired. It had been a long flight, followed by hours of sex, so it wasn't surprising that his body needed to recharge. So he decided he would just eat dinner at the hotel tonight and then watch some television in his room and get an early night.

He had an idea he was going to need all his strength tomorrow.

My Pet Ch. 02
bynz_marie©

I woke up Tuesday morning, rubbed my eyes, and then looked at the clock. Time to get up, big day ahead. I smiled to myself as I remembered yesterday's activities. It still didn't seem real, but as I glanced over to my dresser and saw the jewelry that Nicky had given me, I knew it had not been a dream.

I got up and woke my kids up and we all went about our normal week day morning routine. Again I wore my usual office work clothes, which concealed my dark purple lacey bra and matching g-string. I made a point of putting in a spare pair of panties in my handbag this time. I also made sure I put back on my new jewelry, a gift from my pet.

I dropped my kids off to school as per usual and then made my way to Nicky's hotel room. I had my own key, so I didn't even bother to knock once I got there. I just walked in.

Nicky wasn't there. At first I was a little bewildered as to where he might be, and then I started to get worried. I sat down on his bed and waited.

After ten minutes I was actually beginning to get annoyed. After all, he knew I would be here by 9 am and he knew that we only had these few precious days before he would have to go back home. Irritated, I picked up my phone and rang his mobile number. I jumped a little when I heard the ringing; the sound was coming from his suitcase on the floor. Damn! How stupid and annoying, leaving his mobile phone in his hotel room when he was alone in a strange country.

Now I was angry, I was swearing to myself and thinking about how much trouble he was going to be in when he did finally turn up. I was also thinking that I might have to go looking for him, having no clue where to start or even what direction he may have gone in. I was worried, but for some reason, I was more angry at him than anything else.

I was just about to leave and start my futile search for Nicky, when he walked through the door. He looked flustered.

"I'm so very sorry Miss," he said with sincerity.

"Where the fuck have you been!" I screamed at him, totally furious for being kept waiting for so long. I walked up to him and was about to slap him when I noticed he was holding something in a bag.

He looked frightened by my tone and instinctively dropped to his knees in front of me, looking up at me with pleading eyes.

"I'm so so sorry Miss. I got lost Miss. I just went out to get you something. Please forgive me Miss," he said, almost crying.

"I should slap you for keeping me waiting for so long pet," I said, still annoyed but my anger lessening knowing the reason for his lateness.

"Yes Miss. I deserve it Miss. You should punish me Miss," he said, sounding like he actually wanted me to hit him.

I felt a strong urge to hit him, partly because I was still a bit annoyed at him but mostly because the idea of slapping him excited me.

I struck his left cheek with my right hand as he looked up at me; his eyes were wide and seemed to almost beg me to strike him. The action caused my hand to sting a little from the impact and Nicky gasped. I knew it wouldn't have really hurt as I am not that strong. I think it was more from excitement than pain that caused Nicky to gasp.

I only slapped his face once. I really just wanted to know what it felt like to slap a man like that, to hit a male without any fear of him hitting back. It felt fucking fantastic! The power rush it gave me surged through my body and seemed to end up at my nipples because they went hard instantly and began to tingle.

I glanced down at Nicky's crutch and saw that my nipples weren't the only thing my slap had caused to harden.

"Oh!" he gasped, "Thank you Miss."

I wasn't sure if he was thanking me for slapping him or thanking me for exciting him, but it made me smile.

"Ok pet. I guess you had better show me what you have in your bag then. Show me what it is that made you keep your owner waiting," I said, my voice no longer showing anger.

"Oh yes Miss. Of course Miss," he said putting his hand in the bag and pulling out a bouquet of fresh flowers, "I wanted to get you these Miss."

He held up them up to me with a smile.

"Oh Nicky! They are so lovely," I said smiling back at him and taking them from his hand. I inhaled their perfume and then walked over and placed them on the desk. I felt a twinge of guilt that I had slapped him when he was only late due to doing something nice for me, but then I reminded myself that it was obvious that he enjoyed the slap just as much as I enjoyed issuing it.

I walked back over to him; he was still kneeling in the same position. I just now noticed that he was in fact wearing the dog collar I gave him and it pleased me greatly to know he had been out in public in it. He would have had to walk into a store and buy the flowers and I'm sure the person serving at the counter would have noticed it. It's not exactly a common thing in New Zealand to see someone walking around wearing a dog collar.

"Take off your clothes pet," I commanded, "You are not to wear anything but your collar when we are here in your room."

"Yes Miss."

Nicky stood up and took off his clothes, even before he took off his boxers I could see he was in a state of arousal.

He placed his clothes in a neat pile on a chair next to the bed, and then walked back over to me and stood still, awaiting inspection. I enjoyed watching him walk towards me with his cock erect. It was exciting for me to look at his naked form and know that I owned that body.

I encircled him. I would never tire of this daily inspection. I ran my hand over his brown skin as I walked around him. He shivered slightly at my touch.

"Mmmm all mine," I said with lust as I touched his body.

"Yes Miss," he said quietly.

"Did you look in my bag pet?" I asked, as I continued my exploration of his body with my hand.

"No Miss," he replied in almost a whisper, his eyes looking down at the floor.

"Don't lie to me!" I scolded him, "I will know if you are lying and you will be in much more trouble if you ever lie to me." I lifted his face up by his chin with my left hand so that I could look into his eyes.

"I'm sorry Miss," he whined his apology like a child caught with his hand in the cookie jar, "I just couldn't help it Miss. I just had to see what was in there."

His guilty expression confirming my suspicion.

"You are lucky that you admitted the truth to me slave," I informed him, "You are still going to get punished, but because you were honest with me, I will allow you to cum today."

"Yes Miss. Thank you Miss," he said submissively.

"So pet, what did you think of all my toys you found in my bag hmm?" I asked teasingly.

"Very interesting Miss," he said with a sheepish grin.

"Yes I thought so too pet," I said, walking over to my bag and picking it up off the floor.

I placed my bag on the bed and opened it. Nicky was watching my every move, but kept standing in the same place.

I took out the cock ring and brought it with me as I walked back to Nicky.

"This is going to be difficult to put on while you are in that state, isn't it pet?" I asked rhetorically.

"Yes Miss. I don't think it will fit when I'm hard like this Miss," he said, stating the obvious.

"Well then I guess we have two choices pet. I could make you masturbate and cum so that you will go soft. Or I could slap your cock a few times until you go down," I said wickedly.

That suggestion made his hard cock twitch. It seemed to like being talked about.

"So what will it be pet?"

As he was considering the choices, I went back to my bag of tricks and brought out a wooden ruler. Walking back to Nicky, I was smacking my own hand with the ruler lightly but enough to make a slapping sound.

I looked at him, his eyes showing excitement with a hint of fear.

"Well?" I pushed for an answer.

"Whatever pleases you Miss," he answered meekly.

"Kneel slave," I commanded and he obeyed.

I went back to my bag and took out some handcuffs. I moved behind him and cuffed his wrists together. We both knew it wasn't possible for him to masturbate without the use of his hands. I felt Nicky's body stiffen as the realization of my intentions registered.

I moved back around in front of him, slapping my own hand with the ruler again.

He was nervous and looking at the floor. But his cock was giving away all his thoughts, as it was even harder than it had been before and was now freely leaking pre-cum.

Using the ruler, I lifted up his chin so that he was looking up at me.

"Do you realize how much all of these toys cost me, slave?" I asked but not really expecting an answer.

"No Miss," he replied passively.

"A lot of money. Such an expensive whore you are. You had better make sure I get my moneys worth slut!" I exclaimed as I hit his cock twitching cock with the ruler, making him gasp and jump.

I grinned, I felt so wicked to be abusing him like this and yet it excited me so much. I could feel myself getting wet.

I hit his cock again, making him whimper this time.

I love this feeling of total control, being able to do what I like to my slave is such a rush.

I hit his cock a third time, harder this time.

He cried out in pain.

"Please Miss. No more Miss," he begged me.

I looked down at his abused cock, it was still hard. Not as hard as it was before but still not soft enough to get a cock ring on it. There were reddish marks on the skin of his cock from the ruler. It turned me on even more to see the evidence.

Nicky was panting, struggling to come to terms with his own internal battle. My abuse was turning him on and yet the pain was hard to bear. He was trying to will himself to go soft. I could see the intense concentration on his face.

I slapped his cock again with the ruler, this time three short sharp smacks. It must have hurt like hell. He screamed and instinctively tried to move away from me. His eyes full of water, tears running down his face.

Again I felt a twinge of guilt, but the wetness between my legs told me to ignore it.

And it had worked. I looked at his sore cock and it had softened.

I took the cock ring and pushed it onto his mistreated cock. He cried out again in pain as I forced it all the way up to the base, pulling on the end of his penis as I pushed up the cock ring as far as it would go. His tears ran freely down his face as he had no hands free to be able to wipe them away. Nicky was panting, trying to recover from that ordeal.

"Good boy," I praised him now for his ability to take my abuse, "Such a good doggie you are pet. You will be rewarded now." and with that I got down on my hands and knees in front of him and took his tender cock in my hand and gently began to lick and suck his wounds. He moaned as he felt my warm mouth enclose around his soft cock. I licked and sucked slowly and lovingly. I kissed where I saw the marks the ruler had made. I kissed the tip of his cock too and flicked my tongue all around, feeling his penis grow hard once again inside my mouth.

I stopped and stood up again, looking back down at him, smiling. Mentally ticking off another thing from my list of 'things I want to do to my slave' that I had in my mind.

"Thank you Miss," said Nicky now that he had recovered. Although his cock was still tender he did not complain about it.

The oral work I had performed reminded me that I was thirsty. I went to my bag and took out the dog leash I had brought from the pet store when I had purchased the collar that my slave was now wearing with pride and proof of ownership. I attached the leash to Nicky's collar and then un-cuffed him. Once his hands were free, he leaned forward so that he was in the crawling position. Nicky knew full well how much I desired to have my pet on a leash and have him crawl around on all fours like a dog. It excited us both.

I walked over to the small fridge to find a drink.

"Come on doggie. Time for walkies," I spoke to him in a condescending voice, treating him like he was really a dog.

Nicky followed me, crawling fast to keep up. I purposely took my time and even though the room wasn't that big, I made a point of walking all around it so that I could watch him scramble to keep up. I poured us both an orange juice, and then with the leash around my wrist I carried both glasses over to the table and placed them on it. I then sat down at the table with Nicky sitting at my feet like an obedient dog. He looked up at me wondering if he should get up and sit at the table with me, but I handed him his glass of juice, answering his unspoken question with my action.

Nicky stayed at my feet drinking as I looked down at him while I quenched my thirst. I still held the leash in one hand. I emptied my glass and placed it back on the table. I glanced at my watch. It was 11.30 am already. I had thought of taking Nicky out somewhere for lunch, but time just went by so fast when we were together. I decided I would just order room service and stay here today. I stood up and wrapped the leash around the back of the chair like you would do if you had a dog on a leash and didn't want it to wander off.

"Stay!" I ordered, smirking at Nicky. I loved talking to him like a dog.

I walked over to the bed, sat on it and picked up the phone. I rang room service and ordered a plate of sandwiches, fresh fruit and coffee to be delivered in one hour.

I glanced over at my pet, he must be wondering what my next move was. He knew what I had in my bag of tricks.

I thought to myself, yes an hour should be time enough.

I went back to Nicky, who was waiting patiently for my next move. I untangled the leash and lead him to the bed.

"Get up on the bed dog," I commanded. Nicky obeyed and got up onto the bed, remaining on all fours. I attached the leash to the headboard. I then picked up the handcuffs from the floor where I had discarded them earlier.

"Now pet, I want you to stay on your knees near the edge of the bed but as well I want you to lean down so that your face is on the bed, to the side, and I want you to put your hands behind your back again," I instructed. Nicky looked a little confused at my instructions.

"Come on dog! Face down, ass up!" I ordered, giving him a slap on his ass cheek for good measure.

"Yes Miss!" he exclaimed and got into position.

I handcuffed his hands behind his back once more. He looked so venerable like that, his body resting on his shoulders, his face to one side so that he could breathe, and his ass pointing straight up at me. It almost seemed to beg me to touch it. I could see he was clenching his ass in anticipation of what was to come.

I rubbed my hands over both cheeks, caressing them. Then I squeezed them both simultaneously.

"All mine," I declared.

Nicky moaned and I could see his hard cock twitch from between his legs.

I went back into my bag and got out the butt plug that I had brought from the sex shop. I picked up the tube of lube too and for a moment pondered if I should use it or not.

A glance up at the flowers on the desk helped me to decide. After all, I knew it had been awhile since Nicky had anal sex and his ass would be tight like a virgins again by now.

I placed the butt plug and lube right next to his face on the bed. He gasped and his eyes grew wide when he saw it, knowing what I had in mind

I stood behind him and slapped his ass with my hand.

"Spread those legs slut!" I demanded. He obeyed and was starting to breathe a little faster in apprehension of what I was going to do to him.

I think he expected me to just shove the butt plug into him hard and roughly and perhaps part of him wanted that. I know part of me wanted to hurt him for no reason other than I can. But also a big part of me loved him and I needed to control myself as well as him. I wanted to show my pet love as well as pain.

I pried open his ass cheeks as far as I could with both my hands, exposing his little puckered hole to me. Then I leaned in and licked from the back of his ball sack all the way up the crack of his ass, past his hole and right up to his lower back. One long, slow lick.

"Ohhhh Miss," he moaned in pleasure.

I licked him again, up and down his crack this time. I did this a few times, causing my pet to moan in delight. I pulled back, still holding his cheeks apart as wide as I could, then I spat on him at the top of his ass crack. A big glob of my saliva and I watched it as it slowly trickled down his crack to his puckered hole. Nicky groaned. I'm not sure if it was the sensation of feeling my saliva dribble down his ass or just the fact that I spat on him, but it sure as hell excited him. Damn it looked good too. I just watched for a moment. I could feel that power rush coming over me again. My crutch was getting wetter by the minute.

I leant back in and this time I rimmed him. I ran my tongue all over and around his little hole, and then I pushed the tip of my tongue into it. Pushed my tongue right inside his asshole, darting it in and out. I was fucking his ass with my tongue and it was driving him wild.

He was panting and moaning and mumbling things I couldn't even make out. I'm sure his cock must have been hurting, straining against the cock ring, wanting release.

Then I stopped and pulled back, letting go of his ass cheeks and giving his right one a smack.

"Like that did you pet?" I asked, already knowing the answer.

"Oh.... Yes.... Miss. Thank you.... Miss," he replied, still panting between his words.

Before he could forget the pleasure I had just bestowed on him, I picked up the tube of lube and poured a liberal amount on his asshole. I pushed my finger into his hole to push some of the lube inside it, moving my finger in and out. His moans of delight made it perfectly obvious that he loved it. I could feel his anus contracting around my finger.

His sigh of disappointment when I removed my finger made me grin. My slut wanted more.

I poured more lube onto the tip of the butt plug and shoved it into him.

He screamed in pain as I forced it into him. I slapped his ass hard with my left hand, still pushing the butt plug into him with my right.

"Stop that screaming slut or I'm going to have to gag you!" I growled at him, "You will have the management up here if you make too much noise."

"Yes Miss. Sorry Miss," he answered, whimpering a little.

It was hard going getting this damn plug in all the way. It was bigger than I thought. I began to twist it into him like a screw, turning and pushing. That worked and soon it was all the way in, stretching my whore's hole.

I stood back a little and admired my handiwork, grinning to myself.

Nicky was panting quietly, trying to adjust to this invasion in his ass.

I went to my handbag and took out my digital camera. I took pictures of him with his ass in the air. A close-up of the butt plug filling up his hole and a side view so that I could get his whole body and face in the shot.

"You look like a complete slut like that," I announced to him.

"I feel like a slut Miss. I'm your slut Miss," he admitted.

"Lunch will be here in a few minutes pet," I said as I un-cuffed him and unattached the leash from the headboard, "Stand up now."

It can't have been comfortable getting up off the bed and standing up with that plug in him, but he obeyed. When he stood in front of me again, I could see his cock was still hard and twitching. The tip glistened with his pre-cum.

"Put a towel over your lap and sit at the table," I instructed, "You don't want to frighten the staff when they bring us lunch, now do you pet?" I said with a giggle.

"Yes Miss. No of course not Miss," he said with a cheeky grin and sat at the table and placed a towel over his naked hard cock. I saw him wince from the obvious discomfort as he sat down with that plug deep inside him. But my slave did not complain, he just adjusted himself into the position on the chair that caused the least amount of pain.

Just then there was a knock at the door.

"Room service," announced the woman on the other side of the door.

I opened it and took the tray from her. I was still fully dressed so I had no hesitation in opening it, but Nicky looked a little nervous, hoping the woman wouldn't notice him and the leash that was dangling down his chest from the collar.

She smiled at me and I smiled back, and then I thanked her and locked the door again behind her.

I walked back over and placed the tray on the table.

Without even having to remind him, as soon as I locked the door, Nicky removed the towel from his lap. He knew I liked to eat with him when he's naked.

I sat down with him and we enjoyed our refreshments. We did not speak of sexual things as we ate. I felt quite calm, just chatting and eating lunch with Nicky. I liked that I was fully dressed and he was totally naked apart from the dog collar and leash. It gave me a sense of superiority. I knew it would not be comfortable sitting on a chair with a butt plug up him, but he did not complain, he seemed to relish in the humiliation of being treated as my inferior. It almost seemed a normal thing for him to be sitting at a table eating whilst naked with a leash dangling down his front.

"Did you go out last night after I left pet?" I inquired.

"No Miss. I was too tired and thought it best to get an early night Miss," he replied.

"Oh ok. Did you sleep well pet?" I asked.

"Yes Miss. Thank you for asking Miss. I hope you did too Miss," he answered.

"Yes I did pet. I also went to bed quite early. I actually thought about taking you out today for lunch, but the time went by so fast. Maybe tomorrow." I replied.

"Would you like to go out for lunch somewhere tomorrow pet?" I offered.

"Oh yes please Miss. That would be wonderful," he answered with a smile, "Thank you Miss."

I smiled back at him. We had both finished eating and were just sipping at our coffees.

Time went by too fast. I only had three more hours before I would have to go back home again and there was so much more I wanted to do to my slave before then. I hadn't even made him make me cum yet. That was about to change. I also needed to relieve my bladder. I wanted to use my slave's mouth to achieve both of these needs.

It was going to be messy, so the bathroom seemed a good place to go. I got up and picked up the end of the leash that dangled down the middle of Nicky's chest. As I reached down and took hold of the leash I couldn't resist giving his cock a slap. Making him jump as it was unexpected, forgetting momentarily the butt plug, which caused him to winch in pain when he landed back down in the chair. He let out a small yelp which made me grin and snicker at him. Nicky smiled sheepishly at me. He knew rest time was over.

Nicky got on all fours and followed me as I lead him away from the table by his leash to the end of the bed.

"Heel doggie," I said, indicating that he should sit at my feet.

Nicky obeyed and sat at my feet looking up at me for my next instruction.

"Take off my skirt slave," I ordered.

Nicky reached up and gently pulled down my skirt and I stepped out of it. He smiled when he saw my dark purple g-string. He laid my skirt nicely across the bed and sat back down waiting to see what I wanted next.

"Open your mouth dog," I commanded and he obeyed.

Nicky sat at my feet looking up at me with his mouth wide open. I put the handgrip of the leash in his mouth. Then I took off my blouse and placed it on the bed on top of my skirt.

"Stay!" I ordered my pet. Then I walked off to the bathroom and stood at the bathroom door and turned to look at Nicky who was watching my every move. He looked so much like a dog holding his leash in his mouth wanting his owner to take him for a walk.

"Come here dog!" I called to him, "Here doggie doggie, come here boy!"

Nicky crawled over to me on all fours as fast as he could. It looked quite humorous and I had to giggle.

I moved over to the toilet and put the lid down. I then lifted up one leg and rested my foot on the toilet seat lid, opening my legs wide as I could.

"Come here boy," I ordered and he crawled over to me and sat at my feet like a good dog.

"Open that potty mouth and suck on this!" I demanded, pointing to my pussy. My panties were already a bit wet. He let go of his leash in his mouth and hungrily began to suck on my crutch. He was sucking my panties right into his mouth as he tried to get his tongue underneath the fabric.

I grabbed him by his hair and held him there tight. Then I just released, I relaxed and just let my piss flow into his waiting mouth. He was making slurping sounds as he tried to swallow as much as he could. But some of it was leaking out and dribbling down his chin and down my legs. My panties were completely soaked with my pee and I was close to cumming. It turned me on so much to use his mouth and body as my personal toilet and I loved calling him nasty names while I did nasty things to him.

"Suck up all my piss you dirty fucking dog!" I hissed at him, "That's it slut-dog use your potty mouth and lick my legs clean," I demanded. Nicky lapped up the drips of piss that had run down my legs once I released my grip on his hair.

It felt so good to feel his tongue on my skin and it turned me on so much looking down at him and seeing his face wet with my urine.

I grabbed him by the hair again to make him stop.

"Enough dog!" I commanded, "Now pull down my wet panties and get to work making me cum. That is your job isn't it slut?"

"Yes Miss!"

Nicky obeyed and pulled down my soaking wet panties and I stepped out of them. I then grabbed him by the hair again and pulled his face back into my wet pissy cunt. I didn't have to tell him again. He just went straight back to licking and sucking. Prodding my cunt with his tongue, pushing it in as deep as he could. I felt him dart his tongue in and out, fucking me with it. He scrapped his teeth lightly across my clit, causing me to moan loudly. Then he put his mouth over my clit and hummed. Damn that felt good. I started to hump my hips into him, feeling my release was close. He worked hard, licking and sucking and prying with his tongue. I was panting. I pulled on his hair and grinded my cunt into his mouth, making it hard for him to breathe but he kept going. He knew what his job was, he knew his purpose.

Finally it hit me. That wonderful wave of pleasure flowing through my body and I gushed my cum into my slaves expectant mouth.

"Ohhhh fuck yessssss!" I moaned, still holding onto his hair, but for support this time.

It felt fantastic and made me a little giddy, so I removed my leg from the toilet seat and put it back down on the floor to steady myself.

I let go of my grip on Nicky's hair and then patted him on the head.

"Good boy," I said praising him for his efforts.

"Thank you Miss. You taste delicious Miss," he responded.

I loved seeing his face smiling up at me, so wet with my piss and cum. He reeked of me and I loved it. Was like some primal form of marking my territory. I had marked my property with my scent.

I felt like the time was right to try out my most expensive sex toy. I lent down and picked up my soaking wet panties off the floor.

"Open your mouth dog," I ordered. Nicky obeyed and I shoved my wet pissed in panties into his mouth. That will keep him quiet I thought.

"Stay!" I commanded and I walked off back into the bedroom. I left Nicky there kneeling in a puddle of my urine and sucking on my pee soaked g-string.

It took me a few moments to work out the harness, but I got it attached and the dildo felt good as part of it went inside my pussy as well as having a big plastic pink cock on the outside.

I took off my bra so that all I was wearing with the strap-on dildo and harness. I took out a plastic sheet I had packed in my bag. I didn't really want to have to explain to the hotel management if the bed got wet. I stripped the bedding off the bed and lay the plastic sheet down and then walked back to the bathroom and stood in the doorway.

Nicky's eyes grew wide when he saw my big plastic pink cock sticking out of me, he knew my intentions.

"Come here dog," I instructed and he crawled over to me, "Spit out my panties on the floor now slut."

Nicky obeyed and sat staring up at the big dildo protruding from my body. He was obviously trying to work out how much bigger it was than the butt plug I had implanted in him to stretch his hole.

"Suck on my cock slut," I ordered, "Show me how a whore gives head."

Nicky grinned up at me; he loved it so much when I called him nasty names.

"Yes Miss."

Nicky began to kiss and lick my plastic cock. He licked it up and down a few times and then he took it into his mouth. He started to suck on it and as he put pressure on it with his mouth, I could feel it being pushed a little inside me. It felt good, but more than that, it looked so hot. It was really turning me on watching Nicky sucking on my substitute cock. He began to make soft sounds of pleasure as he sucked. It made me wish I had a bisexual male friend to share my slave with, as I would love to force Nicky to give a real cock a blow job and watch him swallow some other mans cum.

I patted his head to show my approval of his actions.

"Good doggie," I praised my pet.

Then I reached down and held his face in my hands and slowly I began to move my hips so that the plastic dildo moved in and out of his mouth. He stopped sucking and did his best to adjust to me fucking his mouth. He was breathing in short sharp breaths, trying not to gag on the intrusion in his mouth. I just loved this feeling of dominance over him, forcing him to take my artificial cock. It made me feel like I was raping his mouth. I felt the power rush again. I moved my hips into him a bit harder and a bit faster and he gagged on it. He made this choking sound and instinctively pulled away.

I grinned down at him. I understood now why so many men love to make women gag on their cocks, it looked good and it sounded good. I could have made him do it again but I had other plans and I didn't have all night.

"Sorry Miss," he apologized for stopping without permission.

"That's ok pet," I replied, "It's time to move into the bedroom anyway. But before we do, get into the shower. Stand up and bend over."

Nicky obeyed. He was facing the shower wall with his ass pointing towards me. I picked up the shower hose off its cradle and turned on the water, changing the pressure so that the water came out in a fast narrow torrent. I grabbed hold of the butt plug wedged into Nicky's asshole and I pulled it out and let it fall to the floor of the shower. Then I aimed the water and cleaned his hole. It was cold and he let out a yelp. His asshole was now open and ready for fucking. I didn't really know about how to administer an enema nor did I have any equipment here for that, but I figured a good clean out with the shower head on high pressure would do the job. I didn't want my new dildo getting dirty and I'm sure Nicky will be grateful for this clean out later when I make him suck on my plastic cock again. I told him to turn around and I aimed the cold water at his cock too. He didn't enjoy it, but I wanted his cock to soften so I could take off the cock ring. It worked and I removed that as well. He whimpered like a hurt puppy when I took it off but didn't say anything. I then moved the control and the water had warmed up and I continued to wash him down like a dog. I rinsed him down then turned off the water. I passed him a towel and he stepped out of the shower and quickly dried himself off.

"Come on now dog," I said as I picked up his leash and lead him to the bed.

Nicky glanced at the plastic sheet but said nothing.

"I want you to lie on your back dog," I instructed, "I'm going to fuck you like a woman, like my bitch."

"Yes Miss," he responded and got on the bed on his back, "I am Your bitch Miss."

He lay there with his legs open wide. I considered just shoving my plastic cock into him without any lube, but as this was my first time fucking a man with a strap-on dildo I wanted to make it easier for myself. I got the tube of lube and coated my dildo in it. I could see his cock had gotten hard again, it was throbbing and he was panting with anticipation.

"Lift up your balls and hold them out of the way dog," I ordered as I positioned myself between my slut's legs. He obeyed and when he lifted up his heavy cum filled balls up, I could see his asshole was now so much bigger. The butt plug and done its job well. From my position it didn't look like an asshole anymore, this gaping hole was now a man-cunt and I was going to fuck my bitch's man-cunt hard.

I pushed my big pink plastic cock into him. I didn't just push in a little way and stop. As soon as I got the tip in, I just pushed right in. I was amazed how far it went in.

He screamed, "Ohhhhh fuck!"

His eyes filled with water from the pain and he began to pant hard and loud. I just grinned down at him and held my position inside him. Damn it felt so good to be above him and looking at his facial expressions. Part fear, part pain, part excitement.

I moved my hips so that my cock withdrew almost all the way, then I slammed it back in again.

"Take that slut!" I hissed at him, "You're my whore, my bitch and I'm going to fuck you hard!"

The force when I slammed back into him felt so good as the other end of the dildo was embedded in my pussy. It was twice the pleasure for me.

I moved in and out of him again, I was getting the hang of this and I liked it. Nicky liked it too. I'm sure he was now grateful that I'd left the butt plug in him for so long. He was moaning in pleasure as I fucked him. His hard cock was oozing pre-cum, it was throbbing wanting to explode but he knew he wasn't allowed to yet.

I started to gain momentum; in and out of my slut's hole I pounded my big pink plastic cock. My big tits were hanging down, swinging with each thrust into my whore. Nicky was staring at my breasts as they dangled just above his face.

Even under the strain of trying not to cum, he was a clever dog. Nicky knew just what buttons to push and when to push them. He knew me well.

"Can I suck on your beautiful breasts please mummy?" he asked, putting on his 'little boy' voice.

"Ohhh fuck yes!" I moaned. It turned me on so much when he spoke like that to me. I felt my pussy juices flow.

Nicky smiled and reached up with his left hand, as his right hand was holding his balls out of my way, and he grabbed hold of my right breast. He lifted his head up slightly and took my nipple into his mouth and started to suck on it hard.

I moaned again. It felt so good to be fucking him like this while he sucked on me.

Nicky then let go and grabbed my left breast and sucked on the other nipple. He sucked me hard; he knew I liked it so that it hurt just a little. I could feel his teeth on me. It was making me moan. I just kept fucking him at a steady pace.

I wanted to cum. I was close. I lifted up slightly so that my tit came away from his mouth.

"You're such a dirty boy, aren't' you?" I said lustfully, "Naughty little boy that wants his mummy to fuck him, aren't you?"

"Ohhhh yes mummy!" he moaned, "Please fuck me mummy. Fuck your son harder!"

That was the right button. I gasped with delight and with all my energy; I pounded my pink plastic cock into his man-cunt as hard as I could. Then it hit me. It was a pleasure tidal wave. It washed over me and through me. I held my breath and froze for a moment while I climaxed. I clenched my fists, grabbing the sheet of plastic beneath him.

I screamed out as my orgasm shook me. Then I just collapsed on top of him.

It was then that I noticed he must have came too, as I felt his sticky cum squishing between our bodies. I had been so engrossed in my own orgasm that I didn't even register that his gasp and low grunt was caused by his loss of control. I must have hit his prostrate with those last few hard thrusts.

"I'm so sorry Miss," he apologized, "I just couldn't help it Miss."

I answered his apology with a kiss. I lifted myself off him a fraction and kissed his mouth hard. My kiss said I wasn't angry with my slave. He kissed me back with passion.

"Good boy," I said when I broke the kiss and pulled back from his hungry mouth.

Nicky smiled at me. He knew I had cum good and it made him happy to make me feel good. I smiled back, I definitely felt good. I moved off of him, withdrawing the artificial cock from his body. I knelt between his legs and looked down at the sticky mess on both of our bodies.

"Did you cum good pet," I asked, already knowing the answer but wanting to hear it from him.

"Oh yes Miss," he said grinning at me, "That was fantastic Miss. Thank you Miss."

I smiled back at my slave. Then I lay beside him on the bed.

"Yes, it was fantastic pet. I loved it too," I responded.

"I hope you are not angry at me Miss, for cumming without permission," he said, cautiously.

"No, I am not angry at you pet. I am pleased with you and I did tell you this morning that I was going to allow you to cum," I said, reassuringly.

"Thank you Miss," Nicky said smiling at me, contented.

"Now be a good pet and come here and lick your cum off me," I instructed, "And you had better say thanks to this," I said cheekily, pointing at the dildo still attached to me.

Nicky grinned at me and sat up and started to lap up his sticky cum off my body. It tickled and I giggled. Then he kissed the tip of my plastic cock as it stuck up in the air.

"Thank you," he said to it in a whisper, and then he opened his mouth and engulfed the pink rod of plastic that had given us both so much pleasure and sucked on it.

I knew it would taste bitter but knowing he did that to please me, made me feel so much in control. I absolutely loved owning this man. There was nothing he wouldn't do for me.

I looked at my watch. Almost that time again. Almost time to go back home and be Mrs. Suburbia again. I had better get showered and remove all evidence of my secret activities.

I got up off the bed and took off the harness and dildo, placing them on the floor.

"I'm going to go shower now pet. It's getting late," I said, walking naked towards the bathroom.

"Do you want me to come and help you Miss?" Nicky asked.

"No pet or I will want to play with you again and I will be late. I want you to clean up this mess. Wipe down the plastic sheet and fold it up and put it back in my bag. Then I want you to clean the dildo and put that away too. And then you may shower yourself," I instructed.

Nicky looked a little disappointed that I didn't want him to join me in the shower but he just nodded his understanding of my instructions.

"Yes Miss."

I left him to his tasks and got in the shower and washed away all traces of cum and urine from my body. When I got out of the shower and came back into the bedroom, I noticed that Nicky had tidied up and put away the plastic sheet away and made the bed again.

While I was getting dressed, Nicky went into the bathroom taking the dildo with him to clean. I also heard him brush his teeth while he was in there.

I was glad I remembered a clean pair of panties in my handbag.

Nicky reappeared in the bedroom and he put the dildo and harness away in my bag.

I know he hated this part. I didn't like to leave him either but it was just how it had to be.

He had that sad lost puppy look on his face again.

"Don't fret. I will be back again tomorrow morning pet," I said reassuringly, "And I'm taking you out for lunch tomorrow too, don't forget." I gave him a big smile and he smiled back at me.

I picked up my bag and walked towards the door. Nicky followed me. He was still naked and hadn't showered yet, he still reeked of my cum and piss, but I didn't care. I took his sad puppy face in my hands and kissed him goodbye, silently grateful that he had been considerate again and had brushed his teeth for me. Nicky returned my kiss with love.

"See you in the morning pet," I said, "Oh are you going to go out tonight pet? You have my permission if you want to go exploring."

"I'm not sure Miss. I might just go out for a wander around for an hour or so," he replied.

"Ok pet. Just don't get lost this time. Get a map from the reception desk," I instructed.

Then I grabbed hold of the leash that was still attached to his collar and gave it a little tug.

"You don't want me to have to put out a lost dog notice, do you?" I said in jest, giggling.

Nicky laughed at that cheeky remark. "No Miss," he retorted, "I will make sure I don't get lost this time."

I gave him another kiss whilst pulling on the leash as if to pull him to me. Then I broke from the kiss and released my hold on the leash, letting it fall back down against his chest.

"Bye for now pet. I love you," I said as I opened the door. Nicky stood back behind the door just in case anyone may have been in the corridor.

"I love you too Miss. Bye and thank you Miss," he answered.

I smiled at him and closed the door behind me. I wasn't late today; I would make it home in plenty of time to get dinner organized.

I drove home listening to music on the radio and going over the days events in my mind. I had done most of the things that I've been fantasizing about for five years, but I still had three more days with him to complete my wish list.

