My Student
byNightGirl359©

[Author's note: Thanks to MasterofControl2003 for your help with editing. I am considering turning this into a series, depending on the feedback I receive.]

*

God, she is such a tease. With my hands clasped tightly behind my back, as ordered, I tried in vain to re-organize my thoughts on the lecture. Unable to grasp what it was I had been trying to explain to my class, I instead asked a question trying to spark a discussion that would let me off the hook.

Her eyes continue to bore into me, penetrating, shooting sparks down to my toes and back up to my hard cock. My student. My Lover. My Mistress. No, not mine. I belonged to Her, body and soul. She owned me.

When I graduated with my teaching degree, returning to my hometown local College to teach sciences sounded like a dream come true. I was newly married and thought I was ready to settle down, start a family, and have a normal life.

No one could have been more surprised than I was on that first day of class, Advanced Chemistry, when she walked in the door to my classroom. I knew her instantly. We hung-out in the same group when I was in school. The funny thing is, I had always thought she was older than me, and here she was in my class, going to be my student.

At the time I had the biggest crush on her, and she knew it, liked to use it to her advantage. She used to go with a couple of the guys in the group, and heard all of the hot, kinky stories. Lucky bastards.

One night I had too much to drink and passed out on the couch in my friends' basement. I half-way woke up when I heard some noises. I woke up to see her on her knees, alternating blow jobs between my two friends. I quickly decided to remain motionless so I could watch the show. I was completely mesmerized watching her head bob up and down. By the look on her face she was enjoying it as much as the guys were.

One of them moaned, "I'm gonna cum," which stopped her actions immediately. She reached up and slapped him across the face, "Like hell you are. You're gonna fuck me, first. Then you're gonna fuck him." She grinned at the other guy, the one she was 'dating' at the time.

That caught my attention, this was years before being gay or bi or emo was cool for people our age. As I thought about it, I was kind of disgusted, but turned on at the same time at the thought of the two guys together with her there directing. Both guys seemed to easily accept what she said and followed her into the bedroom.

I was thoroughly disappointed to miss the main attraction, but quickly pulled out my cock to rub one out listening to them. What happened that night played a major role in my masturbatory fantasies for quite some time afterward.

So what was she doing here, in my classroom?

She seemed to regard me with interest, but I couldn't tell if she recognized me or not. Either way it was history. I was a professional, and now married; I was sure I could conduct myself and this class without incident. Boy, was I mistaken.

That first day went OK, even when she returned to my classroom later in the day for physics, the last class of the day. In fact the first week went pretty much without incident, though I shouldn't have let my guard down.

As a new teacher at the school, I felt the need to prove myself, and my worthiness, to my students. I quickly gained a reputation, especially with my advanced classes, of calling on the students unexpectedly, assigning a heavy load of homework, and conducting grueling exams.

Looking back now I wonder how much of my effort was meant to challenge my students at large, and how much I was simply trying to get a reaction from her. Being a young guy, the students felt comfortable enough with me to express their frustrations with my assignments, or to challenge an exam grade, but nothing seemed to touch her.

She was somehow mysteriously on the line between part of the 'in' group and almost beyond the group as well. They would often look to her for input or assistance. Sometimes she sided with them, and her unfailing logic would win me over as she stared unflinchingly, unapologetically, into my eyes. Other times she would actually take my view of things and would end the discord faster than I, the authority figure, was able to.

Though she would look at me while I lectured, her mind never seemed to be on the topic. That said, she was also always the one I could turn to when none of the other students knew the answer. She never raised her hand in class, yet by the same token always seemed to have the floor on the rare occasion she felt the impulse to join in the discussions.

Most infuriatingly, as a teacher, she NEVER completed her homework, was never bothered by a zero grade. However, each exam, no matter how difficult I tried to make it, she would finish in record time, always with the highest score in the class.

Once I realized she knew what she was doing, and wasn't going to conform to my standards, I pretty much let her have free reign. I decided it wasn't worth a battle as long as she was learning and maintaining her grades.

The physics class in particular was already nearly a self-guided class. The curriculum was designed for students who would be pursuing a science major, and was therefore a small, select group who would often end up in discussions which I allowed the students to direct, to teach and debate each other.

During physics, particularly when the class went off on a tangent, she would sit on the sidelines, reading a novel or jotting in her notebook. She rarely spoke up unless asked, by the class or myself, for her thoughts. Invariably she was up to speed on the discussion, and was able to contribute intelligently.

She knew me, as well. When the students were starting to get rowdy she would often look to me with a smirk on her face, as if to challenge me to control my classroom. If I was conducting a lecture, asking a difficult question, she would put her book down and patiently wait for me to call on her, knowing my questions would be un-answered by her peers. That really irked me sometimes, as I couldn't decide if it was arrogance, or just confidence. Is there a difference, really?

Don't get me wrong, I don't believe I was fixating on her by any means. I enjoyed exchange with all the students. I enjoyed their refreshing point of view and was completely happy with my decision to return home to teach. But I was fascinated by her. She was an intriguing puzzle to be studied, dissected, examined from every angle.

She participated in several extra-curricular activities, including theater and volleyball, and was an editor on the school newspaper. She was well liked by many different groups within the student body. She worked as well, in what I later learned was full-time personal care taker position, not your typical student job.

My wife, Terri, was also a teacher in the school, teaching entry-level math courses. I wanted to ask Terri about this girl, but also felt I needed to keep it a secret given our brief yet undeniable history together. After a few weeks of classes had passed I still wasn't sure if she recognized me or not. That's when the torture began.

At first I thought I was imagining things: the way she would look up at me from beneath her eye lashes, or would bite or lick her lips while I was talking. But as her actions grew more obvious, I knew it wasn't my imagination. She would lick and suck the end of her pen, teasing me with flashes of her tongue. She would squirm in her seat whenever I came within a few feet of her, and catch her breath if I got any closer.

But of course I wasn't going to act on it! They prepare you for things like this in school; student infatuations, idol worship, that sort of thing. It certainly wasn't that she was fishing for a better grade. And I was married. But that didn't stop my mind from conjuring up her amazing curves and her penetrating gaze when I jerked-off in the shower each morning. Or imagining those gorgeous lips wrapped around my hard cock while I was fucking my wife.

But I could never act on it, and the rational part of my brain knew that. Which, I think, is why she decided to act first. She got tired of waiting on me to make a move, no doubt.

I had just returned an exam to my chemistry students and reviewed the answers with them, discussing any troublesome questions, explaining the answers I was looking for. Many students took this time to try to argue out of their given grade, try to change my mind. This particular exam came from the text book publisher, so there was very little wiggle-room in the answers.

As we reviewed the answers she did not speak up, though she seemed upset. I didn't think it was about her grade, as she just seemed anxious for class to be over. Once the bell rang and class was dismissed, I returned to my desk to prepare for the next class. That's when she came to me.

My head was down, so I did not notice her approach until she was standing just behind me. She leaned over my shoulder, placing a hand on my back at the same time, causing me to stiffen at the close contact. This was a public environment after all; physical contact between faculty and students is rare and essentially forbidden.

However, she simply placed her exam in front of me before straightening. She did not withdraw her hand from my back. The exam was flipped open to a page where I had marked one of her answers as incorrect. I turned to face her and was surprised by the expression on her face. I was once again unsure if it was arrogance or confidence, as she looked down her nose at me to speak.

"My calculations for number 29 are correct. Your answer key must be wrong. I have to get to my next class now, but I can go over the answer with you later in physics, if you need."

I was dumbfounded, and merely stared at her retreating figure, repeating her statements in my head. There was no question, no hesitation, she was 100% positive that she knew more than me, more than the publishers even. No one in the class had questioned this answer. What's more, *she* wanted to help *me*.

I quickly pulled out my answer key and saw the answer I had marked was the correct answer listed. I pulled out a piece of scrap paper to complete the calculations myself. My next class was filing in, filling their seats, so I worked quickly. I instructed them to take their seats, still working out the problem. I wouldn't be able to move on until I knew.

Crap. I don't know how she did it, but she was right. I was dumbstruck for a moment, contemplating the situation. My class was growing restless, so I pushed my thoughts aside quickly though I was unable to be rid of them completely.

She remained on my mind throughout the day, and I found myself watching the door as our physics class trickled in. Our eyes met as she walked through the door. She gave a half smile as she approached my table.

"You figured it out," she declared.

"Yes, you were right. Where did you learn this? The chemistry, the physics, all of it - what's your interest?" I had been dying to ask, and could no longer contain myself.

She gave me a deep look, examining me, with a half smile still on her face. "Are you looking for a tutor?" she boldly teased me.

"No, really, how do you know this stuff? That was a fairly advanced problem that you seemed to have no trouble with. If you really have an interest in this, maybe you could help me in class sometime?"

She smiled wider, calmly, "Maybe we can help each other, teach." I didn't even have to wonder what she meant; the intent was clear to both of us. She gave me a wink over her shoulder as she turned to take her seat before I could respond.

That was how it all began. I knew several things in that instant. First, she knew who I was and remembered me from before. Second, all the stories I had heard about all of her kinky interests were true. Third, I was head over heels for her. The last issue was quite troublesome for me.

I was newly married, after all, and I loved my wife. We had a nice, stable relationship. And she was my student. I knew that she was at least 18, making me feel less like a pervert, yet making the situation no more legal in the eyes of the school.

The class was working on a lab project, a carry-over from yesterdays' lesson, so I was able to sit quietly and observe, consumed by my thoughts. Many heads were bent over their stations with some light conversation between lab partners. All in all, I was grateful I could trust this class to stay on-task without my constant coaching.

My eyes wandered over the classroom before meeting her steady gaze. She stared calmly at me, the end of her pen in her voluptuous mouth. I have no idea what she read in my face, but whatever it was prompted her to smile before rising from her seat to approach me.

She brought her paper with her to the front of the class and pointed to it before speaking to me. "I know you remember me, as I remember you, Andy."

I was beyond thinking about right and wrong at this point, and barely even noticed that she addressed me by my first name.

She glanced up at me from beneath her eyelashes before continuing. "I know you've been watching me, wondering just that. You think I didn't know you had a crush on me?" She paused to watch my face, smiling before continuing, "You're married now."

She'd put that out there as another statement, always so sure of herself. I was getting very uncomfortable with this line of talk, and glanced nervously around to make sure none of the other students were listening.

She turned her paper over, keeping up a better appearance than I was able to muster. "You're adorable when you're nervous," she said softly. "You're supposed to be answering my questions here, teach. Why don't you give me a nod or something?"

I was in such a trance that I was barely able to get my body to respond, but I was able to give a weak nod, never breaking eye contact with her. She chuckled at my efforts.

"I won't ask if you're interested in *helping* me, as I have a feeling I know the answer to that," she licked her lips invitingly and all I could do was nod weakly again, watching her tongue glide along her gorgeously plump lips.

"Good. Why don't I stay after class today and we can discuss how I may be of service to you, alright?"

I tried to clear my throat, to clear my head, but I felt as if I was in a dream. She returned to her seat, pulled out a book, and generally avoided eye contact. After a moment or two I could feel her spell lifting and my head clearing.

What was I thinking? Did I just agree to meet a *student* to have an *affair*? I really did need to clear my head. I told my class I was going to make some copies and instructed them to keep at their lab work.

I nearly ran out of the room as I fought for air. This isn't right. I can't do this. Who was this woman? This was not some young girl with puppy-love in her eyes; this was a sensuous, manipulative woman who knew how to get her way.

I can't believe I was even considering meeting her. This was wrong, on many levels, and couldn't happen. I could be fired, divorced, disgraced, barred from teaching, and God knows what else. So many possible consequences I even began to question my sanity.

No, nothing could come of this. I would meet with her today, but only to let her know, gently yet firmly, that nothing was going to happen. There, I had my head straight again, and could therefore safely return to class.

But she was ready for me. Knowing her as I do now, I believe her actions were not for my benefit so much as that she simply knew what she wanted. But at the time I thought she had been sent by the devil herself.

I returned to the room with about 30 minutes left in the class period; it was my last class of the day. I took a seat at my desk, asking the students to see me if they had any questions about the lab in the time we had left. I stared at her, focused, trying to recall my earlier arguments.

Various students approached me in a steady stream, and I answered questions and gave guidance as best as I was able to. She remained in her seat, having either already completed the lab or chosen not to participate. I tried vainly to tear my eyes away from her, but found it impossible to do.

As she sat, she very devilishly went about turning me on in a way I had never before experienced. She would look at me, licking her lips and then stroke her breast, her nipples now straining at the fabric. She would part her legs slightly, shift her position, and then maddeningly close them, offering me the briefest of glimpses. She would rub her hand along her bare thigh, before withdrawing her hand and bringing it to her mouth to lick or suck.

My cock was so hard it was painful. I dared not get up, least my students view my obscene silhouette. Frankly, I was finding it difficult not to pant and drool at that point. I breathed a sigh of relief when the class drew to a close and the students began to leave. I watched, nervous with anticipation, as she remained seated.

Everyone had left the two of us, yet we remained seated, looking into each others' eyes. After an excruciating 30 seconds she broke the silence. "Is your wife expecting you for a ride or anything?"

Oh yeah, I forgot, I'm married. "No, we drive separately."

She gave me a half smile, "Good. Lock the door, turn out the lights, and come here." She hadn't moved a muscle from where she sat, watching me coolly.

I crossed to the door, slightly embarrassed by the tent in my pants but making no attempt to hide it. The door had a window of frosted glass, so once the lights were out no one would be able to detect us inside. It was only mid-afternoon and there was plenty of light coming from the windows.

I quietly turned the lock and turned out the light then walked back toward her, unsure what I should be doing. I had never been picked up by a woman before; I was used to making the moves. I stood there awkwardly for a moment, starting to lose my nerve.

Another moment passed and felt that I should say something. "Look, I-"

"Don't speak," she cut me off with a hard glare.

I was incredulous. I could hardly believe how this day had transpired. What was I still doing standing there? It was almost like watching someone else. Maybe I was having an out-of-body experience? That would certainly help to explain things.

She rose from her chair and stood before me, another small smile playing at the corner of her lips. She was staring me down again and then commanded, "Don't move."

I wasn't sure how I should respond, so I just gave a small nod, which she seemed to approve of. She took a step closer and brought her hand up to my chest. She left it there for a moment before stepping to the side to walk around me, dragging her nails along behind her.

She circled around me before coming back to stand in front of me. She took a half step closer and I could feel the heat from her body, though we were still not touching except for her hand on my chest.

She tortured me by licking those amazing lips again before dragging her hand down the front of my body, pausing at my stomach and causing me to tense. "Don't move..." she reminded me softly.

Her hand continued down, gliding along my belt now, then down my hip to my thigh. She took a deep breath and moved her hand over the front of my pants, barely brushing along my hard cock, causing me to tremble. She let her breath out with a slight, "Mmmm," so quietly I wasn't sure I heard it at all. Then, her hand was back, grasping me along the length of my cock through my pants, squeezing with gentle, firm pressure.

I hadn't been this turned on and wound up since puberty. I struggled to take a deep breath, focusing all of my energy on not cumming, not yet, not until she was ready.

She smiled now, her hand moving down to cup and squeeze my balls, making me moan aloud despite my best efforts to keep quiet.

"I have an assignment for you, Andy," She said coyly. I wasn't sure if I should answer or not, so I decided to just close my mouth and try to listen.

She was rubbing my cock rhythmically now, enjoying my reaction to her touch. She continued, "I want you to get down on your knees and pleasure me. Do you think you can make me cum?"

I nodded without even stopping to think. Could I make her cum? At that moment, that was all I wanted in life. That was what I was put here on Earth to do. Of course I could make her cum!

She took a step back and watched as I dropped to my knees. Another half step back and she was in her seat. Now I was at the perfect level to access her undoubtedly sweet and juicy pussy. It was my turn to lick my lips.

I reached out to her foot, caressing her ankle and bringing it up slightly to meet my lips. I was trying to seduce her now, as she had done to me. I slowly kissed and caressed my way up to her knee, before gently setting that foot back on the ground and repeating the same with the other.

Once I reached her knees for the second time I anxiously parted them with my face, continuing my kissing and caressing on her thighs. As I proceeded up her legs she slouched in her seat a bit, allowing me better access. My arms wrapped around her thighs and my fingers worked up under her skirt, pulling the material back to make way for my mouth.

My face reached her panty-clad pussy and I inhaled her musky, womanly scent, savoring her smell, before exhaling warmly on her mound. I used my nose and lips to nuzzle against her pussy, pressing her panties against the soft mound and folds of her body. I desperately wanted to rip her damp panties off, but restrained myself, wanting even more-so to please her.

I continued to nibble and caress her through the flowery material while my hands continued up, reaching for the elastic band at the top. I leaned my body away so I could take her panties down, which she allowed by lifting her hips for me. I savored the view as I slid them down her shapely legs and off.

Her pussy lips were shaved completely free of hair, while her mound was nicely trimmed. I found this look to be extremely erotic, containing aspects of both her youth and womanhood. Dropping her panties, I reached between her legs with my hands and my fingers stroked her velvet-soft outer pussy lips as I stared, mesmerized. Her outer lips parted with my stroking and I could see her glistening, moist inner folds waiting for me.

Getting tired of waiting for me she rolled her hips up, inviting me in. I nodded at her unspoken request and dove in, like a starving man at a buffet. She tasted better than I could have imagined musky and at the same time sweet and almost floral.

I licked slowly upward along her slit, before finding her clit with the tip of my tongue, sending a jolt through her body. I lifted first one and then the other of her legs up, onto my shoulders, which gave me easier access to her sweet pussy. She wound her fingers through my hair, encouraging me.

I teased her, alternating between licking and sucking her clit, nibbling those pussy lips, and fucking her with my tongue. Her moans were getting louder and I felt she was getting closer to coming, so I focused my attention on her clit.

Her hips were rocking, and I realized she was fucking my face. Her fingers gripped tighter in my hair and suddenly she stiffened with her orgasm. I could feel her pussy pulsing around my tongue, her juices dripping onto my chin as I lapped at her.

After a moment her body relaxed and I thought she was done with me, but when I went to sit back her fingers tightened in my hair again. "Don't stop," she moaned, breathing deeply, "Use your fingers to fuck my pussy."

I did as instructed, loving both her coarse language and the way she ordered me. I continued licking at her clit while using first one, then two fingers in her tight hole. She was really moaning loudly now, and I grew worried about possible discovery, but she was beyond noticing at that point.

Her thighs gripped my head tightly as she came in my mouth again. But still she did not release me. I continued to lap at her dripping pussy, loving the taste, as she continued to hold me hostage. She came one more time before she finally released me, panting, to lean back in her seat.

She chuckled a few times, a silly smile on her lips, before telling me, "That was very good. I think I could get used to that. I've been looking for a new pussy-boy, anyway." She laughed again, "I just never expected to find him at school."

Once again I wasn't sure how I was supposed to respond, so I just smiled slightly and remained kneeling. I didn't need the reminder that what we were doing was so totally inappropriate.

She slid her foot out of her heeled-sandal then and massaged my straining cock for a minute. "You like being told what to do, don't you, pussy-boy?"

I had to think about that for a moment. I had never done anything like this before. I had never even thought about it but became even more excited at the thought of more.

She noticed my hesitation and narrowed her eyes at me, "What? Tell me you're not enjoying it?"

"No, it's not that. It's just..." I was struggling to find the right words. I took a deep breath, trying to gather my thoughts. "I would say that I like doing what *you* tell me to do. It's *you* that excites me." I felt bold for a moment and held her ankle, pulling her foot down harder against my cock. "It's *you* that has me so turned on I'm willing to break rules and ignore my marriage vows."

Her smile returned at that, though she sat up straighter and removed her foot from my clutch and my lap. She leaned forward and grasped my chin, bringing our faces together.

We kissed for the first time and fireworks exploded behind my eyelids. Our tongues danced together sharing the taste of her pussy. She broke our lip contact long enough to lick some excess juice off my chin, before returning to my lips. We kissed, and kissed, and kissed while my hands went mad, trying to touch every part of her at once before finally resting on her back and pulling her body to me, crushing her to my chest.

She slid out of her seat and onto my lap without breaking the kiss. Her lips were firm yet soft beyond compare, molding themselves onto mine. The kiss started gently but quickly rose with passion before erupting like molten lava between us. My cock was still straining against my pants fighting to imitate the actions of my tongue.

When she broke the kiss, we were both panting. She had straddled my thighs and was maddeningly rocking her hips into mine. The back of my mind registered that my feet were falling asleep, trapped between the hard tile floor and my body, but I didn't dare break the spell to change positions.

"You wanna fuck me, don't you, pussy-boy?"

"Oh God, yeah!"

She looked deep into my eyes before speaking. "Call me Mistress."

"Yes Mistress. Please let me fuck you?" Did that come out of my mouth?

She smiled and reached behind her for her purse. She watched my face as she pulled out a pair of metal handcuffs. I couldn't restrain my surprise, "Jesus Christ, you bring those to school with you?"

She chuckled, "I bring them everywhere. A girl like me has to be prepared." She licked her lips as she slowly clicked one cuff closed around my wrist. "Have you ever played with restraints?"

She leaned forward, forcing me down on my back and continued smiling into my face. "No, never," I could scarcely breath out my answer.

"Mistress," she reminded me.

"No Mistress," I corrected. She pulled my hands up over my head, looped the cuffs around the heavy leg of a lab table and then secured my other wrist.

For a brief moment of panic I wondered if this was some kind of set-up. Maybe it was a trick of students for new teachers or some sorority gag. And I was stuck.

She leaned back and began unbuttoning my shirt. I slowly forgot my panic as she licked and bit her way down my chest and abdomen. Yes, I learned that day that she was a biter.

When she reached my belt she paused for a moment to again squeeze and massage my cock through my pants. I had never been that hard and turned-on in my life, and I thought I should warn her. "Umm, I --"

Without hesitation she backhanded me across the face and I saw stars for a few seconds. To say I had not been expecting that would be a gross understatement. I hoped it wouldn't leave a bruise.

"You know how to address me, boy," she said, cold as ice. For the thousandth time, I wondered who this woman was.

"I'm sorry Mistress. I just thought I should warn you how close I am to cumming."

"Fine," she reached up to the handcuffs and unlocked one, pulled my hands in front of the table leg, then locked my wrists again.

I was confused, and it must have shown on my face. She smiled her teasing half smile as she sat back in her chair. "Get on your knees and show me how you jerk off."

Oh my God. I had never done that in front of anyone before. I could see that she was serious, so I got up on my knees and nervously opened my fly and pulled out my cock. With my hands cuffed together it was an awkward task, though not impossible.

I started to stroke my cock up and down but she stopped me. "No, take down your pants, so I can see." I did as she instructed, again awkwardly, but faster this time. "Good. Now, please continue. But, you're not allowed to cum without permission. Do you understand, pussy boy?"

"Yes Mistress," I answered, already stroking myself, though slowly. She wanted to watch me, so I would try to hold out for as long as I could, through it still won't be long.

The handcuffs were a heavy reminder of my service to her, and I wore them proudly. I think she liked the sound they made, a metal clanking, as my stroking increased. Before too long I was breathing hard, really getting into it.

As much as I was enjoying myself I could also see that she was getting into it, her lips parted, skin slightly flushed. The lust in her eyes almost put me over the edge, but I held back enough to ask for permission.

"Please Mistress, may I cum?"

"No, not yet." What? I hadn't expected that, and had to slow my stroking down, so close to the edge.

"Please Mistress, I can't wait. I need to cum," I was babbling, almost incoherent, but she didn't stop my pleading. "PLEASE Mistress," I almost whimpered, clenching my teeth to hold back.

"Catch all of your cum in your hand, boy."

"Yes, MISTRESS!" I bellowed as the flood gates released and my cock shot out thick jets of boiling hot jizz. Half of my brain concentrated on catching each spurt while the other half was working on staying conscious and upright.

I came so hard I had tunnel vision and very nearly blacked-out. It was the most powerful thing I had ever felt in my life. I fired off about 10 or 12 spurts, about twice as many as usual, my body jerking with each one. I was feeling aftershocks and had electricity coursing all through my body as I milked the last few pearly drops from my cock.

My chest was heaving with my deep breathing as I knelt there, trying to compose my thoughts. I looked at my Mistress, as I now thought of her, and she motioned me forward. I shuffled on my knees, my hands held out in front of me, till I reached her.

She leaned forward in her seat and gave me another passionate kiss, which was pretty limp on my part due to my lack of energy. "Did you enjoy that, boy?"

"Yes, thank you Mistress."

"Good," she looked at my hand briefly, then grabbing my wrist, she pushed it up into my face. "Now clean up after yourself."

She didn't need to explain, I knew what she wanted. Though the thought turned my stomach a little, I wanted to please her. I stuck out my tongue tentatively and lapped at my cum. If I didn't breathe I could swallow without tasting it, though there was no getting around its gooey texture.

I worked quickly, wanting the task to be over, internally noting the irony that this would have to be the biggest cum of my life that I had to clean up this way. Her hand on my jaw stopped me from swallowing a large glob. She again bent over for a kiss, this time sharing my taste instead of hers.

When she was finished with me she released my face and sat back in her seat, watching as I continued cleaning my hand. I did not enjoy the task, but it truly wasn't as bad as I thought it might have been.

"Alright, stop," she directed me, "sit back and lets go over the ground rules." I sat expectantly, watching her for direction.

"You're mine know, but you know that, don't you, pussy boy?"

"Yes Mistress," I answered, still feeling as though I may be in a trance. I seem to have lost all will of my own. I *was* hers, gladly. Hadn't I always been?

"You're going to do what I say, when I say it, pussy boy. Otherwise you will be punished accordingly." She paused for a minute, thinking. "What are you going to tell your wife?"

"Uh, nothing, Mistress. I can't tell her, please Mistress?" God, is she wanted me to say something I'd be done for.

"Don't worry, it's your life. I'm not going to force you to say anything. I've just never tried to do this behind someone's back before. Well, I guess we'll just have to play it by ear."

"Thank you, Mistress."

"So, back to your assignments. You are not allowed to cum again until out next liaison, which will be Friday. Tell your wife you are going out of town, I don't care, but she shouldn't expect you home that night. In the mean time, no jerking off, no sex, not even a wet dream, understood?"

"Yes Mistress." My brain was already racing, what would I tell my wife? This was getting complicated fast. Of course I would never think to say 'No' to my Mistress.

She continued, "Also, for the rest of the week, I want you to stand with your hands behind your back whenever you have the opportunity. Don't make it obvious, but each time your hands go behind your back and you hold your wrists, I want you to think about how you belong to me, and what you are going to do to serve me, pussy boy."

"Yes Mistress." I moved to put my hands behind my back now but realized immediately they were still hand cuffed together.

"What time are you expected home?"

It had been just over an hour since I had dismissed my class. "Her classes usually go till about 6, so anytime around then."

"Perfect. On the days of my classes you are to go straight home, take off your clothes, and be waiting kneeling for me by the door. If there are any special circumstances and the schedule needs to change we can discuss it in class."

"Yes Mistress." I was worried about bringing her to my home, but couldn't really see a way around it. Obviously I couldn't go to her home, and a teacher in a town this size couldn't be seen getting a hotel room twice a week.

"I have something in mind for Friday, but I will fill you in later in the week, pussy boy. Meet me here early tomorrow and I will give you the rest of your instructions for the week, boy."

"Yes Mistress." Tomorrow? That seemed like a lifetime from now.

"You did very well today, pussy boy. But I'd better be going, after all, I have homework to do."

She smiled at me and I lost all train of thought. "Yes Mistress."


My Student Ch. 02
byNightGirl359©

[Editor's note: Thanks for the great feedback, love to hear more! Also thank you to MasterofConrtol2003 for your help with editing yet again. Not much sex in this short chapter, building for the date Friday. I suggest you read the first hot chapter in this series before starting this, or it may not make much sense.]



I knew exactly what I wanted from him, my pussy boy, and could hardly wait for Friday to come around. I continued to play it cool, however, not wanting to give myself away. I met with Andy the next morning, went over my ground rules regarding his ongoing submission to me, but didn't have class with him that day and left quickly.

Chemistry class Wednesday morning was...well... interesting. Though it was early in the semester, I was already bored with the class, despite it being a requirement for my major. So, I wasn't paying that much attention; instead, I studied Andy.

He was not what I would call handsome, but fairly good looking. His big grin is what gives him away as not a man but just a big kid at heart. He had dark reddish-brown hair, average height, and a medium build with just a hint of muscles beneath his shirt.

I think what I enjoyed most about him was his passion, both for teaching and for science. He had a fire burning inside that would have been evident to anyone watching him ...on a typical day, anyway; today he was clearly distracted.

I had to work quite hard at not laughing out loud as I watched him fumble through class. As he was lecturing, he would use his hands to gesture or demonstrate. Then, he would suddenly realize what he was doing and quickly clasp them behind his back as I had ordered. Each time he did this he would look at me, causing him to lose his train of thought almost every time. Watching him was priceless; I imagined him breathing a sigh of relief once class was over.

Physics class was a different story. These students were already serious scientists so there was no way he could bluff though this one. Today the students were giving him grief over one particular theory, demanding every nuance of the logic behind its origins. The grilling he was taking would probably be enough to fluster any novice teacher, and I enjoyed watching him squirm.

By the look he gave me I knew he was lost again as he struggled to put a coherent sentence together. His pleading eyes were begging me for my assistance. I let him struggle for another moment before I spoke up, explaining the theory and its establishment as thoroughly as I could recall from my personal studies.

I did not wait for him after class but drove quickly instead to his home. I concentrated on my anger with his reliance on me to bail him out. I didn't want to calm down before I had a chance to express myself. Some anger with a new submissive is often helpful to cement their obedience. I parked a few houses down and watched as he pulled up and quickly went inside. I gave him a moment to prepare himself for me before getting out of my car and walking up to his door.

He left the door unlocked, as I had instructed. I entered the house and there he was: naked, kneeling, waiting for me. I closed the door and stepped around him, generally ignoring him. I quietly walked around, surveying the small, tidy house before returning to the entryway to address him.

"I'm certainly going to have to start doing my homework if you expect me to be teaching your class." I was pissed, and it came through in my voice.

He ducked his head before mumbling, "I'm sorry Mistress, I -"

I cut him off by slapping him across the face, knocking him hard enough that he had to put a hand out to steady himself. "Shut up!" I warned. Begging was one thing, but I couldn't tolerate sniveling. "You do not have permission to speak."

He wisely held his tongue. I stormed around for another moment, looking for a suitable punishment. Finding nothing readily available I snapped my fingers at him. In a tight voice, I said "Show me your bedroom, pussy boy."

He stood and scrambled ahead of me leading the way down a dark hallway and into the bedroom. I left him at the door and proceeded into the interior to explore. I wandered into the attached bathroom and found what must have been his wife's hairbrush. I returned to the bedroom and ordered him to lean over the bed, which he did.

"Just like a naughty student, I think you deserve a paddling for being unprepared for class. Do you dispute this corrective action?" I hissed into his ear.

"No Mistress," he replied meekly.

I smiled, and without further ado gave him several hard smacks with the small but hard make-shift paddle. He had not anticipated my blows and let out an audible cry at their onslaught. I struck him about a dozen times on his right ass cheek before pausing to stroke my hands over his warmed skin. He took several deep breaths but I was not finished.

I stepped back and to his other side, moving the brush to my other hand. I stretched back before striking again, raining down another dozen blows before pausing. His breathing was coming in more raggedly now but he was still too composed for my tastes. I switched sides again and struck once more with a dozen blows.

He was now moaning and groaning with each blow, quietly, trying to keep it to himself. I felt that I was finally getting through to him though I was not done yet. Switching sides one final time, I gave him another dozen blows with all of my strength. When I stopped I could hear him crying and I knew I had done my job well. He had taken nearly 50 blows, and I'm not sure I would have had the energy for more even if he had needed it.

I put the brush back in its place and returned to sit on the bed near his head. I let him cry for a minute, stroking his hair, until he was able to regain his composure. He looked up at me with big eyes, slightly embarrassed. I smiled down at him. I was much calmer myself now and that helped relax him.

"Don't worry," I consoled him. "It won't always be like this. In fact if you behave yourself and do your own job then it will be relatively rare."

"Yes Mistress," he mumbled.

I smiled even more and said softly, "Rare, but not gone completely. Sometimes the mood just takes me and I can't help myself. I need an outlet, and for the time being, that will be your role."

He seemed a little shaken by this but still managed a "Yes Mistress."

I reclined back on the bed while I mused about the situation. "On your knees, boy. Stroke yourself for me." His cock had gone completely soft with the paddling, but I was confident he would be able to recover. He began stroking immediately. I watched him for a moment before questioning him, "So aside from the obvious, how were your classes this week? Are you having difficulty with your 'assignments'?"

"Yes Mistress," he answered without hesitation. "I have been a wreck. Whenever I put my hands behind my back I am reminded of you. I think of how you had me kneeling between your legs licking your pussy while you held me captive. It's on my mind morning, noon and night, Mistress."

His open, honest admission made me smile. I glanced pointedly down at his hand stroking his now erect cock and ordered him to stop. "And Friday?"

He ducked his head before answering, "I told my wife I'm going fishing with my friend Matt."

Now that was an interesting development. "You mean OUR old friend Matt?" He nodded his head, blushing. I had been dating Matt the first time I met Andy, and still see him regularly. Very interesting indeed. "Does Matt know you're using him for an excuse?"

Andy answered quietly, not meeting my eyes. "No Mistress. I didn't know how to explain the situation to him."

I laughed out loud, causing him to look up at me. I reached down to stroke his cock now, slowly, teasingly. "I didn't know you two were still in contact." He nodded, mouth hanging open, but made no sound.

I could tell he was quite aroused as I stroked him. I reminded him, "I don't know what you're getting all worked up about, boy. You're still not allowed to come until at least Friday."

He raised his head to look at me now, pleading in his eyes. I laughed at my control of him, giving him a few more strokes before asking, "Where does your wife keep her toys, pussy boy?"

He seemed slightly taken aback by this question. "She doesn't have any, Mistress."

"No, huh?" I mumbled, turning to the nightstand and opening the drawer. Not finding what I was looking for I closed it and leaned over the side of the bed, feeling underneath. My hand encountered a hard object which I pulled up to my level. "Just what I thought," I smiled, opening the box to find some candles, a cheap bottle of lube, and a nice compact vibrator.

I laughed at the expression on Andy's face, mouth hanging open. "What do you think she does while you're jerking off in the shower, boy? A girl needs her release. Now, go get my purse from the hallway."

He quickly left to obey me while I replaced her box. I shed my jeans and sweater, laying back against the pillows in my matching pink lace bra and panties. When Andy came back in, his erection bobbing before him, he almost tripped over his own feet as he watched me. I smiled, taking the purse from him and instructing him to kneel on the bed between my feet.

I rummaged through my purse until I found the bag containing my vibrator. Andy swallowed hard, watching intently as I pulled it out of the bag. I held the vibe in one hand, using the other to rub my chest, teasing my nipples to a point through the lace of my bra. I looked at him in the eyes, "Stroke yourself again for me, pussy boy."

I watched as he spat onto his hand before wrapping it around his hard cock. I continued looking into his eyes while my hand came down to tease my pussy, brushing along my panties, molding the material to my inner folds. He moaned, sending shivers through my body. I turned the vibe on low and brought it to my pussy, still teasing myself through my panties. My other hand returned to my chest, squeezing and teasing my nipples. He moaned again and I joined him this time.

"Don't you come, boy," I warned him.

"Yes Mistress," he replied, slowing his stroking.

I slipped my hand into my panties, using the vibe on my clit. Watching him kneeling there beneath me had me feeling so hot. I watched him panting, focusing on the feeling in my clit as I turned the vibe speed up. I could feel my orgasm building. It was so close.

"Mistress," he moaned at me, and that did it, my whole body trembling with the shock waves of my orgasm. I bit my lip, trying to prolong and extend it. Eventually it came to a stop, and I opened my eyes.

"Stop," I ordered him, sensing his orgasm was close as well. I lay there for a moment, catching my breath, trying to regain my composure. Eventually I was able to sit up, handing him my vibe. "Wash this for me, boy."

He took the toy from me, turning it over in his hand. He got up and went to the bathroom. I dressed myself, letting my eyes wander around the room. He returned and I took the vibe back, placing it in my bag and taking him by the hand.

I led him to the front door where I stopped to give him an Earth-shaking kiss, keeping my body at a distance to avoid his hard cock. I walked out the door without a word or a backward glance. Friday couldn't come soon enough.

My Student Chap 2

My Student Ch. 03
byNightGirl359©

[Editor's note: Still not much sex in this chapter, but we're getting deeper into the domination. I suggest you read the first hot chapter in this series before starting this, or it may not make much sense.]



Friday couldn't come soon enough. My every waking hour was consumed by thoughts of her, my Mistress. Even in sleep my dreams were flooded with images of her. Images of me kneeling at her feet, worshiping her from between her thighs, my mouth watering at the remembrance of her kiss.

That I would go away with her on Friday was something that I never even thought to question. It was a need, a desire, a wish and prayer I would see fulfilled. I was a wreck at school, lost in thoughts of her sitting in my classroom. I was a wreck at home, absolutely on edge near my wife, certain she would see through me.

And I was horny! I had never been so hot and bothered in all my life! As a married man, it was not unusual for me to go a week without sex, but with thoughts of my Mistress filling my head I found myself constantly at least half-hard. Frequently, especially standing in class with my hands clasped behind my back, I found myself fully hard, and in an uncomfortable position of trying to conceal it.

Often in the shower, early in the morning before I was fully awake, I would stroke myself, my balls boiling for a release. But, inevitably, I would come to full consciousness and stop myself before going too far, against her orders. I would willingly live with the disappointment of those early-morning jack-off sessions, counting down the hours until I would be alone with her again.

I had classes Friday, so we had agreed to meet in the late afternoon. I was early, anxiously waiting for her arrival. When she got into my car I could barely contain myself. With few words she directed me onto the freeway before tuning the radio and sitting back in her seat. She seemed calm and content, so I didn't feel the need to fill the silence with conversation, though I couldn't help stealing frequent glances in her direction.

She hadn't felt the need to fill me in on where we were going, but her attire indicated to me she was ready to go out on the town. She was wearing a black cotton dress that came several inches above her knee, sexy without being slutty. She had some amazing black leather heeled boots with a thin gold chain hanging daintily from each ankle, a matching chain circling her waist, and another around her neck, teasing me from between her cleavage.

She wore minimal makeup and left her long auburn hair hanging past her shoulders in soft, inviting curls. And her perfume! Oh my God, I think I could be addicted to the way she smelled. It was a soft, sweet, musky scent that invaded my senses without being over-whelming. Whatever it was, it was driving me wild!

As we left the city, she seemed to relax even further. She took my hand in hers, just holding it in her lap. She noticed my sideways looks at her and gave me a smile. She continued directing me, and in less than an hour we had arrived at the next large town. She steered me through town expertly, having obviously spent time here, until we reached a nice, out-of-the-way restaurant.

It was still only early evening, so we were able to enjoy a nice, quiet meal, talking and flirting like kids on a date. Between the flirting we discussed science, of course, as well as politics and literature. She had a very bright mind which attracted me as much as her personality and body. I found myself wondering for the thousandth time who this young woman was and where had she come from?

When we finished our leisurely meal she again directed me through town, until we reached a quiet neighborhood. We parked in the driveway of a small, non-descript, two-story house and brought our bags to the door. She let herself in with a key, turning lights on as she went through the house.

"Is this your house?" I couldn't help but ask, knowing that was unlikely.

"No," was her short reply as she walked into the kitchen. She opened a cupboard and took out a glass, filling it with water from the tap. She did not elaborate, but was clearly comfortable in the house. I looked around, hoping to find a clue, but couldn't even determine if the house belonged to a man or a woman.

She watched me as I looked around, leaning against the counter. The flirty atmosphere was gone, replaced by her calculating gaze. She seemed to appraise me for a moment before speaking, "Take off your shirt." It wasn't said with any force, but it also wasn't a request.

I unbuttoned my shirt, a little startled at her direction. She took another drink of water, watching me. I slipped the shirt from my shoulders, trying to determine where I should place it, and settled on the back of a kitchen chair. I stood before her, unsure if I should be doing something else, as she continued to gaze steadily into my eyes.

She eventually broke the eye contact to look down at my now bare chest, and I had never in my life felt as naked. Her eyes raked across my exposed skin, desire radiating between us. It felt as though her gaze penetrated, seeing everything I had to bare. My nipples hardened to her, my skin constricting from exposure, before returning to our eye-contact with a slight smile on her face.

Just looking at her, seeing the lust evident in her eyes, was more than enough to excite me and make me hard. I'm not sure how long we stood like that, it could have been seconds, but it may have been an hour. The tension mounted between us, neither moving closer to the other, yet growing ever more intimate in the silence. Though separated by a distance of several feet, I am certain I could feel our mingled body heat growing warmer in the space between.

Her smile grew, and I knew she was pleased with my silent, motionless submission as I fought my body to remain still and exposed. She set her now empty glass down on the counter and approached me. She glanced down at my bare chest again before taking my hand and leading me back to the front room. She had me pick up her bag and bring it with us as she led me upstairs.

We went down the hall into the last room. The room was an interesting cross between a functional bedroom and adult toy store. There were wood floors throughout the house, and this room had an interesting assortment of toys laid out on a side table, as well as a double bed against the far wall.

She brought me to the center of the room where she kissed me deeply. Each time we kissed felt like the first time, and I never wanted it to end. But invariably it did, and I was always disappointed. She stepped back from me, that teasing smile on her face.

She took something from the table and returned to me with a cloth strip. As she stepped behind me I thought she was going to tie my wrists, but she instead surprised me by placing it over my eyes and tying it firmly behind my head. Next I felt her hands at my fly, opening my pants and lowering them along with my briefs. I stood there passively, wanting to cover my mostly erect cock, but knowing she would not approve. I felt even more awkward by having my pants pooled around my ankles.

I could hear her drag a chair away from the wall and felt it press against the back of my legs. Her hands on my shoulders pushed me down onto the seat. There was more rummaging on the table behind me, and I was not surprised when she came back with a pair of handcuffs. She pulled my hands behind my back before securing them with the cuffs. She kissed me, one of her deep, slow, lingering kisses. After our lip contact was broken, her tongue remained, teasing and dueling with my own. I was panting by the time she pulled away.

She walked away, and I could again hear more rummaging. She returned to me, though, without additional restraints. I could feel her breath on my skin as she whispered into my ear. "Sorry, love, I need to run out to the car. I'll be right back."

I listened as she walked away; I could hear the front door open, and after a long moment it closed again. She was gone for several minutes, and I began to grow nervous. All of my insecurities surfaced as I thought of how badly things could go awry from this point. I thought I might go crazy, my wait seemed endless. Then, to my immense relief, I heard the door again, and knew she hadn't abandoned me.

As I sat, naked and bound, blindfolded and waiting in anticipation, I felt rather than heard her draw near. I felt her warmth next to my body, could smell her deliciously sweet and musky scent, and then – suddenly - I could taste her as well. Her lips pressed against mine in what started as a slow, sensual kiss before quickly building in intensity. Her lips were so soft, but they were nothing compared to the contrast of her tongue. Her warm, moist tongue was so soft and skillful, but also held three amazing tongue rings to tease and torture me.

Before I had had my fill, she broke the kiss and pulled away, though I could still feel her nearby. The next sensation I felt was enough to make me gasp as her mouth encircled my cock head and sucked gently. She licked, kissed and caressed my glans for an incredible few minutes, before breaking off. I longed for her to take me into her throat, but dared not voice my request.

She kissed me again, but it was much more intense this time, as our mouths attempted to devour each other. Her tongue thrust against mine, her hand wrapped around my head, forcing my mouth against hers. Her breath was hot on my cheek, as mine was no doubt against hers. This kiss lasted longer than the first, but again she broke it off before I would have liked.

This time she went down on my cock in a much different fashion. She was done with the licking and kissing. This time she swiftly swallowed my cock down to the base, stroking up and down, sucking me deeply before pulling almost all of the way off. The way she was switching between my mouth and my cock, between gentle teasing and intense sucking, was driving me mad. I moaned out loud, unable to control myself even if I had wanted to.

She startled me then, enough that my whole body gave a jerk. My cock was still experiencing the great sucking pleasure, when suddenly and simultaneously her mouth was again on mine. I know it was her I was kissing, I could tell by the tongue rings. Who then was on my cock??

I tried to protest, but with her mouth on mine it came out merely as muffled grunts. The mouth on my cock went to work with even more vigor, pumping faster, driving me closer. I knew I would not last long, and so quickly gave up my struggles, deciding to just go with it. My Mistress' hands were on my nipples now, squeezing rhythmically.

I could hear other moans in the room and wondered what was possibly going on around me. She broke our kiss, causing me to groan out. I could hear her chuckle near my ear as she bit my lobe gently. The mouth on my cock continued pumping my shaft, now adding a hand to squeeze my balls as well.

Her lips were on my ear as she spoke to me. "I want you to come, pussy boy. Can you do that for me?"

"Oooh, yes Mistress!" was my protracted reply.

"Good boy," she breathed into my ear before once again capturing my mouth with hers while the other mouth continued to work my cock. I found myself thinking back to the first time I saw her in action, making me even hotter in the present. She broke the kiss off to whisper in my ear again, "Now, pussy boy! Come for me now!"

What could I possibly do but comply with her demands? As soon as I heard the word 'now' I felt the flood gates releasing, and I began to gush a copious amount of white hot come. I groaned out loud, to the delight of my Mistress who chuckled in my ear. I still had no idea whose mouth was on my spewing cock, but at that moment I couldn't care less.

Eventually I calmed and the sucking mouth removed itself from my softening member. I remained hand cuffed to the chair, but I felt the other two step away from me. I heard movement in the room, but I dared not say anything. I was panting, trying to recover, but strained my ears to listen as well. After a few minutes my Mistress returned to me and removed the hand cuffs.

She moved around in front of me, straddling my lap. She gave me another kiss, soft and gentle again. She removed my blindfold as she pulled away and stood up. "Take a shower, boy, you smell like sex. Put on the clothes on the bed and meet me downstairs. You have five minutes." With that she turned and walked away.

I pulled my pants up from the floor, still recovering from my experience, and made my way to the bathroom. She had wanted me to hurry, so I took a mostly cold shower, and returned to the bedroom/ playroom as quickly as I could.

The outfit she left me was really nothing exceptional. Black jeans that fit me well without being too loose or tight, no underwear, a black cotton tee shirt, white socks and black boots. These were all things I was comfortable wearing, despite them not being my clothes.

The only article that was new to me was a hood of sorts, or you might call it a mask. It fit tightly over my head like a cap, but came down over my face to my nose. I could see through the eye holes just fine, but that intoxicating smell of leather was almost overwhelming, and I felt my cock begin to stir, despite the cold shower.

Knowing my time would be nearly up, I forced myself not to dawdle and left the room. When I came downstairs I could hear her in the kitchen, giggling. I stopped short, seeing her leaning against the counter, a man pressed against the length of her body, his mouth moving against the side of her neck.

She didn't see me immediately, but soon enough. I'm certain I still had the startled, mouth-hanging-open expression on my face, because my mind had literally frozen. I simply couldn't process what I was seeing and what the implications would be.

Upstairs, with the blindfold, I had been so focused on the physical sensations of it all, the physical pleasure, that I really didn't give much thought to what was actually going on. I ignored the fact that another mouth probably meant another person. And another person could just as easily mean a man as a woman. As much as I enjoyed it, I definitely didn't give any consideration to who might be attached to that other mouth.

Her eyes met mine over the shoulder of the man, but she just smiled evilly at me, pulling his head further into her neck with a hand in his hair. "Did you enjoy yourself, pussy boy?"

I wagged my jaw a bit, trying to find my voice, "Yes," I eventually croaked out before clearing my throat and trying again. "Yes, Mistress, thank you."

"Oh, don't thank me, I'm not the one who swallowed your load." With that she released the man who was pressed against her and turned him toward me. I realized quickly that we were dressed to match, including identical masks. He made eye contact with me as she continued, "You can thank my pet for that, pussy boy."

By the way she looked at me expectantly I knew she wanted me to say something. I looked between the two of them for a moment, a million thoughts running through my head: jealousy, disgust, denial, curiosity, more jealousy. I'm not sure what she sensed from behind my mask, but she shoved him forward, until he was standing just in front of me.

I cleared my throat, trying to calm my nerves. "Th-Thank you," I stammered out. He held his hand out to me, which I shook, looking again back to my Mistress.

"Oh relax," she said, rolling her eyes at me. "You are much more his type than I am. But my pet and I go way back, and he does know how to please his Mistress." Unsurprisingly, these words did nothing to comfort me. He was still standing directly in front of me, my hand in his, and he gave me a slight sneer.

I pulled my hand away, turning back to my Mistress, but had no notion of what to say. She solved that by stepping closer and placing a hand on each of our shoulders, pushing down slightly. "Kneel," she ordered.

The other guy, her pet, scrambled into what was obviously a well practiced pose. I, however, simply knelt, looking up at her. "Hands laced behind your head, boy, and spread your knees." I did as she asked, somewhat awkwardly, but accomplished it none the less. "Very good," she beamed at me, and I couldn't help but smile at her praise, almost forgetting the situation.

She turned to the counter and came back with a strip of leather in her hand. This she placed around the other guys' neck and I could hear a CLICK as she locked the collar in place. She picked another up from the counter and held it before me. "Do you know what this is, pussy boy?"

"A collar, Mistress."

"And do you know what it means?"

I swallowed hard. Yes, I knew what it meant. "Ownership, Mistress."

She smiled again, "And are you ready to wear my collar, pussy boy?"

My mind was still racing, but now thoughts of my wife were intruding. Even so, my body tingled at the mere possibility of what being owned by my Mistress might mean. "Yes, Mistress." I hadn't finished thinking yet, where did that come from? "Please."

She came forward and put the thick leather collar around my neck. I felt her slide the lock though the closure and shuddered as I felt and heard the CLICK.

