New Family Rules
byHStoner©

I will freely admit that I had a fairly privileged life growing up. My parents, my sister, and I lived in an affluent suburb: nice homes, large lots, trees, in-ground pools, the lot. Our neighborhood was safe. Although my sister and I went to public school, it was a good school. Every class was college-prep, and the school offered a huge range of sports. We were upper middle-class or lower upper class kids.

Mom and Dad had met in college and married just after they graduated. Gwen was born about a year later and I followed Gwen by about a year. Our parents were only in their early forties when Gwen graduated from high school. It was in the summer after Gwen graduated, the summer between my junior and senior years in high school, that the family underwent a major change.

Mom and Dad had both been athletes in college. Dad swam and Mom had been a tennis player. They had both worked hard to stay in shape. I say "worked hard," but I think that they enjoyed it. In any event, both Mom and Dad were in great shape. Mom was beautiful. She had kept her firm, athletic figure. Her shoulder-length light brown hair framed her blue eyes and a smile that could make you melt. Dad was, well, Dad. Tall, broad shoulders, narrow hips.

My sister Gwen took after Mom. Gwen was a bit taller than Mom with longer legs. Gwen also had a bit fuller figure. Gwen was also an athlete: volleyball in the fall, swimming in winter, and tennis in spring. People who didn't know us sometimes took Mom and Gwen to be sister rather than mother and daughter. My buddies gave me a fair amount of crap for living with two "hot" women. I really didn't notice. They were just my Mom and my sister.

I always felt like I had drawn the genetic short straw. Rather than being tall and athletic looking like Dad, I was about Mom's height with broad shoulders but a thick chest and thighs. Rather than being a graceful swimmer, I was a football player and wrestler. I was also a shot-putter, but I really wasn't big enough to throw shot.

Growing up, we had been a "normal" family. Everyone closed the bathroom and bedroom doors. Although our backyard pool was completely screened off from the outside, we always wore suits when we used it. Although, my buddies who came over kept telling me that Mom and Gwen looked pretty exciting in their suits.

Once Gwen got her driver's license, Mom and Dad started going away more for long weekends. They were always a little vague about where they had gone. I wasn't paying that much attention anyway. I figured they were going somewhere warm and sunny because they were always tanned. Of course, nothing went on between Gwen and me when they were gone.

Mom and Dad had gone somewhere over Memorial Day weekend. Gwen's graduation was the following weekend and she was partying, moderately, with her friends. Gwen would be leaving for her Ivy League university in August. I had just started working my summer job as a laborer with a neighbor's construction firm. I figured that the hard labor in the sun would be good conditioning for my senior year of football. I also had an ulterior motive: the neighbor's daughter, Amanda Turner, swam and played tennis with Gwen. Although Amanda was a year behind Gwen, they had become friends. Amanda was gorgeous: blonde, blue eyes, great legs, a wonderfully shaped ass, and great breasts. She was also very bright and, unlike many very beautiful girls that age, was not at all arrogant about her looks. I was hoping that working for her father would give me more opportunities to see Amanda.

Gwen's graduation was, of course, a big deal. I felt a little like a fifth wheel. I was also a little melancholy about the idea that Gwen would be leaving in August. I liked my sister; she was a pretty good friend. I also feared that, with Gwen gone, my opportunities to see Amanda would diminish.

Mom and Dad were not what I would call "disciplinarians." That didn't mean that Gwen or I ran wild. We knew what Mom and Dad expected of us and our internal fears of letting our parents down was more than enough to keep us both in line, most of the time. But, that made it highly unusual when Mom announced the day after Gwen's graduation party that we'd be having a "family meeting" the next night. I could not remember having one of those before. I wondered what was up. Had Dad's business gone bankrupt? That shouldn't justify a meeting. Mom was a senior VP at the bank. We could live on her income if Dad had hit trouble.

I got home from work the next evening dirty and sweaty as you'd expect from working on a construction site in June. Mom and Gwen were in the study when I came in, and I could hear female giggles. I hoped that was a sign that the "family meeting" wasn't about anything too bad.

When she heard me come in, Mom called out, "Go upstairs and clean up Harry. We'll eat dinner then have our meeting." I showered and traded my work clothes for a clean tee shirt and shorts.

I don't remember what we ate. I helped Mom clean up after dinner. Gwen had gone into the living room to do something with Dad. When we were done with the dishes, Mom turned to me. She was smiling. "Ok," she said, "now it's time for our meeting."

Mom led me into the living room. Gwen and Dad had set up his computer and a projector that could show pictures from the computer on a wall of the room. What the hell was up? I wondered.

I sat down on the opposite end of the sofa from Gwen. Mom and Dad stood, side-by-side, facing us. They were both smiling. I noticed that they were also holding hands.

Dad started, "Gwen is leaving for college in August so this summer is the last time we'll be together as a family for an extended period. There is something that is very important to Beth (my Mom) and I which we haven't shared as a family. We've talked it over and we think that the two of you are old enough that you are ready to share this with us and we want to do this as a family."

Dad stopped and looked at Mom. Mom smiled again and started speaking. "We've never told you exactly what we were doing all those times we've gone off for long weekends. Your father and I are nudists. We were going to resorts where we could spend time with our friends without having to wear clothes."

I assumed that Mom was joking. It was literally impossible for me to believe that my parents were nudists. As I sat there silently, Dad nodded at Gwen. Gwen stood up and closed the curtains on the windows. It was still light outside, but the room was darker.

Dad said, "We took some pictures on our last trip. Your Mother and I want to show them to you."

Mom added, "People are not usually allowed to take photos at nude resorts, but we got permission to take these so we could show the two of you our lifestyle. Everyone in the pictures agreed to be in them."

Dad turned on the projector. On the wall across from us was a color picture of my parents. They were standing in front of a big swimming pool. I could see lounge chairs around the pool. There were man and women on some of the lounges and I could see men and women in the pool. Mom and Dad were standing side-by-side, facing the camera. Each had an arm around the other's back. They were smiling. They were also completely naked. So were the people in the background.

I was shocked and confused. I had never seen either of my parents naked. Part of my brain registered that they both looked pretty damn good naked and very happy. The larger part of my brain was on the verge of panic. Why were they telling us this?

Dad showed some more pictures. Mom and Dad lying on their backs on lounges side-by-side. Mom and Dad dancing in what looked like a night club. Mom and Dad having a drink at an outdoor bar. In each picture, they were completely naked and so was everyone else in the pictures.

I was so shocked, and mesmerized, by the pictures that I hadn't noticed that Mom had left the room. I noticed when she walked back in though. Dad turned off the projector. Mom had taken all of her clothes off! She walked to the center of the room, did a quick spin, and stood facing Gwen and me. I looked over at Gwen expecting her to be as shocked as I was. Gwen didn't look shocked at all. She was smiling. I looked back at my naked mother.

Mom said, "See, you're seeing me naked and the world hasn't ended."

Dad had taken off his shirt and shorts. He walked over beside Mom and the two of them stood naked in front of us.

Mom went on. "We enjoy the nude lifestyle so much that we wanted to share it with you before Gwen moves out. We're sure that, once the two of you have tried it, you'll love going nude as much as we do."

Dad said, "So, we've decided to adopt a new family rule; actually our only family rule that I remember. From now on, as long as it is only us here, none of us are going to wear any clothes."

Mom added, "We can't really force you to go nude at home, but we hope that you will. We are sure that you will enjoy it as much as we do."

Now I knew that I was dreaming. Mom and Dad were standing in front of me stark naked telling me that they didn't want any of us to wear clothes at home. This was definitely not real. At the same time, my brain also registered how happy my parents looked and, like their pictures, they both looked pretty good naked.

The next shock hit very quickly. Gwen stood up. She was wearing a tee shirt and a pair of running shorts. Gwen spoke directly to me. "Harry, to be honest, Mom told me this afternoon what she and Dad had planned. I told them that I thought that I was a great idea and that I would have been hurt to find out later that they are nudists but never gave us the chance to go nude with them."

Gwen pulled her tee shirt over her head. She wasn't wearing anything underneath. Her firm breasts looked delicious, although I did notice that her nipples were hard. Then Gwen pushed her shorts down. Gwen had very pronounced tan lines which only served to draw my eyes to her bare triangle. Gwen walked over and stood naked beside Dad. I hadn't really thought about it, despite my friends' comments, but looking at Mom and Gwen standing naked on either side of my father, I realized that my mother and my sister were incredibly gorgeous, sexy women.

I think that I sat on the sofa staring for a few moments. Finally, Mom said, "Harry, are you going to take your clothes off?"

Shit. They really expected me to strip naked too! This brought another fear because seeing Mom nude and watching Gwen strip had given me a raging hard-on.

Gwen said, "Harry, come on. I'm really counting on you on this."

Mom said, "Harry, we know that you have an erection. Don't worry about it. That is natural for a man the first time he sees naked women."

"Especially women this beautiful," Dad added.

Mom softly said, "Please Harry."

I was petrified. However, another part of my brain was telling me that my whole family was standing there naked and, of course, I should be naked too.

My legs didn't feel like they had the strength for me to stand up. Somehow, I got to my feet. My dick was pointing straight out in the front of my shorts. I had trouble getting a hold on the hem of my tee shirt. I finally did and slowly pulled it over my head. I dropped the shirt on the sofa. I looked at my naked family. They were standing so close together that they were touching. They were all three looking at me and smiling, although I thought I saw a look of expectation on Mom's face and Gwen's.

I'm sure that I was blushing, at least my skin felt hot. I stretched the elastic waistband of my shorts and started slowly pushing them down. I had to pull my dick out of my shorts in order to get them past it. I finally let my shorts drop to my ankles.

I stood there buck naked in front of my mother, sister, and father for the first time. I could see that Mom and Gwen were both looking at my dick. Another shocking thought hit me: I actually felt good that Mom and Gwen were seeing my dick.

Gwen walked over and started to hug me. I jerked my hips back so that my dick wouldn't run against her bare skin.

"Don't worry about that silly," Gwen said as she put a hand on my bare ass and pulled me to her. I tentatively put my arms around Gwen and had my first bare hug. It felt really good. As we hugged, Gwen whispered in my ear, "This is going to be a blast. Trust me." Gwen and I broke our embrace.

Mom spoke up again. "There are, of course, a lot of difference between men and women. One obvious one is that you have your sex immediately visible when you take off your clothes while ours is more hidden. That hardly seems fair, so Gwen and I thought we ought to address it during this first family strip-off. Gwen?"

Gwen had stepped away from me. When Mom finished talking Gwen smiled more broadly. She turned her back to me and my father. Then she spread her legs and bent forward as far as she could. Gwen's asshole and pussy were fully displayed. She held the pose for a moment, then straightened up and turned back to face us.

"Damn, Gwen," I said, "You, uh, you look great!"

Gwen smiled again. "Thanks Harry. You look great nude too, but I always knew that you would." Gwen half turned. "Mom?" she said.

I looked at my Mother, who looked like she was having the most fun in the world.

Mom said, "Harry, your Dad sees this all of the time, so this is for you." Mom turned and bent forward, exposing herself to me as Gwen had. Mom looked wonderful too.

As Mom straightened up, Dad said, "Harry, the kind of beauty which your Mother and your sister have really shouldn't be concealed by clothes."

Mom added, "Harry, you are a very attractive man naked. You should be proud to have anyone see you nude."

I surprised myself by realizing that, at that moment, I was really happy to be naked with my family. I enjoyed seeing Mom and Gwen nude and happy, and even enjoyed seeing Dad naked. I was also enjoying the fact that they were seeing me naked. Even ten minutes before, I would not have believed you if you would have told me that I'd have that reaction to stripping off with my family.

Dad walked back to the projector and turned it back on. "There is one more picture from our trip last week that we wanted you to see."

The wall lit up with another picture of Mom and Dad standing nude, facing the camera. They each had a drink in their hand. Another couple was standing with them, also completely nude and facing the camera. It took me a second to realize that the other couple was Amanda's parents.

Gwen saw the look on my face as I recognized Mr. and Mrs. Turner. Gwen giggled. "I think that my friend is having a similar experience tonight."

Mom said, "Bill and Joan Turner, and Amanda, are coming here for a pool party Saturday afternoon. No suits allowed."

New Family Rules Ch. 02
byHStoner©

This story is the second in a series. I strongly recommend reading the first story first. Any similarities to any real person are entirely coincidental.

*****

Life continued on after the great strip-off with my Mom, my sister Gwen, and my Dad. I was up early the next day to get to work. My summer job was not a great deal of fun. However, up until that day, I had not spent time at work thinking about going home. This day, I found myself thinking about it a lot. Part of it was looking forward to getting home to see Mom and Gwen. Sure, they were my family, but they were also very beautiful women. I'd have had to have been dead not to enjoy seeing them around the house naked.

I must admit, though, that another reason why I was looking forward to going home from work was to get my own clothes off. Going around naked with other people was still new enough to me that there was a thrill in doing something forbidden. Better yet, my parents approved and were doing it too. Another thing that I realized, and this surprised me, was that I was looking forward to going home and having Mom and Gwen see me naked. In a way that is difficult to explain, I felt very good when I knew that either of them was looking at my dick and balls, and they both looked.

Our jobsite was in the downtown part of the city. There were always a lot of women walking by on the other side of the site fence while we worked during the day. I caught myself daydreaming about working on the site naked with the women looking at me as they walked by.

Work on construction jobs starts and finishes relatively early in the day. Consequently, I was home from work before either of my parents. I took a shower (remembering to leave the bathroom door open), dried off, and walked nude down the hall towards my room.

Gwen's door was open as I walked by. I could see Gwen sitting nude on her bed. Gwen's summer job was lifeguarding at a country club pool. She was only working a six hour shift because, she claimed, the country club had to employ some of the members' kids.

Glancing in at Gwen, I thought that she looked unhappy. I knocked on her doorframe. "May I come in?" I asked.

Gwen looked up and gave me a weak smile. "Sure, I'd like someone to talk to," she replied. She patted the bed with her hand indicating that she wanted me to sit down next to her.

I sat down on the bed a few inches away from Gwen. "You don't look happy," I said. "What's up?"

Gwen looked at me. She took a deep breath. "I was just on the phone with Jeff." Jeff was Gwen's boyfriend.

"Yeah?" I asked to get her to say more.

"Well, I thought that I had to tell him that we've become a nude household. That's kind of major and didn't seem like the kind of thing that I should keep from him. I was hoping he would share my excitement."

"Ok?" I prompted.

"Jeff got really nasty. He said that it was sick that we are going nude around each other. Then he asked me how many times I'd fucked you and Dad."

"Shit," I said. "I wouldn't have expected that reaction from Jeff."

"Well, I certainly didn't," Gwen responded. "If I'd known that he was going to be that kind of asshole, I never would have mentioned it." Gwen paused. "You know, the relationship wasn't that serious and I knew that it was going to end when we both go off to college. But, I'm hurt that someone I trusted would say that. I'm also disappointed that I'm not going to have someone to go out with this summer. Is that petty of me?"

"No," I replied, "you're not being petty. This is a pretty big summer for you. I understand that you wanted someone to share it with. I also understand that you've found something new and exciting and wanted to share it with a close friend and you're hurt because he reacted so strongly. If he thinks that nudity is wrong, and I guess that he does, that is still no reason for him to insult you that way."

Gwen sat there for a moment just looking in my eyes. Finally, she leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. "You're not a bad brother," she said.

The remaining three days of the work week went pretty normally. My anxiety was increasing though at the thought of the Turners coming over Saturday. Mom and Dad had made it clear that we would be nude. I knew that Mr. and Mrs. Turner were nudists, but Mom had said that Amanda was coming too. My mind rejected the idea that a girl as beautiful as Amanda would take her clothes off around me.

The thought that I'd be going nude around Amanda Saturday afternoon while she stayed dressed was exciting. But, I had visions of her reacting like Jeff had and storming out of our house. I was sure that Saturday would kill my chances of getting closer to Amanda. Shit! What if she stayed? How am I supposed to behave when I'm naked around a girl I really want to date?

Gwen had to work Saturday morning. That left me to help Mom and Dad get the house and the pool and patio ready for the Turners. Since Mom and Dad were friends with the Turners, I wouldn't have thought that a simple pool party and cookout would be a big deal. Wrong! Dad, and especially Mom, ran me ragged as we cleaned up the entire house. By the time Gwen got home from the country club around quarter to three, I was dripping sweat.

"You look beat," Gwen said. "I guess that I'm glad that I had to work."

The Turners were coming around 4:00 p.m. Mom and Dan took over the bathroom to get ready. It was getting close to 4:00 when they surrendered it. I noticed that Mom had put on make-up. Mom brushed by me in the upstairs hall as I went to get my shower. She stopped and said, "Make sure that you shave and look good. Oh, and," she said pointing ay my groin, "trim that mess up."

I was a bit befuddled. I had never worried about what my pubic hair looked like. As I turned back towards the bathroom, Gwen was standing in the hall smiling. "Get your shower," she said. "I'll help you with the trim."

I had just gotten out of the shower and was drying off when Gwen walked into the bathroom with a pair of scissors. Once I had toweled off, Gwen said "Ok, get your ass up on the vanity and spread your legs a bit."

Gwen started trimming my pubic hair very close to my skin. After she had trimmed above my dick, she said, "Ok, you need to get your dick out of my way or I'll cut it, and you don't want that." I grasped my dick and moved it to my left as Gwen trimmed between it and my right thigh.

I had a moment of thinking that this was surreal. Here am I sitting on the vanity, stark naked, holding my own dick in front of my sister. She is naked and is trimming the hair around my dick. Before I dwelled on that too long, Gwen gestured for me to move my dick to the right so that she could trim on the left. After short time, Gwen said, "Now, lift your dick towards your belly so I can get to your balls."

After she finished trimming me, Gwen said, "Great. You're ready for your first time nude with people outside the family."

Up to that point, I had been thinking mainly about Amanda. Gwen's comment reminded me that I'd be nude in front of Mr. and Mrs. Turner too. A part of me was looking forward to standing nude in front of people who had not seen me nude before. But, I was also scared. I knew now that Mr. and Mrs. Turner were nudists, but he owned the company which I was working for! I wasn't sure that I could do this.

Gwen patted my bare thigh. "Hurry up and get shaved," she said.

"How can you be so calm?" I asked.

Gwen laughed. "I'm nervous, but Bill Turner has been stripping me naked with his eyes every time he sees me since Amanda and I became friends sophomore year." Gwen cocked a bare hip. "Now, he'll get to see the real thing. I don't know why, but that's got me excited. Now shave!"

I had just finished shaving when Gwen came back in. She handed me a bottle of aftershave. "Use just a very little bit of that," Gwen advised, "Amanda likes it."

"Uh, Gwen," I started, "you said the other night that the Turners were doing with Amanda something like Mom and Dad did with us?"

"Yeah. I know from Mom that the Turners were going to tell Amanda that they are nudists the same night that Mom and Dad told us."

"Did they ask Amanda to strip naked?"

"I expect that they did."

"Do you know, did she?"

Gwen laughed. "No, I don't know. She may be dressed all night."

"Shit," I said.

Gwen looked pointedly at my newly trimmed dick and balls. "Don't worry Harry. Amanda will be impressed."

Mom called up from the first floor, "Are you two ready? They'll be here soon." Gwen walked out of the room.

I had trouble washing off my face. I probably used more of the aftershave than I was supposed to. My hand shook as I combed my hair. I felt sick to my stomach.

Mom yelled up again, "Harry, where are you?" Oh shit. Here we go.

I had just gotten to the kitchen downstairs when we heard a car pull into the driveway. Mom said, "Oh good, they're here."

Simultaneously, Dad yelled from the front room, "They're here."

Mom started to walk out to meet the Turners. I stood rooted to the spot. Mom turned and looked at me. "Harry?" she asked. I guess Mom saw fear in my face because she added, "It will be ok. Now, let's go great our guests." Mom slapped me gently on my bare ass.

Gwen and Dad were already in the front room, naked of course. The doorbell rang as Mom and I entered the room. Dad looked at Mom and she gave a quick nod. Dad stepped to the door and opened it, saying "hello" loudly as he did.

My first reaction was "this is a fuck up!" Mr. Turner was standing there in a polo shirt, shorts with a belt, and boat shoes. Mrs. Turner was standing next to him in a polo shirt, shorts, and sunglasses. I thought, "Shit! They have clothes on and are wondering why we don't!" It didn't occur to me that the Turners had driven the couple of miles from their house to ours and were dressed for the drive.

Mr. and Mrs. Turner stepped into our living room. Mr. Tuner stuck his hand out to Dad and said, "Ryan, it's good to see you again." Mrs. Turner and Mom gave each other a brief hug. Then Mrs. Turner gave Dad a quick hug as Mr. Turner told Mom, "Linda, you look great as always."

Releasing my father, Mrs. Turner said to Gwen, "Gwen, you look wonderful." Mr. Turner looked at me, extended his hand, and said, "Harry how's my employee?" I shook hands with Mr. Turner.

I hadn't seen Amanda and was beginning to think that she hadn't come. The idea had me relieved and disappointed all at once. However, as Mr. Turner stepped aside, I saw Amanda.

Many have written, much better than me, about the moment when you have a vision. That is what it seemed like to me as I stood there naked and saw Amanda standing in our doorway. The sunny afternoon seemed to highlight her blonde hair. She was wearing a snug sundress which outlined her perfect figure. There was a smile on her beautiful and intelligent face. Amanda was looking straight at me. There was a gleam in her eye and I thought she gave a small wink.

Amanda stepped into the room. "Sorry," she said, "I dropped something in the back seat and it took me a second to pick it up." Was Amanda nervous too?

Amanda walked over to Gwen and gave her a long look up and down. "Gwen," Amanda said, "you look great!" Then Amanda turned and took a few steps towards me. My legs were trembling. Amanda gave me a long look from head to toe. Her smile got wider. "Harry, it is really good to see you." We just looked at each other for a moment.

The brief spell was broken by the sound of Mr. Turner's belt buckle. Looking to my right, I saw that Mr. and Mrs. Turner were undressing in our living room. Amanda had looked at her parents too. Amanda looked back at me. She smiled again. "Well," she said, "since we're out of the street, I suppose that I should get into party dress too."

Amanda grasped the hem of her sundress with both hands. In one move, she pulled it over her head. She wasn't wearing anything underneath. As Amanda started to fold her dress, Gwen said "Here, I'll hang that up." Amanda handed Gwen her dress.

Amanda stood in front of me naked. I've said that she was beautiful. Well, she was 100 times more beautiful naked. She was perfect. I looked for what seemed a long time. Finally, Amanda tiled her head slightly which made me realize that I needed to say something. I stammered, "Amanda, you are stunning."

She smiled. "Thank you."

Being too nervous to stop, I blundered on, "You are so beautiful naked, you should never wear clothes."

Amanda laughed. "Really?"

Gwen mercifully stepped in before I dug any deeper. "Come on," Gwen said, "Let's go to the pool."

I stepped aside to allow Amanda to follow Gwen first. Amanda had a perfect ass with a prominent tan line. I followed it. As we went through the kitchen out to the patio, Amanda looked back at me over her shoulder. "As nice from behind?" she asked.

The three of us just stood naked on the patio while the Turners and my parents walked out, all four naked. I didn't know Mrs. Turner well, but she looked pretty good naked. Not stunning like her daughter, but very attractive.

I must have been looking at Mrs. Turner a bit too openly. Amanda leaned towards me and said in a soft voice, "Does my Mom look good naked too?" I sort of coughed as Amanda laughed.

Mom sashayed onto the patio and announced "There are drinks in the cooler, beer and wine." Then she asked my Dad, "Ryan, can the kids have a beer?"

Before Dad could answer, Mr. Turner said in a loud voice, "Hell, they're all 18 (Gwen had actually just turned 19). It used to be that you could drink beer legally in this state at 18."

Mrs. Turner said, "Bill that was a long time ago."

Mr. Turner laughed. "Damn straight. They raised the drinking age to 21 even before I turned 18. But let the kids have some beers. They're old enough to get naked so they're old enough for a couple of beers." My father smiled and shrugged his shoulder in acceptance of Mr. Turner's pronouncement.

I turned to Amanda. "Would you like a beer, or I can get you a soft drink or bottled water?"

Amanda replied, "Beer will be fine."

I went to the cooler. I could tell that Dad had bought the beer because the choices were Koenig Pils and Stiegel. I pulled a Koenig for Amanda and a Stiegel for myself.

Gwen reached into the cooler beside me. "Everything that you expected?" she asked. I just nodded. "Just remember," Gwen said, "Amanda's personality is more beautiful than her body. Relax."

I brought the beer to Amanda. As she took it from me, she nodded towards a table and chairs on the far side of the pool. "Let's sit over there," she said.

When Amanda and I had sat down and each taken a sip of our beers, Amanda asked me, "Did you know that our parents are nudists?"

"Not until Monday night. Did you?"

Amanda shook her head. "No, but, thinking back, I shouldn't have been surprised. Despite what they wore here today, Mom and Dad often dressed to show more flesh than my friends' parents."

Amanda took another sip of beer. "How did you feel when they asked you to undress?" she asked.

"The whole thing seemed unreal to me. All of a sudden, Mom, Dad, and Gwen are all standing in the living room stark naked. Then my parents are asking me to take my clothes off too. Mainly, I was shocked and embarrassed. But, it was odd because, at that moment, taking all of my clothes off seemed like something which I absolutely had to do."

Amanda was nodding her head as she listened to me. Amanda was an intent listener. Without a word, she gave the impression that she genuinely wanted to know everything which you had to say. When I finished, Amanda asked, "Did you get a hard-on?"

I felt my skin get warm. I also felt that I had to be honest with this wonderful girl. "Yeah. I guess that it was the idea of stripping off in front of Mom and Gwen."

"I wish that I could have seen that," Amanda said. My heart skipped a beat. "Gwen and your Mother are beautiful women," Amanda continued. "Maybe it was seeing them naked. Dad got a hard-on as I undressed."

"How did you feel?" I asked Amanda.

"At the very first, I was like you thinking that it was unreal. Mom and Dad hadn't seen me naked since I was a baby. Something quickly tripped in my mind. It was like, 'hey, you're not supposed to do this, this could be fun.' I kind of slowed things down and took longer than I needed to get completely undressed. But, you know, once I was naked and Mom and Dad were looking at me, I felt really good. It was like having people see me naked was something I'd always wished for that was finally happening."

"Was it something you had always wished for?" I asked.

Amanda laughed. "Before Monday, I would have said 'hell no.' Thinking about it since; I wonder if I always wanted to be seen naked and just didn't realize it. I couldn't wait to take my dress off in front of you. I delayed it a little just to build my excitement. When I took it off and you looked over me, it felt so good. Your Dad was looking at me too. That was cool also."

"I know what you mean," I said. "When I got my shorts off in front of Mom and Gwen and was standing there with my dick hard as rock, they were both looking and it really felt great."

Amanda laughed again. "I guess we're a pair of exhibitionists. That's common ground."

My heart fluttered again. I really wasn't sure what to say in response, but I knew that whatever I said next would be the wrong thing.

Amanda spoke again, softly, before I could put my foot in my mouth. "Harry. Don't worry. Gwen and I are really good friends. She's told me how much you like me. She is sure that it is for the right reasons. That's great. I'm very attracted to you. I just couldn't figure out how to send you the right signals. Using Gwen as a go-between seemed unfair to her and the girl isn't supposed to be the aggressor. Since we're both sitting here naked drinking beer together, I guess the old rules are gone."

My world had just improved dramatically. As much to fill the air as anything, I said, "Uh, well, I'm sorry about staring at your Mother."

Amanda laughed. "Don't worry about it. I was teasing you. Mom's like me. She likes people looking at her when she's naked. But, Harry, I just tried to tell you that I love you. What do you have to say to that?"

"Amanda, I fell for you when you were a freshman. I don't have the words to tell you what I'm feeling right now."

Amanda looked in my eyes for several moments. She must have liked whatever she saw there. "Since I was a freshman? What are you, kinky for young girls?" she said, laughing.

I laughed too. "Maybe," I said.

"Well," Amanda replied, playing along, "there are some kinks that look like they could be fun. But, as long as you're with me, you leave the young girls alone."

Just then, my Dad called out, "Harry, we're starting the steaks. Can you help?"

What Dad meant by "help" was would I cook the steaks. We'd established a few years before that I was much better with the grill than my father. I stood and explained to Amanda, "Dad needs me or we won't eat today."

Amanda stood too. She took my right hand. We walked naked around the pool to the others, holding hands.

As we ate dinner, Mr. Turner asked me, "Harry, how do you like your job?"

Landmine. "It's very interesting, Mr. Turner. And it's getting me in better shape. I'm just sorry that I can't do any of the skilled work like the plumbing and electrical rough-in."

Mr. Turner smiled. "Good answer Harry, and complete BS. I did your job when I was young. It sucks, and we only pay you just over minimum wage. You are meant to work with your mind, young man, not your hands." Mr. Turner paused a moment, then asked "You're only working through July because you have two-a-day practice starting in August, right?"

"Yes Sir," I replied.

"You play football, wrestle, and run track so you know about training and conditioning, right?"

"I like to think that I do, but I don't run track. I throw the shot."

"Ok, whatever. Where do you work out?"

"We've got bikes, a treadmill, and a pretty good weight room in the basement here so I work out here rather than pay a gym. We're not supposed to use the school in the summer."

"Great! Here's what I'm thinking. Amanda needs someone to get her in shape right now if she's going to be a cheerleader this fall. For the remaining seven weeks you'd work on that job, we'd pay you $2,240. I'll pay you $2,600 to be Amanda's personal trainer from Monday through the start of August."

Amanda was sitting next to me. I looked at her and asked, "Cheerleader?"

Amanda giggled. "Yeah. I don't have a fall sport so I thought it would be fun for my senior year. I talked to the cheer advisor just before school let out and she agreed to let me on the squad for football season. I figured that it would be fun to stand in front of everyone on Friday nights in one of those cheer outfits."

Our cheerleaders wore very tight outfits that were not risqué but were unusually revealing for a high school cheer squad. Amanda would look fantastic in that outfit.

Amanda reached over and squeezed my hand. "Please Harry."

I took me less than a second to understand that Mr. Turner was offering to pay me to spend basically all of the next seven weeks with Amanda. I looked at her and then turned to her father. "Well, I guess that I could do that."

Amanda slapped me on the arm and giggled "jerk!"

After we got dinner cleared up, Mom, Dad, and Mr. and Mrs. Turner got into the pool. Amanda and I got our second beers and went back to our table. Gwen sat down with us. After some meaningless conversation, Amanda said to Gwen, "You've been subdued this afternoon. Is everything ok?"

Gwen said nothing for a second, and then said, "It would have been nice to have a guy here that I could have partnered with."

"Didn't you ask Jeff?" Amanda asked.

Gwen gave a snort. Then she told Amanda how Jeff had mishandled the revelation that Gwen had become a nudist.

"That's too bad," Amanda said when Gwen finished. "But, I never liked Jeff as much as you did. I think this proves that you are better off without him, and you'd spilt up when you go off to school in August anyway. But, that leaves you on your own this summer."

Gwen replied, "Well, there's always my little brother."

"Nope," Amanda responded. "From here on out, he's mine." My heart fluttered again, but that sounded really, really good to me. "I have an idea," Amanda said. "Let me work on it a few days."

Our attention was drawn to the pool. Mom was on Mr. Turner's shoulders wrestling Mrs. Turner, who was sitting on Dad's shoulders. After a few moments and a lot of loud laughter, Mrs. Turner got inside of Mom's arms and gave a shove that knocked Mom over into the water. Mom pulled Mr. Turner under with him.

When Mom and Mr. Turner surfaced, Mr. Turner told Mom, "You know what happens to the loser." Mom giggled and went over to the pool ladder. I have to say, Mom looked pretty good climbing out of the pool with the water dripping off of her nude body. Mr. Tuner followed her out. He grabbed a patio chair and pulled it to the edge of the pool. Mom looked over at us and said, "No, this way." She twisted the chair so that it was facing at a right angle to us.

Mr. Turner sat down in the chair. What happened next was about the most surprising thing to happen in a very surprising week. Mom stood beside Mr. Turner with her back to us. Then she lowered herself and draped herself across Mr. Turner's knees. Mom's ass was up a bit and pointed towards us. Mom spread her legs slightly, exposing herself to us. Then, Mr. Turner spanked her bare ass. Nothing hard or vicious, but enough to get Mom's as cheeks pink.

Gwen and I looked at each other, speechless. Amanda softly said "Wow."

Dad saw us watching. He got out of the pool and walked over. "We and the Turners have known each other well for a long time. Sometimes, when we get together in private, we like to have a little fun which they wouldn't approve of at a resort."

I didn't say anything. Gwen just said, "Dad, it's cool."

Both sets of parents had a fair amount to drink. A bit after Mom's spanking, Mom and Mrs. Turner got Dad and Mr. Turner out of the pool and stood them side-by-side. Mrs. Turner called Amanda and Gwen over.

"Girls," Mrs. Turner said over loudly, "you are the judges. Who has the nicer Dick? Bill or Ryan?"

Amanda and Gwen looked at each other. Finally Amanda shrugged. Both girls got very close to the two men. Gwen asked, "Can we touch them?"

Simultaneously, Mr. Turner yelled "of course" and Mom and Mrs. Turner both shrieked "No!" Gwen and Amanda looked at each other again and smiled. The two girls walked back to where I was standing.

The three of us faced our nude parents. Dad and Mr. Turner stood in the center. Mrs. Turner stood to Dad's right and Dad had his hand on her ass. Mom stood to Mr. Turner's left and had his hand on her ass.

Gwen announced, "Speaking for myself, I'm sorry Dad, Mr. Turner has the more attractive dick."

Amanda said, "My personal favorite is Harry's, but I see where he got it. Of the two, I have to prefer Mr. Stone's dick."

Mr. Turner said, "Shit, a tie."

Mrs. Turner and Mom laughed. Mrs. Turner said, "You boys know the rules. The loser has to hold the winner's dick. You each won and lost so you each grab the other's dick. I'll tell you when to let go."

Dad and Mr. Turner faced each other, reached out, and each took the other man's penis in his hand. This was getting weird.

I think that Mom and Mrs. Turner recognized that things were in danger of going too far too. Mom said, "Ryan, you remember that we have to go to Jerome's brunch tomorrow at 10:30?" (Jerome was one of my Dad's partners).

Mrs. Turner chimed in, "Bill, you have golf at 10:00 with that guy from the bank."

Mr. Turner seemed a bit deflated. He asked his wife, "Can you drive? I can't."

Amanda stepped forward. "I can drive."

We went into the front room. Gwen brought the Turners' clothes. As Mr. Turner and his wife were getting dressed, Mr. Turner told me, "I'll tell the foreman that I've re-assigned you. I'll make sure that Amanda is here early Monday morning."

Amanda took her dress from Gwen, but didn't put it on. "It's late enough that there won't be any traffic. I'll drive home nude."

Amanda stepped very close to me. We embraced. We kissed, for a long while. Amanda was rubbing her belly back and forth against my dick. When we broke our embrace, I had a serious hard-on. Everyone was staring at my dick except Amanda. She was looking into my eyes, smiling. "Save it for me Harry," she said. Then she turned and I watched her perfect bare ass walk out of the house and along the walkway to our drive.

Sunday was a very lazy day, apart from cleaning up. As she made us some breakfast, Mom told Gwen and me, "I hope that you didn't get the wrong idea from last night. Your father and I are very committed to each other. It's just that, sometimes, it is fun to play with someone besides your spouse. We've known the Turners a long time. They're good people."

After Mom and Dad left, Gwen and I were lying beside the pool. "Harry," Gwen said, "I owe you an apology, I think. I've known for a while that Amanda really liked you. I was afraid to say anything to you because I didn't know whether you or she would ever get up the balls to do something about it and I didn't want you hurt if it didn't happen. I guess that I could have done more to make it happen."

"That's ok. It looks like we've hooked up now. I just hope that I don't screw it up."

"You won't," Gwen said. "I still feel like I owe you something." Gwen rolled over on her belly. "How about you put some sunscreen on my ass?"

Gwen had a very nice body. Not Amanda, but damned nice. Gwen's ass was, after her face, her most attractive feature. I grabbed the bottle of sunscreen, put some in my hand, rubbed my hands together to warm it, and began slowly spreading it on Gwen's ass. I had an idea. I'd spread the sunscreen like I was giving Gwen a massage. I began using more pressure and working into her firm muscles.

After several minutes, Gwen said, "You're good. I'm starting to envy Amanda. Hey, get some between my cheeks. I sure don't want a burn there."

With her permission, I gently spread Gwen's buttocks and gently spread a thin coat of sunscreen. I got daring and ran my finger over her asshole.

"Taking liberties?" Gwen said. "Well, take another and put some around my slit." Gwen spread her legs. Not that I've seen hundreds, but I've always thought that my sister has a very attractive pussy. It was on display for me now. I was worried about spreading sunscreen some place that I shouldn't, so I just ran my finger along her lips. I got daring again and started lightly rubbing Gwen's clit.

"Harry, you shouldn't," Gwen said.

"I shouldn't what?" I asked.

"You shouldn't stop. Sorry, but I'm horny."

This was getting interesting and I was getting a hard-on. I accidentally brushed the head of my dick against Gwen's bare ass.

"Harry, you just rubbed your dick on my ass, didn't you?" Gwen asked.

"Not on purpose," I replied.

Gwen rolled over. "We're going too far. But, damn, I'm horny. It isn't incest if we just watch each other get ourselves off is it?"

"I'm not sure," I replied.

"Let's find out," Gwen said. She sat up and began fingering herself. Not to be left out, I grasped my own dick and began stroking. Watching Gwen masturbate was extremely sexy. Before long, she was taking loud, sharp breaths. This was getting to me. I stroked harder and soon shot a long thread, some of which landed on Gwen's bare thigh. Gwen kept finger herself until she gave a moan that started softly and built to a crescendo. She fell onto her back and took a few sharp breaths.

Gwen quickly sat back up. She saw my cum on her thigh. She wiped some of it up with a finger and put the finger in her mouth. "That probably was incest," Gwen said. "Don't tell anyone. Congratulations. Yours is the first man's semen I've had in my mouth."

"I mean this the right way Gwen; I hope that you have others."

"I understand. Thanks. I hope so too."

"Harry, I have a question."

"Yes?"

"When you were jerking off, why did you jerk most around the head of your dick?"

"For me, and I think for every man, the underside of the head is the most sensitive area."

"Thanks. I need to know these things. I don't want to stay a virgin through college."

"You're still a virgin?"

"Yeah. Who'd you think that I'd laid?"

"Well, I just assumed that you and Jeff had."

"I wanted to. Jeff wouldn't."

"Damn. He's absolutely nuts if he turned down a drop-dead beauty like you."

"Do you really think that I'm beautiful Harry?"

"Gwen, there is no 'think' about it. I know that you are very beautiful."

"Better than Amanda?"

"That's not fair, but, since you asked, no, Amanda is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. You're not too far behind though."

"Do I look better naked or with clothes on?"

"Well, you dress pretty well, what I'd call elegant sexy. But, I think it's a no-brainer that you look better naked."

"Well, Harry, I've got to tell you, you look a lot better naked. It isn't that you dress badly, but, in your clothes, you look like a lot of other guys who play football and wrestle. With your clothes off, a girl can see the things which your clothes hide, like how your muscles move, and your dick of course."

"You like my dick?"

"Absolutely. It has a great shape. It is thick and it's big without being too big. You have a dick that everyone should see."

Gwen picked up her watch. "Damn, Mom and Dad will b e home soon. Stand up, there's something I want to do before they get home."

I stood up. Gwen stood up facing me only inches away. "Harry, I want a hug and a like you gave Amanda last night. Both hands on my ass."

At that moment, I didn't need to be told twice. I embraced my sister and felt her bare tits on my chest. I put both hands on her ass and pulled her into me. Gwen's tongue probed my lips until I opened and let her in my mouth. My tongue went into her mouth. We stayed that way quite a while.

Finally, Gwen broke the embrace. "You're not a bad brother. But, we can't go too far." Gwen started walking towards the house. My eyes were on her beautiful bare ass until she turned around and said, "at least, not yet."

Our doorbell rang about 8:30 the next morning. I opened it to Amanda in a tee shirt and shorts. I looked for her car. "I just walked over," she said. "The point is to get in shape, right?"

I took Amanda down to the basement. We undressed and then talked about what she already did to get fit. She had a pretty good program. I wanted her to do some weight training, which she had not been doing. I spent the next hour showing her the technique for various exercise and then had her do them while I watched and corrected her form.

When we took a break, Amanda said, "I like the bench press the best."

"That's odd," I said. "A lot of women have trouble with it because their tits are in the way, and you definitely have tits."

"What I like," Amanda said, "is you standing right past my head to spot me. I look up right at the head of your dick."

We went back to it for another 20 minutes. Then I said, "That is enough weights for today. Being new to it, you will likely be sore tomorrow and I don't want you too sore. What do you want to do for an aerobic workout?"

Amanda smiled. "There is that trail that goes through the woods to near my house. It's about two and a half miles. We could run over to my house."

"What trail?" I asked.

"You don't know?" I'm surprised. I don't know who built them, if anyone, but there are some trails in the woods. One is a few yards into the woods past your back yard. It goes over by my house. You just cut across a small corner of the neighbor's property to get to our back yard."

"Cool," I said. "Ok, we can run that." I started to grad a tee shirt and shorts.

"Harry," Amanda said, "let's run it naked."

"Ok," I said.

We both put on our shoes. I grabbed a pair of shorts to carry with me.

"Harry," Amanda said, "leave the shorts here. Don't you think that it will be more fun if we run naked and don't take any clothes with us?"

Among the many things about Amanda that I loved, I loved the way she thought.

I smiled. "Ok."

I followed Amanda's perfect bare ass up the steps. Mom was in the kitchen as we went through to the back patio.

"I said, "Mom, we're going to run through the woods to Amanda's."

Mom looked up, saw that we had no clothes, and smiled. "Enjoy yourselves," she said.

Fortunately, the woods at the back of our lot were trees without weeds we needed to be careful of. We got to the trail. Amanda smacked her ass. "I hope that you like it because you're going to be following it for the next two and a half miles." She took off running. I followed.

I followed Amanda at a moderate pace for four or five hundred yards. Then I sprinted past her, saying, "you need to vary the pace." I faced forward and pushed it as hard as I could for about a thousand yards. That hurt.

I finally slowed down, turned, and jogged very slowly backwards to see where Amanda was. She was charging to catch up to me. Amanda's breasts were proportionate to her body, not huge. They still made an alluring visual as she ran hard to catch up.

When she came even with me, I told her, "Slow down but don't stop." Amanda was sucking wind, but she kept running. I extended my hand and we jogged naked through the woods, holding hands.

I slowly built the pace back up and asked Amanda to tell me when we were about a quarter mile from her place. When she said we'd reached that point, I charged again, trying to go all out for the last quarter. It hurt worse.

After what seemed like a lot more than a quarter mile, I heard Amanda yell "stop." I slowed to a jog and went around in circles cooling off as she charged up. I opened my arms and Amanda ran into my embrace. I kissed her quickly and said "Keep moving to cool down."

We jogged a little ways further on the trail. Then we turned and went back. About where she had told me to stop, Amanda said we needed to leave the woods to get to her back yard. We hadn't seen anyone on the trail.

I let Amanda lead. She stopped as she reached the edge of the woods. "Damn," she said.

Coming up next to her and putting my arm lightly on the small of her back, I asked "what?"

She pointed. "Mrs. Plummer is out sunning." About 150 yards away, I could see what looked like a middle aged lady lying on a lounger. "We have to cross her back yard to get to our property," Amanda explained.

I took Amanda's hand and led her out of the woods. "Let's hope that she isn't looking," I said.

We walked across the back of Mrs. Plummer's yard, maybe 50yards, to a wood fence. Amanda said, "The gate is up towards the house." We started walking forward. We were, maybe, 30 yards to Mrs. Plummer's left, but we were walking closer to her. If she looked up, she would see that we were both naked.

Finally, we got to the gate. Amanda punched a code into a key pad, the gate unlocked, and we were in her back yard. As we walked towards the Turners' pool, I could see that Mrs. Turner was sunbathing.

As we stepped onto the pool deck, Amanda said, "Hi Mom."

Mrs. Turner looked up. "What have you two been doing?"

"We ran the trail that goes over by the Stones' house," Amanda answered.

"Nude?" Mrs. Turner asked.

"Yeah, we left our clothes at Harry's place."

"That's good," Mrs. Turner said. "Just be careful. There are people around here who think that nudity is sinful." Mrs. Turner stood up. "You two are sweating like crazy. Why don't you both go upstairs and get a shower. Take your time; I'll fix a light lunch you can have when you're done."

Amanda was smiling. She led me inside and upstairs to a large bathroom. "The huge shower is over there," she said, pointing to a tiled space that occupied one end of the room. "I'm betting that our parents have showered together in there. But, for just two, there's a smaller more intimate shower."

Amanda led me past a huge vanity and around a corner. Behind a clear glass door was a small shower. She looked at me and smiled. "I think that we'll just fit." Amanda opened the shower door and turned the water on. She closed the door and we took off our shoes. While Amanda fiddled with pulling a towel out of a hamper, I looked at her. I was almost overwhelmed that I was about to shower with a girl this bright, this beautiful, this nice, and this much fun.

Amanda found the towel she wanted and hung it on a peg in the wall. She opened the shower door with one hand and took my hand in the other. "Remember, Mom told us to take our time."

We just fit together in the shower. We got wet. We each took a bar of soap and began washing each other. We started out innocently, washing arms and shoulders. Then I turned Amanda around and began washing her back and legs. The feel of her skin and the muscles underneath it is with me to this day. I saved her ass for last. First, I washed her hips. Then, I began working between her hips. Finally, without soap, I began fingering Amanda's asshole.

After a few seconds, Amanda turned around. She put her hands under my shoulders to tell me to stand up. Once I stood, we were facing. I looked into her eyes and had never seen anything so beautiful. We kissed. Amanda's wet hand began stroking my dick. I put my hand between her legs and began fingering her clit.

We were getting each other pretty worked up with our hands when Amanda leaned to my ear and said "Please." She leaned the short distance back to the shower wall and spread her legs. She put both hands on my dick and guided it into her slit. As I entered her, I felt a momentary slight resistance that immediately gave way. I guess that I was proud to be the first man to enter Amanda.

Neither of us were experienced lovers. I figured out the basics and Amanda helped. Everything about the experience felt wonderful. I could feel myself getting ready to come when Amanda shrieked "Oh God!" so loud I'm betting that Mrs. Plummer heard her. Amanda collapsed into my arms just as I came inside her.

I pulled out as soon as I had come. We stood there under the water, holding each other and panting. After what seemed like hours, but was probably only a minute or two, Amanda smiled and kissed me. "Wash me off then dry me, lover," she said. I gladly obliged.

Once I had toweled Amanda off outside the shower and she had returned the pleasure, she said, "Just so you know, I went on contraceptives about a month ago. I was hoping that I'd get the opportunity to do this with you."

Once we were dried, we went downstairs, naked of course. Mrs. Turner had put out bread, a selection of cold meats, and some fruit. Mrs. Turner was naked too. "You can look Harry. I'm not Amanda, but I'm not bad and I enjoy it."

Turning to Amanda, Mrs. Turner asked, "You came?"

Smiling, Amanda said "Of course!"

"How was it dear?"

"Great!" Amanda replied.

Mrs. Turner smiled. "That was what I thought about the first time I got laid too. Like you, I did it with someone I cared a lot about." Turning to me, Mrs. Turner asked "How was it for you Harry?"

"Great, special, exquisite, I don't have the right superlative," I replied.

"I'm glad that you both enjoyed it," Mrs. Turner said. "You two have, at least, this summer and your whole senior year to make love to each other. My advice is just stay true to each other and be honest and open with each other. Don't start playing around with someone else behind the other's back."

"There's no risk of that," I said. "I'm already with the greatest girl alive."

Amanda looked at me for a long moment. Then she said, "I love you Harry."

After we ate a light lunch, Amanda said, "Let's go back upstairs and get a short nap. We've got another workout session this afternoon."

Amanda led me to her bedroom, pulled back the sheet on her bed, and said, "Get in." I did. Amanda got in after me. I rolled onto my side. Amanda lay on her side and sort of backed into me, with her butt against my dick. I had my arms around her, one under her and one on top.

"Harry?"

"Yes?"

"Gwen told me about your mutual masturbation session yesterday."

I must have tensed because Amanda went on, "It's cool. Gwen is my best friend and she is sexy. Just, from now on, you tell me about stuff like that. Ok? And, please don't do anything with anyone besides Gwen and me."

I said, very sincerely, "I will not only tell you everything, I won't do anything with anyone but you."

Amanda giggled. "Let's not go too far. You and Gwen and me might be fun. Remember I said that there are some kinks that look like fun?"

New Family Rules Ch. 03
byHStoner©

This story is the third in a series. I strongly recommend reading the prior stories in order because this story is a continuation of those. Any similarities to any real person are entirely coincidental. The e-mail address that appears near the end is, I hope, not real.

*****

Being Amanda's personal trainer was a dream come true. Of course, I got to spend a lot of time with the most beautiful girl I have ever seen and we were both naked most of that time. But, even fully clothed, Amanda was, and still is, a great person to be around. She was, and is, intelligent, kind, funny, and always interesting. For reasons I still don't get, she also seemed to enjoy being around me.

We frequently included nude running on the trail through the woods in our workouts. We never took any clothing with us so we would not have been able to cover up if we met someone. However, for the first couple of weeks, we never met anyone on the trail.

Amanda and I were on the trail late one morning, nude except for our shoes of course. We had just finished a sprint session of about 300 yards. We were both breathing hard as we jogged up a small slope. I really wasn't looking much beyond the ground right in front of me until I heard Amanda say "Oh shit!" Looking up I saw a woman jogging towards us about 50 yards away.

Amanda then said, "Double shit! That's Coach Hill!" Jan Hill was Amanda's tennis coach at school. "There's no place to hide and she's probably already seen us," Amanda gasped. "What do we do?"

"Act natural, I suppose," I replied profoundly. "Let's just keep jogging."

My intent was to just jog past Coach Hill as if nothing was at all unusual. That didn't work.

As we closed on the Coach, she said "Amanda? Harry Stone? What are you doing?"

Amanda and I stopped. Coach Hill had stopped too and was facing us. Coach Hill was a reasonably pretty woman and, although I did not realize it at the time, probably not too many years older than we were. Our school was her first coaching job out of college.

Amanda answered the Coach's question. "Running," she said. We stood there in front of Coach Hill while she gave each of us a very long look.

Finally, Coach Hill said, "I can see that you've been running. Why aren't you wearing any clothes?"

"It feels better to run naked," Amanda answered.

"Aren't you worried about people seeing you?" Coach Hill asked.

"Not really," Amanda replied. "We've been running naked on this trail for most of two weeks and you're the first person who has seen us."

"You both seem pretty casual about it. Does it bother either of you that I'm seeing you naked?" Coach asked.

"Not at all," Amanda replied and looked at me.

I just said, "no."

Coach Hill gave a slight smile. "Ok. I'll let you get back to your run. Just be careful." With that, Coach Hill started jogging away from us.

We stood there watching until we thought that Coach Hill couldn't hear us. Then Amanda giggled. "That was fun," she said. "Coach gave you a long look. How'd that feel Harry?"

I thought about that for a second. The truth was that I had enjoyed an attractive woman looking at my naked body. "It was fun," I said.

Amanda put her arms around me and kissed me. Keeping her arms around me, Amanda broke the kiss and said, "That's for my exhibitionist boyfriend."

I kissed Amanda again. "That's for my exhibitionist girlfriend," I said.

Amanda laughed. "We're perfect for each other."

We started jogging again. When we got close to Amanda's house, we cut through Mrs. Plummer's yard, waving to Mrs. Plummer who was outside sunning, and went up to the Turner house. As we walked in the back door, we met Amanda's mother. Amanda told her that we had met Coach Hill on the trail.

"What did your Coach say?" Mrs. Turner asked.

"She wanted to know why we were naked. I told her that it felt better to run naked," Amanda said.

Mrs. Turner smiled. "I really don't think that Jan Hill will have any problem with the two of you going nude."

I wondered whether Mrs. Turner knew something about Coach Hill that I didn't.

"Oh," Mrs. Turner said, "Bill and I talked with Ryan and Linda. Since we're all going nude together now, we thought that we ought to take you to a resort before Gwen goes off the college and you two get busy with school and sports. We made a reservation for the weekend after next at a pretty nice place in Florida. We're all flying out to Tampa a week from Thursday. We'll be back that Sunday."

It was just like my parents, and Amanda's, to book something like that without asking us first. Still, I couldn't be too frustrated. I didn't have anything scheduled for that weekend and it would be great to go on a trip with my new girlfriend. Better still, we'd both be naked for much of the trip.

We flew out Thursday morning of the following week. Amanda and I sat together on the plane, holding hands most of the time. I still couldn't get over how, even in a tee shirt and jeans, Amanda was so incredibly beautiful.

We had a kind of a long drive after we reached the airport. I was starting to get bored when we turned onto a two lane road. We drove a short distance to an almost full parking lot outside of a solid fence. Beyond the fence, I could see the upper parts of several buildings that looked like a condo development. Sort of built into the fence, but accessible from the parking lot was a single story building with a sign over the door that said "Office."

As we crawled out of the rental car, my mother said, "Everyone get your bags." We had each checked a single bag containing a few clothes, toiletries, and tons of sunscreen. Amanda, Gwen, and I followed our parents into the office. I knew that we were at the nudist resort and I was a little surprised to see the pleasant-looking woman behind the counter wearing clothes. Once Mr. Turner and Dad made the arrangements, they led us to a door on the opposite side of the office from where we had entered.

Pushing open the door, Mr. Turner said "our rooms are on the other side of the pool."

I stepped aside to let Gwen, Amanda, Mom, and Mrs. Turner go out before me. As I stepped out of the office, the first thing I noticed was that the sun was very bright and it was hot. We were on a very large concrete patio. In front and to our right was a very large pool. To the left was an open-air bar under a thatched roof. Almost everywhere else on the patio were lounge chairs. Most of them had people in them. More people were on floats in the pool. None of the people had any clothes on.

Amanda took my hand as we followed our parents among the lounge chairs. I suppose that we were gawking, but I couldn't help it. I'd never seen this many naked people anywhere before, even in pictures. As we kept walking, Amanda softly said "wow!"

As we neared a building and came under the shade of some palm trees, Gwen said to Amanda and me, "This looks pretty cool."

We followed our parents to one of the buildings bordering the pool patio and up a flight of stairs. After going a short ways along a walkway looking down on the pool, we stopped.

Amanda and I were still looking at all the naked people around the pool when Dad said, "All we could get were two rooms. The adults are taking one and you three kids (I didn't appreciate that) will be in there other. Here." Dad handed me a keycard.

As Mr. Turner opened the door to one of the rooms, Mrs. Turner said, "If we hurry up and get our clothes off, we might still be able to get enough chairs."

As our parents walked into the other room, my Mother said, "Please don't forget to use your sunscreen."

I unlocked the door of the room next to our parents and held it open for Amanda and Gwen. I followed the girls in. Immediately inside was a living room with a sofa, coffee table, and a big TV on the wall. Behind that I could see a small table and four chairs and a kitchenette. To our left was a door that opened into a bedroom with one large bed. Several beach towels were nicely folded and stacked on the bed.

Gwen quipped, "I guess we're sleeping together."

Ever the gentleman, I said, "I'll take the sofa."

"No. You will not," Amanda responded. "Let's get our clothes off and get outside."

We were used to being naked together and stripped down without hesitation. We slathered sunscreen on ourselves. Amanda handed me her bottle and said, "Harry, will you get my back and butt?"

I worked sunscreen into Amanda's muscular back and onto her ass cheeks. I ran my fingers up her ass crack. I was already enjoying the trip. Finished, I turned around to let Amanda get my back. As always, her hands felt wonderful rubbing the sunscreen on my back and butt.

When I thought she was finished, Amanda said, "Get your legs apart."

I spread my legs a bit and felt Amanda reach between them. She was rubbing sunscreen on the back side of my balls.

Finished, Amanda stood, walked in front of me, and said, "I don't want anything I'm going to play with this weekend to get burned."

Amanda and I started to grab beach towels but Gwen said, in a peeved tone, "What about my back?"

Amanda just extended an arm, gesturing for me to put sunscreen on my sister. Gwen had really nice skin, so I didn't mind rubbing the sunscreen over her back. I stopped at the top of Gwen's hips.

"Do my ass too Harry," Gwen instructed. So, I did. Even if she was my sister, Gwen still had a nice ass. I didn't mind playing with it a little bit.

Finished, all three of us grabbed beach towels. I grabbed the keycard and Amanda grabbed a small beach bag she had brought. Stepping outside, Gwen pointed to the far side of the pool. "There's a group of empty chairs over there."

We walked down the steps and across the pool patio. All three of us were looking at all of the naked people. The people were mostly couples and mostly middle-aged or older. While there were a few fat people, the crowd as a whole looked fitter than I'd have expected. While we were looking, a lot of people were looking at Amanda and Gwen. They both looked very beautiful naked and were, without question, far and away the most beautiful women at the pool.

We ended up walking around about two-thirds of the pool. In part, I think that was because Amanda and Gwen were enjoying having people look at their naked bodies. We found a group of four empty chairs and dropped our towels on them. After scouting around a bit, we found three more empty chairs and brought them over for our parents.

Amanda pulled two lounge chairs together so that they were touching and she and I sat down in them. "This will be interesting people-watching," Amanda said.

A few minutes later, we saw our parents coming out of there room. Gwen waived her arm and got an acknowledging nod from Dad. All four of our parents were smiling and laughing as they walked naked across the pool patio. Amanda, Gwen, and I had been working on our tans, but none of us had the deep, even all-over tans of Mom, Dad, and the Turners.

As our parents walked towards us, Amanda said softly, "Our parents all look pretty good naked, don't they?"

I nodded and quickly added, "But nowhere near as beautiful as you."

Amanda smiled. "Smart man," she said.

We people watched for a while. It wasn't hard because there were always people walking to or from the poolside bar. I could see that the woman working behind the bar was topless. I couldn't tell whether she had bottoms on. What I had not seen were any people our age.

After she got tired of watching naked people, Amanda pulled a book out of her bag. It was a biography that she had told me about. She began to read part of it to me softly. I really didn't care that much about the biography, but I loved listening to Amanda's voice.

I hadn't noticed anyone walk up until I heard a voice politely say, "Excuse us." Amanda and I looked up. Standing in front of us were a boy and a girl about our age.

"Hi," the girl said. "I'm Melissa, this is Seth. You guys are new here, right?"

"Yes," I replied. "We came down with our parents," I added, gesturing towards Mom, Dad, and the Turners.

Melissa gestured towards Gwen, who was dozing. "She's your sister, right?" I nodded. "It's pretty clear that you two are an item," Melissa added.

Seth spoke for the first time. "The reason we came over is that a few of our friends want to play water volleyball. We need three more players. Will you?"

I looked at Amanda who nodded her head affirmatively. I reached over and tapped Gwen's arm.

"What?" Gwen said groggily.

"We've been asked to play water volleyball. They need one more. Are you in?"

Gwen looked up at Melissa and Seth. "Sure," she said. I'm sure that the fact that Seth looked very fit had no influence on Gwen's decision.

We followed Melissa and Seth to another arm of the pool. This part of the pool was narrower and a net was already set up across it. On one side of the net, I could see six people who looked to be about our age. One guy was in the water on the other side.

Melissa pointed at the lone guy in the water. "That's my brother Stuart. You'll be on our team." We all got into the water with Stuart.

The game was actually pretty much fun. Of course, Amanda and I "accidently" bumped into each other a number of times going for the ball. Once, I was about to return an attempted spike when Melissa jumped in front of me to hit the ball. She lost her balance coming down and fell into me. We both went under water as I sort of naturally put my arms out to catch her. Melissa fell with her butt squarely on my dick. As I tried to steady her, I got two handfuls of her tits. We stayed in that position under water for a moment before we both surfaced. Melissa turned to me; her face framed by her wet brown hair, smiled, and said, "Thank you Harry." I looked over at Amanda who was grinning.

Finally, everyone tired of the game. We got out of the pool with Melissa, Seth, and Stuart. The three boys and three girls from the other side of the net joined us. "Come on," some said, "let's get some Cokes."

We walked towards the bar. Melissa explained, "We can get soft drinks at the bar. They won't sell you booze unless you're 21, but they're not uptight if your parents buy a drink and you 'happen' to drink it."

The twelve of us stood around one end of the bar, drinking our soft drinks and talking. Melissa and one of the other girls were attractive, but not in the same league with Amanda or Gwen.

As we stood there, Melissa told Amanda, Gwen and me that, "this group is the only people in their late teens here right now, so we tend to hang out together. Of course, anyone is always free to do his or her own thing. No offense taken. Tomorrow is Friday. There's a pretty good barbeque place that's not very expensive about a mile from here. You have to get dressed, but we all sort of compete to see how little we can get away with wearing. The people who run the place don't mind and they don't card as long as you only order beer. You're welcome to come with us. Oh, Saturday night, the resort brings in a band and turns the indoor bar into a night club, complete with the mirrored ball. Pretty much everyone goes. We all have to wear wristbands showing that we're not 21. It is a show worth seeing."

Amanda said, "Well, Harry and I have to work out in the morning. We heard this place has a small gym, so we'll probably spend a couple of hours there."

Melissa smiled. "Yes, there is a gym here, but you might have to get creative to get a good workout in it. That's no problem though. I think that Seth and I are going to take a long walk tomorrow morning. There are some really private walking paths on the grounds." Melissa winked as she said that.

Gwen interrupted, "we probably ought to check on our parents. Can't leave them unattended too long you know." The three of us left the bar and went back to the lounge chairs where our parents were sitting. All four of them had been drinking a bit, but so had most everyone else around the pool. Amanda told our parents about our conversation with Melissa.

Mrs. Turner said, "That's fine with me I you want to have dinner with them tomorrow night. Just stay out of trouble." Mom nodded.

Mr. Turner said, "Yes, the night club can be quite a show. We'll take you. Hell, I'll even buy you a drink or two. Speaking of which, what are you drinking? I'll go get them for you."

Gwen and I looked at our parents who nodded slightly. Before either of us could say anything, Amanda interjected, "We'll have three pina colada. Thanks Dad."

Mr. Turner brought us our drinks. Amanda, Gwen, and I lay in our lounge chairs sipping the drinks. It was becoming late afternoon. Finally, Amanda stood up and told me, "Move over." I made some room and she lay down in the lounge chair with me. With the booze, the perfect weather, and Amanda's naked body lying alongside mine, I thought life could not get any better.

The sun was much lower in the sky, and our drinks were long gone, when Mom stood up and said, "We'd probably better get ready for dinner. The restaurant here is just ok, but we can go to dinner naked." We did. It was a new and different experience to have dinner in a restaurant nude, especially since the waitress was fully clothed.

After dinner, Mom, Dad, and the Turners went to the main bar next to the restaurant. It was now dark, but the pool was lit and there were still a few people using it. We pulled some lounge very close together and lay back, enjoying the evening. Finally, Gwen suggested that we try the hot tub, which was on but had no one in it.

We had only been in the tub a short time when a couple who looked like they were in their early 40s got in with us. They introduced themselves as Chris and Monica and sat down on the opposite side of the tub. We talked with Chris and Monica for a while, but it became more and more apparent that their attention was focused on whatever their hands were doing under the water.

Chris's arm was moving more energetically as Monica closed her eyes and tilted her head back. Finally, Monica let out a low moan. The she took a few deep breathes. She straightened her head, looked at us, and smiled. "I love to have Chris get me off when there are strangers nearby," she said. Chris and Monica left the tub, walking with their arms around each other, soon after.

Gwen said, "Shit. I didn't need that. Now I'm horny. You two have each other, but I'm here by myself."

Amanda looked into my eyes for a moment or two. Then she said, "Let's shower off and go back to the room." We got out of the tub and used the outdoor shower that was on the pool deck.

When we were inside our room, Amanda said, "Gwen has a problem. We need to fix that."

"What?" Gwen exclaimed.

Amanda said, "Just relax and go with the flow." She walked over to her bag and pulled out a bottle of wine which she opened. She went to the kitchenette and took three glasses out of a cabinet. She poured the wine into three full glasses and handed one to Gwen and one to me. "Drink," Amanda said. We drank.

Amanda led Gwen into the bedroom. Curious, I followed. Amanda and Gwen were standing, facing each other. Suddenly, Amanda hugged Gwen and began to kiss her on the lips. I could see Amanda's right hand between Gwen's legs. Gwen was responding and put her arms around Amanda's bare body. I was getting hard watching my sister and my girlfriend naked and making out.

After a few minutes, Amanda turned her face towards me and winked. "Gwen, lie down on the bed, on your back, please spread your legs." Gwen did as she was told. Her pussy was on full display and, frankly, it looked pretty nice.

Amanda looked at me, stuck her tongue out and wiggled it a few times. Then she said, "Harry, get to work."

Gwen shrieked "what?!" and started to rise up.

Amanda gently pushed her back down. "Don't worry," Amanda said, "It's not incest unless there's penetration. Harry's just going to eat you."

I'm not sure why I went along with it, but I climbed on the bed between Gwen's legs. I looked into her face for a long minute. I saw some fear but also a lot of desire. Finally, Gwen nodded her head once.

I bent down to my sister's pussy. First, I blew a soft stream of breath on her clit. Then, I began to lick her clit. Gwen actually tasted pretty good. I put my mouth around her clit and began sucking on it. I worked my tongue deeper into her and pushed it as hard as I could up against her pelvic bone. Then, I went back to licking and sucking Gwen's clit.

Gwen started breathing harder. After a bit, I felt her hips bucking just a little. Finally, Gwen gave a loud scream and clamped her legs together. Gwen had strong legs and my head was between them. I rather like having my head between the legs of a beautiful woman, but the thought crossed my mind that it would be tough to explain if I suffocated while eating out my own sister.

After what seemed like a long time, Gwen relaxed. I sat up on my knees on the bed. Gwen rose up into a sitting position. We looked into each other's eyes for quite a while. Then, Gwen leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. Leaning back, she said "You're a hell of a brother, Harry."

Amanda said, "Ok. Now we do something for Harry. This gets a bit messy, but it is powerful on him and fun to see. Harry, get up and lean on the bed."

I got off of the bed, stood beside it, and leaned forward with my hands on the bed. I could feel Amanda spreading my ass cheeks. Soon, I felt her finger working its way into my asshole.

"What are you doing?" Gwen asked Amanda.

"I'm going to massage his prostate with my finger. It gets him really hard. Mom says that almost every guy likes it. Hey, get me some tissues."

I could feel Amanda's finger rubbing my prostate. It felt great. I heard Gwen walk back into the room and say "here" to Amanda.

Next, I felt Amanda's finger pull out of my ass. I heard Amanda tell Gwen, "You try it." Soon, I felt another finger penetrate my sphincter. I tried to relax as much as I could while my sister felt for my prostate. Gwen found it and began rubbing energetically. She was rubbing hard enough that it hurt, but I was also getting extremely hard.

Amanda said, "Don't come lover." I felt Gwen pull her finger out. Amanda spun me around and pushed me on my back on the bed. She hopped on top of me, straddled me, and guided my painfully hard dick into her.

Amanda was riding me hard because she knew that I was going to come soon. I was trying to hold back because I wanted her to come when I did. I missed that goal. Instead, I quickly shot the most forceful load I had ever into Amanda.

"No worry," Amanda panted, "just stay there." Despite coming, I was still hard and she continued to ride me. Finally, I heard the heavy breathing and short yip sounds that I knew immediately preceded an Amanda Turner orgasm. Amanda let out her orgasm moan and fell on top of me. I put my arms around her and we kissed. For a long time.

When Amanda finally rolled off of me, I looked up at Gwen. "That was great," Gwen said.

Amanda bounced off of the bed. "I think that we all need a shower."

The shower in the room wasn't huge for one person, but all three of us squeezed in. As much as I could, I washed Amanda and Gwen, all over. They washed me. Amanda washed my dick. Gwen washed my balls. Finally, all three of us just hugged.

The bedroom and bath must have been the parts of the room that shared a wall with our parents' room. As we got out of the shower we heard voices through the wall. I could recognize them as my mother and Amanda's mother. It sounded like both women were very stimulated.

"I wonder who's fucking who," Gwen said.

"Does it matter?" Amanda asked.

It wasn't really that late, but it had been a long day. We were all three genuinely tired. Amanda pulled the bedcovers down, looked at me, and said, "you first."

I got into bed and moved to the middle. Amanda got into bed on my right and Gwen got in on my left. I slept well that night between the two greatest women I knew.

As was her habit, Amanda woke disappointingly early the next morning. She roused me, saying "come on. We need to work out." We each ate an energy bar, put on flips, and left the room to find the resort gym.

After a bit of hunting, we found that gym in a small free-standing building which I thought might once have been a shed to store mowers and the like. No windows and no fan. Near one wall there was a Smith machine but all I could find were four rusting 25 lbs plates. There was a treadmill that had seen better days. In the center of the small room was something that I had only seen a couple of times before: a universal gym. A quick look at the weight stacks told me that Amanda was going to get more befit out of this workout than I was. Still, it was better than doing nothing.

With some creativity, we managed a 90 minute workout. It was just hot in the airless room by the time we finished. We were both sweaty (not a bad thing in Amanda's case). Stepping outside from the workout room felt like walking into cold storage, although I'm guessing that it was already well over 80 degrees outside.

As Amanda and I walked back towards the pool area and our room, we ran into Melissa and Seth. "You guys did work out this morning. Good job!" Seth said. "Hey, do you want to come back to my unit. We have a really nice shower which you can use."

Seth's suggestion made some sense, so Amanda and I joined Melissa and Seth walking towards a part of the resort we had not seen before. Seth stopped at a newer-looking two-storey building. I noticed that there was no walkway or doors visible on the second floor and guessed that these units had two floors. Seth opened the door to a unit and let us into a room that was much larger and nicer than ours.

Amanda quipped, "Who do you know to get the good rooms?"

Melissa answered, "This is a condo unit. Seth's parents own it. They let us use it anytime they are not here."

Seth said, "The master bath with the shower is upstairs. Come on."

We followed Seth through a very nice living room. Where the room transitioned to a dining room, there was a set of stairs. We followed Seth up the stairs and down a hallway. The master bath was huge. Against the far wall, through a clear partition, we could see an enormous shower. "Help yourselves," Seth said.

Amanda and I walked into the shower and turned on the water. It was immediately warm. We began washing each other. I noticed that Melissa and Seth were still standing in the bathroom watching us. After a few minutes, Melissa shouted, "Amanda, try the hand-held on your clit."

In a holder on the wall was a hand-held shower-head on a metallic hose. Around the shower-head was a ring that allowed you to adjust it to produce different kinds on streams. I looked at Amanda and shrugged. She took the hand-held out of its rack, pointed it at the floor, and turned the knob next to it. A powerful stream of water shot out. Amanda adjusted the ring to produce a pulsating stream of water. Then she spread her legs and aimed the shower-head at her clit.

It took a few seconds before Amanda giggled "that's pretty nice." However, she turned the water off and put the hand-held back in its rack. "I don't want to come right now, especially since there's nothing to get you off."

"As we stepped out of the shower and started to dry each other, Amanda said to Melissa and Seth, "That shower-head is nice. In fact, the whole place seems pretty nice."

Seth said, "Thank you."

"I was impressed the first time I was here too," Melissa said. "Seth and I met freshman year at U_F. We dated for several months before he confessed to me that he was a nudist. I'd never really thought about nudism. I knew that people did it, but I figured they were just flakes. Seth invited me to come here. I was a little hesitant but I agreed because, well, I really like Seth and he told me that I could leave my clothes on if I wanted to."

Seth interjected, "Come on down to the kitchen. We've got juice, or something stronger if you want that." We followed Seth back downstairs to the kitchen. It was still early enough that everyone stuck with juice.

As we sat down on barstool chairs in the kitchen, Amanda asked Melissa, "So, did you keep your clothes on the first time you came here?"

Melissa chuckled. "We got here kinda late so no one was out around the pool, and we came straight to the unit. We ate, fucked, and went to sleep. We slept kinda late the next morning. When we got up, Seth took a quick shower and pulled on some flip-flops. Stand there completely naked, he said to me that it was time to go to the pool and that people should be out by then. I quickly pulled on this one-piece I'd brought and followed Seth's bare ass to the pool."

Melissa took a sip a juice then continued her story. "Of course, when we got to the pool there were a ton of people already out. Every single one of them was naked. I was the only person covered up. My first reaction was a bit of shock, but, as I looked around, it started to look kinda nice. Anyway, I followed Seth over to a couple of empty lounge chairs. A few people said hi to Seth. I knew that he came here, but was still surprised to realize that there were people here who knew him. I also noticed that people were looking at me and it dawned on me that I stood out because I was clothed."

"She stood out because she's so damn beautiful," Seth interjected.

Melissa smiled. "I sat down in the lounge chair and kept my suit on. I was watching all these naked people walking around, talking, swimming or playing in the pool just like folks do around a pool anywhere. Finally, I decided that I had to try it. I stood up and started taking my suit off. As I uncovered my tits, I noticed that everyone seemed to be looking at me."

"Everyone comes to the pool naked so someone stripping down by the pool is unusual and draws attention," Seth added.

"Anyway," Melissa continued, "I was surprised at myself to realize that I was enjoying people looking at my bare tits. I quickly pushed my suit the rest of the way down to my feet and then bent over to pick it up. When I stood back up, I looked around and saw that people were still looking at me and I realized that I'd just flashed my bare ass and bare cunt. That made me feel really good for some reason and I've gone from there."

"So you enjoy people seeing you naked?" Amanda asked.

"Hell yeah," Melissa responded. "Don't get me wrong. There are a lot of reasons to enjoy going nude, but I do really enjoy people seeing me in the nude."

"Good," Amanda responded, "I thought that I was the only one."

"I think that a lot more people than admit it get a kick out of being seen naked," Melissa said.

Seth said, "There are nudists and there are exhibitionists and there are people like us who are both. I'd say that the majority of people at this resort are nudists. They just feel more comfortable not wearing clothes. But, there is a substantial minority who are also exhibitionists. No one really seems to mind."

"Another thing I learned quickly," Melissa said, "is that almost everyone is a nicer person when they are naked. I much prefer being with a group of naked people than clothed people."

Seth smiled. "Yes, but you enjoy being nude around clothed people too."

I must have had a quizzical look on my face because Melissa looked at me and giggled. "That's true. U_F is so big that there are people there into everything imaginable. Once I had committed to loving being nude, Seth and I quickly found some other couples at school who shared our interest. Early last year, sophomore year, we and two other couples started having a dinner once a month. One couple would be nude the whole time while the other two couples stayed clothed. We all took turns being the nude couple. It was fun being nude with clothed people, but we'd all seen each other nude so much that it wasn't really that daring."

Seth picked up the story. "At our dinner last December, everyone agreed that we had to spice things up a little. So we decided that one couple each month had to bring a new couple to the dinner. Someone that you thought wouldn't freak out because two people at the dinner were naked. It's worked pretty well. We had dinners January through May, when school let out, and March was the only one when we didn't have a new couple. Two of the couples have kept coming back."

Melissa laughed. "We tell them at the end of their first dinner that they are welcome to come back to the dinners but if they do come back they are agreeing to be the nude couple at a future dinner. The nude couple in May was the couple that came for the first time in January. I think that they enjoyed themselves."

Amanda looked at a clock and said, "Hey, thanks a lot for the shower and the juice, but we really ought to get back to our families."

As we stood, Seth said, "That's cool."

Melissa asked, "You still up for barbeque at Tony's tonight?" Amanda and I nodded affirmatively. "Great," Melissa said, "we'll have to go early before they get busy; say just after 5:00? I think two others are going with us."

As we walked back by the pool, we saw the Turners, Mom, Dad, and Gwen in lounge chairs. Mrs. Turner said, "We were beginning to wonder about you two."

"We ran into Seth and Melissa," Amanda said. "Seth's parents own a condo unit in another part of the resort. He showed it to us. It's really nice."

Mr. Turner said, "We thought about buying here, but this place is a bit too vanilla and I didn't want to be tied to just one place."

Gwen interjected, "I brought down your towels, sunscreen, and books. Sit down and relax."

Amanda and I sat by the pool with our families until about 3:00 p.m. Melissa walked up then with another girl. "Hi. I'm pretty sure that you didn't bring anything appropriate for Tony's so we need to take you shopping. This is Barb. She and her resort boyfriend Michael are coming with us tonight."

Barb was a larger girl than Melissa. Not fat, just broader shoulders and hips and much bigger breasts. Beneath her copper-colored hair, her face was freckled. Her red bush confirmed that she was a natural redhead. Barb was also attractive (almost any woman is when she's naked), but she wasn't an Amanda or Gwen either.

Amanda, Gwen, and I followed Melissa and Barb to the resort's boutique near the pool. As we walked up, Barb explained to us, "What you want for Tony's is something that won't get you busted on the street, at least not right away, but that still lets you show off."

Melissa and Barb quickly agreed that pareos were the right thing for Amanda and Gwen. I learned that a pareo is a single large piece of fairly sheer cloth, usually dyed with some sort of print pattern. Depending upon how you tie it around your body, you can achieve a variety of looks. I got the fashion short straw. What was picked out for me was a pair of nylon running shorts, a size or so too small so that my dick poked out the leg opening, and a mesh muscle shirt.

We met at Seth's condo about 4:00 p.m. to get ready for dinner. Of course, all I had to do was pull on the shorts, shirt, and shoes. Seth wore a tee shirt and a sarong around his waist. Barb's "resort boyfriend" Michael wore a long, flowing robe that looked like something out of "Lawrence of Arabia." Melissa and Barb both wore short sundresses with buttons up the front. Even without the demonstrating, it was obvious that they wore nothing underneath.

Melissa and Barb spent considerable time on tying the pareos on Amanda and Gwen. After several false starts, they came up with a similar arrangement for each girl that barely covered her tits and had a split in the front such that a long stride would expose their pussies. After her pareo was tied on, Gwen stood by the French doors leading to Seth's balcony. With the sun behind her, Gwen's body was clearly outlined under her pareo.

Seth led us out through a locked gate in the fence to a parking lot that I hadn't known existed. Tony's was a short drive up the busy US highway that the resort was located off of. The restaurant was a free-standing building with its own sand and gravel parking lot. No other cars were in the lot. As they got out of Seth's car, I noticed that both Melissa and Barn undid buttons at the top and bottom of their dresses.

As we walked into the restaurant, a voice boomed through the window into the kitchen. "Melissa, Seth, so good to see you again. But, Melissa, why am I seeing so little of you?"

Melissa turned to face the opening into the kitchen. A huge, swarthy man was looking out, smiling. Melissa took the hem of her dress in her hands and lifted it up and away so that it separated where she had unbuttoned it. Melissa was, of course, bare underneath.

The big man in the kitchen smiled broadly. "You look 21, "he boomed. "What about your friends?"

Amanda, Gwen, and Barb got the idea and flashed the man in the kitchen. Melissa explained, "That's Tony, the owner and chief cook."

We walked over to a booth against the wall and sat. An older lady soon came over with two pitchers of beer. She said, "Tony has vouched for you girls, but I need to check ID on the boys."

Melissa reached over and pulled up Seth's sarong so that he was exposed to the waitress. Michael opened his robe exposing himself. Amanda reached in and pulled my dick and balls fully out of my running shorts. The waitress gave each of our dicks a long look before saying, "You're good" and walking away.

Melissa explained, "That's Marge. I think that she's Tony's wife but I don't know for sure. They're both pervs but, what the hell, it's fun. Seth and I come here every time we come to the resort. It's always the same. I show Tony my pussy and Seth shows Marge his dick and, voila! We have beer."

Michael quipped, "You know, it feels good out. I think I'll leave it out." We all did.

My ribs with sides a hush puppies and cucumber salad were delicious. So was the bite I got of Amanda's catfish. We sat and talked a long time. Marge brought two more pitchers of beer.

While we were eating and talking, two couples and a group of three guys came in. Melissa said, "It is going to start to get busy. We ought to leave soon."

Naturally, the beer meant that I needed to piss. I pushed my dick and balls back into my shorts and got out of the booth. While I wasn't "exposed," the shorts were tight enough that the outline of my dick and balls were very noticeable. One of the couples gave me a strange look as I walked back to the booth, but no one said anything.

We paid Marge (I was surprised at how inexpensive the meal and beer were). Then Melissa said, "There's one more ritual at Tony's." She undid the remaining buttons on her sundress and wriggled out of it. Following her lead, Barb took off her dress and Gwen and Amanda untied their pareos. After a pause, Melissa instructed "Guys too." Seth and I pulled off our tops. Michael just slid out of his robe, but I had to struggle a bit getting the shorts off under the table.

When everyone was ready, all seven of us climbed out of the booth, holding our clothes in our hands. Melissa stopped in front of the counter with the cash register where Marge was standing. Marge looked us all up and down. Behind her, Tony was looking out of the kitchen, although I'm betting that he was just looking at the girls. I glanced around and saw that everyone else in the restaurant was looking too.

We rode naked in Seth's car back to the resort. We followed Melissa and Seth to Seth's condo where we had more drinks and talked some more. Around 10:00 p.m., Barb loudly said, "I think it is time for the hot tub." Naked, we trooped out of the condo and towards the pool area.

Although it was dark, there were a few people around the pool and, it looked like, three couples in the hot tub. Melissa quickly said, "Over here" and led us to a second, smaller tub built into the pool patio. I hadn't noticed it before. It would be a tight fit, but we were all friends.

We climbed into the tub while Melissa hit the switch that turned it on. Once Melissa got in, I was squeezed pretty tightly between Amanda and Barb. We were talking and laughing when I felt a hand grab my dick. The hand did not seem to come from the side Amanda was on. I turned to look at Barb.

Barb smiled at me. "Sorry. Brainfart. I was trying to grab Michael's dick. Yours did feel pretty nice though."

I smiled back. "No problem," I said. That was true. I usually don't have a problem if a reasonably attractive woman wants to handle my dick.

"This is too cramped," Barb announced. She climbed into Michael's lap. Melissa did the same with Seth. Soon, those two couples were kissing and playing with each other. I felt another hand on my dick that I was sure was Amanda's. About that same time, I heard Gwen softly say "shit."

Amanda took her hand off of my dick and stood up. "It was a great time. Thanks." She said to Melissa and Seth and Barn and Michael. "We need to go. See you guys tomorrow."

I followed Amanda out of the tub and Gwen followed me. We toweled off. The girls had left their pareos in Seth's condo, but Amanda had brought he small purse so we had our room key.

When we got into our room, Amanda looked at Gwen. "You're horny and lonely again, right?" Gwen nodded. Amanda stepped over and kissed my sister on her lips. Amanda softly said, "We'll fix that, at least a little. Sit down on the bed. Spread your legs."

Gwen did as she was told. Amanda looked at me. "Harry, I need you to finger fuck your sister." Gwen started to protest. Amanda cut her off. "You know as well as I do that the taboo against incest is intended to protect the gene pool. As long as he doesn't come inside of you, there is no real incest concern here."

Gwen responded, "By that reasoning, it'd be ok if Harry fucks me if he's wearing a rubber."

Amanda responded, "Gwen, you've got two choices. Either Harry fingers you or you get yourself off while we watch. Which one sounds like more fun to you?"

Gwen paused. She took a deep breath. "Harry sounds more fun."

I sat down on the bed in front of Gwen. I looked in her eyes as I began fingering her clit. I thought I saw a whole mix of emotions. For my part, I was trying to think of Gwen as a really beautiful woman instead of thinking of her as my sister. That only worked in part. Amanda's force of personality had gotten us to do something that I had thought about for a long time. I suspect that Gwen had too. But, we'd never have done this on our own.

Gwen's expression turned more blissful, and she closed her eyes, as I slid first one and then two fingers inside of her. I worked my fingers around Gwen's pussy until I found a place where she seemed to react most strongly. I started working that spot hard with both fingers.

Obviously, I had never actually seen my sister orgasm before. The look on her face the instant before she started coming was extraordinarily beautiful. I kept working as she came until Gwen finally screamed "ENOUGH!"

Gwen had fallen back on the bed. She lay there panting. Amanda came up to me. She kissed me very tenderly. "Good job Harry. Now it's my turn." Amanda gently pushed on my chest and I lay back on the bed at Gwen's feet. I had gotten a huge hard-on fingering my sister. Amanda climbed onto the bed, straddled me, and sank down as my dick slid into her cunt. Being inside of Amanda is almost the greatest feeling in the world, second only to coming inside of her. Amanda rode me energetically so the world's greatest feeling didn't take long. I was glad that Amanda came too. I knew her well enough that I could tell a real O from when she was trying to protect my ego.

Amanda collapsed onto me. Gwen had sat up to watch at some point while Amanda was riding me. I heard Gwen say, "This sounds terribly perverted, but I really enjoy watching you two fuck."

As we had the night before, we showered together. Then I went to sleep, nude and sandwiched between my nude girlfriend and my nude sister.

Saturday was our last day at the resort. Amanda was up early as always. We had seen a few people jogging the trail around the resort and Amanda wanted to try that. We left Gwen sleeping and went outside wearing our running shoes and nothing else.

Since we were in Florida, the trail was almost perfectly flat. It basically followed the perimeter of the resort, going past a lake and through a couple of stands of trees. A lap was, I'm guessing, twenty minutes. We did four laps, working in a few sprint phases as was our habit.

It was hot and we were sweaty as we walked by the pool after our run. It was still reasonably early, but there were already people out at the pool. Amanda grabbed my hand and nodded towards the outdoor shower beside the pool. I nodded affirmatively and stepped away to grab a couple of towels. Then Amanda and I unabashedly washed each other beside the pool.

Gwen was standing on the walkway overlooking the pool outside our room as Amanda and I walked up. "Nice show you two," she said. "The parents are having breakfast in the restaurant. Want to join them?"

I don't usually eat breakfast, but it sounded good that morning. Amanda, Gwen, and I walked nude over to the restaurant. Our parents were sitting nude at a large table. We joined them.

As we sat down, my mother asked conversationally, "We didn't see you three last night. Did you have a good time?"

"It was great," Gwen answered, giving me a look. "Did you guys have a good time?"

Looks were exchanged between all four of the parents. Finally, Amanda's mother said, "It was very nice. Thank you."

In her sweetest voice, Amanda said "I'm glad that you enjoy your time with each other." Everyone smiled. We knew, and the parents knew that we knew, that they did a foursome any night they were together.

A young and quite pretty waitress in shorts and a halter top came over. Dad ordered "four more Bloody Marys."

Mr. Turner added, "And three mimosas." As the waitress stepped away, Mr. Turner said to us, "I've tipped her enough and told her that she has a nice ass. I'm sure that she won't mind if you drink the mimosas."

I looked after the departing waitress. She did have a pretty nicely shaped ass. I felt a hand clasp my dick under the table. I looked at Amanda and said, "Yours is much better dear." Amanda smiled and gently stroked the underside of my dickhead with her finger twice.

We had a very pleasant breakfast, went back to the rooms, and then all went out to the pool. About noon, Melissa came by carrying Amanda's and Gwen's pareos. She said, "You left these in Seth's condo last night" and handed them to Amanda and Gwen. You might think that would have produced a reaction from one of the four parents, but it didn't.

A little later, Amanda stood up. She grabbed my hand and pulled me up. "I want to do something," she said. "Let's see if we can play tennis."

"You didn't bring a racquet," Amanda's mother said.

"I'll bet they've got a couple they will rent or loan," Amanda replied. As it turned out, we bought a can of balls and got to use a couple of racquets for free.

There were four tennis courts in complete sun with a fence around them. I ordinarily try to avoid playing tennis against Amanda because she is so much better than I am. But, she wanted to play and we hadn't played nude before. There was another couple playing on the court at one end so we went to the other.

The tennis courts were beside a busy walkway. After we changed courts to give Amanda the court closer to the walkway, people started standing outside the fence to watch us. I'm sure that the fact that Amanda's stance to receive serve is a low squat with her legs far apart had nothing to do with that. I could tell from Amanda's face that she knew that she was being watched and enjoyed it. I have to admit that I got a kick out of seeing men and women watching my nude girlfriend.

By the time Amanda had thoroughly trounced me, Melissa and Seth were among the group outside watching. As we came off of the court, Melissa said to Amanda, "You're a very good tennis player."

Seth added, "And you look very beautiful playing."

Amanda laughed. "You only say that because I'm naked."

We walked with Melissa and Seth back to the pool area. We were sweaty again. Amanda nodded towards the outside shower again. I nodded yes again and grabbed a couple of towels. We had just started to shower in full view of everyone at the pool when Melissa asked, "May we join you?"

Amanda said, "Of course." Melissa, Seth, Amanda, and I showered together on the pool patio.

As we toweled off, Melissa said, "Don't forget about the night club tonight. It's ok to go nude, but, if you've got something sexy, wear it. We'll probably be there about 9:00."

The seven us of had dinner together nude in the resort restaurant that night. Amanda whispered a joke in my ear, "I like Tony's better. There I got something for showing my pussy."

After dinner, Amanda, Gwen, and I went back to our room. Amanda and Gwen spent more time than I thought it was worth bemoaning the fact that they hadn't brought anything sexy to wear to the nightclub. They each threw out several ideas for improvisation which the other rejected. Finally, Gwen admitted defeat. "I guess we'll just go nude." That was what I had planned to do all along.

We showed up at the nightclub about 9:00 p.m. Since Amanda and I were 18 and Gwen was 19, we had to put on wristbands to indicate that we weren't 21 and couldn't legally drink. We had just gotten inside when Melissa and Seth came in behind us. Seth was nude like we were. However, it took me a second to recognize Melissa. For one thing, she was wearing make-up, which I hadn't seen on her before. She also had her hair piled in some sort of arrangement on top of her head. She wore long white boots that stopped just above her knees and long white gloves that went above her elbows. The only other thing she wore was a string of white pearls (fake no doubt) tied around her waist. She had also shaved off her neatly trimmed pubic hair.

The total effect of Melissa fixed up was powerful. Amanda said out loud what I was thinking. "Melissa you look fantastic. Every man here will have a hard-on from looking at you."

Melissa smiled. "Thank you. I tried, but I still doubt that any man will look at me as long as you and Gwen are in the room."

Amanda retorted, "Harry's looking at you." I was, too.

I quickly added, "Melissa, you look very beautiful."

"Thank you, Harry," Melissa said. "How do you like the shave?"

Amanda asked, "You were so nicely trimmed down there. Why did you shave it bare?"

Melissa replied, "It makes me feel more exposed, which feels good. Hopefully, it makes my cunt lips more visible and attracts some attention."

Seth laughed, "It got mine."

Melissa smiled. "Well, it better have."

As we walked further in, I saw that a cute young woman was working behind the bar. Melissa said, "Oh good. Tracy's working tonight. Sometimes I can get her to serve me."

Melissa walked over to the bar to talk to the cute barmaid. I saw the barmaid shake her head. Melissa returned a bit crestfallen. "Nothing doing tonight. Management thinks there may be a liquor control agent sniffing around. That's ok, we can go in and out and there's plenty of booze at the condo."

Just then, a song ended and I saw my parents and the Turners walking off of the dance floor towards a table. Dad was nude, but Mom was wearing an outfit I'd never seen before. It was a very sheer translucent cat suit, except the legs were only attached to the rest; it looked like, by strips of material running up Mom's hips. However, it held together, Mom's ass and pussy were bare.

Amanda had seen our parents too. She leaned into me and said, "Your mother looks pretty good tonight."

I smiled and said, "I need to ask her where she got that outfit so that I can buy you one." Amanda smiled.

We walked over to our parents. Mr. Turner was also nude. Mrs. Turner wore a, basically transparent, teddy that stopped at about the middle of her ass. Sitting, as she was now, it rode high enough that she was nude from the waist down. She looked pretty good too.

Another song had started as we walked up to the table. Gwen had to shout at our parents, "Why didn't you tell me to bring something sexy for this?"

Dad responded, "You look sexy as hell any time dear." I gathered that Dad had already had a drink or two.

More tastefully, Mom said, "Gwen, you look very beautiful as you are." That was true too.

Amanda tapped my arm. I turned and followed her gaze to where Seth and Melissa were dancing. Melissa was getting looks, from both men and women. She deserved all of them.

Amanda grabbed my hand, shouting "dance!" She led me onto the floor. I am neither comfortable nor confident dancing and Amanda knows that. Still, we were on vacation and she wanted to dance. My confidence grew a little when I realized that many people on the floor were doing little beyond trying to sway in time with the music. There were a number of women in very sexy outfits, some old and fat but many were still young, slender, and attractive. No one, though, was close to Amanda and Gwen, or Melissa, or Mom for that matter.

The next song was a slow song. Amanda pulled me very close. We danced as much as the crowded floor permitted and kissed, a lot. I had another new sensation. For most of the song, I could feel my bare ass rubbing against the bare ass of the person behind me.

When the song ended, I turned to see who I'd been rubbing asses with. It was a reasonably attractive nude woman of about 40. She had turned to me and was smiling. I started to mumble an apology. The older, grey-haired man she'd been dancing with cut me off. "Don't worry," he said, "she loves younger men." The woman reached out and grabbed her partner's dick. "I love you," she said. They kissed.

As I turned back around, I heard another slow song starting and saw that Amanda had brought Gwen onto the floor. Amanda gently pushed Gwen in front of me and said, "She needs a dance." Gwen and I put our arms around each other, keeping our hands well up on each other's backs, and kept an inch or so of space between us.

Amanda said "bullshit!" She put a hand on each of our backs and pushed us together. Then she took my hand and put it on Gwen's bare ass and put Gwen's hand on mine. Everyone around us had started dancing, so we did too.

After a moment, Gwen said, "Let's move a little towards the center." We squeezed and slid between people until we were not plainly visible from the tables. Gwen said, "I'd just prefer that Mom and Dad not see us." I nodded understand as Gwen tightened her grip on me.

Gwen and I are about the same height. That meant that my dick was rubbing on her pubic hair as we danced. Gwen leaned her chin on my shoulder. I could feel her erect nipples rubbing against my chest. "You feel good Harry," Gwen said.

"So do you," I replied.

"Harry," Gwen said, "uh, thanks, for everything. This would have been a bit of a bummer if you hadn't done what you've done for me." Gwen kissed me on the lips. We slipped each other a little tongue.

We came off the dance floor holding hands when the number ended. We walked towards the table where our parents and the Turners had their drinks. Mom and Dad were coming off of the dance floor too. Mom looked at Gwen's and my hands together. She looked at me and raised an eyebrow. Then she smiled.

I was looking around and couldn't find Amanda anywhere. It was four songs later when I saw Amanda walk back in the room with Melissa. I figured that they had gone to the condo for a drink. I was a little miffed that she hadn't asked me to join them.

Mom, Dad, and the Turners left the nightclub together a little before midnight. I could infer what they were up to from the fact that Dad has his arm around Mrs. Turner and Bill Turner had a hand firmly on my Mother's naked ass.

Melissa, Seth, Gwen, Amanda, and I stayed. As it got later, and I assume people had more to drink, the erotic atmosphere that had been there the whole time became move overt. All over the night club, there was a lot more touching. Most hands to genitals, but some dick to pussy. In one corner, I saw three guys touching each other.

Melissa said to us, "I'm trying Tracy at the bar again. She probably knows almost everyone here now. If she's confident that the liquor control guy is gone, she'll have her clothes off and she'll serve us.

We all walked over to the bar. The cute barmaid was still there, but she was completely naked now. She leaned across the bar to Melissa and said, "I feel much better now. Get those wristbands off!" Once we discarded the wristbands, Tracy mixed drinks for all five of us. "I'm sorry about before," she said as she set our drinks on the bar. "These are on the house." Amanda pulled some of my money out of her purse and we tipped Tracy, heavily.

The DJ was taking a break as we walked to a table with our drinks. Melissa said, "What I didn't tell you earlier is that Tracy is the older sister of a friend of mine from high school. I've known her forever. It was really funny the first time we met here."

We finished our drinks rather quickly out of fear that someone would catch us. At the next table, a cute nude redhead whom I noticed earlier was kissing the guy she was with. He had a finger working inside her pussy.

Melissa watched the couple with me for a moment. She then said, "That's it. I need to take Seth back to the condo and fuck. I'd recommend that you and Amanda do the same, or you, Amanda, and Gwen if you're broadminded."

Melissa said good night to Amanda and Gwen. Then she grabbed Seth's dick and led him out of the night club.

We decided to leave too. We waved goodbye and thanks to Tracy as we walked out. Gwen shocked me a little when she said, "I'd love to play with Tracy's tits."

We got back to our room. Amanda said, "Melissa gave me some wine." She uncorked a bottle of red and we drank it rather quickly.

Finishing her wine, Gwen said, "Jesus. That night club got me horny!"

Amanda said, "I knew that it would. I also thought about something you said last night." Amanda reached into her purse and pulled out a foil packet that was unmistakably a rubber. "I got this for Harry to wear so that you can have a proper end to your trip."

Gwen was silent for a moment. She then looked at me. "Would you Harry?"

I wasn't sure what the correct answer was to that question. The open sexiness of the night club, and the booze, had an effect on my thinking. The idea of fucking my sister seemed pretty sexy at that moment. "I'd love to" was what I said.

Amanda took charge again. "Gwen, lie down on the bed." Amanda fingered Gwen's pussy and said, "You're ready." Amanda looked at me. The whole thing had gotten me hard. "You're ready too." Amanda opened the foil packet and rolled the rubber over my dick. She slapped my ass and said, "Go big boy, make your sister happy."

I walked over to the bed. Gwen looked great lying on her back with her legs spread. There was a look on her face that I didn't understand. But, she said softly, "Please Harry."

I got on the bed and got into position. Gwen was very tight as I slid my dick into her. I felt a very slight resistance for an instant, but didn't realize what that was until later. As I pushed deeper into Gwen, I moved up along her body so that we were face-to-face. Gwen was smiling now. I leaned down and kissed her.

I was surprised how quickly Gwen began to moan. She started bucking her hips. Before long, she was taking short quick, deep gulps of breath. Then she let out a very loud and sustained moan. I kept thrusting for what I was worth. Gwen felt great, but a part of me had become emotionally detached. I was nowhere near ready to come.

Gwen gave a second, louder long moan. She put her arms around me and pulled my chest down onto hers. She kissed me for a long time.

I then felt Amanda tap my shoulder. I pulled out of Gwen and got off of the bed. Amanda kissed me. "Thank you Harry, and thank you for not coming." Amanda reached for my dick and pulled the rubber off. "Let's get that thing off of you and you into me," she said.

This time Amanda lay on her back on the bed. I mounted her and we started fucking each other very slowly, lovingly. I guess that I'm biased, but it felt much nicer being in Amanda than it had in Gwen.

Given everything that had happened that night, I surprised myself by being able to hold back until I could tell Amanda was ready. Seeing the look in her eyes that Amanda gets when she is about to orgasm pushed me over the edge. I shot so hard inside of her it hurt. Amanda started to come. She had her legs wrapped around me and she clenched me very strongly into her. Amanda's Os aren't usually that loud. This one was, and it went on for a time.

We were done, but I was still in Amanda and on top of her. We were kissing and enjoying the moment together. Gwen said, "Gee, Harry. I'm not sure which I like better: getting fucked by you or watching you fuck her."

We had to leave for the airport fairly early the next morning. Amanda and I thought that it was too early to knock on Seth's door. So, we left Melissa and Seth a note thanking them for everything and giving them Amanda's and my e-mail addresses.

For some reason, Amanda, Gwen, and I were together in a row of three on the flight back while Mom and Dad were across the aisle five rows up and the Turners were four rows behind us. Amanda and Gwen put me in the middle seat. I flew home with an arm around each girl on one of each girl's hands in my lap.

It was still relatively early when we got home. Two-a-day football practices started the next day, so I intended to go to bed early. About an hour after we got home, my cell phone rang. It was Amanda.

"Harry, I want to thank you for everything this weekend, including what you did for Gwen. You know she's my dearest friend." Amanda paused, as if distracted by something. After a few moments of silence, she giggled. "Harry, have you checked your e-mail?"

I hadn't and said so. "Do it," Amanda instructed.

I had just gotten my tablet up and running when Gwen walked in my room. "Has Amanda told you?" I shook my head no.

Gwen took my tablet from me. "You keep talking Amanda. I'll show you."

Very quickly Gwen put my tablet back in my lap. She had the curser on an email from an address I didn't recognize - nudemel672.

I read the e-mail address to Amanda. "Is that what you want me to see?"

Amanda giggled. "Yeah. Open the pictures first then read the message."

There were three attached jpeg files. The first was a picture of Melissa and Seth standing side-by-side, nude facing the camera. They each had one arm around the other. Their outside hands were raised in a wave. The second picture was of Melissa and Seth nude with several clothed people around them. The third was of Seth on top of Melissa fucking.

The message read, "Thanks for helping us have a great weekend. The second picture is from one of our dinners we told you about. The third is what we did when we realized that you'd left (Barb took the picture). We hope to share both of these experiences with you some day. Melissa & Seth."

New Family Rules Ch. 04
byHStoner©

This story is the fourth in a series. I recommend reading the prior stories in order because this story is a continuation of those. Any similarities to any real person are entirely coincidental. Whether you like the story or loathe it, comments are welcome and yes, I know, I'm a poor proofreader. Although it may not seem clear from context, all characters are at least 18.

*****

Football practice started very soon after we got back from Florida. That took up most of my time. I did, and still do, love football. However, the person who came up with the idea of two-a-days in August was a sadist. When I wasn't at practice, I was resting for the next practice.

Amanda had started cheerleading practice. Regrettably, we were not seeing each other as much as I wanted simply because of the demands on our time. One Saturday, after we had finished a "controlled scrimmage" against another school, I got a text from Amanda asking me to come to her house as soon as I could.

When I arrived at the Turners' house that Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Turner met me at the door.

"Harry, we picked up Amanda's cheerleader uniform yesterday. She wants you to see her in it. She'll be along in just a second."

As Mrs. Turner finished, Amanda walked into the room. Amanda looked incredibly sexy. I'm lousy at describing clothes, but the uniform was not the traditional sweater and skirt. Instead, it was a one piece dress; I guess you'd call it. The dress was very snug, which showed Amanda's fantastic figure to full advantage. The front had a deep vee which displayed a tantalizing amount of cleavage. The hem was just below her ass. Amanda looked great in it and I told her so.

"You have yet to get the full effect," Amanda told me with a smile. She did one of those traditional cheerleader jumps where the girl jumps in the air and extends both legs forward. Amanda was not wearing anything under the uniform so the jump exposed her bare legs and pussy.

"That is very beautiful," I said, "but, I doubt that the school is going to stand for you not having anything on underneath."

"Let's look," Mrs. Turner said. "I have the uniform policy here." She looked at the sheet for a moment. Then said "rats." She read from the policy sheet, "genitals must be fully covered with no visible "camel toe.'"

"I can wear a thong and at least be bare-assed," Amanda said.

"Yes, and I'd love it," I replied. "But, I suspect that would simply provoke an amendment of the policy."

"Shit, you're probably right," Amanda acknowledged.

"Let me tinker a bit to see if I can make it any more revealing without getting you into trouble," Mrs. Turner said.

Amanda turned to me so that I could unzip the uniform for her. Once unzipped, she pushed the uniform off of her shoulders and let it drop at her bare feet. Nude, Amanda picked the uniform off of the floor and handed it to her mother.

Turning to me, Amanda asked "Why are you still dressed?"

I didn't have a good answer for that question so I kicked off my shoes, pulled me tee shirt off, undid my belt, and dropped my jeans. I picked my clothes off of the floor and handed them to Mrs. Turner as well. Amanda and I went out and sat by the Turners' pool.

My senior football season was very important to me, but is probably not that interesting for you. I was a two-year starter at inside linebacker. We went undefeated but, because of the complex computer ranking system used by our state high school athletic association, we missed making the state playoffs by two-tenths of a point. Our last game, and the end of my football career, was against a weak opponent at our field. We were up 35-7 at the half so coach began pulling the starters early in the second half to get guys whom he hoped would be starters next year some more game experience.

At our field, the cheerleaders did their routines right behind the team bench. Despite the proximity, Amanda usually left me alone during the games. She knew that I felt that I needed to have my undistracted attention on the game. However, when I came out of that last game, it was obvious that I wasn't going back in. Our second-team offense scored again. As our second team defense went onto the field, I heard Amanda calling "Harry."

I turned to face the cheerleaders and the stands on the hillside beyond them. Amanda was smiling at me. She turned her back to me and bent over. Of course, the hem of the cheerleader uniform ran way up past her ass revealing two bare cheeks. Amanda held that position (which looked very nice) for a few moments before straightening up and turning back around to face me. She lifted up the front of her uniform. Between her thighs was a small triangle of fabric in our school's shade of red. Damn, she'd worn a thong after all.

Amanda's thong did get noticed by more people than just me. Amanda was called to meet with the principal, the AD, and the cheerleader advisor. Not much happened though. That had been Amanda's last game as a cheerleader so they couldn't suspend her from cheering. She also got some latitude from the facts that she was one of the two top students in school and that her Dad had given the school district a fair amount of money over the years.

I moved on to wrestling and Amanda moved on to swimming. It would be a few weeks before I would wrestle a match. I needed to get into "wrestling shape" and drop some football weight. The girls swim team's meets before the Holidays were all away and conflicted with wrestling practice. That meant I wouldn't get to watch Amanda swim until after the New Year.

The Holidays that year were interesting. Gwen was home from college. Mom, Dad, Gwen, and I spent Christmas Eve with the Turners. Unfortunately, it was a clothed celebration. Amanda's maternal grand-parents were visiting for the Holidays and didn't know that their daughter had a nude family. The Turners would spend Christmas Day at Amanda's uncle's house, about 75 miles away.

I gave Amanda her gift on Christmas Eve. With Gwen's long-distance help, I had spent a lot more than I really had to get Amanda a diamond ring. Not an engagement ring, but a very nice ring. Amanda was suitably impressed.

I had studiously avoided talking about college with Amanda. I had really fallen in love with her. I knew that there was no chance that the relationship would survive once we were going to different colleges hundreds, if not thousands, of miles apart. Better not to think about that and just enjoy the time that I did have with her. For that reason, I was somewhat upset and depressed when Amanda asked me point blank at dinner where I was applying.

I hesitantly named the flagship school in our state system where I was sure that I could get in. I also mentioned the flagship state university in the next state west of us and a smaller, "state-affiliated" school not far from home that was well regarded. When I stopped, Amanda had an unhappy look on her face.

"You're forgetting one dear," my mother chimed in.

That was true. I really wanted to go to a small but pretty prestigious school just north of Chicago. I didn't think that I had much of a chance of getting in. To Amanda I said, "Oh, yeah, I applied at ______ but I doubt that I'll get accepted."

Amanda's face brightened. "That's where I'm going," she said. "I did early decision and I'm in. We'll go to college together!"

"Uh . . . I wouldn't take that for granted," I replied.

Amanda blew off my concern. "You'll get in" she said assuredly. What I didn't know at that time was that Bill Turner, Amanda's dad, was alum of and a significant donor to that university.

Mom, Dad, Gwen, and I spent a low-key Christmas Day together. We were all nude the entire day. That did improve the holiday.

New Year's Eve was a different matter. Mom, Dad, and Amanda's parents were going to what they admitted was a swinger's party. We didn't expect to see them again until sometime New Year's Day. There were a couple of big parties being given by others at school. Being a college student now, Gwen felt that she was a bit above a high school New Year's Eve party.

Amanda wasn't too excited about our classmates' parties either. As she said to me, "Great. We'll see a bunch of kids get trashed and puke. Some guys and girls will try to get laid. A few actually will get laid and in a week or so someone will probably claim rape. Why do I want to participate in that?"

The upshot was that Amanda, Gwen, and I would spend New Year's Eve quietly at Amanda's house. I was a bit surprised when Amanda invited her other best friend Meryl Cohen. I was more surprised when Meryl came.

I had gotten to know Meryl a little from dating Amanda. She and Amanda were good friends. They both swam and had played doubles tennis together since freshman year. I also knew that Meryl's dad had died of cancer while we were in eighth grade. Her mom had taken over her dad's business and had been very successful with it. From what I could tell, Meryl had a great body. Her face wasn't classically beautiful, but it showed personality and intelligence. Meryl and Amanda were having a friendly competition to see which one of them would be valedictorian at graduation. Meryl was usually much quieter than Amanda. However, Meryl could say more in a few words than most of us could in several paragraphs. She could be very witty and funny when she chose to.

Amanda's parent had kindly left us a few bottles of wine and a bottle of champagne to open at the New Year. The four of us sat around the Turner's kitchen drinking moderately, talking, and laughing. This was by far the longest I had talked with Meryl and she was moving up rapidly in my estimation.

Amanda decided to tell Meryl about the trip our two families took to the nude resort in Florida. Gwen and I were more than a little afraid that Amanda would tell Meryl everything about that trip, but Amanda didn't, thankfully. Meryl was initially a bit put off and dismissive. However, when Amanda wants to talk about a subject, she stays with it. As Amanda kept talking about everything we did in the nude, Meryl's attitude seemed to change some. She began asking genuine questions.

When Amanda described our tennis match, something Meryl could relate to, Meryl asked, "How did it feel to be on that court naked with those people beyond the fence watching you?"

Amanda smiled at the memory. "I made sure that they saw all of me. Meryl, I'm telling you, it felt wonderful. There were a few girls looking at Harry and that was cool too. But, the feeling knowing that people could see my bare tits, my ass, my pussy; it was incredibly sexy."

Meryl sat quietly, thinking about what Amanda had just said or so it seemed.

About 10:30 that night, Amanda said, "Let's take a sauna." The Turners had a nice sauna on the lower level of their house. Just outside were the back patio and their hot tub. It had snowed significant the day before, but earlier on New Year's Eve I had shoveled a path out to the hot tub.

We followed Amanda downstairs to the sauna. Without even thinking, Amanda, Gwen, and I began getting undressed.

Meryl stopped us. "Excuse me. You're going to sauna naked?"

"Of course,' Amanda responded. "How else would you use the sauna?"

"You guys may be nudists, but I'm not there, at least not yet," Meryl replied.

"It's just us," Amanda said. "Besides, you have a beautiful body." Amanda giggled. "You have to start sometime."

"I'm not sure that tonight is the night," Meryl replied. It was pretty clear that Meryl was going to stick to her position. The thought that Meryl might undress was tantalizing, though.

"Ok,' Amanda sighed. "Let me see if I can find you a swimsuit. Are you ok if Harry, Gwen, and I go naked?"

"That's up to you guys," Meryl replied.

Topless, Amanda ran upstairs and came back in a few minutes with a one-piece swimsuit. "This is one of mine, but it should fit you," Amanda said as she handed the suit to Meryl.

Meryl went into a bathroom to change while Amanda, Gwen, and I finished stripping off. The three of us were standing nude outside the sauna when Meryl came back. Meryl was a bit bigger than Amanda. The suit fit her, but it was very tight, almost like it was painted on. I had been right in thinking that Meryl had a great body.

Meryl looked at the three of us in silence for a moment. I noticed that her eyes ran me up and down. Finally, Meryl smiled and said, "The way this fits, I'm not sure it's much different than if I'd gone nude."

"You look great," Gwen replied quickly.

You'd look better with nothing on, "Amanda added.

After some time in the sauna, the four of us moved to the shower. Amanda and I washed each other very carefully. Meryl, still in her swimsuit, watched us closely. After toweling off, Amanda sent me out in the cold to start the hot tub. As I came back inside the house, I noticed again that Meryl was looking intently at my dick. I enjoyed that.

Amanda ran upstairs to get a bottle of wine and some glasses. The four of us, three of us nude, ran outside. Amanda set the wine and glasses down on a table near the tub and hopped in. "Harry, please pour us some wine," she giggled. I poured three glasses and walked around the tub handing them to Amanda, Gwen, and Meryl. I could feel Meryl's eyes following my bare ass. Finished, I poured myself a glass and got into the tub between Amanda and Gwen.

The extra alcohol was making Amanda more amorous. She was playing with me under the water. About 11:45, Gwen said, "Someone needs to go up and get the champagne." After a few moments of no one moving, Gwen sighed, "Ok. I'll get it myself." I watched Gwen's marvelous bare ass walk into the Turner's house. At the same time, Amanda was stroking me pretty good.

I understood Amanda's plan just before mid-night when she yelled, "Everyone out of the tub for our New Year's toast." I paused for a second. Then I thought "the hell with it" and climbed out of the tub with the massive hard-on Amanda had given me. All three girls were staring at me, Amanda with a sly grin. Finally, Meryl said, "Uh, that's pretty nice Harry." My sister said, "Yup, that's my so-called little brother." Meryl started laughing.

I opened and poured the champagne. The four of us toasted the New Year. After she finished her champagne, Amanda came over to me and hugged me, placing both hands squarely on my ass. We kissed for several minutes.

Just after Amanda reached a hand around front and started fondling me, Meryl said, "Guys, it's after twelve. I need to get home."

Amanda pulled her head away from me and told Meryl, "Just put your clothes on over the suit. You can give it back to me later. Thanks for coming. We'll get you out of your clothes some day."

Meryl politely said, "Thanks for inviting me." Meryl gave me a look and added, "Maybe you will, some day." She walked inside the house and we heard her car start a few moments later.

I said to Amanda, "I hope that we didn't piss off Meryl."

Amanda smiled. "Meryl's not pissed off. She's intrigued. She'll go home and jill-off thinking about us nude and what it would have felt like if she had joined us. She'll keep thinking about it tomorrow and the days after."

"Why is it so important to you to get Meryl to go nude?" I asked.

"She's one of my two best friends. I want her to experience how wonderful it is." Amanda gave another of her sly looks. "And, I think that there are possibilities."

I left it at that. Gwen, Amanda, and I gathered the glasses and bottles and turned off the tub. We put the glass in the kitchen and went upstairs to Amanda's bedroom. I welcomed the New Year again with Amanda riding my dick while Gwen sat on my face.

Amanda and I spent a lot more time with Meryl after the New Year. In the new semester, the three of us had five out of seven class periods together. Most nights, Amanda and I would get together to study after wrestling practice and swim practice. Amanda started bringing Meryl along. Usually, Amanda and I studied nude while Meryl stayed fully clothed.

The first home girls' swim meet was Friday of the first week back in school. As a senior athlete, I had some privileges and was on the pool deck instead of in the stands. When our team came out of their locker room for the meet, Amanda made a beeline for me. She took off her warm-ups and asked, "What do you think?"

Most of the girls wore the new style suits which covered them from shoulder to knee. Amanda, however, had chosen an old style suit that was cut very high on her hips. Frankly, the suit looked like it had been sprayed on. Every bit of Amanda's body was clearly outlined. She looked incredibly sexy. "I took all the lining out," she confessed.

Meryl walked up, still in her warm ups. Amanda instructed her, "Get those off and let Harry see your racing suit." Somewhat hesitantly, Meryl took her warm-ups off. "Amanda talked me into this,' Meryl said apologetically.

Meryl's suit was identical to Amanda's, to the point that Meryl's suit looked sprayed on too. She looked great, and I said so. That earned me approving smiles from both girls. Amanda instructed me, "Be sure to get behind the blocks when we start. The view should be good from back there." I followed Amanda's instructions. When either girl bent forward to start her race, the view was very nice indeed.

My first wrestling match was the following week. The day before, in typical Amanda fashion, she simply walked into our locker room, explaining "I need to make sure that you have the right singlet." The one she picked for me was a size too small. I struggled into it and got it on. Looking in a mirror, I saw that I was outlined in detail in the singlet. "That's what I want you to wear," Amanda said. Well, why not?

Not many people came to an ordinary dual match. However, about a year before, we had adopted wrestling cheerleaders. They definitely noticed that my dick and balls were outlined in detail in the singlet Amanda had chosen. Amanda and Meryl came to the match also. When I walked over to them after winning my match, Meryl, looking directly at my dick, said "I like the look Harry" and giggled.

I responded, "Well, you see it unwrapped every time we study." Some students sitting around Amanda and Meryl heard me and turned to look at us. Meryl blushed, but Amanda simply said, "You look better naked Harry."

We carried on wrestling, swimming, and going to school. By some quirk of fate, I qualified for the district wrestling tournament, the first step to the state championship. However, I was the last wrestler to qualify in my weight class. That made me the lowest seed in the tournament and meant that my first match was against the top-ranked wrestler. The district meet was at another school about twenty-five miles away. Six of us had qualified for districts, so we went to the meet as a team. Amanda and Meryl followed in Amanda's car. I was grateful for all the support I could get. I'd need it.

I wrestled the best match of my life in my opening match, although I was on the defensive from the first whistle. I was nowhere near as good as the guy I was wrestling, but lost by a reasonably respectable 7-3. That meant that I wrestled again later in the loser's bracket. The match had taken a lot out of me. As I sat in my warm-ups between Amanda and Meryl, I was really worried about that next match. I repeatedly told myself that the wrestlers in the loser's bracket would be about the same skill level as me.

That, however, was not how it worked out. The second-ranked wrestler in our weight class lost his first match in a huge upset. That made him the highest seed in the loser's bracket. As I was the lowest seed, he was my next opponent. All I can say about that match is that I didn't get pinned. I do think that my opponent set a state record for riding time earned in a single match. When the match and my wrestling career were done, I felt completely beat up.

Amanda could see how I felt physically and emotionally. She came down to me as I sat on the gym floor after that last match. Very softly, she said "Get cleaned up. We'll take you home."

I went into the locker room, showered, and changed into street clothes. Everyone on our team was done wrestling for the day (although two of our guys won and wrestled again the next day) so coach didn't object when I asked if I could ride home with my girlfriend. He was pretty cool about stuff like that.

Amanda took Meryl and me to her house. As we walked in, we walked by Amanda's parents who were watching TV nude in their living room. Bill Turner knew that I'd been wrestling in districts that day. He looked up at me and raised his eyebrows to ask how I'd done. I made a thumbs down gesture. Mr. Turner shook his head and looked away.

Amanda led us downstairs. "You, Mister, need a massage." Just outside their sauna, the Turners had a nice massage table. Mr. and Mrs. Turner had been having a masseur and a masseuse come in once a week for years. Amanda had gotten them to teach her a lot of massage technique. She was really pretty good. "Get your clothes off and get on the table face down," Amanda directed.

I was so used to being nude around Amanda and Meryl that I didn't even think about it as I stripped nude. I lay face down on the table. Amanda told me, "Don't look up." That was odd, but, ok. I heard zippers and clothes. I assumed Amanda was undressing. I also heard both girls giggling.

Amanda started by massaging my head and neck. When she reached my left shoulder, I felt a second pair of hands start massaging my right. That was a huge surprise. I started to lift my head up but Amanda gently pushed me back into the headrest. Ok, I'll go with it. The girls did a great job on my back, down to my waist. Then they moved to my feet and worked up. When they got to my thighs, it seemed like all four hands were brushing my balls.

Two hands started working on each side of my ass. The girls pulled my cheeks apart and fingers softly brushed my asshole. I was getting hard when the hands disappeared and Amanda said, "Roll over but keep your eyes closed." Once I rolled over, she reinforced the point by putting a small towel over my eyes. My eyes were the only part of me that was covered.

One girl massaged each of my arms and then they worked together on my chest. This time, they kept working down, getting close to, but not touching, my groin. After kneading my thighs, four hands started long strokes up and down my thighs. Each stroke moved closer to my dick and balls. Finally, someone grasped my balls and gently lifted them up. Three hands massaged the tops of the insides of my thighs.

The hand that held my balls slid up and started softly stroking my dick. I got even harder. I heard someone move. I assumed that it was Meryl stepping away. Amanda asked, "Does he deserve a happy ending?"

Meryl giggled and answered, "I think so."

The towel was whisked off my face. I opened my eyes to see Amanda standing nude beside my head. I could see both of her arms, but there was still a hand holding my dick. I looked down and was shocked to see Meryl, naked, with her hand around my dick.

Meryl smiled at me and leaned forward. First, she just kissed the head of my dick. Then she ran her lips part way down my head then slid them back off. Each time she slid her lips down me, she went farther along my head and then my shaft. When she had a surprising amount of my dick in her mouth, she began running her tongue up and down the underside of my shaft and head. Occasionally, she would change her pattern and lick around the diameter of my dick. She was doing a hell of a job. I shouted to warn her that I was about to come, but she kept me in her mouth. I came very hard. Meryl took it all and swallowed.

When Meryl was done blowing me, I looked at Amanda. Her eyes were twinkling and she was smiling broadly. What the fuck was going on here? My girlfriend's best friend and just given me a great blowjob right in front of my girlfriend. Huh?

After a few moments, as my heart rate slowed, Amanda said, "Harry, we came close to having one of those high school drama moments. About a week ago, my best friend here at school admitted to me that she had the hots for my boyfriend. This could have gotten unpleasant, but I realized that I was partially to blame for having you nude around her so often. I thought, why ruin our last few months here? She's going to college in New Haven while you and I are going to Chicago, so it isn't long term anyway. I talked it over with Meryl and we decided to share you. You now officially have the two best-looking girls in school as your girlfriends. As you can see, sex is part of the deal."

While Amanda had been talking, Meryl had moved up the table and was standing on the opposite side of my upper head from Amanda. When Amanda finished, both girls leaned down and kissed me.

After the kiss, I got up from the table. "Meryl, I have to return the favor. Please get on the table on your back." Meryl did. "Please spread your legs." She complied and I looked up her beautiful nude body with my target on display and available. I climbed onto the table between Meryl's legs. As I bent down to her clit, I looked at Meryl's face. She was already breathing hard, but she was smiling. We looked into each other's eyes for a moment. Then I put my head between her thighs.

I had only licked Meryl's clit two or three times when Amanda said sternly, "No Harry. You need to fuck her."

I looked up at Meryl's face. She smiled again and nodded her head. I slid up along her firm body. When our faces were level, I began to kiss her. At the same time, I was trying to position my dick to enter her cunt. I soon felt her wet lips on my dickhead. I started to push in. Meryl was very tight. I gently worked my dick into her cunt and then started a back and forth motion. I was trying to aim my dick at the place that gave her the most pleasure. When Meryl gave a sharp intake of breath, I assumed that I had found the correct spot and kept thrusting my dick at it.

As Meryl got more stimulated, she gripped me tighter with her arms and legs, which was pretty nice. At one point, I looked at Amanda, who was standing beside the table we were fucking on. Amanda was breathing hard and had her right hand between her legs.

Meryl felt so good that I would have been happy staying inside of her for hours. Too soon, she began bucking her hips. She took several violent breaths and then let out a low moan. I surprised myself by coming inside of her an instant later. After Meryl caught her breath, she raised her head and kissed me again. The moan I heard from Amanda told me that she had gotten herself off while watching us.

I propped myself up on my elbows. My dick was still inside Meryl. I looked at Meryl. I looked at Amanda. At once, we all three started laughing. I pulled out and got up from the table. Meryl still had her legs spread wide and some of my come was visible between her lips.

"Not your traditional high school relationship," Meryl said. "But, I like this a lot better."

The three of us got into the shower and washed each other off. After we toweled, we walked naked from the basement up to Amanda's bedroom. Despite how badly I had been beaten up at districts, I slept well that night between Amanda's and Meryl's naked bodies.

As Amanda had promised, the three of us became a public item. We were together as much as possible at school. We went to each other's sports events. We went on dates together. Very often, we slept together. I know that other people in the school thought we were perverted, and the fact that I was dating two very beautiful girls at once did not make me popular with the other guys at school. We didn't care. Another funny thing was that, once the three of us started fucking together, we all three started doing better at school.

Meryl and Amanda had a good swim season, making the regional as part of the school's 200 meter medley team. They recorded the fastest time in the state that year in a preliminary heat. Unfortunately, the girl who swam backstroke ate something spoiled before the finals and was too busy barfing to swim. The freshman who replaced her was significantly slower and caused the team to miss qualifying for the state meet by two-tenths of a second. I don't think I can even blink in that small amount of time.

Meryl and Amanda went straight from swim season to tennis season. The Monday after the girls' regional swim meet, I was walking through the hall at school when Jan Hill, the girls' tennis coach, came up to me.

"Harry, you aren't doing any spring sport this year are you?"

"No. Why?"

"I was wondering if you'd like to manage our tennis team. You're already dating my number two and three singles players."

"What does a manger do?"

"I can teach you. Basically, you watch out for all of the mundane stuff so that I can coach the girls and the girls can play. Make sure we know how to get to our matches. Make sure that the girls have extra racquets, shoe laces, and enough water at the matches. Oh, and I'll show you how to chart each match. That helps if we have to play anyone again in the tournament."

It would let me spend more time with Amanda and Meryl so I said, "Yeah, I'll do it."

"One more thing. We've got the spring trip to Florida. I doubt that the school will pay for you. Can you pay your own way?"

Coach Hill had been taking her seniors on a tour of schools somewhere warm each spring break. This year they were playing four schools in Florida. Along with Amanda and Meryl, the number one singles player, an attractive African-American girl named Patti Wilson, was going. The number four singles, Joan Loos, was also a senior and was going. Amanda and Meryl were one doubles team while Patti and Joan were the other.

"I think I can manage that," I replied. A trip to Florida with Amanda and Meryl sounded pretty good. Thus, I became girls' tennis manager. I quickly learned to take care of anything that would come up except re-stringing racquets.

I need to backtrack slightly. The Saturday after the swimming regional, I was at Amanda's. It was early afternoon and Amanda and I were nude and working on our advanced calculus. I received a text from Meryl: "Cud u com ovr ASAP?" I hate the damage that "devices" are doing to our language.

I showed the text to Amanda and asked her if she wanted to come with me. Amanda smiled and said, "No. You're on your own on this one." I wondered what Amanda meant as I got dressed and drove the short distance to Meryl's house.

Meryl, clothed, met me at her door. "Thanks for coming," she said. "My mother asked to talk to you." Uh oh. What was this about?

Meryl led me into the Cohen's' front room where her mother was sitting. Sarah Cohen was a few years older than my parents, but you wouldn't know it from looking at her. She was extremely fit and you could easily see from whom Meryl had inherited her beauty.

"Harry Stone, thank you for coming," Mrs. Cohen said rather formally. "I understand that you are now dating my daughter, is that correct?"

"Yes ma'am," I replied.

"And you are also dating Amanda Turner?"

"Yes."

"Would you care to explain that?"

"There is a mutual attraction between the three of us and we enjoy being with each other."

"Do you love Amanda Turner?"

"Yes." Meryl was holding my hand and gave it a squeeze as I said that.

"Do you love my daughter?"

"Yes." Meryl gave my hand another squeeze.

"How is that possible?"

"Mrs. Cohen, I believe that we are all capable of loving more than one person. In fact, I know it because I'm in that situation. Amanda and Meryl are both extraordinary young women. Having gotten to know them both very well, I think that it would be impossible not to love them both." Meryl squeezed my hand again which I took as her approval of my answer.

"Meryl tells me that you, she, and Amanda spend a great deal of time together naked." Shit. Did Meryl share everything with her mother?

"That is true."

"I assume that you will not mind taking off your clothes for me."

I looked at Meryl who smiled slightly and shrugged. "Of course not, Ma'am," I responded. I kicked off my shoes and pulled my sweatshirt over my head and dropped it on the floor. I undid my belt and the button on my jeans and pushed my jeans and shorts to the floor together. I stepped out of my jeans and kicked them to the side. I stood with my arms at my side, fully nude, in front of the seated Mrs. Cohen.

Mrs. Cohen looked into my eyes for what seemed a long time, but was probably just a few seconds. I held her gaze with, I hoped, a relaxed expression. Mrs. Cohen looked away first. Then she looked back and ran her eyes all the way down me.

After another moment, Mrs. Cohen said to me, "Please turn around."

I did and let her visually examine my ass as she had my bare chest, dick, and balls. Finally, she said, "You may turn back around." I did.

To her daughter, Mrs. Cohen said, "Meryl, would you please take your clothes off too. I want to see what you look like together."

To my slight surprise, Meryl replied "I was hoping that you'd say that." She quickly stripped off and stood next to me. We each put an arm around the small of the other's back and stood naked, facing Meryl's mother.

Mrs. Cohen looked at the two of us for some time. She finally said, "I suppose that you do look good together." To Meryl, she asked "You've been having sex?"

"Of course, Mother," Meryl answered in a slightly exasperated tone.

Mrs. Cohen sat silently for a time. Then, she addressed Meryl again. "What does he look like erect?"

Meryl giggled and said. "I'll show you." Meryl stepped in front of me, facing me. She kissed me. As she did that, she gently took my balls in her left hand. She also began running her right index finger up and down the underside of my dick. Meryl's touch was always highly stimulating and that, coupled with the fact that we were both naked and she was stroking me in front of her mother, got me hard very fast. Satisfied, Meryl stood aside and left me facing her mother naked again, this time with a major hard-on.

I suppose that the "proper" emotion for my situation would have been embarrassment, standing naked in front of my girlfriend's mother with a boner. I didn't feel at all embarrassed. Rather, I felt proud, and warm, like I had accomplished something. Mrs. Cohen was looking at my erect penis and I was enjoying it.

After a long look, Mrs. Cohen exhaled noticeably. "Meryl, I can tell from your nipples that you're aroused and it would be a shame to let that erection go to waste. You two go upstairs. I'll put up your clothes."

Meryl giggled again, took my hand, and led me upstairs and into her room. Meryl had just closed the door when we heard her mother call up, "I know you're fucking up there so there's no point in closing the door."

Meryl re-opened the door with a soft laugh. As she led me to her bed, she whispered in my ear, "Mom's going to spy on us." We lay on top of the bedclothes and kissed. We were both so aroused that we didn't spend much time on foreplay. Very soon, Meryl was on her back with her legs wrapped around my waist. I was moving my dick back and forth in her pussy trying to hit the spots she liked while I nibbled at her earlobe.

Sex with Meryl, and with Amanda, was not a quick endeavor. As I had learned the things each girl liked, I worked hard on doing them exactly the way each girl liked. Being between the legs of a gorgeous young lady, I was certainly in no hurry to leave. And, I had learned that diligent efforts to induce pleasure were their own reward. Meryl and I made love (and it was lovemaking) for a long time. I was very pleased with myself that Meryl came twice before I finally shot inside of her.

I sort of fell onto the bed beside Meryl after I came. She had an indescribably wonderful look on her face. We kissed for a long time.

Although we had both expected it, we were still a bit startled to hear a voice coming from the doorway into Meryl's room. "Ok Harry Stone," Mrs. Cohen said. "You passed. You convinced me that you care as much about Meryl as you do about yourself. I'll have dinner ready for us in about an hour. Don't bother dressing for dinner."

After Mrs. Cohen walked away, I asked Meryl, "Has your Mom done that with all your boyfriends?"

Meryl smiled again. She softly said, "No Harry. You're the first boyfriend I've fucked." Meryl let that hang for a moment. She then asked, "Should we invite Amanda over for dinner?"

I knew that Amanda was going somewhere with her parents that night and told Meryl that. She smiled again, looked into my eyes, and said "So, it's just us tonight." I nodded.

Meryl and I held each other for a time. Then, Meryl bounced off of the bed. Let's go help Mom with dinner." Meryl didn't put anything on as she went out the door so I didn't either.

Under Mrs. Cohen's detailed directions, we actually did help fix dinner. I can't tell you now what it was, but I remember thinking that it was pretty good. Mrs. Cohen sat at the head of her dining room table fully clothed while Meryl and I sat nude to her right and left.

After we had cleaned up the dinnerware, Meryl explained to me that, on nights when she was home, she and her mother usually watched television together. We went into the family room where Mrs. Cohen already had the TV tuned to something on a cable channel targeted to women. Mrs. Cohen sat in the middle of the sofa opposite the TV. Meryl and I squeezed together into an armchair. Mrs. Cohen was silent so we were too.

After the program ended at the top of the hour, Mrs. Cohen said, "I'm sorry. You're a guest her Harry and I'm being a poor hostess. Would you like something to drink? Wine? If we have any beer, it's left over from Martin and I'd recommend against drinking that."

"A glass of red wine would be nice if it isn't too much trouble," I said.

"No trouble at all, "Mrs. Cohen replied. "And you'll have pinot gris Meryl?"

Meryl nodded. Mrs. Cohen walked out of the room but was soon back with two glasses of wine which she handed to Meryl and me. She walked out again and returned with a very full glass for herself.

Meryl and I drank very sparingly. Mrs. Cohen was a bit more committed. Midway through the next show, she went out and brought herself back a second glass.

After about another ten minutes, Mrs. Cohen muted the sound on the television. She turned on the sofa to face Meryl and me sitting together in the armchair. "I guess that I was a bitch and over the top earlier," she said. "Since Meryl's father died, I've probably been over-protective. I know that she's a smart young woman with good judgment. I know that she is a beautiful girl. I want her to enjoy everything which life has to offer that is good, but I'm scared that she'll be taken advantage of and be hurt."

I sat up in the chair. "Mrs. Cohen,' I said, "Meryl is a very extraordinary woman. Hurting her or taking advantage of her is the farthest thing from my mind. I know that this three-way relationship she, Amanda, and I have seems strange. It works for us. I guess that I should add that it was the girls' idea."

Meryl had sat up and had her chin on my left shoulder. I could feel her bare breasts pressed into my back.

Mrs. Cohen sat silently looking at us for quite a time. She took another sip of wine. "I'm not entirely sure why, but I believe you Harry. Meryl has seemed happier these last few weeks than she's seemed since her Dad died. I know Amanda Turner is also a very special girl. I'm just a different generation. Whatever I can do for all three of you, I will."

We went back to watching TV for another hour or so. Then Meryl climbed out of the chair, took my hand, and said, "Mom, I'm taking Harry to bed now."

As I stood up, Mrs. Cohen looked at us and said, "Enjoy yourself Dear."

Our school took tennis fairly seriously. With a healthy dose of Bill Turner's money, the school had built its own little tennis stadium with locker rooms for the boys and girls teams. The girl's team was supposed to have one large locker room, with a separate room and shower room for coaches. A couple of years earlier, Coach Hill had divided her team into varsity and junior varsity, supposedly to give everyone more playing time. Amanda thought that it was really to get to this year when the varsity would consist of her, Meryl, Patti, and Joan; all of whom were close to Coach Hill. Coach Hill had designated what had been meant as her office as the varsity locker room.

The locker room was a delicate issue for me. I only worked with the varsity and there were myriad reasons for me to be in the locker room, from replacing damaged shoes to passing out fresh wristbands. Of course, I had unlimited access as far as Amanda and Meryl were concerned. But, while I quickly established good working relations with Patti and Joan, I had to be very careful not to catch either of them undressed.

Our weather was still variable when the season started, meaning that the girls' early matches were played exclusively indoors. Part of my job was to know how to get to the indoor clubs which the various schools used and, although it was probably improper, to drive Coach Hill and the girls to their matches.

The Spring Break trip to Florida was a relief from our dismal weather. Although I'm a reasonably large guy, on the flight to West Palm I ended up in the middle seat of a row of three. In truth, it wasn't that bad. Amanda had the window seat and Meryl had the aisle.

The girls had a match the day after our arrival against a private girl's school in Palm Beach. Coach Hill had warned me that the private school girls were great players. However, Patti, Amanda, Meryl, and Joan won all of the matches. That made for a festive mood at dinner that night.

The next day, the girls played a public school team in Boca Raton. That didn't go as well as their numbers 1 and 2 singles beat Patti and Amanda. As a doubles team, the same girls beat Amanda and Meryl.

Part of my job on the trip was to wash uniforms. The girls wore traditional tennis dresses in our school colors and logo, and we had brought two sets for the trip. Both sets had now been used and we were driving to the Tampa area the next day. Fortunately, the Boca Raton coach offered to let us do our laundry in her facilities.

The two teams socialized as we waited for our girls' laundry to get done. Patti had been talking to the other teams' number 1 when she called out, "Man, Merz, Hulk, come over here. You need to hear this." Patti was big on handing out nicknames. "Man" was Amanda. "Merz" was Meryl. I was "Hulk" not, Patti said, because I had any resemblance to Hulk Hogan but because we were both wrestlers. I tried in vain to explain the difference between the two types of wrestling.

We walked over to where Patti was sitting. Bethany, the Boca school's number 1 singles player, was a mildly attractive blonde. Very matter-of-factly, she explained "I was just telling Patti that I and my family belong to a naturist club near Orlando which has very good courts. I've played nude there a number of times. It is just a better way to play tennis. I was encouraging Patti to try it."

Amanda responded, "My family and his, pointing at me, are nudists too. But, the only time I've gotten to play tennis nude was last summer at a resort north of Tampa."

"I know the place," Bethany responded. "I played there once. A bunch of guys watched from outside the fence. They were more interested in when I bent over than in tennis, though."

Amanda said, "Probably the same guys who watched me. I kind of enjoyed it though."

Bethany smiled. "So did I. But, as a 'family' nudist, you're supposed to act like you don't like people looking at your ass, tits, and cunt."

Meryl chimed in, "Damn. I've never gotten to play nude."

Bethany thought for a second, then said, "Aren't you guys playing Hillsborough Girls Academy while you're down here?"

I answered, "Yes. That is our last match before we go home."

Bethany said, "Their 1 and 2 are nudists. So is their coach. I've played with and against all of them in the buff. If you really want to play a nude match, I'll call them. I'd bet they'd be up for I it."

Patti spoke up. "That's cool if you two want to do that, but I'm keeping my clothes on."

Bethany smiled. "I'm sure that will be no problem. I don't think everyone on that team is a nudist. Let me call them. If they're up for it, are you willing to say whoever wants to play nude can?"

Amanda and Meryl both nodded enthusiastically without even asking Coach Hill.

Bethany said, "Let me get a phone number and I'll tell you what they say." Bethany and Amanda traded cell numbers. About that same time, the Boca coach waved me over and told me the team laundry was ready. They had even folded it for me. I put the uniforms in the back of the van we had rented, along with the girl's racquets and bags. Coach Hill rounded up Amanda, Meryl, Patti, and Joan and we started the drive to the Tampa area.

Florida is bigger than it looks on a map. We had a several hour drive to get to our next hotel. It was around 9:00 p.m. when we got there. Everyone was tired and cranky. The team was off the next day. With the help of the folks at the front desk, I found a reasonably good pizzeria nearby and brought back dinner for the team.

One reason we had picked this hotel was that it had a tennis court, one. That allowed Coach Hill to have a practice of sorts the next morning while I double-checked the route to the following days' match and all of the girls' gear. The afternoon was spent lazing around the pool. I suspect that Patti, Joan, and even Coach Hill actually looked very nice in bikinis. However, with Amanda and Meryl sitting next to them, they looked just plain by comparison.

The next days' match was not far away. It was also one-sided. Collectively, the team lost one set. Again, spirits were high that evening.

I had found what was reviewed online as a good seafood restaurant for us to eat in that night. The six of us were seated at a round table, slightly away from the other tables. As we finished dinner, Coach Hill said, "I got a call from Sharon Duplessis, coach at HGA." Hillsborough Girls Academy was our final opponent, the next day.

"Yeah?" Amanda asked, suspecting what was coming.

"It seems that some of her players said that they would like to play their matches in the nude. She asked if we were ok with that." Looking at Amanda, Meryl, and me, Coach Hill said, "I told her that we were. So, if any of you are so inclined, you are free to play naked tomorrow. Just, please don't tell school administration that we did this."

We knew that we could trust Patti. Amanda, Meryl, and I looked at Joan. Joan smiled. "I'm keeping my clothes on, but, if Amanda and Meryl want to play naked, what happens in Florida stays in Florida." Amanda and Meryl were pleased.

"Hell yeah I'll play naked," Meryl said.

"Me too," added Amanda.

"Harry," Coach Hill said, "They moved the match to an indoor club so that it will be more private. Here's the address. You need to figure out how we get there."

Actually, finding the tennis club was very easy. It was about an hour from the hotel (we were staying in the same hotel because it was fairly close to Tampa International). The club was in what looked like a pretty high-end neighborhood.

As I pulled our van into the parking lot, a rather stout middle-aged lady walked out. "Are you the team from up north?"

We collectively nodded.

The lady smiled. "Coach Duplessis made the arrangements with me. There may be a few other members around, but it's no big deal. We've had people play here nude before."

We followed the lady into a locker room. I hastily got all four players gear set up and made my exit so that Patti and Joan could change. Looking out on the courts, I saw four girls in matching warm up suits knocking balls around. That must be HGA, I thought.

An attractive woman whom I guessed to be about 30 came up to me. She was wearing a similar warm up suit. I guess my polo shirt in the school colors and the embroidered "Locust Ridge Girls Tennis" identified me as a team rep.

The lady extended her hand. "Hi, I'm Sharon Duplessis."

"Hello. I'm Harry Stone, team manger."

Coach Duplessis got a look. "Coach Hill didn't mention that you are with the team."

"I'm sorry. Is that a problem?"

"I don't think so, but you will be here for the matches, right?"

I nodded.

"I'd better tell my girls."

Coach Duplessis walked off. As Amanda, Meryl, Patti, and Joan came out in their warm up suits, I could see Coach Duplessis huddled with her players. I motioned Amanda and Meryl over.

"Small problem," I said. "HGA didn't know I am with the team. I may be spending a few hours in the parking lot."

Amanda frowned. "No, that's not right. Let me talk to Coach."

Amanda was talking Coach Hill when Coach Duplessis joined them. The three talked and then Coach Duplessis walked back and talked to her players. After a short conversation, I heard the HGA girls giggle. Coach Duplessis turned, looked towards Coach Hill, and nodded her head.

Amanda and Coach Hill walked over to me. "Harry," Coach Hill said, "as I think you appreciate, we had a small problem. The girls from HGA didn't know that we had a man with our team. We've talked it over and they've agreed that you can stay for the matches if you take your clothes off too. Amanda said that would not be a problem for you."

"No. It's no problem," I said.

"Ok," Coach Hill said, "strip off."

So I did. I folded my clothes and walked naked to our team bench to set them down. From across the courts, the entire HGA team was watching. As I walked up to our bench, Patti and Joan were watching me too. It was really pretty neat. As I set my clothes down, Patti said "Hulk, you aren't bad, for a white guy" and laughed.

Coach Hill walked up. "Harry, I forgot to give Coach Duplessis our line-up. Could you take this over to her?" Coach Hill was smiling. Naked, I walked around to the other side of the courts, past the six members of the HGA girls' tennis team who were all inspecting me closely. I handed the list of who was playing which match to Coach Duplessis, who also looked me up and down.

"I'm glad that you decided to stay,' she said. I was having a great time.

The matches were a bit unusual. HGA's number 1, a very attractive girl, played nude against Patti who played clothed. The HGA girl won 6-4, 4-6, 7-5. It was quite warm in the building. I was perfectly comfortable with nothing on, and I noticed that the girl from HGA stayed nude after her match.

Number 2 singles was Amanda playing nude against the nude number 2 from HGA. The HGA girl may have been attractive, but no one except Meryl and Gwen looks good compared to Amanda. The match did draw attention from the handful of other people in the tennis club. Despite the issue about my presence, I noticed that no one said a word about a couple of guys who were watching with their female partners. I suspected that I had been set up, but, like Amanda in her match, I was the winner.

Number 3 singles was a nude Meryl playing a clothed girl from HGA. Amanda and I sat together nude on the bench watching Meryl play. "She looks great playing naked," Amanda said. I had to agree.

Meryl won her match in straight sets. As she walked towards the bench and us, she was naked and sweaty and looked incredibly sexy. "That was the most fun I've ever had playing tennis," she said. Nodding her head towards the two couples watching from a distance, Meryl said, "I'm glad that we had a bit of an audience. Too bad that there weren't more. I wish I never had to play clothed again." Meryl had walked right up to Amanda and me. We had stood up from the bench. Meryl added, "I'm really glad that the two of you are here naked to share this with me." The three of us had a nude hug.

At number 4 singles, Joan played a traditional clothed match against a clothed opponent. Joan lost. That prompted Meryl to tease Patti and Joan, "You have to go bare to win."

Apparently, word had spread because there were about a dozen people in the club watching as Amanda and Meryl started their nude doubles against the nude pair from HGA. A middle-aged woman in a tennis dress came over to me. "Excuse me, are the girls playing all of their matches in the nude?"

"No ma'am," I replied. "This will be the last nude match. All four girls playing in the other doubles will be clothed."

"Why are you nude?" the lady asked.

"I'm a team manger. The girls from HGA asked for me to take my clothes off."

"And you did?"

"Sure. Why not?"

"How much are they being paid to play nude?" the woman asked.

"Not a penny," I responded. "They're playing nude because they enjoy playing tennis in the nude."

The woman walked back to the table where she had been sitting with three other women and two men and, I assume, recounted what I had told her.

Not that I'm biased, but the nude doubles match was a thing of beauty. Women playing tennis are beautiful anyway. Two very beautiful and two attractive young women playing tennis with no clothes on magnify that beauty.

All three sets went to a tiebreaker. The teams split the first two sets. Amanda and Meryl won the third tiebreaker and the match. Both Meryl and Amanda were drenched in sweat as they walked to our bench. They both looked incredibly beautiful and sexy. I hugged and kissed them both.

Coach Hill came up holding Amanda's and Meryl's warm up suits. Both girls shook their heads. "I'm staying naked as long as I can," Meryl said. The three of us sat bare on the bench to watch clothed Patti and Joan go out on the court for the final match.

We noticed some small commotion and heard laughs and loud voices from the HGA side of the court. The HGA 3 and 4 singles players were their number 2 doubles team. Both girls had played their singles matches clothed. Amanda nudged me and said, "Look" pointing across the court. One of the HGA players was unzipping the tennis dress of the other. As we watched, both players stripped naked to the applause of their teammates. The newly nudes kept the streak intact, beating Patti and Joan in a third set tiebreaker.

After the last match, both teams walked towards the net to shake hands. Initially, I stayed back, not being a player. However, Meryl took me by the elbow and led me up to the net. Everyone who had been nude during the matches stayed nude.

Amanda and Meryl were shaking hands with the HGA number 2 doubles players, with me a step behind. The redhead from HGA was laughing. "They sort of shamed us into doing it, saying that only naked players were winning. I was really scared. I've never gone nude in public before (a statement corroborated by her very pronounced, but sexy, tan lines). But, I saw Marcy and Jill and you two do it and it looked like you were all having fun. So I asked Karen if she wanted to play this last match naked. She said 'I will if you do.'"

Karen, a brunette who also had pronounced tan lines, was standing with her. "I'm glad Bess didn't chicken out. That was really fun. It felt so good not to have anything on."

Just then, the lady who had greeted us when we arrived came onto the court carrying a tub full of ice and bottles of Gatorade. "This is the least I can do. Word got out quickly that some pretty girls were playing tennis here naked. This is my best bar take for mid-day Thursday in years."

The girls gratefully drank the Gatorade. Of the players, only Patti and Joan were clothed. No one seemed in any hurry to get dressed.

Monica, the HGA number 1, said "My house is just a few blocks from here. My folks don't mind. We can go over there, shower, and hang out nude all afternoon." Monica nodded at me. "You do have to bring him, though."

Patti and Joan were obviously not interested, and Coach Hill was about, I think, to veto the idea when Coach Duplessis said, "They're good people. Pillars of the community."

"Ok," who gets where how?" Coach Hill asked.

Coach Duplessis said, "I can drive you and your clothed players back to your hotel if everyone else can use your van. Monica can tell Harry how to get from her house back to your hotel."

After a moment, Coach Hill said, "Ok, but you three are back at the hotel by 7:00 p.m.!"

Monica came up to me and said, "I'd prefer to ride home naked, but I need to get my racquets and stuff home." All of the girls had the same problem, so I was delegated to get all of the gear and clothes out of the club and into our van.

I started to get dressed. Meryl said, "Harry. Don't do that!" I looked at the lady who ran the tennis club, who was standing a few feet away. "It's no problem with me," she said. "I like you better naked too." So, without a stitch on, I made several trips out to the van carrying racquets, shoes, warm ups, and clothes.

Once I had the van loaded, Amanda, Meryl, and the four players from HGA, all still naked, walked out into the parking lot and got in the van. Of necessity, Monica had the front passenger seat beside me so that she could give directions. After I turned out of the club's side street onto a major road, Monica said, "You'll take this about ten blocks, then left."

We drove a few blocks. The girls in the back were talking, mainly Amanda relating some of her nude experiences. Monica asked me, "I'm confused. Are you Amanda's boyfriend or Meryl's?"

Meryl heard her and answered. "Harry is both my boyfriend and Amanda's, and yes the relationship is sexual with both of us."

That produced a vocal reaction from the HGA players. Much more quietly, Monica said, "good for you."

Monica lived in a very leafy, very expensive looking neighborhood. There was a huge house with a semi-circle drive in front. Monica said, "Just pull into the semi-circle. It's not a big deal. The neighbors see us naked often enough."

I parked, Monica opened the front door, and the HGA girls took their gear from the van inside. As I had suspected, Monica's parents were not home.

Once everyone was inside, Monica announced, "We all smell. Before we do anything else, let's shower. There is an outdoor shower in the back."

Monica led us through an elegantly furnished house out onto a patio which looked like something from a travel magazine. There was a huge pool, Jacuzzi, built-in grill, and lounge chairs all over. In a corner was a freestanding pipe with a couple of showerheads attached to do. A white cabinet stood a few feet away.

Monica said, "Towels are in the cabinet. There are only the two showerheads so we'll all have to be friends."

Being friends meant that, while I washed Amanda and Meryl, and they washed me, I was assigned to wash the backs of the HGA girls as well. Starting with Monica, I was thorough but gentle, and stopped above her buttocks. Monica looked over her shoulder at me. "Harry, I'd like you to wash my ass too unless Amanda or Meryl objects."

Smiling, both Amanda and Meryl shook their heads that they didn't object. I washed Monica's firm ass and, feeling a bit daring, spread her cheeks and ran a finger across her asshole. "I was hoping that you'd do that," Monica said. "Now you can wash the rest of me." I did, from her small breasts to her toes. Somehow, my finger brushed her clit a few times. I had to repeat the service for all four of the HGA players.

As I was washing Karen, I heard Bess, the redhead, ask Amanda and Meryl, "Is he always this nice?"

In unison, my girls answered "Always."

By the time I had fondled four reasonably attractive naked girls, I was more than a bit excited. Monica looked at my hard-on and then pointed to a corner of the patio I had not noticed. There was a wooden frame that stood about seven feet high. Inside the frame was a piece of translucent material. As the sun was coming from the other side, I could see the outline of a large lounge chair.

Monica said, "That's all the privacy we can offer. My folks use it if they get horny while we have company. Go ahead."

Amanda took one of my hands while Meryl took the other and they led me behind the frame. Amanda gently pushed me onto the lounger on my back. Meryl straddled me and slowly lowered herself down as she guided my dick inside her. As Meryl began to ride me, Amanda straddled my face and I started to eat. The HGA girl's tennis team, standing naked on the other side of the partition, watched the three of us enjoy each other in silhouette.

After the sex, we spent a pleasant afternoon naked with the girls from HGA. Mostly, they asked us about our three-way relationship. Bess and Karen asked Amanda, me, Monica, and Denise, their number 2 singles and also a nudist, a lot of questions about social nudism.

About 5:00 p.m., Monica said, "allowing for traffic, you guys better get going." She gave me detailed directions back to our hotel. We thanked her and her teammates and everyone exchanged phone numbers and e-mail addresses. As we walked out to the van, Meryl asked Monica "Do you think we'd be ok riding back nude?"

Monica laughed. "You might give some truckers a thrill, but other than that you'll be ok."

Amanda and Meryl looked at each other, smiled, and, together, said, "We can handle that."

New Family Rules Ch. 05
byHStoner©

This story is the fifth in a series. I recommend reading the prior stories in order because this story is a continuation of those. I hope that you find my characters as interesting as I do. Any similarities to any real person are entirely coincidental. Whether you like the story or loathe it, comments are welcome. .Although it may not seem clear from context, all characters are at least 18.

______________________________

Coach Hill did not ask what Amanda, Meryl, and I did that afternoon with the players from HGA. We were back at the hotel by our deadline. I'm not sure that Coach ever knew that the three of us were nude as we walked into the hotel and road the elevator to our room. Everyone was on the flight home the next morning and everyone was happy.

The Florida trip seemed to have a positive effect on the girls' play. Collectively, they lost one match the remainder of the regular season. All four of Amanda, Meryl, Patti, and Joan made it through the district and into the regional tournament in both singles and doubles. All four girls were eliminated from singles at the regional; although Amanda lasted to a fifth set tiebreaker. However, the doubles teams finished one-two in the regional. All four girls were going to the state final as two of the sixteen best doubles teams in the state.

The state final was at the flagship state university, about 100 miles from us. The girls' enthusiasm and expectations were high as I drove Coach Hill's SUV up the freeway. Coach Hill was busy preparing the girls for their matches.

Patti and Joan would play first. For some unknown reason, teams were not seeded in the state final. Instead, the brackets were filled by a random draw. Patti and Joan had drawn the best girls' doubles team in the state for their opening match. The other worry was that the tournament was single elimination. In the event, the girls whom Patti and Joan played did play like the best team in the state. Patti and Joan lost in straight sets. That cast a shadow over the rest of the day.

Amanda and Meryl did not play until mid-afternoon. I think that the loss by Patti and Joan caused my girlfriends to try too hard. I watched both of them make unforced errors that they probably hadn't made since they were freshman. Still, they were the better team. That was enough to get them to a fifth set tiebreaker. It wasn't enough to win the tiebreaker.

After Amanda and Meryl lost, no one said anything. I gathered up the gear. We walked out of the stadium straight to Coach Hill's SUV. I handed her the keys. We all got in. She started the engine and we were out of there. Still, not a word had been said.

We had been on the freeway about twenty minutes when Patti broke the silence. "Shit," she said and pounded her fist into the seatback.

A couple of minutes later, Meryl said. "Hang on. Losing is a risk that you take any time you play a game. Ok, we lost. We knew that was a possibility going in. We still had a damned good season."

Everyone thought about what Meryl had said. The mood slowly brightened. By the time Coach Hill pulled into a fast food joint about halfway home, there had actually been a laugh or two.

We reached our school in the early evening. I was unloading the gear from the back of the SUV when Amanda said, "I smell. I need a shower."

Coach Hill said, "I guess we probably all need showers."

The girls started walking towards the varsity locker room. Had it been just Amanda and Meryl, I would have been right there with them. Because Patti, Joan, and Coach Hill were there, I hung back.

Meryl was first to the locker room door. She stopped, turned, and looked at me. Amanda looked at her teammates and her coach. Patti, Joan, and Coach Hill looked at each other. Finally, Patti shrugged. Joan followed by nodding her head.

Coach Hill said, "Harry, you smell a bit gamey too. You might as well come in and shower too. But don't any of you ever tell anyone that I did this."

I followed the girls into the locker room. Amanda, Meryl, and I stripped off right away and went into the shower. The shower was not your typical girls' locker room shower. Instead of separate stalls, it was a large shower room with showerheads placed along the walls. There was no privacy. I assume the contractor thought it was building a boys' locker room. Although, Amanda's dad paid for it. Maybe he told the contractor to build it this way.

I was a little surprised when Patti walked into the shower naked. I was very surprised when Joan walked in naked. She caught me looking and said, "Well, I guess it is fair. I saw you down in Florida."

I was shocked when Coach Hill came in, took off her towel, and stood naked. Coach Hill smiled. "Harry, I know that I don't look half as good naked as Amanda or Meryl. But, you've been a hell of a manager. Consider this your thank you." Coach Hill wasn't Amanda or Meryl, but she wasn't ugly either.

Amanda, Meryl, and I went through our usual wash each other routine. I fear that we made Joan uncomfortable because she finished her shower very quickly and left. Coach Hill wasn't far behind her. Patti, however, was in no hurry to leave and seemed to enjoy watching us. "I wish I had a man to wash me like that," she said. Patti had gone through a very public break-up with her long time boyfriend just before the tennis season started. She had caught him getting a blow job from a cheerleader and felt that wasn't a solid basis for a continued relationship.

Graduation came a week after the state tennis final. Meryl graduated as valedictorian and Amanda was salutatorian. As they made a point of showing me, it was probably the first time our school bestowed those honors on students wearing absolutely nothing under their graduation gowns.

Amanda told me later, "As I walked across the stage to get my diploma, I had to fight a strong urge to whip my gown off and get my diploma naked. I wish that I had."

The girls, of course, looked perfectly ordinary with bare legs showing beneath their gowns. Unfortunately, I had no choice but to wear trousers.

Amanda's parents and mine gave us a post-graduation party and cook-out around the Turners' pool. We were free to invite anyone we wanted. They just had to agree to get naked. Amanda, Meryl, and I had thought about that a lot. For the last several months of school, we had been our own exclusive social circle. Sure, I had teammates whom I liked, but I didn't trust them to behave when Amanda and Meryl were walking around naked. In the end, we invited Patti and Joan; Megan, a friend of Amanda and Meryl from the swim team; and Mrs. Cohen. Mrs. Cohen was not, of course, asked to get naked.

Megan gave an excuse why she couldn't come. I suspect that her parents objected to the nudity. Patti and Joan said that there were coming, but I was still surprised when they came through the Turners' house and out onto the patio about two hours after graduation. Both were barefoot and wearing sundresses. Patti and Joan looked at each other, giggled, and whipped their sundresses over their heads. Neither girl wore a stitch underneath. Of course, Amanda, Meryl, and I were already nude, as were Amanda's and my parents. We were pleased to see Patti and Joan get naked.

Once she was undressed, Joan came up to me. "Harry, I owe you an apology. I was a little cold to you this season. The nudity thing with you, Amanda, and Meryl was new to me. Since you were the guy, I focused on you. I started to get it down in Florida when I saw how much the girls from HGA enjoyed playing tennis naked. I sort of ran out of the locker room last week. Driving home, I asked myself why it bothered me that you saw me naked. I decided that I was being stupid and childish. I'm glad that I'm getting this one chance to hang out naked with all of you."

We swam, played water volleyball, and ate. After the meal, I had gone into the house to use the bathroom. As I stepped back out onto the patio, I saw Amanda, Meryl, Patti, and Joan sitting together talking and laughing, stark naked. None of them was worrying about keeping her knees together. I thought, "Yes. These are my real friends. I'm going to miss these women." Of course, I hoped to God that I would never have to separate from Amanda although I recognized that it would probably happen.

It was getting towards evening. Graduation had been in the morning. I saw Patti and Joan huddled with Amanda and Meryl. I saw Meryl nod her head and heard Amanda say "Of course!"

Patti and Joan walked over to me. Patti said, "We have to leave. Each of us has something with our families tonight. But, before I put my clothes back on, I want to give you a good naked hug."

Patti put her arms around me, with both hands on my ass. Over her shoulder, I could see Amanda gesturing for me to put my hands on Patti's ass, so I did. Patti said, "Thank you Harry." She kissed me.

Joan followed Patti. "Harry, I wish we'd been better friends."

"Joan, don't worry, you are a good friend."

Joan hugged me tight and kissed me. As she broke the embrace, she giggled. "I wish that we'd been good enough friends that I could have touched you" she said looking at my dick.

"You can touch me if you want to," I said. Joan took my dick in her hand and held me. That actually felt pretty nice.

As she was holding my dick, Joan moved her feet apart. She said, "Harry, I want you to finger my clit." I did for a moment. Joan let me go, kissed me again, and walked away.

Amanda and Meryl came up. "That was a touching scene with Joan," Meryl laughed.

"I was really hoping that she'd ask you to fuck her," Amanda teased.

"I wouldn't fuck her," I said. "That would be unfair to you two."

"Hell, Joan's a friend. We'd be ok if you fuck her, just don't fall in love with her," Amanda replied. Meryl nodded her head in agreement.

"Speaking of fucking," Meryl said, "I know two girls who you do want to fuck and who want to fuck you, rather badly, right now. Come on."

We walked past our parents and into the house. Amanda told our parents, "We're going upstairs to make love. We may be there a while."

The summer between high school and college was just a bit intense. We knew that our lives were about to undergo major changes. Amanda, Meryl, and I were very conscious of the fact that, starting in late August, we would not be with each other on a regular basis. None of us were looking forward to Meryl's departure and we spent as much time together as we could.

I don't want you to get the impression that our lives that summer were all about sex. Yes, we had a lot of sex with each other. We also went to movies and museums. We walked every park in the region. We went to a couple of baseball games. Meryl and Amanda spent a lot of time working on my tennis game (Amanda wanted me to be able to give her a competitive match). And we talked. We talked a lot.

Meryl's university has sent her a list of books that she was expected to have read by the time she showed up for classes. She had already read a few of the books on the list. She went out and bought the rest. We spent a lot of time sitting nude by the pool at one of our homes (I think that there was a local zoning ordinance requiring every home in our town to have a large in-ground pool) while Meryl read her books. When she came across something that she found interesting or provocative, she would read it aloud and the three of us would discuss it.

That was what we were doing one Wednesday afternoon, a little after July 4. We rotated between our three houses since all three pools were reasonably private and we could go nude at any of them. This day, we were beside Meryl's pool. We heard Sarah Cohen, Meryl's mother, come home from her office early. I saw her glance out the patio door at us and turn away. A little while later, Mrs. Cohen came out on the patio in a one-piece swimsuit, carrying a glass of white wine.

Despite her husband's death a few years earlier, Meryl's mom had stayed active and had stayed very fit. For a woman in her late 50s, Sarah Cohen was very attractive and fairly sexy. She sat down in a lounge chair with us and joined our conversation. Although Sarah Cohen did not nude herself, she was, by then, very used to seeing the three of us with nothing on.

After a while, Mrs. Cohen finished her wine and went inside for a re-fill. When she came back out, Meryl said, "Mom, you know you can lose that suit. We're all friends here and you stick out as the only person with something on." Meryl had tried to get her mother to undress around us before without success. I didn't expect anything different that day.

Instead of sitting back down in her lounge chair right away, Mrs. Cohen set her wine glass down on a small table. She stood there for a moment, looking at the three of us. Finally, she said, "What the fuck? I've had a lousy day." It must have been. I'd never heard Mrs. Cohen use the F word before.

After her pronouncement, Sarah Cohen reached up and pulled the straps of her one-piece off of her shoulders and onto her arms. She slid her arms out of the straps and pushed the top of her suit down, revealing very pale but very firm looking breasts. I figured that she would sit for a while with just her top pushed down.

Mrs. Cohen surprised me. She kept pushing her suit down. She pushed it past her ass and let it drop to the concrete at her feet. Then she stepped out of the suit, picked it up, and tossed it onto an empty lounge chair. I said that Sarah Cohen looked good for a woman her age. Naked, she looked very good for a woman of any age. I could see from whom Meryl inherited her gorgeous body.

As her mother sat back down in her lounge chair, Meryl reminded her, "Mom, use plenty of sunscreen. You don't want to burn the bits that don't usually get sun."

With a slightly exasperated tone, Mrs. Cohen responded "Yes Dear." She did, however, begin spreading sunscreen on herself. We went back to discussing Meryl's book, although I did sneak a few glances at Meryl's now naked mother.

I hadn't really noticed that Mrs. Cohen had rolled over onto her front until she asked, "Meryl, would you put sunscreen on my back?"

Meryl giggled and replied, "Wouldn't you prefer that Harry do that?"

Mrs. Cohen said, "Sure, if he's willing to rub on the body of an old lady."

Meryl gestured to me to do what her mother had asked, so I got up from my chair and walked over to where Mrs. Cohen lay. Although it was very pale, Mrs. Cohen had a really nice bare ass. I picked up the bottle of sunscreen from the table and squeezed some into my hands. I began spreading in on the back of Mrs. Cohen's neck and her shoulders. As I worked down her back, I was too lazy to walk around to her other side. That meant that I had to lean across Mrs. Cohen to adequately cover her side that was farthest from me. Doing that, I inadvertently dragged my dick across her back a couple of times. I hoped that she didn't notice.

I stopped spreading sunscreen just above Mrs. Cohen's hips. Meryl, who had been watching me, said, "Harry, you have to do her butt." Hearing no objection from Mrs. Cohen, I went ahead and rubbed sunscreen on her bare cheeks. They were surprisingly firm. I worked down the backs of her thighs and calves and even did her ankles and the soles of her feet.

As I finished and straightened up, Mrs. Cohen said, "Harry, it has been a long time since a man's dick has touched any part of this body. That was nice. Thank you."

Amanda gave me some mock praise: "Good boy, Harry."

Meryl laughed and called out, "Mom's getting horny!"

Mrs. Cohen responded to her daughter, "So what if I am? I may be alone, but I'm not sexually dead yet."

Laughing, Meryl responded, "Believe me Mom, I know that." Meryl's mother was lying on her front with her face turned away from us. Meryl put her finger to her lips, bidding us to be quiet, and very quietly got out of her lounge chair and tiptoed into the house. I said that her mother had a nice ass. Watching Meryl walk away naked, I was reminded that the daughter had (and still has) a fantastic ass.

Meryl tiptoed back out a few minutes later carrying a large skin-toned dildo. I hadn't seen that one before and assumed that it belonged to Mrs. Cohen rather than Meryl. The dildo had a ridge spiraling down its length.

Meryl walked over beside her dozing mother and tapped her shoulder. Mrs. Cohen rose up on her forearms. "Mom," Meryl said, "here, you can please yourself."

Mrs. Cohen flipped over and was sitting in the lounger. She took the dildo from her daughter, but looked at Amanda and me. She looked a little distressed.

Meryl told her mother, "It will be hotter with us watching. Don't worry about Harry. He's seen Amanda and me use them on ourselves. He'll be cool about it."

Mrs. Cohen sighed and said, "I'm going to burn in hell. Ok, gather round." I stood up and walked to the foot of Mrs. Cohen's lounger. Amanda had been lying next to Ms. Cohen. She sat up, and swung her feet onto the concrete so that she was sitting facing Mrs. Cohen.

Mrs. Cohen spread her legs. It wasn't Amanda's or Meryl's, but Sarah Cohen had an attractive cunt. She began edging herself with the dildo. She did that for some time. Standing just past her feet, I was looking directly between Mrs. Cohen's legs and could see that she was getting very lubricated. Finally, she started working the dildo into herself. Once she got it fully in, she would twist it around as she moved it back and forth. I have to admit, watching Meryl's mom do herself was pretty hot and I got hard.

Mrs. Cohen mostly kept her eyes closed as she did herself with her dildo. She did open her eyes once and looked at me. She smiled. "It is nice to know that I can still get a man hard without touching him," she said.

Mrs. Cohen got herself off. That was really nice to watch. She pulled the dildo out and set it on the concrete. She took a large gulp of her wine. "I am really bad," she said.

Meryl responded, "Mom, you were great. Wasn't she Harry?"

I mentally cursed Meryl for putting me on the spot. I had to respond though. "That was beautiful, Mrs. Cohen," I said. "That was the sexiest thing I've seen that didn't involve Meryl or Amanda."

Sarah Cohen smiled. "Very diplomatic, Harry."

With Mrs. Cohen's show over, we went back to lounging and discussing Meryl's book. The sun was low in the sky about an hour later when Mrs. Cohen said, "I really do not feel like cooking. What do you want to do about dinner?"

Amanda and Meryl looked at each other and smiled. In unison, they said "Pizza!" The girls liked pizza, but there was more than that to their enthusiasm. Our town had a pretty good pizzeria which delivered to our area. Over that summer, Amanda and Meryl had started ordering pizza from them a lot. When the driver pulled up out front, one of them would look to see if the driver was a man or a woman. If it was a man, Amanda and Meryl would answer the door nude, pay for the pizza, and try to engage him in conversation. If the driver was one of the two women who drove for that pizzeria, answering the door nude was my responsibility. The object was (a) to see how much of yourself you could show to the driver and (b) to see how long you could keep him or her at the door. Amanda and Meryl enjoyed their game.

Meryl called our order in and began watching the time. When the pizza was about due, all four of us went inside. I helped Mrs. Cohen put plates on the island in their kitchen. Meryl and Amanda were at the front window.

When the pizza car pulled up, Meryl called out, "It's Herbie." She ran back into the kitchen, grabbed her mother's arm, and said, "Come on Mom, you're paying for the pizza."

Somewhat shocked, Mrs. Cohen replied, "But I'm naked!"

"Mom, that's the point," Meryl responded, "Now, get some money and come on." We heard the doorbell ring. "I'll be there with you,' Meryl added.

Reluctantly, Mrs. Cohen followed her daughter to the door. Meryl opened the door. Herbie, the pizza driver, had seen Meryl and Amanda nude several times before. I could see from his face that Mrs. Cohen standing there naked caught him by surprise. Mrs. Cohen handed over the money and took the pizza box. Instead of closing the door, Meryl started engaging Herbie in conversation. Meryl was standing beside her mother. I was further inside the room. Looking at Sarah and Meryl Cohen standing together naked was a lovely sight from behind. I knew that Herbie was getting a beautiful eye full from the front.

When Herbie finally tore himself away and walked back to his car, Amanda called out "Eight minutes. Not a record."

Meryl responded, "Full frontal, but nothing else."

Mrs. Cohen had a perplexed look, so Meryl explained their game with the pizza drivers. "You should have told me," Mrs. Cohen said. "I could have dropped some of the money, brushed it behind me with my foot, and turned around and bent over to pick it up."

Amanda and Meryl both laughed. "Mom, you're starting to get it," Meryl said.

After dinner, the four of us watched a little TV. Around 9:00 p.m., Mrs. Cohen stood up (she had stayed naked) and said, "I have to be in early tomorrow."

Amanda, Meryl, and I slept together every night that summer. Where we slept depended on whose house we were in at bedtime. No one minded that arrangement because all of our parents knew that, if we were not at their house, all three of us were at one of the other two.

Meryl stood up after her mother. Looking at Amanda and me, Meryl said, "Yeah. I'm pretty beat too." Meryl turned towards her mother. "Mom," she said softly, "you can sleep with us if you want to."

Sleeping with one of our parents would have been something new for us, but, if we were going to do it, Mrs. Cohen was the parent I would choose. Mrs. Cohen seemed to actually think about it for a moment. However, she just smiled and said, "Thank you, but no. That's going a bit too far."

I have to back up because we did something for July 4 that is worth telling. We were at Amanda's house in mid-June when Joan from the tennis team dropped by. She explained that her father was in the VFW, which always had a float in our town's July 4 parade. We were aware of the parade but always ignored it.

"Well," Joan said, "Dad told me that the VFW decided to 'sex up' their float this year. They want three girls on the float wearing this." Joan pulled a swimsuit out of her purse and held it up. It was an American flag design. The top was blue with some white stars. Just below the wearer's breasts, red and white vertical stripes ran down in a right-to-left curve as you looked at it.

"I told Dad that I'd do it if the two of you did," Joan said. "Then, I had an idea." Joan gave a slightly wicked smile. "I have a cousin who lives about two hours from here. He does bodypainting. He's really good."

Amanda asked, "Has he painted you?"

Joan looked shocked. "Of course not. He's my cousin. When he paints somebody, he paints their bare skin. Anyway, I was thinking that Jeff, my cousin, could probably paint the design of this suit on the two of you well enough that no one would notice. You could ride in the parade naked and no one would know. If you're up for it, that is."

Amanda looked at Meryl and grinned. There was no doubt in my mind that they were up for it. Amanda asked, "What about Harry?"

"Well," Joan replied, "it is pretty tough to paint a swimsuit onto a naked man and have it look like he's actually wearing one. I'd say that is particularly true in Harry's case. Harry, if you don't mind being clothed, they want about three guys on the float dressed up to represent some of our foreign wars."

After talking it through, we realized that Amanda and Meryl couldn't be painted one place and then taken to the parade assembly point because the bodypaint would smear or rub off. We needed an inside accomplice. That accomplice came in the form of Joan's dad, who was pretty cool and who thought what we were doing was funny, so long as his daughter wasn't naked.

The VFW planned to assemble its float at its lodge building because the parade assembly point was only a block and a half away. All of us, including Joan's cousin, showed up at the lodge early on July 4. With Joan wearing the suit, Jeff painted virtually identical replicas onto Amanda and Meryl. The only catch was that they couldn't sit down. As the other VFW guys showed up to prepare the float, I think that they all figured out that Amanda and Meryl were really naked, but they were all cool about it. At a distance, they looked dressed. However, up close, it was pretty obvious that they were naked and painted.

I was handed an old helmet, flak jacket, fatigue trousers, and a toy M-16 and told that I was representing Vietnam. I stripped off on the spot and changed into my costume. I did that in front of Amanda, Meryl, Joan, and Joan's dad. Joan apologized, "Harry, I'm sorry, but we couldn't figure away to get you on the float naked without getting into trouble."

When it came time to join the parade, we all mounted the float. In addition to Joan, Amanda, Meryl, and me, there were two young guys whom I didn't know supposedly representing Iraq and Afghanistan. They could tell that Amanda and Meryl were really naked, and were perfectly happy with that.

The parade went through our town's small business district. Our town was a pretty patriotic place, so the sidewalks on both sides of the street were jammed with people. We also had a reputation for having a good parade. None was ever more beautiful than this one, I thought.

As they confirmed later, Amanda and Meryl had a blast riding through the center of town wearing nothing but paint. I saw a few people point and gesture, but the parade went off without a hitch. Someone sent a letter to the editor of our local weekly paper, which ran a couple of weeks later, complaining about the naked girls on the VFW float. A week after that, the paper printed an emphatic, categorical, and completely false denial that there were naked women on the float from the local VFW commander.

I knew the VFW commander, who was a pretty good guy. When I asked him about his denial, he laughed and said, "Hell, Harry, we had to deny most of our best ops over in Nam. People died in those. This was just showing off some nice bare tits and pussy."

I ran into Joan again a few days after the parade. "I did it again, Harry."

"Did what?"

"I missed another opportunity to get naked in public with you guys."

"Shit, Joan, your dad would have killed at least us if you had gone nude on that float."

"Dad's bark is worse than his bite. He'd have forgiven us when he saw how much fun I was having. Damn! Once I'm off at school, I'm definitely going to find ways to go naked in public. Maybe we can all do it together when we're home next summer."

Meryl's departure for college came much more quickly than we wanted. It was really bittersweet because going to that university was a major accomplishment for anyone and would give Meryl a leg up for life.

Amanda and I helped Meryl pack the night before she and Sarah were to leave on the drive to New Haven. When we were done, we all sat crossed-legged on Meryl's bed. Meryl said, "This is odd. I feel excited to start a new part of my life, but I'm really sad to be leaving you guys." She started to tear up a little. "Promise me one thing: whatever you two do and wherever you go, you two will always stay together."

Amanda and I had never talked about the real long term future for our relationship. My mood improved greatly when I heard Amanda say, "Meryl, I'm never letting go of him. We'll still be banging each other when we have to do it with walkers. I'm not predicting the future, but I have a feeling that you won't be too far away."

We went to bed. Meryl and I made love, that's what it was, very slowly for a long time that night.

The next morning, we helped Sarah and Meryl load their car. Sarah was going to visit relatives in Syracuse for a few days after taking Meryl to school. Amanda and I had volunteered to housesit, watering plants and feeding the cat, while she was gone. Meryl hugged Amanda and then hugged me. Then she got into the car and was gone.

Amanda and I went back into the Cohen house to check on the cat. "Meryl will be fine," Amanda said.

"One thing that I've wanted to ask," I started, "is how it worked out that we had a three-way relationship and everyone was ok with it? I understand why it worked for me. I got to spend time with, and make love to, the two greatest women alive."

Amanda sat down. "Like most great things, it took work, Harry. I worked hard to persuade Meryl into the relationship. Don't get me wrong. She was very strongly attracted to you. She had figured out that she intimidated you some, so she was going to make the opening when school started last fall. When you and I hooked up last summer that screwed Meryl's plans."

"I suspected that Meryl was into you. However, she wasn't going to do anything because she didn't want to hurt me. This is a little tough to explain, but, I wanted you, I still do by the way. I wanted sex to be a part of our relationship. But Meryl is, along with Gwen, my dearest friend. I didn't want to spend our last year all together with a major part of your and my life together walled off from Meryl. It took me a long time to convince her that I really wanted her to be a complete part of our relationship. I'm sorry that I didn't convince her earlier. These last few months worked out exactly like I wanted them to. It was great wasn't it?"

"Yes dear, it was very great."

Amanda looked into my eyes. "Harry, you don't have to be afraid to say that you love Meryl. I love her too. Loving Meryl isn't at all a rejection of me. She has been a huge part of my life. By taking her into your life, you are just sharing something else that I hold dear." Yes, I did love Meryl. However, I really loved Amanda and the longer I knew her the stronger that became.

That night, we were lying naked in Meryl's bed. Amanda was messing around with her Ipad. "Oh, remember Monica from Florida?"

"The number one singles for HGA? Good player, good personality, lovely face, no body?"

"Well, I'm not so sure that she doesn't have a body, but that's the girl. She had e-mailed me a couple of days ago. I didn't mention it because we were so wrapped up in Meryl leaving. She had wanted to know whether I had any connection to W. Turner Construction, Inc. I e-mailed her back that it's my Dad's company. Look what she just sent."

Amanda handed me her Ipad. The e-mail was open. "Then it is your Dad and some others who are coming here next week to finalize the contract to build something for my Dad's company. Dad says they'll be in meetings from Tuesday through Friday. If you, and hopefully your friends, can come down too, I'll take you to the resort and we can have some naked time."

"When does Sarah get back?" I asked.

Amanda was smiling. "Sunday. Want to go?"

"Amanda, with you I'd go to Syria."

"Let me call Dad and see if it will work."

I could hear Amanda's half of the conversation with her father. I figured that we were going when she ended the conversation with "Great! Thank you so much."

Amanda turned to me. "We're leaving Tuesday morning and coming back Saturday morning. Dad decided to rent a private jet so we'll be leaving from Wright Field instead of the big airport. Dad is going along with four of his executives. Dad is fine if we fly down with them and stay with Monica. He just said that he'd be very busy and we shouldn't be offended if he doesn't have any time for us."

I smiled. "With all due respect to your father, I'd much rather spend time with you than him. Let me call my folks and clear it. There shouldn't be any problem." I called. There was no problem. We were off for a nude vacation in Florida the following Tuesday.

Amanda and I made love that night in Meryl's bed several times. We both knew that Meryl would approve.