Pet Ownership Ch. 01
byKY ridgerunner©

My wife, Kathy, and I are in out mid thirty's's. We dated in high school and then I went into the navy. We were a couple while I was enlisted but didn't marry until I got out. Kathy was free to have her experiences while I was gone as was I, so neither of us was totally inexperienced when we did get married. Our tenth anniversary is coming up soon. Kathy is tall at 5' 9" and has a body most twenty year olds would die for. She works hard to keep her body trim. She has dark auburn hair to just below her shoulders. All in all she is just drop dead gorgeous and still turns heads where ever we go.

I am just over 6' and may be showing signs of a small pot at 250 lbs but I'm still fit. Most people say we make a good looking couple. I'm not overly endowed but have a solid 8" cock. It is not as thick as a coke can or overly long but gets the job done and never failed to please the many women I have slept with.

On this Friday I got home before Kathy. Normally she gets home a half hour before me. I figured she got stuck at work or in traffic. She doesn't need to work I make a very nice salary. but she likes to be out in the world and not stay at home. I went and changed into my sweats as I normally do and was sitting have coffee and going through the mail at the table.

Kathy came through the door to the garage giggling like a school girl. She jumped when she saw me like a kid caught doing something wrong. Since she was playing the school girl I took on the role of daddy and said, "Ok, what have you been up to?"

She got this sheepish grin and said, "Nothing, really." Then she tried to look serious and continued, "You know how we always talked about getting a pet and how you hate cats and I don't like dogs?"

I got a stern look on my face and answered, "Yes."

Being the excited school girl again she said, "I think I found a pet we can both enjoy. I just know you'll love her."

My eyes flew open and I asked, "My God what have you brought home?"

She jumped for the door and said, "Her name is JoJo but you can change that. I just know you'll want to keep her." With that she disappeared out the door saying, "Let me go get her."

I just sat shaking my head. Two seconds later Kathy was back at the door holding a leash. The first thing I noticed was the angle of the leash. It didn't go down from her hand like it would with a small dog or something. Instead it went straight out from her hand and I thought, "What the hell has she brought home?" Kathy tugged the leash a couple times and the cutest belly button stepped into the door way. It was pierced with a gold ring and the leash was hooked to the ring. My field of vision drew back to take in the whole picture. There stood the most beautiful pixie I have ever seen. She was only 4' 11" with the face of an angel. She had thick golden blond hair which led me to believe she was not a true blond since most blonds hair is much thinner. Her golden hair cascaded down in curls to just below her tits. Her tits were huge, maybe on Kathy they would have been average but on her small frame they were big. In any case each was more than a hand full and I have big hands. Her tits were covered with a crop top that came just under her tits and the nipples were pushing through the thin top.

My eyes followed down her body to her flat tummy with the gold ring and wide hips. She was wearing the kind of skirt Paris Hilton would wear, more like a wide cloth belt that flared out on the bottom. For a small girl she had the most beautiful long shapely legs with high sandals laced up her calves. I heard my wife's voice some where in the background saying, "So, do you like her?" as she hands me JoJo's leash. All I could do was nod as I could not take my eyes away from this pixie goddess standing before me.

Again in a gentle but commanding voice I heard my wife say, "Show him what you have." One of JoJo's hands went to her top and the other to the hem of her skirt. In one motion both were pulled away. Her bare tits stood proud with the nipples hard and pointing right at me. She had on white panties cut high on her hips. My mind was a blur and it sounded so stupid when I heard the words come out of my mouth, "Oh, she does tricks?"

I heard my wife still in the background, "She knows lots of tricks but the fun is going to be teaching her new ones. Watch this one." In a gentle but commanding voice my wife says, "Come here!"

The vision before me disappears and the leash goes tight. I follow the leash and see these blond waves bobbing in my wife's pussy. Kathy has her skirt up to her waist without any panties on. I know she was wearing them when she left. I've asked her many times but she will not leave the house without panties. Now here she is standing with her foot up on the chair, her pussy wide open and exposed with another woman licking away at her. The sight before me has me in a daze and again I sound stupid as I say, "She seems to be very good at her tricks and she seems to enjoy them very much."

Kathy has her eyes closed and is almost to orgasm when she puts her hand on JoJo's head and says, "Stop." JoJo stops licking Kathy in mid stroke. Her tongue is still on Kathy's pussy but is not moving. Kathy opens her eyes and with a sly grin says, "Would you like to see just how good she is?" Then before I can say anything Kathy commands, "Go get him!"

In the blink of an eye I'm sitting there with my cock balls deep in this pixie goddess's mouth. Somehow she had managed to get my pants to my feet and my cock deep in her mouth and I never even felt her move. I was in shock, I thought she might bite it off she was so fast. The feel of her soft warm mouth soon put my fears away. Her mouth was every bit as beautiful as the rest of her. I couldn't pull my eyes away from my cock in JoJo's mouth but asked my wife, "So how long have you two been doing this?"

When she spoke I finally turned to see my wife with her skirt still held at her waist. She was playing with her own pussy watching JoJo doing her thing on my cock. Between pants she said, "Today was the first. She was so happy to find a place to stay that she wanted to show me how glad she was."

I looked back down at JoJo who was gently massaging my cock in her mouth. In a stunned voice I asked, "You mean she will be staying with us all the time, day and night?"

Kathy said, "Well that's what you do with a pet. They come and live with you." I still wasn't clear on this whole thing about owning another human being but then Kathy continued, "JoJo has another trick that may help you make up your mind. She says she can get any man off with her mouth in less than 30 seconds."

I was about to say that in my present state that wouldn't be much of a trick but just then Kathy yelled "Now!" What happened next blew me away. I don't know how she did it but JoJo took her tongue and wrapped it around my cock in her mouth and was jacking me off inside her mouth as she sucked me. Needless to say I did not last the 30 seconds. My explosion caught us both by surprise and as JoJo drank down every drop I had to offer Kathy said, "That's just how she likes it. Never tell her when you are going to cum just let it happen. She told me she loves it that way."

Well she got her wish and I came like I had never cum before. JoJo licked and sucked every drop. Even when I started going soft JoJo kept sucking and licking me. It was getting very sensitive and started to hurt. Kathy saw my pain and laughing said, "You have to tell her to stop or she will suck your cock all day long."

I was holding JoJo's head trying to push her away and all I could manage was a weak, "please." JoJo would not let go of my cock.

Kathy's voice came out loud and clear, Heal!"

Suddenly everything stopped and JoJo had her fingers laced together draped over my knee. Her head was resting on her hands. She was looking up at me with this happy satisfied smile and batting her eye lashes over her deep blue eyes.

I sat there stroking my fingers through JoJo's hair and was deep in thought. I didn't know what to make of all this. If anyone else spoke I didn't hear them. I finally looked over at Kathy who was just standing there with her skirt still at her waist. She looked like she just forgot to let it drop. Looking back down at JoJo I finally said, "I think Pet would be a good name for her." Then I turned back to Kathy who had finally dropped her skirt and was sitting down. It seemed every one was waiting to hear what I said next which was, "Maybe we can call her Pet and tell every one that she is your niece, Petra. We call her Pet for short and she will be staying with us for a while."

I couldn't believe the words were coming out of my mouth then music started playing and I realized that Pet had spoken for the first time since she entered the door. Her voice was like music when she said, "Uncle Dave, I think I like that. I have never belonged to a couple before but you two seem so nice. I think I will like living with Uncle Dave and Aunt Kathy." Then she looked up at me with her lip pouting and asked, "Does this mean I can stay Uncle Dave."

What could I say? I stroked her cheek and said, "We'll try it for a week and see how it goes." She jumped up on my lap and kissed me on the lips. My naked cock started to grow again under her. She held me tight and whispered in my ear, "You won't be sorry."

I kissed her on the cheek and squeezed her tight little butt. I pushed my coffee cup away and said, "I think we could all use something more than coffee." I got up to get some wine not realizing I still had Pet's leash. I got the glasses and turned to see her standing right behind me. Her eyes went down to the leash and I laughed. I handed her the glasses and got the wine. We walked back to the table and I never let go of the leash.

She sat the glasses down and I sat back in my chair. Pet went to sit at my feet again but I pulled her up by her hands and said, "Not now. I want you to sit here with us. I want to hear the whole story. I'm still not clear on how we came to "own" you." She sat in the chair between Kathy and me. I poured the wine and asked Kathy to start with how they came together.

Kathy took a sip of her wine and started with her part of the story. "JoJo" she smiled and put her hand on Pet's arm, "I mean Pet and I have been working together for about a year now. We hit it off right away and would spend our breaks and lunches together. After a couple months she must have felt comfortable enough with me to open up. She was telling me about the lifestyle of being a submissive. At first she made it sound very exciting not to be in control and just let things happen."

"A couple months ago she started holding back again. I finally got her to open up again and that's when the guy she was with started getting out of control. JoJo, I mean Pet, is not into S&M or B&D she just needs someone to tell her what to do and she will do anything they want and I mean anything. That's where her guy went power crazy. He had her doing all his friends, sometimes four and five at a time. He started treating her like a dog. He would slap her and hit her. I tried to tell her to get away from him but she always said she needed him and had no where to go."

"Well this morning things changed. when I got to work JoJo, Pet, was crying. I asked her what was wrong other that the usual. She said her man tossed her out this morning and wanted nothing more to do with her. She was glad to be away from him because he had gotten so abusive but was scared because she had no where to go. We talked for a while and after many tears she asked if I would take her as her owner."

"Needless to say that took me by surprise. She said that she had never been owned by a woman before and it had to be better than the two guys that had owned her. I told her that being married I didn't think that would work out. She laughed and said we could both share her. It was like a light went on for both of us at the same time. We both stopped laughing and just looked at each other. She kissed me on the lips and whispered in my ear that she could be good for both of us."

"The rest of the day J-Pet was giddy as a school girl and I was scared to death. What had I agreed to? What was I getting us into without talking to you. How was I going to explain all this to you and what would be your reaction? By the end of the day I was ready to call the whole thing off but seeing how happy and bouncy Pet was I couldn't tell her I had changed my mind."

"We started driving to her place to get what little she had. You know I have never been with another woman or even thought about it. As we drove Pet was rubbing my leg causing my skirt to go higher and higher as she told me how happy she was. Her kiss kept coming back to my mind. I don't have to tell you how hot I was and how wet I was when we got to her place. We found all her things in the back yard. We were laughing and playing as we went about picking them up and putting them in the back of the SUV. Once everything was picked up Pet grabbed me and pulled me into the back seat and that is where she showed me how glad she was. She pulled my panties off and went down on me and I had two orgasms before I knew what hit me. My panties are still somewhere in the car. I haven't returned the favor yet but it is something I am thinking a lot about."

I had been watching Kathy the whole time she was talking. I mindlessly played with the leash in my hand. I would wrap in around my hand till it went tight then unwrap it and go the other way. I looked at Pet and started to say something when I saw her belly was pulled out a good 3". Forgetting she was on the other end of the leash I said, "Oh, I'm so sorry."

Pet laughed and said, "Now that is something I don't often hear. It's alright. I was confused at first. When someone pulls my chain, so to speak, they want me to do something. When I figured out you were just playing I relaxed and started to enjoy it."

I started to say I was sorry again but Pet put her finger to my lips and stopped me. Regaining my control I looked at her and said, "Let me get this right. Anything that Kathy or I ask you to do you will do no mater what?"

She smiled and said, Yes, there are some things I prefer not to do but no there is nothing I won't do if you tell me. Just so we are on the same page here, you never ask me to do something, you tell me to do it."

I looked at her questioningly and asked, "So if I ask, I mean, told you to stand and strip naked right now and show me your pussy, you would do it?"

To answer the question Pet pulled her top over her head as she stood up. Her tits were bouncing in my face. I was hoping she would turn around to pull her skirt and panties off so her pussy would be in my face but she was pointed at Kathy. I think she knew I was hooked and wanted to make sure Kathy was hooked as well. It must have worked because Kathy was licking her lips as she stared at Pet's ass and pussy. She tried to turn all the way around showing us her naked body but I still had the leash. So she turned half way and bent over showing me what had Kathy licking her lips, then turned back facing me.

I reached out and stroked her bare pussy and said, "I see you keep it bare. That will stop. as you can see from Kathy's bush I like hair on my pussy."

She smiled and walked toward me and sat on my lap. I am naked from the waist down and she is now totally naked. She rubbed her bare pussy on my hard cock and said, "It wasn't my idea to shave it." Then she got a wicked grin and said, "You want to see if I'm a true blond, well I am and I'd love to show it to you." She kissed my lips lightly and asked, "Any more questions?"

I lightly smacked her ass and said, "Sit down I have a million questions." As she sat back in her chair I asked,"So how did you get to be this way? How did it all start?"

Before Pet had a chance to start Kathy got up and said, "I've heard this so I'll go change and leave the two of you alone." She gave me a deep wet kiss and stroked my cock before leaving.

Now it was Pet's turn to tell the story. "It started with my parents." She saw the look of concern on my face and said, "No, no nothing like that. They were very very strict. By the age of 5 I had learned to not say or do or even think anything with out their permission. I was home schooled so I didn't have anyone except them. I became totally dependant on them. As a teen I was doing all the cooking and cleaning. I'm a very good cook. Some say I cook as well as I fuck. At 19 I was still a virgin and more or less waiting on my parents hand and foot."

"They left me home one day to get the house ready for a party they were having that night. they drove away and I never saw them again. They were killed in an auto accident. A long time friend of the family named Bud, knew my situation and saw how helpless I was with out them. He took me in and it was nice having him to tell me what to do. They say that power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely. After about six months Bud realized how much power he had over me."

"He was the one who took my cherry and was none to gentle about doing it. I was soon not only his house slave but his sex slave as well. He taught me how to blow someone, how to fuck with my pussy and my ass. He shared me with his friends both men and women. That's how I learned to eat pussy. After about a year and a half he was tired of me being so dependant on him and traded me for a 65 mustang that was not even in that good of a condition. I don't know what hurt more that he no longer wanted me or that he thought I was only worth a 65 mustang in bad condition."

"That's how I wound up with Jack. He was one of the nicer friends Bud shared me with so I was not that upset about going with him. I was 21 then so things were some what different. At first we were more like boyfriend and girlfriend, I was no longer a virgin and I was 21 so we went out together and had sex a lot. His friends would hit on me and I would turn them down until they started hitting on me in front of Jack. The first time he told me to go with one of his friends if I wanted to, I told him I would only if he told me to do it. He put 2 and 2 together and saw I would do what ever he told me."

"I was almost 22 by then and things started to change. Jack started to get to be like Bud was. He shared me with his friends like Bud but he started getting worse. He started drinking more and would come home and slap me around for no reason. There was nothing I could do that was right for him any more. The worse was when he would come home and act as though I wasn't even there. I don't think I could say that I loved him but I was dependant on him and wanted him."

"It got to the point where he would not give me anything even food. I had to get a job just to eat. Since the only people I knew were the ones brought over for me to fuck I had no social skills. I had no job skills other than cooking and cleaning. I got a job for minimum wage cleaning the office where your wife works. Most people didn't even notice me which was fine by me. Then I met Kathy and something just clicked. She was nice to me and wanted to know me. No one had ever wanted to know about me and it took some time before I could talk openly with her. I'm glad I did because it brought me here and I feel good about the two of you."

To say the lest that was a lot to absorb and I sat there looking at this beautiful woman and could not think how she had been treated. Like a father I said to her, "Some day you will want to get married and have your own family."

She got up and came to sit on my lap. Where we connected, we were both naked. She was wet and I was hard. She slid her pussy back and forth on my cock and asked, "Can't you give me a baby when the time comes?"

Every time she slid back the tip of my cock would just ease into her slightly. It was all I could do not to slam my cock deep into her. We started kissing and between kisses I said, "I can't do that for you. Kathy and I had that taken care of a long time ago."


Pet Ownership Ch. 02
byKY ridgerunner©

Day One, The Training Begins

By the time we got to the bedroom Kathy was already spread out on the bed. With Pet bouncing up and down on my cock I was ready to shoot any second. I got to the foot of the bed and I picked Pet up off my cock. When I set her down she turned and dove between Kathy's legs and started lapping away at her pussy. I walked up behind her and shoved my cock balls deep back into Pet's pussy. This was our first real three-way and the whole concept along with everything else had me shooting into Pet in no time.

When I pulled out of Pet she climbed on the bed without taking her mouth off Kathy's pussy. She had her pussy dripping with all my cum right over Kathy's mouth. Kathy grabbed Pet's hips and brought her pussy to her mouth.The rest of the night was spent doing everything three people can do to each other. Some things we did twice until we all passed out in the wee hours of the morning.

I normally am an early riser but when my eyes began to open the sun was coming through the window and the clock said almost nine. I looked around the room and saw Kathy sleeping soundly but didn't see Pet any where. I pulled the covers back and started stroking my morning hardon. After last night I didn't expect to have anything left. I closed my eyes stroking myself remembering last night. When I opened my eyes there was blonde hair and just two deep blue eyes looking at me over the foot of the bed. I continued to stroke my cock and with the other hand motioned for Pet to come up on the bed.

Like a cat stalking it's prey she slowly crawled over the foot of the bed and up my legs. I took my hand off my cock and her mouth was on my cock before I even got my hand away. I have learned in the last few hours that Pet has three stages in her blowjobs. Stage one is gently massaging you with her tongue. It feels fantastic and she can go for hours but you will never cum. That's the stage she was using on me now. Stage two is more aggressive with a lot of bobbing and twisting. This will always get you off but it is a long slow pleasure. When I started moaning how good she was and how good it felt and started pumping into her mouth she jumped to stage two. This is the best blowjob any man will ever receive but I just wanted to get off now.

Stage three, she says she can get any man off in under 30 seconds. I don't know about that, I've never lasted more than 10 maybe 15 seconds at the most. I remember when I first met Pet, Kathy gave her a command, what was it? Oh, I remember. I looked down at Pet and softly said, "Now." She looked up at me and smiled. I just nodded. She wrapped her tongue around my cock and just remembering last night I was gone. This time I didn't last 5 seconds. I know from painful experience that she will not stop until you tell her to. I put my hand on her head and softly said, "stop" not wanting to wake Kathy. She stopped right away but held my cock in her mouth a few more seconds. Laying between my legs licking my cock she smiled and said, "Now that I've had breakfast how about if I go to the kitchen and fix you something to eat?"

I swung my leg over her head to get out of bed and said,"That sounds good. I think I'm going to need the energy. First I want to grab a quick shower. I'll meet you in the kitchen."

That had to be the fastest shower I have ever taken. I didn't want to miss watching that little naked pixie goddess cooking breakfast. When I got to the kitchen she had the coffee going and was at the stove making bacon and eggs. I pulled one of Kathy's aprons out and put it over her head covering her tits. I kissed her cheek saying, "I don't want these big puppies to get burned, then I couldn't play with them." She grabbed my head and pulled me into a deep soulful lovers kiss. Her naked body melted into mine. She broke the kiss and lightly tapped my ass and told me to sit down.

I was mesmerized by this naked minx waltzing around the kitchen. She filled the room with the sent of wild flowers and the glow coming from her lit the room. She was a walking work of art. I just couldn't believe the life she has had to turn out like this. She is always happy and bouncing and so willing and able to please. I can see that her sexual abilities are only a small part of who she is.

A movement caught my eye and brought me out of my thoughts. She just pulled the apron over her head and was bringing two plates to the breakfast bar. I was sitting on one of the stools and she sat next to me after putting a plate in front of me. She was sitting on the stool next to me with her feet on the top rung so her legs were together. I reached down and lightly pulled her knee open. She moved her foot over to the rung on the side. I jokingly told her, "Never sit like a lady with me. That's for when we go out and you are never to wear panties when we go out. I want to be able to see this pussy anytime." I softly stroked her pussy and said, "No one sees this unless I want them to." She laughed and opened her legs even more.

She reached for my leg pulling it open saying, "What's good for the goose?"

We both ate one handed while the other hand stroked and petted the others body. When we finished Pet cleared the counter and got more coffee for us. We sat there totally open and exposed to the other. I was lightly rubbing her pussy as she did the same to my cock. We just sat and talked. I learned so much about her, her dreams and hobbies. Where she grew up and what it was like. Once she opened up it all came flooding out. It was as if she had waited all her life to share with someone.

Pet jumped off her stool and ran past me saying, "Good morning Aunt Kathy."

I turned and Pet and Kathy were kissing. Pet was on her tip toes and Kathy had to bend down to kiss her. They were both playing with the other's tits. It was the first time I saw them kissing standing up. Kathy looked so tall and Pet was so tiny. Kathy came and sat where Pet was. Pet asked what she wanted for breakfast and Kathy said, "Just give me what you gave Dave." Pet looked at me with a wicked smile and I just nodded. Pet took Kathy's knees and pulled them wide apart and dove into her pussy.

Kathy was caught by surprise and put her elbows on the counter and her head fell back. I kissed her cheek and told her, "While Pet takes care of that I'll start your eggs."

Kathy was already moaning and said, "The service here is great. I'm going to come here more often."

I was fixing her eggs and replied, "There aren't may places you can go and eat and be eaten at the same time. I think you will be cuming here a lot, any minute now."

Kathy started getting into in now as she started moaning softly and got louder and louder, "Oh God this girl is good. Oh God this girl is great. This girl is fantastic .... This girl is making me CCCCuuuuummmm........ Oh God!!!!"

Kathy put her hand on Pet's head and told her to stop. When Pet pulled her head away Kathy turned and fell forward on the counter just as I put her plate down saying, "Perfect timing, your breakfast is ready."

Kathy turned and looked at me with this "you bastard" look and said, "Give me a minute, you know how good she is." Pet and I were laughing as we sat on either side of Kathy. As soon as Kathy was back to normal she dove into the food like she was starving. By now it was after 11 and the women got dressed to go shopping. They were both looking good and Pet came to me with her little pout and in her little girl voice asked, "Aren't you coming with us Uncle Dave?"

I stroked her cheek and said, "Not this time Pet. This is a time for just the two of you to get closer. Maybe I'll go next time."

She walked a few feet away and turned and flipped the front of her skirt up showing me she was not wearing panties. She said, "You don't know what you're missing. I can be one hell of a tease. I've already corrupted your wife."

I looked at Kathy and she pulled up her skirt and there was no panties. I just shook my head and asked, "I've been trying for ten years to get Kathy to go out without her panties and you do it in less than one day? What did you do to her?"

Pet walks over to Kathy and plays with her exposed pussy and says, "While we were getting dress I just showed her how we were going to tease all the young guys at the mall. She got so hot I had to get her off before she could leave."

I walked over to Kathy and while kissing her I join Pet playing with Kathy's pussy. I whisper in Kathy's ear, "Life as we knew it is over. Should I call Dick and Jackie?" All Kathy could do was nod. I kissed her again then kissed Pet. Pet pulled us all into a three-way kiss. When we broke the kiss and removed our hands from Kathy's pussy I smiled and said, "I'll set up for next Saturday." Again all Kathy could do was nod, then they left to go "shopping".

Once the girls left the house seemed so empty but it was the first time in nearly a day I could collect my thoughts. In the last 12 hours or so I had fucked another woman other than my wife for the first in 10 years, and more than once. I got the most fantastic blowjobs from a woman other than my wife, all while my wife watched and encouraged us. I watched a woman eat out my wife and then watched my wife do the same to her. I watched my wife of 10 years eat her first cream pie and loved it. we even did some three-way action. Now I'm sitting here with the phone in my hand getting ready to call our friends to tell them we would like to join them sexually while my wife is out showing off her bare pussy to any one who wants to see it. Believe me every man and most of the women will want to see it. All in all I would have to say our lives have changed.

My next thought caught me off guard. I had this perfect beautiful pixie goddess coming back here expecting me to control and command her. All of a sudden my mind took off with millions of things I want her to do to us and with us and for us. There were so many I had to stop and just decided to take it one step at a time. Like Pet said she will be learning to be our pet as much as we'll be learning to have her as a pet.

The women were back home in just over three hours, a new record for Kathy. I didn't expect to see her till Tuesday. They caught me by surprise my thought on how I was going to handle Pet were not totally set yet They came through the door to the garage giggling like a couple school girls. They stopped dead in their tracks when they saw me. They didn't expect me to be sitting there and I wasn't expecting them back for hours. I was sitting there in just an open robe having coffee. I had just gotten out of the shower. Then they both broke out laughing. I looked up and asked, "What happened? I didn't expect to see you for a couple days."

Kathy was trying to talk and laugh at the same time. She said, "Your niece has me so worked up I had to get home for some fucking in the worse way."

Laughing I said, "You should have gotten one of the guys to take care of you because I don't know how to fuck in the worse way. I only know how to do it right."

Pet took a minute to think about that and came over and flipped up her short skirt and sat her naked pussy on my naked cock and said, "Well, you wife has me so worked up I had to come hone for a good fucking. I know you can do that because every time you fuck me it is good."

I put my arms around Pet and felt a chain around her waist and asked, "What is this?"

Pet got up and pulled her shirt up to well past her tits to show me a gold chain that wrapped around her twice and both ends hooked into her belly ring. She unhooked one end and unwrapped it saying, "It's a new leash Aunt Kathy bought me. When you're not using it I can just wrap it around me and I always have it with me."

I pulled the chain a couple times and told her, "I like the chain and want you to always wear it just in case but I don't like always pulling on your belly ring. I afraid I'm going to rip something. Is there anything else we could use?"

Pet's eyes lit up and she said, "I made myself a macrame collar but Jack didn't like it and wouldn't let me wear it."

I told her, "Well go get it and let's see it. While you're at it put on one of the outfits I requested. I want to see how you look in it." Pet bent down and kissed me and went bouncing off. I yelled after her, "Don't be long I think I'll need your services while Kathy tells me about your adventure."

I looked back at Kathy and I got very concerned. She looked very worried. She walked toward me and I couldn't resist pulling up her skirt to see if she didn't have panties on. She pushed her skirt down and pushed away my hand. This surprised me so I asked her, "What's wrong? I thought you had fun today?"

She ran her fingers through my hair and said, "I think Pet had fun today but for me it was more like a life changing day. It scared me, it scared me because I enjoyed it so much. I let a strange man put his fingers in my pussy today in the middle of a shoe store. I'm not the same woman you married 10 years ago. The problem is that I could never go back to the way I was even if you wanted me to. I just hope that you'll still love the woman I am becoming and I want you to promise me one thing. Promise me that you won't let me get out of control. After today I see I could very easily. Promise me!"

I didn't know what to think. I pulled her to me so she had to stand over my legs. I looked up into her eyes and pulled her down on my lap. Her pussy was as wet as I've ever seen it and my cock was rock hard so as she sat down I slid right into her. I pulled her into a tight hug and whispered to her, "What if I show you how much I love you right now?" She started bouncing up and down on my cock and after only about five strokes she exploded the same way Pet did that first night. Kathy has never been a gusher but it felt like she was peeing she was cuming so much. Once I felt she could hear me I whispered, "I don't think I could ever get enough of the woman you are becoming."

Kathy moans in my ear and takes one more stroke and starts gushing all over again. As the cum is gushing out of her pussy the words come gushing out of her mouth, "I love you, I love you, oh do I love you."

For fear of setting off another gusher I picked Kathy up and walked to the living room. I sat on the couch and Kathy sat laying back against me. When she was calm again I said, "I have got to hear what happened in just three short hours. This has got to be good. Oh, by the way we are all set with Dick and Jackie for Saturday night." Kathy ripped her top off and pulled me down into the wettest hottest kiss we have ever shared. I thought to my self, "Things can only get better from here, thank you Pet."

We were still kissing when Pet came back. She must have been there a while because we heard that little get your attention cough. We turned and I could not believe what I saw. I would have sworn that you could not improve on Pet naked. She is the prime example of what God had in mind when her created woman. Naked, Pet looks so young and innocent but now she just looked so fuckable. She picked a light blue bra and panties. The boy shorts make her look so desirable. She had the collar she made herself and it was beautiful. You could see all the work she put into it. It was about an inch or inch and a half choker with a gold ring tied into the center. From the choker it flowed out in an elaborate lacy neckless that looked like something a native American would wear. It came to just where her tits started. Her new gold chain was hooked to the ring in the choker. As she turned all the way around to show us the full effect, all I could say was, "My God you're beautiful

She took a stance and looked at me as if to say, "No shit."

I laughed and said, "It's perfect. That's what I want to see when I come home every night. That and this beautiful pussy" as I pull up Kathy's skirt. I pulled Kathy's legs open and an idea came to me. I looked at Pet as I lightly stroked Kathy's pussy. I said, "Do you have any idea what you did to your Aunt today?" Pet looked very puzzled and I said, "Come here!" Pet knew the command and was in Kathy's pussy in a flash. I knew Kathy would start gushing as soon as Pet's mouth touched her.

Pet only got about two licks when Kathy went off again. She put her hand under Kathy so as not to miss any and said, "Aunt Kathy you're flowing." Pet quickly went back to work on Kathy's pussy. She licked up all that was in her hand and then drank the rest straight from Kathy's pussy. Kathy slid off the couch and she and pet were in a 69 with Kathy on top. As much as I wanted to watch Kathy eating Pet I could not resist watching Kathy's pussy as it flooded Pet's mouth.

Kathy's pussy started to slow down and I figured it was a good time to give Pet that good fucking she asked for. I got between Pet's legs and pulled her new panties off for the first time. Kathy guided my cock into Pet's pussy. As my cock skid into Pet, Kathy crawled up my body and kissed me. She pulled her pussy away from Pet.s mouth and was straddling Pet's body. Kathy's pussy was rubbing on Pet's pussy as I fucked her. Needless to say it was not long before I was filling Pet's pussy with my cum. When I was totally empty I fell back and Kathy dove in to clean out Pet's pussy.

I left the women all but passed out on the floor. I went to get us some wine. When I returned they were sitting with their backs against the couch and their heads leaning on each other. I handed Kathy her glass of wine and said, "So tell me about this three hour shopping trip that was so life changing."

Kathy took a sip of her wine and started her story. "It started when we were getting dressed to go. I started to put on my panties and Pet asked why I was putting them on. I told her I never go out without my panties. As she walked to me she told me you had forbid her to wear any when she goes out. I told her you always tried to get me to go without but that I never would. Pet pulled my panties off and said that today I was going without and she was going to teach me to be a #1 tease. She said she knew you would enjoy it and as I would soon find out it was for my own enjoyment as well."

"She started telling me how the other guys like to show her off and how much she would get off on it. She said that the guys never cared if she enjoyed it or not so she never let on that she did. She had a feeling that you would be different and would enjoy both of us exposing ourselves. The whole idea was getting to me and since I would not be alone I was getting very wet just thinking about it. That's when I told Pet to get me off before we left. When I lifted my skirt to show you I didn't have panties on I was very embarrassed. Knowing that you knew I was going out without panties had me scared and very excited all at the same time. So that's how I came to leave the house with out my panties."

I had pulled Pet's chain and brought her to my lap where she was gently licking my cock as Kathy talked. I looked at Kathy and said, "You better not plan on stopping there. There is this whole three hour thing and didn't you say something about some strange man putting his fingers in your pussy. I think you have a lot more to tell."

Kathy had her skirt pull up toying with it flashing her pussy and teasingly said, "Oh, you want the whole story." She winked at Pet and they both started to laugh. Kathy settled back with her pussy fully exposed and continued, "Ok, here's the rest of the story.

"As soon as we got in the car Pet pulled her skirt up to her waist and told me to do the same. When I didn't react right away she pilled it up for me. She said, "Since you drive an SUV no one can see us except an 18 wheeler but it is still sexy that just maybe some one can. Now I have a small problem here, Uncle Dave said no one could see my pussy unless he said it was ok. I would have a hard time teaching you what I want to teach you if no one can see our pussy, and since you are half owner." It was the fact that she said our pussy, I was so excited by now I would have agreed to anything so I told her she had my permission to do what ever she felt necessary to educate me."

"Pet said she wanted to go to Victoria Secret first since she didn't know how long it would take and she had to do that for you first. As luck would have it your request is the hottest thing now so they had several different ones. I don't think any of Pet guys ever shopped for her there because she was taken back by the prices. I told her not to worry about the price and just to find something she looked good in. I thought to myself that anything in here would good great on her. For the first time I was looking at another woman in a very sexual way. We found some panties that looked good as she held them up so we went to find a bra to match. She took the set to change and came out to show me, and anyone else that wanted to look, how it fit."

"I saw the way you looked at Pet when she came out wearing them. Well that's how I felt looking at her in the store. I whispered to her that she looked so hot I was ready to cum right there. She asked if it would have the same effect on you and I assured her it would. With out even taking them off she walked to the saleswoman and simply said, "Could you get me one of these in each color. I need 7 altogether and my Aunt will pay for them." Then she went to change. The saleslady looked at me funny until I pulled out my card and reminded her we need 7 in different colors."

"Pet was dressed and joined me just as I was signing for the package. I thought she would choke when she saw she just spent over $1,000.00 for underwear. I guided her out of the store still in shock and told her, "It might cost a thousand dollars but Uncle Dave will think you look like a million. That brought a smile back and she took control of my education."

"The store was on the second level and as we walked out Pet went to the glass rail outside the store. She leaned on the rail looking down at the lower level so I did the same. She started talking, I guess to distract me, "I don't understand your husband. He just spent a lot of money on panties I am not allowed to wear out and he will probably take off me as soon as he gets home. The only person that will see me in them will be me."

"I turned to face her but she pushed back facing the rail. She hooked her foot around my leg and pulled my legs open. I started to say something but she stopped me and said, "See that old guy down there?" I looked and there was a nice looking man that had to be about 50, I nodded. She smiled and said, "You're going to be the high point of his day when he looks up."

"I looked back at the man and asked, "How do you know he will look up?"

"She laughed and said, "He's a man, he can't not look." Sure enough he glanced up and wasn't sure he was seeing what he thought he saw. He looked again and soon was sitting down staring up at us. Just as if nothing was going on Pet asked me, "What were you going to tell me about Uncle Dave and the panties?"

"It took me a couple minutes to get my thoughts back, "I told you how I felt looking at you in those and I know Dave will feel the same way but how do you feel seeing yourself in them?"

"She did a little spin which opened her skirt more for our friend down below. She said, "Oh god I feel like a queen, I feel so beautiful and so sexy."

I just smiled and said, "That's why he bought them."

"She turned back to the rail and put her arms on it. I don't think any one ever did any thing for her. It was always what they could get from her. I know she was going to cry but suddenly bust out laughing. I followed her eyes and the old man's wife had come back and looked up to see what he was staring at. She smacked him in the arm and drug him out of the mall. I had to laugh as well. Pet turned to me and said, "Two more places to go. With a wicked grin she said she was hungry and I knew she had something up."

"I never thought of the food court in a sexual way but as we walked into the large round area I noticed that the man, and I must have been a man, who designed this is as much of a pervert as my husband. The food court is in the middle of the mall with four wings going off in each direction. The food stands were all around the outside. It's on the lower level and the center of the court is like a pit with an open set of stairs going up in the center of the pit. Around the pit was a counter facing in to the pit. There were bar stools at the counter and it was totally open under the counter. As many times as I have cone to this mall I never knew it was a voyeurs paradise. Pet was well aware of the possibilities."

"We got a couple drinks and went to sit at the counter. Pet kept up the normal conversation as she looked around the pit. During all this we talked a great deal. I learned a lot about her and she had many questions about us. Pet found what she was looking for, three collage boys taking advantage of the view from the pit. You can't go anywhere with Pet and not be noticed. It wasn't long before the three boys were looking in our direction. Pet told me not to look directly at them and to just keep talking. Just two women out for a day at the mall."

"I noticed Pet slide off her stool so one foot was on the floor and the other was still on the bar stool. Of course this opened her skirt totally to the guys and without looking at them made it all seen unintentional. Pet told me to do the same. I told her I could never do something like that. She started laughing out loud like I had just told her a joke and poked me playfully. That threw me off balance and I had to open my legs to catch myself. She looked at me and said, "So I guess you can do something like that." Looking out of the corner of my eye I could see that the guys were enjoying not only Pet's pussy but mine as well. It made me feel good that I could turn on these young studs, it also made me hot. Pet kissed my cheek and said, "I think you just turned them on to the joys of an older woman. That's four guys that are going to be thinking about you when they jack off tonight."

"Pet turned on her stool pulling her pussy away from their view and said, "One more stop and you'll be a total cock tease." It took me a little longer to pull myself away, but I almost fell off the stool when Pet said, "I think we need some new shoes."

"I knew what pet had in mind by now and was all for it. I think the guys Pet has been with were cheep at least when it came to her. I looked at her and thought it was such a shame, she is so beautiful men would throw money at her just to be in her presence. I told Pet we were going someplace different. We left that mall and drove to an upscale mall where they carter to rich women that expect to be waited on."

"There were many small shops all very riche. Pet said she had never been here before and was in awe as we walked to the shoe store. I told her she would be shopping here a lot now. We got to the shoe store and this time of day there aren't many people in the mall. Other than one lady paying for her shoes, we were the only ones there. Pet was surprised when we entered the store. there were two rows of chairs, one facing the front and one behind them. There are samples of all the different shoes but no stacks of boxes."

"A very nice well dressed young man came up to us and asked if he could help us. I told him my niece was looking for 4-5" sandals that wrap around the calf and I wasn't sure of her size. He told us to have a set and he would bring out samples and measure Pet's foot. Of course we took seats facing the back of the store."

"Pet was intimidated by the posh surroundings and was sitting with her legs crossed, very much the lady. The young man got down in front of Pet and took her shoe off. She let him hold her foot but kept her legs tightly together. The young man, we found out was named John, tickled her foot and told her to relax. He jokingly told her, "I won't bite ...... unless you want me to." Pet looked at me with a shocked look on her face and I just nodded."

"She relaxed somewhat and her legs parted only slightly. John took her measurement and complimented her on her tiny feet. He said he would be right back with a couple styles. When he left Pet asked me what kind of place this was, she was thinking maybe a little flashing but now. I said, "I only come here to shop as you know I have never done anything like this. My skirt is never this short and I always wear or wore panties. I'm sure they have gotten a glimpse but I never showed off like some women do. You would be surprised what I've seen here. They all try to act discrete but I've seen a woman rubbing the salesman's cock with her bare foot while he was trying to put a shoe on her other foot. I watched as the salesman has fingered the woman if she wants."

"Pet looked surprised and excited when she asked, "How would you let him know it was alright?"

"I laughed and said, "From what I've been able to observe, if you open your legs it says it is ok to look. If you open your legs and slide forward it gives them permission to do more. Other than that I don't know it's just what I've seen."

"I was still sitting there with my legs crossed watching Pet. John came back with two shoes for her to try on. Again he got down in front of her but this time she opened her legs wider for him to put the shoe on her. John slipped the shoe on her foot and started wrapping the straps up her leg telling her how beautiful her legs were. Pet opened her legs much wider and John said, "That is very beautiful also. As you might guess I have seen many working here but yours is one of the most beautiful."

"Pet surprised me when she grabbed my knee and said, "If you think mine is nice you should see my Aunt's." She pulled my legs wide open and John was looking at my naked pussy. Again I was surprised when John's mouth flew open and he said, My God that is stunning." John's hand was still on Pet's thigh as she slid forward. His hand slowly moved up her leg and his other hand started moving up mine as well. With out thinking I slid forward too and the next thing I know John's fingers are brushing against my pussy lips. I could only assume he was doing the same to Pet."

"Suddenly his fingers were gone and he was pulling Pet to her feet saying, "Try this one out and see how you like it." I sat there with my legs still wide open now knowing what just happened. Pet walked around testing the shoe. She pulled up her skirt as though she was looking over the hem to see the shoes. She sat back down and asked to try the other ones and the whole thing started again. Once he had the sandal laced up his hand was moving up my leg again but this time his finger went right into my pussy. He bent his finger forward and bingo right on my G-spot. I jerked back in the chair and told him, "I think we'll take both pair today. Since Pet didn't bring many shoes with her we will have to come back for many more. A woman can't have too many shoes."

"His finger was still inside Pet and he slowly pulled it out, unlaced her shoes and said, "I'll have these at the register when you're ready. Then he left. Pet was still sitting on the edge of seat as if his fingers were still in her. She looked at me and said, "Let's get home I need a good fucking right now." We both laughed and here we are both in need of another good fucking just telling you about it."

Pet was still gently playing with my cock as we listened to Kathy tell her story. I playfully spanked Pet's ass and said, "I think we could all use something to eat. Why don't you go see what you can fix while I take your aunt. into the bedroom and fuck her brains out." Looking down at Pet I asked, :You don't mind if I fuck my own wife do you?"

Pet kissed my cock as she got up and said, "No problem Uncle Dave, I'm sure there will plenty for me later." Then she kissed Kathy and told her to enjoy herself and went to the kitchen.

I held out my hand to Kathy and led her to the bed room. This was the first time we had been alone since Pet moved in. We had the most outrageous sex ever. After I came I kept fucking her and never went soft. I even managed to cum again before we were through. I jump into the shower and heard Kathy calling Pet. I found out later that when Pet came into the room Kathy told her that I had put two big loads into her. She said she didn't want to drip on the floor or on the chair and asked Pet to clean her up. That's how I found them when I got out of the shower. I watched for a minute then asked, "Is this what we are all having or did you fix something else?"

Pet looked up and said, "Diner is ready we'll be right there."

As I walked out of the room I told Pet, "Maybe you should dress for diner."

She knew what I meant and Kathy told her, "I told you Dave would love you in that outfit."

Pet Ownership Ch. 03
byKY ridgerunner©

Chapter 3: Home Movies

Sitting at the table naked I felt like a king waiting for my queen and princes. Soon they walked through the door. Not only had Pet dressed for diner but Kathy as well. They both looked beautiful. Diner was fantastic. Pet again proved her skill in the kitchen was every bit as good as her skill in the bedroom, and every other room in the house. The diner conversation went from one extreme to the other, from love and hate, to sex to food to past experience to future goals. I confided to the women that my greatest fear was to wake up and find this was all a dream. To prove to myself that this was real I wanted home movies of our new pet and what tricks she can do. I thought they would both balk at any evidence of our activities but just the opposite they both thought it was a great idea.

What started out as a jest turned into one wild night of sex. After clearing the table Pet came and sat on my lap. She put her arms around me and said, "The only bad part about the movie is I have to get dressed" she kissed me then said, "but then you or Aunt Kathy will get to undress me, maybe even both of you."

I told the women to get dressed while I sat up the cameras. Pet said she wanted me to get dressed like I was going to work. She wanted to show me just what to expect when I get home Monday from a hard day at work and she wanted it all on tape. The women went to change while I set up the video camera. I also got the digital camera. By the time I was done setting everything up the women came back in the living room. Pet smacked my ass and pushed me down the hall for me to change into the clothes I wear to work.

I felt stupid getting dressed for work on a Saturday night but I knew I wouldn't be wearing them long. When I came back Pet was sitting, not so lady like, on the couch and Kathy was doing an off screen interview. Pet was flashing her little white panties as she answered Kathy's questions.

Kathy: "So you are a live-in for the Davidson's?"

Pet: "I guess you could say that. I just moved in last night."

Pet was looking into the camera and Kathy was watching Pet so neither saw me come back so I held there just to see where this would go.

Kathy: "So what are your duties here?"

Pet: "Well when Aunt Kathy and Uncle Dave are at work I do the cleaning and laundry. I also do all the cooking." Kathy: "You call them Aunt and Uncle?"

Pet: "That was Dave's idea. If anyone questions my living here we tell them I am Kathy niece, Petra, and I'm staying with them for a while."

Kathy: "So that's where you got the name Pet?"

Pet: "Sort of, I mean that's what we tell people but really that's what I am, a live-in pet."

Kathy: "You're their pet? What is expected of a pet?"

Pet: "When they're home I do what ever I'm told to do."

Kathy: "Even sex?"

Pet: "Of course sex, that's what it is all about."

Kathy: "So you do what ever you are told?"

Pet: "That's right?"

Kathy: "So if I told you to hold up your skirt for the camera and show your panties. I don't mean teasing like you have been doing I mean to just pull your skirt up and put your panties on full display."

Pet: Pulling her skirt up and holding it so her panties are showing for the camera, "You mean like this?"

Kathy: "Yes just like that. Now what if I told you to pull the panties aside and show your pussy?"

Pet: "No problem." She pulls her panties aside and says, "Do you want me to play with my pussy or do you want to play with it?"

Kathy: "Just stroke it for now while we talk. So what is Uncle Dave Like?"

Pet: She starts playing with her pussy as she answers. "Uncle Dave is the best. I have had a couple other owners but no one is as good to me as he has been. He hasn't got used to demanding what he wants though he still ask but he is learning."

Kathy: "What about Aunt Kathy is she very demanding?"

Pet: "Aunt Kathy has never been with another woman before me so she is learning a lot more than Uncle Dave. She is really getting into it and I enjoy every thing we do together, not like some women I had been made to be with. She needs to learn to be more demanding too but I guess that will come with time." I walk over and surprise Kathy and take the camera from her. I point the camera back at Pet and say, "Let's see how demanding Aunt Kathy can be." Kathy looks at me questioningly but walks over to the couch and is now in the picture. I flip on the TV and they can both see their image on the big screen. I had it hooked up but just never flipped it on.

Pet was the first to see herself playing with her pussy larger than live and said, "Wow, we could have been watching this all along?" I just nod.

Seeing the image on the screen Kathy takes control. She puts one foot on the couch and orders, "Come here." Pet knows what she wants and is on the floor between Kathy's legs. She pushes Kathy's skirt up and pulls down her panties. Once the panties are off Kathy puts her foot back on the couch and Pet is lapping away at her pussy. Kathy's head is laid back and she moans, "Oh, God she is good. She is so fucking good. Oh God, Oh God OOOOhhhh GGGOOOODDDDD!!!"

Trying to hold the camera still I start laughing and say, "Well that's the first orgasm of the night. If there is one thing our little pet is good at it is bringing on an outstanding orgasm. I think maybe it's time to strip our pet down and show what a beautiful body she has."

Kathy had fallen back on the couch and Pet was still licking away. Kathy barely had enough energy to put her hand on Pet's head and order her to stop. As usual Pet stopped instantly and just sat looking at Kathy's pussy ready to attack it at a moments notice. Kathy ran her fingers through Pet's blond curly hair and said, "Heel." Pet laced her fingers together and draped them over Kathy's knee and lay her head on he hands looking up at Kathy, who's pussy was still on full display for the camera. Still running her fingers through Pet's hair Kathy said, "I think you're right we should show off our little pet." She looked down at Pet and said sternly, "Pet, I want you to get up and do a slow sexy strip for the camera until you are completely naked."

Pet got a big smile and stood up and took a pose where one leg is straight and the other goes out on an angle, she ran her fingers up through her hair and held the pose waiting for the music. I had to step back to get her all in and hit the CD player. When the music started so did Pet. Anything Pet does she does well. She was soon dancing and making love to the camera as bit by bit her lovely body came into view. Her simple white cotton panties were the last things to come off and she caressed and played with her body until the song ended. She ended with the same pose she started except her big tits were pointing at the camera and her nipples were hard. Her legs were open and her pussy wet and shining. She was the image of pure fuckability and total innocence at the same time.

I just watched her for a moment and said, "Now why don't you show us how beautiful your Aunt Kathy is." Pet pulled Kathy to her feet and as the music started again she began to strip Kathy as slowly and seductively as she had done her self. Kathy was soon naked and Pet's hands ran all over her body. They started dancing together very suggestively and as the music ended they were locked in a hot wet lovers kiss. I asked the two, "We've seen what Pet can do for you but how is she to play with?" Now Pet is the only woman Kathy has ever been with but you would never know the way she has taken to it.

Kathy pushed pet back to the couch and as Pet fell to the couch Kathy was between her legs. In a very short time Kathy has become very good at eating pussy. Pet was soon moaning and humping her pussy into Kathy's face. It is not Pet's nature to just receive so she soon had the two of them turned into a 69. The two of them were going at it like they had been lovers for years and not just 24 hours. I walked around so I could catch the action from all sides. I got in close with Kathy eating the only pussy she has ever had. I also got up close on the very experienced Pet doing her best on her Aunt Kathy. Soon they were both humping as much as they were licking and both came to a powerful orgasm at the same time. I guess women can time it better with each other than with a man. Both women lay spent on the floor still head to toe while the camera kept rolling.

Before I turned the camera off I came in close on Pet's beautiful face still wet with my wife's pussy juice. I told her, "Now I want you to put on the uniform that you are required to wear and let's see how you look doing your domestic duties." I thought Pet was down for the count but she jumped up and ran to the bedroom with her big tits bouncing as she ran. I told Kathy to put her clothes back on and slip out the front door and come back in through the garage as if she was coming home from work. I wanted to see what they would do for that half-hour or so before I get home.

Pet came bouncing back in the room and took a pose and asked, "So how do I look?" She looked every bit as good as she did the first time she wore this outfit for me. She looked like a big piece of candy just begging to be unwrapped and eaten. I could not take my eyes off her. She brought me back when she said, "I thought you wanted to get me on tape."

I was stammering something as I brought the camera up and turned it on. She did some posing, then asked, "What would you like me to do now?"

With the camera still rolling I told her to just do what ever she thought she will be doing while Kathy and I are at work. She started picking up my clothes and then dusted the living room and ran the vacuum. Watching her bend and reach in that out fit was so exciting. Then Kathy came through the back door fully dressed and yelled, "I'm home." Pet went running to her and got on her knees in front of Kathy.

Kathy ran her fingers through Pet's hair and said, "Hi baby girl. Aunt Kathy is so glad to see you." Kathy pulled her skirt up to her waist and said, "I've had a bitch day. Could you help me off with these?" Pet reached up and pulled Kathy's panties off. Kathy held Pet's head in her hands and said, "That's good Pet, Now make me feel good." Kathy pushed Pet's face into her pussy and Pet went to town licking her pussy. Kathy pulled a chair out and sat down and Pet never left her pussy. Kathy just sat there moaning how good it was. She never had an orgasm, I guess it was just a relaxing eating, or something women share. Anyway Kathy soon put her hand on Pet's head and told her to stop. She said, "Uncle Dave will be home soon so you'd better get ready.

I don't know what she had to do to get ready, she looked fine to me but I knew my cue. I had the camera set on the tripod and slipped out the front door. When I came through the garage Pet was sitting on her knees waiting for me with her leash hooked to her collar. Kathy had gone to change. I ran my fingers through her hair and said, "That's my good little Pet." As I took her leash from her I saw Kathy picking up the camera. She was dressed just like Pet. I led Pet into the living room on her hands and knees saying, "Have you been good today? Because if you were good I have a nice bone for you."

I sat in my chair and Pet was on the floor in front of me. I ran my hands through her hair again saying, "The house looks good and diner smells great so I guess you were good today. Ok, go get it." Pet leaped into my lap with her hands going for my belt and zipper at the same time. She had my cock out in record time and got in her mouth. I sat back enjoying Pets fantastic blowjob. It was one of those that could go for hours. While she was working on my cock she worked my pants the rest of the way down and I stepped out of them. What she was doing was great but it was time to end it so I looked down at her and saw she was watching me. I stroked her cheek and said, "Now." She did her magic with her tongue and I still can't go over 20 seconds. I didn't think I had that much in me but I just kept filling her mouth and she drank every bit.

Finally I quit shooting and had to tell Pet to stop. She had her head on my knee like she always does and looked up at me and asked, "Is that how it is going to be everyday Uncle Dave?'

I knew this was a loaded question. She wanted to see if I was going to take control or not. I had to go against all my upbringing to be demanding. I softly stroked her face and said, "Not every day." She looked disappointed but her face lit up when I said, "Some days I just have you bend over the arm of the arm of the chair, rip your panties off and fuck you right there." Then in a softer tone said, "Depends on the kind of day I've had but you can be sure you'll get a load from me one way or the other when I get home. I don't want my day to carry over when I make love to my wife that night."

Pet jumped into my lap and kissed me hard and whispered in my ear, "Thank you Uncle Dave." Kathy had put down the camera and joined us. The three of us hugged and kissed for a while. It was a much more emotional time than any of us expected. Pet has been with us for only one day and yet I can't imagine life with out her. It is easy to understand because Pet radiates love and devotion. What I can't understand is how the other men she was with could treat her the way they did. Maybe when I understand this total power thing, but I hope that doesn't happen.

I felt the need to take control again. I told Pet to go in the kitchen and find some sort of snacks. I told Kathy to get the tape ready so we could watch it while I put the camera stuff away. I was naked from the waist down and came back wearing a robe. Kathy was on the couch in her boy shorts and bra. I sat next to her and pet brought out this cold cut tray and two wine glasses. She was still in her boy shorts and bra as well. I told her sternly, "Get another glass. I don't want to have to tell you again, when we eat you join us." She looked very upset that she had done something wrong and excited over joining us at the same time.

She ran to get the other glass and sat on the floor between me and Kathy. She had one arm over my knee and one over Kathy's. Something in our body movements must have told Pet because before I asked for more wine she was already pouring it. If I wanted something from the snack tray she already had it rolled up ready for me. The same with Kathy.

Kathy started the tape and they both laughed because they had forgotten about the interview part. As she flashed her panties to the camera Pet turned to look at me with her head on my knee. She asked, "Is that what you like Uncle Dave? Do I look good for you Uncle Dave?" I reassured her she was doing just what I liked and pulled my robe open to show her how much I was enjoying it. She took my rock hard cock in her hand and kissed it saying, "I'm so glad you like me Uncle Dave."

We got to the part of the tape where Pet was doing her chores in her "uniform". Pet gave a soft moan saying "I felt so sexy doing that."

I ran my fingers through her hair and said, "You look damn sexy doing it too. Maybe I should hire you out. We could make a fortune."

Pet's eyes fell to the floor and she said, "If that's what you want Uncle Dave. You own me."

I pulled her up to sit on my lap and said, "I think this house is more than enough for you to take care of." We kissed and it was not a hot sexual kiss but more a soft thankful kiss.

Kathy started squirming next to us. I looked at the tv and we were at the part where Kathy was coming home from work. Kathy moaned and said, "I can still feel her doing that. In fact I think I want some more. Pet, come here." Pet was off my lap and on the floor. In nothing flat she had Kathy's panties off and was licking away at her. I don't know which was better, watching them next to me or bigger than life on the big screen.

On the big screen Kathy was acting. Sitting next to me her head was back against the couch and her hips were coming up fucking Pet's face. Her moans were real and she was holding Pet's head tight against her pussy. I watched Pet going after my wife for a while. Pet's eyes would go from me to Kathy as she licked away at Kathy's pussy. She looked back at me with a smile in her eyes and I smiled back and just said, "Now." Kathy can't last any longer than I can when Pet's tongue starts doing its magic. Within 20 seconds Kathy was screaming her orgasm and filling Pet's mouth with her golden nectar.

Kathy pushed Pet's mouth from her pussy telling her to stop. Her face was still in Kathy's pussy when I told her to "heel". She sat right at my right knee with her head on her hands over my knee. Just then on the big screen I came in the door. Pet was excited watching herself waiting for me like a good little pet. As the scene played out on the tv Pet's hand slowly came up to my cock. She was stroking me and looking up into my eyes. I could see in her eyes she wanted to replay it just as Kathy had done but I had other ideas. I told her "down" and she knew just what that meant and was on her hands and knees facing the tv. I got behind her and as my cock went into her mouth on the screen I shoved my cock into her pussy from behind. I grabbed her hips and was fucking her like a madman as we both watched her give me a blowjob on tv. When I heard myself say "now" on the tape it sent me over the edge and I filled her mouth and pussy at the same time, her mouth on the tv and her pussy there on the floor. Pet was having her own orgasm watching herself and feeling her pussy filling up.

By now Kathy was on the floor with us. As I fell back pulling my cock from Pet she looked at Kathy and said, "Your husband made a mess in my pussy. I don't want to mess up your bed with all his cum." She said it in such a beautiful little girl pleading voice who could refuse her? Kathy was under her in no time licking all my cum from her pussy. Kathy brought Pet to two more orgasms before she was finished licking her and they both fell to the floor. I brought out a blanket, crawled between them and we all drifted off to sleep right there on the floor.

Pet Ownership Ch. 04
byKY ridgerunner©

Chapter 4: Sunday

For Kathy and I our normal Sunday is to lay around naked just reading the paper and drinking our coffee. After that is a little fooling around with a slow relaxing fuck be fore a late brunch around two, after the church crowd clears out. It took me a moment to get my bearings this Sunday morning. I was naked next to my also naked wife on the living room floor. The events of last evening came back to me and I looked for Pet. She was setting the table with a new uniform and an apron on.

I walked into the kitchen still trying to wake up. Pet came running to me and with one hand grabbed my cock and threw the other arm around my neck. She kissed me and sang, "Good morning Uncle Dave." I was almost annoyed at how chipper she was but after she kissed me I felt just as chipper as she was.

Kathy came dragging into the kitchen wanting to know what all the noise was about. She got the same welcome I did. Kathy's eyes lit up and she put her arms around Pet and kissed her back. She even picked Pet up and swung her around as they kissed. I thought to myself, "What has come over my wife. She is never that bright and cheerful in the morning."

Pet had us sit down. I was glad to see three places set at the table. The paper was on the table and as Pet brought us our coffee said, "I think your neighbor likes my uniform as much as you do Uncle Dave."

I was half way sitting down and looked at her and asked. Tom or Becky?"

She was at the stove making breakfast and didn't even look up and said, "It was a man so I guess it was Tom. He didn't introduce himself. He just waved as he was getting his paper too." She brought the eggs and bacon to the table and changed the subject totally saying, I didn't know how you both liked your eggs so I just scrambled them the way I like them."

I guess I have some explaining to do to Tom. As I sat down I leaned to Kathy and said, "Why do I feel like Tom just became my new best friend?"

Kathy laughed and choked on her coffee. As Pet brought the toast and joined us Kathy said still laughing, "I guess we need to make some more rules."

Still unsure of her place in the house Pet slowly sat down asking, "Did I do something wrong Uncle Dave?"

I took her hand and told her, "No baby, you could never do anything wrong. Kathy and I just didn't think far enough ahead that's all." She was instantly back to her bubbly self.

We talked about a lot of things over breakfast not the least was wearing her "uniform" in the back yard only and a robe to go out front. Pet asked what our normal Sunday was and we told her. As she picked up the dishes she said, "Sounds like fun. It will be the first time we have all gone out together." Then with a wink she added, "You might be surprised at your wife. She is quite the little tease." Kathy blushed and came to sit on my lap.

Pet finished cleaning up breakfast and came to sit next to us. Kathy had turned facing me and my cock was deep in her pussy and we were kissing. Pet just sat and watched for a while. You know that feeling that you're being watched, well we broke off the kiss and looked at Pet. Pet's smile was beaming and she said, "You know how much I enjoy having sex with both of you, together and alone, but the thing I enjoy most about you two is watching you make love to each other. That's something I’ve never seen or had. It just makes me feel all warm inside."

Kathy and I looked at each other and I said, "Should we give her what she wants?"

Kathy smiled and said, "It would only be fair. She did make this nice breakfast for us and flashed our neighbor."

Kathy got off my lap pulling my cock from her pussy. She and Pet both took my hands and pulled me down the hall to the bedroom. The three of us stood there with Kathy and I both naked and Pet in her Sunday uniform. Kathy asked, "So how do you want us, me on top, Dave on top or doggie style?"

Pet was as excited as a kid on Christmas as she pulled a chair to the side of the bed. Her eyes lit up and she said, "I want to see it all but today how about Uncle Dave on top?"

Kathy climbed up in the middle of the bed. Pet was bouncing with excitement. Kathy was pulling me on top of her when she told Pet, "Why don't you get the camcorder so you can make your own special tape of us?"

Pet jumped up saying, "That's a great idea. I can watch it when you two are at work. Now don't either of you move till I get back." She went running to get the camera. Kathy and I looked at each other and at the same time started laughing. I was rolling so hard I fell on the bed next to Kathy.

We heard Pet's voice running down the hall, "Lights ................. Camera" and as she stepped through the door, "Action!"

I rolled over to Kathy and started kissing her as our hands roamed over each others bodies. At first we were still giggling but the kisses got more intense and we forgot all about Pet and the camera. I kissed my way down her neck and chest to her tit. As I slid down my cock fell into her hand. Kathy stroked my cock as I sucked on first one tit then the other. I kissed my way on down her belly pulling my cock from her gripping hand. As I reached Kathy's pussy I became aware of Pet being there. I was on all fours getting ready to go down on my wife when Pet got under me for a close up shot. I started to laugh but put on a good show for Pet which Kathy seemed to be enjoying very much.

In a normal porno, he goes down on her then she does him then they fuck. I couldn't wait and crawled back up Kathy's body bringing my cock to her pussy. I felt Pet's hand on my cock and looked back. She was guiding me into Kathy with one hand and running the camera with the other. I kissed Kathy deeply as Pet pushed the head of my cock into Kathy's pussy and I shoved it the rest of the way. I stayed there kissing my wife with my cock deep in her pussy. Pet got off the bed for a wider shot. That's when I started pumping in and out of Kathy.

Pet moved around everywhere. She got on the bed then off again. She shot from over my back and between my legs. She got up and shot from Kathy's point of view. It wasn't easy but Kathy and I were both building to our climax. Pet finished her video from the chair and her point of view as I emptied everything I had deep in Kathy's pussy. This sent her to yet another orgasm as she screamed that she was cumming. I think she was over reacting for the camera but she did cum and she came hard.

The only sound in the room was three people breathing hard as my cock pumped load after load. When my cock stopped twitching Pet let out a screech. You would think she was the one getting fucked. We all laughed and fell in a heap on the bed. I playfully slapped Kathy's thigh and told her it was time to put some clothes on for brunch. As Pet was getting off the bed I grabbed her panties by the waist and said, "It's time to take these off for brunch."

The girls started picking out what they would wear while I took a shower. As I stepped out the girls were ready to hop in. I went to dress and told them not to be in there for the duration. I told them, "I'm hungry and there is plenty of time for playing when we get back. I’m looking forward to taking our "niece" out for brunch."

I went into the living room to wait for them. They came out much sooner than I expected. Pet was wearing a 3/4 top that showed her belly ring and the gold chain wrapped twice around her waist. She had on a very short straight skirt. Kathy had a button top with a some what longer skirt. Neither was wearing a bra and when I told Pet, "Show me" I found out neither was wearing panties.

We all went out to get in threw SUV and Pet made a production out of getting in the door behind me. We had just gotten on the freeway and I glanced in the mirror and saw Pet siting in the middle of the seat. I adjusted my mirror and could see she had her legs wide open. Pet saw me looking at her and pulled her top up flashing me her tits. I almost lost control of the car and Kathy asked what the problem was.

Pet said, "Your husband was looking up my skirt."

Kathy turned in her seat with her back to the door and her knee on the seat opening her skirt as well. She was looking at Pet and asked, "So what did you do about it?" Pet again pulled her top up but this time left it above her tits. Kathy quickly undid her top pulling it open and said, "Like this" I now had two pussys and two sets of tits to look at. Kathy would never have done anything like that a week ago. All I could think was that this was going to be a long and painful lunch.

I pulled into the parking lot and the girls put their clothes back together. I got out and opened Pet's door behind me. Kathy was getting out her side when Pet yelled to her, "No, wait for Uncle Dave. This is the fun part when you tease them and there is nothing they can do about it but walk in with a hard cock." Pet spread her legs wide as she turned to get out. As she slid down from The SUV her skirt was pulled up to her waist with her pussy in full view before me. I ran my hand over her naked pussy and Pet stepped back so I could close the door.

Kathy was watching all this as if she were taking mental notes. Pet said, "Now do Aunt Kathy's door." I walked around to Kathy's side of the car and she was a quick study. Kathy swung her legs wide but since her skirt was a little longer I had a glimpse but not a full view of her pussy. Kathy must have noticed because she slid forward before getting out. That did the trick and her pussy was also in full view.

Kathy stood up saying, "Poor boy" then she adjusted my cock so it wasn't as noticeable but still rock hard. We walked in with my beautiful wife on one side and my pixie goddess on the other with a major hardon in between.

We were shown to our table and Pet sat just partly facing me. She had her foot up on the rung of the chair raising her skirt to show me her pussy. The waiter was standing over my shoulder and couldn't see what I was seeing but could see that I was seeing it, if that makes any sense. He couldn't see Pet's pussy but could see that I could if I looked which I didn't while he took our order.

After he left I pushed Pet's leg down and told her I needed to talk to her. She got a very concerned look I looked at Pet and said, "You told us that your other guys had you have sex with their friends. That is something that Kathy and I would have never considered before we met you. Since you came to us we have opened a door to a place we have never been. You remember me telling you about a couple, Dick and Jackie, that have been after us to join them. Well it is set for Saturday night. You will be with us and I’m not saying you have to do anything with either of them. This is all new to us. What I am saying is you would never be expected to do anything that Kathy wouldn't do, of course that has changed a lot in the last 48 hours."

"While sharing you with our friends is one thing sharing our relationship is another. We are afraid that if other people knew you belonged to us and were not just a willing partner they might get the idea they could control you as well. We don't want that to happen. Before you do anything with either Dick or Jackie look to myself or Kathy for our approval. If you wink at us when you look over we'll knew you want this and will give our approval. If you don't wink we'll find a way out for you. You belong to us and no one else."

"Now in the short time you have been with us Kathy and I are both falling in love with you. We don't want you to be concerned about being traded or sold or even given to someone else. You have a home with us as long as you like."

Pet squealed and jumped in my lap and kissed me in a non niece way. The manager came over and asked, "Is there a problem here?"

I had to think fast. I couldn't say she was my niece, that would be incest. I couldn't say we own her I’m sure that's against the law too. I said the first thing that came to mind, "We just told her she was getting a new car."

The manager said, "That must be some car."

Pet, sitting back in her chair said, "A new red mustang convertible, because Uncle Dave knows how much driving a mustang would mean to me."

The manager shook his head and before walking away said, "That's very nice but could you keep it down. I don't want our other patrons having a heart attack."

Pet leaned in to me and said, "I don't know where that came from it just came out. I don't need a car."

I patted her hand and said, "Maybe not a new mustang but you will need a car if you have to run to the store while Kathy and I are at work. So I guess we're going car shopping this week"

Pet was ready to squeal again but instead put both feet on the rails of her chair and gave me a very big vertical smile. I looked at Kathy who could see all this and said, "I think she's happy." Kathy lost it and started choking on her wine.

I looked back at Pet and said, "Ok, now for some games." Pet was excited and I told her, "When the waiter comes back to take our desert order, I want you to have your skirt pulled all the way up and your legs wrapped around the legs of your chair. If he looks down he can't see any thing but if he moves over slightly he'll see it all. I want to see if he'll move to get a better look. When he came back he stood over my right shoulder. From there all he could see was the way she was sitting. Sure enough he went around me and now had a full view of Pet's pussy. Never once looking him in the eye she acted so innocent as to what she was doing. He tried to take Kathy's order. Kathy would pick out something and point to it and ask about it. This would bring his eyes off Pet for just one second then right back. Kathy did this three times before saying, "Oh I’ll just have cherry pie."

There was an older man at the next table that had been watching all this but couldn't see anything because Pet was always facing me. I told her, "When we leave turn the other way and open your legs wide. Make sure he has a good view before you get up."

As we got up the poor man spit out his coffee. Pet stopped and padded his back saying, "Are you alright sir?"

The man smiled and said, "I'm fine, thank you and I do mean thank you."

Pet smiled and winked at him and said, "No problem, my pleasure." His wife was none the wiser.

By the time we got to the car Pet asked if Kathy could drive. She said, "Uncle Dave has had this problem long enough and I feel it is my duty to take care of it." Kathy had no problem with it and got in the drivers seat while Pet and I got in the back. Pet had my cock out and was riding me like there was no tomorrow before Kathy even pulled out of the parking space. Thank God for tinted windows.

We hadn't gotten a mile down the road and I was filling Pet's pussy. Once I stopped pumping into her she got down and licked my cock clean. What happened next surprised both Kathy and I. Pet said, "You don't want me to get the car all messy do you? Kathy is busy driving so that leaves you to clean my pussy."

I have never had a cream pie. I had never even considered having a cream pie. In fact until that very moment I would have thought it gross and disgusting. I could not think of a better packaging of my first cream pie than this pixie goddess, I dove right in. Kathy was so surprised she slammed on the breaks. That threw me forward and Pet came right with me, her pussy never leaving my mouth. Pet was between the two front seats and kissed Kathy hard on the mouth. Then Pet softly said to Kathy, "He's going to be as hooked on cream filled pussy as you are. Maybe next week he can taste another mans cream from your pussy."

Kathy hit the gas throwing Pet and I back into the backseat with my mouth still glued to her pussy. Kathy drove like a bat out of hell the rest of the way home and pulled into the garage. She ran into the house. I didn't even bother getting dressed and followed her in. She was already on her back on the dining room table, her skirt around her waist and her legs wide open. As soon as I walked in the door she yelled, "FUCK ME DAVE.......FUCK ME NOW, FUCK ME HARD!"

I stepped right between her legs and slammed into her. For the first time in a very long time we did not make love but fucked like animals. It was hot, it was hard, it was fast, it was over. We both came in a major explosion. My knees got weak and I fell back on the chair next to the table. Pet was right there between Kathy's legs. She ran her tongue along Kathy's slit and said, "Care to join me?" Next thing I knew both our tongues were fighting over the creamy goodness coming from Kathy's pussy. Kathy had two more orgasms before passing out on the table. Pet and I started kissing like mad and rolled on the floor until we too were at the verge of passing out.

Once we were all able to move again Kathy and I stripped off the rest of our clothes. Pet went in and put on her uniform. Pet came back and started picking up our clothes and fixing diner. Kathy and I sat naked on the couch and talked and held each other. Surprisingly the conversation was more about next Saturday than this past weekend. I guess because Pet brought it up in the car. Kathy was just asking me if I was ready to see her with another man when Pet came in with a lit diner. She set it out on the coffee table saying she thought this would be nice. Then she asked about our conversation since I hadn't answered Kathy yet.

I told them both, "I think I’m ready for it. I know how exciting it is watching the two of you together and I think Kathy should have the same freedom I have with Pet."

Kathy turned to Pet and asked, "You must have seen the guys you were with having sex with other women, what was it like"

Her answer surprised us both, "I didn't love either of them, I belonged to them. I think it is going to be harder watching Uncle Dave with Jackie or you with Dick than anything I’ve done before. I feel something deep for both of you, I guess it could be love. I know Saturday will be great fun for all of us but it will be a first for me as well. I've never watched someone I care about have sex with someone else."

This gave Kathy and I something to think about. We were so concerned about whether we were ready to share each other and Pet we never thought if Pet was ready to share us.

Pet Ownership Ch. 05
byKY ridgerunner©

Life goes back to....

We made it an early night since Kathy and I had to work the next day. We finally got Pet to get in bed between us, she has this thing about sleeping on the floor next to the bed. I told her that from now on one of us would be in the middle. One night Kathy would be in the middle with Pet and I holding her, one night it would be me with her and Kathy on either side but tonight it was her turn with Kathy and I holding her. With a lot of kissing and holding and petting we finally got to sleep with a very happy Pet between us.

The alarm went off and it was a normal Monday morning. Kathy and I were cuddled up together trying to wake up. I was out of bed and half way to get my before shower coffee when I realized Pet was missing. As I entered the kitchen this bright ray of beaming sunshine almost blinded me. There stood Pet in just her Monday uniform and an apron. The bright kitchen light reflecting off her golden blond curls. She came over and kissed me warmly and as she led me to the table said, "Good morning Uncle Dave. The coffee is ready and your paper is here. Yes, I did wear a robe but no one was out this morning. Breakfast will be right up."

I was just clearing the cobwebs out of my head and sipping my coffee when I heard, "What the " Kathy came walking in looking like something the cat dragged in. She sat next to me and Pet was right there with her coffee and a warm good morning kiss. Kathy looked at me through sleepy eyes and asked, "How can any one wake up that happy and looking that good?"

By now breakfast was ready and Pet joined us after taking off the apron. Kathy was beginning to come around and asked Pet, "How do you do it? How do you wake up looking so good and so damn happy?"

Pet sat there beaming and said, "Well the happy part is new and because of you two. As for the rest I just run a brush through my hair and it falls into place. I just wash my face and I’m set to go. Most people say I don't need make up and I seldom wear any."

Kathy, still not fully awake, said, "You don't need any, I on the other hand need a major make over every morning."

Pet said smiling, "You're a beautiful woman Aunt Kathy and now you have me to help you get ready in the mornings."

Kathy was just finishing her breakfast and asked Pet, "You're going to do my hair and make up?" Pet started picking up from breakfast and said, "Sure I will. You go and take your shower while I finish up here and I’ll be in to dry and do your hair."

Kathy slid out of her chair and as she was leaving looked at me and asked, "When did we move into this five star hotel?"

I just laughed as I tried to read the paper. I don't remember a thing in the paper. All I could do was to watch this pixie prance around the kitchen. I thought to myself, "I guess it is like living in a hotel. We never have breakfast only a quick coffee, shower and out the door."

It is good to be the owner of the business because I can be late and this morning I was going to be late. Pet came and sat next to me stroking my now very hard cock. She batted her eye lashes and asked, "Is there anything I can do for you before I go help Aunt Kathy? You know all you have to do is tell me."

I knew she was pushing me into command mode. The first thing that went through my mind was the command "come and get it" which would have given me a very nice morning blowjob but this morning I wanted more. I told Pet, "Lay across the table and give me your pussy." She stood right in front of me and lay flat on the table with her pussy in my face. I pulled her panties down and she opened her legs wide and her pussy opened up. I looked at that beautiful pussy with the hair just starting to grow back. I just wanted a quick fuck but couldn't resist running my tongue over her pussy first. Then I stood and shoved my cock deep into her pussy.

She felt so hot and wet and tight. As I banged away at her pussy she would say, "Oh yes Uncle Dave fuck me good ....... Oh yes ..... oh yes ......... Almost there ....... Give it to me, give it to me good Uncle Dave ....... Now Uncle Dave, fill me now!!!!!!" That was it and I was pumping into her load after load. I fell back in the chair and she turned to me and said, "I hope we start everyday like this." She opened her pussy and asked, "Do you want this or should I save it for Aunt Kathy?"

I leaned in and kissed her mound saying, "This one is for Kathy."

Just then the shower stopped and Pet jumped up grabbed her panties and said, "Sounds like Aunt Kathy is ready for it." She kissed me and said, "Thank you Uncle Dave." Then she was gone down the hall to the bedroom.

I just sat there thinking, "This is not a normal Monday morning or is it? Is this the way things are going to be now?" I got up and walked to the bed room to take my shower. When I walked in the bedroom Kathy was accepting the present I left for her in Pet's beautiful pussy. Kathy looked up at me and smiled as I walked past. I just patted her head and said, "You're welcome."

I came out of the shower and Pet had her full uniform back on and Kathy was sitting in her bra and panties as Pet was fixing her hair. They were laughing and giggling like school girls. I just watched them as I got dressed. I don't know where Pet learned it but she was very good with Kathy's hair and makeup. Kathy looked great, too good to be going to work and I told her so.

Pet was picking out Kathy's outfit as Kathy said, "You afraid some young guy is going to hit on me at work?"

I was set to leave for work and told Kathy, "You won't make it to work before some one hits on you. We have enough people in the mix right now we don't need any more. If you look this good on Saturday things will start very quickly."

Pet was helping Kathy into her dress and joined in, "She'll look this good Saturday, trust me. We still need to find me a breeder, maybe Kathy can pick one up for me."

Caught off guard I stammered, "Well I hope that is a ways off yet and we need to talk a lot more about that before anything happens." I kissed them both and headed for my car shaking my head thinking, "Just what the hell have I gotten into?"

The day was very busy and I managed to take care of business. I had a few very important meetings but every time I was alone I couldn't help thinking about the two most beautiful women waiting for me at home, then there's Jackie come Saturday. My dick was hard all day. With the new open attitude from this weekend I was looking at the women in the office a lot differently. Some had flirted with me in the past and I just let it pass, but now....... I had not realized how many beautiful women worked in the office or was it just my rock hard cock thinking for me.

As I was getting ready to leave, Jean, my assistant came in and asked, "Did you have a ruff weekend? You seemed to have a "hard" time today."

I caught her double meaning, it is not the first time she has made suggestive comments. She is a very nice looking woman, married with two kids. She has let it be known that she and her husband are "open to other things". We have given each other back rubs when the day was demanding and some times a quick kiss on the cheek at the end of the day but never anything more. She is good at her job and I couldn't run this place with out her but now my mind was thinking a lot of things it shouldn't. I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and said, "Jean, you would not believe the weekend I have had." Then with a wink said, "Maybe some day I’ll tell you all about it." As I was getting on the elevator I looked back at Jean and asked, "Have you ever owned a pet?" Without waiting for an answer I got in and the doors closed.

I couldn't wait to get home that night. I walked in and Pet was right there waiting for me. I couldn't wait, I needed some release fast. I took Pet's leash she offered to me and told her, "Go for it. I need this bad." Pet had my cock out and in her mouth in seconds. It felt so good. She was sucking away as I took off my coat and tie. Kathy came walking in. She had changed from her work clothes to a simple summer dress. She came over and kissed me hello as Pet kept up her blowjob.

Kathy looked down and said, "I see you had the same kind of day I did. I just had to have her get me off as soon as I walked through the door. That's the best stress reliever ever." Kathy looked down at Pet and said, "Now, Pet". That was it everything I had felt, thought all day came pouring out into Pet's mouth.

I pulled Pet's leash and when she stood up I kissed her then led her with Kathy into the living room. Kathy and I sat and talked about how different the day was. I told her about Jean and she told me about all the things going through her mind all day about the people in her office. All the while Pet sat on the floor between us looking up at us as we talked. Kathy and I agreed that we needed to take things slow with anyone at our jobs. Kathy and I were kissing and making out like newly weds and Pet just watched. I felt Pet pull on the leash to get my attention. She said she had to check on dinner so I let her go. Kathy and I kept going at each other and were just about ready to fuck each other right there when Pet said, "Dinner is ready."

Dinner was light and fun. We all joked about last weekend, next weekend and how our days went. Pet cleaned up dinner, Kathy went to set up the tv for what we would normally watch on Monday night and I went to change. We all met back in the living room and took out places. Kathy in her short summer dress, Pet on the floor between us in her uniform and I had changed to sweats and a tee shirt.

You know how pets will climb up in your lap? Well Pet was no exception. First it was Kathy's lap. Pet got up on the couch and lay her head in Kathy's lap. Kathy would pet her and play with her tits or run her hand under the waist band of her boy shorts and play with her pussy. Then she came over to my side of the couch and her hand was on my cock as she lay her head over her hand. I took my cock out and Pet played with it as I played with her tits and pussy. Nothing heavy just petting and playing.

Soon it was time for bed and I told them there was no way I could fuck both of them every night. Pet insisted, "Kathy always comes first, if she doesn't want to then I’m always ready." So again Kathy and I made love with Pet watching. This time it was Kathy's turn in the middle so with my cock still deep in her Pet came up and cuddled her from the other side.

That's the way it went Monday Tuesday and Thursday. Wednesday was some what different and Friday we were all excited about Saturday. I had made a few calls and found a Mustang. It was not new, it was about 10 years old. It was not red, it was racing green. It was not a convertible, it was a two door hard top, but it was a Mustang. Wednesday I called Pet and told her I was leaving early and to be ready to go out around noon.

I came home to pick her up and she was ready, short dress and a pullover top. She showed me there were no panties. Pet teased me the whole trip with her skirt and flashing her tits. I don't think she knew we were out in the country until I stopped at this farm house. She looked around and asked, "What are we doing here? You're not going to ......"

I laughed and said, "Relax Pet. I told you that you have a home with us as long as you like but I think you will like why we are here." A nice looking young man named Bob came out to meet me and we talked. He started to lead the way and I yelled to Pet, "Come on over here." She came running to me and took hold of my arm still not sure of what was going to happen.

Bob opened the shed door and there was the Mustang. I started saying, This is for you." Her head spun around and she had this scared look in her eyes. I laughed and said, "No, no, this is for you ....... to drive." She got this silly look on her face like of course it is. Bob had no clue what was going on. Pet jumped into my arms and threw her legs around my waist I’m sure showing Bob she was naked under her skirt. She was kissing all over my face then jumped back down and went running over to the car.

I was beginning to know Pet and thought I would give her a treat. I told Bob to get in front with Pet so she could take it for a test drive. That way she could ask him anything she wanted to know about the car. He looked unsure as I got in back and Pet jumped in the drivers seat. Bob finally got in next to Pet and she fired it up. She backed it out and we were soon on the road. It came to me that I didn't even know if she had a drivers license or could even drive.

She was doing fine and I asked her, "So, Pet, how does it feel?"

She started to answer but Bob asked her, "Your name is Pet?"

She stuck out her hand and said, "Petra, Petra Davidson." I was thinking to myself "Shit, that makes her my niece not Kathy's, we got to get our stories right." Then turning her attention to me said, "It feels great Uncle Dave. Most cars I can't reach the pedals but this is like it was made for me."

I smiled and said, "That's good baby but you have to make sure it is comfortable for all you want to do with it." She saw me in the mirror and I winked and she knew it was time to play.

She winked back and said, "Well you know how much I love giving blowjobs. I'd like to see if there is enough room." Then looking at Bob said, "You wouldn't mind helping me find out would you?" She pulled to car over and got out then went and opened Bob's door. Bob was stunned and just sat there. Pet said, "Just drive to where ever you people do that kind of thing out here." Bob still had not moved and Pet said, "Well you don't want me to have to do it with my own Uncle do you. I have to know if there is room."

Bob finally realized what he was being offered and got out saying, "No, no we wouldn't want that." He looked at me as he walked around the front of the car. When he got back in I just said, "It's her car she has to be comfortable with it."

He had to push the seat back just to get in and as soon as he started up the car Pet was at his belt and zipper. Pet had his cock out saying, "I like to do it while they're driving, you don't mind do?" He didn't have time to answer before Pet had him in her mouth.

After almost running off the road Bob got his mind back on his driving and got his voice back. He looked at me and asked, "What about your uncle?"

Pet looked up at him simply saying, "Watching is not incest." She was right back at her blowjob for the short drive to some big corn field. He pulled the car to a stop just as he went off in Pet's mouth. Pet sucked every drop then sat up and with a big grin said, "One more test and I think I’ll take the car." She laid her seat all the way back and told Bob, "I need to know if I can fuck in here don't I?"

Bob looked at me and I just shrugged my shoulders. He was not about to pass this up. Bob climbed over on top of Pet and she guided his cock into her pussy. Even though he had just cum in her mouth he was not going to last very long. I know how good that pussy is. As he pumped her pussy full of his cream Pet was moaning, "Oh yes, Uncle Dave, this car has every thing I ever wanted. I’ll take it, I’ll take it ........ yess give it to me!"

With that Bob gave one last push and fell on top of Pet. I was laughing when I said, "So I guess we have a deal. What was the asking price?" Bob mumbled out $10,000.00. Bob was rolling back in the driver's seat and I winked at Pet and said, "She was that good. Let's get the paper work and go to the bank."

Bob drove to the bank in town to get the title notarized. When we got there I told Bob to go ahead and we would be right with him. I told Pet, "I'm putting the car in your name but I don't even know what your real name is."

She laughed and said, "If you wouldn't mind I would like to change it to Petra Davidson but right now it is Amy Funk."

I smiled at her and told her, "Sign it Petra and I’ll get the paper work to change it legally."

We singed all the papers and drove Bob home. As I was getting in my car Pet came up and asked me what did you mean when you said, "She was that good?"

I smiled and said, "The asking price was $12,000."

She got mad and yelled at me, "You sold me for $2,000?"

I grabbed her and said, "I don't want you to ever think of yourself like that. You were given a $2,000 gift which is going in your account Now let's get home and show Aunt Kathy your new car." Pet drove home and I made a stop on the way. I picked up the papers to open Pet's account and called my lawyer to get Pet's name change in the works. When I got home Kathy's car was there but Pet's wasn't. Just then they pulled in behind me.

Pet came running up and jumped into my arms again kissing me all over my face. She kept saying, "Thank you, thank you Uncle Dave. While we were driving I told Aunt Kathy all about my "gift" Pet jumped down and ran inside.

Kathy came over and kissed me and said, "You're spoiling her."

We walked to the house and I smacked Kathy's ass saying, "Like I don't spoil you?"

After dinner I had Pet fill out all the papers opening two accounts. One was for her and the other was for house hold bills so she could buy food and what ever was needed for the house. Kathy questioned why she was signing everything Pet. Pet was more than happy to tell her, "I'm family now. My name is now legally Petra Davidson."

Over the next couple days all the legal stuff was taken care of and Pet had a debit card for the house hold account but not for her account. That was to be her nest egg if and when she was ever ready to leave on her own. So far she had $2,500 in her account, $2,000 from her gift and $500 for her first pay check.

It was now Friday night. Pet had gone shopping and the house was well stocked with food. She out did herself on the meal that night. The girl is an artist. When I got home that night Pet was in her place in her uniform but had a shear white robe over it. Kathy was dressed the same except her robe was golden and she was holding Pet's leash. There were candles on the table as well as through out the house. I started to ask what was going on but Kathy put her fingers to my lips. She handed me Pet's leash but instead of me leading her Pet led me to the bedroom.

Pet had been alone all her life being kept from the outside world. The only friend she ever had was Kathy. Being alone so much she had developed many talents. No one ever wanted to know about her other talents only her sexual ones which were highly developed from so much use. She made all the outfits we were wearing that night and they were very well made.

Just in this short time with a car and money she was starting to show the person she could be. We could see her change and that being a submissive, at least with us, was a choice and not her station in life. She was enjoying her role as "pet" more and more because she chose it to be. She also blossomed in her other talents having the means and people to support her.

Once in the bedroom Pet explained what was going on. We were to find out that Pet has an imagination that few people will ever understand. She will take any opportunity and turn it into a reason to celebrate. Tonight we were celebrating Kathy's last night as a monogamous woman. Tomorrow she will have another man's cock inside her for the first time since we were married.

Pet told me not to say anything as she undressed me. As Pet stripped me she said, "Use me any way you need, to rid yourself of the burden of the day. Tonight is to be devoted to Kathy and she is to be worshiped for the faithful wife she has been. After tomorrow she will no longer be the same woman. Tonight we worship her as the woman she has been and the woman she will become."

I thought all the excitement would be tomorrow but Pet was making this into some sort of Pagan rite of passage. I was quickly becoming caught up in her spell. Standing naked before her I took her leash and pulled her to me telling her, "Take my cock in your mouth and drain from me all the cares of the outside world so we may worship the Goddess of monogamy." Pet took my cock in her mouth and wasted no time going from stage one, two and three in moments. I was filling her mouth in no time and could actually feel everything I had brought home with me drain into her mouth with every load I gave her.

Once she had drained me completely she gave me a shear golden robe to wear making me the God for tonight. Pet got down on her knees with her hands folded and said, "I am here to worship my God and Goddess on this their last night as a monogamous couple."

I knew I was out of my league here so I pulled Pet to her feet and unhooked her leash. I dropped it to the floor and told her, "Lead us in this night of worship." Pet bowed and took my hand and brought me to my Goddess of the evening. I had no idea what to expect but also knew I would go along with anything Pet said.

Tonight Pet was in control and Kathy and I were her willing followers. These roles were new to all of us but show how much Kathy and I had opened to new ideas and how much Pet was becoming her own person. The first thing she did was to lead us not to the table but to the living room where she had pillows built around the coffee table. She had us sit together and said she would not be joining us tonight but she was there to wait on our every wish. She left and brought in the food which was fit for a God and Goddess. She sat opposite us on her knees with her hands folded. Our glasses were always filled as were our plates. She was one step ahead of us the whole meal.

Finally we had to tell Pet that as good as the food was we just couldn't eat any more. She quickly took away the food and pulled the table out of the way. Pet came and pulled Kathy to her feet and stood her in front of me. Pet reached under the rode from the back and unhooked the strapless golden bra. The bra fell to the floor and all I could see of Pet was her hands as she played with Kathy's tits. Her singing voice came through, "These tits have been yours and yours alone for ten years of marriage. No other man has seen or touched or tasted these tits for ten years but tomorrow another man will see these beautiful tits. Another mans hands will feel these tits as mine are now. His mouth will suck on these nipples and taste for the first time what only you and I have tasted.

Seeing just Pet's hands and hearing her voice talking about what another man is going to do to my wife had me hard as a rock. I started to stroke my cock and I don't know how Pet saw me but she told me to stop. She said, "The only release your cock will feel tonight is in Kathy's pussy as you claim her for the last time as only yours."

Pet's hands moved down to Kathy's panties and slowly pulled them down. Kathy opened her legs and one of Pet's hands came from under Kathy's pussy and the other came around her waist. As her hands played with Kathy's pussy her voice again sang out, "Your cock has been the only one to enter this pussy in ten years. You and I are the only ones to taste the nectar within these folds. Tomorrow another man's tongue will lick the golden droplets coming from this pussy. Another mans fingers will slip inside this pussy as mine are now." Pet pulls Kathy's pussy open wide with both hands and says, "Then his big meaty cock will slip deep into this pussy that once was only yours. His cock will slide in and out of her as he pounds her pussy. She will moan and cry out with another mans cock in her pussy for the first time in ten years"

Pet has Kathy lay on the floor and pulls her robe open exposing her naked body to me. This is the first time I’ve been able to see Pet. Somehow she too is totally naked except for her white robe. She has one of Kathy's tits in each hand and hers are hanging above Kathy's face. Pet looks up at me and says, "Come join me and enter your wife for the last time that she is only yours." I was between Kathy's legs before Pet had the words out. Kathy took my cock and guided it to her pussy. Kathy was as wet as I had ever seen her. I knew she must have been as turned on as I was and I knew I would not last long. I just stayed there for a moment when Pet said, "Fuck your wife's pussy just like Dick will be fucking her tomorrow." Kathy's legs locked around my waist and she started fucking me before I had a chance to fuck her. At that moment I knew how bad Kathy wanted Dick's cock deep in her and how much I wanted to see him doing it.

Kathy and I were fucking like we had never fucked before. We were like wild animals. I was pounding her pussy and she was pushing back with everything she had. Kathy was moaning and her head was rolling back and forth then she screamed, "Fuck me Dick Fuck me hard Fill my pussy Yes Dick fill me up!" That was all it took and I pumped and pumped load after load into my wife. I had never cum so much or so hard in my life. I finally fell to Kathy's side pulling my cock from her pussy unable to move.

I'm not sure how long I lay there but when I opened my eyes Kathy was passed out next to me. Pet sat at Kathy's head on her knees, hands folded as if in prayer. When she saw my eyes open she said, "Bless you, bless you both. That was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."

Before her eyes even opened up Kathy's hands came up and pulled Pet's head down for a hot wet kiss. Kathy's eyes finally opened and she looked up at Pet and said, "Thank you for making it so visual for me. I only hope it is as beautiful as you make it feel." Kathy pulled Pet down for yet another hot lovers kiss.

Coming back to my senses I took control once again and said, "There is a pussy down here that needs cleaning. Come down here and lick her clean."

Pet was looking at me and Kathy asked, "Don't you want to clean my pussy for me?"

I kissed Kathy's fury mound and told her, "The next time I clean your pussy it will not be my cream dripping from it."

Kathy moaned and Pet crawled over her body so they were in a 69. They went after each others pussy like their life depended on it. I got behind Pet over Kathy's head. I looked down at Kathy licking away at Pet and told her, "Pet has a nice full pussy to lick, let's see if I can give you one too." I shoved my cock deep in Pet's pussy as Kathy licked away at her. I had already cum twice since I got home but the thought of licking another mans cum from my wife's pussy tomorrow had me over the edge in no time and I filled Pet's pussy as well.

I fell back watching the two of them sucking my cum from each other. I knew life would never be the same and Kathy would never be the same after tomorrow. She is so hot for Dick's cock I couldn't believe it. Then the thought came to me that I would also be fucking Jackie.

Kathy and Pet finally calmed down. Kathy and I were sitting on the floor with our backs against the couch. Pet was lying between us as always. I didn't think I could get hard again but Pet rolled over between Kathy's legs and started telling her, "You know all this opens up for you. There are so many combinations, you can have Uncle Dave and Dick at the same time. You can watch as Uncle Dave takes my ass" she looks at me "which he hasn't done yet, and Dick in my pussy. If you like what you see maybe you'll want to try it too. I know you have never had it up the ass before but you never know. Maybe Uncle Dave should try your virgin ass tonight to see if you like it."

Pet and Kathy both look at my now hard cock Pet smiled and looked up at Kathy saying, "Uncle Dave looks like he's up for it."

Kathy was very nervous looking at my cock. She was shaking her head saying, "I don't know ............ I’ve never .......... I couldn't ............ Look how big .........It'll never ...."

Pet whispered in her ear, "You'll never know till you try." Pet pushed Kathy until she was over my cock. Kathy just looked at it as if she had never seen it before. Pet told her, "You get him good and wet and I’ll get some oil." Kathy's mouth slowly slid down my cock as she looked up at me.

I stroked her face and told her, "It's your night. If you want to try but I’ll tell you this, I’ve never done it either with anyone."

Pet was coming back with the oil and asked, "Did I hear you right that you have never done it either. That's why you never tried with me. I have two virgins here?" Pet was laughing as she got behind Kathy with the oil. She poured the oil over Kathy's ass and started working first one finger in then two all the while talking to Kathy, "I've got some good news and some bad news." Kathy's whole body tightened up. Her ass gripped Pet's fingers and her mouth sucked hard on my cock. Pet rubbed her ass as she still worked the fingers in her ass. Pet told Kathy, "Relax, it's all good news just some better than the other. The bad news is your first cock in your ass will be one of the biggest you'll ever take, the good news is that once you take your husbands cock in your ass you can take just about anyone."

Kathy was relaxing more now as Pet sawed in and out of her ass. Pet whispered to Kathy, "This end is ready and it looks like Uncle Dave is more than ready. It's now or never are you sure you want to lose your virginity?" Kathy just nodded with my cock still in her mouth. I pulled my cock from her mouth and got in place for my first piece of ass. Pet had three fingers of one hand deep in Kathy's ass and was patting her ass with the other. She told Kathy, "I'll stay right here to make sure he goes slow, ok?" Again Kathy just nodded.

I brought my cock up to Kathy's ass and Pet removed her fingers and held my cock. She brought the tip of my cock to Kathy's virgin hole. Very slowly she pushed just the tip in. Surprisingly Kathy's ass opened to allow the head to pop in. Pet held me tight and asked Kathy, "You ok with this so far?" Kathy nodded. I slid in another inch or so and stopped, another inch or so and stop. Soon half my cock was in Kathy's ass. It was so much tighter than any pussy I had ever been in. Pet poured more oil on my cock and I pulled out just a little and was just about to push forward when Kathy gave a loud grown and shoved her ass back hard on my cock. I was balls deep in her ass and just stayed there more from shock than anything.

Kathy looked back at me and smiled and said, "I couldn't wait any more. You would have taken all night. Now fuck my non virgin ass good and hard."

I started pumping in and out slowly at first but Kathy kept slamming back into me. She kept yelling, "Fuck me Fuck my ass Fuck me good and hard!" I started slamming into her and we were fucking fast and hard. Kathy kept screaming, "More More More...." I felt my orgasm build and Kathy felt my cock get bigger and screamed, "Yes Yes Now Fill my ass now." I exploded filling the first ass I was ever in with all I had left. Having cum twice already in the last hour there was a lot more than I thought I could ever shoot.

I fell back on my ass and Kathy fell to the floor. Pet rolled Kathy on her back and started kissing her like crazy. Pet lay next to Kathy and said, "Now that you have had every hole in your body filled with cream, I want you to think about having all three filled ............... at the same time."

Kathy lay flat on the floor and moaned, "Oh God no. I would die right on the spot."

We decided that was enough practice for tomorrow. We need to leave some for Dick. We all got into bed with Kathy in the middle again and Pet and I holding her.

Pet Ownership Ch. 06
byKY ridgerunner©

Chapter 6: Playtime

No one slept late the next morning. Everyone was too excited about our cook-out that afternoon with Dick and Jackie. That's the excuse we used for getting together even though we all knew it was going to be a mini orgy. What I didn't tell Dick and Jackie was about Pet. As far as Dick and Jackie knew they only expected Kathy and myself. Over the big breakfast that Pet fixed we talked about different ways to introduce Pet to the mix. We finally said that we would all just show up together and see how it went. Pet is such a natural flirt that she could get everyone fucking even if we weren't already planning it.

The girls spent the rest of the morning getting ready and it was well worth the effort. Pet had Kathy looking like a million dollars. Kathy has always turned heads but Pet put her over the top and every man that saw her was going to want to fuck her. We made a quick stop on the way, Kathy is of the old school that you never go anywhere empty handed. I thought Pet was enough of a gift but Kathy said that didn't count and we stopped for coffee cake. I just hung back and watched and every man was drooling over these two women and watching every move they made. Many of the women were watching as well, this told me that nothing was going to stop the orgy we had planed.

We got to Dick and Jackie's place about 1:30 and you could see their disappointment that we were not alone but they took to Pet right away. Now Dick and Jackie are not what you would call swingers. They had gotten together with a couple a few years ago and enjoyed it very much until the husband got transferred out of town. We have known Dick and Jackie for about five years and have become very close. They have suggested, without coming right out and saying it, that they would like that type of relationship with us. There has been a lot of flirting between us but nothing more until I called them last weekend and "suggested" it might go farther this weekend.

Everyone knew why we were all there but no one had come right out and said we would be fucking. Pet was flirting her little ass off with every one including Kathy and Jackie. No one was yet ready to take that first step but the sexual tension was heavy. Kathy and Dick went to refresh everyone's drinks. That's when Dick put the move on Kathy. He put his arm around her waist and pulled her to him. He kissed her lightly on the lips and said, "Jackie and I were thinking this would be something different, that we might finally get together. We didn't expect you to bring someone with you."

Kathy had her arms around Dick's neck and pulled back just enough to look in his eyes. She kissed him this time and it was not just a light little kiss. She pulled back and looked at his surprised expression. She told Dick, "It will be. What if I told you that when we go back out there Pet will pull your cock out and suck you off right in front of everyone if I tell her to. You like Pet don't you?'

Dick tried to pull back but Kathy held her arms around him. He stammered, "Well of course, she's a walking wet dream but she would never do that. Just out of the blue go down on a man she just met."

Kathy pulled him in for another hot wet kiss and said, "She will if I tell her to. Don't be surprised at anything that happens." Then she picked up the tray of drinks and headed out the door. It was a couple seconds before Dick followed her.

When she got back to the patio Pet was sitting on my lap. My hand was under her top playing with her tit and Jackie's mouth was wide open. Kathy winked at me and whispered to Pet, "It's show time." Dick joined us and saw what I was doing to Pet. His mouth opened like he was going to say something but never had the chance. Kathy just said, "Pet, go get Dick."

Pet was off my lap and on her knees in front of Dick. She had his shorts down and his cock in her mouth before he even realized what was happening. Jackie almost fell off the chair. Kathy was proud of herself and smiled and said, "I think the ice has been broken. Let's all get down to some real fucking." Clothes were flying every where. Jackie was doing to me what Pet was doing to her husband. A very naked Kathy walked over to Dick. As Pet kept up her blowjob Kathy pulled Dick's mouth to her tits. He was sucking away and Kathy simply asked, "Is this more what you had in mind?" Dick nodded never taking his mouth off her tits.

Jackie was doing a good job on my cock but let's face it, I've had Kathy and Pet all week. Kathy wanted to get to Dick's cock so she told Pet, "Now, Pet." I heard "Oh MY God" in the back ground and knew Dick was losing it. Jackie took her mouth off my cock to look at her husband. I took the opportunity and got behind Jackie and we were the first ones fucking. I just shoved my cock deep into her and she moaned loudly.

This got everyone's attention. Pet had finished off Dick and came to sit next to me. This was her first time watching me fuck someone other than she or Kathy. Since Kathy had watched me fucking another woman, namely Pet, she was sitting with Dick on the lounge chair facing us. Dick was kissing my wife and playing with her tits but his eyes were held on me fucking his wife from behind. Kathy was stroking Dick's cock back to life which didn't take much as he watched me fuck his wife. Pet put her arms around me and said, "I love you Uncle Dave." She gave me a hot wet kiss.

When Jackie heard her call me Uncle Dave her head flew around to look at us kissing and she went over the edge screaming, "Oh God Yes, Fuck me Uncle Dave Fuck me hard". This whole thing had me going and I shot a very big load deep in Jackie's pussy. I was totally lost to every thing around as I kept pumping into Jackie's pussy.

As I started to come down and my cock slipped from Jackie's pussy she fell to the ground and some where in the back ground I heard Dick say, "Uncle Dave?" I looked around and everyone was looking at me. Kathy and Pet looked as though they had been caught doing something no one was to know about. Dick and Jackie both looked like they could not believe what they were hearing or seeing. It was a very long silence which was no more than a few seconds but seemed like forever. Again Dick said, "Uncle Dave?"

Pet was the first to speak, "That's what I call him. It just makes everything so much nastier don't you think?" With that she had my cock in her mouth licking off the combined juice of Jackie and myself. Dick and Jackie started laughing which made Kathy laugh. Pet just looked up at me and winked.

That made everything light hearted and Dick asked, "Well now that you've had you way with my wife, Uncle Dave, I don't guess you would mind if I have a go with yours?"

Now was the moment that we were all waiting for. Everyone there had other sexual partners except Kathy. This was her first strange cock in ten years and Pet was not going to let it go by without making a big deal of it. Pet had my cock very clean and very hard. She got up and walked over to Kathy and sat next to her. She gave her a very loving kiss letting Jackie know that Kathy was also open to other women. She broke the kiss and whispered to Kathy, "This is it. This is what we talked about all last night. You're going to get another man's cock in your hot little pussy and I can't wait to see it."

Pet does everything with great passion, sex, her cooking, her crafts, everything. The more she cares about something the bigger production she makes of it. So you know she is going for the Oscar with this one. Pet stands up and pulls Kathy to her feet. She leads her to me and says for me to kiss my wife for the last time as the faithful wife she has been. When Kathy and I kissed with Pet holding us. It was a kiss that could not be described. It was the kiss of a loving wife, it was the kiss of a woman about to be fucked by someone else. It was a kiss so full of passion and love and lust all at the same time. Then with Kathy between us we walk back over to Dick. Dick is standing with his wife in amazement. Pet has Kathy lay on the lounge chair. She pulls Kathy's legs wide apart putting one on either side of the lounge. Pet walks over and pulls Dick away from Jackie and has him stand at the end of the lounge looking at Kathy's naked exposed body.

Pet takes Dick's cock in her hand and gently strokes it. By now Jackie is standing next to me and does the same to me. Pet looks at Dick with a very serious expression and says, "Aunt Kathy has not been with another man since she married Uncle Dave. It is a great honor she has picked you to be her first. Uncle Dave and I offer you this gift of the most beautiful thing we share and only ask that we be witness to this first union." Pet lets his cock go and comes to stand with Jackie and I.

Dick thought he would just roll over and put it to my wife as I did his. Now it is as if he was picked to deflower a virgin. He just stands there until Kathy reaches up for him. He looks at Jackie and with tears in her eyes she nods for him to go ahead. I'm at as much of a loss as Dick. I have one naked woman stroking my cock and Pet still dressed holding me. They are both crying like they were at a wedding. My good friend is about to fuck my wife in front of all of us. The whole situation is just too unreal then Kathy says, "Now Dick Take me now Fuck me like I know you want to."

I don't care who you are when a guy gets an invitation like that he is going to do some fucking no mater who is around. He lays down on top of Kathy and they start kissing. His cock is laying on her hairy mound. It's not bad, maybe 7, 71/2 inches. Their kisses get more heated and he starts playing with her tits. He is moving his cock up and down Kathy's mound dry humping her.

Pet, always the one to get things going, reaches down and guides Dick's cock to Kathy's pussy and with the next up stroke he is fully in Kathy's pussy. Kathy screams, Dick moans and both girls bust out crying and my cock is ready to explode. I never thought watching another man fuck my wife would be so exciting. As I see his cock slide in and out of Kathy I can feel it myself. Jackie is still stroking my cock but it feels like Kathy's pussy and not Jackie's hand. Dick and Kathy start fucking faster and faster and so does Jackie's hand on my cock. Pet knows I'm about to let go and just as Dick and Kathy both scream they are cuming Pet quickly gets in front of my cock. Jackie is stroking my cock like crazy and my knees go week and I shoot my load into Pet's waiting mouth.

Jackie falls to the chair behind us having her own orgasm watching Dick and Kathy. Pet takes my cock in her mouth and drains me dry. Kathy's passed out, Dick is on his hands and knees looking down at Kathy with his cock still in her. Everything just stayed motionless. Finally I sit back next to Jackie who is still breathing hard. Pet gets up and finally pulling off her clothes as she goes over to Kathy. She gently kisses Kathy's lips bringing her back to life and whispers to Kathy, "Well was it everything I pictured for you?"

Kathy pulls Pet on top of her forcing Dick to get up. She kisses Pet hot and wet and says, "All that and more." Kathy gets a silly grin and says, "Only one thing left to make it complete."

Pet and Kathy both smile and look at me. Pet says, "Uncle Dave I believe your presence is requested." I knew just what they were both thinking and I was between my wife's legs licking away in no time. I couldn't believe I was licking another man's cum from my freshly fucked wife.

I was totally lost in what I was doing, the taste, the smell, everything then I heard Dick say, "Well this is going much better than I thought it would." We all laughed, even me with my mouth full of Dick's cum and my tongue deep in Kathy's pussy. I crawled up over Kathy and we kissed like we had never kissed before and the day had just started.

We all took this as a good time to break and have that cook out we used as a reason to be getting together. We were all still naked except Dick had an apron on working the grill. Dick and I were out by the grill and the girls went inside to fix the rest of what ever we were having. Dick started talking, "When you called last week we were hoping that you and Kathy had agreed to take us up on our invitation. Then you show up with this girl, what did you call her, Pet? Well any way that took us by surprise but she is one hot number. Is she the reason you called us? If so I have to thank her. I've wanted Kathy for a long time now." He kept going on and on with out stopping. He had asked all these questions but never waited for an answer. Then came the question I was expecting and this time he wanted an answer. "So what's the story with Pet?"

I knew the same question was being asked inside and we had not agreed on how we were going to answer it. I thought I would keep it short and simple and just said, "She's staying with us for a while." I figured that any answer Pet or Kathy gave this would go along with it. Then he asked again if Pet was responsible for us getting together. I felt safe with this and told him, "Pet first seduced Kathy" which is kind of right. She went down on her in the car. "Then the two seduced me" which is more or less true.

By now the girls were coming back out and I pulled Kathy aside. The conversation inside was much the same. To the question of our relationship with Pet. Kathy said the same as I did, She is staying with us for a while. Now the question about how the sex started, Kathy's answer was more open ended than mine. She just told Jackie, "Look at her, do I have to say anything else?" Jackie laughed and Pet did a curtsey.

Now we were all back together. Pet was flirting with a naked Dick and Jackie while Kathy and I talked. Even though we were sharing Pet with our friends she was not given to them to do as they wished. Pet was an equal partner and was treated the same as Kathy. Kathy and I rejoined the others and put our arms around Pet, not meaning to, but claiming her as ours. Pet whispered something to Kathy. I knew right away what they were talking about when Kathy answered, "Most certainly, right after we eat and no I don't want to watch. I want to be the one doing it."

The meal was one big sexual tease. No ones body parts were out of bounds and they all got a lot of attention. Since Pet wound up between Dick and myself she got more than her share. Kathy and Jackie didn't get left out even playing with each other from time to time. Kathy had only been with Pet and it turns out that the only woman Jackie had been with was the other couple. That had only started shortly before they move so Kathy in one week had more experience than Jackie.

In the short time Pet has been with us we have gotten use to her waiting on us. None of the three of us realized that she was fixing our plates pouring our drinks and just waiting on us hand and foot. Dick made the comment, "Boy, have you got her well trained." The three of us froze and looked at each other, then bust out laughing. Dick and Jackie both looked puzzled but then Dick said to Pet, "I understand we have you to thank for our get together today. You must tell us how you did it, we've been after these two for a couple years now."

Pet looked at us and sat down and gave them the short version, "I was living with this guy and didn't have the forth sight to look ahead. One day he tossed me out and I had nowhere to go. I worked with Kathy and we became friends. When she heard what that jerk did to me she took me in. I would have most certainly been homeless if it hadn't been for Kathy. I had been with a few women before, not always my choice, but I wanted to show her how grateful I was. I think you two had her primed and she was very receptive to my advance. We shared it with Dave and have been the three of us ever since. I must add that as soon as we shared everything with Uncle Dave and they opened up, their first thought was to call you two so I guess I should thank you as well."

Pet quickly turned the tables before any more questions could be asked about our arrangement. She turned to Dick and asked, "How did the four of you get together. Dick and Kathy never really said. They didn't talk about where it started, they only talked about where they wanted it to go and I think it is going nicely."

Dick took over and said, "My company did a contract job for Dave and he and I had to work closely together and found we had a lot in common. We introduced our wives and they hit off as well. That was five years ago and for the past two we have been trying to get them in our bed. We all did a lot of flirting and teasing but they would always stop just short of crossing the line until today."

Pet automatically started clearing the table. Jackie got up to help since it was her house. I nudged Kathy and she said, "Oh right" then she helped as well like any good wife that doesn't have a house pet. Dick and I finished our drinks before following the girls inside. We were surprised to find Pet loading the dishwasher while Kathy was laying on her back on the table and Jackie was eating her pussy.

Dick and I just stood there watching when Pet noticed us. She was just finishing up and said, "Well it looks like Aunt Kathy stepped over that line you were talking about."

Jackie looked up at us but never took her face away from Kathy's pussy. She smiled at Dick and said, "Oh baby, she was worth the wait. She taste so good you just have to have some of this." Dick walked over to his wife and the two of them shared my wife's pussy.

Pet was stroking my cock and we just watched. She pulled me down to whisper in my ear, "Is it everything you thought it would be?" I just smiled and kissed her. She had my cock rock hard and Dick's was hard from eating my wife. Pet pulled me by my cock over to Kathy's head and said, "Now that you are both here Aunt Kathy has made a request. Being the only one here that has never had this she wants to go first. She wants Uncle Dave in her mouth" she brings my cock to Kathy's mouth, "and she wants Dick in her pussy."

Kathy is already sucking away at my cock. Jackie and Dick stand up and Jackie guides her husbands cock into my wife's pussy. Dick and I started fucking my wife from both ends. We started slow at first then picked up speed. Kathy's legs were wrapped around Dick's waist and her arms were around my waist. She was hanging on to both of us for dear life. Watching Kathy take her first double was too much for me and I soon filled her mouth. Just as I started, Dick was pumping his load into her pussy. Feeling herself being fill from both ends at the same time pushed Kathy way over the edge and she had the biggest orgasm I had ever seen her have.

When my cock was empty I looked around but didn't see Pet. Then I saw Jackie up on the counter with these blond curls bobbing in her lap. Kathy was just laying on the table totally satisfied with her eyes closed and a big smile. Then we all heard this scream, OH GOD! OH GOD!" We all looked and Jackie just fell back on the counter. Kathy just smiled and said, "I told you she was good."

Pet stood up licking her lips and said, "Thanks Aunt Kathy." We all laughed except Jackie who was still in another world on the counter.

Kathy rolled over on her back and smile up at me and said, "I want to try that thing Pet was talking about. What did she call it, a DP?"

Dick and I looked at each other and I said, "Maybe later."

Jackie slowly rolled over coming back to life and asked, "Did I miss anything?"

Dick laughed and said, "Just Kathy asking if she could have a DP."

Jackie was now sitting on the counter and asked, "DP, what's a DP?"

Dick and I both snickered and Pet told her, "It's a double penetration."

Jackie was still not getting it and asked, "Isn't that what she just had?"

Pet walked over to Jackie and stroked her face saying, "This is a little different. This time she wants your husband in her pussy and her husband in her ass at the same time."

Pet Ownership Ch. 06
byKY ridgerunner©

Jackie smiled and winked at Kathy and said, "Oh you little slut. When you open up you go all the way don't you." She looked at Pet and told her, "As much as I enjoyed your attention before I want to see this."

Pet pulled Jackie's legs over the counter and open them wide then said, "If we do it on this side you could have both, but I want to see this myself."

Pet took control and had Dick lay on the floor. She then had Kathy come over and slid down his cock. Once Kathy was firmly on Dick's cock she had Kathy lean forward. Pet wanted everyone involved so she told me to put my cock in her pussy and get it all wet. By now Jackie was standing right next to the action, Pet reached in to Jackie's pussy and used her juice to get Kathy's ass ready. She would finger Jackie and use those fingers on Kathy's ass. When she thought Kathy was ready she had me pull out of her pussy and come over to Kathy's ass.

I stepped up and slowly slid my cock into Kathy's ass, just like I did the night before. Kathy's ass opened for me and I slid easily into her. Now Dick and I were balls deep in my wife. Pet stepped back to let the three of us get our own motion going.

Dick and I started slowly but soon were working together in Kathy's pussy and ass. Jackie walked around the three of them watching from every angle. Pet was just standing there smiling. Kathy looked up at Pet and winked at her then Kathy's eyes rolled back in her head and you could see her going higher and higher.

I was the first to lose it filling Kathy's ass with my cream. Dick felt me pumping into Kathy and he too lost it filling her pussy. As for Kathy, her orgasm started when Dick first entered her and didn't stop until she fell off his cock to the floor.

Pet was on the floor with us and Jackie was standing over us still in a daze. Pet looked up at Jackie and said, "You don't want your floor all messy do you?"

A light went off in Jackie's head and she rolled Kathy on her back and dove between her legs licking her husbands cream from Kathy's pussy as well as my cream from Kathy's ass. Pet took the job of cleaning the guys up starting with Dick.

Pet was licking my cock when Jackie asked, "Pet, do you think you could get him hard enough to fuck me once more?"

Pet took my cock out just long enough to say, "Just have Uncle Dave tell me to and he'll be hard as a rock for you."

Dick and Jackie both were so wrapped up in the sex they never did catch on to the commands. Maybe when they think about it later but right now Jackie just asked, "What about it Uncle Dave, would you like to fuck me one more time?"

I ran my fingers through Pet's hair as she looked up at me with my cock still in her mouth. I just smiled and said, "Make it hard, Pet."

My cock was well on the way but Pet had it hard as a rock in no time. She took her mouth off my cock and still stroking it said,"He's all ready for you Jackie. How do you want him?"

Jackie got on the floor on her hands and knees and said, "Just like last time, from behind."

Dick was picking up Pet's hips saying, "This is one sweet pussy I haven't tried yet."

Pet looked at me with a blank expression on her face. I was just about to say something when she smiled and winked at me. To give my permission I told Pet, "Now show him what you've got, Pet.

Jackie and Pet were both on all fours but facing different ways so Dick and I were looking at each other as we fucked Jackie and Pet. It came to me that this would be the first time Kathy has seen Pet with any other man but me. Kathy was right there on the floor watching Dick's cock slip easily into Pet. She reached under Pet and played with her clit. She could also feel Dick sliding in and out of her. I couldn't tell who was more excited, Pet or Kathy.

My attention was brought back to Jackie's hot wet pussy wrapped around my cock. Jackie's head was back and she was yelling, "OH YES FUCK ME YES I'M READY FILL ME NOW!" Watching my two girls with Dick and hearing Jackie pushed me over the edge and I was pumping everything into her but my eyes were still on the other three.

I fell back taking Jackie with me. We sat there with my cock still deep in Jackie's pussy and watched her husband fucking Pet. Kathy had gotten under Pet and had an up close view of the action. She also had Pet's tongue licking at her pussy.

I know pet's pussy well and when she puts her mind to it no man can last long. Pet looked up at me over Kathy's pussy and winked. I told her, "Now, Pet we have to get home."

Pet's eyes stayed staring at me and with in a minute or so Dick was yelling, "OH GOD THIS PUSSY IS SO GREAT SHE'S DOING OH GOD HERE I " Never taking her eyes from me Pet drains Dick's cock. He falls back on his ass still praising Pet's wonderful pussy. Jackie gets up pulling my cock from her pussy and goes to her husband. Kathy pulls Pet's pussy to her face and the two go after each other.

Thirty minutes later we were all dressed and bidding our goodbyes. As soon as we pulled out of the driveway all three of us bust out laughing. Pet in the back seat with her legs wide open for me says, "That was fucking fantastic!" Then she leaned between the seats and asked, "So did you guys have a good time?" That sent everyone into another round of laughter.

******************

There is only one more chapter planned for this set of stories and if you have read all the chapters so far you can guess what that will be. I haven't worked out the details yet. If you have any ideas please let me know

Pet Ownership Ch. 07
byKY ridgerunner©

Chapter 7: Life With a Pet

Note: Thank you for all your feedback. It seems that people are not ready to let Pet go just yet so I'll keep this going for a while. Please send me your story ideas I'm still working on the breeder but it looks like that might be a while.

*******************

Pet has been with us now for about six months and Kathy and I have gotten use to her being here. In fact we can't remember what it was like with out her. Kathy and Pet both have a lot of a lot of shoes and Kathy is quite the flasher now. They give away shoes once a month just so they can go buy more. What the hell it is only money and they are both so ready to fuck when they get back.

We have been with Dick and Jackie a couple times, once at their place and once at ours. They still have not a clue about the commands. I guess some things people just don't want to see. We had a close call one night when we took Pet out to dinner. We were waiting outside to be seated. Kathy and Pet were flashing and this drunk came over. He asked Pet if she wanted to have a good time.

Now I'm not much of a fighter. I've only had one fight when I was a kid and I lost that one but I stood up to the guy and said, "She is with me."

Before I knew what happened my hand was behind my back and the guy was in my face saying, "I ask her not you asshole!"

Like any good pet, Pet went into attack mode. Her foot flew up and caught his cock good and hard. As he went down she caught his head with her feet and his cock with her hand. She was sitting on a bench and now had this guy right at her pussy which this time happened to be covered with her panties. They wear panties if they're going to be flashing. If it gets good they'll take them off. Any way she had this guy held with her feet and her hand holding his cock. She looked right at him and said, "The man said I was with him. Now unless you want me to rip your cock off right here and now I would suggest you say you're sorry and leave." All the guy could do was nod in her feet. She let his head go but not his cock He stood and she twisted his cock. It looked very painful but he turned to me and said he was sorry. She squeeze his cock hard before letting him go.

Pet did all this in a short skirt then stood and was as calm as could be. She nuzzled up to me and I just ran my fingers through her hair and asked, "Where the hell did that come from. I didn't know I had an attack pet." She just smiled up at me. Kathy was still in shock but came over and put her arm around Pet. Just then they called our name and everyone around clapped as we walked by. Needless to say I was never again afraid to let Kathy and Pet go out together.

Over dinner everyone came by and thanked Pet. It seems that this guy had been causing all kinds of trouble and they were ready to call the police when Pet took care of it. The manager even came over and comped our meal. We asked Pet about her display and she said, "Just because I belong to some one there is still the self preservation factor. Even before Mom and Dad died I had to defend myself. Most women are afraid to garb a man by the balls, after all some men have put me through I don't think twice about it but it has to be a life and death thing." Then she turned to me and kissed my cheek and said, "He was going after my Uncle Dave and I couldn't have that."

I saw Pet in a whole different light after that. She was beautiful, talented and she may not know it but was growing more independent every day. Her hobby with macrame had turned into a business. She started designing clothes. Being macrame they were very open. At first she just wanted to see if she could do it to surprise Kathy and I with her outfits. Kathy took one of her outfits to a very up scale shop and they loved it. She has done skirts, tops, dresses and even pantsuits. Her designs go for any where from $150.00 to $1,000.00 each. That with her $500.00 a week pay check as housekeeper she has well over $30,000.00 in her account. So we know Pet has money, talent, a brain and can kick the shit of anyone who gets in her way, so why is she still our pet? Her staying with us is because she wants to and we love having her. It is where she feels safe and warm and loved. It is good to know she could make it on her own if and when she wants to go but Kathy and I could not imagine what life would be like with out her.

Life that first year was good, very good but not without it's problems. Kathy and I each went through different things with Pet. With Kathy it was punishment. She was having a lot of stress at work and took it out on Pet. Kathy would find things wrong with Pet's performance. She would even give Pet conflicting commands then punish her for not being able to do both. Kathy didn't even realize she was doing it. She had so much going on that it was a way to let off steam and get it out.

I guess it was a good thing Pet was there otherwise Kathy would have been attacking me. Not knowing what was going on I would have reacted to her attacks. That would have caused problems with our marriage. This way I was able to see it from the sidelines.

When it started it was playful little slaps. Those little slaps would give Kathy some relief and she took full advantage of that release. The playful slaps turned into full out spankings. It got to the point that Pet and I could not get together alone without Kathy getting mad. She would punish Pet for the very thing that started this whole thing. Pet was there to have sex with either of us or both of us. That's how it was when we started but Kathy would get upset if Pet showed me too much attention even when we were all together.

This is not to say that the sex wasn't great, it was. Pet was still there for me every night waiting at the door. Most nights I would led her to the bedroom. She would undress me and take my cock in her mouth. I would sit there on the bed enjoying it then give Pet the command, "Now Pet" and she would take my load in her mouth. Some nights I would have her get on the bed and fuck her, other times I would just bend her over the bed and fuck her. I would fill her one way or another. Kathy never had a problem with my coming home time with Pet. I don't know what it was like when Kathy came home.

I watched Kathy and Pet many times together without Kathy punishing her. The three of us had many fun nights together without any problems but two or three times a week Pet would be punished before the night was over. The spankings were getting harder and harder.

I could see Pet's expression go from a happy pet to an obedient one each time it happened. I knew talking to Kathy would not do the trick. She would justify it in some way and not acknowledge it. I started taping our nights together. I knew it wouldn't take long. Then after one night when Katy was very hard on Pet for no apparent reason I showed her the tape. Kathy couldn't believe what she had been doing but it was all there on tape. At the end of the tape I got a close up of Pet's face and her expression.

Kathy took Pet alone into the bedroom. I wasn't sure what was going to happen. I didn't know if Kathy was sorry for the way she had been treating Pet or was going to give it to her good. It was over two hours before I saw them again. The first thing I did was to check Pet's ass and it was not all red. They were hugging and kissing.

Kathy brought Pet over to me. Her leash wasn't around her waist but hooked back at her collar. Kathy handed me Pet's leash and said, "I know you two have not been able to spend the time together you would like and I’m sorry. I want you to take Pet to bed now. She'll be sleeping with us, well with you tonight. I'll join you in a bit."

On the nights Pet was punished she would sleep on the floor at the foot of the bed. Most nights she slept with us but Kathy had said she would be "sleeping" with me. Kathy would join us in bed. Pet's uniform had been removed sometime during that two hours. She stood naked before me with her leash in my hand. Even though Kathy would join us in bed Pet was mine for the night.

I wasn't about to pass this up. I stood and Kathy kissed me with a very passionate lovers kiss. Then she turned and did the same to Pet. I felt strange leading her away but there was a sparkle in Pet's eye and a smile on her lips. We got to the bedroom and I started to ask what had happened but Pet put her fingers to my lips and said, "That is between Aunt Kathy and me. All you need to know is that I am here alone with you and you can do what ever you want with me."

Pet hadn't called her Aunt Kathy for a couple weeks since things started getting worse. I knew that everything was all right. I unhooked Pet's leash and she started undressing me. She took her time but there wasn't much to take off. Soon she was on the floor in front of me stroking my cock. I had missed being alone with my pixie goddess so much. I picked her up and she wrapped her legs around my waist. We were kissing as I walked us over to the bed. I lay her on the bed and for a moment just looked at her, her wavy blonde hair, her beautiful face with crystal blue eyes, her large tits and tiny waist. Her hair had grown back so she had a neatly trimmed bush of blonde hair on her mound. For her size she had legs that seemed long and slender. I believe that the female body is the greatest creation God ever made and this one was the best of all.

I lay down with her and even though I didn't know how long we would have together I didn't want to rush any part of it. I stroked her body and she did the same to me. We kissed, gently, tenderly and lovingly. I kissed my way down to her big beautiful tits. I held one in each hand and kissed and licked first one then the other. I ran my tongue under her tits where they joined her body sending shivers through her body. I kissed and licked my way to her belly button. She has a very sensitive and ticklish belly button. I was now down to her beautiful blonde bush and ran my tongue through the hair. She couldn't take any more and pulled me on top of her and my cock went right into her mouth.

I pulled her legs wide apart and kissed her clit. I ran my tongue all along her slit and around her clit. She was in stage two of her blowjob and that's where I wanted to stay, just enough to keep you going but not enough to make you cum. I feasted on her pussy for a while and it was the nectar of the gods It tasted sweet and pure like a flavored wine with just a bit of a bite. Oh God I wanted this girl so bad.

I pulled my cock from her mouth and had her get on her hands and knees. That sweet ass and perfect pussy looking at me. I walked up and teased her running my cock up and down her slit. Then I slid in to her and it seemed like slow motion. I could feel every inch of my cock slide into her hot wet pussy. When I was fully inside her I reached around and held her tits and just stayed there loving every feeling going through my hands, cock, mind, body and soul. It felt so good to be with her alone again. I started slowly sliding in and out of her massaging her tits at the same time. She was pushing her pussy back against me. We picked up the pace and were going at it hot and heavy when Kathy came into the room.

I froze in mid stroke not knowing what Kathy's reaction would be. When we first got Pet Kathy would have been pleased and happy for us together. Lately Kathy has been very different about Pet and I together and I didn't know just where she was right now. Pet never stopped fucking herself on my cock as she watched Kathy walk in the room. Kathy came over to me and kissed me. She ran her hand all the way down my back and under my ass. She held my balls in her hand and felt Pet's pussy sliding back and forth on my cock. Kathy moved her hand so her palm was right where Pet and I were joined. She kissed me again and said, "Fuck her good baby, she's wanted this for a long time. I want to feel when you empty your balls deep in her pussy."

That was not going to take long since Pet had kept fucking herself on my cock. I guess all I needed at that point was for Kathy to say it was alright. I started stroking again over Kathy's hand into Pet's pussy. My eyes were closed and it only took a few strokes and I was flooding Pet's pussy with all I had. When I opened my eyes Kathy's hand was still there but she was on her knees next to me. I pulled my cock from Pet and it went right in Kathy's mouth. She looked up at me and smiled. Then she went after Pet's well fucked pussy.

Kathy licked every drop she could get from Pet's pussy. Then she stood up and licked her lips saying. "I hope you're not done with her yet. She feels like she wants more." I looked and Kathy's palm was once again holding Pet's pussy. Kathy took my cock in her other hand and pulled me to her. She kissed me and asked, "Should I sleep in the other room tonight and leave you two alone?"

Pet was on her knees on the bed behind Kathy. Her head came just to Kathy's shoulders. Pet put her arms around Kathy and held her big tits in her small little hands. I had the palm of my hand on Kathy's pussy and two fingers inside her. I kissed her and said, "No way....."

Pet finished with, "You belong her with us, all of us, together."

We all got in bed together and I was going after Kathy and she stopped me. She said, "Not tonight. Tonight I want to watch you and Pet." I climbed over Kathy and Pet was on her back. Kathy was gently playing with Pet's tits and kissing her. I slowly pushed my cock deep in Pet's pussy. She gave out a moan into Kathy's mouth. Kathy and Pet kissed the whole time I pounded away at Pet's pussy. Other than the fact that her knees were up and her legs spread wide I was getting no response from Pet. She and Kathy were so into the kissing and stroking. When I exploded deep in Pet's pussy I got a response. She locked her legs around me holding me deep in her. She broke the kiss and yelled, Oh God yes Uncle Dave fill me up!"

Kathy's hand came down to where my cock was in Pet's pussy and she said, "yes Dave, fill that beautiful pussy for me." Pet threw her arms around Kathy and pulled her down for a hot wet kiss as I pumped load after load into Pet's pussy.

Kathy slowly slid down the bed until she was between Pet's legs. I was going to claim this one to be mine but didn't have the energy. I told Kathy as I panted, "You can have this one but the next one is mine."

Kathy licked her clean then did the same to me. We cuddled up with our pet between us. That was the last time Kathy ever punished Pet. Pet never gave us any reason to she did everything we ever told her to do and we told her to do a lot. That brings me to my own problem with power.

Things got back to normal, normal for a couple that have a blonde blue eyed sex goddess as a pet. Kathy wasn't taking out her stress on Pet, in fact they were using sex as a way to deal with her stress. Finally the situation at work was resolved and Kathy went back to how she was. In the meantime it was not unusual for me to come home and not have my pet waiting for me. She would be still taking care of Kathy.

Once again things went back to the way they were. Pet would be waiting for me every night. Kathy and I would share her or go with her alone. Life was good again. Kathy and I have gotten so use to having Pet around that I never even thought before I invited this guy from work for dinner. I did call and tell Pet someone was coming for dinner and would be there about a hour after I got home. It never dawned on me that Pet would be in her uniform. Since I didn't tell her to change she would still be in it.

I got home and as Pet was giving me my welcome home blowjob I was telling Kathy about this guy from work. He was a work friend, I mean we didn't hang out together or go for drinks after work. We had gotten very close at work and talked about a lot of things. I had noticed something different about him the last couple months, but figured he would tell me when he was ready. Well for some reason today he was ready. It was Friday and I was telling him how I was looking forward to the weekend. That is when he lost it and everything came pouring out. His wife had left him about three months ago and he just got the final papers. Without thinking I told him to come by the house and we'd have a nice dinner, maybe a few drinks.

I finished my story when Kathy asked, "What did you tell him about Pet?" It finally hit me the same time I was filling Pet's mouth.

I was taken back for a moment and said, "Well I didn't say anything about Pet." Then as a joke I said, "Well he hasn't had any sex in three months."

We all laughed and that was the end of it. Neither Kathy nor myself thought to tell Pet to get dressed and she won't unless we tell her to. Pet went back to fixing dinner after that wonderful blowjob. She had an apron on and being so small it wrapped all the way around her. I never noticed she was still in her uniform because the apron covered her up.

Well Jim showed up right on time and I introduced him to Kathy. Pet waved from the kitchen as she was busy with dinner. I got us a couple drinks and the three of us sat and talked. His split with his wife being the main topic. Kathy was comforting him telling him that things would get better. Pet had dinner on the table and came to call us to the table. That's when she pulled off the apron. Jim's mouth hit the floor. Kathy and I froze and just looked at each other like didn't you tell her.

Well the cat was out of the bag now. I had to think and said, "Petra, or Pet as we call her, is our cook and housekeeper. I picked out her uniform myself." I laughed trying to break the tension.

Jim's eye were going up and down Pet's body. Never taking his eyes off Pet he said, "I bet you did. Your wife, ah Kathy, she's ok with this?"

Then Kathy opened a whole new can of worms saying, Well she is more than just our cook and housekeeper." I looked at Kathy and she said, "What, you're the one that said Jim hasn't been laid in over three months."

So I guess Kathy is to blame for how I became, offering Pet like that. I said, "Let's talk about this over dinner. It's getting cold and Pet went to a lot of work for this."

I tried to steer the conversation back to Jim and his problems but the only thing that led to was him saying it had been almost a year since he had sex. Now Pet and Kathy were both comforting him. Before things got carried away I said, "Now watch out you two. I can't have people at work thinking they can come over here anytime they want and have sex with my wife. Now if Pet was so inclined I don't see a problem with that. She is single."

The look Kathy gave me could have killed me right on the spot. She knew I was right it is one thing for a single woman and something else with the mans wife. She was still very upset to be left out and would tell me so later. As a command I told Pet, "Be nice to the man" then to cover the command said, "He's been through a lot this year."

Pet picked up on it right away and started paying a lot of attention to Jim which had Kathy ready to kill me. Since she couldn't fuck Jim she was going to make damn sure I was going to give it to her many times tonight to make up for it. She started pouring all this attention on me almost to the point of fucking on the table. All that did was to get Jim's motor running. He was all over Pet before we finished dinner. At the table it never got more than kissing but I know for a fact that Pet can make a man's cock cum just from kissing him. I guess I should say I know from experience.

We finally made it through dinner and Pet started clearing the table. She told us to go in the living room and she would bring in the wine. Jim was still in a daze over Pet, and who wouldn't be. His eyes never left her until she was out of sight. We sat down and Jim said, "She is well she's "

Kathy patted his hand saying, "We know we live with her."

Pet brought in the wine with only three glasses. Again Jim's eyes were on her from the time she came in till she left. Jim asked, "Aren't you joining us?"

She gave him a quick kiss and said, "I will as soon as I finish cleaning up dinner. I'm still working here."

Of course Jim wanted to know all about Pet. First I told him, "This can not get back to work. What happens here stays here, right?" He would have agreed to sign over his house and kids if his wife hadn't taken them. We told him the story about Pet staying with us until she gets on her feet. One night one thing led to another and so on.

He seemed to buy it and Pet was coming in with her glass of wine. She sat next to Jim. We were all talking and Pet would kiss Jim's neck. He would kiss her back. That was when I started absorbing the power. Not wanting to be left out Kathy was doing the same to me. I didn't have time for any of that I was on a power trip and it was like taking a drug. I said, "You know, Pet, if Jim hasn't had sex in over a year I’ll bet he is ready to exploded with all that kissing. Why don't you release some of that pressure. 'Go for it, Pet"

Pet had a surprised look on her face but got right down in front of Jim With everyone in the room watching she opened Jim's pants and soon had his cock out and in her mouth. I don't care if she was in stage one, two or three, this guys was going off. I’m surprised she even got her mouth on it before he shot. Now Kathy had my cock out but I didn't even notice. I told Pet, "Now show Jim what you look without your uniform." She stood right up and unhooked her bra and let it fall in Jim's lap. She took her boy shorts and pushed them right down. Nothing sexy about it just a straight strip.

She was standing naked in front of Jim but was looking at me. I said, "Let Jim feel how soft you are." She looked at me then looked at Jim. She put her foot in and pulled his pants the rest of the way off. She stood between his legs and took one of his hands and brought it to her tit. His other hand she put on her pussy. Jim stayed there without moving. Slowly he started massaging her tit and playing with her pussy. Pet opened her legs wider pushing his open more.

Jim's cock was hard as a rock by now. I told Pet, "Now take his cock and slide it into your pussy." She stepped over his legs and took hold of his cock and sat right down on it. Jim started pumping into her before she was all the way down on his cock. He had both her tits in his hands and she started riding him. I just sat and watched even though Kathy had my own cock in her mouth.

I had never told Pet to fuck another man. When we were with Dick and Jackie she was part of the group and did what she wanted. Here I had told her just what to do to fuck this man. She did everything I told her to do. I felt like a puppeteer in total control over her. I pull the strings and she moves. It was a high I had never known before. I was so absorbed in this high I didn't know Kathy was sucking me off until I shot in her mouth.

Jim suddenly had to leave. All this was just too much for him. As he dressed I reminded him, "If you ever expect a repeat remember, what happens here stays here." He nodded and thanked us for dinner and . Then he left. Pet kissed him good night at the door.

Pet and Kathy both wanted to know what had gotten to me. I said, "I really don't know but I just have to have Pet right now. On the floor, Pet." She didn't question me but got on her hands and knees. I was fucking her hard and fast. Kathy was sitting on the couch watching us. I was so turned on from everything it didn't take me long to fill Pet's pussy. Pet and I fell to the floor.

Finally Kathy asked, "What the hell got into you tonight?"

I sat there with my back against the chair and said, "I truly don't know."

Pet looked at me with a knowing look and picked up her bra and panties. She put them back on and sat next to Kathy without saying a word but kept looking at me. It felt weird but I could feel her thoughts but at the time didn't understand them.

This night was repeated five times in all. There were three different men, Jim from work, a guy I go bowling with named Sam, and a guy from a club I go to named Dwayne. Jim and Sam came over twice. It was the fifth night when Jim was back for his second time. After I had Pet fuck him like I did that first time I told her, "Come over here and give me one of your great blowjobs." She came right over and didn't hesitate taking my cock in her mouth. She looked up at me and I looked down at her. What I saw in her eyes hurt me so much. Her eyes didn't have that sparkle any more. They were blank and dark. What she told me with her eyes was, "I'll do what ever you ask but it is no longer an act of love. I'm just doing as I’m told."

The guilt I felt was overwhelming. I pulled her off my cock and kissed her. I whispered in her ear, "I am so sorry!"

She kissed me back and just said, "I know."

That was the last night I "made" Pet have sex with anyone. Now it was not the last time we all had sex with someone else but Pet was always a willing part. Our control over Pet was for our enjoyment only. We still had her flash and tease other guys but anything else was just between the three of us. I couldn't believe that in less than a year we had done all the same things the other two men in her life had done. Kathy had abused her and I had shared her with my friends. The good thing was that we all got past it and are still very much in love with each other. We went on to many other adventures like our vacation to the clothing optional resort.

------------------------

If you like how this is going please let me know. Any ideas on where you would like to see these three go let me know and I try to work it in. 

Pet Ownership Ch. 08
byKY ridgerunner©

A Gift From Pet

It was coming up on Christmas and Pet seem very down. We had a very nice Thanksgiving just the three of us. As always Pet made a big deal with decoration and the food. It seems we all had a lot to be thankful for this year. Pet came to live with us in January so it was almost a year and what a year it has been. Kathy had taken Pet out for Black Friday, something I try very hard to stay away from. Pet seemed excited to be going shopping but when she came home it was a different story.

Kathy said she was fine until they passed Santa in the mall. Pet made a fine dinner from all the left overs from Thanksgiving. We told her that is what we expected and not to go all out on one of her dinners with all that food still there. We had a nice dinner but you could tell something was not right with Pet.

Kathy and I expected a fine holiday orgy after dinner. Pet would have gone along with anything we wanted but her enthusiasm just wasn't there. Pet had bought a new uniform just for the holiday weekend and she looked great in it. Kathy and I talked while Pet cleaned up. When she was done we asked her to join us. Kathy and I were naked and Pet was still in her uniform. I'm sure she expected the sex even though she was not looking forward to it.

When she joined us we didn't start with all the sex but held her between us. We asked her what was wrong and she tried to pretend nothing was going on. When you have been as close as the three of us have been for as long as it had been you just know. Pet knew there was no hiding it and broke down. She started to cry which is something I have never seen her do. Even with the way Kathy and I both treated her she never cried before.

She started telling her story, "Even before mom and dad died Christmas was something I watched but never had. It got even worse with the other two guys, I was used, abused, and forgotten. The last Christmas gift I remember getting was when I was 12, an easy bake oven."

"Christmas was never a very good time for me. It was the time of the year I was either ignored or use as a party favor. From now to Christmas was the worse time of the year for me. On Christmas eve I was most always left in my room until Christmas night when people wanted to eat. That is how my Christmas has been and I guess it just hit me today."

I pulled Pet on my lap and her legs were around me. I kissed her and said, "This year is going to be different. First I want you to decorate the house from top to bottom. I want you to make a list of things you would like and a list of things you would like to give. Just let me know how much you need."

Her eyes lit up and she hugged me and kissed me saying, "I love you, Uncle Dave." She pulled Kathy in with us and said, "And you too Aunt Kathy."

We were all hugging and kissing and crying. It was a very emotional moment. Then Pet stood up and said, "Now about that holiday orgy you guys were expecting, which one gets to undress me?"

Kathy and I both stood up. Kathy unhooked Pet's bra and we both pulled one of her straps down. We kissed her cheek and worked our way down to her tits. Kathy and I had a tit each and were sucking and licking it. We then kissed our way down her body until we were at her hips. Kathy on one side and I was on the other. I ran my tongue across her belly at the top of her panties while Kathy did the same around her back.

Kathy and I looked at each other across her belly and kissed our way to meet at her belly ring. Pet had both of us licking and playing with her belly ring. Kathy took one side and I took the other and together we pulled Pet's panties. down, kissing Pet along the way. By now Pet's knees were getting wobbly and we lay her back on the floor. Kathy brought her pussy to Pet's mouth. I started eating Pet's pussy.

Kathy was sitting on Pet's mouth facing me. I got up and pulled Pet's legs with me. As I shoved my cock into Pet's pussy Kathy and I were kissing. Pet's hands came up looking for Kathy's tits. I leaned back and watched as Pet was playing with Kathy's tits and Kathy was doing the same with Pet's. I had been sawing in and out of Pet slowly but now picked up the pace. Soon I was pounding her like crazy. By the time I started filling Pet's pussy Kathy and I had both hands on Pet's tits. Pet was holding on to Kathy's thighs and Kathy and I were kissing.

I broke the kiss and fell backward pulling my cock from Pet's pussy. Instead of just bending forward Kathy got off Pet and then got between her legs. All Pet had to do was lay back and enjoy Kathy licking her pussy. Pet was building to a massive orgasm and I think only part of it was due to Kathy. Her body came off the floor and she screamed, "MERRY FUCKING Christmas!" Kathy and I both rushed to hold her as she came down from her orgasm. She turned to me and kissed me and said, "Merry Christmas Uncle Dave." Then she turned to Kathy and did the same.

Kathy and I both kissed her lips at the same time and told her, "Merry Christmas Pet and welcome to the Davidson family Christmas."

Before the weekend was over the house looked like a Christmas wonderland. Pet did an outstanding job on the decoration. We had some things from years past but that wasn't enough for Pet and she bought a lot more. The whole Christmas season Pet was skipping and singing. I have never seen her so happy. She was baking almost every day. Of course this put Kathy and I in more of a Christmas sprit than we had been in for many years. Even though we didn't have kids or family near by Christmas was still a joyous time for Kathy and I but as we found out with Pet it could be so much more.

Just having Pet there made the whole season so much more enjoyable. Before we knew what happened it was Christmas eve. Kathy and I had always exchanged gifts on Christmas eve. About noon we all took showers and dressed. Pet was not in her uniform today, she was family. I’ve known women that looked better dressed than naked and ones than looked better naked than dressed but Pet was just pure beauty either way. She wore a red and green short full skirt with a red top and a santa hat. That's how we found her when Kathy and I finished dressing. Pet was waiting in the kitchen with egg-nog and cookies, all she made herself.

She had fixed a wonderful dinner and we ate around 4:00. After the table was cleared and we had coffee and desert it was time to go in by the tree. Pet was as excited as a little kid. She insisted that we open her gifts first. She hadn't asked for much money and we had no idea what she had for us. She said for us to open them together which we did. Pet had made us matching robes, Kathy's was white and mine black. They were very nicely done and must have taken her a long time to do.

Pet came over to me and started undressing me. When I was naked she kissed my cock and then my lips and put the robe on me. Then she kissed me again saying , "Merry Christmas." She did the same to Kathy so Kathy and I were sitting in our new robes as we exchanged gifts. To me a gift from the heart that takes time, and work and care is so much more beautiful than anything you can buy.

Kathy and I are not so talented and gave Pet a new computer for her business. She was so excited saying there were so many things she could use it for. We're talking state of the art flat screen laptop with anywhere internet access the whole thing but it still wasn't near what she gave to us. She kissed us both and said it was the best Christmas ever. I asked Pet, "Do you have a robe like ours?"

Pet started explaining, "The first one is a pattern and you learn how to do it by making it. It is never totally right but you learn from it."

Kathy told her to go and get it so we could undress her and put her robe on. She went running off and came back with a robe that was black and white. She said it was easier to see what she was doing with the two different colors. I thought it was prefect and didn't see anything different than ours

Now Kathy and I again undressed Pet together as we had that first night after Thanksgiving. We kissed and loved every piece of skin that came into view. Once she was naked it was hard not to throw her on the floor and just fuck the hell out of her. Kathy and I picked up her robe and slid in on her beautiful body.

Kathy and I exchanged gifts and they were loving gifts but nothing like we had already done with Pet. We all sat around on the floor drinking egg-nog and playing with Pet's new laptop. Our robes fell open as robes do when you're playing on the floor so the laptop wasn't the only thing being played with.

The body playing got to be very hot and the computer was pushed aside. We said it was time to take it into the bedroom. Pet turned off her laptop and as we headed to the bedroom I told Pet, "You have to go to sleep or Santa won't come."

She grabbed my cock and said, "Santa is going to be cuming long before I go to sleep."

Once in the bedroom we made sweet love to our little pet. Pet was so worked up from Kathy and I all over her body that when I came in her pussy she had the biggest orgasm I’ve ever seen her have. I've seen Pet have a lot of orgasms, some powerful and some not, but tonight I thought she was going to die on us.

Kathy and I had it arranged that after I fucked her Kathy would get her in a 69 and I would slip out. It was very hard to get Pet to put anything on her Christmas list. Going through ads and things we finally got her to list about 20 things she might like to have. The computer was one she had said would help her business. She was looking at a desk top and not what she got.

With Dick and Jackie's help we managed to get and wrap everything on her list. It was all locked in the car. While Kathy kept her busy I went out and brought everything in and put it under the tree. When I got back to the bedroom Kathy and Pet were both on their backs trying to get their breath back. I climbed in bed with them and Pet kissed me and asked, "Uncle Dave, would you give me one more present for Christmas?"

I stroked her hair thinking what more could she want than what I just put under the tree. I kissed her head and said, "Sure, Pet, anything you want."

She got off the bed and I was afraid she would go in the other room but she stood by the bed and said, "I want to watch you make love to Aunt Kathy,"

I smiled and said, "Now that's a gift I have no problem giving." Kathy and I started kissing and Pet pulled up a chair and watched us. Kathy and I made love slowly and it was as if we were not only making love to each but to Pet as well. When I filled Kathy's pussy and she went over the edge herself Pet was cuming with us.

When she came Pet yelled, "Oh God that was beautiful!" Pet came running and Kathy and I rolled to the side. Pet flew in between us. Kathy and I rolled back over Pet. I pulled up the blanket and that's how we slept Christmas eve.

I knew Pet would get up early to have breakfast ready for us. As soon as I felt her sneak out of bed I woke Kathy. Five seconds later there was a scream like someone broke into the house. Everyone on the block must have heard her. Kathy and I took off running and found Pet sitting on the floor crying. She just sat there crying with one of the gifts in her hand with her name on it.

I went to put my arm around her and she pushed me away. The look in her eyes, I had never seen such fear before. She looked at Kathy and jumped up dropping the package. She started crying again and ran from the room yelling, "NO, NO THIS ISN'T RIGHT! HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?"

Kathy and I looked at each other in shock. We were frozen not knowing if we should run after her or not. Finally we went after her but she was not in the room we all share. She was in her room with the door closed. The room was now her work shop but there was still a bed in there. We knocked but Pet yelled, "GO AWAY!"

I've never seen Pet like this. I opened the door and we went in. She looked up at us and said, "No one has ever been so cruel to me before. Why are you doing this?"

Kathy and I sat on either side of her, but Pet did not want to be touched. I started to put my arm around her but didn't. I asked her, "Pet, I have no idea what you're talking about. We would never hurt you."

She looked at me then Kathy. She started crying all over again. Through her sobs she said, "One day you'll want me to leave like everyone else. The way they treated me it was easy to leave. You make me feel loved and wanted and now this. When you ask me to leave it will kill me. I've never had or wanted anything as much as I wanted this but it is going to end. It always does and you're making it so hard for me when I have to go."

I took her face in my hands. She tried to pull away but I held her tight and said, "When you changed your name to Petra you became family. You don't tell family to leave. If you leave it will be your choice and because you found someone of your own. I'll tell you one more thing, I won't let you go very far and you'll always be welcome here as I hope we will be at your house."

She looked up at me and asked, "Do you really mean that?"

I kissed her and said, "Welcome to a Davidson Family Christmas. Now lets get back in there and see what Santa left for you."

She smiled and asked, "What about breakfast?"

I pulled her to her feet and kissed her saying, "Believe it or not, Kathy and I did eat before you came along."

Pet laughed and we walked back down the hall. Kathy and I both had our arms around her and kissed her all the way back to the tree. We set Pet down in the center of the room with the gift she had dropped. Kathy kissed her and said, "Don't start without me, I’ll put on the coffee."

Pet started to jump up and said, "I'll get it."

Kathy and I both pushed her back down. I held her in my arms and the tears started coming again. I kissed her tears and said, "You have made so many days special for us, today is just for you."

Kathy went to get the coffee and Pet was sitting on my lap. I knew Pet was having very mixed emotions but all I could think about was this naked pixie goddess sitting on my equally naked lap. We were kissing and our kisses quickly went from soothing kisses to passionate kisses. My cock was growing fast. I was all set to pick her up and ram my cock right in her pussy. Then Kathy came in with the coffee. Pet got off my lap and kissed Kathy. Kathy and I sat back on the couch and told Pet to open her gifts.

She opened the first one and the tears started again. She came over to kiss us both and I told her, "You don't need to kiss us after each gift." Then laughing I said, "Just one good Christmas fuck after you open them all will be fine."

Pet kissed me again reaching for my cock. She started stroking me and said."I'm going to fuck you all day long."

She went back to opening her gifts, bawling like a baby after each one. After the second one she pulled Kathy and I on the floor with her. After each gift she would stroke my cock and Kathy's pussy. By the time she opened the last one Kathy and I were both ready to explode. As for Pet her emotions were running so high and wild that if you even touched her body it would explode in a million pieces.

With the last gift open she pushed me on my back and mounted my cock and said, "Get ready for the longest and wildest ride of your life."

She rode my cock hard and fast until I filled her pussy. Then she jumped on Kathy in a 69, When the two of them had my cock hard again she was right back on it again. This went on for three full pussys. I had to finally tell her to stop I couldn't take any more. Kathy was in the same shape but I think Pet could have gone on all day and into the night.

The whole next week she was on cloud 9. She was now planning a big New Years Eve party. She even invited Dick and Jackie. It was going to be a wild orgy long before midnight. The whole week she kept thanking us and you know her way of saying thank you.

Pet had been spending a lot of time on her laptop. A couple days after Christmas she came to me and asked if she could pull $5,000.00 from her account. I told her that money was for her nest egg. She came back and told me, "I want to do something for you and Aunt Kathy for all the things you have done for me. I want it to be my money that I earned." She sat her sweet little ass on my lap and kissed my ear with her lush full lips and whispered, "Isn't that what families do?"

The money was in my account the next day. She didn't want cash but wanted to access it from the internet. She wanted to give us our gift on New Years eve. As soon as I called and told her the money was ready for her she was online.

The party went great. Pet called it a countdown party. When Dick and Jackie got there at six they had to remove something. That was easy they took off their coats but every hour they had to remove something else. Pet would ring a bell to get everyone's attention. She would stand in the center and remove one thing. We would all clap and remove something ourselves. By 11:00 we were all naked and wasted. That's when the orgy started even though there had been a lot of groping before. For the next hour Dick and I fucked all three pussy and had our cocks sucked by all three mouths. I came twice, once in Jackie's pussy and once in Pet's mouth.

At midnight I was fucking Jackie while she ate Pet. Dick was fucking Kathy and when the ball dropped we all went off within seconds of each other. We all disengaged and Kathy, Pet and I came together for a three-way hug and kiss. Jackie and Dick were on the floor kissing and fell asleep in mid kiss. That's when Pet pulled out her laptop and showed us her gift. She wanted the three of us to get away together. She found a resort that was clothing optional. She had booked a room and the plane tickets.


It was a great idea and something we all needed after the year we had . Even with a pixie goddess as a pet, day to day is still day to day, and we needed to get away. Just to add that something special she had booked us for Valentine's week The next month and a half was spent getting ready for the trip. Kathy and Pet needed travel clothes and more shoes. Clothing optional usually means there are areas where you don't have to wear clothes but there are areas where you are required to wear clothes. Kathy and Pet wanted to look just as good either place.

The day finally came and we boarded the plane. Pet was so excited you would think this was her first trip anywhere. We found out that it was. The biggest trip she had ever taken was to a motel to services her master's friends. This was Pet's gift to us but Kathy and I were going to make it a trip she'll never forget.

We got to the resort and for once the pictures on the web didn't do it justice. This was Pet's show so we let her go check in, something else she had never done. She had made the reservation for a suite with a separate bedroom but only one bed. The guy at the desk saw the three of us and asked if we needed another bed. Pet looked at us then back to the man and said, "We won't be needing one." The man just smiled and winked.

We got to the room and it was beautiful. I was looking over the resort map. The only places you were required to wear clothes were the lobby. Then off to one side was the main dining room, and off to the other side was a lounge. Anything from the lobby forward you had to wear clothes, once past the lobby it was optional. From what I could see from the window most everyone chose not to wear anything.

Pet was dancing around the room. She had only been to low budget motels. She couldn't believe how beautiful it all was. By the time she got to me at the window Pet was naked. She put her arms around me and laid her head on my back She said, "I didn't know anything could be this beautiful."

I turned in her arms and she started undressing me. I ran my fingers through her hair and said, "We will have to do a lot more traveling. There is a world out there just waiting to see you." Pet was no longer taking my clothes off, she was ripping them off. My clothes were ripped to pieces and Pet was on her knees with my cock in her mouth.

Kathy came walking out of the bathroom and saw us by the window. She walked around picking up my torn clothes and said, "I take it that Pet likes it here?" Pet was in stage two and I could have stayed there all day but Kathy wanted to check the place out. Kathy walked over to us and we both had our hands running through Pet's hair. Kathy said, "Now, Pet." Then she kissed me. I still have not gone longer than 20 seconds with Pet. Kathy held the kiss as I filled Pet's mouth with the first of many loads this weekend.

You had to carry a towel with you to sit on so the three of headed out with just our towels. Kathy and I have traveled a lot but never have we walked down the hall of a resort stark naked. We got in the elevator with three other people just as naked and rode down to the main floor. There was another dining room out the back that was clothing optional but no one was wearing anything, even the waitress. Now I know Pet had never been anywhere so all this was new to her. Sitting in a restaurant on our towels and ordering lunch naked was just as new to Kathy and I.

Sex in the open areas was prohibited, right. Around every hidden corner or behind every bush there was sex everywhere, if you looked for it. Of course all three of us were looking every where. The dining room wasn't set up with tables as such, it was more like long picnic tables all put together. There were three rows of these long tables. The place was very busy.

A man and his wife sat across from us and the waitress came to take their order. They said there would be a third but placed their order. We were sitting on one side of the table, Kathy was on one side and Pet was on my other side. The couple sat across from us. Soon they were joined by a nice looking young man. They were all as naked as we were. They introduced their selves and we got to know each other over lunch. They were the people from the elevator.

The wife was Sally and her husband was Jim. The other gentleman was Jeff. Their situation was somewhat like ours, Jeff was not a submissive or pet like Pet was. He was Jim's best friend and lived next door. They had been doing the three-way thing for about two years. They come here often and knew the resort well and offered to show us around. We didn't go into detail just saying that Pet lived with us.

After lunch Jim, Sally and Jeff took us on a tour of the resort. You couldn't miss the fact that both Jim and Jeff had the same access to Sally. Kathy and Pet made sure anyone could tell I was with both of them equally. The first stop was a little known area by the pool. Sally and Jim took Kathy and I back there leaving Pet and Jeff. I thought they would join us and I know Jeff wanted to, after all we're talking about Pet.

Sally and Jim started getting it on and Kathy and I followed right behind. This was the first time I had fucked Kathy without Pet in some time. Even though we were with another couple it was just Kathy and I. I was fucking Kathy from behind so she could watch Jim and Sally. Watching these two strangers was getting to Kathy. She couldn't take her eyes away from Jim's cock going in and out of his wife. The moment I entered Kathy she started cuming. It's a good thing because I didn't last long and soon filled Kathy's pussy.

Sally said, "You better clean each other up. Don't want to go around dripping all over the place. We had been there just over an hour and I had cum in Pet's mouth and Kathy's pussy. I was wiped. While Sally and Jim got into a 69 I came out and told Pet that Kathy needed her. Pet went back and found Sally and Jim 69ing and Kathy's pussy full of cream. Pet went right down on Kathy and Jim shot another load into his wife's mouth. Seeing two women together is something Jim doesn't see everyday like I do.

Jeff and I had a few minutes to talk and I said, "I can't believe you and Pet didn't join us."

Jeff's cock was rock hard and he said, "She is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. It was all I could do not to cum just being with her. We have all been together for a while but never with anyone else, but God this was the first time I really wanted to."

The four of them came walking out and Jim told Jeff what he missed. Pet smiled and said, "He only missed it this time."

All three of them looked at Pet in disbelief. The six of us spent about a hour touring the resort. We agreed to meet for dinner and some drinks. Kathy , Pet and I went back up to the room for a nap, like that was going to happen. By the time we got to the room Pet was going on and on about Jeff. She was saying, "What's the mater with him. He's the first man I ever met that didn't want to fuck me or at least kiss me."

I pulled Pet's back to me with my arms around her and said, "He wanted to fuck you in the worse way, but they have only been with each other. They like to watch and be watched by other couples but it never went any farther."

Pet turned in my arms so she was facing me. She kissed me and said, "Maybe this weekend that will change. Right now I need to be fucked."

I knew the nap was not going to happen, not right away anyway. Pet and I were on the bed fucking our brains out while Kathy took a shower. She came out just as I emptied into Pet. I rolled off Pet and Kathy said, "My turn." Kathy went down on Pet and I finally got my nap. They were soon sleeping on either side of me.

We woke around 5 and Pet jumped out of bed waking Kathy telling her they only had an hour to get ready. I totally didn't understand. What's to get ready we are all going down naked to the dining room to meet some people equally naked. It did take most of the hour for the two of them to do their hair and makeup and everything. Just as we were leaving Kathy asked, "How do you seduce a man into fucking you when everyone is already naked?"

Pet held the door open for us and said, "Watch the master work."

Pet has every other woman at a disadvantage. She just walks into a room with or without clothes and every man there wants to fuck her. Her problem is keeping every man there from fucking her and as we have seen she can do that. Her challenge tonight is that they both want to fuck her but don't have permission to. Our target tonight is Sally, Both men want to fuck Pet and they were both eyeing Kathy most of the time we were together.

When we got to the dining room Sally, Jim and Jeff were just getting there. We changed the seating when Kathy and Pet pulled Jeff with them. That left Sally between me and her husband. I was telling Sally how much I enjoyed watching her and was looking forward to seeing it again. I don't think she realized it but she put her hand on my naked thigh and leaned in and said, "Maybe next time you can watch me with Jeff and I can see you with Pet."

I put my hand on top of hers and said, "How about next time you and I can watch Jeff and Pet." She tried to pull her hand away but I held it and pointed with my head at Jeff. She looked and Jeff was looking down in his lap. Either Pet or Kathy had hold of his cock, or both. It must have been Pet because Kathy got up and walked around and sat on the other side of Jim. Sally watch as Kathy took Jim's hand, as they were talking, and put it on her thigh just as Sally had on mine.

Sally looked back at me and stammered that they never did anything with any one but each other. As she talked I slowly brought her hand up my leg. Her finger tips were just touching my cock. She looked down at her hand next to my hardening cock. She looked at Jeff and you could tell his hand was on Pet's leg or higher. Sally looked over at her husband. Kathy had brought his hand all the way up to the side of her pussy. She had let his hand go and he didn't move it either way. Kathy's hand was the same place on Jim's leg that Sally's was on mine.

Everyone was just on the edge and Sally could tell it was up to her to either stop it or give her approval. Sally looked back at me for just a moment and her hand grabbed my cock and she kissed me. Pet and Kathy had their guys look at what Sally was doing. Jeff kissed Pet and who knows what under the table. Jim kissed Kathy and his hand went the rest of the way into her pussy and Kathy took hold of his cock. The only question now was, after dinner was it their place or ours.

After dinner we skipped drinks and dancing and everything else and just headed to our room. The ride in the elevator was some ride. We were all kissing and playing with someone we had only met a few hours ago. All I can say is that it was a good thing it was not a glass elevator. We got to the room and Kathy and Pet looked at each other and jumped on the bed. They knew Jim wanted another show and Jeff hadn't seen them yet. They were ready to go after each other and Pet turned and said, "You are more than welcome to join us." the guys started for the bed when Pet said, "Sally."

Sally was stammering something no one could understand but we took it as a no thank you. Jim and Jeff got on either side of the bed watching Kathy and Pet. I was leaning back against the tv holding Sally in my arms. Her back was to me and my hands were running from her pussy to her tits and back. She was getting as turned on as the guys watching my two girls together. As I played with her body I was whispering in her ear, "You would look very good in there. If you have ever thought about it Pet is the one to start with. She turned Kathy around. Pet was the first woman Kathy was ever with. Pet can love a woman every bit as good as she can a man. How can you resist that face, those tits, that beautiful pussy. Pet's pussy just begs to be eaten."

The next thing I knew Sally had pushed through my arms and rolled Pet off of Kathy. She dove into Pet's pussy like her life depended on it. Kathy never missed a beat. She just turned and went down on Sally. Jim and Jeff both fell to the floor next to the bed. Their legs just gave out. Here was the woman they had both love for two years eating and being eaten by two women. I don't know which pussy pushed her over but Sally screamed and gripped Pet's ass pulling her into her face. Her legs locked around my wife's head holding her to her own pussy. Sally's body went totally stiff then fell to the bed

Kathy and Pet got off the bed leaving Sally laying there. Jim and Jeff were afraid Sally had a stroke and died. They jumped up on the bed and Sally opened her eyes and smiling said, "I had no idea it would be like that." Jim kissed his wife for the first time with another woman's juice on her lips. Sally pulled Jeff to her and kissed him and said, "We got to get you a girlfriend, just make sure she likes eating pussy."

Pet had been running the show and I had let her so far. She expected to be with Jeff now. I took control back and pulled Pet to me. I gave her the commands and if she had a tail it would be wagging, I told her, "Sally is only half way there. I want you to go over there and go after Jim. When you get her to lick her own husbands cum from your pussy, I’ll take her back to her room and you and Kathy will have both guys to yourself."

She kissed me and went to the bed. She crawled like a cat over the bed. Pet pushed Jeff out of the way which totally surprised him. Now it was just Sally, Jim and my Pet on the bed. Kathy came over and took Jeff's cock in her hand to keep him from jumping in.

Pet went right over to Sally and started kissing her. Sally pulled back at first. Pet brought Jim's cock up between their lips and started licking it and kissing it. Sally started doing the same to her husband. As they both licked and kissed the top of Jim's cock, their tongues and lips would touch. Soon Pet had Sally locked in a full tongue twisting kiss. Pet's lips were still touching Sally's when she asked, "Did you like licking my pussy?" Sally nodded but never took her lips away. Then Pet told her, "Your going to love it even more when it is full of your husband's cum." Sally eyes closed and she started kissing Pet.

That's all Pet needed. She had Sally lay length wise on the bed. Sally would have done anything Pet told her at this pont. Pet's lips never left Sally's as she got her in place. Pet had Jim's cock in her hand and pulled him with them. Jim was now at the foot of the bed. Pet broke the kiss and before getting into a 69 with Sally told her, "Now you are going to see your husband fuck me up close. Then you're going to suck your husband clean and then my pussy with all his load still in me."

Sally only nodded and Pet kissed her way down Sally's body. When she was over Sally's pussy she looked back at Jim and said, "Fuck me Jim. Fuck me right over your wife's face so she can see you going in and out of me." Pet lowered her mouth to Sally's pussy just as Jim shoved into Pet's pussy. Sally groaned but I’m not sure if it was Pet's mouth or watching her husband fuck another pussy for the first time.

Jim started slow not knowing just how Sally was going to react. Sally reached up to play with his balls and she licked where Jim and Pet were joined together. That was the go head Jim needed and started fucking Pet hard and fast. After watching the three women on the bed and Pet's fantastic pussy Jim was not going to last long. Pet can get any woman off as fast as she can any man. Soon she had both husband and wife screaming they were cuming.

Jeff was standing there watching this all so Kathy went down and took him in her mouth. When Sally and Jim went off so did Jeff. Jeff's legs got weak and Kathy sat him in a chair but kept up licking and sucking his cock.

Jim shot so much cum into Pet it was already leaking into Sally's mouth. Jim stumbled back and his cock popped out of Pet's pussy and fell right in his wife's mouth. Sally went after her husband's cock like a starving calf. So much so he had to pull it away. As soon as he did Sally pulled Pet's pussy down on her mouth and licked every drop of her husband's cum from her.

Pet hadn't cum yet, she was too intent on her command. She didn't have a problem with that knowing there would be much more before the night was over. Pet rolled off Sally and winked at me as if saying, "Mission accomplished,"

Kathy was now sitting on Jeff's lap and Pet came to join me. Jim lay down next to his wife. Pet and I sat on the bed with her on my lap. We could just hear Jim and Sally whispering their endearments to each other. I told Pet to fix drinks for everyone so we could take a break. Pet did as she was told and soon we were all sitting around with drink in hand talking about what had happened in the last hour.

Jim started to say something but Sally put her fingers to his lips. Since she had experienced most of what happened she had the most to say. She started, "We have been coming here for a while and have met a lot of naked people, but never have we met any one like you three. Right after lunch I knew my two guys wanted some new pussy. That is something that has never happened before. None of us have ever even thought about doing what we just did. I must admit I was hurt seeing the look of lust Jim and Jeff had for Kathy and Pet. We all talked about it when we got back to our room. Most of the talking was done while one of them was fucking me, we were all so hot."

"I felt selfish keeping both men to myself since they had never even wanted another woman. I was getting all their attention. They both assured me nothing could ever changed their love for me and I know that to be true. We agreed to see just where this would lead. I never expected it to lead to what has happened here. Not in my wildest fantasies could I have believed this would happen, but it has. I had accepted the fact I would be watching my guys fucking these two beautiful women." She looked at Jeff with Kathy still naked on his lap. Then said, "I was serious when I said Jeff needs to get a girlfriend that likes eating pussy."

"I think bringing another woman into our little group will be all we will ever need. A night like tonight, fucking total strangers will never happen again." We all felt that our night had come to an end. Then Sally got off the bed and pulled me away from Pet to stand next to her. She kissed me with such passion and was stroking my cock. She turned to the rest and said, "I'm taking Dave back to our room and you two can stay here and enjoy yourselves. Remember, this is a one time thing. After this our goal is to find Jeff a woman we can all love as much as he loves me."

I didn't even have a chance to kiss either Kathy or Pet goodbye. Sally lead me right out the door leaving all four with their mouths open. It didn't take long to get to Sally's room, they were on the same floor. We were all over each other and by the time she opened the door I was ready to just push her on the bed and fuck her crazy. Once inside the room she turned in my arms and said, "I've never done anything like this in my like. Like I told Jim and Jeff, this is a one time thing. I want you to fuck me like my husband just did, hard and fast for as many times as you can."

I pushed her right on the bed and slid my cock deep into her. We were both so worked up neither of us lasted long. I was filling her pussy and she was screaming her own orgasm. I fell next to her, Then she wanted to talk about what happened in the other room. So that's what we did all night. We would talk, well she did most of the talking, When she got too worked up over it we would fuck again. All totaled I fucked her three times and we ate each other twice.

In the other room it was a totally different story. They did very little talking and a lot of fucking. When Sally and I left Pet came over and whispered to Kathy, "I guess I’m all yours to command tonight."

Kathy smiled and said,"Before either of these guys will be any use to us we have to get them off. You go show Jeff how your 30 second blowjob feels and I’ll do Jim."

The two guys were still sitting there not believing their Sally had left with me. It wasn't long until they both had a hot wet mouth on their cocks. They looked at each other then at the woman sucking their cocks. The reality of the night hit them at the same time as they both came in Pet and Kathy's mouth. Pet was the first to take on both Jim and Jeff with Kathy cheering her on. Something they don't get everyday like Sally does. Since I’m the one that normally gives Pet her commands, Pet had to keep reminding Kathy, "Just tell me what to do."

Two women together is something Jim and Jeff don't see so there was a lot of Pet and Kathy. They love doing it and it always got the guys hard again. Kathy told Pet to lay on the bed. She had Jeff get between her legs and start fucking Pet. Kathy watched for a moment then got over Pet in a 69. She looked back and told Jim to fuck her. Pet and Kathy were licking the cock and pussy in front of them. This drove the guys nuts and they were soon filling each pussy with cream. When the guys fell back Kathy and Pet went after the cum filled pussy in front of them.

This had the guys up and ready and that's how their night went. One combination after another, all of them combinations that could not be done with one woman. None of them had gotten much sleep when I called and told Pet to have them meet Sally and I for brunch.

Sally and I were already there when her two men came dragging in. She looked at Pet and Kathy and asked, "What did you do to my guys? I won't get fucked for a week."

Pet gave her a kiss and asked, "Didn't Uncle Dave take care of you last not? He always gives me a good fucking."

She started saying ,"Well yes he did but" then it hit her, "Uncle Dave?"

Kathy kissed her this time and said, "She just calls him that but for some reason it makes it more exciting for all of us."

I jumped in and said, "If Jim and Jeff can't take care of you I’m here."

Sally stood her ground and said, "That was a one night thing and the night is over."

Jim put his arms around his wife and kissed her saying, "That might be but I would love to see "Uncle Dave" with Pet."

Sally admitted, "That's something I would love to see myself. In fact I wouldn't mind the same view I had yesterday with her and my husband." We all laughed but knew what the afternoon had in store.

We finished brunch and kicked back by the pool for a while getting to know each other a little more. They only live about an hour from us back home. Sally kept insisting it was a one night thing. She was holding strong until Pet said, "How about just until Jeff finds a girlfriend." Sally gave in on that one. Then Pet jumped up and said, "I could take Jeff up to my room and get on my laptop and start looking for a girl right now."

Sally jumped up pulling me with her and said, "You're not taking Jeff up to your room without me." I think she meant us since she was pulling me with her. Kathy and Jim weren't going to be left out so they followed the rest of us. What surprised everyone was that once in the room Pet took Jeff and sat at the table. She really did pull out her laptop and signed on.

Most of the chat rooms Pet goes to are on submissives and she didn't want to go there so she pulled up a dating site. She built Jeff a profile and they started chatting. As interesting as that may be the four of us were expecting some fucking. Sally herself started things going when she said, "Let them play with their computer. I want to get fucked. " She grabbed my cock and said, "with this."

She pulled me on the bed on top of her. Jim and Kathy soon joined us. Jim and I were fucking each other's wife with a good steady pounding. Kathy was on her hands and knees getting fucked from behind, she loves it that way. Sally was on her back with me between her legs. Kathy leaned over Sally and they started kissing. They broke the kiss and together screamed their orgasm. Just seconds later Jim and I fill both their pussy. As soon as Jim and I pulled out Sally pulled Kathy over her face and went down on Kathy's pussy. Jim just sat and watched.

I looked over and Pet had Jeff all set up and he was chatting away with someone. Pet had gotten on the floor and was sucking his cock. Pet saw me watching her and winked. I winked back and whispered, "Now, Pet." Jeff's eyes flew open and he was gone. Pet licked her lips and got back in the chair. She told Jeff she would e-mail him the information to get back in the chat room. He couldn't even move so Pet signed him off. I simply told Pet, "I think it is time for drinks." She got right up and started fixing everyone a drink.

With everyone recovered somewhat Jeff said, "I thought we were going to watch "Uncle Dave" and Pet together."

Pet was sitting on the floor in front of me. I was running my fingers through her hair. She looked up and smiled. I smiled back and asked, "Ready Pet?"

She stood up and said, "I'm always ready for you Uncle Dave."

I told Pet, "Get on the bed on your hands and knees." Pet did as she was told and I said, "Why don't we make it a family affair." I took Kathy's hand and led her to the bed. She lay down in front of Pet with her legs wide open. I took my place behind Pet. I rubbed my cock up and down Pet's pussy. She went down on Kathy as I shoved into her.

The three of them stood around watching us do what we have done almost every day for over a year. As for Kathy, Pet and I we forgot anyone was even there. We have worked as a team for so long it just fell into the motion. I usually cum first then pet and finally Kathy. Today was no different. Well there was one difference. As soon as I pulled out of Pet Sally went right down on her. Sally had been between my legs watching me fuck Pet.

After our little show we said goodbye and went back to our own room. This was to be our time away together after all. The three of us never left the room again until we checked out. We asked Pet if she was thinking about being Jeff's new girlfriend. She just laughed and said, "Hell, no. He's a good fuck but not someone I would want to breed with the rest of my life."

During our time in the room we talked about our trip and made plans of other places and things we wanted to do together. We had a great time together and the next morning we went back to our everyday life, which is better than most men's wet dreams.



Pet Ownership Ch. 09
byKY ridgerunner©

Chapter 9: Ever Been Camping?

(There are two versions of this chapter. Some have requested that Pet be introduced to real incest meeting a loving family. For those of you that like the story the way it is going they meet two couples also camping. Both versions will be posted at the same time. Thank you and I hope this does not upset anyone.)

When we got back from our trip that was all Pet could talk about. I asked her one night if she had ever been camping. She looked up at me and said, "Does fucking three guys in the woods when we were on a picnic count?"

I ran my fingers through her hair and said, "No baby that doesn't count. How would you like to go for three days out in the woods, using tents, and cooking on an open fire, then lay there looking up at the stars?" Then I pick her up and set her on my lap shoving my cock deep in her pussy and say, "Would you like a real good fuck in the woods with someone who loves you?"

Just then Kathy walks in and says, "Oh, God. We haven't been camping in years. I don't think we still have any of our camping equipment. I miss those days. Pet. you can't imagine what it is like fucking out in the open, with the trees and the wind and the sky above you. I'm so excited I'm dripping."

I slide to the floor with Pet still on my cock and Kathy brings her pussy to Pet's mouth. Pet takes one lick from Kathy's pussy and says, "God you are wet. Is it that good?"

Kathy moans, "Almost as good as what you're doing to me right now." Pet went off flooding my cock which sent me off filling her back up. Kathy had been cuming from the moment Pet licked her.

When we all calmed down I said, "Well with that reaction I guess we'll just have to go."

That weekend we took Pet to the sporting goods store. We got a tent that sleeps six, we figured the three of us could get wild in there. We bought sleeping bags and lanterns. The young man helping us was following Pet like a puppy dog. We went over to the cook stoves and I told Pet to get what ever she wanted since she would be doing the cooking. Kathy and I went looking around and the salesman took all the time needed to show pet every stove and how each one worked. By the end of the day I had spent $5,000.00 including the trailer to haul it all in.

We were all set. All we needed to do was pick up food and drinks on the way. We just left everything in the trailer. We didn't want to go on the weekend with everyone else. It took a couple weeks before Kathy and I could get three days off during the week. We would leave Tuesday morning and come back Thursday night. It is just a couple hour drive up there. The site Kathy and I used to go to was 1 ½ hours up the highway then another ½ hour back into the woods.

Pet gets so excited over everything. There is so much she has never done. Now she wants to do it all. On the way up Pet had a million questions. She brought her laptop just to see if it would work out there. I told her roughing it in the woods doesn't include e-mail. We pulled off the highway and Pet was looking at everything. There was still another ½ hour drive into the woods. Finally we got to the spot we used to use. It hadn't changed at all. It was government land so there was no building there.

It had been a while since Kathy and I went camping and these new dome tents were very different. With all three of us working it took an hour to get it up. Now we started unloading the trailer. Pet set up her camp stove. We were having cold cuts for lunch and would cook breakfast and dinner. With in two hours the camp site was set up. We had fire wood ready for tonight. The sleeping bags were in the tent and blankets around where the fire would be. Now that we were all set I stripped naked and put my clothes in the tent. Kathy and Pet did the same. It was time for three naked people to go exploring.

Pet was like a little kid chasing everything, climbing everything, rocks, trees, Kathy, me. Actually she was going down on me. Pet grew up fast, she grew up hard and she grew up sheltered. Now she was like a butterfly let lose in to the world, now she had wings. I thought to myself that this must be what it is like having kids, seeing everything all over again through their eyes. We saw rabbits and squirrels and even saw a deer in the distance. There is no lake but the beavers had damned up the creek.

We made our way back to the camp site. I started the fire and Pet started her cook stove. Tonight was just going to be burgers and beer. Soon I had a nice fire going to ward off the night chill. Pet called out, "The burgers are hot and the beer is cold." We all fixed a plate and sat around the fire, Pet on one side and Kathy on the other. Except for the couple times Pet had to go down on me in the woods, we had all been naked for several hours without any real sex.

The whole thing was getting to Pet and when she gets excited it goes right to her pussy. Pet was needing to be fucked and fucked now. She took my plate and beer and sat them aside. Then she sat on my lap shoving my cock deep in her pussy. She started bouncing up and down on my cock. She kept saying, "Thank you Uncle Dave. Thank you for bringing me here. Thank you for fucking me ......."

I was only half hard when she sat down on me but with her big tits in each hand and my cock in her sweet wet pussy. I was soon rock hard. Much too quickly I was filling her pussy. She didn't care and was cuming with me. She sent the birds flying when she yelled, "Oh God yes Fuck me Uncle Dave Fill my pussy Fill it full Yes fuck me Yes, yes, yyyyyeeessss!"

She finally fell limp on my chest. She was kissing my neck over and over. She looked up at me with those big blue eyes and said, "Thank you for everything you've given me." What could I do? I pulled her face up and kissed her. We rolled over on the blanket with me on top. My cock was still hard and still in her. I started pumping in and out of her all over again. With her legs locked tightly around me we fucked again.

Just as I pumped the last of my load into Pet, Kathy came by and said, "Hey, leave some for me."

Pet's legs dropped down and I pulled my cock from her pussy. She ran her fingers in her well fucked pussy and said, "I've got this for you while Uncle Dave has a chance to rest. You know it always gets him hard."

Kathy was down licking Pet in nothing flat. I brought my half hard cock to Pet's mouth. She cleaned off our combined juices as I watched Kathy going after Pet's pussy. Sure enough I was hard again. Pet took my cock from her mouth and kissed it and told me, "Fuck her good Uncle Dave." I got behind Kathy and shoved my cock balls deep in her pussy. She moaned into Pet's pussy but never stopped eating her. Soon I was pounding Kathy's pussy shoving her more and more in to Pet's pussy.

Kathy went off first then Pet. I finally came filling my wife with what was left of my cream. When I pulled out of Kathy she knee walked up Pet's body and sat on Pet's face saying, "Clean my Pussy, Pet." Pet had just been fucked twice and eaten to several orgasms so she was pretty wiped herself but just went right after Kathy's pussy. Having cum three times in less than an hour there wasn't much and didn't take long. Pet brought Kathy to one more orgasm before she was done.

Even with the fire the night air was getting cold so we moved on in to the tent. We were all so done in from the sex we just cuddled up under the sleeping blankets and went to sleep. We had an air mattress and one sleeping bag under us and two sleeping bags as a cover so we were all nice and warm, not to mention the body heat we were all giving off.

I woke the next morning to what I thought was Pet giving me a blowjob. I look down and it was Kathy, Pet was already fixing breakfast. It seems Pet was already to give me what I expected when she saw Kathy's eyes open. Pet went down on her instead. Kathy told Pet to go make breakfast and she would wake me up. She hasn't had much of a chance to do that since Pet came to live with us. Pet yelled, "Come and get it!" There was just something about the timing and the way she said it and I did cum right in my wife's mouth.

We had a nice breakfast and were kicking back drinking our coffee until the sun was fully up. Pet wanted to do some more hiking, with a little fucking in the woods. I told her, "Watch out you never know what kind of wild creatures you'll find in the woods." She only went romping close to the camp site and finally climbed a tree. She was watching me fucking my wife from the tree like a peeping Tom. She sat there watching until Kathy and I finished and were 69ing each other.

Pet came back to the camp and started fixing us a lunch and packed it up. Then she came over to where Kathy and were lying. She pulled me to my feet and said, "Let's all go for a hike. I packed us some lunch. When we stop to eat maybe lunch won't be all that is eaten."

Who is going to turn down an invitation like that? I wasn't. So off we all go hiking through the woods. We had been gone about 30 minutes when we saw a fire and heard noises that sound like someone was moaning. We got closer and saw two couples fucking. There was an older couple and a younger couple. The only thing was that the older man was fucking the younger woman. The young man was pounding the older woman.

Pet not being afraid of anything walked up to the edge of their camp site and said, "You were right Uncle Dave. You never know what kind of wild creatures you'll find in the woods."

They all stopped like deer caught in the headlights. By now Kathy and I had joined Pet and she said, "Hi, I'm Pet and this is Uncle Dave and Aunt Kathy."

The older woman spoke first and said, "Hi my name is Mary and that's my husband John over there fucking my best friend from work, Sue." Then she looked down at the man below her with his cock deep in her pussy and said, "This is Sue's husband Chris."

I stammered and said, "Maybe we should come back another time."

Mary said, "You're more than welcome to stay. The more the merrier. Is she really your niece?"

I grabbed Pet from behind and took a tit in each hand and said, "No that is just a pet name she likes to use. It makes her feel so naughty when I fuck her."

John went back to fucking Sue and said, "You're more than welcome to fuck her now if you like."

That was all Pet needed and pulled me in by the fire. She got on her back and said, "Let's do it Uncle Dave. Give it to me good."

I never pass up a chance to fuck my little pet. She had her legs pulled up and her pussy waiting for me. I slid right in and was soon joining the other fucking couples. I heard Kathy say, "Mind if I join you?" I thought she was talking to me and looked. Kathy was lowering her pussy to young Chris. Kathy took Mary's tits in her hands and kissed each one. From the shocked look on Mary's face she and Sue had never gone that way.

Since I started last I also finished last. Everyone was watching Pet and I. Pet screamed and I shot off. I pumped everything I had into her. When I slid out of Pet, Kathy was right there. There was a collective gasp. John and Chris came close to watch my two girls. Mary and Sue were standing together watching with their mouths open. I don't think they even realized it was not their own tit they were playing with but each other's.

Pet and Kathy rolled away from each other and Kathy said, "God that was good" more for Sue and Mary's benefit than anyone else's. With four girls and only three men it wasn't even as we sat around the fire finally getting to know each other. Pet had picked up on Chris and Sue had joined me. Kathy was with Mary and John. Mary seemed to be the leader of their little foursome. She and John were having their own conversation with Kathy while Pet and I got to know the two young people sitting with us.

What we got from Sue and Chris was that Sue and Mary work together. They had become fast friends despite the age difference. Mary invited Sue and her husband over for dinner one night. Everyone got along very well and soon they would all hang out together, going places together. There had been a lot of flirting and teasing for a few months then on New Years eve things got a little carried away. They have been fucking each other ever since. This was June so they had only been doing it for 6 months.

The conversation Kathy was having was very different. Mary was asking about Kathy and Pet. Kathy told her they had been together for over a year and that Pet was her first. Since then she had been with two other women, but Pet was by far the best. Mary was trying to ask twenty questions all at once. She finally came out with, "How did it start?"

Without a lot of detail Kathy said that Pet just came on to her at the right time and she has never regretted it. Then she added, "She'll do the same for you if I tell her to. You won't have to do anything back if you don't want to. Pet won't care."

Now the shoe was back on Mary's foot. She stammered again, "Well I have thought about it. John would love it and I'm sure Chris would too. I don't know how Sue would feel but she was just playing with my tit. I don't know if she knew or not but I was playing with her's and it felt so different from mine. Her hand on my tit was doing all kinds of things to me."

John and Mary were about ten years older than Kathy and I and we are about that much older than Pet. Sue and Chris are just slightly older than Pet. So Mary was the mother figure here. What ever she did would most likely be picked up by everyone else.

Kathy saw the thoughts and emotions going through Mary's mind. She said, "Why don't I tell Pet to go down on you. You don't have to do anything you don't feel right about doing. Now I should tell you she likes my pussy full when she goes down on me so maybe we should get my husband to fuck you first."

Mary was shaking her head saying, "Your husband wouldn't want to fuck an old woman like me." In her voice was the question, "Would he?"

Kathy laughed and said, "I've seen him watching you. He would not only want to fuck you but he would put everything he had into it."

Mary's eye lit up and she looked at John who had not said a word. She saw the twinkle in his eye and the broad smile on his face. Mary turned back to Kathy and said, "I think I would like to try that." Then she added quickly, "Your husband, I'm still not sure about Pet."

Kathy laughed and said, "She loves my husbands cum from any pussy. I may not be able to stop her from going down on you." They all laughed and Kathy said, "Dave could you come here a minute"

I was really getting into playing with this sweet young thing on my lap and watching Pet strut her stuff. I sat Sue down telling her I would be right back. She kissed me and said, "You'd better."

I was thinking to myself as I got up, "This had better be good." I went over to sit with my wife, John and Mary. Kathy was sitting beside John with his wife on his other side. I sat down next to Mary and asked, "what's up?"

Kathy smiled and said, "Mary has only been with two men in her life, John her husband and now Chris. She doesn't think you would want to fuck an old woman like her but she would love a ride on that cock of yours."

Now I have to admit, that was worth it. I took Mary's hand and pulled her up with me and kissed her lips. Softly at first then told her, "If we're going to be fucking I think we should start with a better kiss than that." She melted in my arms and her mouth opened wide. We had a deep tongue twisting kiss. Our hands were all over each other and it got the attention of Pet, Sue and Chris.

Without saying a word everyone knew Mary and I would be fucking soon. Pet and Kathy were the only ones who knew what was coming next. Pet's only question was, is Kathy going to beat her to it. She didn't know Kathy had arranged for her to be the first for Mary. Kathy had even warned Mary that once set in motion by fucking me she might not be able to stop it. So Mary knew what was going on when we started kissing.

I kept kissing Mary until I felt she was ready then slowly lay her on her back on the grass. I was laying next to her still kissing and running my hands all over her body. I would play with her tits then run my hand all over her till I got to her pussy. Then I would work my way back up. Mary's body was responding to my advances and I felt she was ready. I kissed my way back up to her neck. I kissed her lips softly and whispered to her, "You ready for this?"

She pulled my face to hers and kissed me deeply and looking in my eyes said, "I've never been more ready."

As I climbed over Mary she opened her legs wide inviting me into her pussy. Everyone was watching us. I kissed her lips and held the kiss as I slipped in to her. I just stayed there balls deep in Mary still kissing her. Mary broke the kiss and whispered in my ear, "Fuck me Dave. Fill my pussy up with your cream." Then she turned to look me in the eye and said, "So Pet can be the first woman to ever go down on me."

That was enough to set me off and I was fucking like a crazy man. The image of my little blonde pixie goddess between this woman's legs was all it took and I was filling her pussy. She was screaming that she was cuming, I was shooting and there was nothing else except her pussy and my cock. I stayed deep in her pussy like I did before we started. I was kissing all over her face and lips. I softly asked her, "are you sure you're ready for Pet?" She bit her lip and just nodded.

I slowly got off Mary pulling my cock from her pussy. I lay down beside her holding her hand. Kathy and Pet looked at each other. Kathy smiled and winked at Pet and said, "Go get her Pet." Pet was on the ground licking Mary's pussy in nothing flat. There was another gasp but this time it was one of their own being eaten. John just smiled. Mary was still biting her lip and I watched her face go from shock to total pleasure.

Mary stopped biting her lip and kissed me. Then she said in a very low whisper that I could barely hear, "I want her too. Bring her to me." I whispered in Pet's ear and she slowly moved around and put her leg over Mary's face. Mary pulled Pet's pussy to her face. She stuck out her tongue and just touched Pet's pussy with it. One taste and she was hooked, she pulled Pet's pussy hard against her mouth. This time there was no gasp, they all screamed, even John.

Kathy was on one side of Mary and I was on the other side. Kathy whispered to her, "She is good isn't she?" Mary nodded. Kathy went on, "And she taste good doesn't she?" Again Mary nodded. Then Kathy said, "What if she was filled with your husbands cum?" She didn't nod, her whole body was shaking and she exploded and Pet licked up every drop. Pet stopped licking Mary's pussy and sat up on her knees, but Mary didn't stop.

Kathy told Pet to bend over which she did. Kathy then had John come over. She held his cock at Pet's pussy lips as Mary licked both Pet and her husband. Kathy let go and John shoved in. He was fucking Pet right above his wife. Mary was licking them both as John shoved in and out of Pet. The whole situation was just too much for John an he lost his load quickly. As he pulled out of Pet's pussy his cock fell right into his wife's mouth. Mary sucked him clean and he sat back. Now Mary was looking at the most beautiful pussy that was now full of her husbands cum. Mary went wild and we had to pull Pet away from her.

Mary lay there for a few minutes then asked for Sue to come to her. Sue was unsure as she came over and sat down next to Mary. She asked, :Are you alright, Mary?"

Mary looked up at her friend and smiled. She pulled Sue down and quickly kissed her lips and said, "It was the most wonderful thing I have ever had. I want us to do it together." Sue started to stammer but Mary said in a pleading voice, "Please, I want you. You won't be sorry, I promise."


Sue looked at her friend for the longest time. Then a smile came across her face and she got into a 69 with her friend for the first time. John and Chris started to join their wives but Kathy and Pet knew they needed to do this alone. The guys stopped dead in their tracks when Kathy and Pet each took one in their mouth. There are four women and only three men but I'm sitting alone, what's up with that? Sue and Mary both scream their orgasm and that sets off the guys filling Pet and Kathy's mouths.

No force on earth was going to stop the husbands from getting to their wives now. As the guys lay down with their wives Kathy and Pet came back over to me. Pet asked, "Do you think we went too far?"

Watching the four on the ground Kathy said, "We are about to find out.

John was th first to get on top of his wife and started fucking fast and furious. Chris was soon doing the same. I put my arms around Pet and Kathy and said, "It looks like our work here is done. I would like to have gotten Sue as well but I guess that's out now."

We turned to walk back to our camp and Kathy was looking back and said, "They have a lot to talk about now."

As we walked Pet stopped and turned to me and asked, "Can we just stay at our camp the rest of our time here? At the resort we didn't have that much time together and I want to spend time with just the two of you."

I pulled Pet to me and kissed her saying, "I don't see any problem with that."

Pet pulled away from me and jokingly said, "You're not going to sneak back over here to get a piece of Sue?"

I went chasing after her saying, "If they should happen to come by our camp we'll see what happens but I'm not going looking for her. I have more than enough. If anything I'll go get John and Chris to help me with you two." Kathy and Pet both started playfully beating up on me. We all started laughing and laughed all the way back to our camp.

We got back to camp about 4:00 in the afternoon. Pet started fixing dinner and Kathy was sitting on my lap. Kathy looked at me and said, "What's going through that head of yours? I know something is on your mind."

I looked up at Kathy and said, "I thought we had the perfect life since Pet came to live with us. Since we have started these trips I think something is missing." Kathy pulled back and looked at me. I said, "The people at the resort and the people we were with today, they all have something I can't give to you and Pet."

Kathy slid off my lap and sat facing me holding my hands and asked, "What could they possibly have that you can't give us?"

I looked her in the eye and said, "Two cocks on a regular basis. To be able to have two men anytime you want like I have with the two of you."

Kathy turned and pulled my legs around her as she lay back on my chest. She thought for a while then said, "So what are you saying? Should Pet and I seduce the guy next door like Sally. He's not my type and Pet doesn't even like him. Maybe I should bring home some guy from work, or maybe get another live-in. What is it that you're saying?"

Pet was bringing us our plates and asked, "What are you two talking about so seriously. This is a fun time."

Kathy told her as she went to get the drinks, "Dave thinks we should have access to two cock like he has access to both of us."

Pet sat down with us and said, "That might be cool but I like it being just the three of us right now. We seem to find situations where Aunt Kathy and I can have that once in a while and then there is always Dick."

I took a sip of my beer and said, "I feel so guilty having you two all to myself and not able to give anything to you."

Pet reached over and stroked my cock saying, "You shouldn't feel guilty. You should feel damn lucky. That's the way Kathy and I want it. Right Kathy?" Kathy nods. Then Pet says, "Besides Uncle Dave, you give us both more than you realize. I'm just learning who I am with you two. I want to get that right before I bring someone else in. However, I have been chatting with this guy and well things just could, well you know, but that would be a long time off. I'm talking a couple years down the road. I have a lot of things I'm working out and so does he."

Now Kathy got all interested and said, "So tell us about this guy."

Pet was eating and talking saying, "There isn't a lot to tell yet. He is a submissive like me for this couple. They don't call him their pet like you do. By the way we both think that is so sexy. At work he is a powerhouse and makes a good living but when he come home he belongs to this couple and they take all his money. Their living off him but he belongs to them, what's wrong with this picture. I've told him about our arrangement and he thinks I'm very lucky. I have to agree with him on that. That's about it so far we have only been chatting about a month. His name is Don and he is about my age."

Kathy was excited and ask, "So when can we meet him?"

Pet was picking up the plates and said, "That's not going to happen. He can't just leave. First he lives half way cross the country and it's not like we get vacations. For him to leave he would have to get some money together, quit his job and make a total break and run away. They don't treat him bad. They're not like you two but for a submissive he is treated good."

Pet comes walking back and says, "Enough of this heavy stuff. We came here to have fun. The only serious thing I want is some serious fucking." She pushes me on my back and empales herself on my cock. She starts riding me and everything else is forgotten. The only thing I'm thinking about is this pussy bouncing on my cock. I guess we were both emotionally charged because it didn't take me long to get her off and me shortly after.

I put more wood on the fire and Kathy gets a blanket. We cuddle under the blanket. I have Pet on one side sitting with both her legs over my leg and Kathy doing the same on the other side. We talk and kiss. Someone's hand keeps playing with my cock. Since the girls are holding the blanket my hands are free to roam all over both of them. Soon everyone is ready for more fucking and we take it in the tent under the sleeping bags.

I do Kathy first with Pet laying next to her petting her and kissing her. Once I fill Kathy's pussy Pet gets me hard again with her mouth and I do her. Both have a pussy full and I'm wiped. I snuggle in between Pet and Kathy. The last thing before we go to sleep Pet says, "See Uncle Dave, you take care of us both just fine."

I woke the next morning with my cock in Pet's soft wet mouth. She saw my eyes open and smiled and 20 seconds later I was cuming in her mouth. She kissed my cock and said, "I'm gong to put the coffee on but don't wake Kathy yet." I thought that strange but came out of the tent. I came up behind Pet and put my arms around her. I kissed her neck and she pushed back against me. Neither of us said a word just holding her and kissing her.

The coffee was ready and she poured us each a cup. When she handed me the cup she asked, "Can we go for a walk just you and me before Kathy wakes up?" I told her sure and we took our coffee and with our arms around each other walked into the woods. I could tell something was troubling Pet but I was going to let her bring it up.

We came to a fallen tree and she sat her cute little ass on it. I came up next to her and put my foot on the tree next to her the way guys do. I didn't mean for my cock to be in her face but it was. She was looking away and said, "Uncle Dave, remember last night I said I had some things to work out?" I just nodded. She went on, "Well I'm not doing very good at it. All my life I have been told what to do, how to do it and when to do it. I'm used to that and I accept it. Since I have come to live with you and Kathy I've had to start thinking. When Kathy set me up in business I had to make decisions for the business. I came to you for you to tell me what to do, but you said it was my business and I should decide. You let me make all the arrangement for our trip. I don't know I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm not the same girl you took in a year and a half ago."

I ran my fingers trough her hair, something I love doing, and said, "I'm glad. I've tried hard to give you something of yourself."

She looked up at me with those big blue eyes that were ready to tear and said, "You're not disappointed in who I am becoming?"

I kissed her and said, "Of course not, I'm proud of you."

Her hand was absent-mindedly stroking my cock but she looked away and said, "Well for the first time I feel I have to tell you no on something. I know you want to be fair to Kathy giving her two cock to play with and it is your responsibility to find me a breeder but I want to find him myself, in my own time, in my own way."

I pulled her up to me and kissed her and said, "Of course you will. I never expected it to be any other way."

She was still stroking my cock and with tears in her eyes said, "Really? What about Kathy? I know you wanted to find someone for me so Kathy could play too. Like Sally told Jeff he had to get a girlfriend."

I pulled her close and put my arms around her and said, "Like you said there is always Dick and we do find ourselves in situations."

She kissed me saying, "Thank you Uncle Dave." She slid down my body and took my cock in her mouth for my second blowjob of the morning. Pet and I have been alone before many times but there with her in the woods seemed so different. Just thinking about all this had me filling her mouth in no time. She stood up and kissed me saying for me to go back to camp with Kathy she needed some time alone. I kissed her and held her just a little longer then turned and went back.

Kathy was just coming out of the tent when I got back. She smiled as she got her coffee and asked, "So did you and Pet go off for some one on one time?"

I refilled my cup and said, "Something like that."

Kathy sat next to me and asked, "Did you leave her in the woods?"

I smiled and put my arms around Kathy's naked body and said, "She just needed some alone time."

Kathy got this big smile and said, "We are alone now for a while? Why don't we get back on that air mattress and you can have some one on one time with my pussy."

We both set our coffee down and ran to the tent. We were fucking before we even laid down. I really needed to be alone with Kathy right now and her pussy was hot and wet, it felt so good. Even she was surprised when her orgasm came on her so fast. She screamed, Oh My God!" At the same time I was filling her sweet pussy.

It was over an hour before Pet came back. As she came out of the woods she said, "I brought you a present Uncle Dave." Following her was Sue, that cute young thing I had been playing with but never had the chance to fuck.

Sue came over and gave me a kiss. Then said, "When Pet said how much you wanted me I couldn't wait to get that big beautiful cock inside me."

I was stunned and asked, "What about the others?"

Pet was leading us to the tent and Sue said, "They were double teaming Mary when we left. They're fine with it."

Sue and I were both naked already as we got in the tent. It didn't take long for me to be balls deep in her pussy. Sue's legs were wrapped around me and as I pounded into her she was saying, "Oh yes this is what I wanted yesterday Yes give it to me Fuck me fuck fuck me hard Here it comes I'm cuming I'm cuuuummmiiinnng!" I went off and fill her to the top with my cream.

I started to slowly pull out of her when Sue pulled me down to kiss me. She whispered, "It was everything I thought it would be."

I kissed here again and said, "Yes it was, thank you." I pulled out and went to leave the tent. As soon as I stepped outside Pet was on my cock and Kathy was pushing past me. They must have flipped a coin or something. Pet got my cock and Kathy got Sue's pussy. Surprisingly Sue pulled Kathy into a 69 and ate the second pussy of her life.

Kathy and Sue came out a while later. Kathy said she was going to walk Sue back then gave Pet a wink. It seems that before Pet brought Sue back to me she had both John and Chris together and now Kathy was going to get some of the same. That left Pet and I alone again and we made good use of it. As soon as Kathy and Sue were out of sight we dove through the door of the tent.

I lay next to Pet and asked, "How are you doing?"

She looked up at me and said, "Still confused but very happy. I'm also very horny. Now are you going to fuck your young beautiful niece or not?"

As I shoved my cock into her I said, "You've sucked me off twice and had two other men, don't you ever get enough?"

She pushed her pussy up hard and said, "I never get enough of you Uncle Dave."

We were off and running. Both of us fucking each other. It was a hard and fast fuck and when she screamed for me to fill her pussy I did just that. We were kissing each other frantically. My cock was still in her and was getting hard again, not that it could ever really go soft in her pussy. She looked at me and smiled and said, "Round two."

This time it was much slower and loving. We seemed to be going at forever, like her stage two blowjob, enough to feel great but not enough to get off. We were so happy being joined together it didn't mater if we came or not. That changed quickly when she started milking my cock with her pussy. She was saying, "Come on Uncle Dave, fill me again. I love it when you cum deep inside my pussy. Fill me with another load of your love cream. Then you can lick it all out of my pussy while I suck your cock clean." That did it for me and I was pumping yet another creamy load into her pussy.

Kathy came back just as Pet and I were finishing our 69. She just walked right over Pet and brought her pussy to Pet's mouth. As Pet licked away at her cum Kathy told me what happen when she took Sue back. Between moans Kathy said, "Well Sue and I got there and like she said John and Chris were double teaming Mary when she left. After the first round they rested before round two. They changed places and started again. They were just finishing when Sue and I got there. Neither of them was going to be ready for round three with me, actually it would be round four counting Pet. Anyway, I was not going to get fucked but Mary was more than ready. Mary and I got into a 69 and soon Sue joined us for a three-way daisy-chain. By now the guys were hard again and wanted me to stay but I wanted to get back to you two for our time together."

I pulled Kathy off Pet and we rolled on the mattress kissing then I asked her, "You passed up two cocks at once to be here with us?"

Kathy smiled and said, "It was no big choice, I knew where I wanted to be."

Pet and I both hugged her then Pet said she was going to fix dinner. Kathy and I stayed in the tent talking and petting with one quickie before Pet said dinner was ready. The rest of the time we stayed it was always the three of us. Sometimes in the tent and sometimes out in the open but always together. I managed to fuck both twice and they each sucked me off before we packed up at two the next day. There was a lot of girl/girl action in between and a lot of three-way hugging and kissing. Just as we got in the car headed home Pet asked, "So where are we going next?"


Pet Ownership Ch. 09a
byKY ridgerunner©

Chapter 9a Ever Been Camping?

(There are two versions of this chapter. Some have requested that Pet be introduced to real incest meeting a loving family. For those of you that like the story the way it is going they meet two couples also camping. Both versions will be posted at the same time. Thank you and I hope this does not upset anyone.)

When we got back from our trip that was all Pet could talk about. I asked her one night if she had ever been camping. She looked up at me and said, "Does fucking three guys in the woods when we were on a picnic count?"

I ran my fingers through her hair and said, "No baby that doesn't count. How would you like to go for three days out in the woods, using tents, and cooking on an open fire, then lay there looking up at the stars?" Then I pick her up and set her on my lap shoving my cock deep in her pussy and say, "Would you like a real good fuck in the woods with someone who loves you?"

Just then Kathy walks in and says, "Oh, God. We haven't been camping in years. I don't think we still have any of our camping equipment. I miss those days. Pet. you can't imagine what it is like fucking out in the open, with the trees and the wind and the sky above you. I'm so excited I'm dripping."

I slide to the floor with Pet still on my cock and Kathy brings her pussy to Pet's mouth. Pet takes one lick from Kathy's pussy and says, "God you are wet. Is it that good?"

Kathy moans, "Almost as good as what you're doing to me right now." Pet went off flooding my cock which sent me off filling her back up. Kathy had been cuming from the moment Pet licked her.

When we all calmed down I said, "Well with that reaction I guess we'll just have to go."

That weekend we took Pet to the sporting goods store. We got a tent that sleeps six, we figured the three of us could get wild in there. We bought sleeping bags and lanterns. The young man helping us was following Pet like a puppy dog. We went over to the cook stoves and I told Pet to get what ever she wanted since she would be doing the cooking. Kathy and I went looking around and the salesman took all the time needed to show pet every stove and how each one worked. By the end of the day I had spent $5,000.00 including the trailer to haul it all in.

We were all set. All we needed to do was pick up food and drinks on the way. We just left everything in the trailer. We didn't want to go on the weekend with everyone else. It took a couple weeks before Kathy and I could get three days off during the week. We would leave Tuesday morning and come back Thursday night. It is just a couple hour drive up there. The site Kathy and I used to go to was 1 ½ hours up the highway then another ½ hour back into the woods.

Pet gets so excited over everything. There is so much she has never done. Now she wants to do it all. On the way up Pet had a million questions. She brought her laptop just to see if it would work out there. I told her roughing it in the woods doesn't include e-mail. We pulled off the highway and Pet was looking at everything. There was still another ½ hour drive into the woods. Finally we got to the spot we used to use. It hadn't changed at all. It was government land so there was no building there.

It had been a while since Kathy and I went camping and these new dome tents were very different. With all three of us working it took an hour to get it up. Now we started unloading the trailer. Pet set up her camp stove. We were having cold cuts for lunch and would cook breakfast and dinner. With in two hours the camp site was set up. We had fire wood ready for tonight. The sleeping bags were in the tent and blankets around where the fire would be. Now that we were all set I stripped naked and put my clothes in the tent. Kathy and Pet did the same. It was time for three naked people to go exploring.

Pet was like a little kid chasing everything, climbing everything, rocks, trees, Kathy, me. Actually she was going down on me. Pet grew up fast, she grew up hard and she grew up sheltered. Now she was like a butterfly let lose in to the world, now she had wings. I thought to myself that this must be what it is like having kids, seeing everything all over again through their eyes. We saw rabbits and squirrels and even saw a deer in the distance. There is no lake but the beavers had damned up the creek.

We made our way back to the camp site. I started the fire and Pet started her cook stove. Tonight was just going to be burgers and beer. Soon I had a nice fire going to ward off the night chill. Pet called out, "The burgers are hot and the beer is cold." We all fixed a plate and sat around the fire, Pet on one side and Kathy on the other. Except for the couple times Pet had to go down on me in the woods, we had all been naked for several hours without any real sex.

The whole thing was getting to Pet and when she gets excited it goes right to her pussy. Pet was needing to be fucked and fucked now. She took my plate and beer and sat them aside. Then she sat on my lap shoving my cock deep in her pussy. She started bouncing up and down on my cock. She kept saying, "Thank you Uncle Dave. Thank you for bringing me here. Thank you for fucking me ......."

I was only half hard when she sat down on me but with her big tits in each hand and my cock in her sweet wet pussy. I was soon rock hard. Much too quickly I was filling her pussy. She didn't care and was cuming with me. She sent the birds flying when she yelled, "Oh God yes Fuck me Uncle Dave Fill my pussy Fill it full Yes fuck me Yes, yes, yyyyyeeessss!"

She finally fell limp on my chest. She was kissing my neck over and over. She looked up at me with those big blue eyes and said, "Thank you for everything you've given me." What could I do? I pulled her face up and kissed her. We rolled over on the blanket with me on top. My cock was still hard and still in her. I started pumping in and out of her all over again. With her legs locked tightly around me we fucked again.

Just as I pumped the last of my load into Pet, Kathy came by and said, "Hey, leave some for me."

Pet's legs dropped down and I pulled my cock from her pussy. She ran her fingers in her well fucked pussy and said, "I've got this for you while Uncle Dave has a chance to rest. You know it always gets him hard."

Kathy was down licking Pet in nothing flat. I brought my half hard cock to Pet's mouth. She cleaned off our combined juices as I watched Kathy going after Pet's pussy. Sure enough I was hard again. Pet took my cock from her mouth and kissed it and told me, "Fuck her good Uncle Dave." I got behind Kathy and shoved my cock balls deep in her pussy. She moaned into Pet's pussy but never stopped eating her. Soon I was pounding Kathy's pussy shoving her more and more in to Pet's pussy.

Kathy went off first then Pet. I finally came filling my wife with what was left of my cream. When I pulled out of Kathy she knee walked up Pet's body and sat on Pet's face saying, "Clean my Pussy, Pet." Pet had just been fucked twice and eaten to several orgasms so she was pretty wiped herself but just went right after Kathy's pussy. Having cum three times in less than an hour there wasn't much and didn't take long. Pet brought Kathy to one more orgasm before she was done.

Even with the fire the night air was getting cold so we moved on in to the tent. We were all so done in from the sex we just cuddled up under the sleeping blankets and went to sleep. We had an air mattress and one sleeping bag under us and two sleeping bags as a cover so we were all nice and warm, not to mention the body heat we were all giving off.

I woke the next morning to what I thought was Pet giving me a blowjob. I look down and it was Kathy, Pet was already fixing breakfast. It seems Pet was already to give me what I expected when she saw Kathy's eyes open. Pet went down on her instead. Kathy told Pet to go make breakfast and she would wake me up. She hasn't had much of a chance to do that since Pet came to live with us. Pet yelled, "Come and get it!" There was just something about the timing and the way she said it and I did cum right in my wife's mouth.

We had a nice breakfast and were kicking back drinking our coffee until the sun was fully up. Pet wanted to do some more hiking, with a little fucking in the woods. I told her, "Watch out you never know what kind of wild creatures you'll find in the woods." She only went romping close to the camp site and finally climbed a tree. She was watching me fucking my wife from the tree like a peeping Tom. She sat there watching until Kathy and I finished and were 69ing each other.

Pet came back to the camp and started fixing us a lunch and packed it up. Then she came over to where Kathy and were lying. She pulled me to my feet and said, "Let's all go for a hike. I packed us some lunch. When we stop to eat maybe lunch won't be all that is eaten."

Who is going to turn down an invitation like that? I wasn't. So off we all go hiking through the woods. We had been gone about 30 minutes when we saw a fire and heard noises that sound like someone was moaning. We got closer and saw two couples fucking. There was an older couple and a younger couple. The only thing was that the older man was fucking the younger woman. The young man was pounding the older woman.

Pet not being afraid of anything walked up to the edge of their camp site and said, "You were right Uncle Dave. You never know what kind of wild creatures you'll find in the woods."

They all stopped like deer caught in the headlights. By now Kathy and I had joined Pet and she said, "Hi, I'm Pet and this is Uncle Dave and Aunt Kathy."

The older woman spoke first. "Well hi. I'm Mary and this fine young stud fucking me is my son John. Over there is my husband John Sr. and our daughter Mary Jane."

Pet fell back and I caught her. It was one thing to play at incest but to meet people actually doing it. That was the last thing Pet expected to hear. For the first time since I've known her Pet was speechless. Since the three of us were as naked as they were what could I say. I smiled and said, "You all go ahead we'll come back later."

Mary was once again bouncing on her son's cock and said, "We don't mind if you stay and watch. We don't often meet other families like us."

Pet started to say something but I stopped her. She looked at me and I could see in her eyes the anger over actually being considered just what she had been play at, then her eyes got that sparkle of being curious. So I let her go. I had forgotten all about Kathy. I turned and she was in shock and being slowly led by Pet to where the mother and son were fucking.

I was more interested in the father daughter and went over to where they were. I put out my hand to the father like you would any time you meet someone. When he took my hand his daughter took my hard cock into her mouth. I must have moaned, when I looked Kathy and Pet were both looking at me. At first they just looked at me in shock then, a big smile came over both of them. I guess I had just approved for them to get in on the action as well.

Mary Jane was not as good as Pet or even Kathy but was doing a good job. I looked back over and Pet had sat on John's face and had Mary's tit in her hands. Kathy watched Pet then came over to me. She whispered in my ear, "Do you have any idea what you're getting into here?"

I gave Kathy a kiss and said, Hopefully, Mary Jane's young pussy as soon as her dad is finished with her."

Kathy playfully slapped me and said, "If that's the way it is I'm going back and get John's hard cock before Pet beats me to it."

Kathy went back to Pet. Pet is always wanting to know more about everything. That's why she spends so much time on her laptop just getting to know the world that is out there. As Mary was ridding her son's cock and Pet was riding his face they were talking. Pet had been asking all the questions but when Kathy walked back Mary asked, How long have you been fucking your uncle and aunt?"

Pet never even hinted that they were pet names, she just said, "About a year and a half now. How about you, how long have you been doing this?"

Kathy took over one of Mary's tits and took one of Pet's in her other hand as she listened to Mary. Mary said, "We've been fucking with John since he turned 18, he's 20 now." She looked over at the three of us and continued, "Mary Jane just turned 18 about six moths ago. JS (John Sr) was her first and JJ (John Jr) had her right after, surprisingly she and I didn't get together until about a month ago."

Kathy was totally floored but very turned on. Pet is an open book waiting to be written on. She just took it in stride, and came twice on JJ's mouth. Pet stood up and pulled Kathy over JJ's face saying, "You have got to try this, he's good."

Kathy sat down on JJ's face and just as his tongue touched her pussy Mary went off. She grabbed Kathy's tits hard and screamed. That send JJ off and his hips came up hard two, three times and he held his mother high in the air as he filled her pussy with his load. Mary sat back pulling her son's cock from her pussy. Pet went right down on Mary. Without even thinking Kathy leaned forward and took JJ's cock in her mouth.

By now I had cum in Mary Jane's mouth and had changed places with her dad. JS was now in his daughter's mouth and I was fucking her from behind. Pet is only 24 now but here was a tight 18 year old pussy fucking my cock. I lasted longer in her mouth than I did in her pussy. I shot off in her pussy as her dad filled her mouth. We all fell apart and Mary Jane turned to me and said, "Hi , I'm Mary Jane." Then she shook my hand. I couldn't believe I had just cum in this girls mouth and pussy and now she is acting like nothing happened shaking my hand. Then she reached down to stroke my cock and said, "You have a real nice cock there. It is almost as good as dad's or JJ's, but family is always better don't you think?"

Now the six of us were sitting around their fire as JS went to get more wood. Pet came over and sat on my lap. She had her pussy right on my not so hard cock and would rock back and forth on it as she told her story. All of which was pure fiction but I got hard enough to slip my cock inside her as she told it.

Pet said, "Well I had been fucking my father for a while when Mom found out. Instead of getting mad she just wanted to join us , I think she and dad were in on it.. The three of us would get together every night when my brother went to bed. I think he knew what I was doing with mom and dad. When he turned 18 I confirmed it for him when I fucked him as a birthday present. Then I asked if he would like to fuck mom. It didn't seem right for dad to have two pussys and mom only one cock. I told him to wait till I went to mom and dad's room. Give me 15 minutes then come walking in stark naked. Well mom took one look at the cock of his and nothing else had to be said. While dad was fucking me mom had my brother come over and fuck her as well."

"Now that is was out in the open we were all fucking anytime anywhere. Mom and dad watched me fuck my brother. We would even have full family orgys. When I was 23 mom said I needed to do something with my life and sent me to live with Uncle Dave and Aunt Kathy. I didn't want to give up all that sex but mom said she thought her brother, Dave, could be seduced very easily. She also said that if she was reading it right Aunt Kathy wouldn't have a problem with it. She said I should start with Aunt Kathy first that way she wouldn't think I was trying to take over."

So that's what I did. Aunt Kathy was easier than I thought she would be. She is the one that got me together with Uncle Dave and it has been the three of us ever since."

I thought her story was very good, so good I was fucking her as she told it. I noticed she never said any names she would have to remember as she made it up. I could tell that the story had gotten to Kathy as well. She was stroking JJ's cock. Mary also noticed and asked Kathy, "Would you like to try some of that deep in your pussy?" Kathy didn't have to be asked twice. They story had her so hot. She just got on her hands and knees and offered her pussy to their son.

I had already filled Pet's pussy as she was telling her wild story. She was not about to be left out. She pulled her dripping pussy off my cock and said, "If you wouldn't mind I'd like some of that cock your husband has." She just got on her hands and knees next to Kathy. JS walked over and got behind her. Soon Kathy and Pet were both getting pounded good and hard. As soon as Pet got up Mary Jane came over next to me. As her father and brother were fucking my wife and Pet she took me back in her mouth.

After Kathy and Pet had both been filled by the father and son they got into a 69 for everyone pleasure, mostly theirs. They finally rolled off each other and Pet came over and sat on my lap facing me with her legs around me. She kissed me then whispered in my ear, "This has all been fun but can we go back to our camp site now? At the resort we spent so much time with the others we didn't have a lot of time for the three of us. I want to spend my time up here with you and Aunt Kathy not some weird family that likes to fuck each other."

I gave her another kiss and stood up, surprisingly still holding Pet around my waist. I took Kathy's hand and said, "Well this has been a lot of fun but we need to be getting back now. Maybe we'll see you again before we leave."

Once we were out of earshot we all busted out laughing and laughed all the way back to our camp. Kathy asked her, "Where in the hell did you come up with that story?"

Pet kissed her and said, "Just another of my many talents." Then she went running naked back to our camp.

We got back to camp about 4:00 in the afternoon. Pet started fixing dinner and Kathy was sitting on my lap. Kathy looked at me and said, "What's going through that head of yours? I know something is on your mind."

I looked up at Kathy and said, "I thought we had the perfect life since Pet came to live with us. Since we have started these trips I think something is missing." Kathy pulled back and looked at me. I said, "The people at the resort and the people we were with today, they all have something I can't give to you and Pet."

Kathy slid off my lap and sat facing me holding my hands and asked, "What could they possibly have that you can't give us?"

I looked her in the eye and said, "Two cocks on a regular basis. To be able to have two men anytime you want like I have with the two of you."

Kathy turned and pulled my legs around her as she lay back on my chest. She thought for a while then said, "So what are you saying? Should Pet and I seduce the guy next door like Sally. He's not my type and Pet doesn't even like him. Maybe I should bring home some guy from work, or maybe get another live-in. What is it that you're saying?"

Pet was bringing us our plates and asked, "What are you two talking about so seriously. This is a fun time."

Kathy told her as she went to get the drinks, "Dave thinks we should have access to two cock like he has access to both of us."

Pet sat down with us and said, "That might be cool but I like it being just the three of us right now. We seem to find situations where Aunt Kathy and I can have that once in a while and then there is always Dick."

I took a sip of my beer and said, "I feel so guilty having you two all to myself and not able to give anything to you."

Pet reached over and stroked my cock saying, "You shouldn't feel guilty. You should feel damn lucky. That's the way Kathy and I want it. Right Kathy?" Kathy nods. Then Pet says, "Besides Uncle Dave, you give us both more than you realize. I'm just learning who I am with you two. I want to get that right before I bring someone else in. However, I have been chatting with this guy and well things just could, well you know, but that would be a long time off. I'm talking a couple years down the road. I have a lot of things I'm working out and so does he."


Now Kathy got all interested and said, "So tell us about this guy."

Pet was eating and talking saying, "There isn't a lot to tell yet. He is a submissive like me for this couple. They don't call him their pet like you do. By the way we both think that is so sexy. At work he is a powerhouse and makes a good living but when he come home he belongs to this couple and they take all his money. Their living off him but he belongs to them, what's wrong with this picture. I've told him about our arrangement and he thinks I'm very lucky. I have to agree with him on that. That's about it so far we have only been chatting about a month. His name is Don and he is about my age."

Kathy was excited and ask, "So when can we meet him?"

Pet was picking up the plates and said, "That's not going to happen. He can't just leave. First he lives half way cross the country and it's not like we get vacations. For him to leave he would have to get some money together, quit his job and make a total break and run away. They don't treat him bad. They're not like you two but for a submissive he is treated good."

Pet comes walking back and says, "Enough of this heavy stuff. We came here to have fun. The only serious thing I want is some serious fucking." She pushes me on my back and empales herself on my cock. She starts riding me and everything else is forgotten. The only thing I'm thinking about is this pussy bouncing on my cock. I guess we were both emotionally charged because it didn't take me long to get her off and me shortly after.

I put more wood on the fire and Kathy gets a blanket. We cuddle under the blanket. I have Pet on one side sitting with both her legs over my leg and Kathy doing the same on the other side. We talk and kiss. Someone's foot keeps playing with my cock. Since the girls are holding the blanket my hands are free to roam all over both of them. Soon everyone is ready for more fucking and we take it in the tent under the sleeping bags.

I do Kathy first with Pet laying next to her petting her and kissing her. Once I fill Kathy's pussy Pet gets me hard again with her mouth and I do her. Both have a pussy full and I'm wiped. I snuggle in between Pet and Kathy. The last thing before we go to sleep Pet says, "See Uncle Dave, you take care of us both just fine."

I woke the next morning with my cock in Pet's soft wet mouth. She saw my eyes open and smiled and 20 seconds later I was cuming in her mouth. She kissed my cock and said, "I'm gong to put the coffee on but don't wake Kathy yet." I thought that strange but came out of the tent. I came up behind Pet and put my arms around her. I kissed her neck and she pushed back against me. Neither of us said a word just holding her and kissing her.

The coffee was ready and she poured us each a cup. When she handed me the cup she asked, "Can we go for a walk just you and me before Kathy wakes up?" I told her sure and we took our coffee and with our arms around each other walked into the woods. I could tell something was troubling Pet but I was going to let her bring it up.

We came to a fallen tree and she sat her cute little ass on it. I came up next to her and put my foot on the tree next to her the way guys do. I didn't mean for my cock to be in her face but it was. She was looking away and said, "Uncle Dave, remember last night I said I had some things to work out?" I just nodded. She went on, "Well I'm not doing very good at it. All my life I have been told what to do, how to do it and when to do it. I'm used to that and I accept it. Since I have come to live with you and Kathy I've had to start thinking. When Kathy set me up in business I had to make decisions for the business. I came to you for you to tell me what to do, but you said it was my business and I should decide. You let me make all the arrangement for our trip. I don't know I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm not the same girl you took in a year and a half ago."

I ran my fingers trough her hair, something I love doing, and said, "I'm glad. I've tried hard to give you something of yourself."

She looked up at me with those big blue eyes that were ready to tear and said, "You're not disappointed in who I am becoming?"

I kissed her and said, "Of course not, I'm proud of you."

Her hand was absent-mindedly stroking my cock but she looked away and said, "Well for the first time I feel I have to tell you no on something. I know you want to be fair to Kathy giving her two cocks to play with and it is your responsibility to find me a breeder but I want to find him myself, in my own time, in my own way."

I pulled her up to me and kissed her and said, "Of course you will. I never expected it to be any other way."

She was still stroking my cock and with tears in her eyes said, "Really? What about Kathy? I know you wanted to find someone for me so Kathy could play too. Like Sally told Jeff he had to get a girlfriend."

I pulled her close and put my arms around her and said, "Like you said there is always Dick and we do find ourselves in situations."

She kissed me saying, "Thank you Uncle Dave." She slid down my body and took my cock in her mouth for my second blowjob of the morning. Pet and I have been alone before many times but there with her in the woods seemed so different. Just thinking about all this had me filling her mouth in no time. She stood up and kissed me saying for me to go back to camp with Kathy she needed some time alone. I kissed her and held her just a little longer then turned and went back.

Kathy was just coming out of the tent when I got back. She smiled as she got her coffee and asked, "So did you and Pet go off for some one on one time?"

I refilled my cup and said, "Something like that."

Kathy sat next to me and asked, "Did you leave her in the woods?"

I smiled and put my arms around Kathy's naked body and said, "She just needed some alone time."

Kathy got this big smile and said, "We are alone now for a while? Why don't we get back on that air mattress and you can have some one on one time with my pussy."

We both set our coffee down and ran to the tent. We were fucking before we even laid down. I really needed to be alone with Kathy right now and her pussy was hot and wet, it felt so good. Even she was surprised when her orgasm came on her so fast. She screamed, Oh My God!" At the same time I was filling her sweet pussy.

Pet came back a short time later. Kathy said she was going for a walk to give Pet and me some time together. I lay next to Pet and asked, "How are you doing?"

She looked up at me and said, "Still confused but very happy. I'm also very horny. Now are you going to fuck your young beautiful niece or not?"

We were off and running. Both of us fucking each other. It was a hard and fast fuck and when she screamed for me to fill her pussy I did just that. We were kissing each other frantically. My cock was still in her and was getting hard again, not that it could ever really go soft in her pussy. She looked at me and smiled and said, "Round two."

This time it was much slower and loving. We seemed to be going at forever, like her stage two blowjob, enough to feel great but not enough to get off. We were so happy being joined together it didn't mater if we came or not. That changed quickly when she started milking my cock with her pussy. She was saying, "Come on Uncle Dave, fill me again. I love it when you cum deep inside my pussy. Fill me with another load of your love cream. Then you can lick it all out of my pussy while I suck your cock clean." That did it for me and I was pumping yet another creamy load into her pussy.

Kathy came back just as Pet and I were finishing our 69. Pet and I both hugged her then Pet said she was going to fix dinner. Kathy and I stayed in the tent talking and petting with one quickie before Pet said dinner was ready. The rest of the time we stayed it was always the three of us. Sometimes in the tent and sometimes out in the open but always together. I managed to fuck both twice and they each sucked me off before we packed up at two the next day. There was a lot of girl/girl action in between and a lot of three-way hugging and kissing. Just as we got in the car headed home Pet asked, "So where are we going next?"

Pet Ownership Ch. 10
byKY ridgerunner©

Pet's Adventure

Pet had grown a lot since she came to live with us. She still had not done a lot of interacting with the outside world without either Kathy or me there. I’m very big on education but unlike her parents I feel the interaction of other students is as much of an education as the classes are. She came to me one night with the catalog from the community college. The ones they send out in bulk mail to everyone.

I was surprised to see she had picked not only classes in the arts and crafts but basic classes as well. She wanted to take creative writing, basic computers as well as figure drawing and pottery. I wasn't sure she was ready to go out on her own. She looked up at me with that curly blonde hair, that beautiful face, those crystal blue eyes and that singing voice she said, "Please."

I know as a master/owner or what ever I’m on the wrong end of the leash but that's where we are. Pet is becoming her own woman. She still waits on us and will do anything we ask but it is an act of love not obedience. What was I going to say? So pet would be going to art classes Mon. Wed. Fri and her basic classes Tues. and Thur.

So here is Pet's adventure told in her own words, the story she couldn't turn in to her creative writing class.

My First Year at School

By Petra Davidson

Here I am, 24 almost 25 ready to go out in the world for the first time in my life. That may seem strange but here is how it came to be. I was home schooled by my parents and didn't have any contact with anyone but them. They were killed when I was 17 in my senior year of home schooling so I never graduated. Mom and Dad may have had a plan for me but when they were killed I became a slave to the world they had protected me from.

For the next few years I was passed around from one man to another. I was totally dependant on these men as i had been with my parents. I had been used and abused for so long it became my lifestyle. Through a series of events I came to live with Uncle Dave and Aunt Kathy. They treated me much differently than anyone ever had. Over the last year I had to learn to think, not about test or school work but think for myself, what did I want. This was all new to me and it took a long time. Now I’m a beautiful petite single blonde who had just turned 25. I have my own car. I have a small business I was ready to meet the world head on, boy was I wrong. Over that first school year at the community college I talked Uncle Dave into sending me, I was sexually used, I had my heart broken, I learned the world was not as beautiful as I thought. Here is how it all happened.

The first thing to do was get my GED since I did not graduate. Now all I have done my adult life is fuck. Dave thought I should take the class before taking the test but I didn't want to wait. He arranged for me to take the test and I only missed one question. My parents may have had weird parenting ideas but they were very smart and taught me well, too well.

They said I had to have cheated. I was devastated. Some people would say a woman that fucks anyone she is told to has no integrity. This was the first time mine was questioned. That was the second time Uncle Dave saw me cry. With his help I demanded to be retested. They agreed to an oral exam. I thought to myself, "This is my first oral without a cock in my mouth." I didn't even miss one question this time and they gave me my GED.

I have my GED and I’m enrolled in my classes. I proved I was not a dumb blonde but I was about to find out I was a very naive blonde. Since I was 18 I have been fucking all kinds of men and women. I knew I was there to fuck. They knew we were there to fuck. There was never any question about it. I was about to find out that these college boys wanted to same thing but were not so up front about it.

I had never been romanced before. Uncle Dave taught me about making love. I had never been on a date. No one had ever asked me out. I felt like I was going to the first grade when Dave was telling me, "Don't talk to strangers, don't do this, don't do that, watch out for ........." He went on and on.

I went to my first class and expected everyone to be as excited as I was. Most of them acted like they wished they were anywhere but here. I did get the attention of all the guys and they seemed very happy to be there. Now I have been told I have a body to die for, great legs, slim waist. My tits are very large on my less than 5' body. I have long curly blonde hair and have been told I have the face of an angle. Guys will tell you anything when they are fucking you. I never believed any of it until I came to live with Uncle Dave and Aunt Kathy. They not only told me I was beautiful but treated me like I was beautiful. That was something new for me.

It felt good to be flirted with by all these college boys even though most were three to four years younger than I was. A very attractive brunette came by and broke up the guys. She sat next to me and told me to be careful around these guys. I had no idea what she was talking about, they were just being nice. Just then the teacher walked in and the class began. It was much different than studying with mom and dad.

After class the dark haired girl, her name was Nancy, stopped me and asked if I had time before my next class for coffee. I had a couple hours to kill so I said sure. We walked to the student union building getting to know each other. We got our coffee and sat down. Nancy totally changed the conversation when she said, "I don't mean to butt in but you looked like a little mid-west farm girl coming to the big city for the first time."

I looked at her and asked,"What?"

Nancy said, "You looked like a lamb with all those wolves back there." I looked at her like I had no idea what she was talking about, which I didn't. She looked me up and down and said, "I can't believe this the way you look, but you don't date much do you?"

I smiled, finally she said something I understood, and said, "No I’ve never dated."

Her mouth was wide open and she gasped, "Never?" I nodded. Long story short, we became fast and good friends, something else I’ve never had except Kathy. She was teaching me how to play the game as it were on campus. She was the only one who knew "all" about my arrangement with Uncle Dave and Aunt Kathy. She was 22 and had her own apartment, that had me very curious. We spent a lot of time at her place. She didn't believe me about Dave and Kathy. So one day when it was time for me to go fix dinner I invited her over. Dave never said anything about me bringing friends over. I guess it was because I didn't have any. I was hoping it would be alright.

Nancy was impressed with the house I live in. I took her to my room. She saw it was not a bedroom but a work shop with a bed. She asked, "You sleep here?"

I laughed and said, "Of course not." I led her to the master bedroom and told her, "I sleep here with Dave and Kathy." I started to change into my uniform. I had told her just what happens every night but only now was she starting to believe me.

I headed to the kitchen in just my boy shorts and matching bra. Nancy followed me saying, "You weren't kidding were you? Aunt Kathy is going to walk through the door and you will please her then wait for Uncle Dave while you fix dinner. Then when he comes home you'll suck him off at the door? All that was true?"

I was busy with dinner and said, "It might not go that way tonight with you here." Then I turned to look at her and said, "Unless you were dressed the same way. Uncle Dave would love you."

She stood there in shock and asked, "You want me to stand here in just my panties and bra waiting for two people I’ve never met?"

I went back to fixing dinner and said, "Only if you want to. No one here is made to do anything they don't want to. I only ask that you not judge us for how we live. I’m taking a big risk just bringing you here."

I was busy with dinner and had not looked at Nancy as I talked. I turned sharply when she asked, "So where should I put these clothes?" She was standing there in just a very small thong and matching bra.

I looked at her for a moment and said, "Dave is really going to like you. Just throw your clothes in my work room."

As Nancy was leaving to put her clothes away she said, "With you here I could be naked on the table with my legs spread wide and no one would notice me."

Nancy was coming back in the kitchen in her panties and bra. I just smiled and said, Uncle Dave has come home to me like this for almost two years." Waving my hand up and down Nancy's body I say, "This he has not seen and will love every inch of it."

Just then Kathy walked in from the garage. She and Nancy saw each other and froze. I heard Kathy say, "Pet?" When I turned around the two of them looked like they were in a shoot out ready to draw. I ran over to Kathy and kissed her on the lips and rubbed her pussy under her skirt. Kathy sat down and I said, "Aunt Kathy this is my good friend Nancy. She knows about us but didn't believe me until now."

I started to undress Kathy like I always did but she stopped me. I asked, "Don't you want me to work out all you tension like I always do?"

Kathy was still looking at Nancy and stammered, "Not with "

Nancy came right over next to me and said, "Hi Mrs. Davidson. I'm Nancy, would you like for me to do that for you so Pet can get back to dinner?"

Now I was as stunned as Kathy. Nancy and I had never done anything with each other. She got down in front of Kathy and was pushing her skirt up. Kathy just nodded and lifted off the chair for Nancy to push her skirt up and pull her panties down. Nancy went right down on Kathy and I couldn't take my eyes off them. Then Kathy was panting, "Pet, something is burning besides me."

I ran to the kitchen in time to save dinner. When I got back Kathy still had her skirt around her waist showing her pussy. Nancy was sitting in the next chair in her panties and bra except there was a dark wet spot on her panties now. They were talking like old friends. When they saw me it was Aunt Kathy that asked, "Are you going to let her have Uncle Dave when he gets home?"

I didn't know what to say and just said, "I didn't know she was going to do you. She never did that with me If she wants to help Uncle Dave change it would be fine with me. It will give them a few minutes to get to know each other."

We all laughed but it was almost time for Uncle Dave. We all took our places. Kathy sat at the table, pussy on full display. Nancy on her knees in her panties and bra. I was standing behind her in my uniform. Uncle Dave came home and saw Kathy sitting there and reached down to run his fingers through my hair and said, "Well this is a nice ........" Then he noticed it was not my hair and looked down to see Nancy and finished, "surprise."

Finally he looked up at me and I said, "Uncle Dave, this is my good friend Nancy from school. If you don't mind she would like to help you change tonight."

Dave was still running his hands through Nancy's hair but looking at me. He pulled me to him and kissed me. He said, "It's your right. If you don't mind, it's up to you." He never says it's my duty he knows I do this because I want to not because I’m required to.

I handed him my leash and when he pulled it, it was hooked to Nancy's belly ring. I just smiled and said, "Enjoy Uncle Dave. Dinner will be ready shortly.

Dave led Nancy to our bedroom. They talked some while she undressed him. Then Uncle Dave pulled down her panties and had her bend over the bed. He stood behind her and asked, :"I guess you knew what coming back here with me was?"

Nancy looked back at him and said, "Yes I do Mr. Davidson and I’m looking forward to it."

Dave shoved his cock into Nancy and she moaned. As he pounded in and out of her he said, "If we are going to be fucking I think you can call me Dave or Uncle Dave like Pet."

They were both close to cuming and Nancy said, "Yes Uncle Dave ........ fuck me ....... fill me up ....... please Uncle Dave."

Dave lost it and filled her sweet young pussy with his cream. Just as he was pulling out I walked in to tell them dinner was ready. There was my girlfriend bent over the bed freshly fucked and I said, "I can't have you dripping all over the chairs" then I dove between her legs. Dave left us and went to join Kathy. Nancy had another orgasm and fell on the bed.

I sat next to her and she looked up at me. She said, "Everything you told me is true. No wonder you're not in any hurry to find a boyfriend. No one has given me the fucking your Uncle Dave just did."

I kissed her lips and said, "Keep this just between us and you can have him any time you want."

This time she kissed me and asked, "Does that include you and Kathy. You know she was my first."

I pulled her up and said, "We have a lot to talk about."

Well that was my first and only friend but everything that year didn't go as well. In figure class for some reason they all thought I would make a good model. The first half of the class I would go to class and get naked. Then during mid-terms my art teacher called me into his office and said, "You haven't done any drawing this year. How do you expect to pass this class?" I may not understand the games the boys are playing but this I understood. I just dropped my dress right there. He fucked me and it was just like I remember with the other guys. I never told Dave about this. I created the situation and paid the price. The rest of the year I came to his office two or three times a week and he would either fuck me or have me suck him off.

I finally had to tell Dave when he wanted to see some of my work and there wasn't any. I didn't know teachers were not allowed to do things like that. With the men I have been with I thought any man could demand sex and it was just accepted. Well not according to Dave. The teacher lost his job. He is looking at jail time and Dave's lawyer says I should get a good settlement. Who would have thought.

After that first night Nancy came by a lot. She and I were not only best friends but lovers. She still says Dave is the best fuck ever every time he fucks her. She has a special fondness for her first pussy, Kathy. She never fully understood my need or desire to be Dave and Kathy's pet but she accepted it. That's why she never spent the night. She knew it was our time together and didn't want to butt in. She taught me things that Dave and Kathy couldn't, like dating. She helped me find my first date. I don't know who was more excited, Nancy or me. As far as Dave and Kathy they were the worried parents, not wanting me to get hurt but knowing I had to fly on my own.

I know fucking. I can please any man or any woman but this romance thing, that's totally new. With sex just my body was being used now my mind and heart were included. This fact both scared me and excited me.

One night I stayed at Nancy's apartment. It was the first time in two years I was not with Dave and Kathy. It was the first time in my life I had been out on my own. We did all the silly girl sleep over things. It wasn't long after the pizza on the floor in our nighties that we started kissing and taking off each other's nighties. Nancy had only gone down on two women, Kathy and me, but she was learning fast.

I learned a lot that night too. The reason I have so many orgasms with Dave and Kathy is not because the sex is so good, which it is, but because of the emotion they put in to it. When Nancy went down on me that night I felt a lot more than just her tongue on my pussy. Nancy has eaten my pussy many times since that first night but it was always at the house. Either Dave or Kathy would be there or be expected soon.

That night in her apartment as soon as her tongue touched my pussy I went off like never before. My legs were up and she was playing with my tits as she eat my pussy. I couldn't not stop cuming. For the first time ever I had to push someone off my pussy because I couldn't take any more. I had to do the same to her. I got between her legs but instead of going down on her right away I just looked at her pussy. The only other pussy I took so much time looking at was Kathy's they are both so beautiful. I was running my finger up and down her pussy lips. I was in another world looking at this pussy when I heard, "Oh for God sake take a picture now eat me!" Nancy shoved my head into her pussy.

I brought her to two orgasms before I let her up. While she was laying there I did just what she had said. I got the instant camera and took a picture of just her pussy having just been eaten. It looked even more beautiful than before. She saw the flash and jumped. I was sitting there waving the picture waiting for it to come up. Nancy grabbed to camera and spread my legs wide then flash. Now she was smiling with the picture in her hands. We kept talking as the pictures developed.

We lay on the floor playing with each other's bodies and talked most of the night. Nancy said she had broken up with her boyfriend at another school because he was cheating on her. Now I knew Nancy had been fucking me, Kathy and Dave for a while now so I asked her about it.

Nancy said, "I told him all about you guys but he never mentioned this bitch he was sleeping with."

I sat up and looked at Nancy and asked, "So if he told you about this girl it would be ok, but since he didn't tell you it is cheating?"

Nancy sat up next to me and said, "There's more to it but that's about it."

I shook my head and said, "This dating thing is so confusing."

Nancy said, "Tell me about it." Then she kissed me.

I lay back against Nancy and told her that several of boys had taken me out to their cars between classes. They had me either fuck them or suck them off. Since my master hadn't told me to do it and I had gone willingly I honestly wanted to know, "Is that dating?"

She got very upset but like Dave she was not mad at me. She was ready to kill the bastards that were taking advantage of me. I was very confused and asked her, "I guy wants sex, you give it to him. Isn't that the way it is supposed to be. How can that be taking advantage of someone?"

Nancy was ready to lose it now and stood up yelling, "You don't have sex with a guy just because he wants it. You don't have sex until you want it!"

I just looked up at her and asked, "That's ok. You can do that?"

She sat back down with me and held me and kissed me saying, "You are so not ready for this." Then she sat back and took my hands and asked, "When you first came to Dave and Kathy's why did you fuck them."

I just looked confused and said, "That's what I was there for."

She leaned in and kissed me again and asked, "Now when you fuck Dave or Kathy or even me, why do you do it?"

I got a big smile on my face and said, "Because we all " then it hit me and in a soft tone said, "want to."

She hugged me and said, "That's right and you should never have to unless you want to."

I knew that is what my relationship with Dave and Kathy had become but no one had said the words before. In one way my whole way of life was being taken away but a new life was opening up. I knew I had to find a balance between the two. I didn't want to give up what I have with Dave and Kathy but wanted to explore this new one as well.

My mind was brought back when I heard a kiss. I looked and Nancy was kissing the picture of my pussy. I smiled and said, "You don't have to kiss that when the real thing is right here."

She kissed it again and with sad eyes said, " But it won't always be right in front of me. In four months I will go on to the university, but I’ll always have this with me."

We kissed and hugged and were soon licking each other's pussys. I was building fast to my orgasm and was doing everything I could to get Nancy there too. Suddenly she screamed, "Oh God we have got to get you a date." 

I have no idea why that was on her mind as she came. After we rested and calmed down she started working on getting me my first date. She told me I was not to go out with anyone unless she went too. We would only double date and I was not to do any more than she did. Then she got mad again and said, "And stop going to the parking lot." She made a few calls and my first date was set up for next Friday night. She wanted the guys to pick us up at her apartment but I said, "This is a big deal for me and I could never leave Dave and Kathy out of it." So it was set for them to pick us up at the house.

That week I was a wreck When the guys tried to take me to the parking lot I made up some reason why I couldn't go. I hadn't told anyone about the art teacher yet so he and I were still meeting two or three times a week. Nancy got so upset over the guys in the parking lot I wasn't about to tell her I was fucking my teacher for my grade.

Things at home were a lot different too. When I got back from Nancy's the next day I told them I had a date, my first. Dave and Kathy were both very excited for me but all week kept warning me about this and that. I told them Nancy would be there and they felt better about my going.

Friday night came and two very nice looking young men came to the door. Nancy and I were in the main bedroom getting ready with Kathy's help. Then Kathy totally surprised us both when she said, "After your date tonight you can both stay over." Nancy had never been asked to stay over and I could see she was ready to cancel the date and stay home, but this was important to everyone not just me. Kathy kissed us both and gave our pussys a little rub and said, "See you when you get back."

We came down stairs and the men were waiting for us. I don't know how bad Dave had been on them but he had said we had to be home by 1 am. He told the guys we had something going on tomorrow so it wouldn't sound like a curfew. I’m not sure if Dave wanted me back safe or was planning time for us all when we got home. Either way I loved him for it.

I was glad that my date was driving. That way Nancy could keep an eye on us. I wasn't looking forward to being in the back alone with someone. I was stepping into a world I knew nothing about. I have been with lots of men and could get these guys off and on their way in 20 minutes. I was turned in my seat, which may not have been a good idea, but I was watching Nancy.

The date was going well. We all talked about school and each other getting to know each other. We were all having a good time laughing and joking. I was beginning to relax and enjoy just being with a man without fucking him. We had a nice dinner and then went for a couple drinks. Nancy and I each danced with both guys. All in all it was a very good time.

Nancy and I went to the ladies room. She asked, "How are you doing so far?"

I was dancing around and said, "It has been wonderful."

Nancy grabbed me and had me look at her and she said, "Well things are about to change. This is the part you have to watch out for. Now the guys have been drinking and are going to start making their moves. By now the woman has made up her mind if she wants to fuck them or not. Now remember it is a choice, not a requirement. The guy can still blow it if he comes on too strong and you never know until he does. Do you want to take these guys back to my place or are you ready to call it a night?"

I’d had a bit more to drink than I normally would. I rested my ass on the sink looking at Nancy. I was still flying high from being romanced and wined and dined. I look at Nancy and said, "Any other time I would have fucked them both by now and that might be an option if we see them again. I don't want to spoil tonight with sex. For once I would like to go home with out having just fucked someone." Then I kissed her and whispered, "Remember what is waiting at home."

Nancy smiled but it didn't last long. She then said, "The guys might not take it well if we say we're calling it a night. Some guys don't take no very well. No mater how nice they seem you never know how they will act until you tell them no."

I just smile a little tipsy and say, "That's not a problem, believe me they will accept no tonight."

Nancy had a puzzled look on her face as we left the ladies room and went back to the table. When we got there Nancy told the guys, "It's late and we need to call it a night. We have both enjoyed it and would like to do it again sometime."

The guys protested but got up anyway. They saw we were not going to give and wanted to go home. When we got to the car it was Nancy's date that pushed things, namely her up against the car. His hand went under her skirt. My date seeing this started toward me with the same look in his eye. I took maters in hand literally. My date didn't even get close and his cock was in my grasp. I smacked Nancy's date hard on his cock before gripping him.

Both men were in tears and Nancy was just looking at me. I calmly said, "Now I know this is not your fist date. Do you think you have earned something with a little dinner and some wine? Now like Nancy said, we've all had a good time and may want to do this again. Maybe next time will be different but we said we wanted to go home now. We're not going to end this night on a bad note are we?" I let their cocks go and asked, "Now who is going to drive us home? If you guys are good you just might get a good night kiss." I looked at my date and said, "Trust me it is worth it."

The guys were running around opening doors and saying how sorry they were. We got in the car and I was in the back this time. I put my arm around my date and he almost jumped out of the car. I put my hand on his thigh and was stroking it and said, "I hope I didn't hurt you because I really would like to see you again but you have to learn how to treat a lady. If we get together again it just might be the ride of your life." He began to relax and softly kissed me. Nancy was not giving an inch with her date.

We got to the house and both guys went running to open our doors and then walked us up the walk. I turned to my date and said, "I hope we have all learned something tonight we may use in the future." I put my arms around him and gave him the hottest wettest kiss I could. I pulled away and said, "See what you get when you're a good boy."

Nancy and her date were stunned standing there watching us. They looked at each other for a moment and with a very meek voice her date said, "I was a good boy on the way home too." We all broke out laughing and Nancy threw her arms around her date and all but fucked him on the door step. We all kissed goodnight and Nancy and I went inside.

Once inside Nancy said, "Wow, I’m never going on a date without you. I was there to protect you."

I kissed her and said, "I don't need to be protected, I need to be reminded."

We kissed again and went running like school girls to find Dave and Kathy. As we expected they were waiting up for us in the main bedroom. Kathy asked how the date went and Nancy went crazy telling everything. I didn't have to say a word. As Nancy was going on a mile a minute she never even noticed that Dave had removed all her clothes. Kathy had done the same to me and Nancy suddenly found herself facing me stark naked.

I walked over to her and put my arms around her and said, "As a special gift you can have Dave all night. I want to spend some time with Kathy." Then I kissed her again and said, "But I get him back in the morning."

I got on the bed with Kathy and lay back on her soft tits. Dave was behind Nancy holding her tits and kissing her neck. Nancy turned and kissed Dave's mouth. He picked her up and brought her to the bed with Kathy and I. He laid her on the bed next to us then climbed on top of her. She looked at me as Dave slid his cock deep in her pussy. Her eyes closed and her head rolled back as Dave started pumping in and out of her. The whole evening was getting to her and this just pushed her over the edge. She was pushing her hips up to meet Dave as he took his time fucking her.

Nancy had three very strong orgasms before Dave even started picking up his pace. Soon he was pounding Nancy's pussy and she was building to the biggest orgasm of the night. When Dave shot off and filled her pussy she screamed. Dave held her tight as he pumped load after load into her. Finally he rolled off her. Nancy lay spent on the bed. I looked at Kathy and she smiled at me. We both rolled over and I was at her pussy licking Dave cum from her sweet pussy.

As soon as my tongue touched her pussy Nancy opened her eyes. She was looking right up at Kathy's pussy. Kathy was freshly fucked when we got home and now Nancy was sucking every drop from her. I got Nancy to one more orgasm before letting her pussy go. She must have been doing a job on Kathy. She was humping her pussy on Nancy's face so hard I thought she might break her nose. Kathy went over the top and I caught her as she fell back.

When she could speak Nancy said, "I thought I was with Dave and you wanted to spend time with Kathy."

I smiled and said, We are spending time together, enjoying your body. Now suck Dave hard again so we can watch him fuck you again."

She turned and kissed Dave's cock and said, "This is all mine tonight?"

I slid two fingers into her pussy and said, "No he is not all yours tonight, I lied." She got a sad face and I said, "We are all three here for you tonight. You have all of us, anytime, any way you want."

Nancy was the center of attention all night. Someone was eating her or being eaten by her every time she wasn't getting fucked by Dave. As the sun was coming up she finally had to stop us and get some sleep. We let her and Dave get some rest. With Dave curled around her she looked up and said, "This has got to be the best date I’ve ever had."

I kissed her lips and said, "It wasn't bad for my first either."

I couldn't believe I got a call from my date the night before. His name was Jaz, I thought it a silly name but what the hell. He told me that he and his buddy, Jim, had enjoyed 99.9% of the night and would like to see us again. Once everyone was up and alive again I told Nancy we had dates for Friday night. Then I told Kathy, "Don't wait up for us I think we may be going back to Nancy's place."

So I started dating. The four of us were a regular thing every Friday night. Only once did I go with Jaz alone. Having never really been in love except for Dave and Kathy I wasn't sure what I was feeling for Jaz. He didn't know about my relationship with Dave and Kathy. Unless there were some long term plans I saw no reason to tell him. He and Jim did see Nancy and me together more than once.

It was two weeks before Nancy, Jaz and Jim would be leaving all going in different directions. I didn't know if I would ever see them again. The whole time I was with Jaz, he never wanted to see Jim fuck me. Jim and I never got together. That was new to me. I couldn't say I loved him because I didn't know what love was but I knew I would miss him very much. I guess that is as close to a broken heart as I will ever get. The only thing that would ever hurt more is when I have to leave Dave and Kathy.


I wanted to show Jaz just how much I cared for him and how much I would miss him. I told him I wanted to go out just the two of us. He picked me up and took me to dinner. It was a loving and romantic evening. We were kissing and loving each other and for the first time in my life I felt like a regular girl on a regular date with a man I cared for. We went for drinks and dancing. He didn't have to make any moves, he was going to get fucked, and fucked good.

It was only around 11pm when I asked if he was ready to leave. He looked at me with this disappointed look and I asked, "Is your room mate gone for the night?" His room mate, Jim, was out with Nancy. She was doing the same thing I was, saying goodbye in our own way. I already knew he would be spending the night at Nancy's place.

He took me back to his place and was the perfect gentleman. Ever since that first night he has treated me like a queen, not a porno queen but a real queen. He always called me his "lady" He never once fucked me but always made love to me. He fixed us drinks and we sat and kissed for a while. I whispered to him, "I want you naked in the bedroom now."

Jaz carried me in to his bedroom. He sat me down and slowly undressed me. Of all the men I’ve been with this was the only one that made me feel loved, except Dave. He kissed every inch of my body as he pulled my clothes off. Once he had me naked he was in no hurry. He just looked at me and told me how beautiful I was. I was not as gentle taking his clothes off but we still kissed the whole time. I pulled down his pants and boxers and his cock was right there. I took him in my mouth and he ran hid fingers lovingly through my hair just like Dave does.

I wanted him to cum in my mouth, in my pussy, my ass everywhere. I wanted as much of him as I could get. He wasn't there for sex, he was there to make love to me. We climbed up on the bed. He lay next to me and stroked my whole body. His hands were followed with his kisses. I enjoy sex a lot but I have never wanted someone in me as badly as I wanted him. I have never had to ask someone to put their cock in me, it was always in me whether I was ready or not.

Jaz knew this was our last night together and was not about to do anything without being asked. For the first time in my life the words came out of my mouth, "Please, Jaz, put your cock in me. Fuck me Jaz. Make love to me."

He got on top of me and ever so slowly slid his cock deep in my pussy. It felt so good inside me. He just stayed there deep in me as we kissed. He lovingly started pulling out and pushing in. It was like time stood still. I could feel every inch of his cock and every inch of my pussy was on fire. I was floating in a world I didn't know. Without warning my orgasm hit and I thought I would die. Soon Jaz went off deep in my pussy and it started all over again.

We just lay there together for the longest time holding each other. Sadly I said I needed to go home. I really didn't need to go home but I knew I couldn't stay. Jaz didn't move but kept holding me and kissing me. Finally he said, "Whoever I should wind up with will always have you to thank and I hope that whoever you wind up with knows just what he has." He rolled me on my back and kissed me. I started to cry and cried all the way home. Kissing him good night and goodbye was the hardest thing I have ever done.

I had to pull away and go inside. I walked right in to the loving arms of Dave. He held me and kissed me as he saw me cry for the third time. I looked up in Dave's eyes and he kissed my tears away. Stroking my hair he said, "You can only be hurt if you can love. Now you know you can love and be loved. It's not the end of the world but the beginning of a new life." We held each other tightly as he let me cry it all out.

The biggest thing I learned this year was that Nancy was right, I am so not ready for this.

Pet Ownership Ch. 11
byKY ridgerunner©

What to do about Pet

After Pet's friends left she reverted back to the way she was when she first came to us. She was waiting on us hand and foot. She couldn't do enough for us. When she wasn't busy she was on the floor at my feet with her head on my knee. She always wore her leash. Kathy and I were very concerned about her but didn't know what to do.

After a couple months Pet came running in and jumped on my lap. She was sitting sideways on my lap and had her laptop with her. She popped it open and said, "Look Uncle Dave!" What I saw was the whole screen was this beautiful pussy wide open.

What could I say, "Wow, that's a beautiful pussy."

Pet kissed my cheek and said, "I know, it's mine." She scrolled down past the picture and all the message said was: Miss you, love Nancy.

Pet closed the laptop and it slid on to the couch. Her arms went around me and I thought she was going to cry. There were no tears but you could tell from her voice she was ready to cry, "I miss being with them Uncle Dave."

I said all the normal comforting sayings, You'll see them again, You'll meet new friends. I said all the things you would say to a young woman of 12 or 13, but Pet was a sexually active woman of 25. She and I both knew it was not all that simple not for her.

So what do you do with a woman that just lost her only friend and her first love? You go to Disneyland! Maybe if she really was twelve but there is only one place to take a 25 year old sexually active beautiful petite blonde pixie goddess to forget her problems, Las Vegas!

I kissed Pet and asked, "How would you like to go to the sin capital of the world, Las Vegas? We can catch a flight out Friday night and be back Sunday night."

Pet got all excited and said, "Really Uncle Dave? That sounds like fun." Then she turned away and asked, "Could it be just the three of us this time?"

I pulled her face to me and say, "I always plan for it to be just the three of us but we seem to find people that like to well......."

She kissed me and said, "This time can we "just say no" and leave it to just us?"

Just then Kathy walked in and said, "It'll have to be just the two of you. I just got off the phone with my boss. There is a big fuck up at work and we have to fix it before the board meeting on Monday. I was just coming in to tell you I have to work this weekend."

Kathy sat down with us and I say, "We can make it another weekend."

Kathy says, "No, you two go ahead. It will be good for Pet to get away and it might be good for just the two of you to spend some time together. I'm going to be gone most of the weekend any way so it would still be just the two of you."

Pet lifted her leg over my head and was sitting on my lap facing me. She kissed me and said, "You and me in Las Vegas, now that is going to be a trip." Kathy and I looked at each other, we knew it would not be just the two of us. Pet draws people like flies to honey, but I would have her for most of the weekend all to myself.

Friday came and I called in sick so we could get the noon flight. It was very sad leaving Kathy behind. Before she left for work she had me fuck her and Pet eat her out. When she was finally dressed and ready to leave she kissed us both and said, "Now you guys have fun but I expect to be able to have a weekend away with Pet myself. She kissed us both again and reluctantly got in the car and left.

It was 8 am and we had to be at the air port by 10:30 for the noon flight. We didn't have a lot of time but it was enough for one good fucking. As I was pulling my cock from her pussy I asked, "Have you ever heard of the mile high club?"

She got off the bed and we went to shower together. She said, "Jake told me about it and if he had ever taken me anywhere I'm sure he would have made me join. Knowing Jake it would have not only been him but every man on the plane."

I was thinking I had been a jerk for even bringing it up. We were in the shower now and she turned to face me and asked, "Are you and Aunt Kathy members?" She was stroking my cock now and said, "You're not offering me a membership are you?"

Trying to regain control I said, "If you had ever thought of joining I'd be glad to help but you don't have to join if you don't want to."

She knew she had me at the point of no return. As I shot my load all over her belly and down her pussy she said, "I couldn't think of a better way to start our weekend together."

I told her not to pack anything. I then told her to wear her sleeveless summer dress that buttons down the front and nothing under it. I hurriedly packed a couple shirts and slacks. My favorite uniform for Pet and her leash. I called the cab and went down stairs to wait. Pet came down a few moments later and she looked beautiful. Her dress came half way to her knees with a couple buttons open on the bottom. She had the top open enough to show off the top of her big tits. She pulled the dress up showing me there was nothing under it. I was ready to fuck her right then and there but the cab honked for us.

During the cab ride to the airport we were all over each other. My hand was under her dress and in her pussy and we kissed the whole way there. When the three of us go out people don't notice anyone but Pet. Now that it was just the two of us hanging all over each other we got a lot of stares. We got to the airport and finally boarded the plane. Before everyone had taken their seats Pet asked for a blanket.

It was about four hour flight so we didn't rush into anything. Once the drinks were served and things had calmed down Pet kissed my cheek and said, "I'm ready to join the club now."

Pet put the blanket over both of us. She had every button but the one at her waist undone. Her pussy and tits were wide open for me to play with. While I took advantage of what was being offered to me, Pet took out my cock and started stroking it. She kissed me and said, "Now Uncle Dave." She rolled on her side with her back to me. I spooned up behind her and my cock slipped right in to her pussy. She stayed still and let me rock in and out of her pussy until I was filling her with me thick creamy load.

I pulled my cock from her. She turned and kissed me saying, "Now I have to go get cleaned up since this is the only dress you let me bring." She only buttoned two up and two down so most of the dress was still open. Everyone on the plane watched her walk up and back to her seat. When she climbed over the isle person I could see what everyone was looking at. She got back under the blanket and kissed me saying. "I love you Uncle Dave." We cuddled together and slept the rest of the trip.

Before we got off the plane Pet had one more button done top and bottom. When she walked she still showed a lot of legs, as much leg as you can get on a less than 5' girl. We took a cab to the hotel and checked in. We got to the room and her dress was off before I had the door closed. Pet jumped on the bed and said, "Now fuck me right Uncle Dave."

My clothes were on the floor by the time she got the words out. I jumped on the bed with her and we kissed. Here we were laying naked on a hotel bed alone in Las Vegas. We were kissing and stroking and it all seemed so wicked. I was in no hurry to worship my pixie goddess. My hands roamed all over her body followed by soft kisses. I slowly worked myself up and over Pet's body.

Pet's hair had grown back and Kathy kept it well trimmed. I ran my fingers through it and down to her pussy lips. My cock was over Pet's face and as I went down to lick her pussy lips her head came off the bed and took my cock in her mouth. I rolled us on our sides and we licked, kissed and ate each other. Finally Pet moaned, "Now Uncle Dave, I want you in me now."

The sun was still high and Pet got on her hands and knees looking out the window down on the strip. I got behind her and slowly pushed my cock into her. I just held her with my cock deep in her pussy and she said, "Oh God it is all so beautiful, looking at the strip alone with you with your cock deep in my pussy. Oh God Uncle Dave fuck me ........... fuck me good."

I started pounding in to her. She was pushing back to meet every stroke. I have fucked her many, many times but never like this. I've never had her all to myself like this. The whole situation got the better of me and I was soon filling her sweet young pussy with a very large load of my love cream. As soon as I finished pumping into her she pulled her pussy of my cock. She spun around and pushed me to the bed kissing me. She was kissing me all over and saying, :I love you Uncle Dave, please don't ever make me leave."

After all we have been through she still believes one day she will be asked to leave. There was nothing I could say that she would believe so I just held her tight. I kissed her full on the mouth and said, "I love you too, Pet, more than you could know and I never want you to leave." She held me so tight I thought she might break my ribs.

We lay there for a while just holding each other. I playfully slapped her ass and said, "Get dressed. It's time to go shopping. First we'll walk along the strip and see what all the hot young girls are wearing then see about getting you some thing even better. You are going to be the hottest thing walking the strip this weekend."

We dressed and went walking. People are dressed in every thing you can think of but the most popular among the young girls was the short full mini-skirt with the one shoulder t-shirt showing the belly. Along with this they were wearing the high strap sandals that wrap up the leg. Now that we knew what we were looking for Pet had a ball shopping. I got her a couple pairs of panties telling her, "With that short of a skirt I don't want anyone seeing that beautiful pussy of yours except me." Then with a smile said, "Unless I tell you to take them off."

We went back to the hotel. Pet said she wanted to see one of the nude shows that night. While she went up to the room to change I went to get the tickets for the show. I told her to meet me in the lounge. When Pet walked in the bar I thought I would shoot another load right on the spot, along with every other man in the bar. I have never seen her look so beautiful and so sexy. Every eye in the bar followed her as she walked over to me. She put her arms around my neck and gave me a kiss that could have started a fire. She pushed her pussy against my very hard cock and said, "I see you like my new uniform. Is this what you want me to wear when we get back home?"

We hit the strip doing all there was to do. We did the roller coaster in New York, New York. We did the wax museum. Every couple hours I was getting another throw away camera to show Kathy our little pet in Las Vegas. Pet was flashing me, and everyone else on the strip, every chance she had. We had strangers taking pictures of the two of us. Every time they were ready to shoot the picture Pet would flip her skirt up. Every picture of us had Pet flashing her panties. We had a great time just having fun. We were kissing and hanging all over each other. You would think we had just gotten married in Vegas.

We got back to the hotel and hit the Buffett before going up to the room. Pet was a hit everywhere we went. She could be wearing a feed bag and still get the attention of everyone in the place, but dressed the way she was, wow. Pet wanted to play the slots before we went up stairs. Now I have a slight problem with that kind of thing so I gave Pet $100.00 and told her to have fun.

I was in one of the small bars watching Pet at her machine. All the guys were watching her as well. She would come over to me every once in a while and kiss me and tell me how she was doing. She was having a ball. I told her, "When you go back out there you don't need to sit so much like a lady."

She got a wicked smile and asked, "Do you want me to put on a show out there? Is this show for you or just anyone?"

I kissed her and said, "Mainly for me but if anyone else happens to see so much the better."

She took a machine at the end of a row so I could see her. She had her legs wide open and I, as well as everyone with me, could clearly see her panties. Every time she would win she would turn to me and bounce up and down, showing more and more. Then she hit a $1,000.00 jackpot. She was jumping up and down and that little skirt was going right with her. She gartered her money and came running over to me. In an excited voice that was not low at all she said, "Take me up stairs and fuck me good!" There was one big sigh from the whole bar as I took her arm and walked out with her.

We stopped to change in her money then went to the room. Pet was trying to give me her money but I told her, "You won it, it's yours." She made me take back the hundred I gave her. She had over $900.00 in her hand, more money than she has ever had to herself.

She just sat there looking at all that money. She got this gleam in her eye. She said she saw this on some show once. She threw the money up and it landed all over the bed. By the time the money had settled on the bed she was naked. She jumped on the bed rolling in the money and said, "Fuck me. Fuck me right now, right here. Fuck me Uncle Dave."

I have to admit fucking on a bed full of money was a first for me. When she got the money she insisted it not be anything over twenties so there was a lot of money. I pushed into her. She had two fists full of bills rubbing them on her tits as I fucked away. I'm not sure what got her off so fast, my expert fucking or all that money that was all hers. She came fast, in fact she came three times before I emptied into her. After we calmed down she gather up every bill and counted them to make sure they were all there. She took out $100.00 and told me to hold on to the rest.

The look in her eyes just knowing she had her own money on her, it was something I had never seen in her before. Even though she has over $70,000.00 in the bank this was hers, in her hand. The closest thing I could think of to describe it would me a kid getting his first allowance. You could see the things going through her mind as to what she would do with it. I was interested to see what she did do with it.

We took a nap before the late show. I woke up around 9 and pet was dressed but laying next to me asleep. I got up and walked around the bed. Pet was asleep with a big smile and holding a purse. She didn't own one, she never had anything to carry in it. All she had was her id and car keys, those she shoved in her pocket. Now she had a reason to own a purse. She must have gone out while I was sleeping. She looked so happy and so beautiful I didn't want to wake her.

I kissed her sweet lips and her eyes opened. She just lay there looking at and said, "I love you Uncle Dave."

I kissed her again and said, "I love you too baby." Then I pulled out the purse and said, "Did you go shopping while I was asleep?"

She jumped right up and started going off, "Oh, I am so sorry Uncle Dave. I didn't mean to ..."

I put my fingers to her lips and kissed her saying, "It's fine Pet. It's your money and you're over 21. You can do what you want with it." Holding up the purse looking at it I say, "Now that you have a place to keep it would you like the rest of your money?" She just smiled and put her arms around me.

I got dressed and we went out for a late dinner, which Pet insisted on paying for. The joy that showed in her eyes at that time was better than anything I could have done for her. Dinner was great. We laughed and talked and just enjoyed being together.

We got to the show and after slipping the guy a fifty we got great seats down front. We were at a table with another couple. They were younger than me and older than Pet. Now Pet does not look her age of 25. I on the other hand look every bit my age of 37. That's why we were getting so many looks from everyone. We all introduced ourselves. We were so used to the story that Pet was staying with us. Then they asked where my wife was. When we said she couldn't make the trip their eye brows went up and they looked at the two of us and smiled.

The whole conversation took on a sexual tone after that. Without saying anything they knew we were fucking each other. It was out in the open when Jack asked, "Your wife is ok with you two coming here together?"

To which Pet said, "Oh, yes. She is just sorry she couldn't join us."

Now everyone knew everything and the flirting and teasing started long before the show did. It didn't take long for Pet and I to figure out that Jack and Joan were swingers. They were both very interested in my little pet and Joan was flirting with me as though her husband wasn't even there. That just gave him more time to flirt with Pet.

The show started and we all moved our chairs around to watch. This left me sitting next to and very close to Joan. Not long into the show Joan's hand was on my thigh. I got Pet's attention and at first I thought she was going to be jealous. After all this was our weekend together. Not long after Pet reached over and took Joan's hand and put it right on my cock. At the same time she said, "I'm too short. I can't see from here. Can I move my chair over next to you Jack?"

Jack was caught by surprise and when he looked at Pet he noticed his wife's hand on my cock. Of course my hand was working it's way up his wife's leg. He looked back at Pet and she winked at him. He aid, "Sure Pet." Then in sly tone said, "You can sit on my lap if you need too since Dave's lap is busy."

The rest of the show Jack and I were playing with Pet and Joan's pussy and they were playing with our cocks. Pet said she had to use the restroom and like all women asked Joan to go with her. I don't know what they talked about but when Joan came back it was without her panties. I'm sure Pet did the same. In fact I would bet it was Pet's idea. For the rest of the show Jack and I had full access to their pussys. I know Joan got off a couple times. I don't know about Pet.

After the show Jack and Joan were all ready to party. Pet put a stop to it and said we needed to get back to our room, Kathy would be calling soon. She thanked them very much for a fun time and said we may run into them again over the weekend. She said that if we did maybe things ..., then let it drop. She kissed Jack goodnight and slipped her panties into his hand. Joan and I kissed but it was not her panties I had in my hand.

As we were all walking back we found they were in the same hotel just two floors below us. We talked as we walked to the hotel and it just worked out that soon Jack was walking with Pet and I was walking with Joan. Once in the elevator Both Joan and Pet had their tops pulled up and Jack and I were sucking their tits and playing with their pussy. We got to their floor and they got off saying they would see us tomorrow. The doors closed and Pet and I bust out laughing. We only had two floors to go but I was sucking her tits and playing with her pussy just as Jack had done.

We were both so hot for each other that as soon as we were in the room the clothes were off and we were fucking like mad. Pet had two big orgasms before I filled her pussy. I rolled beside Pet and was stroking her when she said, "I guess it's not going to be just the two of us this weekend." We both started laughing and kissing. We cuddled up and went to sleep.

I woke the next morning with my cock in Pet's mouth. Just as my eyes started to focus on that beautiful mouth sucking my cock, the phone rang. Pet never stopped as I answered it. It was Kathy getting ready to leave for the office. I shared my morning blowjob with her. I was telling her how much I missed her just as I shot off filling Pet's mouth. Pet drank down every drop then wanted to talk to Kathy. She got on the phone and started telling her all about our trip so far. Her voice would peak now and then as I ate her out. She finally said, "Goodbye Aunt Kathy. I love you." I don't know if Kathy was still on the phone but Pet was still holding it when she screamed, "Oh God YES ......... EAT MY PUSSY ......... MAKE ME CUM.......... YES YES YESSSS!"

Over breakfast we agreed that if we ran into Jack and Joan we would see what happens, but we would not go looking for them. As always there were slots outside the café where we had breakfast. Pet just had to try them again. I watched her for almost an hour. She was still flashing me and teasing me but she was not happy. She came back to me and had lost a hundred dollars of her winnings.

I knew there were two ways to cheer her up, as with most women. Take her back up to the room and fuck her silly or take her shopping. Since we had been and will be fucking all weekend we went shopping. She was so excited, she still had about seven hundred dollars in her new purse.

I am not big on shopping. Kathy and Pet always go together, another good thing about Pet moving in. Being here alone with Pet and sharing her excitement as she went from shop to shop was very enjoyable. The fact she was fusing over me, hanging all over me, kissing me and flashing me when ever she could didn't hurt the shopping experience. There are so many malls here now, we spent most of the day just having fun together We had a lite lunch and more shopping and sight seeing. We got back to the hotel around 6 that afternoon.

We went up to the room and Pet had to model everything she bought. She didn't go too wild she still had over three hundred dollars. Some were very sexy and some were for everyday. I sat and watched her beautiful little body as she would strip naked just to dress it up again. She saved the sexiest things for last. By the time she put on the last outfit I was rock hard. She danced around in the skimpy little outfit. She came and sat down in front of me and with her sweetest voice asked, "Would you take this one off me Uncle Dave?"

I had already stripped naked watching her. There wasn't much to this outfit and it was off her in no time. I picked her up and carried her to the bed. I stroked her body and said, "Do you have any idea how much I want to make love to you right now?"

She stroke my face and said, "You always make love to me Dave."

I lightly kissed her lips and said, "This has been such a wonderful day with just you, I want to give you something special."

She pulled me over her and whispered, "You have given me something special this weekend. You have given me you. I have been yours and only yours all weekend." She kissed me softly. Then she got this silly grin and said, "Except for that pussy you were playing with last night."

I gently slapped her ass saying, "You're the one who started it." We laughed and rolled all over the bed playing with each other. We were having so much fun rolling around on the bed, then suddenly realized I was some how deep in her pussy. We just looked into each other's eyes then slowly started pumping back and forth with each other.

My cock was slipping in and out of her pussy but the real action was in our eyes. The feelings of my cock in her pussy was only a compliment to the emotion between us. When we finally built to our mutual orgasm and I filled her pussy as I have many times the explosion was in our hearts and in our eyes. We held each other tightly connected at both ends and shared something neither of us had ever felt before. Time stood still as we held each other. We could have been there for hours.

We just held each other without saying a word for the longest time. Pet looked me in the eye and smiled and said, "If we see Jack and Joan again we're going to fuck them aren't we?" We both started laughing. The moment was gone but the important thing was that we had shared it and it will always be a part of us. I playfully smacked her ass and told her to get ready for dinner.

We dressed and went to the buffett and sure enough Jack and Joan joined us at our table. Pet and I looked at each other and smiled. As expected Jack sat next to Pet and Joan joined me. We really enjoyed these people and had a very nice dinner. We all talked about what we had done all day. Nothing was said but everyone knew we were now a foursome for the evening.

After we ate they wanted to hit the slots for a while. They played and I watched. With Joan and Pet there was a lot to watch. I never saw any of the slots but I saw lots of panties. Jack noticed the show I was watching was better than the machine he was playing. When the girls saw they had both our full attention the went in to high gear. That only lasted about 15 minutes and it was time to head to the room. When Jack asked, "Your room or ours?"

Pet and I both said, "Your's." There was something special about our room being just for us. We didn't want to share that with anyone. That was just for our weekend together. Pet and Joan were sitting there looking at us, both had their legs wide open. Joan jumped up next to me and Jack took Pet's hand and it was off to the elevators. The ride up was one long wet kiss with lots of groping on all sides.

We got to their room and the kissing kept up. Joan and I are undressing each other and so were Pet and Jack. Soon the four of us were naked on the bed together. Joan and Pet were lying next to each other as Jack and I take our places between their legs. Jack shoves into Pet and I look at her just before I push into Joan. There is a look on Pet's face I've never seen before. Without saying a word I knew, she wanted to get this over with quickly and get back to our room.

I started slamming into Joan as fast as I could. I have never fucked a woman just so I could get it over with. She did have two orgasms before I finally filled her pussy. Jack had just pulled out of Pet. They laid there kissing for a few minutes as did Joan and I. Suddenly Pet got off the bed and started getting dressed. I followed her but Jack and Joan were confused expecting things to go on for much longer. Pet just said, "We have a very early flight tomorrow." That seemed to satisfy them and Pet and I left the room.

We got back to our room and were holding each other. Pet looked up at me and said, "I'm sorry I made you leave but it just didn't seem right, not without Kathy. You and I being alone together is one thing but to act as a couple getting together with another couple just seemed wrong." We were both naked by now and she sat on my lap and softly said, "Besides this is the last night I have you all to myself."

We laid on the bed holding each other and kissing. Pet started kissing her way down my body. She got between my legs and took my cock in her hand. She held it and looked at it. Then kissed it like it was the first time she had ever seen it. She held my balls in her hands and did the same softly sucking them. She worked her way back up to the tip of my cock and kissed it. Looking me in the eyes she smiled and engulfed my cock in her mouth. I was enjoying her stage two blowjob very much. I looked down at her and she winked and this time it was less than 15 seconds and I was filling her beautiful mouth with the biggest load of the weekend. She kissed her way back up to lay next to me and said, "I think my Uncle Dave liked that."

I kissed her lips and rolled her on her back. Now it was my turn to look at her and there was so much to look at. Every inch of her is a work of art, her long blonde curls, her crystal blue eyes, her beautiful face. Her tits were so big and hung just slightly giving them a beautiful shape. I followed my stare with little kisses and licks. When I got to her tits I took one in each hand and worshiped them with my tongue. I ran my tongue around the bottom of her tits which on Pet is more sensitive than her nipples. I kissed and licked my down over her flat belly to her belly ring. I play with her belly ring with my tongue.

I kissed my way down over her golden blonde bush that Kathy keeps so neatly trimmed. She opened her legs wide for me and her pussy came into view. She has the most beautiful pussy of any woman I have ever known. If her body is a work of art her pussy is God's masterpiece. I slowly pulled the lips apart opening up that part of her that has given me so much pleasure. I couldn't take my eyes off it, I stared it her for the longest time. Finally I brought my mouth close and kissed her there. I slowly ran my tongue up her lips and found her hard little clit. Like her tits I worshiped it with my lips and tongue.

Her hips were coming up off the bed now and I could hear her singing. Her voice is like music and when she moans it's more like singing. Her head was rolling back and forth and her legs were locked tightly around my head. Soon she was singing for me to make love to her, "Oh Yes Dave .......... Make love to me ................. I want you inside of me ................... Now Dave Please."

I climbed up her body and we kissed deeply as my cock slid easily into her. We never broke the kiss as we pumped against each other. My cock was going in and out of her pussy as we pushed together faster and faster. We finally broke the kiss only when we both started cuming. I was filling her pussy just as I had her mouth not long ago.

I fell next to her on the bed and our breathing slowly came back to normal. We held each other and kissed. Pet lay back on the bed and said, "This weekend with you has been the most enjoyable time I've ever had with any man ever. I love being with you." Then she looked at me and said, "But I miss Aunt Kathy."

I kissed her and lay next to her and said, "I know baby, so do I." We slept soundly that night and made love once more in the morning before catching the noon flight home.

Pet Ownership Ch. 12
byKY ridgerunner©

Now It Is My Turn

Kathy finished her project Sunday morning and was waiting for us at the airport. Listening to Pet tell Kathy about our weekend I thought we had gone two different places. All the facts were there but from her point of view it was much different than the way I would have told it. The one thing we agreed on was it was not the same without Kathy.

We got home and Pet took the bags inside. Kathy and I finally had a few minutes together. I kissed her and she smiled at me and said, "Sounds like you two had a good time this weekend." We went inside and Pet was on her knees waiting for us. Kathy smiled and asked, "Did you miss this over the weekend?" Kathy pulled up her skirt and Pet was licking her lips looking at Kathy's pussy. Kathy ran her fingers through Pet's hair and said, "Ok, go get it." Pet dove into Kathy's pussy almost knocking her over.

As I walked past Kathy I said, "I think Pet missed you."

Kathy grabbed my shoulder for support and said, "You have no idea how much I missed her." She ran her fingers through Pet's hair and was headed for a major orgasm as she gripped my arm harder and Pet's hair. Through her moans she said, "Or how much I missed this." Finally Kathy couldn't take any more and ordered Pet, "Stop!" Pet stopped eating Kathy then kissed her pussy and got up to fix dinner.

Kathy and I went into the living room to spend some time alone. Pet brought us a glass of wine then went back to the kitchen. I told Kathy my version of the weekend and she was getting hot all over again. As I told my story Kathy had my cock out stroking it. By the time I had finished I was pumping her pussy. Just as I started filling Kathy's pussy Pet came in to tell us that dinner was ready. Sometime while Kathy and I were talking Pet had changed into her uniform. I pulled out of Kathy and sat on the couch. Pet was looking at Kathy's dripping pussy and I said, "Go for it Pet, clean her up for me." Pet was on the floor in a flash and licked Kathy's pussy clean. Then without me telling her she went after my cock sucking it clean as well.

Smiling up at me she repeated, "Dinner is ready."

Over dinner we talked about all kinds of things then came the question I was expecting, "So when do I get my time with Pet?"

I smiled and joked with her, "I was thinking that same thing on the plane watching Pet sleep. Of course she was spooned up against me and my cock was still deep in her pussy having just fucked her, but I was thinking of you. I was thinking you two need some time alone."

Kathy playfully slapped me as she went for more coffee and said, "Sure you were."

We all laughed and I said, "Well maybe it was later but I think I know where you should take Pet. Remember that woman's only spa resort we read about? When would you like to go?"

Kathy sat back down saying, "After the weekend I've had while you two were playing around in sin city, I'm ready now but it will have to wait till next weekend."

Kathy and I were still dressed which is unusual. As I passed Kathy on the way to the bedroom to get out of my clothes I kissed her and said, "Done, you two can take off this weekend."

Pet followed me to the bedroom and started undressing me. She said, "You know how much I love Aunt Kathy and how much I enjoy other women, but I have never spent a whole weekend with just women before." She had me naked now and was on the floor kissing my cock. She looked up at me and asked, in her little girl voice, "How am I going to go three whole days without this nice big cock of yours?" I was going to say something, what I don't know. Just as I opened my mouth she asked, "So what is this place like?" Her mouth closed over my cock and I was balls deep in her warm wet mouth.

She was only in stage one so I could still talk but God, did it feel good. I told her we read about it in the underground paper. It is not a gay resort but you could find that if you looked. It is a very expensive retreat for women executives and rich wives who want to get away from the world of men for a while for what ever reason. They go there to be pampered and treated like royalty. There is a complete beauty spa. Like any resort there are shops and a coffee shop and even a lounge. Since it is for women only it is more or less clothing optional. Most of the women wear bra and panties or just the panties. The staff is dressed much like Pet's uniform. In the back of my mind that might be where I got the idea for Pet.

By now Pet had moved to stage two and it was feeling very good. Kathy walked in and said, "Now Pet." That was it, stage three, 15 seconds later I was filling Pet's beautiful mouth. She sucked me dry and went to strip Kathy. As Pet undressed her Kathy said, "So I get you all to myself this weekend." Pet was pulling down Kathy's panties and Kathy said, "With all those beautiful women you might not want to spend all your time with me."

Pet pulled Kathy's pussy to her and kissed it. She then ran her tongue up her pussy over her belly between Kathy's tits up to her neck and kissed her ear. Pet whispered to Kathy, "I'll do what ever you tell me to do. What ever you have me do I would prefer to do it with you all weekend."

That did it for Kathy and she picked up Pet's little body and was soon 69ing her on the bed. Between moans Pet would say, "Oh yes just like that Aunt Kathy, all weekend." Kathy was driven wild and her hips were humping Pet's face as fast as her head was going up and down and all over Pet's pussy. Pet was screaming and Kathy was screaming. I was so hard I was ready to cum just watching. I was stroking my cock thinking that their weekend would be nothing like ours was. I couldn't take it any more and walked over to where Kathy was eating Pet. Kathy licked my cock as I shoved it deep in Pet's pussy.

Kathy rolled to Pet's side and rubbed her pussy where my cock was going in and out. I leaned forward and started sucking Pet's tits as I pounded her pussy. Kathy turned around and started kissing Pet. Pet's body was going every which way. Her hips were coming up to meet mine. Her tits were high off the bed trying to get as much as she could in my mouth. Pet's tongue was as far in Kathy's mouth as she could get it. Pet came twice screaming as she did before I stood and held her legs for the last few strokes with my cock. Soon I was pumping her pussy full. I kept pumping until there was nothing left in me to fill her with.

Kathy kept kissing Pet as she pulled my load from her pussy with her fingers. Kathy would lick her fingers then kiss Pet and go back for another load. Kathy kept this up until she had fished everything out of Pet's pussy. Pet lay there not moving except to return Kathy's kisses. I watched them for a while then said, "I don't know about you two but I could use a drink." I started to turn to go fix the drinks and Pet was off the bed and out the door before I could even turn around.

That was our first night back. When we did go to sleep Kathy was between Pet and I. Pet was holding Kathy's pussy like a teddy bear and I was holding Kathy's tit. As we fell asleep we made sure Kathy knew she had been missed and very much loved.

That whole week when Pet wasn't busy with something she was on the floor in front of me. My cock was either in her hand or in her mouth. She kept me so hard I had to make her suck me off about twice each night before I would take Kathy to bed and fuck her. When I came home that week Pet was not waiting on her knees as always. She would be bent over the table and her pussy was the first thing I would see when I walked in. Sometimes Kathy would be under her and sometimes not. Either way I would drop my pants and fuck Pet first thing every night.

It was Thursday night and I had fucked Pet when I came home. She had sucked me twice during the evening and I had just fucked Kathy before going to bed. I filled Kathy's pussy with as much as I could muster and sat back watching Pet go after Kathy. I ran my fingers through Pet's hair as she ate Kathy and said, "We've got to get another cock around here or this is going to kill me." It was a joke and neither one seemed to even hear me but it became the main topic of their weekend together.

Kathy took off Friday morning so they could get an early start. Of course they both wanted to get fucked before they left so I wound up calling in that day also. Finally they were on their way. Pet drove and they took her Mustang. It was arranged for me to stay with Dick and Jackie that weekend so I wouldn't be alone. I called Jackie and we started the weekend early not waiting for Dick to get home.

My weekend was very enjoyable, even restful. It was totally different with Jackie the center of attention with two men, instead of me being the center with two women. It reinforced my feeling we needed another cock but I didn't know Pet and Kathy were thinking along the same lines. Here is how their weekend went according to Kathy.

KATHY'S WEEKEND WITH PET

It is about an hour drive to the resort. Pet and I were both wearing just a tube top and short skirt. Since we didn't expect to be wearing much this weekend we only packed one bag together and that was mostly bras and panties. For the first part of the drive we talked girl stuff, just two good friends getting away for the weekend. About half way there I looked over at Pet. She looked so beautiful sitting there driving. Her skirt was riding up her legs. Two things came flooding into my brain, first my deep desire for this woman and then my total control over this woman. I couldn't control one feeling any more than the other.

Out of the blue I told Pet, "Pull your top down and let me see those beautiful tits of yours." She didn't bat an eye, she just pulled her tube top to her waist. There is something about the design of the Mustang that keeps anyone from looking in. Big rigs are to high, a car is too low and even in an SUV you have to be looking just right. The only one Pet was on display for was me but she felt like she was showing the whole world.

I leaned over next to her and like I would play with Dave's cock as he drove, I started playing with Pet's tits. She gave out a soft moan and said, "I can see this is going to be a great weekend." I played with her a little more even pulling her skirt up to play with her pussy. She kept moaning how good it felt and would push into me.

I wanted to see if I could tease her like I do Dave. I leaned back against my door and Pet looked at me with that sad look of her's when I pulled away. A big smile crossed her face when I pulled my top down and put my foot on the seat showing her my pussy. I was getting into playing with my tits and pussy for her. I was close to making myself cum when out of the blue she asked, "Have you ever thought about having a baby?"

That brought me back but I didn't stop what I was doing. I looked at her and said, between my own moans, "Watching you grow and change has made me wonder what it would be like to see the world through the eyes of a child, but I had my tubes tied long ago."

She looked at me and with all her innocence asked, "So they were just tied. Can they be untied?"

The idea of having a baby had never seriously crossed my mind until that moment. I knew she was right but wanted to change the subject so I asked, "What brought that on?"

She smiled and said, "It's what Uncle Dave said about getting another cock around the house so we don't wear him out. I'm not getting any younger. It might be time to think about having a baby. I thought we might do it together."

That sent my mind in a whole different direction. My hands were still playing with my pussy and tits like they had a mind of their own. I heard the words come from somewhere but couldn't believe I said them, "I guess it is something we could look into."

We were getting close to the resort now and I reluctantly put myself back together. We were pulling up to the door and Pet's top and skirt were still around her waist. Then I remembered that she wouldn't put them back unless I told her to. Quickly I told her to get dressed. She just smiled and did as I told her.

We checked in and it seemed strange that there were only women working there. They showed us what the spa offered and we signed up for massages and facials and a bunch of other things. Pet was bouncing like a little girl saying, "This is going to be so much fun Aunt Kathy."

They offered to take our bag up for us and I said, "That's alright, Pet will get it." As we walked away I thought we must seem like a couple and I'm the dike and Pet is my bitch. Then laughed and thought, "I guess this weekend we are."

We got to the room and were out of our clothes in no time. With just a skirt and tube top it doesn't take long to be naked. We were on the bed kissing and holding each other like two lovers sneaking away from our husbands. We spent the next two hours exploring each other like it was our first time together. It was when I was on my back and Pet was stroking my body things changed. She was lovingly running her hand over my belly. I looked down and asked, "What are you doing?"

She kept rubbing my belly and looked up at me in a way I had never seem before. She smiled and said, "My baby's half brother or sister might be in here one day."

That moment I made up my mind that I was going to see if I could have my tubes untied. Without even thinking about talking to Dave first I said, "I think I would like that very much." We started kissing and rolling all over the bed. It was like the two of us had decided to get pregnant and have our baby.

I finally broke away from Pet and said we should get something to eat. We had noticed how all the women were dressed, or not dressed in the resort. Pet wore panties and bra, one of her uniforms. I chose to wear a silk camisole and panties. Leaving the room I stopped Pet and kissed her saying, "We still need to find a father if we want to have a baby."

Pet jumped up with her arms and legs around me as she does Dave and excitedly asked, "Are you going to find me a breeder?"

I kissed her deeply and set her down in the hall closing the door and said, "Not here I'm not."

We both laughed and headed down to eat hand in hand. I felt like I was Pet's age and the way she was skipping about she acted like she was 16 or so. We were both giddy as school girls. Somewhere in the back of my mind was a voice asking me, "What the hell are you doing?" I quickly told that little voice to shut the fuck up, I was happy. Now I just need to tell Dave he is going to be a daddy to someone else's baby. That little voice was back saying, "I told you so."

We got to the coffee shop and everyone was dressed much the same as we were. The staff were all dressed like Pet in bras and boy shorts, some had just the shorts. We were giggling so much we had trouble placing our order. As we ate we were laughing and naming men as possible daddies. Poor Don was out, he was not ready to leave the couple he was with. Pet asked about Dick and if Dave could be reversed. I told her no to both.

We got back to the room and Pet pulled out her laptop. I didn't even know she brought it with her. She logged into some of her submissive chat rooms. We were laughing so hard it hurt as we posted different ads like, "Wanted, submissive male live in to act as stud for two women." We were sharing a bottle of wine and the more we drank the wilder our ads became. We got some very interesting replies which had us laughing harder.

We couldn't take any more laughing and finally logged off. Pet and I were lying on the bed together. Pet stopped laughing and looked up at me with those crystal blue eyes and said, We're really going to do this aren't we Aunt Kathy?"

I pulled her close and kissed her lips and said, "Yes baby girl, I guess we are." Then I pulled back and looked at her saying, "But you're going to have to help me tell Uncle Dave. I'm not sure how he is going to take it."

Pet snuggled in on my tits and lay with me saying, "I don't think that will be a problem. I can tell by the way he talks to me about me getting pregnant. He never thought you would ever consider it. He was afraid to even ask you." Pet turned and climbed up my body. Her pussy was pushing against mine and her tits were on mine. She kissed me like a lover and whispered, "By the time I get done with Uncle Dave he will be begging you to get your tubes untied."

Pet's mouth opened wide and over took mine and we rolled all over the bed kissing. We soon worked our way over each other's body and came to a 69. I looked at that pussy I had eaten many times and thought about a baby coming out of there. I ran my hand over her belly and dove between he legs like I was sucking the baby right out of her. Pet moaned, "I think this whole idea has you really worked up." I tried to climb inside her pussy as I ate her and she was doing the same to me. My mind was filled with so many things I don't know how many orgasms I had but finally we both fell spent on the bed next to each other. We kissed lovingly and fell asleep very tired but very happy.

Saturday was a busy day full with all kinds of treatments. We were pampered like I've never been before. For Pet it was something very different. She had never been treated any thing like this. At first she didn't know how to react but soon fell into it. Watching her being waited on was such a joy. She is so beautiful that people think this is how she lives, a goddess with all her servants. No one would ever expect her to be the one waiting on them. I was seeing her in a new light. I have seen her as our pet waiting on our every need, now she was the one being waited on. She look so natural in both ways.

I noticed the difference in the way Pet received the attention and the other rich bitches. They were so demanding but with Pet it was different. Everyone wanted to wait on Pet, they could not do enough for her and since I was with her I got the same treatment. I thought that when Pet was in a situation where she was in charge she would be very demanding, like she tried to teach us to be. She was so bubbly and fun to just be around. She never demanded anything but if it came out of her mouth it was done.

We didn't talk about babies that day but every time Pet would walk past me she would rub my belly. We got back to the room and Pet got on her knees in front of me. I don't understand Pet sometimes. It was like she felt guilty about all she got today and needed to be back in the submissive mode again. The only trouble with that was it forced me to be in control again as well. I ran my fingers through her hair and said, "Undress me!" There wasn't much to take off but she seemed glad to be doing it. She reached up and pulled my top over my head and then was again on her knees pulling down my panties. She kissed my pussy then looked up and smiled then kissed my belly.

I pulled her to her feet and took off her bra and panties. I led her to the bed and we lay there kissing. She said she was enjoying this weekend very much but missed Dave's big hard cock. This gave me an idea. I never give Pet orders outside of our bedroom. I felt safe since there were only women at the resort. I told Pet, "I want you to put on a very short skirt with no panties, then put on a crop top that just covers your tits. In the gift shop they sell the kind of toys that will help us out. I want you to go down there by yourself and buy one. Tell the sales girl you need to make sure it fits then bring it back up here and use it on me."

She looked at me with a very surprised look then a big smile came across her face. I watched as she dressed just as I told her to. She had a short pleated skirt that she pulled even higher. She pulled out a t-shirt she had cut down to just under her tits. She loves wearing it for Dave. She ripped another 2" off the shirt before putting it on. Now it came to just cover her nipples.

Pet is the woman the rest of us hate. She never needs or wears makeup. She can fuck wildly all night and get out of bed and shake her head and every curl falls right in place. Her body is to die for and her face will melt any heart. Add to that a personality that is just totally lovable. Now she is standing there in front of me looking more beautiful than I've ever seen her. She spun around with her skirt flying and asked, "How do I look?"

It was all I could do to keep from jumping her and dragging her back to the bed. She picked her hands up over her head and her tits popped into view as well as the blonde curls of her pussy. I started crawling down the bed saying, "If you don't leave now I'll grab you and never let you go." Laughing she twisted out of my reach and hurried out the door. It was over an hour before she came back.

I was sitting naked at the table playing with Pet's laptop, and my pussy, when Pet came back to the room. She had her hands behind her back and a shit eating grin on her face. I looked at her and asked, "Well did you get us a toy cock to play with?" She brought her left hand in front and pulled up her skirt. There was a rubber cock stuck in her pussy and I thought she was holding the other end behind her. She turned around and pulled up the back of her skirt and the other end was in her ass.

I ran to her and pulled her top off as she dropped her skirt. I picked her up and threw her on the bed and I jumped on the bed with her. I was between her legs looking at our new toy and said, "I have got to hear this story."

Pet pulled her legs wide open with her hands and said, "Fuck my ass and pussy while I tell it to you." I took hold of the rubber cock and shoved it in Pet's pussy which pulled it from her ass. Then I pulled it from her pussy which shoved it back in her ass. Pet started moaning, "Oh yes, oh yes ....that's it ....... like that ........ oh yes" I told Pet to tell the story or I would stop, then I did stop. She put her hand on mine and started moving it again saying, "Don't stop. Don't stop until I can't take it any more." She stopped my hand and said, "Let me start by telling you I'm glad to be your bitch this weekend. Every woman I ran into between here and the shop hit on me, even the straight ones." She let go of my hand and I started fucking her faster.

Pet panted out the story. "I got to the shop feeling like a queen with everyone hitting on me. I walked in and THERE was a nice looking woman about my AGE. As I looked over the panties and bras and OTHER things she asked if she could help ME. I told her I was looking FOR a toy cock that MY girlfriend and I could USE since there weren't any MEN there."

"She showed me THE display and pulled THIS one out. I told her I NEEDED to see if it would FIT. She took the tip of the cock and LIFTED my skirt with it. She rubbed it on my PUSSY and shoved it in. As she WORKED it in and out she asked me HOW it fit. All I could do was MOAN. She had me BEND over the COUNTER and took the end THAT was in my PUSSY and shoved it in MY ASS. She play with MY PUSSY with the other end and SHOVED it in my PUSSY. She started ROCKING it back and FORTH like you are DOING now."


"She whispered IN MY EAR, "I think it FITS" I moaned back to HER, I"ll take it. Just LEAVE it where it IS I'll wear it back to MY ROOM. I stood next to HER and she kept FUCKING me as she rang it UP. She kissed me and I CAME, then I brought IT back up HERE to YOUUUUUUU! OH GOD stop now, please stop now. Let me do you."

I quickly pulled both ends out of her and she screamed. I covered her mouth with mine and we kissed deep and wet and heavy. I knew it would be a while before she would be ready for any more so I held her and kissed her. I stroked her body as she slept in my arms. I soon fell asleep holding her.

It was a couple hours later I began to wake up. I could feel Dave's cock pushing at my pussy so I opened my legs to let him in. When his cock was deep in me, my eyes shot wide open, it could not be Dave fucking me. He was still at home. I looked down and Pet's blue eyes were smiling at me. My eyes went down between us and that rubber cock was deep in Pet's pussy and now deep in mine as well. Pet started moving her hips fucking us both with this rubber cock.

I looked back in Pet's eyes and she softly said, "I've never fucked another woman, not like this before. I'm so happy to be here with you." She started kissing me. Pet reached between us and took hold of the cock and started moving it faster. She brought my hand down to hers and we both were fucking each other. Our hips were moving toward each other as we fucked and continued to kiss. We were both building to our orgasms quickly. We were soon screaming and slamming our pussy together. All I could think as I went over the edge was, "Oh GOD, this was a good idea.!"

I fall limp on the bed. A couple seconds later Pet's body goes stiff and she too falls limp next to me on the bed. Neither of us says a word. We kiss and I pull the covers up over us. We fall asleep holding each other still connected to each other by this rubber cock.

When I woke Sunday morning Pet was sitting naked at the table with her laptop. Our mutual toy lay on the table next to her. The sun was shining through the window and lit her with a glow. I got out of bed and walked up behind her. I ran my hands down cupping her tits in my hands. She turned and kissed me good morning. I looked at her and said, "Do you have any idea how much I love you? How much we both love you?"

She pulled me around and had me sit as she got up. She came to sit in my lap and kissed me. She looked in my eyes and simply said, "Yes I do, otherwise I couldn't love the two of you as much as I do." She kissed me then pulled back looking at me. She said, "I think you should see this." She turned to her laptop and pushed a key and this message popped up.

"Hi Pet, I love the name. It brings so many images to mind, that is if you are a submissive like I am. I know you and your friend were just playing on the computer last night but I want to take the chance just in case you were serious. I have been with a couple for a long time and thought we had a good thing going. Unknown to either the husband or myself the wife stopped taking her pills. Long story short, she got knocked up which was not what the husband wanted. He threw me out as soon as he found out. He is also leaving his wife. I thought there was love between us all but I need to get away from this situation and have no where to go. Well that's my story. It was good just to be able to tell someone,

thanks,

Bill"

I read the note and asked Pet, "So did you answer him yet?"

Pet got off my lap and started pacing and said, "No I haven't, I just found it before you woke up. I wouldn't know what to say to him. I can't invite some guy to stay with us just because he's living on the street."

I stood up and put my arms around her and kissed her cheek. I told her, "I didn't say to invite him in but just let him know it was not a joke and get some more information from him. While you do that I'm going to take a shower." I kissed her on the forehead and left her looking at the laptop.

It wasn't long before Pet joined me in the shower. All talk of Bill stopped as we played with each other's bodies in the warm water. We both knew our time alone together was fast coming to a close. We were all over each other and Pet went down on me as I played with her big beautiful tits. Pet can always get me off fast and this morning was not any different. I was screaming and humping her face. She held me to keep me from falling. When I recovered I pulled Pet up and started to go down on her but she said we needed to get ready for our massages before breakfast.

We got out of the shower and dried each other. All Pet has to do is towel dry her hair and as thick as it is in less than half an hour it is back to it natural bouncing curls. I, on the other hand have a lot more to do to get ready. While I'm drying my hair Pet checks the laptop. Bill must have been sitting on top of his computer all weekend waiting for us. I came out of the bath room and Pet was already reading his reply. She was telling me what he had to say as I got dressed which was nothing more than putting on my panties and bra.

It seems he is staying with his sister but her husband is not great on long time house guest. He works construction, which he says keeps him in good shape. He is five years older than Pet which would make him five years younger than me. He is putting money away and his brother-in-law has given him six months to get his shit together, it has already been one month. He doesn't live that far away. On the internet you never know. We were both ready now and I joked with Pet, "Have him send us a picture."

Pet and I enjoyed our morning massage and a good breakfast.. It seems that the whole staff knew about Pet in the gift shop. This excited Pet and we spent some time just walking around the resort to see what reaction we would get. Every woman wanted to be me as Pet made it clear to them all she was my bitch. We were laughing so hard when we got back to the room.. The laughing stopped when Pet hit the key on her laptop. Now Bill is no Greek God to go along with our little goddess but he's no dog either. He had the little face hair the young guys wear now. Pet and I both said that had to go but other than that he was a very nice looking man.

It was time to get ready to leave for home which meant putting on more than bra and panties.. Actually we took off the bra and panties and put on pull over tops and short skirts for the drive home.. Pet and I had a nice long talk on the way home with a couple stops to get each other off.. We did have a lot to talk about, getting to know Bill better and telling Dave why we need to get to know Bill better.

Pet Ownership Ch. 13
byKY ridgerunner©

Part 13: You Want to What

I was still at Dick and Jackie's when Kathy and Pet finished their weekend. They were going to pick me up there on the way home. That was a good idea since they both needed a hot hard live cock pounding their pussy. Their timing was a little off though when they came in the back yard I was pumping Jackie's pussy full of cream and Dick was filling her mouth. I didn't even know they were there until I heard Pet's voice, "Well Aunt Kathy I guess we'll just have to get them hard again." We had all fallen to the ground after fucking Jackie. When I looked up I was looking under Pet's skirt at her naked pussy. Dick was doing the same to my wife.

All the women know the quickest way to get us hard again. I was still looking up Pet's skirt when it came falling down on my head. Pet and Kathy were as naked as the rest of us in no time. Pet got between Jackie's legs and started licking my last load from her pussy. Kathy brought her pussy to Jackie's face. Jackie didn't waste any time going after Kathy's pussy. As expected that had Dick and I hard and ready for some more fucking and there were two new pussys that needed fucking.

I started fucking Pet while she was still going down on Jackie. When Kathy saw me fucking Pet she pulled away from Jackie and got on her hands and knees in front of Dick. He accepted the invitation willingly and was soon pounding my wife's pussy. Jackie lay back and watched the four of us going at it. With two cocks going at her all weekend she was ready to sit back and just watch. It felt so good to back in Pet's pussy again. I had just filled Jackie's pussy moments ago and was soon doing the same to Pet. Pet was moaning, "That is so much better than when Kathy does it." When I let lose in her pussy she screamed, "Oh yes, Uncle Dave, fill me. Give it to me."

Pet fell to the ground pulling my cock from her pussy. She rolled over and pulled me to her saying, "You don't know how much I needed that." Just then we heard a loud moan and looked to see Kathy getting pumped full of Dick's creamy load. Pet kissed me again and said, "Almost as much as Aunt Kathy did."

I pulled Pet to her feet and said, "That must have been some weekend."

Kathy was flat on her belly now and cooed, "It was great except for the part about not having any cocks to play with."

Pet and I were sitting together on the lounge chair and Kathy was starting to get up. Pet said, "That part wasn't so good. We had to improvise."

Now the story was getting good. When Pet pulled out their little toy Jackie got very interested and joined us. Between Pet and Kathy they told us about their weekend, totally leaving out the part about getting pregnant. Jackie had the toy now and was rubbing it on her pussy. Pet offered to show her how good it feels. Soon they were fucking each other with it like she did with Kathy.

It was some show they were putting on and they both were getting in to it. Kathy came and sat next to me and gave me a blow by blow how she and Pet used it this weekend. With Kathy whispering in my ear and watching the two women fucking I was hard again. Kathy started stroking my cock and whispered, "When was the last time you had sloppy seconds on your wife?" That was it for me and I pushed Kathy on her hands and knees. I shoved my rock hard cock in her wet dripping pussy. It wasn't long when I added my load to the one Dick had already left in Kathy's pussy.

I was just pulling out of Kathy when Pet joined us. I looked over and dick was going wild with his wife. I guess he like the show too. Kathy sat next to me and Pet got between her legs licking up both loads in Kathy's pussy. Kathy said we should go now. So leaving Dick and Jackie fucking like mad we bid our goodbyes.

We were soon all home again and it was great to be back but I could sense something was up. Neither Pet or Kathy said or did anything different. I just felt it. I figured what ever it was they would tell me in their own time so I didn't push the issue.

It was over a week before Pet brought it up. I knew something was up when she out did her self on dinner that night. Pet made sure everything was just right before joining us. As we ate she calmly asked, "Uncle Dave, Remember before Aunt Kathy and I left on our weekend you said something about getting another man around here so we won't wear you out?"

I was a little surprised and said, "I may have said something like that. You two were fucking me to death that week."

She was a little shy now and said, "I may have found someone. I think I want to have a baby now. I'm not getting any younger."

I looked at her and said, "Well you know we can't help in that department. Kathy and I were both fixed long ago." I saw Pet and Kathy look at each other but didn't find out what was going on until we all went to bed together.

Kathy started working on me right after dinner. She was all over me which was not unusual but somehow it was more than usual. After Pet finished cleaning up she joined us. She too was trying a little too hard. I knew something was up but hey, I'm a guy. Two beautiful sexy women trying way to hard to please me, you think I care what their motive is.

First I fuck Kathy good and slow then watch Kathy and pet together. Pet sucks my cock while Kathy goes down on her. She wasn't just trying to get me hard she drained me good. The two of them worked together to get me hard one more time. Pet climbed on top of me and rode me. That wonderful pussy fucking me, those big soft tits on my chest, kissing me with her lush lips. When I came I drained everything I had deep in Pet's sucking pussy.

I lay there on the brink of death and Pet never moved. Her pussy was still milking my cock and her tits were still on my chest and she looked deep in my eyes with her crystal blue eyes and asked, "Can Kathy and I get another cock to play with?"

Well I came back from deaths door very quickly. I rolled Pet off and on her back on the bed. Kathy was on her other side and was stroking Pet's body when Pet said, "You always said I could find a breeder when the time was right. I told you I would share him with Aunt Kathy."

I know everything she was saying was right. I just never thought it would ever happen. Somehow my mouth started saying what my mind was thinking. "I know we talked about this many times but I thought it was a joke. Now you want to bring in another man to live here........"

Pet quickly added, "another submissive."

I nodded and went on, "Ok another submissive, to live here with us. He will get you pregnant and be able to fuck Kathy when ever she wants. Is that about it?"

Now Kathy started coughing and choking. I looked at her and asked, "There's more?"

Kathy didn't know how to say it and stammered, "Well Pet and I were talking and.......... we just thought it .......... if I could ......."

Pet thought it was time to get it all in the open and just said, "Aunt Kathy wants a baby too."

I actually fell off the bed. Both women were right there for me. They were kissing me and hugging me but I was too stunned. I stood up and walked into the living room with my head spinning. It was sometime before Kathy joined me. She knew I wasn't mad just shocked. She came and held me. She tried to comfort me saying, "When I had my tubes tied we thought we would never have kids but just in case we had them tied and not cut."

I held her tight and said, "But a few years later when we considered swinging even though we never did it we decided to get me fixed as well. We didn't want there to be any way I could get someone else pregnant. That's what I told the doctor and he assured me there was no way I could, now or ever."

Kathy had her head in my lap now and said, "There have many advances since then. Maybe they could use your sperm. If there is any way I want your baby and I think Pet feels the same way."

By now Pet had joined us and neither Kathy or I had noticed. She said, "If they can shove your sperm up my pussy with a turkey baster I'd do it. There is nothing I would like more than for this to be your baby."

We all hugged and cried and kissed. We were soon back in a three-way fucking our brains out. I called the doctor that did Kathy and it was two weeks before we could get in to see him. The sex that two weeks was unbelievable. I was ready to call this Bill just to get some rest. We finally got to the doctor and he ran his test.

The doctor had good news and bad news. Kathy's was totally reversible but with me they couldn't even pull sperm out to use. If Kathy wanted to have a baby it would have to be with a donor. Over the next couple months we all talked and fucked and talked some more. I could tell both women were excited about having a baby. They were in fact fucking me to death.

I guess I knew what was going to happen but as a man I was having trouble with it. Bringing in a live in to be Pet's mate is one thing and I don't have a problem with that. Watching Kathy with another man is exciting even if he was a live in she could have any time she wanted. Both women reassured me that I would be in total control. Bill is a submissive and will do what he is told so there would be no sex without my say so. None of this was the problem, it was another man giving my wife a baby I could not give her.

I read a story on the web about this valley where the men couldn't get their wife pregnant. They had to bring in men to get them pregnant but it was understood that the kids belong to the families. I knew this was total fiction but made me think that just maybe we could make this work.

I told Kathy and Pet what I was thinking and that there would have to be some ground rules. Pet climbed up in my lap and with her soft voice said, "There only has to be one rule Uncle Dave, what ever you say goes. You say when, you say how, you say who."

I still had a lot going through my mind but agreed to a trail run for a week. I wanted to see just how things would work before Kathy had anything done and Pet came off the pill. Pet introduced me to this Bill on line. He seemed nice enough but I was still holding off. I told him there would be a round trip ticket at the airport and this is just for a week to see how things go. He would arrive on Friday and leave a week from Sunday.

I love watching both Pet and Kathy with another man and to be able to do that anytime was exciting. Bringing a man in to fuck my wife and get her pregnant was something else all together. I had many mixed emotions that Friday and left work early. I stopped and had a few drinks before going home. Pet and Kathy were picking Bill up at 9 am and it was now well after 1 pm. I pulled up to the house and Pet and Kathy's cars were both there so I knew HE was there also. I had no idea what to expect when I walked in the house so I sat in the car getting my head together.

I finally went in and Pet was in her uniform on her knees waiting for me. She must have heard the car drive up. Kathy was sitting at the table with a nice looking young man about 30 years old. He was not that much younger than Kathy and I and just older than Pet. To say the lest it was an awkward moment. Pet handed me her leash as always. Kathy and Bill stood and Kathy introduced him. I went to shake his hand and realized that pet had my cock out and was sucking it just like she always does. I was so use to it and unsure about meeting Bill I never realized she was doing it.

Seeing my situation Bill came around the table to take my hand. When he did he went down on one knee and brought my hand to his forehead like he was kissing the kings ring. This took me by complete surprise and I was just ready to tell Pet to stop when Kathy yelled, "Now Pet." I think we all know by now what that meant. I was filling Pet's mouth with this guy still on one knee in front of me. It wasn't until then I noticed Kathy holding another leash. I followed it and it went to Bill. Pet was still sucking my cock and would until I told her to stop, which I did quickly.

I unhooked Pet's leash and told her to start dinner even though it was only about two in the afternoon. I took the other leash from Kathy and said, "Bill, come with me." We walked into the living room and I liked having this guy on a leash. It confirmed my control of the house. Kathy followed behind us. Kathy and I sat on the couch and I wanted to see what this guy would do. Would he be all over Kathy hanging on her knee like Pet does me? He got down between us and sat back on his heels.

I looked at Kathy and said, "So what have you been doing since you picked Bill up?"

So Kathy started her story, "Well we stopped for something to eat but no body was hungry we just used that time to meet each other. Pet asked if he was going to have a uniform too. I thought that would be a good idea. Since you picked out Pet's uniform we stopped at the mall and I picked out something for Bill." Kathy reached out and unhooked the lash from Bill and told him to go put on his uniform. I was sitting there holding an empty leash. I was not ready to have this guy lose in the house yet. Kathy went on to explain, "Now we each have our own pet but they will both follow either of us. We all know you have the last say but I do hope you will give me control over Bill."

I couldn't argue with what she was saying. Pet has been more or less mine and now Kathy had one of her own. It would be only fair. All this was going through my mind and Kathy was still talking but I didn't hear her. Then Bill came back in the room. I saw his bare feet and started looking up. Kathy's voice came back in and I heard her say, "This was just something quick for the week. Pet said she will make him what ever I want him to wear." As I looked up he was wearing red spandex briefs and a vest and that's all. His cock was clearly visible. He was hard, I guess from the situation and I was glad to see there was no competition. We were both about the same.

I was speechless and Kathy stood and hooked his leash back which gave me some comfort. I stammered and just like with Pet I asked that dumb question, "Does he do any tricks?"

Kathy walked around him and said, "I don't know yet. We just got home before you."

What happened next is so not like me. I never give Kathy orders but I took the leash from her and told her, "Help Pet with dinner."

Kathy didn't question me. She just went in to the kitchen with Pet. Now they had been on line with this man for some months. I didn't know this man at all. If he is coming in my house to fuck the two women I love most and get them both pregnant, something I can not do, I thought it was time he and I spend sometime together. I led this 90% naked man by his leash to the back patio. I was not overly gentle about it.

We sat down and I asked him his story. He came from strict parents but they didn't lock him away like Pet. He had seen a lot and been out in the world much more than Pet. Most women he had been drawn to when he started dating were strong demanding women. Over time he became more and more submissive. He wound up with this couple and had been there for years. The wife fucked it all up by getting herself pregnant. Now he was on his own. He knew he could make it alone but didn't want to. He really liked what they had and would like to find something like that again.

Then he started asking about our relationship with Pet, saying it was strange for a submissive relationship. As much as I hated it I was starting to like this guy. He was open, honest and seemed to care a great deal about both Pet and Kathy. Just as we were getting close Pet said that dinner was ready. Bill still had the leash on and I led him back inside. I made a big production over taking off the leash. Both women knew that was my way of saying I was ok with this.

Bill went to pull out Kathy's chair. I looked at Pet and said, "I believe I'm way over dressed, Pet."

Kathy picked up on it right away and said, "I think you are right." Then she turned and said, "Bill."

Pet started to undress me and Bill took his lead from Pet and undressed Kathy. Neither one stopped until we were naked. Bill saw Kathy naked for the first time. He steeped back and his mouth fell open at how beautiful she was. Pet pushed his mouth closed and said, "I guess your last master wasn't a knock out like Aunt Kathy?"

He never took his eyes off Kathy as he sank to his knees in worship. He said, "I thought you were the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Now two such beautiful women." He looked at me and said, "I would have gone mad being around so much beauty all this time." I sat down and jokingly said, "It's a tough job but someone has to do it."

He took Kathy's hand and kissed it saying, "It would be my honor to serve two such beautiful Goddess."

I thought he was laying it on a bit thick but could tell he meant every word. I knew I had a good thing with Kathy then added Pet. Life was very good. He is seeing them both for the first time together and believe me that can be a lot to take in.

Bill stood up and saw Pet sitting with me and then noticed four place settings. Kathy saw the look on his face and took his hand saying, "In this house we all eat together." You could tell this was something he was not use to. He was shy at the table not knowing what to expect. Kathy held up her empty glass and Bill jumped up. Kathy pulled him back down and said, "Pet will get it."

Bill was getting very frustrated. Kathy wouldn't even let him get anything for himself but made Pet do it. Finally he said, "I'm sorry but I just don't know what to do here. I'm not use to being waited on by another sub. If this is the way it's going to be I don't know if this is going to work. Am I here just as a sex toy?"

Kathy saw she was upsetting Bill and said, "No I'm the one that is sorry. We are not use to having two "pets" around either. When we have guest Pet does all the chores."

I jumped in and said, "I think you had the right idea before Kathy." She looked at me like what the hell are you talking about. Then I said, "Pet will be mine and Bill will be yours. If you need something, Bill will do it. If I want something Pet will do it. When it comes to sex either of us can tell them what to do, but otherwise Bill is yours and Pet is mine."

Everyone seemed ok with that and we started again. The next time Kathy wanted more wine it was Bill that got it for her. That first night was awkward to say the lest. Things were going good until we finished eating. Pet, not wanting to be replaced, tried to do everything. Bill, wanting to make a good impression and show what he cold do, tried to do everything. Kathy and I were ready to put the leashes back on and pull them apart. The two of them breeding and rasing kids was looking less and less likely.

We finally came to an agreement with the kitchen is Pet's area. She would fix the meals and Bill would clean up after. Now we told them to work together so Pet could show Bill where she wanted everything. Kathy and I went in the living room hoping they would not kill each other. It was very much like bringing a new dog into the house, more so than I thought it would be.

We brought them together to be with each other. Pet was defending her territory, which was both Kathy and me. Bill was defining his new territory which was Kathy. We could see we had our work cut out for us. Kathy and I both thought if we brought a man home for the soul purpose of fucking Pet and Kathy it would be orgy city every minute. In the world of a submissive it seems that the sex drive is not the leading drive. It is the ownership, the attachment, the belonging.

Normally you would tell them to kiss and make up. Well Kathy and I didn't know what to do. No man I have ever known has not wanted to fuck Pet above and beyond everything else and Kathy is a close second. I wasn't sure if we should fuck our own pet first or have them fuck each other. We all knew how good Pet is so I thought it was time to see what Bill had to offer.

I whispered to Kathy to make Bill strip naked. Now Pet is on the floor at my knees and Bill is with Kathy on the floor in front of her. Kathy firmly told Bill, "Stand up and strip. I think it's time to see what I'm getting." Bill was up in a flash and stripped naked almost like he was flaunting to Pet what he could offer Kathy that she couldn't. Pet never took her eyes off Bill but it was not like she was excited by him but more outraged by him. Pet's grip on my knee was getting harder. This was not going the way I wanted it to. If I had Pet fuck me just them she would have fucked me to death proving a point.

If they were going to have a fuck out it was going to be between them. I tell Pet, "Stand up and strip. Show our guest what you have." She stood and faced Bill slowly taking off her uniform. Now that we were all naked Kathy and I started playing dueling pets. I started with, "Pet. see Bill's cock, go get it." She was on the floor in front of Bill before he saw her move. She didn't have to be told she went right into stage three. He lasted longer than I do but still under 30 seconds. That caught Bill by surprise.

Pet was still sucking away on Bill's cock when Kathy said, "Pet, stop, heel" Pet was right back at my feet with her head on my knee. Kathy had not had time to work out commands with Bill yet so she said, "Let's see if Bill can eat pussy as well as Pet can suck cock. Bill, eat Pet's pussy." He wasn't as fast getting there but once he got Pet on her back and started licking away at her she was cuming quickly. Pet was trying to push Bill away when Kathy said, "Bill, stop, heel." Picking up on Pet's commands he went over to Kathy and rested his head on her knee just as Pet had done to me.

Since both had cum very hard the edge was taken off their competition. I looked at Kathy and said, "Only one thing left." Kathy smiled and winked at me. I said, "Pet down!" Pet got on all fours in front of me.

Then Kathy said, "Bill, fuck Pet. Show me what you are going to do to me." Bill walked over behind Pet and got down. He looked at Kathy and slowly shoved his cock deep in pet's pussy. Pet gave out a moan and soon they were fucking up a storm. Surprisingly Bill didn't last that long. Pet was going through her own orgasm when Bill filled her pussy. Bill fell back on his heels pulling his cock from Pet. Pet just fell flat on the floor.

Kathy got down next to Bill her tits in his face. I got down next to Pet with my cock close to her mouth. I laughed and said, "Now can you two play nice together?" Kathy reached for Bill cock and started stroking it and said, "Dave and I would like to play too but not until you two calm down."

Pet and Bill looked at each other and bust out laughing. Pet pulled Bill to her and they kissed, gently this time. They broke the kiss and rolled on their backs. Pet grabbed me and Bill pulled Kathy down. Four naked bodies kissing and rolling on the floor. Bill was on top of Kathy and Pet was on top of me. Soon the kissing went to fucking and Kathy had Bill's cock for the first time. When Pet saw Bill fucking Kathy she stopped and she and I watched them together.

Pet got off my cock and took it in her mouth. She lay down so she could watch Kathy and Bill while she sucked me off. She was only in stage one so I could watch too. There was a good show to watch. Kathy's legs were locked around Bill's waist. He was pounding into her and she was humping back. Kathy's tits were mashed between them as they were kissing. They were kissing as hard as they we fucking. Kathy broke the kiss screaming and Bill soon filled her pussy. As soon as Bill started pumping my wife full Pet went to stage three and I came with him.

Bill fell to Kathy's side and when she was able to talk said, "Now that's better. I knew we could all get along." That had everyone laughing. Then Kathy told Pet, "Come here Pet." Pet was right there and they got into a 69 since Bill had filled both their pussys.

It was getting to be time for bed and both pets want to sleep with us. This was getting very complicated. On the one hand Kathy needed time with her pet to work out her commands, yet on the other hand Pet needs time with Bill since she is the one he would be breeding with. This is why I wanted the trail week I left it up to Pet. I told her, "Before we head for bed you need to pick who is sleeping where. Our bed is big enough for three but not for four."

Pet thought about it and finally said, "Bill and I will have a lot of time alone this week while you are at work so I think Bill should have the bed with Kathy." Then she turned to me and asked, "Will you sleep with me tonight?"

That's an offer I'm not going to turn down. Kathy gave me a kiss goodnight and took her pet with her to the bedroom. Pet sat on my lap and snuggled up like a little girl on daddy's lap. I just held her letting her deal with her emotions. Finally she looked up at me and said, "There is a lot more to this than I thought there would be. I guess I thought Bill would just be something extra. I never thought about him being part of our family but I guess it would have to be that way."

I kissed her and asked, "So, how do you feel about Bill?"

She looked at me and her face lit up and she said, "I was already in love with him on line. If it was just the two of us getting together it would be fine but it's not and I don't want it to be. I want to be with Bill but don't want to leave you and Kathy. I don't know how but this week I'll find a way to make it work.

I lay her on the floor and got on top of her. I pushed her hair back and said, "I know you will and I know you can. Three years ago when you first came here I'm not sure it would have ever worked but you have grown a lot. You know who you are and what you want now. I know you will find a way to make it all work out."

She pulled me down and kissed me shoving her hips up sucking my cock into her pussy. We started slowly then picked up the pace. I was just finishing filling Pet's pussy when we heard a scream from the bedroom. Pet started to giggle and said, "I think Bill is making Aunt Kathy as happy as you make me."

Pet and I made love two more ties that night always with the background noise coming from the bedroom. By morning Kathy had her pet well trained. She was also very well fucked. When they came out of the bedroom Pet already had breakfast started. Kathy came and sat next to me. All of us were still naked and Bill went to help with breakfast. I told Kathy I was going to take Bill out to the work shop after breakfast. If I'm going to let this man get the two women I love most pregnant I need to know him better without the women around.

Over breakfast we all talked about the pitfalls from the night before. Pet admitted she felt her place in the family was threatened. Bill say he was trying to fit in and maybe tried too hard. We all made some suggestions of how to make things better.

After breakfast I took Bill out to my shop. I wanted to set some ground rules for my ladies. We talked about a lot of things mostly his contracting job. He could run his own crew but the time involved would conflict with his home duties. I told him if he did come to live here things would be different. I told him that if he did move in this house would not be big enough. I asked him to come up with a design. We tossed back and forth ideas and totally out of the blue Bill asked, "Have you ever had your cock sucked while you watch the girls together?"

This caught me by surprise and I asked, "What?"

Bill said, "I've been with a couple for a few years and while I don't really like it he did asked to suck him off from time to time. I just wanted you to know I would if you asked me to."

Two naked men kicking back in the work shop and he starts talking about sucking my cock. It's time to join the women. I stammer something like, "A........ a....... a ......... I might have to try that sometime ...... ugh ........ maybe .......... a .......let's see what the girls are up to."

We get back to the house and Pet and Kathy had been working on their own plan. Pet said, "Since I'll have Bill all day by myself during the week Kathy can have him on the weekends. During the week I'll be sleeping with you and on the weekends Kathy gets two cock to sleep with."

I walk up behind Kathy and hold her tits saying, "Speaking of two cocks, that was one of the reasons to have another man around. I think it is time for Kathy to see what it would be like anytime she wants it."

We all headed to the bedroom and Kathy gets on the bed on her hands and knees. I come up behind her and shove my cock deep in Kathy's pussy. She turns her head to the side so I can watch her take Bill in her mouth. Bill and I start fucking Kathy from both ends as Pet cheers us on. Bill is the first to go off filling Kathy's mouth. Watching my wife drink down all Bill gave her pushed me over the edge. Just as I started pumping Kathy's pussy full her own orgasm started and she screamed as I filled her pussy.

We all took a break before doing the same to Pet. Saturday night was nothing short of a sexual free for all. Someone was fucking someone most any given time and it didn't mater who was with who. Since it was still the weekend Kathy got Bill in bed with her. This time I joined them and Pet slept next to me on the floor. At some point during the night both Bill and I fucked Kathy.

Sunday was just a continuation from Saturday night. The only time we took a break from all the sex was to get something to eat. Pet would fix something and the next time Bill would do the cooking. That night it was Pet's turn in the bed and Bill slept on Kathy's side of the bed on the floor. Kathy spent most of the night with her hand over the side of the bed stroking her pet's cock.

Monday morning and Kathy and I had to go to work. Pet was helping me get dressed while Bill was helping Kathy. We started with a shower together then they would help us get dressed. Over breakfast Kathy said, "It would be very easy to get used to this."

Our pets walked us to our cars and had these sad looks as we left them behind. But that didn't last long. Alone in the house they were free to play with each other as much as they wanted. With both of them doing the house and such there was lots of time left over. Pet and Bill built a partnership that worked very well. They seemed to just fit right together once they accepted that the other was going to be there. They were falling very much in love with each other.

They were a very loving couple during the day but when Kathy got home Pet was right there to lick away all her stress. Then Kathy would take her pet to the bedroom to undress and what ever she felt like doing. When I got home Pet had dinner ready and was waiting for me. As always I would have her suck me off or fuck her over the couch then it was our turn in the bedroom to undress and what ever. Since Bill was only there for a week Pet let him have the bed a couple nights.

Things were going so well when it was time for Bill to leave we told him to put his affairs in order and to move back here. Pet never asked but was very happy when we asked Bill to come live with us. As Bill kissed the girls goodbye he said, "My first project is to build us all a bigger bed." No body was complaining about that.

Pet Ownership Ch. 14
byKY ridgerunner©

Chapter 14: Bill Moves In

After putting Bill on the plane to go home and put his affairs in order the three of us had a lot of talking to do. Pet was very much in love with Bill. By the end of the week it was easy to tell that Bill was not only in love with Pet but worshiped her. I don't know if a pet can have a pet but when we were not around Bill was her puppy dog. He would follow her anywhere and do anything she said. As far as Bill was concerned the sun rose and set because of Pet.

It would take about three weeks for Bill to get everything in order, rent a truck and drive back. We had a lot to do as well. Pet stopped taking her pills. I told them we were going to have to get a bigger house. What I didn't tell them is that Bill would design and build our new house. Kathy and I talked a lot during that three weeks and we both agreed that one week was not long enough to know if we wanted Bill as the father of our baby. We like the guy a lot but this is a major decision. We know it is the right thing for Pet.

Soon it was close to the time Bill would be back. We only had three more nights that it would be just the three of us. After Saturday all our lives would change forever. Life would never be the same. First there would be another man around the house. Shortly there would be a baby living with us. Pet took all three nights and turned them into a celebration of the three years we have all lived together. She made lavish dinners with cake and candles the whole nine yards. After she cleaned up each night she made sure we knew how much she loved living here those three years.

Friday night, our last night as a trio, I told Pet not to cook. The three of us went out to dinner at the best club in town. Afterward we danced. Pet was so excited to be going out and she was dressed so sexy. She danced with me, then Kathy and a couple guys asked her. She was having a ball. It was only around 11pm when I told Pet it was time to leave. She was very disappointed until I told her, "We don't have far to go. We're only going to room 312." Now she was more than ready to go.

We got to the room and Pet went running and jumped on the bed. Her short skirt went flying and she had the cutest little panties on. Kathy and I watched her as she rolled on the bed. Pet suddenly sat up and asked, "Remember the first time we went on a plane and stayed in a hotel together?" Kathy and I sat next to her and held her. The tears started coming and she sobbed, "You guys have been so good to me and so good for me. I love you both so much I never want to leave."

I kissed her and said, "You never have to leave."

She started shaking her head saying, "Bill is coming, then the baby will be here. I hope Bill and I get married. Everything is going to change."

I put my hand to her lips and said, "Kathy and I are married and that didn't change anything. If you and Bill get married will you want things to change?"

I still had my fingers on her lips and she just shook her head, no. Then I let it slip, "I was going to save this until tomorrow but Bill and I have been working on a design for our new house. When I say "our" I mean all of us together." She looked up at me and her eyes were full of hope. I told both Kathy and Pet our ideas about the house. "The bottom floor has a large living room in front. In the back is a big kitchen and dining room. There are two stairs going to the second level. One side is yours and Bill's the other side is for Kathy and me. There is a master bedroom, full bath and a room for the baby on both sides. The difference is that between your master bedroom and ours is a doorway. You and Bill can come to our bed anytime you want."


She was so excited she started ripping my clothes off. All three of us were trying to undress each other all at once, which was not working. We finally fell to the bed laughing and each took off our own clothes. We were a naked in a flash and Pet jumped back on top of me. She didn't waste any time and had my cock deep in her pussy. She was hot and ready. As soon as my cock was fully in her she started her orgasm. She rode me hard and heavy until I finally blasted away in her pussy. She screamed and fell on the bed beside me. Kathy dove right in licking Pet's pussy to yet another orgasm.

We took a break and lay there stroking Pet's body. She started remembering again, "Remember that first day when I went down on you the first time?"

Kathy kissed her and said, "How could I forget that. You were the first woman to ever do that to me."

That's how we spent the whole night, remembering, crying, and fucking. None of us got any sleep that night. The sun was coming up and we finally got to talking about Bill and the baby. There was a lot more crying. Pet and Kathy were rubbing each others bellies like they were already pregnant. Pet knew we were not ready yet but she also knew we were going to do it but just not sure how yet. Pet was saying she wanted a boy and Kathy surprised me saying, "I want a girl so she can grow up being daddy's girl."

Pet and Kathy got into a 69 and I knew this was just for them. I stepped back and let them be with each other. Just as they were really getting into it my cell rang. I had the home phone forwarded and it was Bill. He had just gotten to the edge of town. I told him to meet us at the coffee shop at the hotel. When we got to the coffee shop Bill was already there. It took them a while to finish what they were doing and I was not about to stop them. By the time we got dressed, cry, cry, kiss, kiss, it was over an hour.

Pet was very excited to see Bill again. She went running up to him and jumped in his arms thereby showing everyone in the coffee shop her panties. Pet couldn't wait to tell him she was off the pill. We told him that Kathy and I were still looking into other options. Bill told us about a clinic in Mexico that was doing some amazing things . Bill had not even been back to the house yet and we were already planing a road trip together.

Pet and Bill were getting a little wild for the coffee shop so we headed to the house. Pet rode with Bill and for some reason they were about 30 minutes behind us getting home. Pet told us she sucked him off as soon as they got in the truck but she needed to be fucked so bad they had to stop. When she did get home she pulled up her skirt showing us that not only was she not wearing the panties any more but she was freshly fucked. Kathy was quick to take care of that situation.

While Kathy and Pet were going at it yet again Bill and I started unloading the truck. Like Pet he had very little clothes or anything personal. Most of what he had in the truck was construction tools. We put them in the garage. The last thing to come off the truck was the bed frame he had built. It was like a waterbed frame so it had support through out and two drawers, one on either side. The frame was bigger than our bed, it was built for a calif. king and we only had a queen. The drawers that pulled out held a single mattress and that is where Bill and Pet would sleep.

It was early enough I called and got the mattresses delivered that evening. I had them leave the two singles in the garage and bring the Calif. King up to the bedroom. It fit just right. Bill and I brought up the single mattresses and now our bedroom was all bed. That night we started a ritual that we followed every night.

When it was time for bed Pet was on her bed sucking my cock. Bill was on his bed on Kathy's side. Sometimes she would go down on him or Bill would go down on Kathy. When Bill and Pet had us both ready Kathy and I would roll to the middle of our bed and make love with Bill and Pet watching. Kathy and I made love slowly to each other with my cock sliding in and out of her. Kathy cums before me most nights but I am quick to follow her. Then we roll away and Pet will suck my cock clean as Bill goes down on Kathy.

We did that every night before going to sleep. Some nights I would bring Pet on in to bed with us. Other nights Kathy would bring Bill. About once a week both Bill and Pet would join us on the big bed. The only way Kathy will let Bill fuck her is doggie style, like she is fucking the family pet. The only one she makes love to is me. This went on for a couple weeks while Kathy and I got our birth certificate and everything else ready for our trip to Mexico. Pet and Bill always had their birth certificate with them for some reason.

While we waited for our documents I took Kathy away for the weekend, just the two of us. Pet was confused about our need to be alone but it was something Kathy and I needed. This also gave Pet and Bill some time alone. I would love to have been a fly on the wall for that. As soon as Kathy and I were in the motel we were naked and fucking. It had been so long since it was just Kathy and I.

Kathy pulled my clothes off and was going down on me. I didn't want to cum in her mouth, at least not this time. I pulled Kathy up. She was only wearing a summer dress. She pulled down the zipper and as she stood up the dress fell to the floor. I picked her up and laid her on the bed. We were soon in a 69 with my cock back in her mouth. Even before Pet came along Kathy was one great cocksucker. She was just as good now as she ever was.

Kathy had me to the point again and I turned around shoving my cock deep in her pussy. We just stayed like that for a while not moving. I slowly started pumping in and out of her pussy. It was one of the best fucks Kathy and I ever shared. We both slowly built to our climax and Kathy went over the edge first. I soon followed her filling her pussy.

I fell down next to her and once we could talk again she ran her fingers through her freshly fucked pussy. She smiled at me and said, "Since Pet is not her I guess you'll have to do it." We went right in to a 69 licking each other clean. Surprisingly we both came again. This time I had no problem filling Kathy's wonderful mouth with my second load. I licked every drop of Kathy's sweet nectar until she couldn't take it any more.

Once we were all fucked out we had some time to talk. I told Kathy how I felt about watching Pet grow and mature. I told her that it made me regret having been fixed and now wanted a baby very much. I know it was my choice and I told Kathy I wanted a baby with her no mater what or who it took to do it. She shared all her feelings and we were both so excited that the sex started all over again.

That's how the weekend went. We would talk then fuck then talk some more. That always led to more fucking. By the end of the weekend not only were we totally fucked out but had made some major decisions. We would go to the clinic and if there was any way to have "our" baby that's what we wanted. If we couldn't have it that way we still wanted a baby and Bill seemed to be a good choice.

We got back home and I set Bill up an account like I did Pet. He was looking in to some of the construction companies but wouldn't start until we got back from our trip. Bill and Pet were alone together during the day. What time they weren't fucking each other Bill set up a workshop in the garage. He was very good at his trade and could run any crew, now he would be able to do just that.

When I came home from work each day, I would most often find Bill fucking Kathy over the table from behind. Pet was always waiting for me and always wanting what ever I asked her to do. Most times I would have Pet suck me off as I watched Bill finishing with Kathy.

The day came for us to leave and we were all excited, me most of all. It was a two day drive down there. A week stay with two more days back, so we were looking at a two week trip. We stopped the first night and got one room with two beds. Kathy and I knew we would be out of the action most of the week and would only be able to watch Pet and Bill. These last two night we wanted our pets with us.

I took Pet to one bed as Kathy took Bill to the other. I told Pet to undress me then strip herself but to do it in a teasing way. Kathy was having her own fun with her pet. It took almost half an hour for Pet to finally get me naked. By the time she finished every nerve in my body was firing off like sparks. Then she stripped and that took even more time. I would look over at Kathy and Bill and between the three of them I was harder than I have ever been. Without being touched I was ready to explode.

When Pet finally stood before me naked I couldn't wait any longer. I told Pet, "Now Pet." She went down on my cock in a flash. She just got her mouth on my cock when I started filling her beautiful mouth with all my built up load. As she drank down all I had her eyes were looking up at me and smiling. I let her mouth work my cock back to it's hard state before I told her to stop.

I looked over at Kathy. Bill seemed to be in the same condition I was before but Kathy wasn't letting him cum. She had Bill on the floor eating her pussy. His cock looked like it would explode any time. Kathy was in another world. She had no idea what was going on around her. I told Pet, "Bill, go get it." She was on the floor under Bill as fast as she had taken my cock. Like me she was just able to get it in her mouth before he let go. Pet had him back to a good hard fucking state before Kathy came down from her orgasm. I told Pet, "Stop, heel." She was back between my legs before Kathy even opened her eyes.

Kathy and I were both ready for some hot and heavy pet fucking. Believe me there is nothing like fucking your pet. Pet and I have had our love sessions with and without Kathy but there are times when it is nothing more than a hot and hard pet fuck. That's what we all needed tonight. A pet fuck is always doggie style, it just adds to the whole thing for both Pet and me.

Kathy and Pet got on the beds on their hands and knees. Even though it may seem the same it was totally different for Kathy and I. With Kathy she was being fucked by her pet. I was doing the fucking with Pet, my pet. Your cock might not know the difference but your head sure does. I grabbed Pet's hips and slammed my cock deep in her pussy. She was hot wet and ready. I was fucking her hard and fast and her pussy was pulling on my cock with every thrust.

Kathy was screaming. Pet was screaming. The sound of bodies slapping was bouncing off the walls. Bill gave out first yelling he was cuming. Kathy was screaming, "FUCK ME ........ FILL MY HOT PUSSY ........ FUCK ME HARD SPIKE .......... GIVE IT TO ME." I guess Kathy just named her pet as he filled her pussy with his cream.

When Kathy yelled "Fuck me hard Spike" Pet and I both stopped and looked at them. Pet picked right up on it and started shoving her pussy hard on my cock. She started yelling, "FUCK YOUR LITTLE PET ......... FUCK MY PUSSY ......... KEEP FUCKING THE HOUSE PET ...... FILL THAT PET PUSSY WITH CREAM .......... YOU OWN THIS PUSSY FILL IT UP!" That did it for me and I was filling my little pet to over flowing. My cum was running out of her pussy as fast as I shot it into her.

We finally fell to the bed with Kathy and Bill. There wasn't a sound for the longest time. Then Pet rolled over and looked at Kathy asking, "Spike?" We all started laughing so hard we almost rolled off the bed. Kathy still had Bill's cock in her and was laughing. She said, "Spike was our German Shepard when I was growing up. When I started having those urges I thought more than once about taking on old Spike. I flashed on those thoughts as Bill was fucking me."

I was shocked. You live with someone all this time and you think you know them. I just had to ask, "So did you and Spike every get together"

Kathy turned beat red and said, "Of course not, but there was this one time. I was about 18 or 19 and came back from collage. Spike and I were alone in the house. I had just gotten myself off and was lying on my bed with my eyes closed. Suddenly I felt something cold between my legs. Spike must have come in to see what the smell was. He sniffed me and started licking me and I didn't stop him. That was the only time any thing happened. I have never told anyone about that."

I smiled and said, "No wonder you wanted a pet." We all started laughing and Kathy laughed so hard she pushed Bill out of her pussy.

Hearing her story I was hard as a rock again. I told pet, "Get down, Pet, for round two." She got on all fours and I slammed into her. This was only the second pussy I had ever fucked that was still sloppy. Some how that just made it all the better.

When Kathy yelled out, "Ride that big dog, Pet" I lost it and was again filling Pet's pussy. Kathy's comment had the same effect on Pet as she screamed her own orgasm. This time when I fell back pulling out of Pet Kathy was right there licking up both loads. After all the pet sex Kathy and I slept together and Pet and Bill took the other bed.

More and more we were accepting Bill as part of the house. Kathy was getting in to having her own pet and even I was getting close to Bill. Not close enough to accept his offer yet but close. We were up and on the road early the next day. Kathy spent most of the morning in the back with Bill and sometimes Pet as well.

We stopped for lunch and I told Bill it was his turn to drive while I had my time with my pet. Pet got in back with me and I had her sucking me off before we even pulled out. Watching the three of them all morning I was ready to let lose, which I soon did in Pet's mouth. I never told Pet to stop and she soon had me hard again. I had her bend over between the two front seats and fucked her good from behind. Kathy joined us for a while. She licked Pet while Pet sucked me hard again. I hadn't fucked Kathy the night before so I really wanted to. She was still eating Pet as I slipped my cock deep in her pussy.

It was good to be back in Kathy's pussy, Since I had already cum twice it was a long slow fuck. When I finally filled her pussy Pet turned around and went down on Kathy. After that Kathy joined Bill back up front while Pet and I played with each other. We would kiss and stroke then do what ever we felt like doing which was fucking her two more times and her sucking me off once before we crossed the boarder.

We got into Mexico and found our hotel. Then it was another night with our pets. We would all be going to the clinic tomorrow morning. It was a very long day at the clinic and none of us got the information we wanted except me. No one talked much until dinner. As it turns out they can pull my sperm with no problem. It is good and strong and could get any woman pregnant. Kathy has many good eggs but with her age and some female thing I don't understand she can't carry a baby. We could use her egg and my sperm but would have to have a surrogate. Nothing is wrong with Pet. She is good and ready and any man coming close to her could get her pregnant, except Bill. The outfits that Bill is required to wear have kept his balls so tight he has cooked his sperm. He will have to wear boxers or nothing for a few months to get his sperm back to being healthy.

It was as if all of us got the same idea at the same time. Pet could carry our baby while Bill was getting his sperm healthy, then she could have their baby. Pet was so excited saying, "That would be the ultimate for a pet to do for her owner."

We came back from Mexico with Pet pregnant with mine and Kathy's baby. Kathy's tubes are still tied so she can fuck anyone she wants. I'm still fixed and can't get anyone pregnant unless they pull my sperm. Bill's outfits changed that night, he is now going commando. At the house he only wears the vest and both Kathy and Pet like it a lot more.

