Sarah's Submission Ch. 01
byssnatch©

Author's note: This story runs concurrent to my other story, "Teacher's Pet". It would make more sense if you read that story in its entirety first before reading this story.

---------

The bell rang as Sarah was just finishing her explanation of the homework assignment. She raised her voice to be heard over the din of the students as they all began to gather their books and head to lunch.

"Don't forget, I want at least 500 words in your personal journals this weekend. Email me over the weekend before too late on Sunday and I promise I'll do my best to read and comment back to you before Monday..."

Sarah loved teaching English. Her favorite senior seminar, "Creative Writing" was off to a good start. It was a small class, only 14 students, mostly girls. This wasn't unexpected given the students had choice on their seminar, and everyone knew that this class required more writing then most, and you had to be willing to make stuff up. That part, Sarah knew was harder for many students because it took a certain amount of confidence to write stories and share ideas that were your own then it was to write an expository essay about Shakespeare.

The rest of her day was uneventful. A few sections of freshman English class. After school, Sarah took advantage of the school's new athletic facilities and worked up a good sweat. When Sarah got home, she discovered her apartment was devoid of food. At least nothing she wanted to eat. Her stomach growled in protest. At least she had showered and was presentable, she thought as she grabbed her keys and headed for the grocery store.

She worked her way through the store, but even as hungry as she felt, didn't find that much she felt like buying. She ended up picking up some ready-made foods and was just stocking up on some staples when someone almost ran into her with his shopping cart. It turned out to be another faculty member, Geoff. He was among the young faculty like herself, and she felt suddenly self-conscious when she realized who it was. She had always thought he was cute, but he taught in the math department, and somehow, she didn't see him much, and hadn't really gotten to know him.

She noticed he had a bottle of wine, and compared to her cart, a lot of food. She joked with him about the amount of food, and asked him if he had a hot date, pointing out the wine. She really did want to know. In fact, she was fishing for an invitation. Sarah tried to be as obvious as she thought was appropriate, but he was oddly flustered, and responded that he was stocking up since he didn't like to shop. To her fishing expedition, he wiggled out of any sort of specific response, "sure, well maybe we should organize a faculty party one of these days."

"Yes, sure, that would be nice," Sarah replied. She tried to sound enthusiastic, but she knew her disappointment was evident. "Well, I better get going. Don't want to keep you here all night since you don't like to shop anyway. Bye now. See you at school."

By the time Sarah returned home, she had fallen into a funk. She hadn't really realized until her meeting with Geoff at the store how lonely she was. There were only a few teachers her age, and being a teacher, it was easy to just bury herself into her work. As an English teacher, this was simple, just assign longer writing assignments. Everything the students wrote, she had to read.

She picked at a frozen dinner she had heated up in the microwave while channel surfing on the TV. Realizing that she was neither eating nor watching anything, she turned off the TV, wrapped up the dinner and stowed it in the fridge. Feeling a little blue, she figured she may as well just curl up in bed and do some reading.

As was her usual ritual, Sarah grabbed her laptop to check her email one last time. While sifting through the random junk emails looking for anything real, Sarah clicked on one message with a subject header, "Redefine yourself! 50% off Fall fashion sale!" She didn't even read it, but something about the subject got her thinking. She glanced at the clock on the screen, and quickly shut the laptop.

"Screw Geoff! I don't need him," she said to herself under her breath. Sarah stowed her laptop and headed for her bathroom, leaving a trail of clothes like bread crumbs. An hour later, Sarah had showered, shaved her legs, primped, and completely glammed up. She had put on make up and perfume, and was looking like she was preparing for a hot date as she stood in front of her closet in a skimpy matching black lacey thong and bra.

"Shit, what I am I going to wear? Hell, where am I going?" she asked herself outloud while internally scolding herself for her poor choice of words -- and she was an English teacher! For the past hour, all she knew was that she wasn't going to stay in, and that she was going out to find something. She pushed her work clothes to the side, and started digging into the clothing that she almost never wore. Things that were either out of fashion, or just not appropriate. After a few minutes of digging, she found a simple but altogether appropriate dress. It was what one might call "a little black dress". It was little, and it was black, and as soon as she saw it, she knew it was perfect.

One last look in the mirror, a quick touch up to her deep red lipstick, and she declared herself ready to hit the town. She dropped her lipstick into a small black purse along with a tiny vial of perfume, her house keys, ID, credit card and some cash. She paused momentarily as her mind took inventory.  "God, who are you kidding Sarah, you won't need a condom!" she scoffed at herself, zipped the purse, and headed out the door. Her heels clicked seductively as she walked from her home just three blocks to a major boulevard where she knew she could catch a cab. She still didn't really know where she was headed, but she was exhilarated to be going out. She hailed a cab, and when he asked her where to, she simply replied, "Take me to the hottest club in town. I trust you know where to go?"

She saw him take a look at her in the rearview mirror, smile, and he nodded, "Yes, of course." In minutes the cab dropped her off downtown in the area of town that she knew had the clubs, but if you had asked her before which one was popular, she would not have had an answer. The air was alive with the sounds and smells youthful exuberance. The cabbie had pointed out one club in particular to her, "The Asylum". He said it was the hottest dance club in town. Judging from the line, he was right. She almost lost her nerve and got back into the cab when she noticed a handsome twenty-something giving her a once-over. Her adrenaline began to pump through her, "fuck it" she said to herself and again scolded herself internally "profanity is just a lack of vocabulary", and pushed out her chest, and sashayed toward the line. As she passed by the front of the line, she noted that the line was mostly men. They all looked at her appraisingly. The bouncer at the head of the line motioned to her, and she turned toward him. He unhooked the velvet rope, and waived her in.

"ID miss..." he asked.

"Of course," she answered, fishing it out of her purse and handing it to him. He glanced at it, and handed it back. As she was putting it back into her purse, she felt someone push up against her back.

"Are you sure you're in the right place?" the bouncer asked her giving her a questioning look. He clearly could tell she was out of her element. She hesitated, then an arm hooked her own, and the person that had bumped up behind her was leading her forward.

"Don't worry, Johnny, she's with me," a female voice said with confidence. Sarah wanted to object, but the voice was commanding, and Johnny was already stepping aside and smiling.

Sarah was led into the club by her new companion. The music was loud outside, but it was deafening inside. The bass beat was physical as it vibrated Sarah's entire body. She couldn't see her companion as she was a half step in front of her. She could only see that she was about her height, and had long black hair. She led Sarah right to the middle of the dance floor. Somehow, the sea of writhing, dancing people seemed to move around them allowing them to join the throng with a minimum of jostling. Then, her companion turned to face her, and she began to dance.

Sarah stared at her companion, unsure what to do, but the heavy base beat and the writhing throng around her willed her to begin to move. She began to dance while she tried to figure out what had just happened. Her companion was young. Probably a college girl. She was wearing a black strapless corset and a dark red mini skirt. Neither did a good job of covering her body. Her companion stared at Sarah, her eyes locked onto hers. Sarah looked back, and was struck by the intensity in her companion's eyes. Sarah couldn't look away. The music was so loud that she couldn't think, and that's when she realized, she didn't really care. She was out. She was dancing.

She smiled, and let the music take her all the while, looking into the eyes of her new companion. She didn't know when, but at some point, they lost their protective shell, and the throng pushed into them, pressing them closer together. Sarah's companion didn't seem to care as she stepped closer to Sarah, and reached her arms out and placed her hands on Sarah's hips. Sarah felt herself being pulled toward her companion while the throng pressed her closer from behind. She couldn't fight it, and she really didn't care.

"Just dance Sarah, go with it. If it feels good, who cares?" she thought to herself. She wasn't really into girls, although she had fond memories of her college days when she had experimented. It wasn't like she didn't find some girls attractive, but society and inertia had always set her mind to finding the company of a man.

The music never seemed to stop. Sarah had lost all sense of time. She was still dancing with her companion, but the two had yet to exchange a word, not that they would have been able to hear each other. Her companion had continued to press closer and closer to her, pulling them together until they were pressed against each other. Sarah felt the girl's leg between her legs. As they moved, she felt herself rubbing herself against her thigh. For an instant, when she realized what she was doing, she almost stopped. At that same instant, she felt her companion pressing herself against Sarah's thigh in unison.

Her eyes snapped back to her companion's eyes, and she could see a knowing look. Her companion smiled a lascivious smile, and pressed up harder against Sarah. It took a moment, but soon she found that they were moving as one, and she decided she liked it. Their faces were close, close enough that they could kiss. She could feel herself getting more and more aroused as she rubbed herself against her companion's leg. Her companion seemed to sensed this, and suddenly stepped back, grabbing Sarah by the hand. She mouthed a word to Sarah, "Come".

She led Sarah through the throng toward the back of the club. Soon, they were behind the main dance area, and on the other side of the DJ stand. It was mildly quieter as the speakers were all pointed the other way, and it was mildly less crowded as other couples and small groups had sought out the relative quiet. Sarah's companion pulled her to a nook along the back wall, and then maneuvered her so that Sarah was back against the wall. Her companion pushed up against her. It was darker here away from the dance floor lights.

Her companion leaned in toward Sarah, and for an second, Sarah thought she was going to kiss her, but instead, she brushed her lips against her cheek, and nestled in to her ear. Sarah quickly understood, this was the only way to really talk in the club.

"I like you," her companion said to her. "You're new, I can tell. Do you trust me?"

Sarah thought for a moment. Did she trust her? Her teacher brain was screaming at her, "NO!" but she silenced the screaming. "If it feels good, who cares?" she said to herself again.

"Yes, I trust you," Sarah responded into her companion's ear.

"Good. I knew you would. Do what I tell you, and we'll have a good time. What's your name, pet?" She cooed into her ear.

"Sarah, my name's Sarah. What's y—" Her companion cut her off.

"Sarah. That's nice. Now, I think its time we had a little fun," she said seductively.

Sarah was a little disconcerted that her companion didn't tell her her name, but that quickly faded and was replaced by a new sensation. Her companion had slipped her hand between her legs under the hem of her dress, and was stroking up and down over her lacey thong. Sarah was frozen, both because she was surprised and because she it felt good.

"If it feels good, who cares?" echoed through her mind. She closed her eyes and just let the sensations overwhelm her. Her companion began to lick and nibble on her ear, her breath heavy. Sarah pushed her hips back against her companion's hand in silent approval of the caresses. Her companion, sensing her approval, pushed her beneath the thin lacey fabric of her thong, and pushed two fingers in between Sarah's pussy lips. Wet with excitement the fingers glided easily into her pussy. She began to work her fingers in and out of her while rubbing her clit with her thumb.

Sarah's moans grew louder, but in the club, it didn't matter and she knew it. She let herself fall into the sensations. Her companion pushed her whole body against Sarah. She felt trapped by her companion, but she had no compulsion to escape.

"Mmmm pet, you like this, don't you?" her companion spoke into her ear. "This is only the beginning. I have so much more for you."

"Oooh, yes. Please don't stop," Sarah managed. Her conscious and rationale mind was no longer in the moment, and all she could feel was the heat of her companion's body against hers and her fingers fucking her pussy and rubbing her clit. She pushed her hips against her companion's hand, building a rhythm with her finger fucking. Her breathing was ragged, and she knew she was near climax.

"Pet, do you know the rules?" her companion asked, pulling her face back so she could look Sarah in the eyes. Sarah's eyes focused, and looked back at her companion with confusion.

"Rules? I don't understand," she answered.

"Yes my pet, the rules. No cumming without my permission. You must ask for permission. Do you understand?" her companion informed her, all the while increasing the pace of her thrusting.

"OOooohh. Yesssss......I understand. Oh God....I'm ready...please may I cum?" Sarah asked.

Her companion smiled. "So soon my pet? I think you can wait just a little longer," she replied with a wicked grin and slid her other hand between their bodies and cupped her breast. Sarah gasped as she fought against her desire to cum and tried to play by the rules. Her companion watched her for another minute. Sarah was looking into her companion's eyes, trying to focus her thoughts to prevent herself from cumming. The sensations between her legs kept pushing her toward an inevitable ending, and she wasn't sure she was going to be able to play by the rules. She pleaded with her eyes.

"Oh, please," she hissed, "may I cum, oh god I need it."

"OK pet, you've earned it. Cum for me!" she ordered. With this, Sarah closed her eyes and relaxed letting her climax consume her. She cried out, but didn't hear herself as the music continued to fill the air. If her companion hadn't been pressing her up against the wall, she probably would have fallen to the floor. Her orgasm rippled through her entire body, leaving her fingers tingling. As she was coming down from her orgasm, Sarah opened her eyes again. Her companion was grinning like she had just won a prize.

"Mmmm that was delicious, wasn't it?" her companion said raising her cum slick fingers to her mouth and licking them. "Now, give me your panties."

"What? My panties?" Sarah asked despite the fact that she was already reaching for them to push them off of her hips.

"Yes my pet. I require them, and you won't need them anymore tonight," she said simply. Still somewhat in a haze from her powerful orgasm, and hoping that this meant more was coming, slipped her thong from her hips, and they fell to her ankles. She stepped out of them with one foot, and used the other to lift them to her hand and then held them up for her companion.

Her companion smiled at the offer, and took the thong. It disappeared into the folds of her companion's clothes.

"Very good. You are such a quick learner. You must have been a good student in school," her companion commented. Sarah felt herself blushing, thinking about the irony of the statement. "Now, like all good teachers, I wouldn't want you overwhelmed with your first night's lessons, so that's all for now. But don't worry, there will be more. Its time you went home now."

"But, I don't even know your name? How will—"

"Sshhh...don't you worry about that. All in good time. You said you trusted me, right? Now, remember, I said no cumming without asking for permission. That's your homework -- don't cum," her companion said, smiling.

"Yes, but—"

Her companion stopped her, holding up a finger.

"Off you go, trust me."

Sarah was now totally confused, but was feeling scolded like a school girl. She had no retort, and somehow sensed that doing so would not be prudent. Her companion backed away, and allowed her to move away from the wall. With her eyes, she directed Sarah out of the club, looking from her to the exit on the far side of the club. Sarah felt both compelled to do as she was being told and rejected at the same time.

She turned toward the exit, took a few steps, then stopped and turned back to her companion. She was gone. Feeling totally lost at this point, Sarah continued toward the exit. She moved through the crowd, but this time, she was bumped and jostled as the dancers writhed to the music not noticing her. When she got outside, the cool night air startled her out of her daze. She immediately realized she wasn't wearing panties and while she had only been wearing a thong before, somehow now felt totally exposed. She quickly got the attention of a cabbie that had just dropped off a load of new club goers.

Upon returning home, Sarah was both excited and dejected. On one hand, she clearly had just had one of the most erotic encounters of her life. Not only had she been finger fucked by a complete stranger, the stranger was a beautiful young woman. A beautiful woman who now had her thong as a trophy. This thought brought on the dejected feeling. Was she just a trophy? Was she just a notch on some perverted girls bed post? Was she really so desperate that she could be manipulated so easily? But she has said there was more. Despite the fact that she didn't know her name, Sarah tried to convince herself that she would see this woman again. She could return to the club and find her?

She realized that she was just rationalizing, and decided she had better just go to bed and forget about it for now. At least she had proven that she could go out and find excitement.

***

The rest of her weekend was quiet. She thought about going back to the club Saturday night, but talked herself out of it. Going back and not finding her mystery companion would only make things worse. Better to think of this as a notch on her bedpost. She was the one who had the mind-blowing orgasm after all.

She checked her laptop throughout the weekend, and responded to each student that had complete their journal entry and emailed her. She finished her last response late Sunday night, and put away her laptop. She was already changed and ready for sleep, so she crawled into bed, turned off the lights, and tried to go to sleep. A car drove by on the road outside, stereo blaring. All she could really hear was the base beat. She wondered how anyone could have their volume so high in a car that she could hear it. The base beat pulsed and faded as the car got further away. The sounds brought images of Friday night to her mind. She tried to remember what her companion looked like. While she had spent an hour dancing with her under the lights, and then their encounter in the back of the club, Sarah had a hard time picturing her face. She could remember her tight corset, and her knee high black spiked boots. She had long dark hair, and she knew she was pretty, but her face was now a blur in her memory. She could remember dark eye shadow and dark eyes. But her scent was in her mind. And the feeling of being pressed up against her in the dark, her pussy being fucked by her fingers. The warmth of her breath on her ear.

Laying in bed, recalling these details, Sarah found her hand had wandered to her pussy, and she was lightly running her fingers along her lips. With her eyes closed, she imagined the heat of her companion pushing against her, and her fingers sliding in and out of her pussy. Her own fingers found their way into her panties, and she began to slowly push two fingers inside herself. In her mind, she could feel the her companion's hot breath in her ear as she licked and teased her ear with her teeth. Sarah's fingers pushed deeper still, and a moan escaped from her lips. She could feel herself working toward an orgasm. She pulled her now wet fingers from her pussy and rubbed her clit in gentle circles.

"...no cumming without permission..." echoed in her mind. Sarah remembered the homework that her companion had given her when she had told her to go home. She opened her eyes, and withdrew her hand from her clit. She was only moments away from climax. She yearned for release, but something inside her relished the idea of obeying her companion's order. It was naughty. Taboo. It made her feel like her companion was still there by abiding by her rule. Sarah brought her fingers to her mouth and licked them, tasting herself on her fingers and smiled. She rolled over and giggled to herself satisfied that she had done her homework.

***

Thoughts of her weekend escapade didn't enter her mind all morning as Sarah taught her classes. She was busy with students and the flow of the school day. Students were filing out of her room as they made their way to their next class. Her creative writing class was next, and she was looking forward to talking to the students about their first major assignment. She was looking over her notes when she heard the clicking of heels as someone walked up to her desk. She looked up from her notes, and found herself staring into a pair of piercing dark eyes. Long black shimmering black hair framed the girls face, and dark eye shadow made her dark eyes stand out. A familiar perfume smell permeated her senses, and Sarah was frozen. Her mystery companion stood at her desk with a look of triumph on her face.

"Hi Ms. Avery, my name is Mortisha Hanson. I'm new, and I'm transferring into your class. You can call me Tish, in class," she said. She held out a familiar blue paper form that the guidance office used for class changes. Sarah had to sign it to approve the transfer. Sarah's mind was frozen as her eyes jumped back and forth from the form to the girls face. She was trying to fathom the implications of the girl standing in front of her desk.

"I need your permission to join the class," Tish said somewhat impatiently as she continued to hold the paper out over Sarah's desk. Sarah realized she needed to take the form and sign it. She reached out to take the form, and saw that her hand was trembling slightly. As she pulled the form from Tish's hand, she noticed something was laying on the desk beneath the paper. As she put the paper down in front of her, she suddenly realized that sitting on her desk was her black thong from Friday night. She gasped, and reached for it. Tish was faster, and picked it up holding it in front of her against her stomach.

"Sign the form, please," she said, obviously implying that with the signature she would hand over the thong.

"Umm...of course," Sarah mumbled, quickly signing the form, and looking around Tish's body to see if any of the other students in the room were watching. Fortunately, only a few more student had arrived, and they were talking and not looking her way. Sarah looked back at Tish, offering the form to her. "Here, please! My...um...please!" she said in a quiet, but desperate voice.

Tish smiled at her. She was clearly enjoying herself. She took the form with her other hand. Then she raised the thong to her face and extended her tongue out, and flicked it over the fabric. She smiled down at Sarah suggestively.

"Mmm...the stories I could tell," Tish said, purring. The implications of that statement were not lost to Sarah. She dropped the thong on the desk. Sarah grabbed the thong and pulled it behind the desk. "I'll just take my seat," Tish said, "I'm so looking forward to this class." She turned around, and sashayed her way to the middle of the front row of desks, and took a seat.

Sarah could feel her face flush. She reached down, and pushed the thong into her laptop bag that was on the floor at her feet. More kids were streaming into class, chatting and pulling out notebooks, and taking seats. When the first bell rang, all fifteen students were seated and ready to start. Sarah was still seated, but she wasn't sure she was going to be able to even stand. She looked back down at her notes, and decided she could sit for awhile.

"Hello everyone, I guess we can get going now." Sarah began, trying to sound in control. She could feel a waver in her voice as her body had yet to recover from the shock of seeing Tish in her class. She kept talking, and in a few minutes, she felt like she was in command of herself again. As she talked to the class about their first major writing assignment, she avoided making eye contact with Tish.

Tish was sitting with her hands folded on the desk, smiling at Sarah.

Sarah asked the students to pair off to share with each other their initial ideas for the new writing assignment. They would each be responsible for writing a character description. This character would serve as the main character in a short story that they would eventually write. As the students paired off, they naturally turned to their friends, and Sarah quickly realized that her original plan had a flaw. With fifteen students instead of fourteen as she had originally planned for, there would be one student without a partner, and that student was Tish.

This didn't seem to both Tish in the least. She rose from her desk, and sashayed back to the front of the room, pulled a chair from a side table, and sat down next to Sarah's desk at the front of the room.

"Hello again, Ms. Avery. Seems you'll have to be my partner. I think we should get along just fine though, don't you?" Tish asked with an knowing smile on her face.

"Of course, Tish," Sarah responded, not knowing what else to say. "So, do you have any ideas for the character you'd like to sketch?"

"Hmm...yes, I was thinking that it would be fun to explore a woman trying to find her place in the world. You know what I mean? She is smart, passionate, pretty, but she is also hiding a dark secret about herself. She can't share her true self with the world because she is afraid of what the world would think if it learned about her true desires. This inner turmoil is building inside her. What do you think?"

"Um, yes I think that could work," Sarah replied. A sense of dread was building in the pit of her stomach.

"Great. There are so many things that I can imagine for this woman. She will do anything to make sure her secret is kept, don't you think?" Tish asked.

Sarah paused, understanding what Tish was really asking.

"Yes Tish, I think you are right. For that kind of secret, a woman would do anything to protect herself," Sarah affirmed.

"Oh, I'm so glad you agree. I am so looking forward to working with you Ms. Avery." Tish was smiling radiantly.

The end of class bell rang, and the students looked toward Sarah for direction. Sarah reacted instinctively, "OK class. I hope that you had a good talk with your partner and got some good feedback. I'd like to see a draft of this character sketch by mid-week. See you all tomorrow."

The students packed their things, and exited the room. With such a small class, the room was empty in no time — except for Tish who remained seated next to Sarah.

"It's so convenient that we have lunch right after class, isn't it my pet?" Tish asked rhetorically. "You don't mind if I call you pet, do you?" she asked continuing to pose questions as statements more then questions. Sarah was mortified. This student had finger fucked her in a dance club, and she clearly was looking to use this information to blackmail her.

"Tish, what do you want?" she asked, not wanting to make any offers. She was afraid of what she might ask for. Sarah was already dreading the answer, but had already decided in her mind that if it meant compromising her professional ethics, and giving this girl straight A's in turn for her silence, she was willing to do it. She had not even considered what came out of her mouth.

"You," Tish stated flatly.

"What?" Sarah posed in confusion.

"You, my pet. I only want you to spend some extra time with me, that's all," Tish explained. "Do that, and no one will ever know about our little secret. Refuse me, and I'm sure the Principal would love to hear about how you opened your legs to a complete stranger at the Asylum. I'm sure that would play well in the school paper too."

Sarah was stunned at the girl's response. She had no options. She wasn't entirely clear what she meant by "spend some extra time" but the alternative she did understand.

"I'd be happy to spend as much time with you as I can, Tish," Sarah said as genuinely as she could.

"Oh dearest pet, that makes me so happy. I'll let you know soon when we will meet again outside of class!" she exclaimed. Then, she stood, turned, and sashayed out of class. Sarah stared at her bewildered.

The rest of Sarah's day went by in a blur. When her last class ended, she was pretty sure she no one had noticed, but she couldn't even remember what she had said to her students. All she could really remember was promising to spend extra time with Tish, and she was still trying to imagine what she had gotten herself into. 

Sarah's Submission Ch. 02
byssnatch©

Author's note: This story runs concurrent to my other story, "Teacher's Pet". It would make more sense if you read that story in its entirety first before reading this story.



Over the course of the next week, Tish acted like any student in class, for the most part. Sarah did notice that despite her fashion sense, which diverged from the popular crowd, Tish seemed to be well accepted among the other kids in class. Sarah never noticed the types of things that kids often do, thinking no one will see, to express their derision or lack of acceptance of other students in class. No rolling of the eyes, whispers to another peer or sideways glances when they thought no one but their friend was paying attention. Little do students realize how much teachers do actually see and notice that goes left untouched or dealt with.

Tish's goth-girl look did get some extra glances from some of the boys, and one girl actually, that Sarah noticed. Her tight corsets, and short mini skirts, high heeled boots, thigh high stockings that usually did not extend as far as the end of her skirts, and her striking use of makeup seemed to make her a desired bad girl. Her self-confidence and the way she carried herself, and her take no prisoners way of expressing her thoughts to the class all added up to a confident, powerful personality.

All this seemed to explain a lot of things about how she seemed to be able to move among any social caste in the high school, and at the same time, terrified Sarah knowing that she had her future in her hands. Just the hint of any impropriety was enough to ruin a teacher's career even if no evidence could be found. At least, Sarah had the sense of well-being that she had gotten her thong back.

The weekend came and went, and a week after Tish had made it clear that she intended to use their tryst against her, Sarah was starting to relax. Maybe Tish had decided that it wasn't worth it, or maybe she really wasn't that calculating. Class with Tish was uneventful. The kids had started their drafts of their character sketches, and a few students had emailed her drafts to review. When the bell rang, the normal exodus occurred, but this time, when Sarah looked up from her desk, she found Tish standing in front of her with a wicked smile on her face.

"Hi pet," she purred, "I bet you thought I wasn't going to grace you with my presence. I wanted to let you know that you needn't be disappointed. After school today, I'll be stopping by your home for some extra attention. I think I need to explore more deeply this character. You remember, don't you? She has a secret, and it's enough to drive her to do anything to keep it."

Sarah was speechless, and she had a nauseous feeling sweep through her body. Her shock was clearly evident on her face as Tish gave her a concerned look.

"Oh, my sweet little pet, there's nothing to fear. I won't hurt you. Remember our first time together? That felt good didn't it? You told me you trusted me. I haven't lost that trust already have I?" she asked rather rhetorically.

"Um.....No Tish, I...I still trust you," Sarah managed to respond.

"Oh good. Then I'll see you this afternoon. One more thing. I wouldn't want to betray your trust, so when I said I wouldn't hurt you—"

Sarah gasped at the unfinished statement.

Tish giggled. "Nothing like that silly. It might hurt, but you'll thank me later. I promise you that!" Tish had been inching closer and closer to Sarah who was frozen in her desk chair. By now, Tish was leaning over her desk, her face only inches from Sarah's. Tish leaned forward, and for an instant, Sarah thought Tish was going to kiss her. At the last moment, Tish stopped her motion and whispered.

"You haven't earned these lips yet, my pet. But this afternoon, if you are good, maybe you will..." The suggestion in these words did not have the effect that Sarah's conscious mind said it should. She wanted to feel disgusted, revolted, and even out right angry that Tish would suggest that Sarah would want to continue what never should have begun. However, a tingle between her thighs betrayed a wonton desire. The same self-confidence that seemed to keep the boys in class entranced by her was having the same effect on Sarah.

While she was trying to sort this out in her mind, she realized that Tish had already pushed back, and was walking out of the room, hips swaying back and forth, heels clicking.

"Dear God, what have I gotten myself into?" Sarah asked herself when Tish was out of the room. It was at this moment that she fully realized what Tish had just said. "It might hurt, but you'll thank me later. I promise you that." Did she really mean that? Sarah was no prude, but she had never really considered S&M as something that she would ever want. How could pain be arousing? She hated pain, in fact. Now, Sarah wasn't simply confused by her bodies reaction to Tish, but she was completely stupefied.  

"Hurt me? Thank her?" she muttered to herself. Sarah closed her eyes, and pushed the thoughts from her head. She still had classes to teach, and she needed to eat lunch.

At the end of her last class that day, she felt better as the routine of teaching had grounded her. It wasn't until she pulled into her driveway that she started to realize that something bad was going to happen, and she had no idea what to do.

She sat on her couch and did nothing. She couldn't figure out what to do. Tish said she would be coming to her home. Sarah knew this was not good, but she had no idea what to do about it. Tish had all the power. It was Sarah's professional career on the line, and Tish knew it. She closed her eyes and tried to take a deep breath to calm herself when a light rap on her door startled her.

As she walked to the door, her feet felt like lead. She peeked through the peephole and saw Tish staring back at her. She began to slowly turn the door knob, trying to delay the inevitable. When the door was open, Tish stood waiting at her doorstep, staring intently into her eyes. There was a silence that felt like it lasted forever, but Sarah knew it was only seconds before Tish spoke.

"Pet, are you going to invite me in?" Tish asked, somewhat annoyed. Sarah had a fleeting thought about the myths that said vampires can't enter your home without an invitation, and felt her stomach turning as she responded.

"Um, yes, of course, please Tish, come in."

"Thank you, pet. Now that wasn't so hard was it? We'll have to work on your manners," Tish said as she walked past Sarah and into the living room. Sarah followed her not knowing what else to do. Tish sat on the couch, and looked up at Sarah. Sarah stood before Tish hesitantly. "Now, now pet. Don't be nervous. You may kneel here on the floor before me and relax," Tish said in a reassuring voice.

Sarah was dumbfounded by Tish's statement. Kneel? She stood trying to decide what to do.

"You can stand too if you like, for now, but you will learn to follow my directions sooner or later -- the hard way or the easy way. I know what you are thinking. Let me reassure you, this is really happening, and you will learn your place, pet. I will expose you for the slut that you are if you choose not to cooperate. Trust me, you'll have much more fun doing things my way. Now, please kneel and relax," Tish again looked from Sarah's eyes to the floor before her and back and smiled.

Sarah was numb, and slowly fell to her knees. As she did so, she felt her resolve fading.

"Good. Now, let's get right to business, shall we? Take off your blouse," she commanded. Sarah remained motionless. "Now, pet are you going to be difficult? Take off your blouse!" Sarah did not want to give in to Tish's commands. She was already kneeling.

She looked up at Tish, and tried to speak but nothing came out of her mouth. Her mouth was dry, and she could feel herself paralyzed with a mix of fear and anticipation.

"Well then, if you are not going to do as I say, then I'll do it myself. But, you will be punished for your disobedience later. Is that what you want?" Tish asked.

Sarah didn't know what to say. She could hear the words, but she couldn't make heads or tails of them. She only knew that if she cooperated, she would be complicit in something she knew was wrong. Before, she hadn't known Tish was a student. But now, everything was different.

"I see I will need to teach you more lessons, my pet," Tish said like she was talking to a puppy, then proceeded to unbutton Sarah's blouse. When she had finished unbuttoning it, she pushed the blouse off of her shoulders, and allowed it to fall exposing Sarah's bra.

"Now the bra, please," Tish ordered.

Sarah managed a whispered plea, "No, please Tish."

Tish smiled, and ran a finger lightly from Sarah's belly button up her torso and beneath her chin, lifting it so they could look into each others' eyes. "Are you saying you don't want this? You know how I can make you feel, remember, pet?"

Sarah wanted to protest. Tish ran her nails over Sarah's breasts, teasing her nipples. Sarah felt her nipples grow immediately hard.

"It seems like you are enjoying this, aren't you pet?" Tish unclasped the bra, and it fell away from Sarah's breasts. She caressed her naked nipples, then pushed the bra from Sarah's shoulders. The bra fell to the floor. Sarah stared at Tish's feet, unable to meet her gaze anymore. She felt humiliated and scared, but her nipples were hard. She felt herself beginning to get wet with arousal. She was totally confused by her body's reactions.

"Good. Mmm your nipples look so sexy. Would you like me to kiss your hard little nipples? Hmmm? Lick them? Suck them? I know, you want me to bite them, don't you pet?" Tish purred. Sarah flushed as she listened to her. Her mind was screaming "No" but with each lurid suggestion, Sarah felt her arousal increase. "Answer me, pet," TIsh commanded.

Sarah hesitated. Her body was betraying her. "If it feels good, who cares?" echoed through her head, but she knew that she things were different now.

"I...I...um..." Sarah barely spoke above a whisper. Sarah was trying to build the resolve to refuse Tish, to try and fight her body's arousal when a sudden sharp pain erupted into her thoughts. Sarah cried out in pain, and she reflexively reached for the source of pain, her nipples. Her movement was halted abruptly by Tish's voice.

"Stop! I didn't say you could move your hands, and I asked you a question. I'm still waiting for an answer," she spoke with a calm but authoritative voice.

The pain was dissipating as Sarah realized that Tish had actually pinched her nipples. Tish was still holding her nipples between her thumb and forefinger, but now instead of pinching hard, she was slowly rolling them between her fingers. The pain disappeared, and was quickly replaced by a tingling sensation that made Sarah's arousal increase yet again.

"Answer me, pet," Tish repeated.

"Yes," Sarah whispered before she even thought about her answer.

"Yes? Yes what, pet?" Tish asked with the best teacher-tell-me-more intonation.

"Yes....yes...I...I want you...to kiss my...nipples," Sarah whispered in reply, struggling to get the words out. Once she had, she had a falling feeling. She had stepped off the cliff, and into the abyss. The pain erupted again, and Sarah again cried out in pain and surprise and just as quickly, it was gone replaced by the sensuous caressing.

"I know you are new, but the appropriate answer would have started or ended with Mistress. As in 'Mistress, yes I want you to kiss my nipples' or 'Yes I want you to kiss my nipples, Mistress'. Do you understand?" Tish said without any hint of recognition of the pain she had just inflicted on Sarah.

"Yes...yes, Mistress, I understand, Mistress," Sarah replied. Her eyes were still closed, and she was fighting the urge to moan in delight as Tish's fingers continued to play with her nipples. Her rationale mind was losing the battle and was in full retreat.

"Good, pet. You are a quick learner. Now, please remove the rest of your clothing. You won't be needing them, and I want to see my pet."

Sarah kept her eyes closed as she fumbled with her skirt, but was soon standing in nothing but her panties. She hesitated as she reached for the waistband, as the last vestige of her rationale mind tried to climb out of the abyss, but she had fallen too far. She hooked her thumbs under the waistband, and pushed them to her ankles, and stepped out of her panties. She stood naked and exposed before Tish. Her breathing short and quick as she fought her nervousness and arousal, trying to remain calm.

Tish moved closer to Sarah. Sarah could feel Tish's breath on her lips. Then fingers slowly stroking her pussy lips. She was already wet with arousal.

"Well well, you are enjoying yourself, no denying it," Tish purred feeling the slickness between Sarah's legs. "Do you remember how good it felt to trust me?" she asked, pushing two fingers inside Sarah's wet pussy.

Sarah gasped at the intrusion. Waves of pleasure swept through her. Tish's fingers worked in and out of her pussy in a slow but steady rhythm.

"Yes, Mistress. I remember. I trust you, Mistress," Sarah whispered. Sarah could already feel herself nearing climax. In the back of her mind, she realized she was more aroused then she should be. Was it the fear? The humiliation? The taboo nature of it? Sarah knew that something was driving her arousal more then usual, but she didn't really care what it was--it felt good.

"Good. Now, remember I said I was coming to get some extra attention, and so far, I don't think I've received any attention," Tish stated, and withdrew her fingers. Sarah was so near her climax that the sudden withdrawl was almost painful. She opened her eyes and found herself nose to nose with Tish. "I told you that you might earn these lips," Tish said, her tongue playing across her lips wetting them. "And if you are really good, you might even earn another orgasm. But only if you are really really good," Tish said salaciously.

Tish took Sarah's nipple again and used it to pull her. She led Sarah down the hallway toward her bedroom. Tish peeked into each open doorway as they walked down the hall passing a bathroom and small guest room before they arrived at her bedroom. Tish pulled Sarah to the foot of her bed, then turned to face her, standing so close that Sarah's instincts were to back up. She managed to resist the impulse. As she looked up into Tish's eyes, her second impulse was to wrap her arms around her small waist and pull her into an embrace. She resisted this urge too.

"Good, my pet," Tish said, her lips so close to Sarah's that she could feel Tish's breath on her lips as she spoke. "Now, I'm in need of some attention. It's been too long since I felt the soft touch of a woman. On your knees, my pet," she ordered as she slid herself onto the foot of the bed. Sarah knelt.

"Help me remove these boots. I wouldn't want to soil your bedspread with them, now would I?" Tish raised one leg to Sarah. Her knee length black boot extended toward her. Sarah saw that the boot was criss-crossed from ankle to knee with laces. She started to undo the laces, and loosen the them. When she had enough of the laces loosened, she pulled the boot from her foot. She did the same for the other boot. Tish ran her fishnet covered feet along the underside of Sarah's breasts, then began to touch her nipples. Sarah just looked down and watched her nipples grow harder and more erect.

"Pet, I'm still not the center of your attention. You must learn to focus on me even when your are receiving stimulation. I touch you to please me. You must only worry about pleasing me as well. Now, come here and help me out of the rest of my clothes."

Sarah carefully helped undress Tish. As more and more of her tight young body was revealed to her, Sarah's sense of taboo grew and with it her anticipation and excitement.

"Thank you, my pet. Where shall we start?" she asked with a lurid undertone.

"Um...I don't..." Sarah stammered. She wanted to run away. She also wanted to wrap herself around Tish and press her lips to her lips. To feel her skin touching her skin.

Tish raised one foot and extended it toward Sarah. Sarah looked at her small foot, then to Tish's eyes. Tish met her gaze, then looked back to her foot. She raised it higher, tracing her toes along her neck and to her chin. Sarah understood, and lowered her face, and began to kiss Tish's toes.

"That's a good girl. Let me feel your tongue. Mmmm...yes, suck on my toes. Lick them. Its important that you remember your place, my pet. That's nice. Good. Now show me how much you love Mistress's feet."

Sarah closed her eyes and kissed and licked Tish's foot, working her way from the big toe to the little toe. When she had kissed, licked, and sucked on each toe, she felt Tish's other foot pushing its way into her mouth. She repeated her licking and kissing until she had given each toe its share of attention. She opened her eyes, and looked up between Tish's legs. Her miniskirt had ridden up her thights, exposing her shaved pussy lips. She could see they were beginning to swell with excitement. Sarah thought she could see a sheen of moisture on them.

"Mmm...good girl, my pet. I know what you want," Tish said, spreading her legs wider and allowing her miniskirt to ride up her thighs even more. Sarah looked up at Tish's face. Tish was smiling down at her with a knowing grin. Sarah saw triumph in her eyes, and she knew that she was powerless to rebel. "Come here, pet. Show Mistress how much you want to please her, hmm?"

