Teacher's Pet?
byssnatch©

Classes started in the fall like any other year. I had been teaching since I graduated from college at the same school for the past 10 years. I didn't anticipate that this year would be any different. I was actually beginning to feel like I was finally hitting my stride. I knew my lessons, and I knew what worked for my students, and what the hard topics were.

When the final class of the first day rolled around, the excitement of the first day of school was beginning to wear on me. Like every year, summer break was a great respite, but as a teacher, I also got out of shape. People often don't realize that standing in front of groups of kids all day, talking and writing on the board, answering questions, and in general being in charge of a group of sometimes unruly kids can be exhausting if you are not in shape for it. This year started like no other, and I knew that in a week, I'd be back in the swing of things.

My last class was a senior only class. It was really a poorly devised last chance class for seniors who had struggled in in their first three years of high school math. All the kids who needed just one more year of math with a passing grade to graduate ended up in what everyone called "Math for dummies". Not only did the moniker bother me, but having it at the end of the day, all year long, was a terrible time of day to try and teach kids who really didn't like math. But, this year, it was my turn. All the math teachers rotated through this course, and I had enjoyed my 3 year hiatus from it, and it was time to do my duty.

As the kids strolled in, it was clear they all knew the drill. None looked at that pleased with being there, but they also knew that somehow together we were going to have to survive this or some of them would not be in the graduation procession come June.

As I was calling roll, reacquainting myself with the kids, one name came up that I didn't recognize. While I hadn't taught all of the kids in their earlier years, you pretty much know every kids on campus after three years.

"Mortisha Hanson? Miss Hanson?" I asked, looking around the room. "Miss-"

"-tress," a voice cut in. A few kids laughed at the joke. I found the source of the voice. She was hiding in the back of the room. She had long black hair, and wore a rather skimpy halter top. Her eyes pierced me as if she were staring through me.

"What?" I answered, both a bit startled by her piercing eyes as much as what I thought she or we had said.

"Tish, you may call me Tish," she said in a voice that belied her small frame and exuded confidence and directness that I didn't expect.

"Oh, ah yes Miss Hanson, ah, I mean Tish. Welcome. Are you new to the school?" I asked, trying to recover.

"Yes, I am," she replied in a way that said 'and I'm not telling you anymore, so don't ask'.

I smiled at her, and getting myself refocused on the task at hand, finished taking attendance. The class went by rather uneventfully. Textbooks were distributed, and class expectations were covered. It was my normal first day speech, and I added in an extra few minutes for this group about how we would all need to work together since we all knew how important this class was to their futures. That last part got me some looks of absolute terror from those who really did want to graduate, but for whom math was real challenge, and from others, bored stares. Throughout, I noticed that Tish sat at her desk, hands folded on top of her textbook, eyes still drilling right through me. She followed every word I said, and seemed like she was deeply considering everything I said.

At the end of class, the bell rang, and despite how lethargic some of the kids had appeared, they all bolted out the door at an amazing pace. All except Tish. As I was collecting my things, she continued to sit at her desk. I could feel her eyes still boring holes right through me. I tried to just keep packing my bag, but I couldn't keep my eyes down, and I looked up at her and met her gaze.

"Er...um...Tish, is there something I can help you with?" I asked in my best helpful teacher voice.

"Yes," she said, again with that confident voice of hers. She stood. It was only now with all the rest of the kids gone, and my view of her unobstructed that I could see all of her. As she walked to the front of the room, I was unable to not give her a once over. She wore knee high black boots with dark red laces that criss-crossed all the way to the front of the boots. Her skirt was a black, red, and white plaid, pleated, and almost Catholic school uniform-like except that it was way too short for a school uniform. A black belt was slung around her waist that served no purpose except as adornment. A worn skull belt buckle sat just below her navel. Lined with metal square studs, it sat at an angle, sitting high on one hip, and falling down on the other side. It helped to make her thin waist look even thinner. Her black halter top turned out to be more corset than halter top. It too had traces of dark red stitching that ran in vertical lines along her torso. The curves of the lines also accentuated her thin waist. As my eyes followed these lines up to her breasts, she cleared her throat. I realized that she was now standing just a few feet from me. I quickly moved my gaze to her face to find her smiling at me with a knowing smile. I was caught.

"Uh...Tish, what did you want?" I stammered.

"I just wanted to let you know that I look forward to your class this year. I hope that you can help me explore new things this year, won't you!?" she offered. It was both a statement and a question.

"Tish, that's great to hear you are taking your studies seriously. I'm always available to you and will do everything I can to help," I answered in my best veteran teacher I-know-more-than-you voice.

Something flashed in her expression, but I couldn't read it, and it was gone quickly. She smiled at me with a very practiced veteran student I-know-more-than-you-think look.

"Then we are in agreement. Thank you, Mr. Daniels."

With that, she winked, turned and walked out of the room. I couldn't help but watch her hips and ass sway back and forth with each step, heels clicking on the linoleum floor. Somehow, I knew that something bad had just happened, but I couldn't quite figure out what.

*******

The first few weeks of school went by in a rush of activity as it always does. Everything seemed to be off to a relatively good start. Kids seemed to be happy enough to be back from summer break, and I felt like I was back in stride. The bell rang, and the kids were taking their seats for the last class of the day. It was time for "Math for Dummies" again. The kids were clearly a little nervous as they watched me pull a folder off of my desk, stuffed with papers. Yesterday, I had given them a quiz, and everyone knew I was about to hand them back.

As I walked around the room, returning papers, I observed the usual reactions from the kids -- surprised jubilation, total disappointment, complete indifference, and simple satisfaction. No one had done too poorly, but the class grades did have a pretty typical bell curve. A few high marks, a few low, and lots in the middle. One student always has to have the lowest grade in the class, and this time, it turned out to be the new student, Tish. I had added a small note on her quiz, asking her to see me after class.

The rest of the class was spent reviewing the quiz questions and fielding questions from the kids. At the end of class, the bell rang, and as usual, the kids disappeared quickly. Tish remained in her seat as she had all year, hands folded on top of her textbook, her eyes drilling holes in me.

"Tish, I don't want to keep you long, but you didn't do so well on the quiz," I started, "Did you feel prepared for that quiz?"

"Yes and no," she answered quite directly, "I listen to you in class, and it always seems to make sense when you talk about it, but I guess I just didn't remember it as well."

"OK. I have noticed that you don't really take a lot of notes?"

"I learn better when I listen. I also learn well when I do, but writing things down never seems to help. Maybe I'd do better on a quiz if I didn't have to write my answers? I always thought that I would do better with an oral test, but the teachers in my last school didn't allow that."

"Hmm...well, perhaps that's true. I'll have to think about that. In the meantime, I'm happy to spend extra time with you after class to answer questions and give you extra help."

She smiled the same smile she gave me when we first met, and I had a feeling somehow this was all part of some grand plan. Unfortunately, no one had clued me into what that plan was.

"That would be great. Thank you," she answered, "We can start today."

I was a bit surprised that she was so eager to begin, but as a teacher, I was not going to turn her away. She moved to the front of the classroom. Right from the start, she started asking me to do problems on the board. She continued to pepper me with questions for another hour. Throughout, her piercing gaze burned holes in me, and I found that I could not look directly at her face. Instead, I averted my gaze, looking down at her hands, neatly folded on her book. Near the end of it, I suddenly realized that her line of questions was not one of a struggling math student. In fact, I started feeling like I was the one being quizzed. I wiped my brow, noticing that I was actually working up a little sweat trying to keep up with the questions Tish tossed at me. By now, I had run out of room on the chalk board, and moved to a side chalkboard that stood behind my desk.

"Tish, I'm starting to wonder if that oral test isn't a bad idea? You seem to be on top this when we talk about it," I said.

"Just a few more questions, please," she replied. Her voice carried as a command more so than a request. As I turned to the board, and began to write down another example to illustrate her last question, I heard her heels clicking on the linoleum. As I finished writing, I turned back to find her sitting on my desk, right behind me. Her legs were crossed, and one black booted foot pointed at me.

"You don't mind if I sit here? It's easier to see." Again, a statement, and not really a question. With most any other student, I would have objected. Both to her tone of voice, and for having been so brazen as to sit on my desk. However, something about her confidence kept me a little off balance, and frankly, I was more than a little intrigued by her. She knew more math than she was showing me, and there was more to this than just a little extra help, and I wanted to know what it was. The fact that she was wearing another mini skirt that barely kept covered her when she was standing, let alone sitting cross-legged on my desk provided her a little leeway truth be told. I tried to tell myself to be more professional, but by now, at the end of a long day, being peppered with questions by a confident, young woman, I found I was liking the attention.

She cleared her throat.

Caught again. I was lost in my internal monologue, staring at the junction of where her leg disappeared beneath her skirt. The thought was just formulating in my mind that I could see too much leg, and that she was either wearing a thong or nothing at all beneath the skirt when I heard her. I felt myself flush, my face felt hot as I looked up knowing that she had caught me staring at her again.

"Ah, no...no I don't mind Tish. Where were we? Oh, yes, this equation," I started and turned back to the board and did my best to explain the problem. I finished the problem, and looked back to her. As I did, a pencil dropped off of my desk to the floor.

"Oops," Tish said, "pick that up for me, won't you?"

Her voice carried as a command, and without even thinking, I knelt down and reached for the pencil. As I was doing so, I had to duck my head to avoid her booted foot. Tish moved to allow me to get to the pencil, and in doing so, she uncrossed her legs. As I looked up to avoid her foot as I started to stand, I found myself staring up her skirt. She was indeed wearing underwear, black satin ones in fact. I tried not to stare, but my eyes were glued in place for a moment too long, staring at what was clearly a wet spot on her panties. I tried to look like I hadn't even noticed and looked up at her only to find her looking down at me with that same knowing smile she gave me on the first day of class when she caught me staring at her breasts.

"You know," she said in a pensive sort of way, "seeing you this way, I do feel more on top of things."

I was frozen, kneeling on one knee, one hand still holding the pencil just inches from where I had picked it up. She brushed her hair from her face, pushing it behind her ear, then slid her hand down her neck. My eyes followed her hand as it descended toward her breasts. She was wearing another corset-like top. It was partly covered by her black denim jacket, but as close to her as I was, I could see that it was boned and had embroidered patterns on the satiny fabric. Her hand paused at the corset's edge, fingers playing with the lace.

"What do you think? Do you like your position?" I heard her question, but my mind was unable to process it. "Mr. Daniels? Do you like you position? Do you like you job?"

"Oh,...sorry Tish...er...um I like teaching, yes." I managed, standing back up and placing the pencil back on the desk.

"Good. Very good. I will be sure to give you rave reviews when I graduate in my senior survey...We're done for today. See you tomorrow."

With that, she pushed herself off of the desk, and walked from the room, hips swaying with each step. Again, I watched her exit the room. Her last words repeated themselves in my mind. Was she threatening me? Did I like my job? The senior survey was an annual event for seniors to provide detailed feedback to the school board about the school and the teachers. I went home that night, and couldn't get my mind off of Tish.

She was an enigma to me. She didn't really belong in my class, except that her quiz grade insured that she would stay. Her striking good looks were accentuated by her confidence. She dressed "goth" but from what I observed, did not hang out with the goth crowd which at this school was disconnected from the typical mainstream jock/cheerleader popular crowd. Instead, I had seen her with the popular crowd as well as the band kids, the goth kids, the geeks, the chess club...she seemed to move freely among all the different "castes" that make up a high school social scene. But beyond all this, I couldn't get her out of my mind because I knew she was paying a lot of attention to me, and I was unable to stop thinking of her. It was a cycle that I couldn't seem to escape. Getting caught looking up her skirt, and seeing her wetness on her panties only made my imagination go wild. I told myself that not only was it inappropriate, but it was just plain wrong for me to even have the thoughts that I was having.

I tried watching TV to get my mind off of her, but found that after two hours of channel surfing, that I was not really able to focus even on the simple predictable plot lines of a sit-com. I went to bed, and as I closed my eyes, all I could see were Tish's panties.

*****

"Do you like your position?" she asked. I looked up, and I was staring up her skirt, between her legs. Her black panties were spotted with wetness. Her hands rested on the edge of the desk, between her legs as she leaned down toward me. "Mr. Daniels? Do you like your position?" she asked again. I tried to speak, but nothing came out. One of her hands moved along the desk, toward her crotch. It slipped beneath her short skirt, and her finger along the edge of her panties. I watched as if in slow motion as her finger slipped beneath the edge of her panties, and pushed them aside exposing her pink lips. She was devoid of pubic hair. Her smooth lips parted slightly, wetness showing.

The bell rang, and kept ringing. Then all went black, and I realized that the sound was my alarm clock. I reached over and hit the snooze button. I opened my eyes, and found myself awake in bed. I had a vivid picture in my mind of Tish's pussy and her voice, "Do you like your position?" I also had a raging hard on. I closed my eyes, thought of my dream, and began to stroke myself. I thought about the dream and about the end of the extra help session the day before. Kneeling before her, seeing her panties excited me. Knowing that she knew I had seen her scared me. Her question clearly told me she knew I had looked up her skirt, even if by accident. At the same time, knowing she knew seemed to excite me too. Knowing that I shouldn't be thinking about a student let alone a girl a dozen years younger than me excited me. Finally, the fact that she didn't scream and run from me like I was a lecherous old pervert, and instead that she taunted me excited me even more. She hadn't closed her legs, and she hadn't seemed embarrassed. She was wet. Was she excited too? Had she dropped the pencil on purpose? She had told me to pick it up. My mind was racing with all these thoughts, and my hand was stroking my still rigid cock. I wondered what it would be like to lick her pussy. I began to fantasize that I had knelt before her sitting on my desk, wrapped my arms around her thin waist and pulled her panty covered pussy to my face. I could smell her arousal. She reached down, and pulled her panties aside, and I was reaching for her with my tongue. I could feel my balls tightening as I was about to cum.

My alarm clock blared again, the snooze alarm telling me it was another 10 minutes later. The sudden blaring sound was enough to jar me from my fantasy world. My real world thrust itself back into my consciousness, and I felt myself soften. Fate had denied me my orgasm, and I rolled out of bed, and made my way to the bathroom to get ready for another day of classes.

******

The school day flew by. Nothing out of the ordinary, just classes and kids. Kids were kids, and I had kept myself busy so that I didn't really have time to think about what had happened the day before until the last period of the day arrived. Today, unlike all the day's previous, Tish took a seat in the front row. While I didn't have assigned seats, kids tend to sit in the same place everyday. The boy who usually sat there walked to the seat, saw Tish, and was about to say something when Tish gave him a look. I couldn't see it, but it clearly delivered a message as the boy's shoulders slumped, his eyes dropped to the floor, and he quickly moved away to the back of the room like a scolded puppy dog.

Having her sitting up front, feeling her eyes locked on me, was disconcerting. Today she had on a black mesh top over a black bra. The top wasn't so revealing that it violating the school's dress code, but it was see-through enough that I could clearly make out the outline of her bra. Ankle high boots with steel stiletto heels, and fishnet stockings that disappeared beneath another tiny mini skirt. As I covered the new lesson, I tried to ignore her as best I could, but sitting dead center in the front row, it was hard to not see her. Near the end of class, as I looked around the room at the students, trying to gauge if they were still following me, my eyes fell upon her's. She winked at me, and ran her tongue along her lips.

I stumbled a bit in my lecture, and I tried to recover for the last 5 minutes of class. They were not my best five minutes as my brain tried to process what I saw, and what it meant. She was toying with me, and I knew it. She was gaining control, and I was helpless to stop her. When the class ended, she remained behind once again. I stood behind my lectern afraid that my cock might betray me.

"Tish...um...do you have questions about tonight's homework?"

"Yes, I do. But I can't stay after school today. So, I thought you could help me later tonight?" she asked in a way that sounded more like a statement than a question. She looked up at me, and brushed her hair out of her face and swept it behind her ear, like she had the other day. Her hand, trailed along her lustrous hair down to the outline of her bra beneath her see-through top.

"Uh...sure, that would be fine," I answered, unable to refuse her. Visions of her wet panties flashed in my mind again.

"Good, I think this will work out fine my pet. I'll come to your place at 8 o'clock," she stated.

"What did you say?" I tore my gaze away from her breasts and back to her piercing eyes.

"I said, 'good, I think people will think I'm a teacher's pet'. So, see you at 8," she explained, winked at me, and exited the room. While I watched her hips and ass sashay out of the room, my mind tried to replay the last couple minutes. I had been so distracted by visions of her panties and the outline of her bra, that I had thought she had called me her 'pet'. I shook my head, and concluded I needed to refocus myself. Then my mind did successfully replay part of what she said, "I'll come to your place at 8 o'clock." My cock twitched and my heart skipped a beat while at the same time, my brain was screaming at me that I was in trouble. I knew tutoring a student at my home was not a good idea, especially an 18 year old female student -- and not just any female student, but one who clearly knew how to get into my head in bad ways.

I left school and headed home, trying to figure out how I was going to get out of this mess. When I got to my apartment, I started picking things up, not wanting it to be a mess when Tish arrived. Halfway through cleaning the dishes, I started talking to myself, "Why are you cleaning up for Tish when you know she shouldn't even be here? In fact, how the hell does she know where I live?" I kept talking to myself about what an idiot I was, and how I needed to just tell her that it was not appropriate for us to meet at my apartment. All the while, I was cleaning the apartment, and by 6 o'clock, it was spotless.

I forced myself to eat some dinner, but I wasn't really hungry. I had a nervous pit in my stomach. I was rehearsing how to tell her that we needed to go to the public library or somewhere like that. Anywhere but here. The two hours between 6 and 8 o'clock were the longest two hours of my life. A combination of anticipation and a sense of doom filled my being as I watched the time tick by.

At exactly 8 o'clock, I heard a gentle knock on the door. When I opened the door, Tish was standing there, dressed as she had been in class, framed by the darkness of the evening and the soft glow of the light from the street lamps. I froze for a moment, unable to speak as her eyes looked through me.

"Are you going to invite me in?" she said impatiently.

"Oh, sorry, um, please come in. I'm sorry," I apologized. My heart skipped a beat as I realized I had just lost my opportunity to end it all or at least go some place else. Like a character in a B horror movie who only now realized he's just invited a vampire into his residence, I felt a knot in my stomach.

"Nice place you got here. I'm glad to see that you don't live like a slob like some single men. So, should we do it on the couch?" She looked at me, waiting for answer.

"What?"

"Did you want to study on the couch? Or sit at your dining table?" she asked like she was talking to a 2nd grader. "OK I'll pick. The couch it is," she announced, smiled, and move to the couch. As she sat, her miniskirt rode up her legs, but she didn't seem to notice or care. I could see that her fishnet stockings ended with a lace band. I tried to remain composed, and sat on the other end of the couch.

"OK. Tish, how would you like to do this?" I asked.

She looked at me with an impish grin on her face. She slid across the couch next to me, so close that her leg brushed up against mine.

"A good question...you do know why I'm here, don't you?" she asked in a leading way as if it was painfully obvious. Her panties, wet and shiny flashed through my mind again. Guilt washed over me. Things seemed to be speeding by me, out of my control.

"I'm sorry Tish. It was an accident. I didn't mean to see your panties!" I blurted out before I knew what I was doing. Silence. I was unable to avert my eyes. Tish held me with her piercing gaze.

"Mmmm you are going to be such a good pet. Much easier to train then I thought," she purred. I was now more confused than ever. I didn't understand what she was saying, but I knew I was in trouble. "Do you know what will happen to you if word got out that you were looking up the skirt of a poor innocent student? And then you invited her to your apartment at night, alone? Mister, you could be in big trouble."

"Tish! Please, it was an accident. I'm really a good person. I'm not some perverted man trying to take advantage...What can I do to show you I'm sorry," I pleaded.

"Begging already? I knew I had you pegged from the day I met you," she said confidently. "First, let's establish some basic ground rules. I will go straight to the principal if you ever disobey me and tell him that I caught you looking up my skirt. I will tell him that you brought me here to your apartment. I will tell him that you threatened to flunk me if I didn't do as you asked. Don't you ever think that I won't do this. I can describe your apartment to prove that I've been here. I have written evidence that you made me stay after class with you. I've got you by the balls, mister!" she belted out her statements, and with the last statement, she reached over and grabbed my balls through my pants and squeezed just enough to show me that she meant business.

I gasped in pain, inhaling sharply. She truly had me by the balls, and my sense of foreboding came crashing down on me. I was going to lose my job. I was going to end up in the newspapers as a pervert. My mind locked up, unable to process anymore. My world shrank to the pain in my balls, and Tish's unyielding gaze.

"So, when I tell you to do something, I expect you to do it immediately. Got that?" she said this and added emphasis by giving my balls another squeeze. I winced in pain, and at the same time, I realized my cock was hard as a rock. Tish ordered me to my knees on the floor in front of her. I dropped to my knees as quickly as I could.

"I'll make you a deal. For the rest of the year, whenever I want, I may stop by and have you do things for me. You will obey, or I'll go to the Principal. At the end of the year, I'll have an A in your class, and then, I'll release you from your debt, and we'll forget that your perverted little mind ever dared look up my skirt."

I was dumbfounded at both the audacity of the offer, but I was equally dumbfounded by my ability to think of a way out of this. What did she plan to have me do? She sat relaxed on the couch, looking me over. Her eyes paused at my crotch. I knew she could see the tent in my pants.

"Hmmm you are enjoying this more than I thought you might. I'll take your silence as approval of our little deal. Now, my pet, a simple rule. You are no longer to address me by my first name, not even in class. You will call me Mistress out of class. In class, in front of the other students, you may address me as Miss Hanson." I nodded in agreement. "I'm sorry, were you trying to communicate?"

"Ah, yes Mistress, I understand Mistress," I said. Part of me was still trying to figure out how I got into this mess, and how I was going to get out of it. Another part of me was aroused by her power, and wanted be sexually taken by this hot young woman. Lyrics from the Police sang in his head, "Temptation, frustration; So bad it makes him cry".

"Good, then lets get started with tonight's lesson."

She had me kneeling in front of her massaging her feet through her fishnet stockings. As she raised each foot to me, I found myself unable to not try and steal a glance up between her legs and beneath her skirt again. She smiled as she saw me peeking.

"Yes, my pet, go ahead and look. It doesn't matter anymore does it now? You can look all you want, but you know it will only torture you more because then you'll want to touch."

She pulled her skirt up revealing a red satin g-string. She began asking me questions about the math as if we were sitting in class. I found myself on autopilot answering her questions, but totally mesmerized by her g-string. It was so skimpy that she was either shaved completely, or at least very neatly trimmed.

"Mmmm you are good with your hands. I will have to put them to good use sometime."

Our mathematical discussion continued, and it didn't take long for me to again conclude that she already knew the math. When she had me switch to her other foot, she began teasing my cock through my pants with the first foot. I was totally aroused. Her hand drifted down to her g-string, and she began sliding her fingers up and down along her pussy. I could see her arousal soaking into the fabric. By now, the math had faded away. I was fixated on her fingers, slowly stroking herself.

"You want this don't you? You want to touch me. I know you do. You want to taste me."

"...yes, Mistress..." I admitted. By now, fear for my job had dissolved. Now, my fear was that she would torment me. And torment me she did.

"Good. I'm glad that you are being honest with me. Help me remove my stockings...but don't you dare touch my pussy."

She raised her leg up off of the couch. I slid my hands down her leg, feeling the soft skin and toned muscles of her legs. My fingers reached to the lace bands at the top of her stocking, just inches from her moist satin covered pussy. I slid the stocking down her leg, again feeling her smooth skin. I repeated the process for the other stocking. She took both stockings, then stood. My face was just inches from her crotch. I looked up at her, and she smiled down at me. Her expression was defiant and confident. It said she knew that I was just inches from her sex, and she knew that I wouldn't move a muscle without her approval. She swung her leg over my head, exposing her crotch to me as she did so, then walked to the middle of the room. Turning to me, she pointed at the floor. Without getting off of my knees, I crawled to her and knelt in front of her again.

She walked behind me, then reached around me, and began to unbutton my shirt. When she had removed my shirt, she told me to stand. In short order my pants were piled around my ankles as were my boxers. I was frozen with anticipation. My cock was hard and stood at attention. A drop of precum glistened on the tip of cock.

"Get rid of those pants, and your shoes and socks too. You look like a fool standing there like that!" she spat. I kicked of my shoes, and then my pants and boxers. Last, I took of my socks, and kicked the whole pile to the side of the room.

Standing behind me, she took my hands, and I felt her wrapping her stocking around my wrists, binding them behind my back. Then, she reached around me, and I felt her hand on my cock. Her grip was strong, but gentle, warm. I instinctively moved my hips, trying to fuck her hand. Her grip immediately clamped down hard, and she whispered into my ear, "Did I tell you that you could move? Disobey me, and this will only be worse for you. Obey, and I may reward you beyond your wildest fantasies."

Reaching around me with her other hand, she looped the stocking around my balls, then around the base of my cock, then pulled the ends around my waist, pulling my cock up. She tied the ends of her stocking to my hands. Looking down, her harness effectively connected my wrists to my cock. As I moved my hands, it pulled on my cock, tightening the harness. Already my balls were purple, and the head of my cock was swollen and a deep red, engorged with blood.

"There, that's better isn't it? I have needs that the boys in school cannot fulfill. You should do nicely. I own you now, and I will use you for my pleasures. Your needs are secondary. You will not cum unless I say you may cum. If you cum without permission, I will punish you, and I don't think you'll like that."

She started a slow circle around me, her finger tips reaching out and drawing imaginary lines on my body. She reached out and pinched my nipple, sending a painful jolt through my body that made her smile and giggle. Then she stood directly in front of me so close that my cock was resting against her stomach. She leaned forward, and took one of my nipples in her mouth, sucking on it, and licking it. I let out an involuntary moan as her mouth felt exquisite on my nipple. Then, she bit down. I gasped, and pulled away which only sent more painful waves through my nipple as she didn't let go with her teeth. A sudden smack rang out, and I felt a stinging on my ass. She released my nipple, and looked into my eyes.

"Did I say you could pull away from me? You will not move," she hissed, and then repeated her sucking on my other nipple. Again, she bit down, and I did my best to stand at attention without moving. After what felt like an eternity, she softened her grip, and went back to caressing my nipple with her lips and tongue.

She raised her head again, and brushed her lips against mine. Her hand reached up and took ahold of both of my nipples. She pinched them gently, rolling them back and forth between her fingers and thumb. The sensation sent waves of pleasure through my body. I felt my cock twitching, aching to be touched. I was looking directly into her eyes as she touched me, then without the slightest hint in her expression, she pinched hard on my nipples. I forced myself not to react, holding my position.

"Good, you are learning. I like to see you squirm in pain. It pleases me to see you suffer." As she spoke, her lips brushed mine. I could feel her warm breath on my face. "Now, its time you served me," she said, and reached down and grabbed ahold of my cock and pushed down, signaling for me to kneel. "On the floor, on your back."

I managed to lay down on my back. My hands secured behind me, raising my pelvis off of the floor. The stocking harness on my cock pulling tight on my cock and balls. She stood above me, looking down. Stepping over me, she stood with one foot on either side of my head. I was looking straight up between her legs. Her pussy barely covered by her red satin g-string. She slid a hand down her ass, and hooked a finger beneath the string that ran between her ass cheeks. She slid it aside, revealing her asshole.

"You want this don't you, you dirty slut? Lucky for you, I'm going to give it to you. But, if you so much as touch my pussy, you can kiss your life as you know it goodbye." At that moment, it occurred to me that my life as I knew it was already over. She knelt down, squatting over my face. Her pink rosebud just inches from my mouth.

"Stick out your tongue, slut. You are going to be my tongue-slut for the foreseeable future, and its time you started practicing." She reached a hand back, and pushed down on my forehead so I couldn't raise my head off of the floor. I reached with my tongue, my desire to taste her blinding any rational thoughts in my mind. She slowly lowered herself until the tip of my tongue just touched her. I worked to try and lick her, only barely able to do so. She lowered herself a bit more, and my tongue pressed against her rosebud. I pushed my tongue in circles around her asshole, lubricating it. I fluttered my tongue over her sacred hole, and I heard her groan with pleasure. Then, she lowered herself further, and smothered me with her ass. I pushed my tongue hard against her rosebud, trying to tongue fuck her ass. I couldn't see as her ass covered most of my face, and what little I could see beyond that was shrouded by her miniskirt. She rocked back and forth on my tongue, grinding her ass onto my mouth and tongue.

I could feel my cock was harder than I had ever known it to be. I realized that being controlled by this young woman tapped into something I didn't know I had in my psyche. Sure I had fantasized about being with many a hot young student. Every young teacher has. But, this was different. I didn't just want the forbidden fruit, I wanted that fruit to take me. I wanted to give myself to her, be hers. And at this moment, I was.

I gasped for breath when I could as she rode my face, but my air supply was less important than pleasing her. I could hear her moaning with satisfaction with each stroke of my tongue. Her asshole had relaxed, and I found I could literally tongue fuck her ass now. I could sense that she was nearing an orgasm. I pushed harder with my tongue, wanting to give her that orgasm. Soon, she was shuddering with ecstasy. I could feel her ass clenching as her orgasm swept through her lithe supple body. She collapsed forward, taking her weight on her hands that now pressed hard on my chest. Her nails dug into my flesh as she worked to regain her balance and her control.

She raised herself up, and stood again over me. Legs still on opposite sides of my head. I could see that the front of her g-string was now soaked with her juices. She could see me looking, and smirked. She reached down, hooked her thumbs beneath the thin strings of her g-string, and pushed her g-string down her legs until it was stretched taught across my face, securely looped around her ankles. She positioned the wet satin on top of my nose. Her heavenly scent filled me.

"Yes, slut, smell me. Is it not the sweetest perfume in the world?" I took her aroma into my senses, and stared up between her legs. I could see her pussy lips, swollen with excitement, puffy. A drop of her juices dangled from her lips. As I had thought, she was totally clean shaven. What I hadn't expected were the piercings she had on her pussy lips. Rings tinkled faintly as they swayed with her bodies movement.

She stepped out of her g-string, then took the wet satin and pushed the inside of her g-string into my mouth. I sucked on it, tasting her on the fabric. "Yes, taste me my slut. That's all you're going to get tonight. In time, you may earn the true taste of my honey, but not yet."

Then, she used her foot to push my body, and roll me onto my stomach. My rigid cock made it awkward, and I could feel my hardness pressed against the carpet by my body weight. I felt her working on the stockings, and felt a slackening.

"You will clean my panties and my stockings tonight. Be gentle with my lingerie slut. I will come for it tomorrow night at the same time. I want you to stroke your cock for me tonight, but do not cum. Bring yourself to the edge at least 10 times tonight. That's an inequality if you didn't know that, just like us," she finished with a giggle, turned, and walked out of the apartment.

Teacher's Pet? Ch. 02
byssnatch©

After she left, I got up and sat on the couch for almost an hour, just trying to absorb what had just happened. One part of me was completely excited that I had just an amazing sexual experience with a hot young woman. That part of me wanted to go into the bedroom and stroke my cock like she had told me to. The other part of me was freaked out that I had just crossed a line that was totally forbidden. Teachers and students just don't cross that line. It was one thing to fantasize, it was another to act. Both sides were fighting inside my head, keeping me from being able to have any clarity on the situation. Eventually, the side that was jacked that I had gotten dominated by a hot young thing won out, rationalizing that crossing the taboo line was just as exciting, and that if I didn't obey her, I was screwed at work, so I had no choice but to enjoy it. I knew it wasn't necessarily the most well thought out argument, but sometimes you have to think with the little head.

I was just finishing hand washing her stockings, and I was reaching for her g-string when I realized that they probably still smelled of her. I stopped, hung the stockings on the shower curtain rod, and picked up the g-string. I held it to my nose, and smelled them. I was right, it still smelled of her. Her rich aroma bled off of them like she was still here. My cock immediately responded, getting hard almost instantly. I remembered that she had told me to masturbate nearly to climax at least ten times tonight. I wasn't sure I could, but with the help of her g-string, I got started.

I lay back on my bed, closed my eyes, and held her g-string to my nose while I stroked my cock. I re-lived our encounter in my head. It didn't take long before I felt my cum welling up in my balls. I stopped stroking, and pulled the g-string from my nose. My excitement faded, and I was able to start stroking again. I started to smell her g-string again. I managed to keep this up for 5 rounds, but each became progressively shorter. I decided I had better stop, or I would go past the point of no return. By now, my balls were aching for release. I needed to distract myself, so I got dressed again, and turned on the TV.

An hour of channel surfing helped mildly, but my mind was still unable to stop thinking about her. She had told me to call her Mistress. I decided to look on the Internet to see what I could find. It didn't take long, and I had found numerous web sites dedicated to female domination of men including some sites that had stories and even essays on the topic. The more I read, the more turned on I was by the idea of being dominated by her. My cock was hard, and I was stroking myself as I clicked through web pages. I found videos of women whipping men, then teasing them, and using them for their own pleasure. In one, the woman sat on the guy's face, and rode his tongue to orgasm. I was so caught up in the videos, that I forgot what I was doing, and I felt my balls tightening, and my orgasm about to erupt. I squeezed my shaft hard, and clenched my pc muscles. Disaster narrowly averted.

When I was sure I had control, I released my grip on my cock, and just sat in my desk chair, staring at the computer screen. The rest of the night included a cold shower, four more masturbation sessions ending in more frustration, and then washing her g-string. "Mistress's g-string" I told myself and smiled.

I awoke the next morning with a clear case of blue balls. My morning hard on was calling out to me for relief. I showered, and headed to school. At school, teaching gave me something to focus my attention. As the day passed, I grew increasingly distracted, losing my train of thought many times in class. Whether the students noticed or not, I couldn't tell. When the final class period rolled around, my nerves were a little on edge. She again took a seat in the front row. I could smell her perfume as I started class. I had to park myself behind my lectern to hide the tent in my pants. While reviewing homework problems, Tish raised her hand for the first time during class.

"Yes, Miss Hanson, do you have a question?" I asked. I saw a few students look at each other, clearly noticing that I didn't call her by her first name like I do every other student.

"Will you show *me* problem *69* from the book on the board, please?" she asked, with an emphasis on 'me' and '69′.

I looked down, pretending to look at my copy of the textbook, but I was really looking to see whether or not I could leave the relative safety of the lectern. My small head was not cooperating. Fortunately, I had an idea.

"Yes, of course...in fact, I have an idea, who would like to show us number 69?" I asked the room, looking for a volunteer. No one moved but I did hear a couple students laugh at the numerical reference. All the students just stared back at me. "Oh come on everyone, let's have a volunteer," I coaxed them, almost pleading. Fortunately, one of the girls in the back finally raised her hand. "Terrific, Miss Jackson, thank you." She worked her way to the front of the room, took some chalk, and proceeded to solve problem 69 on the board.

"Good job, Miss Jackon. Miss Hanson, did that help?" I asked. Tish gave me a look that told me I was in trouble.

"Yes, I will review it again later tonight," she replied with emphasis on 'tonight'. The rest of class proceeded rather uneventfully. I managed to get myself under control, and I was able to leave the safe confines of the lectern. At the end of class, the students disappeared as was their usual practice, and Tish remained.

"Tonight, we will work on your ability to follow directions," she scolded me, then stood, and walked out of the room. As usual, I watched her hips and ass as she exited the room. I knew that I was in trouble, but I was also excited by the idea that she was going to discipline me somehow.

****

I paced back and forth in my apartment, peering out the window every couple of passes, looking for Tish to arrive. I had placed her stockings and panties, washed and neatly folded, on the coffee table by the couch. While I knew she had said she would return at the same time, I was unable to just do other things, despite the fact that it was only 7 o'clock. For the next hour, I paced and thought about the night before, the smell of her pussy on her panties, class today, and my punishment. When 8 o'clock finally rolled around, I heard a knock on the door. I opened it, and she strode in without invitation this time. She had a small bag with her that she dropped on the coffee table next to her stockings and panties.

She sat on the couch, turning to look my way.

"You are disappointing me in so many ways today. You have a lot to learn. When you know that I'm coming over, from now on, you are to greet me at the door on your knees, naked, looking down. You should stay there until I tell you otherwise. If I surprise you, and show up unannounced, then you should be on your knees when you greet me at the door, and once I am inside, you are to strip immediately. To greet me, I want you to say, 'Hello Mistress, thank you for allowing me to serve.' Do you understand?" she asked.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good, then what are you waiting for?" she asked somewhat exasperated.

I quickly realized what she meant, and I stripped out of my clothes, and then knelt where I stood, eyes cast at the floor. My cock was rock hard already.

"Are you going to greet me you stupid bitch?"

"Oh!...er...Hello Mistress, thank you for allowing me to serve."

"There, that's better. That wasn't so hard, was it?"

"No, Mistress, it was not hard."

"Better. Now, about earlier today. I asked you to show me a problem on the board, and you handed it off to that little-miss-know-it-all in class. Remember, when I ask you to do something, you are to obey! For such insubordination, you deserve to be punished. Look inside my bag, and I want you to choose your punishment."

I crawled to the coffee table, and then unzipped the bag. I began to pull out objects, and lay them on the table, one at a time. The first was a wide leather belt. The next was a hair brush. I reached into the bag and found a small pile of clothes pins. Finally, I pulled out pair of red satin panties. Looking over the collection of things, I had an idea what punishment the belt might bring, and it scared me. Likewise, the clothes pins looked like they could might be painful. The hair brush and the panties seemed innocuous to me. If she was going to dress in sexy red satin panties or have me brush her hair, who was I to argue? My hands touched each of them once. The silky smooth fabric of the panties felt so nice, I picked them up, and looked to her.

"Good choice pet," she congratulated. I smiled, remembering when I had first caught a glimpse of her panties. "Now, put those down, and bring me the other three things." I felt my stomach tighten, and a feeling of dread swept through me. I did as she said, and brought to her belt, the brush, and the pins.

"Kneel in front of me." I knelt in front of her. My cock began to soften as fear of what she was going to do crept into me. She clearly noticed, "Not so happy to see me anymore?" She took my cock into her hand and began to stroke it lightly while she looked me in the eyes with her piercing gaze. I was instantly hard again. Smiling, she took one the clothes pins, and pinched it, showing me how it opened and closed. She released my cock, then began to lightly flutter her finger over my left nipple. Despite my fear, my cock was now rock hard, and I could feel my nipple hardening. Then she pinched it, and pulled, not too hard, but enough to send painful but enjoyable sensations through me. I watched in almost detached fascination as she brought the clothes pin to my nipple, opened it and then saw its mouth close upon my outstretched nipple. When she released it, and it caught on me, then I was suddenly back in myself, as a painful jolt hit me. I sucked in air, trying not to react too much to the pain.

"Good slut. Take your punishment quietly like a good little pet," she cooed.

A feeling like I was going flush was there, then it was gone at her praise, and then was replaced by the dull ache in my left nipple. She repeated the process for my right nipple. I anticipated the initial pain, and I was better able to control my breathing when the clothes pin clamped down on me.

"Mmm my pet is learning quickly, good," she praised again. That same feeling hit me again.

She picked up another clothes pin, and then her other hand cupped my balls. A feeling of dread passed through me as I imagined what was coming next. She pinched some of the skin on my scrotum, and in no time, she had attached 3 clothes pins. I almost didn't feel the pain in my nipples now as a sharper throbbing pain in my balls overwhelmed me. Tish was clearly enjoying herself. I watched her face as she attached the last clothes pin, and I had the distinct feeling that she was not only having fun torturing me, but she was getting turned on. Her mouth was slightly open, and I saw her lick her lips. Seeing this, my cock felt like it was getting harder. The pain was livable, but it was constant, and yet, my arousal did not wane.

Next, she picked up the belt, stood, and walked behind me. I held my breath, afraid she was going to strike me with it. It took all my self-control to not standup and run for the bathroom, the only room in my apartment with a lock. I felt her take first one arm, then the other. Then I felt the belt being wrapped around my upper arms. Then my arms were pulled toward each other behind my back. She used the belt to pull my elbows and upper arms toward each other behind me. It wasn't comfortable, but mostly, it made me feel more vulnerable. The only way I was going to get this belt off me was to bring my arms even closer together to create slack on the belt, and I knew I wasn't that flexible.

"Very good," she praised me again, and as before, I felt the same feeling. I concluded that I liked that feeling. I liked it when she praised me for being good.

She reached around me, and took the hair brush. It was a wooden brush with a oval head, maybe 4 inches long and 3 inches at its widest. The brush part was one of those plastic types with the little round balls on the ends of each spine. I didn't know what she was going to do with it. My hair was so short that I didn't even own a comb, let alone a brush. Just as I was thinking this, I felt a sudden sharp pain in my ass. She had struck me with the brush. I cried out in surprise and pain.

"Now, slut, you will be punished for your failure to follow orders today in class! Count outloud."

Smack!

"Two," I said through gritted teeth, trying to relax and let the pain flow through me.

"No, that was one, the other one didn't count. If you make another mistake, I will have to start over again," she scolded me.

Smack!

"One," I started counting again.

"No, that was three. I thought you were a math teacher."

"What, but you said--"

"Don't argue with me. You failed again. That was one, but if I correct you, you should thank me for my help, not argue. Now I'm going to start again, and double your punishment," she said, chastising me.

Smack!

"One."

Smack!

"Two."

She continued to administer the spanking with the brush in at a steady pace, alternating from one cheek to the other. My ass was burning with pain by ten, and I realized she never told me how many I was to get. When I got to fifteen, I could feel tears starting to collect in the corners of my eyes. When I got to twenty, she stopped.

"Good pet, you've taken your punishment well," she praised me. All harshness was gone from her voice. She was whispering in my ear, and I could smell her perfume. She ran her hands down my chest, until her hands were on the clothes pins. I watched as she gripped them, toyed with them a little, sending little rushes of sensation through my nipples to my core. Then she pulled on them without squeezing them hard enough to pull them from my nipples. Pain rushed back into my nipples. I must have closed my eyes because I didn't see her remove the clothes pins on my balls, but when the pain and burning flared up, I knew what was happening. Fortunately, the stinging was short-lived. In seconds, I just had a lingering discomfort in my nipples and balls, but my ass still burned. It wasn't as bad, but I was not looking forward to sitting.

I felt her hands now caressing my chest and nipples. Tish was standing behind me, arms draped over my shoulders. Her soothing caresses had my cock back at full attention. She leaned down, took my earlobe between her teeth, and bit lightly. A flick of her tongue, and she was whispering in my ear again, "You like it when I touch you, don't you my pet? It makes you hard. I like a hard cock. Who's cock is this?" she asked.

"My cock?" I answered, unsure of myself.

"No, silly, this is my cock now," she corrected me. "Now, stand for me." I stood up, and she moved around in front of me. She picked up the red satin panties from the table. She wrapped my cock in the silky fabric, and started to slowly draw the fabric up and down my shaft. I was looking down, watching her small delicate hand wrapped around the silky fabric wrapped around my cock. In just a few stroke, I felt like I was going to cum.

"Don't you dare cum without permission!" she warned me, and squeezed my cock. "I see you really like these panties. They are sexy aren't they?"

"Yes, Mistress, they are very sexy."

"Would you like to see what they look like on?"

"Oh, yes Mistress," I said, excitement clearly in my voice.

"Good pet, go ahead, put them on," she answered.

"Wh--" I started, then realized that she meant it.

"You've been so good with your punishment, I am offering you a reward pet. You may wear these panties tonight, and to school tomorrow," she went on. "Go on, put them on. I want to see my pet dressed up in sexy panties."

She held the panties in front of me so that I could step into them and I noticed that the tag had an "L" on it. These weren't Tish's. She was probably a size small or even extra small She must have bought these for me. I felt my cock twitch. I realized how turned on I was by the idea that she had bought panties specifically for me to wear. Part of me was horribly embarrassed by the idea of putting on panties, but another part of me was turned on by the kinkiness of it all. I stepped into the panties, and she pulled them up my legs. She reached into the panties and adjusted my cock and balls so that I was mostly covered, but my hard cock stuck out of the top of the panties. Panties felt nothing like mens underwear. The fabric was lighter, thinner, and softer. The waist rode lower on the hips. They were exactly what you'd expect — feminine.

Tish walked a circle around me, her fingers caressing the soft silky fabric of the panties, never losing contact with me as she checked me out. "These will do nicely. You look so cute, my pet. And I can tell you are excited too. What do you have to say," she asked.

"Uh...thank you, Mistress?" I answered.

"Good my pet, you are learning," she praised. "So, tell me about your how your night was after I left you? Did you follow those orders? I see you washed my panties and stockings. All hope is not lost."

I told her about how I smelled her panties and stroked my cock as she continued to walk slowly around me, touching me here then there. Pinch a nipple, pinch my ass. Caress my cock through the panties. I told her that I did not cum, but that I had come very close. I told her about what I had read on the Internet, and the videos I watched.

"Good my pet, I am proud of you. You have done well even with your recent failures. I think you have earned another reward." She stood in front of me, and she began to unbutton her top. It was a sleeveless, and had a deep V neckline. When the buttons were undone, I could see that she wore no bra beneath. She slipped the top from her shoulders revealing her breasts. Each nipple was pierced, and she wore a stainless stud in each. She took her nipples between her thumb and forefingers, and pinched them. "Mmm...do you like my breasts pet? Would you like to kiss them? Lick them? Suck on them?" She asked as she walked to couch, and sat. "On your knees, my pet, and come and worship your Mistress's breasts until I tell you to stop.

I positioned myself between her legs, kneeling, and leaned forward toward her left breast. With my arms and hands still bound behind me, I could not balance well. She took my head with her hands, and guided me to her breast. "Kiss them gently now, not too fast," she instructed. I kissed around her breasts, carefully avoiding her nipple. After covering her breast with kisses, I repeated the process and added light licks after each kiss. By now, she was purring, and I knew that I was pleasing her. I started to add a few light bites to my routine, and began spiraling toward her nipple. As I was nearing her nipple, she took my head with her hands, and moved me to her other breast. "Just like the last, pet. Not too fast." I repeated on her right breast, but this time when I neared her nipple, she didn't stop me. I kissed her nipple, then suckled it lightly. I felt her hand on the back of my neck. She pulled me to her, holding me against her. I sucked harder, using my tongue to play with her steel nipple stud. She must have liked this as I heard her moan in delight. I felt her slide her hand between our bodies to her pussy. She was masturbating while I suckled her nipple. Her other hand still pulled me to her by the back of my neck. She guided me to her other nipple, and I suckled, licked and tongued her nipple. Her breathing was getting harder and soon she was moaning continuously.

"Mmmm yesssssss," she hissed. She arched her body, and pulled my face harder into her breast. Her body shook and vibrated as her orgasm took her. I kept sucking hard on her nipple. Her orgasm seemed to last for minutes before she finally released her grip on my head. She pushed me back, and looked at me with a self-satisfied look on her face. Her chest was flush with the afterglow of sexual orgasm. Her breathing was hard, but she regained control quickly.

"Pet, you did well. If you behave, you may earn more rewards. She reached to my cock. I looked down and saw that I was drooling precum from my still rigid cock. She used her finger to wipe my precum from my cock, then reached to my mouth. "Here pet, another treat for you." I opened my mouth, beguiled by her confidence and directness. I tasted my precum on her finger. It was strangely sweet and salty.

"Tomorrow, my pet, you will wear these panties to school. I hope you do learn to control yourself, because I may have a lot of questions tomorrow since we have not had time to study tonight. Keep my things here in this bag, we will surely need them again." With that, she stood, walked behind me and released my arms, took her top, and just had the last button fasten as she walked out of the apartment.

***

I looked myself over in the mirror, turning this way then that way. I had never before considered "panty lines" but suddenly they were the most important thing in the world to me. Fortunately, you really couldn't see any panty lines through my pants. Beneath my pants, I was wearing the red satin panties that Mistress Tish had ordered me to wear to work today. Panties are not cut like mens briefs. The waist line is lower, and the cut on my back side provided less coverage. All good when it came to admiring them on a woman, but right now, it made me feel exposed even if you couldn't see them. The way the fabric of my pants moved against the panties was different. The panties were thinner, and the satin fabric was smooth and provided little to no friction.

I had purposely angled my cock down, and tried trap my shaft with the panties so that I would not be able to get hard. I didn't know if this was going to work, because doing this just made me think more about my cock being encased in silky smooth red satin. I took a deep breath, and decided there was little more I could do. I gathered my things, and left my apartment for school.

Classes were normal, and once I got going, I hardly noticed the panties. I had practically forgotten about them until I saw one young girl bend over to pick up her books, sticking her ass into the air, and I saw her panty lines clearly outlining her panties through her skirt. I looked away quickly, so I would not be noticed looking at her ass, but the sight reminded me of my panties. I felt myself becoming aroused, and I quickly retreated to the relative safety of my lectern. The next class was now filing into the room. It was Math for Dummies, and even if I had not been reminded of my predicament, Tish's arrival would have. Today she was wearing a long black lace skirt. So long, that I could only just see the tips of her boots as she walked to her new seat in the front of the room. Her mid-drift was exposed just a little, and her top was a tight fitting spaghetti strap tank top.

She looked up at me, and she winked. I felt myself flush at her wink, and I tried to busy myself with anything to avoid looking at her. I managed to gather myself, and began class. We reviewed the homework assignment, and true to her word, Tish had a number of questions. She started asking simple ones, but then began to ask a lot of "what if" questions that pushed beyond the original problems. It only took a couple questions and I could tell she had moved well beyond the class, and many of the other kids were clearly confused, but no one, not even I was willing to slow her down. I wasn't sure if they simply didn't care, or if somehow she had control over the other students as much as she had control of me. I knew she was toying with me, and making me solve problems that were much harder than what the class needed to know to survive. I also knew, she just wanted to keep me in front of the group.

After the homework review, I introduced the new lesson, and barely had enough time to assign a problem set before the bell rang, and the room emptied. Tish, as usual, remained. Unlike previous days, she walked to the door, and closed it. No one could see into the room from the outside because the window on the door was covered with fractal designs made in one of my other classes, and since we were on the second floor, you really couldn't see anything in the room from the ground. Tish walked back to the front of the room. With the room empty, I could hear her heels clicking with each step. She made her way to my desk, and sat on it, crossed her legs, and adjusted her skirt. Her booted feet peeked out from beneath her long skirt.

"You did well today, my pet," she started the conversation. I felt my cock twitch when she called me pet. The taboo nature of this conversation was oddly exciting, especially since we were on school grounds, in my classroom. "Come here, I want to see if you are wearing your pretty panties for me," she said, giving me the 'cum hither' finger curl. I walked to her, and stood in front of her. "Well, show me," she ordered.

I didn't know how to show her, and glanced at the door knowing that it was not locked. I reached down, and unzipped my fly, spreading the opening wide so she could see the red satin peeking through the opening. The red satin was clearly visible. She reached with her hand into my fly, and rubbed her fingers on my balls and cock. I stiffened, both my body and my cock.

"Mmm, good pet," she cooed. "Tell me," she continued, still running her fingers over my satin covered cock and balls, "did you enjoy tongue fucking my ass the other night?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"And worshipping my breasts, did you enjoy that?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"I like your sexy panties. Did you like wearing sexy panties today?"

"Umm...yes, Mistress," I admitted. Despite my fear of being discovered and the challenge to my masculinity, there was something about wearing them for her that made it appealing.

"I bet you would love to worship my pussy, wouldn't you, my pet?" By now, my cock was hard with excitement. "Mmm, I don't think you even need to answer that one, I can feel your answer," she said, looking down toward my cock. "I bet that at night, you fantasize about me, don't you? You fantasize that you are fucking me, don't you?" she looked at me now, her piercing eyes looking right through me.

"Yes, Mistress, I do fantasize about that," I answered meekly, unable to use the word 'fuck'.

She laughed, "My pet, if anyone is going to do the fucking, its me -- and don't you ever forget that!" I felt her fingers caressing the head of my cock. She pulled her hand out of my pants, and held up two fingers. They were slick with my pre-cum. "Looks like you are going to soil your pretty panties if you don't learn to control yourself," she chided, and pushed her fingers into my mouth. "Remember my pet, I own your cock which means I own your orgasms too. And I will have none of them wasted. No cumming without my permission. Tonight, I will not be visiting you, but I have an errand for you to run. I added a shopping list to my homework for you. You will go shopping tonight, and pick up everything I listed. You will also follow the instructions on them for tomorrow as well. Do you understand?" She withdrew her fingers from my mouth, and pushed her hand back into my pants.

"Yes, Mistress, I will go shopping and pick up everything on the list, and I will follow the directions," I repeated back to her. She squeezed my balls when I was finished speaking.

"Good, my pet. Now, I must be off. I have other things to attend to," she said. She released my balls, turned, and walked from the room. I watched her leave the room, and listened to the sound of her heels clicking on the floor. She had left her homework on her desk rather than depositing it in the basket with the rest of the class. I picked it up, and turned through the pages. At the end, the last sheet had her hand written instructions.

***

Shopping list for my pet 1) sexy satin or silk panties and thongs in a variety of colors 2) matching garter and stockings for your panties and thongs

Pet, Make sure you get enough pairs to last you through a laundry cycle. Mistress likes variety! When you get your new lingerie home, hand wash it all, and wear your favorite set to school tomorrow.

Mistress

***

When I had reread the list and instructions over three times, I realized my cock was rock hard. I looked down, and saw that I had a wet spot on my pants where the head of my cock had pushed out of the panties and leaked pre-cum. I zipped up my fly, and gathered my things. I held them in front of me, covering my little accident. When I got to my car, I drove out toward the highway. I pulled into the park and ride parking lot, and headed for the far corner. I parked, looked around, and saw that no one was here. It was a good thing that school let out long before regular businesses, so I was hours before the normal commute crowd would be here. I unzipped my pants, and ran my hand over my cock and balls. By now, my cock had softened. I reached into the panties, and tried again to point my cock downward so that I wouldn't get hard. Then I zipped up, and I headed for the mall that was a couple towns over rather than to the nearby mall in my town. I didn't want to see anyone from school or that I knew. During the drive, I turned on the air conditioning to try and both cool and calm myself as well as to help dry out the wet spot on my pants.

I kept trying to rationalize my actions. I had to do this, or I would lose my job, and likely never teach again. I had to do what she said because she could ruin my life. I told myself this over and over, but I also knew beneath it all, that I wanted to do it because it turned me on. I wanted to do it to please her, to receive her praise. It felt somehow right. It gave me purpose. I knew all that, and I felt it, but I was afraid to even say it to myself.

It took me 40 minutes to get to the mall. I wasn't overly familiar with this mall, but I found a map, and quickly found the ubiquitous Victoria's Secret store that is in every mall in America now. When I walked into the store, I tried to look normal, whatever that is. I told myself I was shopping for a girlfriend, and that she just happened to be my size. I was running my fingers over the neatly arranged collection of panties when a sales clerk approached me.

"Can I help you?" she offered.

"Um...no I think I'm OK," I tried to gently refuse her help.

"OK. Well, you let me know if I can help. Do you know what size and style she likes?" she asked.

"Um...she likes variety," I answered, now trapped in the conversation.

"Well, we have lots of variety here. And her size?"

"My size?"

"Excuse me?"

"Um, I mean, she's about my size? Tall I mean. Um, i don't know her size." I was clearly flustered now.

"Oh, don't worry sir. Most men don't know their..." she looked at my hands, "their girlfriend's size. I'll help you," she smiled. "Will you be needing full sets today?"

"Um...no, just bottoms...I mean panties...or thongs...um...and stockings and garters. They should match," I managed.

"Are you sure she won't want bras too?" she asked.

"Um...well, maybe, but I'm sure I won't get that size right," I explained.

"Perhaps you are right. How about we pick out things that have matching bras, and you can get her a gift certificate for them. She can come in and make sure she gets the style and size she likes for the bras," she offered.

"Sure, that would be great," I answered. I realized I was not going to be able to shed this sales clerk, and this was getting expensive as well as I looked at the price tag of the panties in front of me.

It took us probably 45 minutes of looking over different styles and colors before we had assembled 10 sets of panties, garters, and stockings. I now knew the difference between bikinis, boy shorts, thongs, v-strings, and hip huggers. I even had a basic understanding of demi cup, full cup, underwire and no wire, padded, and unpadded bras as she showed me all of the matching bras as well. My final shopping list included a few of every style except the v-strings. I made up an excuse that my girlfriend had once told me she didn't like v-strings, but didn't mind a thong. I was afraid that the v-string would never provide enough support to hold my cock and balls. I would have skipped the thong as well, but Mistress had listed that style specifically on her list. I had a collection of panties and matching garters with coordinated thigh high stockings. Some were sheer, and a couple had sexy patterns woven into the legs. One pair of stockings were seamed. I also had included one pair of real silk panties. Despite the fact that they were the most expensive pair of underwear I had ever seen, one touch of the smooth, luxurious fabric, and I knew I had to know what they would feel like wrapped around my cock and balls.

When the sales clerk rang them up, she suggested I add another $300 to the tab for the gift certificate for the bras. I was well beyond fighting it, and agreed. She winked at me and smiled.

"Enjoy your purchases," she said as I was leaving the store. I was sure that she knew that I was going to be wearing the purchases.

I walked back to my car carrying the two large bright pink Victoria's Secret shopping bags. I received a lot of knowing smiles from both men and women alike as I walked through the mall. I tried to look ahead, and not make eye contact with anyone in fear that I would give away the truth of my purchases with my poor poker face.

When I arrived home, I carefully laid out the lingerie on my bed, matching panty to garter to stockings. I removed all the price tags, and then I decided I had better try them on. As I reached for the first pair of hot pink satin hip hugger panties, I realized if they didn't fit, I had just removed the tags. I shook my head, and chastised myself for being stupid. I stripped out of my clothes, and standing naked, stepped into the panties. As I pulled them up my legs, like the red satin panties that Mistress Tish had given me to wear for today, the smooth sexy fabric felt wonderful against my skin. I tucked my cock and balls down between my legs in an effort to keep myself from getting hard. It took some adjusting, but I was able to do it so that the panties held my cock and balls pushed beneath and between my legs. The end result was, looking down at myself, I looked like I had a pussy as there was no bulge in the front of the panties. This thought only made me more sexually excited, and I felt my cock trying to swell.

I shed the panties, and worked my way through the collection. The thongs would take some getting used to. The feeling of the thong wedging between my ass cheeks was not uncomfortable, but it was also a feeling that made you want to reach back and fix the wedgie. But, I knew that this wasn't an option given the cut of the thong. I tried the silk panties on last. I was right that the fabric was different. Satin pretends to be silk, but these were decedent. I couldn't keep my hands off of my cock. Stroking myself through the black silk was turning me on. I looked down, and I noticed that I had leaked pre-cum onto the silk. That reminded me that I needed to wash all of the lingerie. I gathered up the lingerie, still wearing the silk panties, and carried it all to the bathroom. Using the sink and a little clothing detergent, I hand washed all of the panties and garters. I wet and carefully dried the stockings. By the end, my shower curtain rod was hung with all of the lingerie except the silk panties. I stripped out of them, and washed and hung them to dry.

I was standing naked in my bathroom, surrounded by sexy lingerie. I looked at myself in the mirror, and saw my nakedness. My cock stirred, and I knew that somehow Mistress Tish had tapped into something in me that I had not realized was there.

****

I awoke early the next morning. I had a morning erection. It had been days since I had cum, and I wasn't sure when my abstinence would end. It wasn't really my abstinence, it was hers. I went to the bathroom, and checked on the lingerie. It was dry, and so I took them all down, and brought them back to the bedroom. I carefully folded them, and put them all away into a drawer except for the silk panties, its garter, and a pair of seamed stockings that the sales clerk had picked out to match.

I took a shower, and tried not to think about the fullness of my balls or the fact that my cock was screaming for attention. I finished the shower by switching off the hot water, and used the cold water to calm myself down. Getting dressed was harder than I thought. It took me a lot longer than I thought to get the stockings on. The seams were not easy to get straight, and the garters were difficult for me to attach. When I had it all done, I realized I hadn't relieved my bladder this morning. Fortunately, I didn't need to remove the panties, because it was at this moment that I figured out that I should have done the stockings and garters first, then put on the panties. I relived myself, then went back to work on the garters to fix the mistake.

The smooth silky feeling of my legs rubbing against each other was exhilarating. I had tucked my cock and balls down between my legs to try and prevent myself from getting hard. It helped some, but I knew I would need to readjust myself throughout the day to maintain control.

I finished dressing, and found that the feeling of the stockings inside my pants served to remind me with every step how I was dressed. The garter sat above my hip bones, and I discovered that the lace trim was above my waist line. I was going to need to make sure that my shirt remained tucked in to hide it. Once dressed, I examined myself once again as I had done previously for panty lines. The garter made it more noticeable. If I bent or moved the wrong way, I could see the straps that connected to the stockings on my ass through my pants. I could also feel the lacey edges at my waist through my shirt. I purposely wore a dark blue shirt to make sure that you couldn't see the black and red garter through the shirt.

When I got to school, I was feeling strangely excited and sexy. Knowing that I had on silk panties, a garter and stockings made me feel like I had a secret. I realized that the fear of the day before had been replaced by a nervous excitement. I was doing something secret and naughty, and I was doing it for Mistress Tish, and I knew she would approve. Maybe she would reward me. As I walked through the halls, others seemed to notice as I got more smiles and "Good Morning!" greetings from students and faculty.

The day raced by, but as time neared the last period, the final half hour of my second to last class seemed to crawl. Anticipation of seeing Mistress Tish in class was messing with my head. Giving this class a test didn't help as I was simply sitting at my desk observing the kids as they worked on the test. When the bell finally rang, students turned in their tests, and the room emptied.

In the pause between classes, I reached into my pants to feel my cock through the silk. I slid my hand inside the panties, and pushed myself down between my legs again, and readjusted the panties so that they held my cock down. As I was pulling my hand out of my pants, I heard the telltale clicking of Mistress Tish's heels.

"Good afternoon. Enjoying yourself?" she asked with a knowing smile on her face. I looked up, and saw that another student was just entering the room a few steps behind her.

"Of course, Miss Hanson, I always enjoy school," I answered trying to sound like a cheerful teacher, and to hide the sexual tension that I felt.

"Are you looking forward to the weekend? I have big plans," she said smiling and looking me square in the eyes. It was obvious that those plans included me.

"I have no plans for me, Miss Hanson. Lately I've found that my time is no longer my own. Things are keeping me very busy."


Throughout class, my excitement turned into a fun and interactive day with the students. My energy definitely brought out the best in all the students, and by the end of it, I felt like it was probably one of the best classes I had delivered. Regardless, the end of the day on a Friday meant that the room emptied even faster than usual. Tish remained behind as had become her custom.

"Good class today. I see your new wardrobe agrees with you? Let me see," she said with a smile.

I looked up, and the door was still open, and I could see kids moving through the hallway. I hesitated, trying to figure out how to show her with the door open. I looked to her for some sort of guidance, and she quickly understood my apprehension. She dropped her pencil, and it rolled along the floor toward the chalk board.

"Oops, could you pick that up for me?"

I understood what she wanted, and I bent over, showing her my ass. I knew that the garter's strap was showing through my pants. I picked up her pencil, and as I turned back to face her, I was again staring straight up her skirt. She had spread her legs, and pulled up her skirt while I had been facing the other way.

This time, I was not looking at her panties. This time I was staring at her exposed pussy. She wore no panties, and I could see her pussy lips. She reached her hand between her legs, and pushed a finger inside her, then pulled it out, moist with her juices.

I stood up, and brought her pencil to her. She held her finger in front of her, and looked into my eyes.

"Thank you for my pencil....clean my finger, pet. This is a preview of what might be in your future if you play your cards right," she ordered.

I looked over her shoulder and watched my doorway as I knelt down, and took her finger in my mouth. She tasted sweet and salty. I quickly released her finger, and stood back up. No one had passed by my doorway.

"Good pet. Now, keep your new wardrobe on when I come visit you so I can see how you look. But make sure you remove the rest. I will be over in an hour as you have an appointment this afternoon, but I want to see how your shopping trip went beforehand. Make sure you get home quickly," she ordered. Then she stood, and walked from the room, heels clicking. Her ass barely covered by her mini skirt which looked even shorter to me now that I knew she wore no panties beneath it. I wondered if she had gone all day like that or if she had removed her panties for my class.

Teacher's Pet? Ch. 03
byssnatch©

I hurried home, knowing that she would arrive soon. My shopping trip the night before had pretty much gotten me beyond my initial apprehension, and I was now past the point of no return. I was excited by the attention she was giving me, and excited by the unknown of what she was going to make me do or do to me.

When I got home, I made sure that the apartment was cleaned up, and I laid out my purchases on the coffee table for her to see. I also stripped down to my panties, garter and stockings so I would be prepared when she arrived. The hour passed quickly, and soon I heard her knocking on the door. I moved to the door, knelt down, and opened the door. I kept my eyes gazing at the floor. As soon as I opened the door, I had a sudden realization that I hadn't even looked through the peep hole to make sure it was her. My heart immediately began to race, and I felt a wave of panic sweep through me.

The door pushed open, and before me I saw two black spiked heel boots. I had to be her, although I knew I couldn't look up if it was her, and I was afraid to look at whomever it was if it wasn't her. So, I swallowed the lump in my throat, and simply greeted her, "Hello Mistress, thank you for allowing me to serve."

"Good pet, you are welcome," she answered calmly and walked past me. I let out a sigh of relief and closed the door. I don't know if she noticed my panic, but I'm sure if she had, she probably enjoyed it. "Did I tell you to close that door? Are you sure someone else wasn't with me? Are you sure you didn't just slam the door on one of my friends?" she asked.

I immediately opened the door again, fearing I had actually just closed the door on someone. "I'm sorry Mistress, I wasn't thinking. Please forgive me," I apologized, and tried to look out the door without looking up.

"Fortunately for you, I am alone. You may close the door," she replied. "You are going to have a sore ass if you continue to disappoint me. Now, come over here. Let's have a look at your shopping trip."

I crawled to her. She was sitting on the couch in her usual spot. She had already picked up a pair hot pink satin panties from the coffee table. It was matched with a black and pink garter and black sheer stockings. She put them down, and picked up a red satin and lace thong. A red lacey garter and red stockings with white accents completed the set. She proceeded to pick up each pair of underwear, brushed her fingers over the fabrics, then turned to me. She gestured for me to come closer, and when I was kneeling between her knees, she reached out and stroked my cock through the smooth silk of the panties. Her touch had me instantly hard. She smiled at my reaction.

"Hmmm...it appears my pet truly does enjoy lingerie. You are a dirty little slut aren't you?" she asked rhetorically. Looking back at the table, she noticed the envelope that contained the gift certificate. "Bring me that envelope, slut," she ordered with a particular emphasis on 'slut'. I handed her the envelope. She opened it, and a smiled. "I am proud of you my pet. You are thinking of your Mistress. Was this your idea?"

"Um...well...no. The girl in the store suggested I get it so that you could get matching bras...well...er..so I could get matching bras...well...she assumed that I was shopping for a girlfriend, and I told her I didn't know what size for the bras, so she suggested I get a gift certificate so that my girlfriend could get the matching bras. I think she really knew that the lingerie was for me, and knew she could make a larger sale. I guess it worked, because I couldn't say no."

"You are weak, and she was smart to see act upon that. I should meet this girl. Perhaps she would enjoy teasing you too?"

"Please Mistress, I don't think that would be a good idea."

"I'll decide what is or is not a good idea. I'll take this gift certificate from you. I don't think you are ready to go back to that store by yourself. I will protect you from yourself. Now, you have an appointment to make, so you are going to need to get dressed to leave. Keep your special lingerie on, and just dress like you were at school," she told me. She reached over and caressed my cock and balls through the silk panties again. Then, she pinched some of the hairs that were peeking out along the bikini line and pulled on them. I gasped in pain, but maintained my position.

"Good, my pet. We are going to take care of this mess today. Now, get dressed, we must go." With that, she gave my ass a playful spank, and pushed me toward my bedroom to get dressed.

I didn't know where we were going, and I was more concerned with being seen in public with Mistress outside of school. When I was dressed, Tish led me to my car, and told me to drive to the highway. I could tell that my apprehension was visible on my face.

"You are so cute when you are scared. Don't worry my pet, Mistress will take care of you. We will head south on the highway to Adamsville. Your appointment is there," she explained in the car. I was afraid to ask her what my appointment was for, and I intuitively knew she would tell me if she wanted me to know.

As we drove down the highway, she rested on hand on my crotch, lazily stroking me. I was hard, and I could feel my cock pressing against the silk panties. I tried to focus on the driving, but I couldn't keep myself from looking over to Tish. I saw movement in the corner of my eye, and when I looked, she had pulled up her skirt, had on leg on the dashboard, and she was slowly running her fingers up and down her pussy lips with her other hand.

"Keep you eyes on the road, my pet. You don't want to have an accident, now do you?" she said, giving my cock a gentle squeeze. When we got to the downtown exit for Adamsville, she directed me to take it, then turn into a shopping area that was filled with small boutiques and high end shops and cafes. We found parking, then she told me to follow her. She got out of the car, and started walking.

She didn't wait for me, so I had to walk quickly to catch up to her, settling in a step behind her. I tried to look casual, and I avoided looking at her ass, knowing she was bare beneath her skirt. I didn't want to look like a horny guy following a young hottie down the street, although I knew that's exactly what I was. I felt myself going flush with nervous excitement and embarrassment. My cock was still hard, and I knew that the tent in my pants was clearly visible. Tish stopped, and turned to look at me.

"Now, my pet. You are not to speak unless spoken to. If you are asked to do anything, you are to comply as if I was giving the order. We are going to get you cleaned up like a good little slut. Are you ready?" she asked.

I looked over her shoulder and saw that we were at a high end beauty salon. I wasn't quite sure what she had in mind, but I nodded. She looked at me disdainfully.

"Yes, Mistress, sorry. I am ready Mistress," I managed.

"Good, now come," she order, and turned and entered the salon.

I followed her into the salon, and I was immediately surrounded by the sounds and women chattering to one another as they had their hair and nails done. I couldn't make out any of the conversations, but I knew what it felt like for a woman to walk into a barber shop as many glanced my way, and had curious looks as if to ask "What are you doing here?" The girl at the counter, wearing a name tag that read "Cheryl" greeted Mistress.

"Hello Cheryl, yes this is the one I was talking about. He's ready for his appointment ," she answered.

"Of course, I remember. Hold on one moment while I tell Vanessa that you are here."

A minute later, a buxom blonde wearing a white lab coat with "Vanessa" embroidered on the chest walked over to us, and greeted Tish like an old friend, giving her a hug and a peck on the cheek. Tish returned the gesture, then looked at me while talking to Vanessa.

"Nessa, this is the one I talked to you about. He's in need of some cleaning up. You'll see once we get him undressed," she explained.

I felt myself getting more and more flushed. She had been talking about me to the women at this salon previously, and now loud enough for all to hear. I was still unsure what was going on except that I did clearly hear "undressed".

"No problem, dear, you know me, I'll make sure not a hair remains when I'm done with him," she said, smiling at me.

She and Mistress both turned and began to walk into the salon toward the back. I looked around, and noticed that many of the women were looking at me and grinning. Clearly they knew that was going on. I looked back up to see Mistress glaring at me from across the room, and I quickly joined her, trying to keep my eyes down to avoid making eye contact with anyone in the salon. Vanessa led us into a room and closed the door. In the room was a table, like a massage table. The room smelled like candles. It was at that moment that I realized what was going on. My brain was clearly not processing well because I should have realized it earlier, but I was so distracted by Tish's antics in the car that I didn't put two and two together until now. My heart began to race.

"I'll step out while you disrobe from the waist down. You can cover up with this towel," Vanessa said casually.

"Oh, that won't be necessary. He has nothing to hide, do you pet? You can just stay while he strips, right? And he won't need the towel. That will just get in the way, right?" she asked me rhetorically. My hands were shaking a bit with my nervousness as I began to undo my belt and take off my pants. "Oh, I almost forget. Pet, please remove your new garter and panties, you wouldn't want to get wax on them. But I think your stockings will be OK, don't you think Nessa?"

"Of course, we'll be careful. If your shirt tails are long, you can either hold them up out of the way, or feel free to remove the shirt too," Vanessa added.

"Yes, good idea, remove your shirt too, just leave on your stockings. I like the way your legs look in stockings," Tish said.

By now, I was no longer thinking clearly. I was overwhelmed with embarrassment and fear at the same time. I focused on Mistress's voice, just trying to follow her directions afraid that one misstep and she'd humiliate me in front of the whole salon. In a minute, I was stripped to my stockings only. My cock was rigid. I knew better than to try and cover up, and given what I knew was about to happen, I had nothing to hide. Vanessa gestured for me to lay down on the table, face up. She gently took my shaft and moved it this way and that, inspecting me.

"Well, Tish, he has quite a bit of hair here. I think we're going to have to use some clippers to shorten up the hair before we wax him." Vanessa opened a drawer, and pulled out a standard hair clipper. She attached a guard, walked back to the table, and plugged it into a plug that was mounted on the leg of the table. "Now, don't move, I wouldn't want to accidentally catch you in the clippers. With this guard, we should be OK, but one never can be too careful." With that warning, she turned on the clippers, and started trimming my pubic hair. With each stroke, she left a swath of hair behind that was less than a quarter inch long. My cock remained hard as she handled me. Mistress even lent a hand, literally, and held my shaft or pulled the skin taught on my balls as Vanessa continued to work. She raised my leg, and clipped the hair between my legs as well, running the clippers to my ass crack and back.

"There, now that's better. I think we can work with this," Vanessa said, satisfied. "Its not everyday that I get a helper in here, thank you, Tish. Vanessa continued to talk with Tish, ignoring me completely and treating me like I couldn't hear her. They talked about me in the third person. Vanessa got her waxing gear ready, and began to spread hot wax over my hair. The warmth of the wax felt nice, but my mind knew that it was just a tease as I watched her press a strip of white cloth to the wax. Without warning, she yanked the strip off of my skin. Pain like electricity shot through me, focused right where the cloth had been. I gasped, but suppressed any other reaction as best I could. I looked at Mistress as Vanessa applied more wax. Mistress was staring back into my eyes as I felt the next strip ripping the hair from my body. She was smiling like a proud coach does when they see an athlete performing well on the field. I focused on her face to try and escape the pain. It wasn't terrible especially after having with stood Mistress's hair brush spanking, and seeing her look back at me gave me that sense of approval that made me flush with warmth.

I could feel Vanessa adjusting me this way and that. Mistress was still helping hold my skin taught or to hold my shaft out of the way as she worked. I lost track of time, and just kept watching Mistress, hiding beneath her protective watch as Vanessa sent stinging pain through me every few moments. I felt her moving my leg, and I moved according to her guidance. She worked between my legs, and around my ass as well, and it what felt like a few short minutes, I heard her declare that she was done.

Mistress looked down at my crotch, and I followed her glance. Besides a little redness to my skin, I was no worse for wear, but I was completely bare now. It looked a little odd, but I had seen enough porn on my computer to also feel kind of like a porn star. Many male porn actors kept themselves bare or at least nearly bare now. I realized that I felt larger now. My cock seemed thicker and longer, although I know it was just a visual trick now that you could see all of me.

"Wonderful, Vanessa. Thank you for taking care of my pet. He so needed a good grooming. After all, we couldn't have him unkept with his new panties, don't you agree?" Mistress said.

"I agree, Tish, I think he will find this much more comfortable, and I think it looks much nicer. Judging from his chest, he doesn't have much hair on his legs, would you like me to do those as well? I could do them for free as a new customer gift for him," Vanessa offered.

"Oh, that would be sweet of you Vanessa. I know that he would love that. Pet, please remove your stockings so Vanessa can do your legs too."

After removing the stockings, Vanessa quickly removed the hair from my legs. The legs didn't hurt nearly as much, and she was right that I didn't have much leg hair, so she had little to do. When she finished, she and Mistress together rubbed some lotion into my legs, and Mistress took the initiative to do the same to my entire genital region. Vanessa took that time to clean up the strips of cloth. The feel of Mistress's hands on my cock, balls and all the surrounding areas was like I had never been touched before. Feeling her hands slide over the my skin, soft and slick, was wonderful, and I felt my cock twitching with excitement. Mistress caught my eye, and I could tell her expression was warning me to control myself.

"OK, pet, time you got dressed," Mistress said.

As I dressed, I relished in the new feeling of the fabrics against my virgin skin. The silk panties in particular were magical. I was afraid I was going to be hard all the time now. When I was completely dressed, the tent in my pants was ever present. Vanessa had already left the room, and Mistress stood by, waiting for me.

"There, now, don't you feel better? I very pleased with you today. Tonight, I am going to reward myself for your good behavior. Clearly, my instruction is helping you become a better slut," she said, smiling at me. She took my hand, and walked me out of the room, proudly displaying me to the women in the salon. Everyone knew what had just happened since that room was used for waxing, and they could see my excitement in my pants. I felt my face heating up as I flushed with embarrassment. One woman watched me through the mirror, and I could tell she was admiring my excitement. I now knew what it felt like to be looked upon as an object. Mistress led me to the counter, and the woman who had greeted us was with Vanessa.

"Here is a cleanser we recommend that he use on his skin. He should use it at least once a day. With the cleanser, your total is 120 dollars," she said to Mistress. I was watching Mistress, and realized she carried no purse, and I knew she had nowhere to hide a wallet on her clothes.

"Of course. In fact," she said, turning to Vanessa, "my pet is so happy with his new waxing that he'd like to schedule a follow up appointment every 4 weeks, this same time. Will that be OK?"

"I'll check the calendar, but I don't see a problem with that," Vanessa answered.

"Pet, please pay, and I'm sure that Nessa would appreciate the big tip you said you wanted to give her," Mistress said to me. I reached into my pocket, and handed over my Visa card. ***** When we returned to my apartment, my cock was aching for release. Mistress had teased me for the entire drive back. She had even unzipped my pants and had stroked my cock through the silk panties while she teased her own pussy. My car smelled of her sex, and by now, I could barely think. I just knew that I needed release, and that I'd do anything to get it.

When we got inside, Mistress had me strip down to my lingerie. Then, she sat down on the couch and ordered me to kneel between her legs.

"So, my pet, as I said, I am going to reward myself for your good behavior. I think I deserve a reward, don't you?" she asked, and raised her booted foot. "Unlace my boots, pet. I stood through your entire waxing, and they could use a massage."

I unlaced her boots, removing each. Then she swiveled on the couch, so that her legs were stretched out along the cushions, and gestured for me to sit on the couch. She raised one leg to me, and I took her foot into my hands, and began to massage her arch. I could see her naked pussy as her skirt rose up when she lifted her foot to me. She saw me looking and smiled.

"Mmmm...that feels nice. I guess you've earned a little reward too. You may enjoy the view," she purred, leaning her head back, and closing her eyes. With her other foot, she rubbed up and down along my shaft through the panties. After a few minutes, she had me switch feet. She continued switching feet every few minutes, alternating between them for almost a half hour. By now, I could see that she was getting very aroused. Her pussy lips were swollen, and her wetness gleamed on her lips. My cock strained against the silk panties, my head protruding above the lace trim. It was almost silent in the apartment. I could hear her breathing, and her little moans of approval when I touched the right spot on her foot. Using her soft moans of approval, I learned how she liked me to rub her feet.

"You are good at this. Who knew that you would be so good at math and rubbing my feet?" she giggled at her little joke. "Be a good little slut, and suck on my toes."

I was so turned on by now, that I didn't think twice, excited to be able to taste any part of her. I took each toe into my mouth, one by one, sucking on it, and pushing my tongue between her toes. Her moans of approval continued to guide my actions. I worked both of her feet like this for another 20 minutes before she stopped me.

"Thank you my pet. You are doing so well with your new role. Aren't you glad that we have come to this arrangement?" she asked. Hungry with desire, I was in total agreement.

"Yes, Mistress. I am very happy with our arrangement," I answered.

"Good. Now, all this sucking, and I bet you are hungry, aren't you? I know I am," she said with a glimmer in her eye.

"Yes, Mistress," I said, feeling short of breath.

"Well then, what are you making me for dinner?" I was caught for a second. She had teased me all afternoon, and I hadn't expected this question. "Ooohh...you dirty little slut you, what was on your mind?" she teased me. "Don't answer that. I know what your dirty little slut of a mind was thinking, but right now, I want you to fix me dinner. Surprise me."

I got up, my cock still aching for relief, and headed to the kitchen. I liked to think of myself as a competent cook, but I felt pressured now to make something special. I rummaged through my refrigerator and pantry, and concluded that I had little more than pasta. I had it prepared in rather short order, and set the table. As I was bringing the pasta to the table, Mistress took a seat.

I had set out two place settings, and was about to put pasta on the second setting when she interrupted me.

"Oh, you won't need that one," she said, "just my plate will be fine. You may kneel here beside me while I eat." I was disappointed because I had realized I was hungry as I had been preparing the food. I knelt beside her. She swirled the pasta onto the fork, and took a bite. "Not bad, my pet, but in the future, I think you should think about being more prepared for me. I love seafood. A nice steak is good on occasion too. And of course, fresh vegetables goes with any meal, don't you agree? Perhaps even a nice glass of wine."

I considered pointing out that she was underaged, and that I could get into trouble if I served her wine only to realize I was well past serving alcohol to an under-aged drinker. While we had broken no laws yet that I knew of, I had definitely crossed a line a long time ago.

After a few more bites, she swirled more pasta on the fork, turned to me, and held the fork out to me. I opened my mouth, and she fed the mouthful to me. She smiled while I chewed. "See? I told you Mistress would take care of you, didn't I?" She continued eating her dinner in the fashion, feeding me a bite for every three or four that she took until the plate was empty. "Did you prepare dessert?" she asked.

I hesitated, knowing that I had nothing to offer. Before I could apologize, she spoke again.

"Well, clean up the dishes. You will have to do better next time," she chided me. "I must go now. I have more important things to do tonight. I think you have some shopping to do. I will be back tomorrow afternoon. In the meantime, become better prepared to serve me meals. In addition, I think your apartment needs some more life to it, perhaps flowers. Impress me. Remember, my pet, no cumming without my permission, and don't forget to use that cleanser. You want to exfoliate that skin of yours to keep it smooth and soft." She stood, and as usual, simply walked out of the apartment, leaving me still kneeling on the floor next to the now empty chair.

***

As I was cleaning the dishes, I considered eating the rest of the pasta I had prepared, but realized that between the bites Mistress fed me, and my excitement, I wasn't hungry. "I guess Mistress does know best?" I asked myself out loud. I got dressed once again, still with my lingerie, and headed out to the grocery store.

While at the store, I stocked up on more food than usual. I couldn't be certain how often Mistress would be dining at my apartment, nor for which meals. The idea of feeding her breakfast had visions of her spending the night with me in my head. I tried to stop thinking about it as I found I had just wandered through two aisles of the store, but hadn't even noticed what had been in them. I went back through those aisles to make sure I had what I needed. As I rounded the end of one aisle, I nearly ran into another shopper. She turned around, and it turned out to be a fellow faculty member.

"Oh, hi Sarah, fancy meeting you here!" I said.

"Hi Geoff, you shop Friday night's too? Aren't we pathetic," she replied. "That's a lot of food. Excuse me for asking, but aren't you single?"

"Um...well, I hate shopping, so I try and get a lot of food, then I freeze a lot of it. Saves me trips to the store," I explained.

"Ah...typical math teacher I guess. You know us English teachers, we would rather shop all the time to see what might inspire us," she said cheerily. She saw the bottle of wine in my cart. She leaned toward me, looked left then right, and in a hushed conspiratorial tone asked, "Are you sure you aren't shopping for a big date night dinner? Come on, you can tell me."

"Oh, no, really no. I'm as pathetic as you...um...er...that's not what I meant. You know what I meant, right? I just like to have a glass of wine sometimes with dinner, that's all," I stammered. I felt myself going flush.

"OK Geoff, whatever you say," she said, and winked at me. "Maybe I could help you with that pathetic problem of yours. I like a glass of wine too," she offered, smiling.

I realized that she was actually making a pass at me. She was about my age, and we were among the few single faculty at the school. She was also cute, in an English teacher bookish sort of way too. But I knew that right now, there was no way I could even consider having her over for dinner. I had no idea what Mistress would do to me. If I couldn't cum without her permission, how was I going to have a date?

"Sure, well maybe we should organize a faculty party one of these days," I countered, trying to sound interested, but also put on the brakes by introducing others into the mix. I could see her expression change for just a moment, and I knew that she was disappointed at my soft rebuff. I felt bad, because I really wouldn't mind a normal night out with a normal woman. As much as Mistress represented pure taboo sexuality, I knew it was trouble. A relationship with Sarah might actually be normal, and perhaps I wouldn't have to wear panties and stockings.

"Yes, sure, that would be nice," she replied. The excitement clearly not in her voice. "Well, I better get going. Don't want to keep you here all night since you don't like to shop anyway. Bye now. See you at school." She quickly pushed her cart down the next aisle, and I stood there trying to process what had just happened.

On one hand, I felt a loss at the opportunity missed for a "normal" adult relationship with Sarah. In my mind, I tried to think of something I could say to her to salvage the situation. But then, in my mind I hear Mistress's voice praising me, and I felt a warmth inside me. As "abnormal" as things were with Mistress, I had never felt so good...so wrong, but so good. And if it was so good, was it really wrong? I looked down at myself. Wearing panties was "wrong" too, but it made me so horny, so alive. Was that so wrong too? There were web sites dedicated to panty wearing men, and men dominated by women. Why would there be so many web sites if what I was feeling was abnormal? There must be many others who felt like I did, or the web sites wouldn't be there.

I realized I had been standing at the end of the aisle for a few minutes, just thinking. I knew I could rationalize anything if I thought long enough, and I had learned that when I did that, it was just my way of trying to give myself justification for doing what I knew I was going to do anyway. I finished my shopping as quickly as I could, although not so quickly that I would catch up to Sarah again. I didn't want to have to talk to her more tonight. On my way to the checkout, I detoured over to a floral stand in the corner of the store. I picked out a few arrangements and put them in my cart. As I pushed the cart into the checkout lane, I saw Sarah walking past the lane on her way to her car. She glanced my way, saw the flowers, and a look of disappointment crossed her face. She looked away, and kept walking.

****

The next morning, I awoke with serious hard on. I couldn't remember what I was dreaming about before I woke, but whatever it was, I had that feeling that I had been enjoying myself. I reached for my cock to stroke myself when I heard Mistress in my head, "Remember, no cumming without my permission." I pulled my hand away and exhaled. I rolled out of bed, and took a shower. I used the cleanser from the salon. It was filled with some sort of exfoliating beads. I could feel the roughness of them as I rubbed the soapy cream into the skin around my crotch area. Once rinsed off, the skin felt good. I ran my hands over myself, marveling at how smooth and soft the skin felt beneath my fingers. This didn't help my morning hard on. I ended with another blast of cold water to try and calm myself down.

I realized that my new lingerie was still displayed on my coffee table. I retrieved everything, and brought it back to my bedroom. Mistress had said she would return, so I decided should wear the lingerie for her. Besides, it made me feel horny, and I liked that. I picked out a pair of hot pink panties that had a little bow on the front and a lace waist band. Stitching along the back side actually made the panties adhere closer to the shape of my ass. It wasn't as bad as a thong, but it was something that mens underwear did not do. I picked up the matching garter, and realized again that I was doing things in the wrong order. I stripped out of the panties, put on the garter, then the stockings, then finally the panties again. I was getting better at attaching the garters. I debated if I should put on anything else, and decided I didn't need to since I was just going to eat and grade homework until she arrived.

I was getting more used to wearing the lingerie. I found that I had almost forgotten about it while I was grading homework assignments. I didn't have a hard on, and I was able to just do the correcting without distraction for a couple hours. I finished my work, and found myself back at my computer, reading more stories about women dominating men. As I read more and more stories, and looked at photos and videos, I became more convinced that I was really a submissive at heart. How Mistress had known that about me from the very first day of class, I couldn't fathom, but clearly she had.

I ran my fingers along my cock and balls, feeling the satin fabric of the panties. The feeling of the smooth silky fabric was as much of a turn on as wearing it. My cock ached for release. It had been over a week now since the last time I had masturbated to completion, and since then, Mistress had me on edge relentlessly. I stopped touching myself, knowing that too much, and would cross the line of no return, and that would displease Mistress. I knew that when she did let me cum, it would be better.

I looked around the apartment. The flowers on the dining table and coffee table did add a little more cheer to the place. I opened the curtains and let in more light as well. It took me a few minutes to tidy things up, and I looked to the door, hoping that she would arrive soon. I peeked through the peep hole, but she wasn't there. Wishful thinking. I knelt down in my position next to the door and waited. I closed my eyes, and began to imagine her lowering her ass to my face like she had before. I imagined her taste and smell. I imagined the sounds she made when she came riding my face. I played this scenario over and over again in my head. I replayed worshipping her breasts and the feeling of leaning against her warm body. Her hand pressed against his stomach as she frigged herself to climax. Then I starting thinking of new fantasies. I imagined what she would taste like, sitting on my face again, but this time, she was fucking her pussy with my outstretched tongue. I found I was unconsciously pinching and rolling my nipples between my fingers. The sensation was pleasant, but not intense enough that it was going to cause me to cum.

KNOCK KNOCK

A rap on the door snapped me out of my internal fantasies, and my hand shot up and grabbed the door knob. Before opening the door, I took a deep breath, and stood, peeking out the peep hole. Mistress stood staring back at me. I dropped to my knees, and opened the door.

I had seen what she was wearing through the peep hole, so while I could only see her ankle high boots and fishnet stockings now, I knew she was dressed in a tight miniskirt that hid nothing of her shapely hips and ass. On top, a bustier or corset mostly hidden beneath a well worn jean jacket.

"Good afternoon Mistress, thank you for allowing me to serve," I greeted her. With that, she walked past me, and I closed the door, confident that she was alone.

"Good afternoon, my pet. I like what you've done to my apartment. The flowers are a nice touch, and seeing it with more light is refreshing. Come attend to me over on the couch," she ordered. I crawled to her, and knelt between her legs as she sat on the coach.

"Now, first things first. Open your mouth," she ordered. I opened my mouth, unsure of what she was going to do. She pulled something from her jacket pocket, and then sat forward.

"Stick out your tongue." I did. She reached forward and placed something on my tongue. "OK Close your mouth and suck on that. Do not spit it out. Swallow it all." Fear shot through me. Was she drugging me? What had I done? Whatever she had placed in my mouth, it was was soft and it began to melt on my tongue. My fear must have been on my face. "You don't trust your Mistress? Don't worry my pet. This won't hurt you, and its not some illegal drug, just your vitamin V. I have my needs, and you must be prepared properly to serve me," she reassured me. I felt better in a weird way, but some doubt still raged on in my mind. It didn't taste like much. A little medicinal, but I felt no ill effect. It was gone in a minute, and nothing remained in my mouth. I didn't know what drug I had just taken, and I prayed that I wasn't going to become her strung out slave. I already knew that she alone was a drug that I was already addicted to. My mind raced through the alphabet, E was for ecstasy, what was V?

She lifted one foot to me, and I unbuckled her boots, and removed it. I removed the other, and then she lifted on stockinged foot to me, and I knew she wanted me to massage her foot. I worked her feet like I had before, guided by the sounds she made. I eventually began to lick her soles and her toes which seemed to please her judging from her responses. After a good 20 minutes of massaging her feet, she put her feet on the floor and stood before me. By now, I was feeling a little flush. Maybe that drug was starting to have an effect on me, but I still didn't know what. I felt lucid. I had never gotten high on anything, but I was sure that whatever I was now, it wasn't high.

"Remove my skirt, pet," she said like she was asking someone to hand her a magazine. She turned sideways to me, and I saw the zipper that ran from her waist down her hip on the skirt. I unzipped it carefully, and the tight skirt peeled off of her hips and fell to her feet. She stepped out of it, and at the same time, shrugged out of her jean jacket. Then she turned away from me. Her ass was just inches from my face. She wore a thong and thigh high fishnet stockings. Her top turned out to be a corset. The back was criss-crossed with lacing.

"Untie me, pet," she ordered. As I reached for the laces, I saw that my hands were shaking just a bit. Nervous excitement was getting the best of me. I knew that once the corset was removed, she would be practically naked. It took a little bit of effort, but I was able to loosen the knots on the lacing, then unhook the laces from the corset. When I had, it stayed in place for a moment. Mistress had her hands, holding it from the front. When the laces fell away, she gently lifted it from her body, and placed it gently on the couch. She stood, back to me, naked except for the stockings and the thong. We were practically dressed the same except I had on a garter, and I was wearing bikini panties, not a thong.

When she turned to face me, she had her arms crossed in front of her, so I could not see her breasts. She smiled down at me with a wicked grin.

"Pet, I must admit, I'm feeling a bit naughty today, and I think you are going to reap the benefits," she purred. My cock was already swollen and rock hard, and I felt my heart pounding in my chest. She walked to the center of the room, turned to me, and pointed at the floor at her feet. I quickly moved to where she indicated. "Lay down on your back, my dirty little slut," she commanded in a lascivious tone. I lay down, looking up at her beautiful body. She still stood, arms across her breasts, looking down at me. She stepped over my head and squatted so that her thong covered pussy was hovering over my mouth. As I looked up between her legs, I could see her peering down at me hungrily. She scooted forward just a bit, released her breasts, and with one hand, leaned on my forehead, and with the other, she slid her thong to the side revealing her rosebud. Then, she lowered herself to my mouth.

I reached for her with my tongue. She stopped when she was just close enough to me so that I could flutter my tongue on her anus. I couldn't move my head since she was holding my forehead down. She shifted, moving first one, then the other leg so that she was on her knees, rather than her feet, and she sank deeper onto my mouth and tongue. My nose was pushed against the fabric of her thong. I could smell her arousal. She was wet, and I was overwhelmed by her scent. It was intoxicating. I licked harder, sucking with my lips and mouth. Unlike the last time she had done this to me, she was sitting facing me, and my hands were not tied. I found the view even more enjoyable as I was looking up her body instead of being beneath her skirt. I could see her breasts swaying as she rocked her body, riding my tongue.

I didn't know what to do with my hands. I want to reach up and wrap them around her, hold her to me, caress her. She looked down at me, and she somehow knew what I was thinking.

"Mmm...you want to touch me, pet? I know you do," she cooed. She let go of my head, her weight on her legs and knees. She leaned back, and took my hands in hers. She pulled them up and wrapped then around her waist so that my hands came to rest on her abdomen. She was warm, and her skin was soft. She kept her hands over mine. Her small hands didn't come close to covering mine, but just her touch was enough to control me. She continued like this for some time. I was able to push my tongue into her ass as she relaxed more, and I knew she was enjoying herself. I could feel her wetness on my nose and my face. Her thong was soaked with her juices.

She took one hand, and pulled my hand up toward her breast. She stopped when my hand was resting just beneath her breast. I was so close, and I wanted so much to touch her breast, feel its soft supple fullness. She left my hand there, and then with her hand, reached between her legs. She pulled her thong aside further, exposing her wet, swollen pussy lips. She shifted her hips, and suddenly my mouth was filled with her moistness. Her lips were on my lips. Her sweetness flooded my mouth, and I pushed my tongue inside her pussy. She cried out, and I knew she was near climax. She moved my other hand close to her breast, and then with both hands, she was pulling her pussy lips wide so that I could plunge my tongue deep within her. Her taste was like water to a man in the desert. I couldn't get enough of it, and I sucked and licked at her furiously. As my intensity increased, so did the her moans and cries of ecstasy. Then, she was cumming. Her body folded forward, convulsing. Her wetness seemed to open up as my mouth was filled with her honey. I drank of her, and I felt overwhelmed with satisfaction. She cried out, and I knew she was riding waves pleasure as her orgasm engulfed her.

As she seemed to be coming down from her orgasm, she rolled her hips again, and moved her clit into my mouth. I sucked on it greedily. I rolled my tongue over her clit, and sucked on it. Mistress cried out again, louder, and I knew she was cumming again. She grabbed my hands, and pulled them onto her breasts, using her fingers to push my fingers to squeeze her nipples. I pinched them, and she pinched harder still. Her body was practically vibrating. I kept licking her clit and sucking it in and out of my mouth. As she came down from her second climax, she slid down my body until her lips were hovering over mine. Our breathing was heavy, and she looked directly into my eyes. Her piercing gaze even more intense so close up. Then she kissed me, hard and with passion. Her tongue invaded my mouth, and I was kissing back. My arms were wrapped around her tiny frame, pulling her against me. She rubbed her pussy over my rock hard satin covered cock, sliding up and down.

I was lost in her. My senses and my being were hers. I only knew the feeling of her body against mine, her lips on mine, our tongues dancing. Her hot sex rubbing lewdly over my cock. I felt her reach her hand between us toward her pussy. Then I felt her push my panties down, and she grabbed my cock. With one smooth motion, I felt her sink her pussy onto my cock, and I slid inside her. She pushed herself down, burying me fully inside her. She broke the kiss, and pushed herself up, hovering over me face. Her hands pushing down on my chest, pressing me to the floor. Her pussy clamped down on me, hot and wet.

"I'm going to fuck you, and you will not cum unless I say so," she said, her voice ragged with her excitement. Her fingers twisted and pinched my nipples painfully, sending jolts like electricity to my groin. She started to roll her hips, riding my cock. She looked into my eyes, locking my gaze so that I could do nothing but look back into her eyes. Her hips undulated, forcing my cock deeper into her pussy, pushing me in then out. She was using me like a dildo, riding me for her own pleasure.

"Mmmm pet, your cock is so nice and hard. I'm glad you took your vitamins. I'm going to ride you like you've never been ridden before. If you are good, I might even let you cum," she purred. I was lost in her spell, and barely processing what she had to say. My world had shrunken to her hot wet pussy clamping down on my rigid cock. Waves of pleasure shot through me as she rode me, gyrating on me and pinching my nipples relentlessly. Soon, she was having another orgasm. I could feel her pussy vibrating on my cock. She collapsed onto me, my still hard cock buried inside her. She kissed me again. My entire body was enveloped in her embrace. Soon, she was moving her hips again, gently rolling them so my cock was sliding in and out of her wetness. I could feel her hand sliding between us. She was playing with her clit as she continued to kiss me. She licked my lips, then kissed along my jaw line, burying her face in my neck. Then I felt her lips on my ear. Her breath hot.

"Pet, are you enjoying the ride? Its been over a week, and no cummies for you? Wouldn't you just love to cum for me now?" she whispered into my ear.

"Oh, yes Mistress, may I cum?" I begged.

"Mmmm...Mistress is pleased with you. You may cum if you can my dirty little slut. Fill me with your hot seed," she said with a wickedness that told me she knew something I didn't. I felt her take my hands, and wrap them around her, and placing them on her ass cheeks. "This will give you something to hold onto. Now, fuck me hard, and fill me my pet." She rolled, and I rolled with her. My cock was still buried deep within her, and my hands were under her ass lifting her pelvis off the floor just enough. She wrapped her legs around me, and pulled me to her. She took her hands, and held me face for a moment, smiled wickedly at me, then as she pulled me in for a kiss, I heard her say, "cum if you can."

Her lips sucked me in, her tongue invaded my mouth, and I began to piston my rock hard cock into her hot wet pussy. I fucked her with abandon. No holding back. I didn't hold back, try to last, or be gentle. She had told me to fuck her hard, and that's what I did. She broke the kiss, and pulled my face forward. She bit my ear lobe. Not too hard, but enough. As I fucked her, my animal fucking grew in intensity pushed forward by her moans and cries of pure pleasure.

My mind was no longer coherent. I only heard her, and felt her heat. I only knew that I wanted to fuck her and to reach my climax. It had been over a week of her teasing. I knew she climaxed again, but I never slowed. Her orgasm just pushed me forward to fuck her harder and faster. My hands gripped her ass, pulling her to me, rolling her hips so that I could push deeper inside her. By now, she had moved her legs so that her knees were to her chest, ankles looped over my shoulders and crossed behind my neck.

She came again. She cried out in my ear. I was in complete lust. She whispered again into my ear, "Mmmm...pet, you fuck like a bull, but if you didn't want to cum, why didn't you tell me?" Confusion worked its way through me. I started to slow my thrusting, and I realized that I had never fucked so hard and so long. She giggled in my ear. "Don't worry my pet, you will cum, but you'll have to work harder. Vitamin V has its effects on healthy men like you. Remember, you are here for my pleasure."

I stopped my thrusting altogether, and raised myself up so I could see her face. She had a look of total satisfaction — post sexual bliss and total domination. My mind cleared in that instant. V was for Viagra. Somehow she had gotten ahold of Viagra, and that's what she had drugged me with. My cock was still rock hard, and I realized it was probably going to stay this way for quite some time.

She unhooked her ankles, and adjusted her position to a more traditional missionary. Looking up at me, she winked, "Yes my pet, you are my fuck toy for the next couple hours. If you work hard enough, you may cum. But in a young healthy man like you, you may not. But, I am not so sadistic as to deny you your orgasm, so my offer stands. Fuck me silly, and cum at will," she challenged. "Let's move to your bedroom. I think it will be more comfortable, don't you think?"

I was dumbfounded with this new realization. On one hand, it was cruel, and she had drugged me. On the other hand, she had given me a gift. I could fuck her, young, hot, and tight, with no limits. I rolled to my side, allowing her to get up. She stood, turned away from me toward the bedroom, hooked her fingers under the straps of her thong, and pushed them over her hips, allowing the thong to fall to her ankles. She stepped out of it, and walked to the bedroom. As I got up to follow, I heard her call from the bedroom, "Bring the thong, my pet, I think you'll enjoy tasting it."

Teacher's Pet? Ch. 04
byssnatch©

In a haze of realization and total lust, I picked up her thong, and without prompting, I held it to my face. Entering the bedroom, Mistress was laying on the bed, legs spread, and fingers playing with her pussy lips. She gave me the come hither finger curl, and smiled at me. I climbed onto the bed, and she moved over, and had me lay on my back.

"Now, let's save that thong for later. Right now, I can give you the real thing," she said, taking the thong from me. She turned around, swung a leg over my head, and lowered her pussy to my face. She was facing toward my feet this time, and I felt her begin to kiss my abdomen lightly as her pussy came to rest on my mouth. I sucked her lips into my mouth, and pushed my tongue into her pussy. Her kisses kept getting closer to my cock. She had her hands wrapped around my shaft, and she was slowly and deliberately stroking my shaft, squeezing my head on each up and down stroke. I moved my attention to her clit, and I heard her moan in time to my tongue.

I began to suck on her clit, and as I did so, I felt her mouth, warm and wet on my cock head. She sucked my head while her hands kept jacking my shaft. I sucked harder on her clit, and she sucked harder on my head. I licked her clit, and she licked my head. I quickly learned her game, and reveled in the feeling that I was sucking my own cock. She matched my movements perfectly. I reached a hand between her legs, and pushed a finger inside her. As I was doing do, I felt her push a finger inside my ass. She continued mirroring my attentions. Finger fucking myself and sucking my cock in this way, I tried to bring myself to climax, but couldn't get myself there. She sensed my frustration, and sat up, and swiveled herself to face me again.

"What's wrong my pet? I thought you would like being eternally hard? Hmm? Well, if you are not going to cum, then I'm going to," she cooed. She slid down, and mounted me again. She sat up, straddling me, looking me in the eyes. She took her discarded thong, and fit it over my head so that the crotch covered my nose and mouth. I sucked it into my mouth, tasting her. Her hands pinched her nipples while she gyrated her hips, using my cock to massage her pussy. "Rub my clit for me," she ordered. I reached a hand to her pussy, and used my thumb to rub circles around and over her clit. She purred her approval, and began to roll her hips so that she trapped my thumb between us, using her weight to grind her clit into my thumb. Her hands fell to my chest, grabbing onto me, digging her nails into me. Her breathing became more ragged, and she worked herself this way until she was again engulfed by another orgasm. Without stopping, she began to ride up and down on my cock. Her ass slamming down onto my thighs.

She rode me like this for what felt like forever. Slowly, I felt my balls begin to boil. My climax was creeping closer. Sweat was dripping from her as she fucked me, and fucked herself to another orgasm. Her cries of ecstasy filled the room, and there was no doubt that she was cumming. When she came down from her orgasm, she collapsed again onto my chest, breathing hard. Her hot sweat soaked body against mine.

"Slut, you will do as I order," she gasped, "and I want you to fuck me until you cum inside me. You will fill me with your hot seed." Then she pushed away the thong, and kissed me again, hard. I reached around her, grabbing her ass, and I rolled over on top of her. I grabbed a pillow, and pushed it under her hips, and thrust deeply. I lay on top of Mistress, her legs wrapped around my waist, ankles locking me to her. I pushed my arms beneath her, wrapping around her tiny waist, and holding her against me. My cock thrust into her pussy. Our entire bodies were connected. We kissed, and I fucked her. I became lost in the feel of her against my body, and I focused my thoughts on the warm wetness that enveloped my cock. I don't know how long I fucked her, but I did cum. When it hit me, I know I screamed out, but it was only because I heard myself. My cum shot into her in long hot streams. I kept thrusting, waiting for my cock to soften, but it didn't. My cock became hyper sensitive, and I had to pull out. But, Mistress pulled me back with her legs.

"Did I say you were done?"

"Mistress, please, I cannot. It is too sensitive," I stammered as she thrust her hips against me, sending electric bolts of sensation through my cock.

"On your back, slut," she ordered. I tried to pull out of her to roll on my back, but she rolled with me instead, never letting me slip from her pussy. She ended up straddling me again, and began to ride me. I shook uncontrollably as she thrust herself onto my still rigid cock. If it there is such thing as too good, this was it. She picked up her pace, and my cock felt like it was at that precipice of climax. That glorious feeling of climax, but when it doesn't stop, it is too much, and I screamed in protest.

"Mistress, please, stop, please I beg you," I begged.

She slowed, and fixed her dark eyes on mine. "If I stop," and she stopped, "then you will do as I say without question," and she thrust herself upon me again.

"Yes, Mistress, of course, anything," I pleaded.

She raised herself up again, "Good," and she started to drop again, then stopped, and gave me her wicked devilish grin. She climbed forward, up my body, and straddled my face again. I stared up at her swollen lips. Her juices and my cum mixed together covered them, and I could see more beginning to trickle out of her pussy. I felt her grab my cock with her hand, and squeeze it, and pull. As the ring of her fingers and thumb crowned my head, my cock involuntarily convulsed again, still too sensitive, and I felt a little more cum push its way out of me.

She brought her hand to my face. It was covered in my cum and her juices.

"Pet, it pleases me to see you eat your cum, lick it clean from my hand," she purred. I opened my mouth, and she pushed her fingers into my mouth. I sucked them, licking them clean. I took each finger in turn, then licked her palm, and anywhere else that she offered. I didn't really think about eating my own cum so much as serving her. It pleased her. The taste of my cum was sweeter than I expected. Mixed with her juices, I relished the flavor.

"Good, you like that don't you? Well, for pleasing me, you may have more," she praised me and rewarded me by lowering her cum filled pussy to my face. I opened my mouth, and pushed my tongue inside her to draw out the nectar that was my cum and her juices mixed. Somehow, it felt right to be sucking this elixir from her pussy. Everything about it made me feel good, and as such, the taste was like honey to me. Laying beneath her, helpless and unable to resist her as she sat on my face, I had the same warmth that I felt when she praised me, but better. I licked and sucked on her, coaxing more and more of my cum from her. I truly had cum more than I could believe possible as mouthful after mouthful of warm cum flowed into my mouth. Mistress rolled her hips, and moved her clit into my mouth. I sucked on it, licking it in the way that I knew she liked. I could hear her moaning in approval. Soon, she was cumming again, and she pushed her pussy lips back onto my mouth. Her climax forced the final drops of cum from her pussy and into my mouth.

She slid off of my face, and back down my body. She took her thong, and used it to wipe my face. She smiled down at me, and I felt a warm feeling in my face and chest. She was so pleased, and it made me feel so good. She reached behind her, and took my cock in her hand, guiding it back into her pussy. Fortunately, I was no longer over-sensitized. She rode me sensuously for what must have been another half hour. She kissed me, licked my nipples, and just smiled and looked into my eyes. I marveled at how hard I remained. She brought herself to one more climax. This one softer, but she looked no less satisfied. She lay down on me again, kissing me deeply. I felt her shifting her weight, and she climbed off of me. She got on her hands and knees.

"Fuck me from behind. Be good my pet, remember who's in charge," she purred. She took a couple pillows, and pushed them beneath her pelvis, and lay her chest on the bed, her ass in the air. I moved behind her, and spent a few minutes worshiping her ass and pussy with my tongue. Then I pushed myself inside her, slowly. I kept a slow pace, and made sure to take long strokes, pulling my cock almost completely our of her each time. With my hands free, I took the liberty of massaging her ass and lower back while I massaged her pussy with my cock. I didn't think it was possible, but I could feel another climax building. I closed my eyes, and kept thrusting. Mistress's moans and sighs guided me, and soon I felt her fingers on my balls. She tickled them each time I bottomed out in her pussy. I looked, and saw that her other hand was also between her legs. I knew she was playing with her clit.

"Mmmm...pet, I am getting close. I want you to cum with me," she said softly. I started thrusting faster and harder. Mistress continued to encourage me with soft moans and whimpers. I could feel my balls tightening, and I knew I was near climax.

"Mistress, may I cum again?" I asked, knowing I was only a few deep thrusts away.

"Soon, my pet, cum with me, but no sooner," she whispered, and I felt her working her pussy faster. I kept pushing into her, and then she was cumming. "Ooooh, yes, now, cum for me now," she hissed between ragged breaths.

I let go, and my orgasm swept through me. With each thrust, I felt a hot stream of cum shooting into her pussy. I heard her crying out with pleasure, and I too was groaning. I kept pushing into her, and soon I felt my cock softening. When I was too soft, I pulled out of her. She lay in place, breathing hard. Her ass still propped up by the pillows, and I could see my cum leaking from her pussy. Without prompting, I knelt and began to lick her pussy clean.

I heard her purring with approval. When she finally pushed me away, and rolled to her side, she looked at me kneeling at her feet and smiled.

"You have served me well. If you continue to serve me well, I will reward you again like today. You would like that wouldn't you?" she asked with a knowing smile.

I was unable to say anything, but a simple, "Yes, Mistress."

"Excellent. Now, I need a little rest. You may curl up and sleep at my feet while I nap." Without another word, she closed her eyes, and drifted into sleep. I did as she suggested, and lay down at her feet. She felt me there, and pushed her feet into me so that they rested on my stomach. I wrapped my arms and hands around them to keep them warm, and then I too fell asleep.

****

When I awoke, Mistress was still sleeping peacefully. I didn't move so I wouldn't wake her, and simply watched her sleep. I thought about the last month, the last week. I was riding on a train, and I had no idea where it was headed. I could jump off at my own peril, but staying aboard had its advantages. Mistress had certainly taken care of me this week. She had opened my eyes to desires in me that I didn't know were there, or at least had never admitted to myself. It could certainly be the fact that I was laying at the feet of a beautiful, naked 18 year-old woman who had drawn out the two most intense orgasms of my life, but somehow, I knew that there was more to this. I felt good about where I was, laying at her feet. I felt grounded, and I felt I had purpose. I wasn't saving the planet by serving her, but somehow, it was enough. Its not like I was going to stop teaching. That certainly also had its noble-save-the-world benefits to it as well.

I had been watching Mistress sleeping peacefully and thinking for about 10 minutes when she stirred, and opened her eyes. She looked at me and smiled.

"Mmmm...I feel much better, pet. We should get cleaned up, then, you are taking me out for dinner," she said. "Get the shower ready for me. I like it rather hot, and I'll need two towels. When you are done washing me, you may clean up yourself."

I got the shower running, and brought a few towels. Mistress stepped into the bathroom just as I was going to tell her that things were ready for her. She put her hand into the water, and smiled at me, then stepped into the shower. She let the water cascade over her breasts, and turned to look at me.

"Pet, you can't wash me from there, now can you?" she asked, giggling at me. She could see I was starting to get hard again. I stepped into the shower with her. She turned to face me, then backed into the water, laying her head back to let the water wet her hair. I stepped closer to her, and ran my hands through her hair. She stepped away from the water, her breasts touching me she was so close, and I felt my cock brushing against her stomach. She reached down, and took it in her hands.

"I'll hold onto this, and make sure you don't get into trouble. Wash my hair, pet. Make sure that the soap doesn't get into my eyes."

I squeezed some shampoo into my hands, then massaged it into her long lustrous hair. Mistress took some of the soapy bubbles from her hair, and used it to lubricate my cock, stroking me while I washed her hair. Looking into her eyes, I could tell she was amused by the distraction she was offering me. When I had her hair nice and lathered, I held her neck as she lay her head back into the hot streams of water, using my other hand to rinse the shampoo from her hair. While I did this, it occurred to me that I needed to find out what kind of shampoo and conditioner she preferred.

When her hair was rinsed, Mistress handed me the soap. I used my hands to soap up her entire body. After helping her rinse the soap from her skin, she took my face in her hands, and pulled me to her for a kiss. She kissed me slowly and softly. Then released me, and stepped out of the shower.

"Finish up, and get ready for dinner. You are taking me to a nice restaurant tonight," she said as she wrapped her hair in one of the towels. I finished my own shower, making sure to use the special cleanser on my newly waxed areas. When I had finished my bathroom routine, I found Mistress in my bedroom, already dressed. Her perfume permeated the room, and my cock twitched again. She was dressed in a understated, but sexy black dress that showed off her figure. The back of the dress was low cut enough, that I knew she wasn't wearing a bra. Given what I had learned, I suspected she may not have been wearing anything except that dress and her perfume. The dress ended mid-thigh, and her black high heeled boots ended at the top of her calves.

"Mistress, I hope you don't mind me saying, you look incredible," I said, meaning it.

"Ooh, aren't you sweet my pet. A Mistress never tires of compliments," she said. "I've chosen your lingerie for you, and I found some nice slacks and a sports coat in your closet. That will do for tonight, but you may need to invest in some new clothing. First, however, kneel," she continued, pointing at the floor in front of her. Still naked from the shower, I knelt in front of her. She walked around me, and from behind me, she wrapped something around my neck. It was soft and warm, and I could smell the scent of leather. It jingled as she closed it tight around my neck. Without thinking, I reached up to touch it.

"Go ahead, my pet. You may touch it. Get used to it. This is your collar, and you will wear it from now on when we are together. It is a symbol of your submission and service to me. You do not have to wear it at school, but here and when we are out together, you will wear it. Remove it, and your service ends, but you know the consequences of the action," she instructed me.

The collar was about an inch and quarter wide and made of a soft leather. It had a standard belt-like clasp in the back, and in the front, a metal fixture was attached to the collar, and a ring was attached that jingled as it moved. I was both scared, but also somehow excited by it. If anyone I knew saw me in the collar, especially with Mistress, I knew I would have a very hard time explaining it. On the other hand, giving myself to her, my submission as she said, hit me in the core. It touched that sense of purpose that I had felt and thought about while watching her sleep. Mistress had come around to stand in front of me again. I looked up at her and smiled.

"Thank you Mistress. I don't know what to say, but it makes me feel good somehow. Thank you."

She smiled down at me, "Good my pet, now, get dressed. We have a drive before we get to dinner."

*****

It took us a little over an hour to get to the far side of Adamsville, the same town where she had brought me for my waxing appointment. I was relieved to be so far from home. I didn't know anyone who lived in Adamsville, and I didn't think anyone from home would drive so far for dinner. The restaurant was a nice quiet romantic restaurant. The hostess greeted us, and I could tell she was trying not so look at my collar. I felt my face flushing, and I tried to just keep breathing. Mistress stepped forward, and gave her my name. The hostess found our reservation, and led us to a booth. I kept my eyes down, watching Mistress's legs mostly to avoid making eye contact with any of the other diners. I could tell they were all looking at us...looking at me with my collar.

When our waitress came to the table, she took one look at me, and turned to Mistress, addressing her.

"Can I get you anything from the bar tonight?" she asked politely.

"Oh, nothing for the bar tonight, thank you. Could you tell me what tonight's specials are?" Mistress asked.

The waitress described the specials, and Mistress then ordered for both of us. When the waitress left to place the order, Mistress turned to me.

"How do you feel? Does your collar make you feel embarrassed?" she asked.

"Yes, Mistress, it does."

"That will pass one day. I must admit to you, I like to see you squirm. Our waitress is quick. Did you see that she knew to address me, and not you? The collar has meaning to you and I, but it also tells the informed that you are mine. With your submission to me, your service, I also take on a responsibility. I am charged with caring for your needs. Just as I ordered your dinner, made these reservations, even set up your waxing appointment, I am responsible for making sure that your needs are met. You are not so helpless that I need to make sure you feed yourself or do your laundry, but you will come to rely on me in your service to me."

I listened to Mistress speak, and I tried to keep up with what she was saying. I had not considered her point of view. There was a certain amount of freedom that I gained by giving up my freedom to her. I was free to allow her to make certain decisions for me. I wasn't sure it added up mathematically, but it did balance more than I expected. It was less of an inequality, and it had more of a special equality to it all.

"I think I understand, Mistress. I will think on this more, but I think I like it."

Dinner arrived shortly, and Mistress continued to lead our conversation. The food was quite good, and Mistress's choices for entree were well-chosen. I learned that she had lived in many places, her family moving often. Her father was in the military, and he was an officer. She attributed her dominant side to her father. To myself, I thought perhaps her father was part drill sergeant, but I suppressed the thought. When the check arrived, I was unsure how to proceed. Normally, I would pay, but now, I was unsure if that was too presumptuous of me. On the other hand, I did not want to insult Mistress by not offering to pay for our dinner. I looked to her, and she saw the apprehension on my face.

"Ah, good my pet, you are coming along so well. You do not know what to do with the check? You are asking yourself if you should pay or if that is just an assumption based on a male-dominated world? I am glad to see that you are thinking, and I am glad that you are confused by this. It is a sign that you understand more than you think, and that you are thinking of me and my feelings first. You may pay for this meal. In time, you will learn when it is appropriate for you to pay, and when you should leave it to me," she instructed me.

I marveled at her confidence. Just 18, but she seemed so self-assured, and so mature. I wondered if being a military brat had forced her to grow up faster or if she was just that smart. I put down my credit card, and then it also occurred to me that if her officer of a father ever learned about what we were doing together, that displeasing Mistress was the least of my troubles. My realization must have shown on my face.

"What's wrong my pet?" she asked.

"Ah, Mistress, where do your parents think you are right now?" I asked.

"Oh, don't you worry about them. My father is overseas, and my mother...well, let's just say that I have her under control," she answered, and smiled at me. I knew better than to ask more questions. The waitress returned my credit card with the receipt. I added a generous tip, and signed it. Mistress was already standing, and I quickly followed her out of the restaurant. We drove back to my apartment, and when we arrived, she turned to me in the car as I turned off the engine.

"Pet, you have done well today. Tomorrow, you may have the day to yourself. Remember to wear your special lingerie for me, everyday. As winter approaches, you'll come to appreciate the extra warmth that the stockings provide. Next week, we will visit the store together, and we will choose more lingerie for you with the gift certificate. Now, for your homework, I want you to stroke yourself each night, and think of me. I want you to bring yourself to the verge of climax, but do not let yourself cum. You will teach yourself to control your orgasms. Someday, perhaps you will not need your vitamins to truly please me. Keep your collar on whenever you are in your apartment. I will allow you carry it in your bag to school, but not wear it. Instead, you will wear this in school," she said, handing me a necklace made from a leather string, no thicker than a boot lace, with 5 black beads. I looked at them, and I could see that painted on the beads in black were the letters M-Y-P-E-T. I could only see them if I looked very carefully, and mostly by letting the light reflect off of the beads to see where there was no reflection. It was similar to a style that many of the boys and girls were wearing. They were readily available in the downtown shops.

"Thank you, Mistress. I will wear this for you," I said. I felt myself going flush. I knew that no one would really be able to read or even see the letters, but I also knew that it would be noticed as no one of my age wore this type of necklace. The kids would ask about it. I would need a story.

Mistress looked at me, holding me with her piercing gaze, then reached her hand around my neck, and drew me to her. She kissed me softly.

"Good night my pet," she whispered, and got out of the car. I watched her walk away from the car, down the street and turn the corner. I realized I had no idea how she got to my apartment, nor where she lived. I went into my apartment, and sat on the couch. I felt oddly lonely suddenly. Feeling restless in my solitude, I got up again, and went to the bedroom to get undressed. I stripped down to my lingerie, did my night time routine, and lay on the bed. I had homework to do, and I wasn't going to fall behind on my first night.

Monday morning started with a rush of adrenaline. I had spent the rest of the weekend wearing my collar, that I had grown accustomed to it, and it was oddly comforting. I thought it was going to bother me to have something around my neck. But, the leather was soft, and it didn't chafe. The sound of the ring clinking as I moved was soothing as it reminded me that I was serving Mistress, and it gave me that warm sensation of purpose and place. All this, in that short period of time got me into a state of comfort that I walked out of my apartment door, and all the way to my car when I saw myself in reflected on the driver's side door window as I was opening the door. I suddenly realized that I was about to drive to school, and I was still wearing the collar. I had simply put it back on after I showered in the morning, and worse, walking to my car, I had passed two other residents of the apartment complex. I tried to remember if they had noticed, but I hadn't been paying attention as I had been reading the paper while I had been walking, so I mostly just said casual good mornings, but never really made eye contact.

I quickly ducked into the car, and took off the collar. My heart was racing, and I my face was hot. I turned on the car, and turned the air conditioning on high just to cool myself. I stuffed the collar into my bag, and fished out my "day" collar. I looked again at the black beads with their black lettering, "MYPET". I took a few moments to put it on, struggling both because I was not good with the clasp, and because my hands were shaking from the adrenaline that shot through my blood stream from my realization at the car door. When I got it clasped, I looked at myself in the mirror. It hung on my neck, visible through the gap between made by my unbuttoned collar. I couldn't wear a tie because it would cover it, and I knew that Mistress would not be happy if I hid it. I also wanted people to see it, even though I was afraid people would see it. Something in me wanted to "live on the edge" and share my servitude publicly without disclosing the details. Fortunately, many of the male teachers did not wear ties, and it was not a requirement in this school.

When I arrived at school, it took a few minutes before anyone made any note of my new jewelry, and it was Sarah the English teacher. I was getting my mail from the faculty room, when she stopped by to get hers.

"Good morning Geoff, did your-- well, well, what do we have here? Are you sure you didn't have a hot date this weekend?" she teased. I felt my face getting warm.

"Ah, er...no really, I just saw it this weekend, and bought it on a whim....Do I look younger now?" I smiled weakly.

"Um...I don't know. Well, tell me how that works out for you, hehe," she laughed. I could tell she knew that the kids would be merciless. If I were maybe 5-7 years younger, I could probably pull it off, but I was in the wrong decade of my life to wear it well. I made it to my classroom without a comment or even a sideways look that I noticed. Monday mornings kids were not paying attention to teachers in the hallways. When class started, I felt like everyone was staring at it. More likely, most of the sleepy teenagers were just looking toward me, but looking below my face trying to avoid eye contact themselves.

It wasn't until my third class of the day that a student finally said something.

"Dude, what's with the...you know," he said pointing at his own neck and motioning toward me.

"Excuse me, Jeremy? Did you have a question on the homework?" I asked, trying to bring him back to the class.

"Um, no, but why are you wearing those beads, dude? You trying to be cool or something?" he asked. The class erupted into laughter. My face flushed, and I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and then addressed the group. It took a few tried before they had settled down enough for me to be able to be heard over the din.

"Thank you everyone. Jeremy and everyone..." I realized I had not actually thought about what the answer to this question. Not even my run in with Sarah that morning had prompted me to try and come up with a plausible story. "I...I don't think we need to dwell on this. Suffice to say, it was a gift, and the person who gave it to me made me promise to wear it to school everyday. So, here I am." It was the best I could do, and I hoped it would be the end, but I knew better.

"So, like are you going steady now? Do you get to wear his letterman jacket too?" Jeremy kept pushing. The class was now out of control with laughter. I knew I was beet red with embarrassment, but standing behind my lectern, I could also feel my cock twitch which reminded me that I was wearing panties, a garter, and stockings which just made the situation worse as I felt myself swelling. Mistress wasn't even in this class, but I could feel her in the laughter from the kids, and through the silky fabric of the panties and stockings as they rubbed against my skin and against the fabric of my pants.

"OK...OK....that's enough fun for today. Let's get back to the homework assignment, OK?" I tried to regain control of class, but I knew it wouldn't be easy. It took a few more tries, but the kids did settle down, and we managed to finish the review of the homework. When the bell rang, and the kids made their way out of the room, I saw a few boys and even some of the girls giving Jeremy high fives. It was lunch period, and I was pulling together some papers when I heard the tell tale clicking of Mistress's heels in my classroom. I looked up and saw her smiling at me.

"Hi my pet. I hear Jeremy scored some points in class today?" she smirked. "Don't you worry. I am proud of you for not losing your cool, and for following my orders. It pleases me that you are getting so good at obeying me." I kept watch on the doorway to make sure no one else was going to interrupt this conversation.

"Yes, Mistress, Jeremy did win some points with his classmates today, and I suppose the story will filter throughout campus before long, but I don't think it will be remembered for too long. I'm sure something else will happen that will become the talk of the student body soon enough."

"I suppose you are right," she mused. By now the hallway outside the door was empty, and I could tell that the students had vacated the area. During lunch, almost no one ever stayed inside the building during the warmer months, opting to eat outside on the lawns. Mistress approached me, and stepped up next to me. She reached for me, looping two fingers around the waist and belt of my pants, and pulled. She peered down into my pants. I looked down, and I could see that she had a clear view of my purple panties and matching garter. She let go, looked up and smiled at me.

"Mmmm my pet, you make me so happy," she said and she grabbed my cock and balls through my pants and gave them a quick squeeze. Then she turned around, and walked out of the room. As she exited, I heard her say, "I'll see last period, I have questions about the homework."

I was going to say something, but stopped knowing she wouldn't hear me as she had already disappeared out of site. I looked down, and I could see my cock was now forming a tent in my pants. I sat down, and took a few deep breaths and just read some homework papers to distract myself. Fortunately, it only took a couple minutes, and I was under control again so I could go get my lunch from the faculty room.

When the last period finally rolled around, I had gotten used to the jokes from the kids. I was no less embarrassed by it all, but at least I knew it was coming. Word of Jeremy's antics had spread, but since he had done is thing, no one else seemed to feel the need to really push it in class. Tish took her seat in the front of the room, and she was beaming. I could tell she was enjoying the embarrassment that I was feeling. As we reviewed the homework assignment, Tish raised her hand as I expected she would.

She again began a line of questions that took us through the problem set and beyond. Unlike the last time she did this, she seemed to have prepared for it because the questions got harder and harder. They were all good questions, but were you strip away all the words, what was left was "why". It was like talking to a 3 year old who just keeps asking "why?" to each answer except that Tish clearly knew the answers, so she phrased her questions in such a way that it all sounded very normal, and wasn't at all annoying. Nonetheless, I was having a hard time coming up with answers that both the kids would understand, and that I could defend. I didn't want to just say, "Because I said so."

The rest of the class enjoyed watching Tish make me dance around the room like I was on a string. Never before had I so fully appreciated the phrase, "Saved by the bell." The kids cleared out in their usual fashion, and some even gave Tish high fives as they walked past her. I realized that it wasn't just that she had me so flustered trying to answer questions, but I had completely forgotten to go over new material or to assign homework.

"Well, you did well today. You're pretty good with this math stuff, I guess that's why you are the teacher," she said with a knowing smile. "Tomorrow, I want you to wear a thong for me."

"Yes, Mistress," I answered.

"On Wednesday, I'd like to take you shopping again. Plan on it after school, I will meet you at your apartment at 4 o' clock. In the meantime, don't forget your homework assignment."

"Yes, Mistress, I will plan for a shopping trip for Wednesday. I have been doing my homework each night."

"Good. Now, I have other business to attend to." She stood, and walked out of the room. I watched her hips and ass sway as she strutted from the room.

***

The following day was generally uneventful except for the fact that I had a permanent wedgie. Wearing a thong takes some getting used to. On one hand, knowing that there was nothing between my ass cheeks the world except my pants made me feel exposed. Although, I also rationally knew that you couldn't tell by looking at me. Feeling the thong between my ass cheeks was a constant reminder of my servitude, and I was semi-hard most of the day. It was distracting enough that I hardly noticed the stockings and garter.

Mistress showed up in my room again at lunch to check on me. She again dropped a pencil and asked me to retrieve it. Knowing the ruse, I bent over, showing her my ass as I did so. I felt her hands on my ass, feeling for the edges of the thong.

"Good my pet. Do you like the way it feels?" she asked.

"Um...its not entirely uncomfortable, but I have to fight the urge to try and pull the thong out to relieve the wedgie feeling," I answered, looking at her feet, too embarrassed to look at her.

"Hmm...you'll get used to that. Just think of that mild tickling as me and you'll grow to like it."

"Yes, Mistress, I think I am already growing to like it in more ways than one," I admitted. Somehow, I couldn't keep things from her, although I spoke in almost a whisper.

"I will see you in class my pet, and then we will go shopping," she said with obvious excitement in her voice. And then, I saw her feet turn, and walk away. I looked up to watch her from behind. Today she wore a simple black t-shirt that hugged her thin waist, and black pencil skirt. Her boots had thick platform soles, and buckles that reached up to her knees. I felt my cock twitching with anticipation of our afternoon together.

***

I got home as quickly as I could after school, and stripped to my lingerie and swapped my beaded necklace for my collar. It was almost 4 pm. I stared at myself in the mirror, marveling at how I had gotten here, but regretting nothing. The front of my pink thong has a spot of wetness as precum had been leaking from me all day. I put my clothes on the bed, knowing that I'd need to put them back on, but my doorway greeting demanded that I do so in my lingerie.

When the knock on the door came, I was already kneeling at the door, and I saw on the clock it was exactly 4 pm. I tempted fate, and opened the door without looking through the peep hole. I saw Mistress's boots.

"Good afternoon Mistress, thank you for allowing me to serve," I greeted her as she walked past me. A quick peek out the door confirmed she was alone, and I closed the door.

"Good afternoon my pet. Come here and stand. I want to see your sexy thong."

I stood and walked to her. She smiled, and walked a slow circle around me. I felt her fingers touching me, drawing lines on me as she circled me. She brushed her fingers over my cock and balls, then tweaked my nipples. Standing directly in front of me, she stepped close to me, and tilted my head down to hers. Her lips were almost touching mine. I resisted leaning forward to kiss her as much as I wanted to.

"You are my sexy little pet, aren't you. I think we need to get you something to wear to sleep. I want you feeling sexy all night long like the little slut that you are. Don't you think that's a good idea?" she asked, her lips just barely brushing against mine. When she finished her question, she flicked her tongue over my lips teasing me.

"Ahh...yes Mistress, I like that idea very much," I answered in a hoarse voice. My cock was rigid, and my entire being was screaming to touch her and to be touched by her. I felt her reach around me, and hook her fingers under the thong at my hips. She gently tugged on the thong, forcing it to pull tighter on my cock and balls and tighter between my legs.

"Good. Now, go get dressed, but leave the collar on. We are going shopping," she purred. As I turned to go to the bedroom, she spanked my ass hard, and I heard her giggle.

***

We drove out of town again to the same shopping mall where I had shopped before. When we walked through the mall, I kept my eyes down, watching Mistress's feet as I trailed her by about a step. She led me directly to the Victoria's Secret store. When we entered the store, she made her way toward the register, and I heard her address the sales clerk.

"Hi, I think we could use some help," she said. I looked up, and saw that she was talking to the same sales clerk that had helped me. She looked at me, and gave me a knowing smile and a wink.

"Of course, what can I do to help? My name is Tanya, and I remember your friend. I do hope he's enjoying his purchases," she said to Tish.

"Oh yes, I think he has enjoyed them very much," Mistress assured her. Mistress leaned forward and whispered something to Tanya, but I could not hear. I could see Tanya look at me a few times quickly while they conversed, and she smiled and nodded agreeably. The two of them walked toward one corner of the store, and I followed. They were looking at camisoles and baby dolls, pulling them from the rack, considering them, and putting some back, while holding onto some others. Mistress looked to me, and motioned for me to approach.

"Here, my pet. Hold these. I think these may work for you. What do you think?" she asked, holding a camisole up against me to see if it was the right size. I felt my face growing hot as I knew other shoppers in the store surely saw what she was doing. I followed the two around the store as they picked out various pieces, holding them up against me, and then handing some to me, while returning others to the rack. After working our way around the store, Tanya led us to the back of the store.

"Come this way. I can't let you use the dressing rooms because there are other customers here. But, we have our back room here where we keep all the extra inventory. I think we can have you use this space." She led us through a door into a back storage space. It was lined with boxes, and on the other end of the room was large door that clearly led to the outside where a truck could load and unload inventory. "No one will bother you here. I've alerted the rest of the staff," she said as she made her way to the door.

"Tanya, please stay here. We'll need your expertise, won't we my pet?" Mistress asked me.

"Yes, Mistress," I answered, knowing there was no other answer. My face was flushed, and my cock was standing at attention. I knew that my excitement was clearly visible through my pants. Mistress told me to strip down to my lingerie so that we could see how these new pieces looked, and to make sure they were the right sizes.

I kept my eyes on the floor as I took off my clothes.

"Well, those stockings look quite nice on him," Tanya commented as I stood in front of the two women. Tanya handed me a silky camisole to try on. I carefully slipped it over my head, and it slid over my shoulders and down my torso. Mens clothing requires some pulling and such, but the silky fabric simply slid over me, and gravity pulled it down until it hung from my shoulders. Thin spaghetti straps kept it from falling to the floor. The camisole hung to just below my crotch. Looking down, the black silky fabric contrasted with the pink stockings I was wearing.

Mistress and Tanya circled me, touching me here and there, and commenting on how good I looked. I felt my nipples harden as they touched the smooth cool fabric of the camisole. We repeated this process for a number of different styles and colors. By the end, they had separated the choices into two piles, clearly the keepers and the rejects.

"There, that was fun wasn't it my pet?" Mistress asked me. "I think Tanya deserves a special thank you for her help, don't you?"

"Of course Mistress," I answered, not knowing what special thank you I was going to be giving. I looked at Tanya, and she smiled at me, then turned her back to me, and leaned on a pile of boxes. She reached back, and pulled her skirt up, exposing her ass. She wore a thong that framed her ass. Mistress walked over to her, and ran a hand over Tanya's ass, looking at me.

"I think Miss Tanya would like you to lick her ass, my pet."

I was so beyond rationale thought, that it almost seemed completely reasonable to me. I was so hyped up from the last 30 minutes of trying on sexy lingerie, and having the two touch me, and talk about me, that I was ready to explode from sexual frustration. I moved over behind Tanya, and dropped to my knees. Mistress moved the thong out of the way, sliding it to the side, and I leaned forward, tongue extended. She smelled different then Mistress, but no less feminine. She was more musty, and I knew that she had been on her feet all day, working. My tongue pushed between her ass cheeks, and sought out her rosebud. I circled it with my tongue, and use my hands to spread her cheeks apart. I heard her moan in delight and approval. I continued to circle her tight little rosebud for a few minutes, then pushed my tongue against her, trying to fuck her ass with my tongue. By now, Tanya was rubbing her own clit. With her other hand, she reached between her legs, and hooked a finger around the ring on my collar pulling me against her. It didn't take long before I felt her climax. I kept tongue fucking her as best I could, and licking her ass as she rode through her orgasm. As she came down, I kept licking her ass lightly until I felt her release my collar. I stayed on my knees, looking up at her and Mistress. Tanya had turned around, and straightened her skirt. She was flush from her climax, and she and Mistress shared a look. Then Mistress took Tanya's face in her hands, and pulled her into a deep passionate kiss.

I had seen lesbian porn on the Internet, but this was really the first time I had seen two women really kiss. It turned me on more than I could have imagined. They broke their kiss, and both looked at me and smiled.

"Come my pet, get dressed, we have purchases to make," Mistress ordered.

"I work most weekdays until closing, and I close the shop on Thursdays if you ever need more help," Tanya offered to Mistress, a little breathless.

"Thank you, Tanya, I'm sure we'll be back sometime, won't we pet?"

Mistress produced the gift certificate, and we made the purchase. All told, Mistress had chosen 7 different camisoles and nightgowns. All of them were sexy pieces made from silk or satin, and had lace and little bows. The gift certificate was almost enough to cover the bill, and I handed over my credit card to cover the remaining balance. The other sales clerk looked at Tanya with a knowing look. She looked a little jealous as far as I could tell as her eyes moved from Tanya to Mistress to me and back to Tanya. Mistress smiled at her, took the bag with our purchases, and handed it to me to carry.

"Come, my pet, we have to get you home for your beauty rest," she giggled. I followed her out of the store, my cock still forming a tent in my pants.

Teacher's Pet? Ch. 05
byssnatch©

When we returned to my apartment, Mistress had me strip to my lingerie. I was starting to feel almost more comfortable dressed like this than in my regular clothes. I was less restricted, and knowing I was doing do so to serve her made me feel good. It was almost 7 o'clock, and we had not eaten dinner. I got Mistress a glass of wine, and then began to make her dinner. She sat at the dining room table with my copy of her class's textbook, and she was flipping through it. I don't know exactly what she was looking for or reading, but I tried not to dwell on it, and focused on dinner.

I decided to make her a steak. I had it under the broiler while I prepared some vegetables. It didn't take long to prepare, and in 20 minutes, I had her dinner on the table, and I knelt next to her.

"Good, my pet. You are doing so well," she purred as she cut off a piece of the steak. "Mmm...just right. My compliments to the chef."

I felt a warmth in my chest, and my face when she praised my cooking. I noticed her wine glass was nearly empty, so I poured her some more wine, then resumed my position next to her on the floor. Like she had previously, every few bites, she fed me a bite to eat. While she ate, she began to quiz me on some of the topics in the math book. She had found a couple problems that I couldn't even come close to without the aid of a calculator or at least some scratch paper and a pencil.

"Well, my pet. If you can't do these problems, how do you expect your students to do them?" she asked.

"I...um...well...those are problems that we will use a calculator to solve. I can explain how to solve them, but I cannot give you an answer without the calculator," I explained. I didn't think she really expected me to be able to calculate square roots and exponents in my head, but I still feared that somehow, she was going to punish me for my failure.

"I do hope that you don't struggle so much when you are in front of the class," she said, looking down at me with a disapproving look on her face. She proceeded to ask me more questions, but like she did in class, she left the book, and started asking me questions that were well outside the scope of the curriculum. I did my best to explain the concepts and process required to solve the problems, but at times, I was at a loss. Somehow, Mistress knew more math than I did, and she clearly was enjoying putting me in my place.

"Mistress, may I ask you a question?" I asked meekly.

"Yes, of course my pet. Like you say, there are no stupid questions," she replied, doing her best Mr. Daniels-teacher voice.

"You know enough math to teach this class. Frankly, I think you know enough math to teach any of the courses at school. What are you doing in my class? Why aren't you AP Calculus or maybe even taking courses at the University?"

She looked at me, her fork frozen halfway toward her mouth with a piece of steak on it. She considered this for a moment, then put her fork back on the plate, took a breath, then answered.

"I move too often, and therefore, I do not have the credits on my transcript. I do know more math than you, and perhaps the other teachers as well. I've always known more math than anyone I know ever since I was a little girl. I don't know why, but I do. That always caused me problems growing up. Socially, that is. Boys don't like to be shown up by the girls, especially in math class. So, I find it easier to play the part of an average student in math class. However, when I first saw you, somehow I knew that you were going to be my pet. So, I've made sure to keep my grades consistent with my past grades, so that I can play with you in class. I do enjoy watching you try to answer my questions."

Her answer was the most information I had learned about her in the months that I had known her. She turned to me, and fed me another bite, smiling at me. I was hers, and I realized that when the year was over, I was not sure what I would do when she graduated. She finished her meal in silence, and when she had taken the last sip of her wine, she stood and walked to the bedroom. I heard her moving about, but I waited kneeling by the table until she asked for me.

"Pet, come here," she called.

I went to her quickly. She had spread out the new purchases on the bed.

"You should remove the tags from these, then put them away. Choose one for tonight. You should sleep in these from now on. You can keep your panties on, but remove your garter and stockings of course. That should be more comfortable for you for sleep. When you are done, you will attend to me before I go home. I want you in your bedtime outfit." She left the room while I cut off tags, and made room for my new purchases. She returned as I was removing my garter and stockings. I slipped a pink silk camisole over my head and shoulders. It slid over my skin, and I felt myself getting hard again. The pink silk matched my pink thong. Mistress walked over to me, and brushed her fingers over my chest, spending a little extra time on my nipples.

"Very nice. Now you are my little slut, aren't you? My dirty little slut in her sexy lingerie. Kneel before me." As I was moving to my knees, I heard a zipper. On my knees in front of her, I saw her skirt was on the floor, and she was pulling her t-shirt over her head to reveal a matching black lace bra and thong. She still had her boots on, and the ensemble had its desired effect on me. My cock was straining to escape the fabric of my thong, and I could feel my heart beating in my chest. I looked up at her, and felt myself burning with desire to be taken by her.

She reached down, and pulled my cock free from the thong. She stroked it a few times, then a sudden bolt of pain as she slapped my cock. She grabbed my balls, and squeezed them, just enough that I took gasped, and held my breath waiting for the pain. She smiled knowing that she now had me by the balls, literally. With her other hand, she caressed my chest and my nipples through the smooth silk of the camisole.

"I bet my dirty little slut wants to cum, doesn't she? Well, I'm not sure she's earned that yet. Would you like to earn an orgasm, slut?" she hissed into my ear.

"Yes, Mistress," I managed, still struggling to breath because of the pressure on my balls.

"Good," she purred. She sat back onto the bed, and then spread her legs wide. Her thong barely covered her pussy. She reached to the floor and picked up one of my stockings. She strung it through the ring on my collar, then using it like a leash, she pulled my face to her pussy. She pulled the stocking under her legs, and looped each end around her thigh, then back to the ring. My face was pressed against her wet thong. I felt her hand beneath my chin as she tied off the stocking. "There, now you can't move away from me, can you?"

I tried to raise my head, but neck was securely fastened to her thighs. While I could look up with my neck, it was a strain, and it was far more comfortable to simply rest my face on her crotch.

"Eat me, slut."

I began to lick her pussy through the thin fabric of her thong. I tried to push it aside with my tongue, but the thong was pulled tight against her. I couldn't use my hands as I needed them to balance myself, and I had a feeling that if I tried, Mistress would simply tie them up anyway. Mistress moaned with approval, and after a few minutes, she reached down, and moved her thong to the side for me, giving me complete access to her swollen pussy lips and clit. I sucked her into my mouth, running my tongue over her clit. I tried spelling the alphabet over her clit with the tip of my tongue. I closed my eyes, and imagined long flowing curly cursive letters as I worked through the alphabet. Mistress put a hand on the back of my head, pressing me even harder into her pussy. Her moans of approval and satisfaction propelled me forward. When I reached the end of the alphabet, I started again with upper case letters. I had just reached 'M' for Mistress when her hips lifted off of the bed, and her hand pushed my face hard against her. She cried out, and her body convulsed as her orgasm swept through her. I kept licking her, and reached the end of the alphabet when I felt her pull the stocking, and I was suddenly released from her. She must have used a simply slip knot. She gasped for air, and fell back on the bed. I heard her giggle with delight.

"Slut, that was very good. Tonight, you may stroke yourself as much as you like...just don't cum...you are well on your way to earning another orgasm," she giggled again. A reward combined with a torture. "Do extra homework for me. I want your balls filled with cum this weekend. If you are good, I will make you cum like you've never cum before," she offered.

I flushed with her praise, but also felt disappointed that I was not going to get to cum tonight. Remembering last weekend, I consoled myself that when Mistress did allow me to cum, it was momentous.

When Mistress recovered, she put her thong back into place, stood, and picked up her clothes. She dressed, pulled me to my feet by way of my collar, and kissed me. She licked some of her juices from my face, and smiled.

"Now pet, you should get some rest. Its only a couple days from the weekend, and you will need all your strength," she advised me. With that, she turned, and walked out of the room, and moments later, I heard my front door open and close. I stood in the middle of the room for a minute, trying to remember each bit of this afternoon. Mistress's taste was still in my mouth and her scent was in my nose. I walked through my apartment, turning off the lights, and retired to my bed. I lay down, and stroked myself until I fell asleep.

***

Mistress arrived at my apartment late Friday night. She hadn't told me when she would arrive, only that she would arrive that night. I greeted her in the usual fashion, and she made her way to my couch. She called me over, and I saw that she had brought a duffle bag.

"Good evening pet, I've been out with the girls tonight, and my feet are sore from dancing. Be a dear and massage my feet," she said in a tired voice. Kneeling in front of her, I took her high heels off, and began to massage her foot. She leaned her head back against the cushions, and closed her eyes. A smile formed on her lips as I worked my fingers into her tired sole. With her other foot, she rubbed up and down my shaft, bringing me to rigid state. Tonight she was wearing jeans and a tank top. It was a different look for her, but the dark colors along with her heavy eye makeup, black lipstick, and black nails were still consistent with her goth girl style.

After working each toe with my fingers, I took each in my mouth, sucking and licking it in turn. I licked along her arch, and licked between her toes. She tasted salty and a little gritty. She had been out dancing, so it was no surprise to me, and the knowledge that I was licking off the grime of an evening's dancing made me feel good. I was serving her, it was my purpose. I changed feet, and repeated the process for her other foot. When I finished, she opened her eyes, and smiled down on me.

"That was very good my pet. Now, I've got a little surprise for you. I'm spending the weekend at a girlfriend's house," she started to explain, pulling out a cell phone. "If this phone rings, that would be my mother calling to check in with me. She won't call tonight, but tomorrow she might. If she does, you'll answer the phone. You're my girlfriend's dad. Talk to her. I'm staying with Tanya all weekend, do you understand?"

Initially, I was confused, but then realization hit me. She was staying with me, but this story of "Tanya" was her cover. "Yes, Mistress, I think I understand. If your mother calls, I will pretend to be Tanya's father. If she wants to talk to you, I will give you the phone."

"Good, you are paying attention," she smiled at me. "Now, I need to get cleaned up. I've been out dancing, and I need a shower." She stood, and walked toward the bathroom. She called over her shoulder, "come pet, you need to attend to me."

I turned on the shower, got her some towels, and helped her undress. While I retrieved some new bath products I had picked up for her, shampoos and conditioners, body wash and bath sponge, she washed her face, and removed her make up. Then, she stepped into the shower. I took off my lingerie and collar, and joined her in the shower, washing her hair, and her entire body. She seemed pleased at the new bath supplies. Whenever she could, she stroked my hard cock, teasing me, but never enough to bring to climax. When I had finished bathing her, she stepped out of the shower, and told me to clean myself up. I rinsed myself off, and washed my hair again, although I had already done so earlier that night. When I got out of the shower I put my collar back on. I found her in the bedroom, her duffle bag opened next to her. She was sitting on the edge of the bed naked, brushing her long lustrous hair. I knelt at her feet, and waited while she brushed her hair. After a few minutes, she seemed satisfied with her hair, reached into her bag, and pulled out a hair band. She twisted her hair into a bun of sorts, and used the hair band to hold it together. She was beautiful, and in the soft glow of the bedside lamp more wholesome looking than I had seen before now that she had no make up on.

She reached into her bag again, and withdrew a bottle. She handed it to me, and I read the label. It was massage oil. I looked up at her and she was smiling. She didn't need to say anything. She simply moved onto the bed, and rolled onto her stomach. I climbed onto the bed, opened the bottle, and poured a generous amount of oil into my hand. Holding it over her back, I worked the oil into my hands, the extra spilling onto her. I worked the oil into her skin, using long strokes. I used the heel of my palms and my thumbs to apply some pressure to her muscles, and used her moans of approval as my guide. For the next hour, I worked her entire body from neck to toes with her on her back. She rolled over, and I began to work on her front. I avoided her pussy and breasts, saving them for last. When I did get to her breasts, I smoothed the oil over her skin gently, enjoying the feel of her breasts in my hands. Eyes closed, I could tell from her breathing and moans and whimpers that she was enjoying my touch. I dribbled still more oil onto her pussy, and stroked her lips softly with my fingers. After a couple minutes, I slid my fingers between her lips, and felt her wetness mixing with the oil. Her clit was already peeking out, and I smoothed my fingers over her sensitive spot.

"Mmm...pet, that feels nice. I want you to lay down now for me, on your back."

I did as she asked, and she straddled me, her pussy resting on my hard cock. She took the bottle of oil, and leaning back just a little, she poured a generous amount oil down her chest. The oil flowed down her already oil slick body. The light glistening off of her every curve. I watched with rapt attention as the oil ran down her body, finally pooling around her pussy and my cock. She began to gyrate her hips, massaging my cock with her pussy lips. The slick oil and her soft hot pussy felt amazing. She put the bottle down, and rubbed the oil over her breast and torso sensuously.

I could feel my balls tightening as I felt an orgasm nearing.

"Mistress, may I cum? I am so close," I begged.

"No, my pet. You must wait. I have a proposal for you," she said. She stopped moving her hips, and stared into my eyes. "You can have your orgasm, but if you take it now, it will be the last one of the weekend. Or, you can wait, and I'll reward you beyond your wildest fantasies." She began moving her hips again. I tried to speak, but no sound came from my lips. She pressed herself harder onto my cock, writhing and sliding over my oil slick cock with her pussy. "Well, pet, what will it be? Will you wait? Or are you weak, and you need your release now?" She reached down, and wrapped her fingers around my cock. She began to stroke me, squeezing hard. She slid her pussy down my thigh until her face was inches from my cock. She opened her lips and sucked just the head into her mouth, then pulled away, my cock escaping her lips with a pop. "I'm going to give you until the count of ten to make your decision. If you cum before I reach ten, then I'll know that you are greedy, and want your orgasm now. If you do not cum, then I'll know you are disciplined, and you can wait."

She proceeded to suck my cock into her mouth, her fingers still wrapped around my shaft. She sucked me, and then pulled her head off of my cock, sliding her hand up and over my head. Each time she counted aloud, "One...".

I was groaning uncontrollably now, trying to hold back my climax. I squeezed, and fought off what I knew was an inevitable orgasm.

"...Four..."

With each count, she sucked me in again. Her mouth was hot and wet. I could feel her tongue fluttering over my cock head.

"...Seven..."

I heard myself screaming, the sensations were so intense as I fought to hold back my climax.

"...Eight..."

And just as she counted aloud, the dam broke, and I exploded. My cum shot out of me. She started to jack my cock with her hand, and my entire body shuddered. I didn't know that I could climax with such force. She continued to stroke up and down on my cock. I shot 5 or 6 hot streams of cum, all of it now pooling on her hand and my stomach. She kept stroking me beyond what I could handle. My cock was hypersensitive, and I begged her to stop.

"Stop? But pet, if you are only going to get one, I think it should be a good one, don't you?" she grinned at me knowing that she was torturing me. My body convulsed with each stroke as electric jolts of sensation shot through me. I was seeing flashes of light the sensations were so great, and I thought I might pass out when she finally stopped.

Smiling, she sat up, and held her hand over my mouth. Cum dripped from her hand onto my lips. I opened my mouth, and she fed me my cum. When I had licked it off of her hand, she proceeded to use her fingers to scoop up as much of my cum as she could and fed it to me. When I had eaten as much as she could retrieve from my body, she grabbed one of the towels from our shower, and wiped her hands, then tossed it to me. I wiped myself clean, and sat up. She sat on the bed next to me and stroked my chest lazily.

"I'm disappointed in your my pet. You need to learn better discipline. Remember, its not about you. You should have waited and not cum. I was going to let you fuck me. I was going to let you fuck me all night and all day tomorrow. And all night tomorrow night until Sunday. I was going to let you cum as many times as your little cock would allow. But instead, I guess I need to teach you more discipline."

I wasn't sure if I could believe her, but it didn't really matter. I had not lasted through her test, and now I was going to suffer the consequences.

"We will start with some simple things tonight, and tomorrow we will get to the more advanced topics," she smiled impishly. "You need to get dressed for bed. Why don't you put on one of your new camisoles and some nice sexy panties for me."

I got off the bed, and chose a pair of black satin panties and a coordinating black satin camisole. The smooth fabric felt decedent against my skin. Despite my recent orgasm, I could feel myself getting hard again. Mistress motioned for me to rejoin her on the bed. She had also put on a sexy black camisole and tap pant ensemble. She had a long thin red rope in her hands. The color stood out in stark contrast to shimmery black satin of her camisole.

"Give me your hands," she said simply. I raised my hands to her. She carefully wrapped my wrists with the rope. It wasn't tight, but enough that I couldn't pull my hands free or apart. Then she looped the remaining length through my collar's ring, and secured it. My hands were not bound tight to the collar, but with enough slack that I could reach my hands down almost to my belly button. She checked it to make sure my wrists were secure, but not too tight. "Good, that will keep you from touching yourself. Now, into the bed with you. If you need to use the bathroom, you'll need to wait until I'm ready to release you. Remember, Mistress needs her sleep." She pulled the bedding open so that I could get beneath the covers. She slid into the bed beside me, and pulled the covers over us. She reached over, and turned out the light.

I lay on my side, facing her on the bed. Mistress rolled to her side as well, and I felt her back her body against mine. Her ass pushed against my semi-rigid cock. Laying next to her was overwhelmingly erotic, and I could feel my cock growing with excitement. I felt her reach back, and begin to run her fingers along my length.

"Mmm...what's this? Pet, you need to learn to control yourself. If you get this excited just laying next to me, how do you expect to wait for permission to cum?"

"Yes, Mistress, I will try," I said in a ragged whisper. Her fingers were already pushing me toward an orgasm I knew I was not allowed to have. I tried to steady my breathing, and relax, but her light touches kept me on edge. Eventually, she stopped, and I could hear her breathing was soft and steady. She had fallen asleep.

I don't know how long I lay awake next to her, but when I awoke, it was with a sense of urgency. My bladder was complaining. It was beginning to get light, so I knew it was at least 6 am. I reached forward, to push the covers off of me when my hands stopped. I remembered that my hands were bound. I rolled to look at Mistress. She was facing away from me, on her side, and I could hear her breathing quietly, still sleeping. I took a deep breath, and tried to focus on other things. I knew if I could get aroused, my morning hard on would help me control my bladder. Normally, I'd just stroke myself until I was hard, but I couldn't with my hands bound. I edged closer to Mistress, trying not to move so much that I would wake her. I breathed deeply through my nose, and smelled her. Her feminine aroma was intoxicating. Her hair smelled clean and fresh from the shampoo. I closed my eyes, and thought about her body, slick with oil, straddling me, writhing on my hard cock. I nestled closer still to her until my face was almost touching her hair. I could feel the warmth of her body, and I felt happy. My cock was responding to being so near to her, and soon enough, I was hard.

I kept breathing in her scent, and closed my eyes, playing out last night's activities. The smell of the massage oil also hung in the air. I knew that it would always evoke images of her lithe body slick with oil. The soft light glistening on her every curve...

***

I awoke again, and I realized that I had fallen asleep again. I opened my eyes, and saw that Mistress was no longer in the bed. I rolled myself over, and using my elbows, managed to get to a seated position. Mistress came back into the bedroom. She had the innocent glow of a teenager, still sleepy and definitely sexy.

"Good morning Mistress."

"Good morning my pet. I hope you slept well," she said yawning.

"I did Mistress, thank you. I would like to use the bathroom. Could I have my hands back?" I asked sheepishly.

She giggled and flopped onto the bed, taking my hands into hers, and untying the knot. As I got up off the bed, she gave my ass a swat. It was playful, but I could also feel the sting as I walked to the bathroom.

Returning to the bedroom, I found Mistress sitting on the bed, pillows behind her back. She had opened the curtains so the morning sun was streaming across the bed. I felt my knees go weak as I walked toward her. I couldn't tell if it was a compulsion to kneel or that she was just that beautiful. She saw me stumble, and I could tell she was enjoying watching my cock swelling in my panties.

"Today, my pet, we have many lessons ahead of us. We also have more shopping to do. If we are going to train you right, there are tools that we don't have that are necessary," she announced. She shooed me away to the kitchen to make breakfast while she went to take a shower to wash off the residual massage oil.

I prepared breakfast for us. Not knowing what she wanted, I played it safe and made a little of everything — eggs, bacon, toast, potatoes, coffee, orange juice, and I even had some instant oatmeal at the ready, just in case. Mistress emerged from the bedroom as I was getting the food to the table dressed in mini skirt and almost sheer lace top, and knee high stockings. I knelt beside her, and she fed me bites in her usual custom.

After breakfast, she had me take a quick shower. I found that she had picked out lingerie for me to wear today as well as clothing. She had picked out a lacy black and red set. The stockings were black with red accents on the lace tops, and the panties and garter were a matching black lace with red accents. She also chose was a white dress shirt, and a pair of dark khaki chinos. I knew right away that you would be able to see the garter through the shirt in the right light. She had me kneel, and she put my collar back on.

"Are you ready to go shopping?" she asked me rhetorically as she turned and headed for the door. I followed her to my car and was relieved that we ran into no one along the way. She directed me back to the highway, and again, we headed out of town to Adamsville. There was more to this town than I had realized in all the years living in the area. By the time we reached Adamsville, it was nearly 11 am, and Mistress directed me to a different part of town. It was a little less boutique, but still a retail area. We parked, and she led me down the street. There were other people on the street, so I focused on following her high heeled feet avoiding eye contact with other pedestrians. She turned, and I followed her into a store. The smell of leather filled my senses, and I looked up.

All around me displays and racks were filled with leather goods. Not your usual leather jackets and belts, but harnesses, collars, whips, and other things that I couldn't really identify, but they looked scary. I was overwhelmed by the array of things, and I was fixated on the wall racks of whips. I heard a click, and felt a tugging on my neck. I looked in the direction of the pull, and saw that Mistress has attached my collar to a leash. She was smiling, clearly pleased with herself, and pulled me along behind her.

"Good morning, how can I help you?" a young woman asked Mistress from behind the counter. She was dressed in a leather halter top, and had piercings in her nose, her ears (a lot of them), her lip, and one through her eye brow. Through her heavily adorned face, she smiled brightly, and looked at Mistress with an occasional glance my way. She winked at me, and then focused again on Mistress.

"Good morning. I need some restraints for my pet. This leash is nice, but at home, I need to keep him from getting into trouble. Could you help me with some wrist and ankle cuffs?"

"Of course, right this way."

We followed her deeper into the store. She started to pull cuffs off of shelves and displays, handing them to Mistress while she explained the differences. Some had "locking clasps", others standard looking belt clasps. Some had spikes and studs attached to the heavy leather, others were more simple. All had at least one ring attached like my collar. The sales woman and Mistress started attaching different cuffs to my wrists, testing them for fit, and Mistress seemed to be considering how they looked as well. All the while, I was simply the mannequin, although perhaps the first mannequin with a raging hard on.

After a number of different choices, Mistress settled on a pair that had a standard looking buckle except that the part that usually fits through the hole in your belt had a loop on the end. It was explained that a small padlock could be locked to it, locking the cuff to my wrist. The cuffs were heavy on my wrists, and once attached securely, I could tell that there was not going to be any chance I would be able to escape them.

They proceeded to do the same for ankle cuffs. After trying one on my ankle, and then rejecting it, the sales girl stood and winked at me again, and whispered into my ear.

"Nice stockings."

I felt my face heating up more than it already was. The ankle cuffs of choice looked like they matched the wrist cuffs in style. Mistress left them on me. Then stood back, looking me over. The sales girl stood behind me, and I felt her hands on my waist. I felt her running her fingers over the garter through my shirt. She leaned in and whispered into my ear again.

"Nice garter too. You are a lucky slave."

"Yes, he is a lucky slave, isn't he?" Mistress smiled

Mistress took ahold of the leash again, and led me to the wall of whips. The sales girl followed along and provided a running commentary of the things that we passed by in the shop. I did notice that when she said "strap on" and "butt plug" that Mistress paused and took notice, pausing to look briefly before continuing to the whips.

She pulled one off the wall. It had a black and pink handle, and attached to that were a bunch of long pink and black leather strips. The sales woman explained that this "flogger" was a medium weight flogger. With enough force, it could "put on some hurt" but generally the "hardcore pain sluts" found it to be a little light. This conversation was beginning to worry me. I looked across the collection on the wall. There were lots of floggers, as well as what looked like riding crops, long thick belt-like pieces, and even some Indiana Jones-style whips. After considering the lot, Mistress came back to the pink and black flogger. She handed it to me.

"Here pet, hold this. You may as well become intimate with it since I'm going to use it to 'put on some hurt' later," she said, leaning into me and biting my ear lobe. She walked back and pulled me along to the strap on harnesses that we passed before. Mistress and the sale woman took awhile reviewing the different harnesses. Mistress tried a couple on over her clothing. Eventually, she settled on one. It had a ring over her crotch through which, I learned, she could fit a dildo. It was at that moment that I realized I was going to be on the other end of that dildo. My breathing got faster, and I felt my heart begin to pound in my chest. I felt myself being pulled along, and when my eyes refocused, we were looking at a display of dildos.

"What do you think pet? Which of these cocks would you like rammed up your ass this afternoon?" Mistress asked me like she was asking me if I wanted more coffee. The sales girl smirked, and I saw her lick her lips.

"Um...I don't know Mistress. Whatever pleases you?" I answered, not knowing what else to say.

"Good answer, pet."

She reached for a long dildo that was among the less life-like ones. It had a bulbous head, but lacked the veins and other details that some of the dildos had. I guessed it was seven or eight inches long, and seeing her fingers wrapped around it, I knew it was a lot thicker than me.

"Good choice. That one is one of my favorites. Does your slave enjoy getting taken in the ass or is this a new treat for him," asked the sales woman.

"Oh, I don't think he's ever had the pleasure. So, I think we should get him a plug too so he can get used to it," Mistress replied, reaching for a butt plug. It was not as long as the dildo, although its widest part was as big as the dildo. "I think this will do the trick, don't you?"

"Oh yes, another good choice."

"I think we just need some lube, and we're good to go," Mistress said, leading me toward the counter. As she passed by a display, she pulled a large bottle of lube from it, and placed it on the counter with the rest of the things she had picked out. "Oh, do you have a fitting room? I think my pet here needs to start with his plug right away," Mistress asked.

"Oh, of course, you can use one of the changing rooms. They are just in the back there, next to where we looked at the cuffs. I'll ring all this up for you if you want to go ahead and fit him," she said cheerily.

Mistress took the lube and plug from the counter, and pulled me to the back of the store. Panic set in, but I didn't have anywhere to go. My heart was pounding so hard, I could feel it in my ears. She pulled me into the dressing room, and closed the door.

"Drop your pants and your panties, my pet. Then lean on the bench, and let me see your pretty little ass," she commanded. She was talking loud enough that I knew the sales woman could hear us at the cash register.

I fumbled with my pants, but managed to do as ordered. I bent over, and spread my legs as wide as I could, but with my pants around my ankles, it wasn't much. I watched Mistress in the mirror as she poured lube on the plug. She used the plug to spread some lube on my ass. It was cold to the touch, and I resisted moving away from the coldness. She added some more lube to the plug, then I watched as she pushed it against my anus. It was cold, and it felt huge.

"Now, breath and relax my pet or this will hurt," she said gently. I tried to relax, but inside my head I was screaming in panic. I couldn't relax, and I felt my ass tense as she pushed harder against me. I was holding my breath, and when I realized I needed air, I let out the air in my lungs hard, and took a deep breath. Just as I was doing so, she pushed harder, and the plug slid part way into my ass. I felt it stretching me, and it was enough, that I couldn't fight it. She let off the pressure a little, then watched me in the mirror. She had her evil grin on, and when she saw me breath in again, she pushed hard again. She repeated this a few times. Finally, I felt it pop in my ass, and the pressure faded. The largest part had passed by my sphincter and the plug was now seated in my ass. She pushed it in a bit more. It filled me like I had never felt before. I kept breathing, trying to get used to the feeling of my ass being stretched and filled.

"Good, now pull up your panties, and get dressed. We need to purchase all this. No returning that plug now!" she giggled.

I reached for my panties, and pulled them up, then pulled up my pants. As I stood up straight, I felt the plug move inside me, a new sensation swept through me. It was a warmth like nothing I had felt before that emanated from deep inside me. Mistress was watching me, and she was smiling her satisfied smile. She pulled me along to the counter, and with each step, I felt waves of warmth pulsing through me.

"The total is $433.56," the sales woman said. I didn't even register the number, I just handed her my Visa card and signed the slip. The plug was so overwhelming and distracting that I was on autopilot as far as the payment was concerned. As Mistress led me out of the store, I carried the shopping bag with Mistress's new toys. The wrist and ankle cuffs weighed heavily on my arms and legs, and they tinkled like my collar creating a new sound. With each step, I was like a wind chime, steel rings tinkling and ringing. My cock was hard, and my ass was full. I didn't register that I was still being pulled along by the leash until we reached the car when she let go of it.

"Can you drive, my pet? Or are you going to get us killed?" she smirked at me.

"Uh...I can drive...I'll be OK." I opened her door for her, then walked around to the drivers side and got into the car. As I sat, the plug was forced further into me. It took me a few moments to catch my breath. Mistress just smirked watching me, then took the shopping bag from me, and put it at her feet.

"Take us home, my pet. We have some new toys now," she ordered. I could tell she was excited, and frankly, so was I.

