Teacher, Teacher
byMalomar©

I had no great expectations for my senior year of high school. It was the late 1960's and I was voluntarily missing out on the "Love Generation". I had a close call with the girl I lost my virginity to, she thought she might be pregnant, and I had avoided all girls I might have had a chance with since that memorable night. Not that I wasn't still attracted to girls and thought about them every waking minute, but I wasn't going to risk being a daddy before I was ready. I figured I could jerk off until I was twenty-five if I had to do it.

Of course, I was a nerd, or geek, or hippie freak, or any number of names they had for anyone who was different back then. I had been a straight-A student in high school with a modicum of athletic talent that I chose to hide, and above average looks with a lean body on my six foot frame. My brown hair didn't quite go down to my shoulders, but it was longer than all but one other kid in my high school. I was popular with students and teachers alike and seemed to be able to get along with anybody. I was a friend to almost everyone, yet I had no close friends since I had blown my relationship with Kathy.

Of course most of the kids I hung around with were also A-students, including Kathy who was one of my oldest friends and the hottest girl in a senior class of 350 students. Kathy and I had been in school together since the 4th grade and had crushes on each other back then, but alas, it was not to be. My relationship with Kathy changed after an early spring hot spell during this senior year.

She was out sunbathing in her white bikini in her backyard when I stopped by to see if she wanted to join me and some friends who were going to the movies. She respectfully declined saying she wanted to just soak up some rays and relax. I told her she was already turning pink so she asked me to put suntan lotion on her back. I didn't think anything of it as I pushed her blonde hair out of the way and squirted some lotion on my hands.

I covered her upper arms and worked it into her shoulders but then my hands involuntarily started to slow down as I rubbed the lotion across her neck and slowly down her back. The bikini strap was in the way so I unhooked it and continued to gently rub the oily lotion across her beautiful back. She had perfect skin with just the hint of pink from the sunburn starting. I worked my hands lower and now was painfully aware that I was getting turned on with my burgeoning manhood trying to stretch out down the pant leg of my jeans.

"Can you get some under the waistband too in case my suit shifts," Kathy stated.

I gladly lifted the waistband gently and worked the lotion into the top area of her round butt cheeks. My hard cock was inching its way down my pant leg trying to press outward but the firm material of the jeans preventing that. Kathy was no longer my best friend and confidant, but now a sexy little nymph that I was just realizing had become a woman. I didn't even ask as I squirted more of the oily liquid onto my hands and started working it into the back of her calves.

"Mmm, that feels good. Get my thighs too while you're down there." She spread her legs slightly as I got to the backs of her knees, letting my nails scrape gently over the sensitive skin. She moaned again, a little louder this time.

As I started to work my way up her juicy thighs, I noticed how tight the bottoms were hugging her crotch. I could make out the faint lines of her swelling pussy lips as my cock now started to seep that salty precum fluid. My fingers worked slowly up her thighs, massaging ever so close to her panty lines. Her breathing was getting deeper now and she spread her legs even further apart as I worked my way up her other leg, again getting as close as I could to her promised land. Even my breathing was getting a little shallow now. I know my face was much redder than her skin.

I paused at the top of her thigh and took in the lovely view of her firm round buttocks encased in the tight white bottoms of her bikini. The skin on her well formed back was glistening as the rays from the sun were reflected. Her eyes were closed as I ogled the exposed side her angelic face. I looked back down her sleek thighs, my hands still poised less than an inch from her spread crotch. As I stared down at those strong firm calves, my fingers started to move again as I heard Kathy gasp. I had touched that magic spot unintentionally and broken the silent reverie between us.

"Ahem. Well, I think you got it all," she coughed, a reference to my last little touch. She started to sit up to look at me until she realized that the strap was still undone on her top. I got a quick glimpse of the soft round flesh of her perfect boob before I grabbed the strap and pulled it back up. She used her hand to push the little peach back into the cup and I hooked the strap.

"Well, umm, I'm going to be late for the movie. Don't stay out in the sun all day or you'll be regretting it tomorrow." I was trying to sound big-brother like, but my hardened cock wanted it to be another invitation for her to join me in the movies.

"OK, enjoy the movie. I promise not to get sunburned Joey." She smiled and then bit her lip softly as she glanced down at my crotch. The outline of my painful hard-on was blatantly obvious in the tight jeans, stretching almost halfway to my knee.

"I'll call you tonight and tell you about the movie," I said as I rose and regretfully left her laying on that blanket, her glistening skin a work of art in the bright sunshine.

I met my friends outside the theatre and we went in to watch Bonnie and Clyde. Faye Dunaway was lovely and sexy but I kept replacing her with Kathy as I daydreamed throughout the movie. A puddle of precum was filling up my shorts as visions of a naked Kathy danced in my head. I had to go to the men's room to dry myself out before the spot worked its way through to my jeans. Finally dried out, I went back to my seat and was able to enjoy the second half of the movie.

I called Kathy around 8:00 that night to talk about the movie, but she insisted I come over to put more lotion on her. She had stayed out in the sun too long and her back was on fire. Her parents were out of town and she had no one to put any lotion on her to relieve the pain. I told my mom where I was going and that I'd be home in a couple hours.

I didn't even knock when I got to Kathy's house. She was waiting for me on the sofa in the living room wearing a yellow nylon pajama set. The material was very thin and the glow from the end table lamp was like a spotlight on her perfect, round breasts. The slight darkness around the pointy nipples left little to my imagination. When she stood up, the light now glowed on the translucent bottoms, highlighting the scruffy triangle just above her crotch.

"Thank God you're here," she said as she ran to me and hugged me close, almost in tears.

I started to wrap my arms around her, but she flinched and let out a painful moan. She turned her back to me and raised the top so I could see the bright red that glowed on her skin.

"After that great massage you gave me, I fell asleep. I really didn't mean to stay out there that long."

"Well, there are no blisters, but that looks really bad. Do you have some lotion I can put on it? And you should take a couple aspirin for the pain."

"Yes, the lotion is in the bedroom but take your shoes off before you get on my clean sheets. I'm gonna get the aspirin."

I made myself comfortable on the left side of the bed as Kathy came back and plopped down on the right side presenting that cute round butt outlined perfectly in the thin yellow fabric. I squeezed some lotion out onto my hands and started to work her upper arms and neck which seemed even redder than her back. She shivered as the cold lotion gently made contact with her burning skin. Kathy's was the only female skin I had touched since that fateful night I lost my virginity and it felt exciting to touch someone else's skin besides my own.

"Ohh, that feels so good. I can't believe I was this stupid." I could see her body quiver as the cool sensations worked into her skin.

"I guess I should have stayed and watched over you instead of going to the movies."

"I don't know. Seems like you were watching pretty good when you were here. I'm sorry. I didn't mean that in a bad way." She immediately felt guilty for embarrassing me.

I didn't say anything. What could I say? I had been ogling her, my best and dearest friend, like she was a Playboy model or something. I just raised her top and started applying the lotion as gently as I could, my hands softly spreading it down her back. She lifted up a little and pulled the top up as far as she could without removing it, allowing me better access to her upper back. There was silence now as I continued to work the lotion softly into her red skin.

Several minutes had gone by when I added more lotion to my hands and started to repeat the massage. Her breathing was getting louder but still we refrained from talking. There was something magical going on and neither of us wanted to break the spell. Several more minutes passed and I started to work the lotion on the sides of her back, trying to cool any skin that was available to me. As I worked my way back up I encountered some soft, pillowy flesh which could only be the sides of her breasts.

I spread the lotion on the soft skin, my hard-on now fully awake and chasing any brotherly, friendly thoughts from my mind. I was spreading a cool, slippery lotion on the bare skin of the most beautiful girl I knew and my angry purple head was now going to make any decisions for me. I went back up to her shoulders, then spread more lotion on the side of her soft pillows on my way back down towards her round bottom.

I was taking my time. I wanted this to last as long as possible. As I worked my way back up this time and got to that soft flesh, Kathy turned on her side, exposing the bare breast to both my hand and my eyes. The light brown areola was puffy and expanding to support the turgid nipple that sat on top. My cock leapt in my pants as I let my moistened hand surround the squishy flesh.

I continued to massage this mound of flesh, ignoring my original duties. I pulled softly on the elongated nipple and Kathy moaned as she finished rolling over and exposed the other well-shaped hillock to my view. I massaged my new target as I lowered myself closer to her and kissed her softly, our first kiss since fooling around as children. Our breathing deepened and I kissed her again, more passionately this time, our tongues dealing glancing blows against delicate lips.

I ran my hand slowly down her belly, stopping to play with her navel as our kissing became more intense. We made out passionately for over a half hour with my hands running across those soft tits and then down to her equally soft belly. I stopped every time at the waist band and then would work my way slowly back up to those heavenly breasts.

The lotion had all dried up now as I broke the kiss and gently kissed her neck, starting my descent towards my goal. I kissed the top of her chest as my hand worked her belly around the waistband of her soft nylon pajama bottoms. I found the top of her breast and kissed softly, sucking in a small amount of flesh. She worked her hands up under my T-shirt, her nails raking softly into my skin as I sucked her long nipple between my lips. The rubbery flesh became harder as I dragged my teeth softly against it, the faint taste of lotion not deterring me from the pleasure we were both receiving.

She broke the contact so she could pull my T-shirt off and I used the opportunity to reach into my pants and straighten out my cock so it was pointing up to my waist band instead of painfully down my leg. The motion did not go unnoticed as she did that cute little biting of her lip, her eyes glued to my crotch. I bent down and kissed her again, releasing eight years of a hunger that had been festering inside me.

I slid my right leg between hers as my hand found a lovely globe again and continued the massage. I tweaked her nipple and her moan echoed through the room. Her legs clamped tightly around my leg as she ground her crotch into it, feeding her own hunger. I worked my hand down to her belly again, feeling the waistband only this time it wasn't a wall and I worked my hand underneath it.

Kathy sucked my lower lip viciously as she felt my fingers get closer, tickling the hairs just above her juicy pussy. Her fingernails were gouging my back, encouraging me to continue. It was an exquisite pain that helped to offset the sensations that were boiling in my fully engorged member. I found her moist slit and slid my index finger the length of it while Kathy bit down softly on my lower lip she had trapped in her mouth.

Again it was Kathy who broke our contact; this time to remove her pajama bottoms and reach for the belt encircling my jeans. I quickly got my pants off, taking my briefs down with them and exposing my rock-hard burning flesh to the cool night air. Kathy bit her lip again in that cute little girl way as she reached out and ran her hand over my dripping cock. She was enthralled by all the moisture and spread it up and down my cock, first with one hand and then with both.

The only sounds in the room were the heavy breathing through flared nostrils and the squishing noises as she worked my cock and I her slippery slit. She started to arrange our bodies, leading me by pulling my cock until I was positioned over her. She rubbed the moist angry head of my cock against the juicy lips of her pussy. Back and forth, back and forth against her clit until she finally exploded in a mind-altering orgasm, her body stiffening against mine. Her body rose off the bed and I slid my arms around her and kissed her deeply.

She was gasping for air as I broke the kiss, my right hand cradling the soft left cheek of ass flesh as I tried to pull her even closer. Her hand was still between our bodies and had a death grip on my cock as she started to rub it against her clit again. She lay flat again as I started to get into the rhythm, pushing my cock hard against her moist slit and then up into the notch that held her clit. Her breathing increased as she tried to control our movements, but on one forward motion, I slipped between those juicy pussy lips and was buried to the hilt in her tight maiden cave.

She screamed and I felt a hot liquid flow over my cock. I couldn't have cum. I didn't feel any of the tingling although I could certainly feel it boiling inside me. I looked down at Kathy to see a small tear escape her eye and realized she had been a virgin. I pulled out quickly, remembrances of my first time gushing into my brain and thinking what would I do if Kathy got pregnant.

My cock was still rock-hard and desperately wanted release, even though it was coated with a thin film of blood. Kathy put her hand on my cock and saw the blood, the realization of what we had done finally hitting her like a ton of bricks. She was still breathing heavily as she moved the blood-coated fingers to her own crotch and started to slide them in her slit.

"Do me again. Please!" she begged. She was as wired and out of control now as I was and I brought the red and purple head against her clit and pressed down. I worked it back and forth as she had done, watching as her hips started moving in rhythm. She wrapped her legs behind me but I avoided sliding him back inside her. I could sense her impending orgasm this time and pressed it hard on her clit as she came. Then I rose up and took hold of my cock and jerked it off, sending jets of boiling cum up past her tits and onto her neck.

I lowered my body back down, every nerve quivering as the last vestiges of my orgasm receded. I kissed her softly but the return kiss was hesitant. We had overstepped the bounds of friendship tonight and I knew our relationship would never be the same. It hadn't felt right when we kissed in fourth grade and although the orgasms tonight were intense, we were both feeling we had just done something very wrong.

"Why don't you go wash up," she said to me, the remorse evident in her tone. "I have to throw the sheets in the laundry." I climbed from the bed and watched as she used the top sheet to soak up the cum that covered her upper body. She looked like she was changing a messy diaper.

I washed up and came back into her bedroom naked. She was just picking up her pajamas when she noticed me and much like Adam and Eve, we were now embarrassed by our nakedness. We dressed and I left without saying anything. Fortunately my parents were asleep when I got home so I didn't have to worry about how guilty I looked.

Back at school, she would just say Hi and move on. She didn't come over to talk at lunchtime and my friends noticed we seemed distanced. I just told them we'd had a fight, but I couldn't remember having it. And being friends, they let it go at that.

I don't know if Kathy ever said anything to any of her girl friends, but it was after that the teasing seemed to increase. We were all crowded outside the gym waiting for the doors to open for the alumni basketball game where the teachers would play against the boy's basketball team. It was a ritual after the season ended every year. As the crowd pushed in, I was forced into the back of Cindy, an attractive brunette that was dating a guy on the team.

I almost knocked her over but was able to get an arm around her waist and catch her before she fell. She turned around like she was going to yell, but then a soft smile came to her face and she thanked me for catching her and pulled my hand tighter around her waist.

"Don't let me fall, Joey," she said, her hand staying in place over mine. Her cute, slightly plump ass was pushing back against me as the anxious crowd continued to try and force it's way forward. With every push forward, Cindy would rock back against me. As the crowd reached the point where no one could move, Cindy started to gently rock her hips so those fleshy ass cheeks could massage the growing hardness in my pants.

We were wedged in tight now, with Cindy hardly able to move against the girl in front of her. She slowly moved my hand up her body until it rested on her right boob and my fingers began to massage it as a reflex motion. She started to squeeze her ass cheeks together having captured my rock-hard cock between them.

"What are you doing?" I whispered into her ear, afraid that someone would see and tell her boyfriend.

"Just having some fun sweetie. Relax and enjoy it while you can. They'll be letting us inside soon."

"Well, stop it before I cum in my pants!", I moaned into her ear before gently sucking her earlobe between my lips. I could feel her skin quivering now. She laughed between sharp intakes of breath and then released my hand, with one last clench of her ass cheeks against my hard-on as she turned to smile at me.

The next incident started the following week in Mrs. Taylor's math class. Most of the attractive girls in school wore short skirts in those days. They liked showing off there long legs and as young males we were only to kind to oblige them and stare longingly at flesh that we knew we would never touch. By the end of my senior year in high school, we were all over 18 and knew what we were doing and it didn't seem to be bothering anyone.

I was sitting in math class, daydreaming about my teacher Mrs. Taylor, who was a beautiful, petite redhead that I'd had a crush on since day one. She had moved north from Florida because her husband was transferred, but then he was sent overseas to set up a new plant, leaving her alone and angry at the world. At the start of the school year, she was very strict and had us all scared to say boo. She had a slight southern drawl that was very sexy when she talked, even about math.

She showed up that first day of school in one of the tightest grey skirts I had ever seen, with a matching jacket. The suit outlined every lovely curve of her trim little body with her well formed legs glistening in the taupe nylons. About halfway through class, it got very warm in the classroom and she removed the jacket to expose a thin white blouse that covered a very lacy white bra. You could hear the sharp intake of breath from every male in the room and it drew a very nasty look from Mrs. Taylor.

But she was a very good teacher and as the year went on, she loosened up and got used to us. Where she had us lined up straight in front of her in three rows at start of the year, she had our small class go to a U-formation by the end of the year. That's when the teasing really got serious.

I came into class and sat in what had become my normal seat. I was able to get a variety of close up views of Mrs. Taylor while she wrote on the blackboard, her tiny, round ass jiggling as she reached up. I would watch her chest while her boobs seemed to disappear in the white lacy bra as she stretched high, but then filled in and rolled around as her arms came back down. And when she sat on the edge of her desk to talk to us, I could see half way up her lovely thighs. This was also the vantage point I had on most of the girls in class that didn't like to sit up straight. As I said, when women want to show off their legs, I am only too happy to oblige.

Lori, a tall quite attractive blonde, came in a little late and took the last seat on the end across from me. She liked to wear short skirts and dresses and today was no different. I had taken to watching her, among others, because of her long, lovely legs that seemed to go on forever. I know that she knew that I was ogling her, but she never said anything so I figured she really didn't mind it.

As I was sitting there this day, Lori slumped in her seat a little and let her skirt hike up a little more than it would on its own. It allowed her to spread her legs more than normal and I allowed my eyes to travel up those gorgeous gams. As the class wore on, Lori kept spreading her legs further apart until finally I could see the red panties she was wearing under her pantyhose. I had been stiffening as it was but seeing her underwear in public was more daring than she, or anyone else, had ever been.

When I looked up with that deer-in-the-headlights look, she just smiled at me. What the hell did that mean? Was she now attracted to me? Did she want me to ask her out? I know my face was probably as red as Mrs. Taylor's hair, but she was putting on a damn fine show. She rested a hand on top of her thigh and I started glancing around to see if anyone else noticed this, but they all seemed to be intent on whatever Mrs. Taylor was teaching. I watched in awe as Lori started to move her hand over her thigh, sliding slowly up and down, and then gently rubbing the inside. I thought I would explode right then but Mrs. Taylor suddenly asked me what the next step of the equation would be.

I was afraid that everyone looking at me could see my burgeoning manhood as it pushed up my pants, but they were just expecting me to spout out the answer as usual. An answer that would normally roll off my tongue took an agonizingly long ten seconds to come up with.

"Are you feeling alright Joey?" Mrs. Taylor asked concern in her voice.

"Ahem, I'll be fine. Thank you," I replied, trying not to make a big deal of it. I thought Lori was going to split a gut as she tried very hard not to laugh. She also used the opportunity to pull her skirt back down to its normal indecent length. Apparently we were the only two who knew what had just transpired the last 45 minutes.

As the bell rang to end the class, Mrs. Taylor asked me to stay behind for a minute. I, and Lori, thought for sure that we had been caught. Lori skipped out the door before Mrs. Taylor could even turn around. Once everyone had left the classroom, Mrs. Taylor pulled a chair up in front of my desk, my red face returning.

"Are you sure you feel alright? You look like you just ran a marathon." My heart and my cock were pulsing at the same rate as I looked into her lovely green eyes.

"I'm, I'm fine. Really." I could smell her perfume now. She wore several different kinds and every one of them gave me nasty thoughts about her. With what had just transpired, today's essence had my hard-on pressing tightly against my loose pants. If they would have let us wear blue jeans back then, I wouldn't have had a problem, but loose pants made it difficult to hide anything.

"Look, you're by far the best student in this class and I was hoping that you could help me grade homework and test papers from some of my other classes. It would only be an hour or two a couple times a week and I would really appreciate it. My husband used to help out, but with him in Egypt for a few more months, I'm at my wits end." She looked a little haggard, which was hard for her to do with perfect lipstick, mascara, and her tightly coifed fiery, red hair.

I was so relieved that she didn't know I was perving out in class that I just agreed to it and said I would be there after my last class today. It drew a heart-melting warm smile from her that wasn't doing my dick any good. She thanked me and got up moving the chair back to her desk. She had a little schoolgirl smile on her face as she backed away from me. I sat there a minute pretending to write down some notes while my hard-on subsided. The next class started to file in and I hurriedly got up, keeping my books in front of me as I hurried off to my last class.

Lori was outside with her QB boyfriend talking away like nothing had happened back in the classroom. He had a hand on her hip while they talked and she gave him a hug as she glanced at me walking by and flashed that seductive smile again and winked. Fucking prick teaser.

With my last class over, I went back to see Mrs. Taylor and she had another chair pulled up alongside hers at the desk. I sat down next to her and she smiled at me, at once melting my heart and stiffening my rod. She was only 28 but looked like she was fresh out of college. I couldn't help but notice that much like Lori, her skirt was rising high on her thigh. Sitting this close to her and smelling her perfume in my aroused state was having a dizzying affect on me.

Her face was mere inches away as those ruby red lips, looking so kissable, softly spoke the instructions. She wore just enough makeup to conceal most of the freckles that dotted her cute little nose. Her right hand was resting on my thigh, just inches from my throbbing erection, as she smiled and asked if I had any questions. I smiled back, shaking my head and wanting to reach over and pull her face closer for a passionate kiss. But of course, I did not.

She watched as I marked up the first paper before getting up to go straighten out the classroom. She took her jacket off, flashing that lacy bra she always wore under her thin white blouses. She started to write problems on the blackboard for her first class on the next day, and I was distracted as she stretched high to start them, and then had to bend low to finish them. Her tight round ass was a work of art in the black skirt she wore today.

I was done as she finished up and came back to check on me. Good thing I was a multi-tasker at a time when no one knew what that term meant. She was very pleased as she quickly glanced over them. Her hand rested on my shoulder as she bent over me and flipped through a couple of papers. As she stood back up, her fingernails scraped lightly across my neck sending erotic chills down my body and ending in my rock solid cock.

"Thank you. Can I give you a ride home? I only live a few blocks from you."

"That would be great. I missed the late bus."

She never put her jacket back on and I was able to ogle her small but well defined chest through the thin blouse and bra. She really was a strikingly attractive woman, an assessment I had made back on day one. I was already in the passenger's side when she gracefully slid into the driver's side, her skirt riding up her delightful thighs once again and bringing another rise out of me.

That was when I noticed her stockings ended and were attached to a garter belt. I could see a couple inches of bare skin as she slowly spread her legs, starting the car up and backing out of the parking lot. All eight inches of my pulsating piece of meat was quickly at attention as I surreptitiously watched that flesh come into view. In today's world, any teacher giving a student a ride would raise suspicions. But this was a different era and no one suspected a teacher of any wrongdoing or ulterior motives.

We made small talk and some light humor about a few students and were soon at the intersection where I lived two blocks to the left and she was two blocks straight ahead. I told her to let me out there and I would walk the rest of the way. She smiled and thanked me again, raising a hand to my cheek. If every student were like you, teachers wouldn't care that they were underpaid. My books were lying in my lap, so I just smiled at her electric touch and quickly exited the car. She chuckled a little as she drove off.

I raced home with a large wet spot now formed on my black pants. I set my books on the kitchen table and went straight into the bathroom unzipping my pants and pulling out that stiff rod. I pictured Lori as her fingers tickled her inner thigh, the purple head of my cock now swelling even more. Then she faded away as the vision of Mrs. Taylor replaced her, those luscious lips just inches away, finally coming closer as she kissed me passionately. I rubbed the leaking fluid from my cock up and down the shaft, squeezing hard now as I envisioned that bare flesh on her legs, my hand sliding over to meet it and slowly working up her leg the short distance to her waiting pussy. As my finger touched her soft, satiny panties, I exploded with cum spraying out and splashing against the lifted toilet seat before finally finding the bowl with soft plopping sounds as the last few drops fell into the cool water.

That night I jerked off again in my bedroom, vivid visions of Mrs. Taylor having let her bright red hair down. I could feel her soft hair against my legs as she slowly sucked my cock between her lips. My hand ran up and down my rigid shaft as I pictured her tongue swirling around the swollen purple head of my throbbing cock. I squeezed hard as she sucked me again and opened her throat to swallow me whole. My cock erupted like Mount Vesuvius, sending cum shooting high into the air, the boiling lava like liquid splashing down on my chest and belly as my mind pictured her swallowing all of it.

I cleaned up and climbed naked back into bed. The visions of Lori and Mrs. Taylor were making it difficult to sleep even in my exhausted state, but I finally replaced them with visions of Kathy and her sweet smile and drifted off to sleep.

Friday afternoon I slipped into my desk in math class, hoping for less stress than yesterday, but wanting Lori to take that same seat again. As the bell rang for the start of class, Lori again came in and shut the door behind her as she took the same end seat. She was wearing a light blue mini-skirt that flowed loosely around her beautiful thighs. She didn't have to worry about intentionally hiking her skirt for me, this one was hanging so loose around her that it did it all on its own.

She waited about ten minutes before carefully letting her legs spread apart. I could almost hear her fingernails scraping along her pantyhose as she worked her hand inside her thighs. She pushed the skirt higher as she slowly opened her legs exposing more and more of those firm thighs over the next several minutes. I had no idea what Mrs. Taylor was talking about now as I concentrated on this erotic beauty. She was over ten feet away but in my mind it was just mere inches.

My cock was dripping now as the burgeoning head pressed against my black slacks. Finally she opened her legs as far as she could without drawing too much notice to herself, moving her skirt the last inch I needed to see her glorious crotch once again. But something was different this time. There were no red panties as I stared at the translucent pantyhose. My eyes finally focused on some fuzzy stuff where her thighs met and I came to the realization that she wasn't wearing panties and this was in fact her cunt hair staring back at me.

I stared for several minutes before raising my eyes to meet hers. She had a devilish grin and there was fire in her eyes. But her eyes were focused lower and I realized she was looking at the swelling in my pants. She was as perverted as me and I looked back at her hairy crotch as her fingers tickled the flesh near the top of her thighs. She ran a finger quickly along her slit and as her eyes closed I could swear her body was quivering in a small orgasm. Maybe she was having second thoughts about that QB boyfriend of hers, but somehow I doubted it. It wouldn't be good for her reputation and that meant everything to a girl her age.

The bell rang jolting me back to reality and I looked back towards Mrs. Taylor, quickly jotting down the weekend homework assignment. She asked me if I could help out again after school and I agreed, slipping out of class with my books in front of my crotch again, but this time heading straight to the boy's room. I skipped my last period French class spending the entire time trying to dry the spot that had formed on my slacks and underwear. I doubted old lady Mrs. Lynch would even notice my absence.

With the wet spot finally dried up, I went to my locker to get the books I would need for the weekend and then headed back to Mrs. Taylor's room. I passed Lori in the hall and she puckered her lips before mouthing a silent "Thank you."

I feigned a smile but kept walking. When I got to Mrs. Taylor's room, she was placing papers in her briefcase and picking up her jacket. I thought she forgot that she had asked me to help her out. She turned and smiled as I walked in the room.

"Hi. I thought maybe we could do this at my house if you don't mind. I bet you're just as anxious to get out of this building as I am after five days." Her smile showed an energy that wasn't there an hour ago and I quickly agreed.

We walked out to her car with her stopping to chat with other teachers along the way. I used the opportunity to fall back a few feet behind her where I could check out every firm, beautiful inch of her sexy body. Her hips swayed gracefully as she walked, her high heels pounding out the beat she needed for her seductive gait. As we got to her car Miss Raphael, my English teacher came up to her to talk. I waited patiently on the passenger's side for Mrs. Taylor to unlock the doors.

Miss Raphael was just plain cute. She was fresh out of college but taking graduate courses at night. She had short jet black hair and stood about two inches shorter than Mrs. Taylor. Right now they were standing inches from each other as I tried to hear their whispers.

"Some of us are going over to Ye Olde Knight for a few drinks. You should join us," said Miss Raphael, smiling invitingly as she placed a hand on Mrs. Taylor's arm.

"I really can't today. I have a ton of papers to grade this weekend and Joey has offered to help tonight."

"Oh, I bet you really had to twist his arm to get him to help, too. If you ask him really nice, I bet he'd help you all weekend," she purred, now slowly stroking Mrs. Taylor's arm. She glanced over at me, that same devilish look in her eyes that Lori had earlier today. She leaned even closer to Mrs. Taylor, "Well, if you change your mind, you know where I'll be." Her hand slowly descended Mrs. Taylor's arm until she clasped her hand, then leaned in the last few inches and placed a soft peck on her cheek.

My hard-on was banging against the car door and I slowly rubbed up against it as I pictured my two favorite teachers locked in a sensuous embrace. Of course that was just my imagination at work. Miss Raphael turned to look at me, "You have a great weekend Joey!" she beamed, then turned and quickly walked over to her little sports car, her hips swaying with exaggerated movements.

We both stood there stunned, watching her cute legs slide into the low bucket seat of the MG. Mrs. Taylor finally unlocked her door, then slid into the seat and reached over unlocking my door. I carefully kept my books in front of me as I sat down, my throbbing monolith threatening to embarrass me before we ever got to her house. Mrs. Taylor sat there with the key in her hand, obviously distracted by the short conversation with that sexy little nymph.

"You know, if you want to go out with your friends, maybe we can get together another time this weekend," I stated, not knowing how I was going to hide the stiff rod in my pants once I was inside her house, alone with her.

"No. No..." she hesitated. I had never seen her indecisive before. She was always so sure of herself and the answers when she was teaching. "I'm not in the mood for all their gossip and idiotic putdowns of the students," she said more decisively, sliding the key into the ignition and starting the engine. She looked over at me and smiled, "Besides, we can have a drink at my place."

Yes, the drinking age was eighteen back then, but not all parents approved of that. Mine didn't care, but then I had never gotten drunk either so I guess they felt I was responsible enough to handle it. My college years would prove that wrong, but for now I was Mr. Responsibility. My eyes drifted down Mrs. Taylor's body as she drove, her small breasts perfectly outlined in the lacy bra as usual and her legs encased in black stockings to match the black skirt she wore today.

When we stopped at traffic light, she reached back and pulled a long pin from the back of her hair allowing it to fall down, a sea of red flowing across her shoulders. She shook it out and ran her fingers through it, her curls quickly taking shape. The flaming red hair made a sensuous frame around her beautiful face as she turned towards me again and smiled, promising me more than a couple hours of correcting papers. I pictured us sitting on her sofa, drinks in hand, conversing in nonsensical love talk as our fingers roamed each other's skin. My hard-on began to raise the books resting in my lap and I sat up quickly as I came back to reality.

We didn't talk during the short ride to her house, but I could see an almost determined look in her eye as she pulled into the driveway and turned off the engine. We got out of the car and I offered to carry her briefcase and she smiled as she handed it to me.

"Camelot lives!" she exclaimed. "I have my own white knight."

"I loved that movie," I gushed.

"You should have seen it on Broadway. Burton was magnificent." We went around to the back door and into the kitchen. "Just set your books on the counter. We can work at the kitchen table," she stated as she quickly went to the fridge and fished out two cold beers.

Well, so much for the sofa, I thought. At least I could use the table to hide my once again stiffening manhood as she plopped the beer in front of me and pulled her chair right next to mine. She was wearing a different perfume today with a flowery spring scent. I hadn't smelled it in the car, but now just inches away from her, the pleasant odor was carrying me away again as I pictured us on a picnic blanket in the middle of a field with wildflowers all around us.

She raised her bottle, "To the weekend!"

I tapped my bottle to hers, and we both quickly drained about half of it. She was beaming now, a brilliant, white, toothy smile and I couldn't help but smile back and feel invigorated. I inched closer to her as she removed the papers we had to grade. They were ninth grade algebra tests so I knew it wouldn't take that long to get through the 25-30 papers. I was on my last paper now and I started laughing.

"What is it?" she asked.

"Amy says the buses will never meet because of the traffic. She doesn't have a clue how to solve it," I chuckled.

She laughed as well. "Give her a plus 1 for her sense of humor. If she concentrated on her classwork instead of Tommy Farmer, she would know how to solve a simple problem by now. You ready for another beer?"

"Sure Mrs. Taylor. Thanks."

"Please, when we're in my house, can you call me Linda. Being home alone, I just like to hear somebody call me by my real name. I've only been Mrs. Taylor for a couple years you know."

"No I didn't, Linda," I said softly as we both smiled at the use of her first name.

She handed me the beer and then took hold of my other hand. "C'mon, let's go get comfortable," she said, leading me into the living room and plopping down on the sofa. She kicked off her shoes and placed her dainty stocking covered feet on the coffee table. "Please make yourself at home."

I took off my shoes hoping my feet didn't stink, and then sat down next to her on the sofa, thoughts of my earlier daydream fresh in my mind. My adolescent manhood started raging again and I sat up straight hoping the bulge wouldn't show too much. I downed about half the beer again trying to calm down.

Linda leaned back on the sofa, her skirt rising even more than it had in the car. The straps of her garter belt were clearly visible as were several inches of alabaster skin. There were no freckles on those beautiful inner thighs. She took a long drink, then laid her head back and closed her eyes, a soft sigh escaping her lovely lips. I stared at her lacy bra through the translucent white blouse, imagining what those small firm orbs looked like naked. My cock was rampant now, pulsing up and down in my pants.

Her soft fiery red hair said she was a woman of passion, but with her eyes closed, she looked lonely and again fatigued. She finally opened her eyes and sat up, taking a swig before setting her drink down on the table. She stretched her arms up high over her head and I could hear the slight crack of joints and muscles, tightened from a week of standing and the stress of the job.

"You seem pretty tense. Would you like a massage," I offered.

"I don't know. Y'all have any experience at this?" she asked a little tease in her voice, trying to sound like a teenage southern belle.

"Yeah, my mom had to waitress for a while when my dad was sick and she would come home with aches and pains from sore muscles. I used to massage her shoulders and calves for her while we watched TV."

She turned her back to me. "Then by all means, rub away."

I gently placed my hands on her soft cotton blouse, then firmly worked the muscles of her shoulder. My cock was pushing up my pants again and I noticed a small wet spot starting to appear. I ran my fingers slightly down her front as my thumbs worked her neck muscles. She moaned, tilting her head forward and I slid my hands back to the inner part of her shoulders, on bare skin now as my fingers worked their magic.

She loosened the buttons on the front of her blouse, then pushed it off her shoulders exposing the lightly freckled skin as I worked more of the joints. Her breathing was getting deeper and her skin was taking on a warm pink glow. My burgeoning manhood was telling me to make a move but I listened to my inner voice telling me to behave. I continued to gently but firmly massage from her shoulders to her neck and back, soft sighs and moans escaping her lips.

Something jolted her back to reality as she slowly pulled her blouse back up. She turned and smiled at me again, "Your mom taught you very well. But then you always were an apt pupil." Her lips were just inches away, her flowery perfume filling my nostrils and sending another charge through my turgid monster.

She turned facing me, then leaned back on the sofa. "Let's see if y'all that good on legs," she smiled, her accent returning as she placed her feet in my lap. She was staring at the bulge in my pants now. It was just inches from her delicate feet as she ran the nylon covered toes as close as she could without touching it. She reached down under her skirt in an overt move, her satin panties flashing a brilliant white light as she undid the clasps on her garter belt. She spread her legs in an invitation, the white satin panties now clearly in view and sending a charge through my cock as I felt another drop escape the tip.

"Take off my stockings." It was a command, not a request. I leaned forward, her feet now coming into contact with the hard lump of meat in my pants. It was an exquisite feeling and I had to concentrate very hard not to spill my load right then and there.

My hands reached up to her soft inner thighs and as I had done with Kathy, I caressed the delicate skin of her upper thighs. I let my fingers tickle the skin just above the stockings and she closed her eyes smiling, her feet clamping down on my manhood again. I took hold the upper part of the nylon and slowly began to roll it down her thighs, over her knees, and then finally the firm muscles of her calves. Her feet still clenched my hard-on as I squeezed them together and pushed my manhood back against them.

I could feel my cum boiling and quickly pulled away, taking the first stocking with me. She opened her eyes as I looked down on her, the hunger in both our eyes as I stared at the bare flesh left exposed after she had loosened the top buttons of her blouse earlier. She had a funny smile on her face. It was an "I dare you" look that said she wanted it to continue but it wasn't proper. I reached up and pulled the other stocking quickly from her leg, then fell forward on top of her as she spread her legs wide open in invitation.

I slowly lowered my face, inching closer until she finally raised her head and our lips met in a soft kiss. I let it linger a moment, then pressed back sucking her lower lip between mine. She hungrily kissed back, her hands caressing my neck before running through my hair and sending quivers through my spine. I pushed my solid lump against her panty covered crotch as we slowly began to dry hump as we kissed.

She was an experienced older woman. Did she expect me to take charge and remove the rest of our clothes or did she think this was just a harmless make-out session? With limited experience, I wasn't sure so I continued to kiss her as she slipped her soft, moist tongue between my lips. I answered by rubbing my stiff, aching rod harder against her welcoming cunt. I was happy with the foreplay if that was all it would amount to.

My hand reached down to her bare chest as I softly kissed her neck, and then gently sucked her earlobe. My fingers slid under her bra and captured the small round hillock it had been protecting. I squeezed gently before taking the nipple between fore-finger and thumb and tweaking it to erection. It grew quickly and the flesh around her areola swelled as her excitement grew. I kissed down further until I could suck that turgid nipple between my lips and tickle it with my tongue.

"Oh, shit!" she moaned. She grabbed my head, trying to sit up. She started to reach for my pants, and then the phone rang. "Oh Fuck! Not now." She glanced up at the beautiful hardwood Seth Thomas clock on the wall and knew she had to answer it. "It's my husband."

She stood up, pulling her skirt down as she went to get the phone. She took a deep breath before she picked up the receiver, a forced smile replacing the passion in her expression.

"Hi honey," she answered. "What's that noise in the background?" she asked, trying to get her breath back and sound as normal as possible. Her tone turned sarcastic, "TV, right. Just remember what the State Department told you in that tutorial. You get caught with a hooker, they lock you up and they can't help you. And if you bring back a disease, I will cut your dick off and shove it down your throat until it comes out your ass!" Then she slammed down the phone, her face a beet red as the anger glowed in her bright green eyes.

She looked down at me and my rigid pole and immediately felt guilty. I breathed a sigh of relief as she started to apologize. I got up cupped her face and kissed her gently but firmly, sliding my tongue between her sweet lips. She kissed back passionately, the anger flowing from her body as she slowly started to relax again.

She squeezed my prick, a look of empathy replacing the passion in her eyes. She looked me in the eye as she said, "This was probably wrong. I'm no better than that little PT Lori."

"You know about that?" I coughed.

"Of course I do. I'm a teacher. We have eyes in the back of our heads. We see everything."

"Why didn't you ever say anything. I could have told her and she would have stopped."

"Why would I want to do that? She obviously enjoys having you watch her, you obviously enjoy watching her, and I certainly enjoy watching that bulge in your pants grow every afternoon. What? You think only men get horny after months without sex?"

"Look Joey, it's late and you should probably get home for dinner before your mother starts to worry. Do you have any time tomorrow to finish grading papers?"

"Well, a bunch of us are playing baseball in the park tomorrow morning but we usually quit around lunchtime. I could come over after that."

"Hmm, think they'd mind if an old school marm came around to watch you play? They wouldn't tease you too much would they?"

"Well, you're not that old and if you show up, you might cause a few more bulging pants if you wear one of those tight skirts."

"I think I've just been complimented." She leaned in and kissed me passionately, her doubt about whether this was right or wrong quickly forgotten.

"Go clean up and then scoot home. I wouldn't want your mom seeing you covered in lipstick. If I don't see you at the park, just come here when you're done playing games." There was a certain sarcastic tone in that last phrase but I clearly knew what she meant.

I was totally confused now. I had kissed my teacher, sucked her tits, and even dry humped her and she was acting like I was her boyfriend instead of a student. Then when we're both worked up and on the edge, she's able to act like it was just a friendly get together. But that last kiss promised so much before she hurried me out the door. I cursed her husband's timing repeatedly during my short walk home.

My mind raced all night wondering what would happen Saturday when I went to grade papers. Would she have a change of mind and be all business? I was too nervous that night to even jack-off, running scenarios through my head about what to say and do if she even hinted that she wanted to continue what we had started.

******************************************

I woke up early Saturday from my restless sleep grabbing a bowl of cereal for breakfast before I showered. My parents always slept in on Saturday and I knew they appreciated me leaving them alone when I went to play sports on the weekends. For me it was an invigorating break from my studies and for them, a chance to have passionate sex with no one listening.

I had heard them having sex often while growing up, even though they tried to be quiet. I think my mom made more noise trying to be quiet than she would have if she just let herself go. I tested out my theory one Saturday by leaving my bedroom door and window open. My bedroom was off the kitchen so I figured I could sneak back into my room and listen to see how much noise they made. I gave them about a half hour and then went to the side of the house where my bedroom was. I was about to climb in when I noticed the movement in the kitchen.

Mom and dad were still an attractive couple even though they both turned forty this year. Mom was wearing a baby doll top, apparently she forgot the bottoms. Dad had his bathrobe on and I knew my dad never wore anything underneath it. He wasn't shy about letting the whole world know that he slept in the nude. As mom bent down to light the oven (it was an old gas stove), her wide ass was exposed and dad came right up behind her opening his robe and exposing his already firm member just before sliding it into her juicy pussy. They must have been at each other from the moment I walked out the door and now were going for seconds. It just slipped in way to easy for them to have just started.

Mom gave a little shout of surprise but certainly didn't object to it. She started pushing back and within a couple minutes, they had a steady rhythm going and she was moaning loudly. I was wondering if the neighbors might here since I left my window open but there was a fair amount of distance between houses. He pumped her for a solid ten minutes before she came loudly proclaiming it and he followed suit moments later.

My theory verified, I headed to the park noticing that I had indeed been excited at watching my parents screw. It seemed a little perverted on one hand, but I was glad they still had a solid sexual relationship at a time when most couples are losing interest in each other. I was detached from the emotional aspect of their relationship and viewed this as just sex. Any guilt I had at watching them quickly faded as I pictured mom naked and a gorgeous symbol of sexuality.

Back to the present, I noticed George and Jeff coming in the west entrance of the park while I was coming in the south entrance. Jack and most of the others were quickly filing in the east entrance. We had sides chosen up and were playing the first game by 8:30. Our routine was to choose up sides and then play two five inning games and then re-choose sides, repeating the process until everyone wanted to go home.

We had four games completed when Mrs. Taylor started to wander in pretending to be walking the garden trail and then checking out the plaques by the different trees and bushes. She was wearing a tight pair of faded jeans that hugged her hips and with the short, pink, mohair sweater, it left about 2 inches of bare midriff exposed. She had gone easy on the make-up and her hair was pulled back into a pony tail making her look more our age than her actual 28 years. She looked adorable. Most of the guys didn't even recognize her until she said hello and sat down to watch us play.

When I came in from the field, I sat down next to her and we made small talk about how the game was going. She asked why I didn't play on the varsity team and I told her about a difference of opinion with coach P back when I was in 10th grade. He let me know then than I wouldn't be playing any varsity sports. Bothered me at first, but I quickly got over it and stuck to pick-up games.

We were tied in the last inning of our last game for the day. I started the inning with a lead-off double. Albert grounded out to second allowing me to easily get to third. Jack the Giant (he was 6'5" and 220 pounds) nailed a long fly ball to left and I basically trotted in with the winning run. Mrs. Taylor got so excited that she came running down to meet me and gave me a quick hug and yelled "Great game!" She then got a little embarrassed and decided she should congratulate some of the other players.

I got a few questionable stares from my friends until we saw Kathy come over and do the same with Jack, only giving him a brief kiss as well. It appeared that none of us had known they were seeing each other now. George, one of my closer friends came over to console me.

"Is that what your fight was about this week? You ok with this?"

"I'm fine George. Jack's a good guy. They'll be a model couple. Probably King and Queen of the prom."

"Well, my folks left some beer in the fridge if you want to come back to my house for a few drinks."

"Thanks, but I promised Mrs. Taylor I would help her grade papers again. She's had a rough week."

"Yeah, well I'd guess you better not be to 'hard' on her then." His double meaning did not go unnoticed and I popped him in the arm before going back to join her.

I was a sweaty, dusty mess and I told her I would run home and shower and then go right to her house. But she insisted I was fine and we should just get back to her place and get started. We made good time covering the two blocks to her house.

"Can I at least wash my face?" I pleaded feeling the grit that had accumulated there, among other places.

"Sure. Just don't get carried away. There's something very appealing about a sweaty man, you know."

I had been hoping this would be a continuation of last night but the way we had left things, I thought maybe it would be all business. The tone of her voice was now lighter and inviting. She seemed to have gotten over the issue with her husband and was in a very good mood. I grabbed a wash cloth and cleaned the grit from my face and then did a quick swipe of my underarms. Girls might say they like a sweaty man, but that's an odor that no one likes.

I wandered back out to find Linda was on the sofa and had two beers cracked open for us. She looked sweet and sexy sprawled out on the sofa but she sat up as I entered the room, handing me the beer as I sat down next to her.

"So, you want to talk about that little thing with Kathy and Jack? You seemed a little upset they were together."

"No big deal," I lied. "We're just friends. I just thought she might have confided in me instead of letting me find out like this." The disappointment was evident in my voice.

Linda got all motherly now wrapping an arm around my shoulder and squeezing lightly. I could smell her perfume as her head leaned into mine. She kissed me softly on the cheek.

"You know people will do stupid things to get someone's attention when they are upset. It was obvious that her show of affection was done to get your attention. What did you do that upset her?"

"What makes you think I did something to upset her?" I asked. She just cocked an eyebrow in that teacher-knows-everything way. So I gave in and told her some of the details of the night I unintentionally took her virginity.

"Look Joey, a girl's cherry is very special to her. She's probably upset that the night wasn't all moonlight and roses and that it felt awkward instead of heavenly. We all expect it to be some special romantic event with someone we love and then we get married. Or get married and have the special night. Truth is, that is rarely the case. It's more likely to happen the way it did for you. At least you both came. That's more than most couples get there first time."

She was smiling again, her face just inches away and I felt all that jealousy fade away. I hadn't wanted a serious relationship and avoided getting too close to any of the girls my senior year. I had no one to blame for that other than myself. And now I was alone with a beautiful woman who had ten years more experience than me and I was having a jealous teenager moment.

I turned my head towards her and pulled her in for a kiss. She kissed back, her tongue gently darting between my lips. I tried to pull her into my lap and she almost spilled her beer. She set her beer on the coffee table and plopped into my lap, pinning me back against the sofa.

"Hold on tiger," she laughed. "A few ground rules before we do anything. This will be a casual relationship and NOBODY finds out about it. There will be no jealousy on anybody's part. I am a married woman and I want to stay that way. And when I say it's time to grade papers, y'all better be grading papers. Understood?"

God she had a beautiful smile. How could any man resist it? I nodded and smiled back at her feeling my cock awaken at the thought of making love with this gorgeous, red-headed, southern belle. I raised my hips so she could feel my lump and she grinned and pulled my T-shirt off. She placed her hands on my chest, the sweat not all dried up yet providing some lubricant as she massaged my muscles.

"Let's get you into the bedroom. You're not the only one who knows how to give a massage." Her breathing was getting heavy and her cheeks were starting to get the same shade as her hair. I followed her into her bedroom, the anticipation of what was about to happen making me want to explode.

"Take off those jeans. I don't want dirt on my satin sheets." I watched as she pulled that sexy pink sweater over her head revealing her small round orbs encased in a lacy pink bra. Her nipples were poking into the material signaling her arousal. She slid her jeans off revealing those long firm legs that I had admired all year. She wore matching pink lacy panties that hugged the curve of her hips as well as the mound in front.

"Quit staring and get yer pants off boy!" she yelled excitedly, her southern drawl very evident now in her excitement.

I pulled off my jeans and socks leaving my briefs on even though it looked a little ridiculous tented out in front. I pushed him up flat against my belly but the head was sticking out over the elastic band. I got on the bed and lay down on my stomach. Linda followed but now it was her turn to stare.

"My, my, my. Those are some sweet cheeks y'all got there." Her hands started to firmly massage my buns through the sweat soaked briefs I was wearing. Then she straddled my legs and leaned forward to start working on my upper back. Her hands slid easily over my sweat-soaked back, up to my shoulders, then back down. I could feel my tired muscles relax. I almost forgot about the sex as she worked her magic on my aching back.

She worked her way back up again and leaned down to softly kiss my neck. My cock gave a lurch and a drop of liquid seeped out onto the blue satin sheets. As I pushed my throbbing manhood against the soft fabric, it felt like sliding along bare skin. My body quivered as she sucked my earlobe and I pushed harder into the soft sheets. After the frustrating end to last night, I was ready to pop my nut now and had to really concentrate on calming down.

She seemed to sense my excitement and worked her way back down, kissing a trail over my sweaty back while she caressed my upper thighs. She moved even lower, kissing my thighs, then the back of my knees, kneading my calves. As she worked back up, she slid her hand underneath me and ran it the length of my hardened cock, her fingertips encountering bare flesh as they got past the waistband of my sweaty briefs.

I was dripping copious amounts of lubrication now and she smeared it over the angry purple knob of my rigid manhood. She pulled my briefs down and off me and I lay back down with the full length of my turgid member rubbing along the soft satin sheets. The feeling was exquisite as I turned to see her raise my shorts to her face and inhale the acrid essence. The smell seemed to inflame her and she licked her fingers to taste the leftover lubrication.

She bent down and licked my salty butt, her soft lacy bra tickling the backs of my thighs. Her tongue swept between my cheeks but stopped before getting to the brown hole in my split. Her hand reached underneath again taking a firm hold on my slippery meat as she started to jerk me off. I was close to exploding and didn't want it to be on the sheets. I forced my way onto my back and she quickly swallowed my pole, taking half the salty length into her throat.

Her nostrils flared now as she was determined to make me cum, her hand working in tandem with her sweet lips as my cock pistoned in and out of her mouth. I could feel the cum boiling deep within me as I grabbed her head and held it in place. She squeezed the base tight forcing me to hold back, then shoved her mouth down hard and released her grip as I exploded sending torrents of cum down her willing throat. My head was spinning and my eyes filled with spots as every nerve ending in my body tingled for what seemed like minutes. My ass was raised high off the bed as I continued to shoot wads of cum down her throat.

I eased my grip on her head but her lips stayed sealed around the exploding purple head. As my body started to relax, my ass went back to the mattress and she sucked any remaining cum from my body. She smiled up at me as I gasped for air and I had to laugh.

"Holy shit! What the fuck was that?" I asked, somewhat shell-shocked from my explosion. In all my times jerking off and the few times with a real girl, it had never felt like that.

She finished swallowing and purred, "Never had an orgasm before?" Then she crawled up my body and our lips met in a passionate kiss. Our tongues danced between open lips and the taste of my musky cum only served as fuel to the fire. Her pussy soaked panties were sliding along my still hard cock while we kissed with no intention of slowing down. The soft silk panties only served to increase the friction and excite her clit even more.

I grabbed her ass cheeks, my hands reaching under the edge of the panties, and got our hips into a rhythm with me lifting up as she ground down harder with each stroke. I tried to sit up to take charge but this petite beauty would have no part of it and pinned me down again with adrenaline coursing through her veins. We sucked lips now as she increased the pace until I couldn't keep up anymore.

She used short, firm thrusts of her clit against my engorged mushroom, her nails digging into my shoulder as the orgasm began to overtake her. She broke the kiss gasping for air and moaning loudly. She bucked hard and then froze, gripping me tightly as her body quivered above me. Short, quick movements occasionally interrupted the moments of total stillness and an intermittent grunt was the only sound we heard. It lasted almost a minute and as she started breathing again, I reached down and diddled her clit with my index finger.

In a matter of seconds she started to cum again but I kept on frigging her and she kept cumming until finally grasping my hand and forcing me to stop. She collapsed on top of me, sweat now profusely dripping out of every pore in her body. I reached up and wrapped my arms around her in a gentle embrace while she cradled her head in my neck. We lay like that for fifteen or twenty minutes until I thought she had fallen asleep.

A soft peck on my neck told me my assumption was wrong and I decided it was time for her to get naked. I reached up and unsnapped her bra and she took the hint, rising up enough for me to remove it and see those gorgeous orbs. The pale, pink areola were swollen and capped by bright red, turgid nipples. She dangled them above my mouth, moving as I moved, the tantalizing mounds remaining inches from my mouth.

She finally relented, allowing me to suck the soft, rubbery nipple. My tongue fluttered over the bud like a hummingbird in flight, the rapid motions increasing the blood flowing into the now hard nubbin. Her hips were inching their way up my body, her musky scent wafting to my nostrils and ensuring that my manhood stayed hard.

She sat up, her boob popping out of my mouth, and moved her legs up to capture my arms as she lowered her panty covered crotch over my face. I glimpsed the short red hairs poking out of the edges of her silky panties just before contact was made with my nose. She pressed down until her clit made contact, the wet silk gliding across my nose like she had done with my cock.

I opened my mouth and was able to capture some cloth and move it slightly to the side so my tongue could reach in and taste her delightful nectar. We moaned in unison as the erotic sensations gave us renewed strength.

And then the fucking phone rang again!

"What does that fucking asshole want now?" she bellowed. "He always did have lousy timing." She slid off me and grabbed the receiver from the bedside phone, trying to sound normal.

"Hi honey." There was a pause and then her reply, "No, I've been cleaning the house to give me a break from grading papers." I sat up behind her and reached around to pull her close, my hands eventually drifting upward and capturing her lovely breasts. I pulled my hips closer until my rigid member was trapped between us and softly kissed her back and neck.

I felt her swoon and collapse like a ragdoll in my arms, her breathing ragged. She tried to lightly brush my hands from her breasts, but it only encouraged me and I massaged harder, tweaking the nipples as I kissed her neck and ear. She finally broke free and jumped off the bed.

"What? No, it's a warm day and I have the windows open. The wind is blowing the curtains and there are kids outside riding their bikes," she lied.

The short cord didn't allow her much movement and I climbed off the bed after her. I grabbed her soaked panties and pulled them down while I knelt to remove them. She hit me upside the head and gave me her angry teacher look, but I just smiled up at her. I wasn't going to let him ruin our day the way he ruined last night.

I leaned forward, studying the short red hairs surrounding her swollen pussy lips. I could see her clit poking out from its hood and made sure to avoid that for now as I planted soft kisses on her upper thighs and eventually her wide open cunt. I slowly licked up the juice while my hands ran up and down the backs of her thighs. I gently ran my tongue inside her moist pussy while my hard cock started to ooze pre-cum onto the hardwood floor.

She mumbled something and then reached down and grabbed my underarm and yanked me up, her strength once again surprising me. I stood in shock facing her as she covered the mouthpiece and quickly kissed me, smiling to let me know she wasn't really mad. She reached down and took hold of my dripping cock, smearing the liquid as she had done earlier.

"Uh-huh, yes dear. No I'm just dusting while we talk. (...)I didn't get that. (...)The connection is getting bad. (...)Why don't you call me back tomorrow. (...) Ok, talk to you then. Love you too." She hung up the phone. "He's a fucking windbag when he's drunk."

I picked her up and set her down gently on my cock. Her swollen pussy opened wide, allowing me to slide all the way in, our combined juices sloshing around as we started to fuck. She kissed me hard as she wrapped her legs behind me and held on tight. I lifted her up and down on my burgeoning cock, her now sweat-soaked mane slapping against her skin in time to our genitals. I felt the cum boiling deep within me and tried to stave off the feeling as I listened to her pant in harmony with our fucking.

"Ohh, yes, yes, yes!" She was cumming again, every bit as intense as before and I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. I also knew that my legs wouldn't hold us up much longer so I turned and set her on the bed while I started to pile-drive into her. She was having multiple orgasms as I felt the cum bursting through the swollen head of my cock. My cum was blasting her cervix now as it streamed out of me while I continued to pummel her pussy. Again the tingling started in my cock and emanated outward in every direction ensuring that every nerve ending felt release. Her cunt locked around my hard cock as it continued to shoot streams of cum deep inside her.

I kept myself perched above her with my cock buried deep inside her while we kissed softly, enjoying the afterglow of our union. In my wildest dreams I had never thought that sex could be this good. We stayed like this for several minutes until my cock shrunk and slipped out of her pussy. We both smiled at the sensation and I rolled off of her and collapsed on my back, feeling like Superman around kryptonite, the muscles in my body as limp as my cock.

She scooted over to snuggle with me, her damp hair feeling cool on my burning flesh. Her left boob rested on my chest and I had to reach down and toy with the nipple. I felt her jump and immediately removed my hand just before she slapped me.

"Enough. Are you trying to kill me? My skin is really sensitive right now." She smiled at me and laughed. "I forgot how much I enjoyed sex. You are going to make many women very happy young man."

A sudden feeling of dread came over me. "I didn't use a condom! What if you get pregnant?"

"Whoa, calm down. I'm taking the pill. I don't stop taking it just because Eddie goes away for a while."

I felt a little relief and hugged her close again. The feeling of dread was not completely gone as I realized that it would not be that easy to keep our relationship detached from our true feelings. My simple crush could easily become an obsession if the sex was this good every time. And with Kathy fawning over Jack today, I might not have another female to talk to for the foreseeable future.

Linda sensed my insecurity. "Don't think we're going to fall in love, because that's not what this is."

"I know, it's just lust. But how do you separate the two feelings?"

"We will, even if I have to find another outlet for your lust and share you with someone else."

"Oh, you have someone in mind then? Miss Raphael perhaps?"

"Tina? Hmm, she probably would go for it if I knew how to broach the subject. But I'm not ready to share you with another teacher just yet. Have you thought about calling Kathy and apologizing for the other night. It might be all you need to patch up your relationship before she gets too involved with Jack. You need a relationship with someone your own age if we want to keep our relations casual."

"I don't know. I promised myself I wouldn't get too serious about anybody until my college degree was in sight. And if I'm not ready to be monogamous, it wouldn't be fair of me to expect it from Kathy."

"Ok, end of discussion for today. Let's take a shower and get this sweaty mess off our bodies and I'll make some lunch. You still have to grade papers today young man."

We took our shower together. She stood with her back to the shower letting the hot water cascade down over her tired, sore body. I was facing her thoroughly enjoying the view of her lightly freckled face, full red lips and puffy little tits. The freckles thinned as my eyes traveled down the chiseled muscles of her stomach, her navel a tiny pocket in the center of her flat, tight abs. Her bright red bush had been trimmed somewhat, a bikini trim it was called, making a well-shaped triangle above her pussy with thin red hairs covering the lips. The bright white skin of her upper thighs was like a spotlight on that bush making it seem darker and thicker than it actually was. She had well-toned calves, like a dancer, and her dainty feet were well manicured with red nail polish that matched the shade of lipstick she usually wore at school.

My cock quickly came back to attention, sprouting awkwardly in front of me. I grabbed the soap and began lathering her front, rubbing the cold bar across her nipples and watching them stiffen before me. I rubbed more up her chest and neck, her eyes closed as she tilted her head back. I knelt down to do that flat tummy, my eyes finally getting a chance to study a woman's nether regions. Her pussy was still excited, the red lips swollen and vagina wide open like a beautiful red orchid.

I rubbed the soap into her bush, and then spread the lather with my fingers, working it through the hair before dropping down to massage the pussy that had given me so much pleasure today. My cock was dripping lubricant again and I was praying that we would have sex at least one more time today. She leaned under the spray creating a waterfall down her front that I used to rinse away the suds, her open cunt now a clear, sweet-smelling cave for me to explore.

I lathered those alabaster thighs as I leaned forward to taste her inviting pussy. I scraped her thighs gently and she moaned softly. When my tongue made contact with her slit, her hands grabbed my head, trying to force me away. I licked up her slit to her swollen clit and her grip changed, gently pulling me closer she gave in to her primal urges. I sucked the bud between my lips and let my tongue flutter over it as she sighed. She leaned back against the shower wall, the full force of the spray now landing on my head and back as I tried to concentrate on bringing her pleasure one more time.

She tightened her grip on my head while gasping for air and tried to squeeze her legs closed. I sucked the little nubbin hard and flicked my tongue against it in rapid motions until I heard that last gasp and loud moan echo through the small bathroom. I rinsed off her legs while placing soft kisses around her pussy and upper thighs. She worked her fingers through my wet hair, and then finally pulled me up as we met in a hot, passionate kiss. Her arms were wrapped around me in a lover's hug and there was a warmth in her kiss that I hadn't noticed before. My hard-on was trapped between our bellies but I kept him still for now not wanting to spoil the moment.

"That was amazing," she said softly between kisses. "I've never felt anything quite like that before. You practice that particular move on your little girlfriend?" she smiled.

"What's the matter. Never had an orgasm before?" I grinned. "And no I haven't practiced that. I just really wanted to please you," I smiled back.

She looked inquisitive. "Well, y'all learned that someplace. We don't teach that in sex-ed."

I grinned again, "I guess I read a lot."

She giggled. "Well, whatever pornography you have been reading young man, please leave a copy around the house for Eddie. It has never felt like that with him. He's always in such a hurry."

"Speaking of which," I said as I started working my hard cock between our bodies. She got into the rhythm, then slowly lowered her body a few inches until my cock was rubbing against her boobs. I almost came as I watched her grip my hard cock and worked it across her stiff nipples. But she had something else in my and stood up and moved around me.

She lathered my back as the water sprayed down on me, the hot water starting to go colder. I didn't mind as she worked the soap into my butt cheeks and I felt her finger run through my crack and fondle my tight bung hole. She put the soap back and reached around me, her lathered hand starting to jerk me off. She pressed her little titties into my back as she increased the tempo of her strokes and then I felt that soapy finger at my back door again.

She gently worked her finger inside the tight hole as I felt the cum boiling up inside me. She gave one final shove and her entire finger was buried deep inside me as jets of cum burst forth and splashed against the shower wall. The sensation came upon me so fast, that I was shocked at how powerful the orgasm was. I thought I was drained from our previous endeavors, but here I was again spurting an endless stream of cum as the tingling washed across my body.

She continued to work the finger slowly in and out as my orgasm subsided, cum still dripping out as my hard-on waned. She was pressing down on something as she pulled out and tingles continued to rush through my body even though my cock stayed limp. She grabbed the soap again and washed her hands before scrubbing down the rest of my body. The water was cold now as we quickly rinsed off and stepped out of the shower.

I was drying her off when I said, "I guess somebody else reads a lot too. That wasn't a trick you learn on your own."

"Maybe someday I'll tell you how I learned, but not today. I'm hungry and we still have a mountain of papers to grade."

We walked back into the bedroom and I started to get my clothes. She pulled them from me and threw them on the floor, leading me naked into the kitchen. She then sat me in a chair at the table and went to the fridge for cheese and sandwich meat. We chatted while we ate, talking about what we wanted our futures to be and how we planned to achieve them. Then she cleaned up the table and brought out the stacks of papers to grade.

We stayed naked and each graded a different class, finally finishing up almost three hours later. I never would have thought I could sit naked next to a beautiful woman that long without getting a hard-on. But after finishing that last paper and placing it back in the folder, I had a couple minutes to observe her while she was finishing her last two tests. Her hair was dry now and she had pulled it back into that ponytail she wore this morning to the park. 

Her skin was flawless, save for the freckles that lightly dotted the upper part of her chest and face. She had no make-up on but was still just as stunningly attractive as that first day in class last year. Her beauty with that bubbly personality was a rare combination and Eddie was one lucky man to have married her.

I studied her breasts now as she was hunched over the table. I had noted before that they were small but full. Now with her hunched over and leaning forward, I saw just how full they were as the flesh stretched the skin and made them look twice their normal size. A nipple hit the table as she sat back, finally finished. I watched the nipple grow from the inadvertent contact and my manhood felt the blood flow once again. With me leaning back, the burgeoning monolith was in plain sight and Linda smiled.

"You sir are incorrigible."

"Well, you milady are simply beautiful and I find you very hard to resist."

The phone rang and she instinctively looked at the clock. Eddie again being the dutiful husband that she knew in truth he wasn't. She got up and took her chair over by the phone, motioning for me to join her. I sat down and she answered the phone, sitting in my lap and facing me.

"Hi honey," she answered, taking hold of my cock and rubbing it against her pussy. "I didn't think you'd call back after this morning. I figured you'd be sleeping it off. ...yeah, well I'm horny too. ...you want to have sex over the phone?"

She smiled down at me as she rose up and lowered her moist cunt onto my rock hard prick. I inhaled deeply and felt the tingles as she gripped my cock with her pussy. She held the phone by her mouth as she kissed me, a loud wet kiss with her tongue dueling mine.

"That was me kissing you sweetie," she breathed deeply into the phone. "Yes, I can feel your hard cock deep inside babe," she moaned as she started fucking me. "Yeah, I'm really playing with myself right now. Do you have that hard little cock in your hand, honey?" She kissed me again while I held her hips and pushed up into her.

"I know it's not that small honey. In fact, it feels much bigger inside me right now. I'm on top of you and slamming down hard. Can you feel it? Are you close to cumming because I'm ready honey?"

I reached down and diddled her clit and she slammed down one last time, a loud moan escaping her lips. "Oh shit baby. I'm cumming, I'm cumming." She kissed me passionately, her nostrils flared as her climax washed over her. Her passion waning, she started talking to Eddie again.

"Did you cum, honey? Was it good for you? ...Oh, you know I came. Yes, that was real babe. I, ah, I was kissing my arm while I played with myself." She raised her eyebrows, her eyeballs rolling back in her head signifying that this idiot believed her and that she just wanted to get off the phone.

"Yeah, maybe we can do this again sometime. You sleep well and I'll talk to you tomorrow."

She hung up the phone and noticed that there was still a hard cock buried deep inside her moist pussy. She climbed off and stared down at me with that hungry look I saw earlier today. Her body had that same warm pink glow from earlier as well.

"I am going to order a pizza and then you are going to call your mother and tell her you're staying for dinner. I am not sending you home to your mother in that state."

We ate the pizza and spooned on the sofa with my hard cock buried inside her as we watched a movie on TV. She did just enough moving to keep me hard and then would stop when she felt me getting close, knowing the teasing would keep us both tingling until she was ready to cum again. The movie was just about over when I started to diddle that hard clit again and there was no stopping this time. Her hips pushed back and her pussy tightened, squeezing my cock and letting me know it was ok to cum. I gently massaged her clit between my thumb and forefinger and gave one last shove with my cock as we came together, our moans mixing in harmony as my cum once again splashed against her cervix.

We continued to cuddle with my shrinking cock held tight between her pussy lips refusing to let me go. When the movie ended, she reluctantly allowed me to escape being careful not to let any cum drip on the sofa. We went to the bathroom and washed up again and then I reluctantly got dressed while she slipped back into the robe she had put on for the pizza delivery boy.

We kissed a little more until she finally forced me out the door. I sprinted home allowing my legs to stretch out and reenergize me. When I got home, mom and dad were waiting for me.

"Well, you were a little later than I expected young man," my mother stated in a concerned motherly tone.

"Sorry mom. She's very lonely. Her husband has been in Egypt for months now. We just sort of lost track of time while we were talking. Did you and dad ever have to be apart that long?"

"Just after we were first married and he had to go to war in Korea. I guess I can understand how she would get lonely, but doesn't she have any friends her own age?"

"Yes, but it is Saturday night and she said she wasn't in a party mood. They get drunk and the single girls start looking for guys and she feels left out and even lonelier. I think it was good for her to just have someone to talk to."

"I suppose. You make sure you finish your own homework now that you've helped her do all of her work." Mothers never change.

"I will mom. And you kids don't stay up too late." I heard them chuckling as I left the room.

I plopped down on my bed exhausted and extremely pleased with myself. This had been the greatest day of my young life and I had no regrets or remorse about what happened for a change. Sex could be a good thing. You just needed the right partner and the right frame of mind. I removed my dirty clothes and crawled into bed, my mind quickly filled with dreams of what my summer might be as I drifted off to sleep.

***********************************

I HAVE IDEAS FOR PART TWO (I DID CALL IT TEACHER, TEACHER AS IN TWO TEACHERS) BUT IT MAY TAKE A FEW WEEKS FOR THE SEQUEL. I HOPE YOU'VE ENJOYED THIS JOURNEY.

Teacher, Teacher Ch. 02
byMalomar©

It is assumed that you have read Part I before reading this but just in case, this fictional account takes place in the late 1960s.

*

I awoke Sunday morning to bright sunlight streaming through the open window and stretched my tired and surprisingly sore body, my morning wood quickly bringing back memories of yesterday. I stroked it a few times, my hard-on once again totally invigorated and ready to go until I realized how bad I had to pee. I looked at the clock and realized I had been asleep for almost ten hours and didn't remember getting up during the night to go to the bathroom as I normally would.

I stretched again, feeling my back muscles tighten up slightly and pushed myself out of bed. As I stood, my back ached even more and my legs felt like jelly. Who knew sex could be such a workout. The pain helped my desire to wane a bit and I pulled on my light robe and made my way to the bathroom, the morning wood still forcing the robe out slightly from my body. I met my mom in the hallway as she came out of the bathroom.

"Good morning, dear," she whispered and pulled me into her for a bear hug.

She was wearing one of her skimpy, white baby doll outfits, obviously planning the usual Sunday morning kitchen sex feast for my father. My hands floated up under the back of the translucent nylon fabric and encountered her soft bare skin as I hugged her close. Normally this wouldn't bother me that much, but after yesterday, my senses were on high-alert and I could feel my morning wood turning into a steel rod in spite of my desperation to urinate. I leaned into her and kissed her softly on the neck as had been our customary practice since I was a little kid snuggling with her at nap time.

She had applied fresh perfume while in the bathroom and I felt myself get dizzy as my full eight inches made contact with my mom's lower belly, just inches from the top of her pubic hair, which had been readily visible through the thin cloth as I approached her. I felt her sharp intake of breath at the contact and she gripped me tighter, my dick flexing upward and flattening against her belly. My nose ran the length of her neck and then sniffed lightly behind her ear as I softly kissed her earlobe.

She tightened her grip even more as my hands drifted lower on her back, her breathing now ragged. I could feel her stiff nipples poking through my light-weight robe and burning my chest. She moved her lower belly almost imperceptively, but it felt like a belly-dancer's move to my aching, stiff rod. I remembered again that this was my mother and I really had to pee bad now. I had this intense desire to kiss her passionately, but I gently pushed away, our bodies separating though only a few inches apart.

Her perfume still wafting through my senses and my rod now poking out from the opening to my robe, I started to apologize. "I'm sorry ..." She looked to be in a daze with her hand reaching out toward my manhood. I touched her face, our eyes meeting for the first time.

"I'm sorry mom," I said again as I wrapped the robe around me, covering my protruding manhood.

"It's alright dear," her voice still soft. "You're a man now and these things happen that you can't control. Let's not make a fuss about it."

Her smile promised so much, but that would be for dad and not me. I would say that I warmed her up for him, but she was horny before we ever met in the hallway. At least I knew where I got my sex drive. I squeezed past her into the bathroom and shut the door. What the hell was I doing? That was mother and I almost lost control around her. Hell, she almost lost control. Why did sex have to get so confusing again after such a wonderful day as yesterday had been?

My woody finally went down enough for me to drain it, the shrinking hose still managing to send a ripple of chills through my body like another orgasm. I finished the rest of my morning rituals, shortening my shower so I could get out of the house before the noise started. I decided on cookies for breakfast and through some into a lunch bag to share with the guys. I grabbed my cap, ball and glove and headed to the ball field to work out some frustrations. It was a short walk to the field, but I was having trouble keeping thoughts of my mother out of my head. I needed to see Mrs. Taylor today.

George and Jeff were already there so I shared the cookies with them while we waited for the rest of the guys to show up. We lamented how there were no good shows on Friday night now as all three channels had re-runs last night. They thought we should have gone to the movies last night to see if we had the guts to buy tickets to Harry, Cherry, and Raquel, an X-rated film that was showing downtown at one of the mainstream theatres. We knew we would have been too embarrassed to risk having someone we know see us go in there.

George invited us over to his house after we were done. It was hard to say no to him because we had been friends so long.

"C'mon, the Yanks are on at 1:00...and my mom's making pastries for Sunday dinner," George stated with a huge smile when he mentioned the pastries. His mom was a child when her family came over from Italy and she had all her mom's recipes. The canolis would just melt in your mouth. His mom was nice with a pretty face but the pounds had tacked on gradually over the years so she was a little plump now. But she always had a smile on her face and something delicious cooking in the oven, which made her very popular with our crowd.

We only played for three hours before folks started getting hungry and decided to call it a day. We took the back entrance to the park to head towards George's place. The walk would take us within a few houses of where Mrs. Taylor lived and when we got to the street, I casually looked down to her house and noticed there were three other cars in her driveway. Guess I wouldn't be seeing her today.

"Hey, doesn't Mrs. Taylor live down this street?" Jeff asked. "Man, what I wouldn't give for one night with her."

"You wouldn't know what to do with her," George replied.

"But it sure would be fun trying," I laughed. I hoped they hadn't noticed any change in me and didn't want to start acting differently by defending her honor.

"This coming from the teacher's pet," George said seriously. "If anybody has a chance with her, it would be you. Man, you would do the IQ crowd proud if you could even kiss her." I could sense the frustration in his voice and Jeff was just nodding as we walked along.

I couldn't tell them about what had happened with her yesterday let alone the feelings I had for my mom this morning. It would be all around school before we got in tomorrow morning and Mrs. Taylor would be transferred or fired and I would be a pariah with any decent girl at school. No, I just had to keep my mouth shut, enjoy the sex while I could, and realize that when her husband came home it was over and time to move on. It was a tough job, but someone had to do it. I grinned as we walked and George took notice, giving me the raised eyebrow.

"Ok, I can't say I haven't thought about kissing her or doing a whole lot more. But when we're alone grading papers, she's all business or she's talking about her husband," I lied.

They both shook their heads knowingly, like that was how they expected every teacher to be around students. As we approached George's house, the aroma of sweet baked goods was floating in the air and all thoughts of sex quickly faded as our hungry bellies took over. George's mom, Angie Russo, was as Italian as they come and by far the best cook of any of our mothers. She was in her early fifties with light brown hair that had streaks of gray, almost like it was highlighted that way. The few extra pounds she now carried filled out her ample bosom and had kept away any wrinkles from that lovely smiling face.

She greeted us all with a hug and kiss on the cheek as she always had. I had never thought of her in a sexual way before, but now being squished against those soft pillows on her chest, I realized she was still a beautiful, vibrant woman and George's dad was one lucky man. She was already heating up leftover lasagna for our lunch yelling "Mangi, mangi, you boys eat like birds!"

We had a great afternoon together watching baseball and talking about girls, sports, and these new things called computers that were going to be revolutionized by something called a micro-chip. Then Jeff had to bring up TV.

"Did you guys watch Dean Martin Thursday? Joey Heatherton was on their singing and dancing wearing a negligee. My pecker was standing straight up. She's a lot better looking Joey than you are man," he said looking straight at me and laughing at the reference to our similar names...

"She reminds me of Joey's mom," George said, breaking that unwritten oath of talking about someone else's mom in reference to sex. He could see my facial expression change. "Seriously man, your mom is a fox. She's as beautiful as any actress." Jeff just nodded in agreement.

So maybe my feelings this morning weren't that weird after all. Dad and I weren't the only ones who thought that mom was drop dead gorgeous. Maybe that yearning this morning was normal. Time would tell.

When the game was over, Jeff and I headed home while George readied himself for a Sunday dinner feast. I walked back the way we came, but cut down Mrs. Taylor's street, hoping her guests had left. They hadn't, as I noticed the same 3 cars parked in her driveway, so I jogged the rest of the way home.

It was a pretty quiet dinner with mom barely looking at me and dad ogling mom like he was ready for some more Sunday breakfast sex. They must have had a really wild session after I left. I quickly ate and excused myself so I could type up my paper for English class that was due Monday. I had written it last week but was sidetracked by my time with Mrs. Taylor and had never gotten around to typing it. Miss Raphael would be really pissed if she had to decipher my handwriting on another paper and I aimed to keep her happy.

*********************************************

I woke up Monday morning and had showered and eaten before mom and dad even made it out of bed. I only had one bus I could take and that got me to school at 7:30, enough time to double check homework before classes started at 8:00. Ione sat next to me on the bus, which was quite unusual but she was late getting to the stop and had to take the empty seat next to me instead of in back with the 'cool' girls.

Ione was a female jock. She was about the same height as me with a curvaceous body and better abs than I could ever dream of having. We had known each other since fifth grade when she was the first girl in class to need a training bra. She was almost a half foot taller than me back then, but her growth spurt slowed and I caught up to her last year. She had shoulder length auburn hair with just a hint of curls but today it was pulled into a ponytail. She wasn't wearing makeup and she didn't need to but usually did anyway. I was used to seeing those soft pouty lips covered with a light red lipstick. They looked just as kissable today without the red wax on them.

"Hey beautiful, to what do I owe the honor?" I asked, in a tone that only a friend could get away with.

"I hate Mondays. There should be a law against having gym class for first period. Fucking periods!"

"Uh-oh. That explains it." I held her hand and she calmed down, leaning her head on my shoulder. She looked exhausted and now I knew why. Mom got the same way when she had her periods.

"Thanks. I'm just beat. I was up late writing that paper for English and then this hit and now having gym class...." She leaned her head back on my shoulder and drifted off to sleep. She was wearing a tight pink, polyester top with a white cotton skirt that was showing a lot of her long luxurious legs. With her napping, my eyes had the freedom to roam without fear of being caught. She had a full chest pushing out that pink fabric and it looked like...nipples pushing through the thin material. She had mentioned once before that she needed to wear a different kind of bra for sports because her boobs were so big. I guess her uniforms hid this little secret in the past.

I woke her up when we got to school, reluctantly looking away from those hardened nipples. It wasn't until then that I realized I'd had a hard-on and I quickly grabbed my books and put them in my lap. She stood up, suddenly alert and grabbed me as I stood. "Thanks, you're the best," followed by a peck on the cheek and she was off.

"See you in English," I gushed. In seven years she had never given me a kiss before, though we were used to holding hands in a brother-sister sort of way when we walked home in grade school. Maybe it was just her period making her act differently.

Ione came running into English class just as the bell sounded, looking very flustered and a little ragged again. The top two buttons of her satiny pink top were undone exposing that ample cleavage now encased in a white lace bra. Apparently those sporty ones weren't that comfortable. Her skin was flushed; her face red from running I assumed, but that bountiful cleavage now more in view as she leaned a little forward, had a shimmering pink glow.

Her hand was playing with a buttonhole as she stared straight ahead at Miss Raphael. My attention to her breasts was averted when Miss Raphael asked us to pass in the stories we had written. I hadn't noticed her when I came into class, still daydreaming about the bus ride, but I was now focused on the same wondrous sight that had captured Ione's attention.

The petite and lovely Miss Raphael was wearing her normal black to match her hair, but her skirt was shorter than normal and the material of her skirt and blouse was a shiny black satin. The tightness of the top accentuated how small her breasts were and the short skirt led down to black hose and black patent leather shoes with three inch heels. When added to her usual mascara coated eyelashes and bright red lipstick, she looked like a fifteen year old hooker instead of an English teacher.

Ione and I were the only two students in the back row and Miss Raphael appeared to be looking straight at us as she talked. I glanced to my left at Ione and noticed her fingers were now playing along the top of her exposed chest. I started to stare as her fingers went lower, her nails now scraping gently across that inviting cleavage. This went on for several minutes, my boner getting harder and pushing up my pants.

I really didn't care at this point. This was sexier than watching Lori n Math class. Ione was mere inches away from me instead of across the room. Her eyes stayed focused on Miss Raphael but her hand moved inside her bra and her fingers were now fondling her nipple, the turgid flesh occasionally exposed to my view. My mom had always said her nipples got very tender during her period but this apparently was not a problem for Ione. I glanced at Miss Raphael and her eyes appeared to be locked on Ione, even as she rattled off her spiel for this morning's class. Those long eyelashes seemed to flutter slightly as she watched the same show that I had gone back to.

Ione's tongue slipped out slowly, wetting her lips, then slipped back inside as her nostrils flared, her excitement now obvious. I watched her continue to pinch that nipple, the surrounding mounds of flesh turning a brighter red due to her randy actions. I tried to imagine the purple head of my hard cock sliding into that valley of burning flesh, tempted to reach into my own pants and start jerking off.

Miss Raphael stayed cool and calm for the most part. She would turn and write on the blackboard, but every time she turned around, her eyes went back to the same spot. I could feel my cock leaking lubricant that was just going to waste, knowing there was no way for me to chance jerking off in class. I looked back to see Miss Raphael looking at me with a knowing look. So she caught me looking. What was she going to do? She had been looking as well and was just as guilty. I smiled back at her, emboldened by that thought. She grinned just before turning back to the blackboard, flashing her cute ass in that tight, shiny skirt.

I turned my attention back to Ione, who had stopped playing with her boob but now had hiked her skirt slightly and was slowly working her fingers up her thigh. I could see the sharp, well-defined fingernails as they softly scratched the pink flesh of her inner thigh. Damn I wanted to pull my cock out so bad.

Ione finally noticed I was watching her and took her eyes off our lovely little teacher. She followed my eyes to her crotch like she didn't realize what she was doing to herself. She looked confused for a minute as she stared down at her now exposed panties, then turned more towards me, a small smile appearing on her soft, luscious lips. Those long fingers raked across the cotton cloth covering her now swollen slit. She breathed deeply, her nostrils flaring again as she watched me watching her. She looked at my crotch and saw my long shaft poking my pants almost straight up. She pushed harder on her slit, her finger separating the bulbous lips and forcing the material between them.

Pink flesh came into view and I almost exploded. She slid the panties aside and worked her fingers across her clit as I ran my hand over the bulge in my pants. The string of her tampon was hanging between her swollen pussy lips reminding me of her condition. The aroma of her lubricious excitement was now wafting through the air and I was afraid others in class might notice it. I glanced at the clock and noticed that class was almost over and nodded to her to get her attention. She saw the time and reluctantly removed her fingers from the large nubbin poking out the top of her pussy, moving her panties back into place. She pulled her skirt back down, but didn't bother with the buttons on her tight pink blouse, her inviting cleavage left for me to view.

She leaned over to whisper to me. "Meet me downstairs by the locker rooms," desperation in her voice.

"But I have History class next period."

"I don't give a fuck. Be there," she whispered, this time a command and not a request. Why did women always get so assertive when they were horny?

The bell rang and Ione quickly left. I let most of the others leave ahead of me as I tried to keep my books in front of me to keep my raging hard-on hidden. Just as I got near the door, Mrs. Raphael called out to me.

"Joey, can I see you for a minute?"

I went over to her, noticing her sweet perfume as I got closer. I wet my lips, trying to think up some excuse for what had happened in the back row today. I needn't have bothered.

"Um, I'm going over to Linda's for dinner Wednesday night. Maybe you should see if you can help her grade papers that night." She smiled a devilish smile and looked down at the books covering my crotch.

I smiled back at her. "That sounds like a wonderful idea to me. I think I can work that out." I wanted to reach out and grab one of her tiny little titties but the next class was already filing in so I turned and left. As I got out into the hallway, I remembered my orders from commander Ione and headed down to the basement. I was walking towards the locker rooms when someone grabbed my arm and pulled me into the ladies room.

Ione crushed her lips to mine, her hands holding my head in place in case I resisted. I dropped my books and wrapped my arms around her, my right hand quickly finding that firm round tush. She reached down and grabbed my belt, opening my pants faster than I ever could. Gravity pulled them down but she slipped my undies down enough for my massive rod to pop out.

Her tongue slipped between my lips as she worked my dripping cock with those long, soft fingers and I lifted her skirt up to her waist. Leaving my right hand on her butt, I slipped it under her panties and pulled her closer, my fingers quickly finding their target. She was as wet as I was and you could hear the sloshing sounds as we frigged each other. I reached my middle finger up the length of her slit and found her hardened nubbin, quickly applying pressure and rubbing it as hard as I could without causing pain. She came almost instantly, her body tightening and her lips crushing mine as she tried to suppress the moans escaping her lips.

Her orgasm lasted for almost thirty seconds and I was just about to cum when she grabbed me once again and switched positions, taking my spot against the wall. It was then I noticed the blood on my fingers, explaining the sloshing and excess liquid I felt.

"Eat me!" she exclaimed. I just stared, bewildered. "Eat me!" she yelled her whisper this time, spreading her legs wide. The tampon was gone so she must have had enough time to clean up a little before I got down here.

I dropped to me knees, my rigid cock aching for release. I slid my tongue along her swollen pussy lips, lapping warm red liquid off her soft skin. I swallowed the delicious liqueur as I worked my tongue north towards the large nubbin protruding from her slit, her pubic hair scratching my face lightly.

I sucked the rubbery flesh between my lips and fluttered my tongue across it rapidly. I could feel it swell even more as another orgasm approached. She grabbed my head and held it tight.

"Holy shiiit! Umph, umph. Fuck!" Her throaty sounds echoed through the porcelain room as I grabbed onto my aching meat and started stroking myself, no longer content to be her toy. This orgasm lasted longer than the first and I held my tongue in place until she started to soften her grip, running her fingers through my hair and sending more chills up my spine and down to my swollen cock.

She saw the sorry state I was in and pulled me up as she knelt down. She took the angry purple head between her lips and sucked gently, her fingers coming up to tickle my balls and play near my bunghole. Her tongue swirled around the head as she continued to lightly suck and I could feel the cum boiling deep inside me. I felt my rod swell even more as my cum shot out and bounced off the back of her throat. Stream after stream exploded out as my body quivered from the intensity of my climax. I tried very hard not to force my cock down her throat, but it was a reflex action as my hips pushed forward. She took over half of it into her mouth as she swallowed the copious amounts of semen she was being bombarded with. Her mouth held me tight as she sucked hard, extending the exquisite feelings for a few more precious seconds.

She released my cock as the flow ebbed but I remained hard as she stood up to face me. I kissed her hard, the taste of my own spunk only increasing the fire deep within me. She kissed me back with equal passion, slipping her tongue inside for a lovely duel. I sucked her lower lip while she reached down and wrapped her fingers around my still swollen member. She broke the kiss momentarily.

"You're still hard. Can you do it again?" she asked, the wonder in her voice.

I just nodded and she reached down for her purse and fished out a condom, ripping it open and quickly sliding it over my aching, swollen cock. She had obviously done this before. I wasn't even thinking about what would happen if I got caught in the girl's room. I had to do this. She positioned it at her opening and I moved it a few times across her clit, eliciting moans of pleasure as she started kissing me again.

I slowly pushed it inside, her tight, strong pussy gripping my rigid pole and pulling it in deeper. I started my hips moving slowly and gradually increased the speed, placing my hands beneath her sweet cheeks and lifting her up. I could feel the warm blood oozing out of her body and hoping it wasn't going to stain our clothes. Her arms were wrapped around my neck and her hips were matching mine as I slammed into her, both of us needing a hard fuck to satisfy the pent up emotions from the classroom.

My arms started to tire from holding her up and my legs started to weaken as more blood flowed into my swollen cock. She suddenly increased her hip movement, slamming down on me hard and then holding me there as she exploded again. She tightened her vagina as she convulsed and that was enough to send me over the top again, my cum splashing against the tip of the condom.

I continued to hold her up as we kissed softly and lovingly, feelings that had been hidden for years finally rising to the top. It felt so right kissing her and holding her. My second orgasm seemed to do the trick as my once hard dick was now a shrinking rubber-coated snake. I let her down slowly to make sure she had her legs back before releasing her.

"How is it we never acted on these feelings before?" I asked. Certainly they had been there.

She smiled. "You were always too nice. I never expected anything close to this if we made love. If I had known, I would have been all over you in sixth grade." She smiled and kissed me again. "This was wonderful."

"Well, not to break the magic spell, but we've got a mess to clean up here and there will probably be girls coming in here any minute."

She looked down and noticed the trail of blood down her legs. "Like I said, fucking periods!"

I tossed the bloody condom into the trash. We were both wetting paper towels to clean up our mess and I helped scrub some of the quickly drying blood from her inner thighs, stopping long enough to give a quick peck on her pussy.

My pants escaped any stains and I pulled them up, feeling a slight ooze from my cock now trapped in my briefs. She pulled a tampon from her purse and I watched her insert it and remove the cardboard tube, a little tingle running through her sensitive body.

All-in-all, we were lucky there wasn't more of a mess. She got her clothes back in place, almost looking radiant if it weren't for the exhaustion. I suggested she see her gym teacher and see if she would excuse her for the rest of the day so she could go home and rest.

"Always the thoughtful one. Thanks. Can we go out sometime?"

"I would love that. Why don't you sit with me on the bus tomorrow and we can discuss it." I kissed her softly again. Man, she could become habit forming.

"Ok, scoot before we get caught." I ran across the hall to the boys room and washed up some more making sure there were no signs of blood and hopefully washed away some of the musky aroma of our sexual encounter. I looked at myself in the mirror. How could I change so much in one week? I had been transformed from nice-guy geek to sexual dynamo and had no idea how it happened. All of a sudden girls were finding me sexy and not just cute.

Whatever the cause, my raging libido finally had a release other than my hand and I wasn't going to question the reasons. History class was just about over so I waited in the boy's room until the bell sounded before heading to my next class. I daydreamed through most of it, thinking back on those sweet kisses and how fantastic her lips felt when they were locked around my cock. My thoughts then drifted to what Miss Raphael had said and I thought about how to approach Mrs. Taylor this afternoon.

We had lunch period next and the guys noticed the glazed look on my face. George, Jeff, and even Jack the Giant were staring at me wondering if I was okay. I came out of my trance and whispered, "Ione wants me to ask her out."

There were suppressed yells of "Holy shit" and "Oh man you are so lucky." Everybody had those shit-eating grins on their faces. I looked over at Jack and he seemed to sense my dilemma. After lunch while the guys were cleaning up the table, Jack came over to me, a concerned look on his face.

"You might want to talk to Kathy about that. I know I'm sort of dating her, but it's obvious she still has feelings for you."

"Thanks Jack, I will. I was kind of shocked and a little hurt when she kissed you Saturday at the park. How long have you two been seeing each other?"

"Almost two weeks. I know I should have told you but you know how these guys are. You saw how they reacted when you mentioned Ione. And I really thought Kathy would tell you."

"It's okay man. Probably my fault anyway. I'll talk to her. I hope it works out for you. You make a nice couple." It was a white lie. I still had feeling s for Kathy and wanted to have sex with her again and show her I could do it the right way, but the way I felt after having sex with Mrs. Taylor and now Ione, I knew I wouldn't be content being monogamous with Kathy.

I kept myself focused in Physics class and then headed off to Math class, a sudden anxiety attack hitting me at the thought of seeing Linda, Mrs. Taylor, for the first time since our Saturday lovemaking session. She looked at me as I entered the room, a smile crossing those lovely red lips, and my anxiety melted away. Her shiny red hair was pulled back in a bun again today, leaving more of her lightly freckled face exposed. I took my seated and eyed her lovely figure.

She was wearing a white cotton blouse with an unbuttoned white jacket over it, her lacy white bra only slightly visible if you stared long enough, which of course I did. The tight white skirt matched the jacket and really accentuated that round ass that protruded from the back. The taupe nylons were being supported by a white garter belt, something she made clear to me by bending down to pick up the chalk she intentionally dropped in front of me.

Lori came into class and took what had by now become her new normal seat directly across from me. Her curly blond hair draped down over the round curves of her full breasts. She was wearing a pink lip gloss as she looked across at me and smiled that devilish prick-teaser smile that I had recently come to know and love. She was wearing a pink mohair sweater that just reached down to her waist line, occasionally offering up a glimpse of her tight, flat belly when she moved. The red flowing skirt was longer than what she normally wore but it shimmered as she opened and closed her legs in exaggerated fashion.

As class started, Lori pretended to be taking notes, all the while watching me with that evil grin, knowing that the anticipation was killing me. At one point she stopped taking notes and lifted her hand up towards her chest, her pen pointing straight at one of her large orbs. She nonchalantly started teasing her breast with the pen, knowing that I was watching her every move. Her eyes closed, the exhibitionism obviously turning her on. My dick was likewise turned on and began to rise rapidly in my pants.

Knowing now that Mrs. Taylor was aware of the game we had been playing, I looked at her for clues that she was watching our actions. She turned her head slightly while writing on the blackboard and stole a glimpse of large lump in my pants, a slight grin crossing her face that only I could see.

I looked back at Lori, who had set her pen down, and was now moving her left leg outward as she slowly inched her skirt up her long lovely legs. She was wearing little white bobby sox today instead of the sexy pantyhose and her white flesh shone brightly as the sun streamed through the classroom windows. She was taking her time raising the skirt on her left leg while Mrs. Taylor droned on explaining equations that they all should have understood by now.

Lori now let her left hand crawl up her juicy thigh, moving the skirt as it went. The agonizing trip took several minutes as Lori was intent on teasing me as much as possible. She closed her leg slightly while her hand continued to pull the skirt up. When she opened her legs this time, her bare pussy was in plain sight. No panties and she had shaved the lips exposing that soft luscious cunt to my view. The mound of hair above her pussy had been trimmed somewhat as well but still formed a lovely triangle pointing down to the butterfly shaped lips that she was now separating with her fingers.

What the fuck? She was playing with herself right here in class and my cock was ready to explode again. I could feel the lubricant once again ooze from the swollen purple head as thoughts of tasting Lori's delicious looking pussy danced in my head. Her middle finger slowly penetrated the exquisite flesh and her eyes closed once again, reveling in the feeling of masturbating while someone was watching her.

Mrs. Taylor had paused her lecture and I looked up to notice her glance focused on Lori. I coughed drawing everyone's attention to me and allowing Mrs. Taylor to compose herself and continue on explaining how to decide which variables to use.

Lori continued to work her finger on her moist slit while I watched her. Her eyes wide open now and staring at me as she frigged herself. She placed her right hand over her mouth suppressing the moans that surely would have come screaming out as her fingers rapidly brought her to orgasm. Her thumb and forefinger had a death grip on her clit while I watched her body quiver, her eyes closed as the ecstasy overtook her.

I reached into my pocket and was able to rearrange my rigid cock, pointing him upward and flat so my excitement was less obvious. I looked up at Mrs. Taylor and could see she was obviously flustered by what had just occurred in her classroom. Her face was blushing a beet red making her freckles stand out more than usual. She tried to compose herself as she turned around to face the class.

"Well, it looks like we're done a little early and I need to use the ladies room, so please keep yourselves busy until the bell rings and then you may leave." She then turned and slowly left the classroom.

I looked back at Lori to see her fully composed now, her skirt back down around her long legs. Her fingers were glossy with her cum as she raised them to her lips and tasted her own juice, her nostrils flaring at the aroma that must be overpowering her mind. She sucked her middle finger much like a nervous little child would, an obvious sign that her little masturbation session had quieted the fires that burned within her.

As the bell rang, I quickly got up keeping my books in front of me and walked over to her. She stood silently next to me as everyone quickly ushered out of the room.

"That was fucking great!" she said after everyone had left. "I don't think I've ever cum that hard before."

"Are you crazy?" I asked, more than slightly perturbed at what she had just done. "Do you realize Mrs. Taylor was watching you too? You could get us both into trouble here."

"That's what made it so special, knowing that both of you were watching me."

She ran her moist index finger across my lips, the aroma causing my cock to lurch in my pants. I took her by the arm and led her out of the classroom as the next group of students were filing in. For once, her boyfriend wasn't standing outside waiting for her and I led her down the hallway until we came to the janitor's closet. As the halls emptied, I opened the door and turned on the light pulling her in behind me. I balanced our books on the sink and turned to face her.

She leaned forward and I met her halfway, our lips melding together in a passionate kiss. My right hand went up under the loose red skirt, my index finger sliding effortlessly inside her while my thumb found that hard swollen clit. She slid her hand inside my pants and found my dripping, rigid cock and started jerking me off. She came hard and quick, gasping for air, her hand now gripping my cock intensely as the feeling of ecstasy emanated throughout her body.

Her breathing was barely back to normal when she gasped, "I've got to see it. Pull your pants down."

I was more than happy to oblige, my stiff member now floating in the cool air. He stood out proud and firm hoping for a chance to slide once again into a young, moist pussy. But Lori had other ideas.

"Jerk off for me. Please, I want to see your cum splashing against my pussy." She started by taking my hand and moving it along my cock, spreading the fluid from head to base. Suddenly this didn't seem like a bad alternative. She let my hand takeover and moved her hand down to my balls, gently rolling them between her fingers. Her other hand went to her pussy and she started to tease her clit while she watched me.

I could smell her musky scent as she came yet again, her eyes once again closing as her body quivered in delight. I slowly worked my cock until she opened her eyes again and then sped up, my hand a blur as I stared down at her shaven pussy lips. She brought her cum-covered finger to my lips and I exploded, sperm splashing against her bare flesh as fireworks went off inside my head. I looked down again to see the cum jet out of my swollen purple beast in never-ending streams of milky white fluid.

As I calmed down, she squeezed the last drops out onto her fingers and brought the salty juice to her lips, sucking it down like water from an oasis. She leaned back against the wall and I leaned in and kissed her again, her soft lips sending chills down my spine. My libido was in a heightened state and all of a sudden it seemed I had an infinite stream of women wanting to satisfy my needs.

I slipped a hand up under her sweater, intent on finally touching the breasts that had been teasing me through my youth. She wasn't wearing a bra, but her large breast still stood firm as I squished one in my hand, the nipple quickly rising at my touch. We stood there for a long time making out, her hand pulling on my cock while I fondled her breasts.

She finally broke our kiss and looked at me quizzically, biting her lower lip. She let go of my hardened piece of flesh and got a serious look on her face. She removed my hands from her luscious boobies.

"If I called you up some night, would you come over and make-out with me like this? Umm, and not tell anyone about it. My boyfriend can be a jerk, but he has his own car and his family is loaded so I'm not about to give that up yet. And I really enjoyed this. You're a good kisser Joey and I'd like to do this again."

"Well you're a good kisser too Lori," I smiled. "And if I'm available, I would love to make-out with you." She may be book smart, but when it came to common sense, she was a dumb blond; but she was a gorgeous dumb blond and how could I pass up an invitation like this?

Once again I found myself cleaning up a mess with these scratchy paper towels. They soaked up cum well, but they were anything but soft. We both rearrange our clothes and checked each other out to make sure we didn't miss anything.

"Umm, you missed a spot Joey," she laughed. She reached into my back pocket and took out my handkerchief, her face just inches away again. "You've got lip gloss all over your face," she chuckled again. She cleaned me up the way my mom used to do when I was a little kid with chocolate on my face. I kissed her again and she gave me one last wipe to clean off my lips, tucking the cloth into my back pocket. We got our books and discreetly snuck out of the janitor's closet.

There I stood, the model student having missed my second class of the day to have sex with a beautiful young lady. Somehow it seemed justified though I knew I couldn't let it happen every day. When the bell rang, I headed back to see Mrs. Taylor expecting a stern lecture about Lori's lack of control. As the last kids filed out, I went in and shut the door behind me. She looked up smiling, but it quickly turned to a frown.

"Are you trying to get us all thrown out of this school?" she chided me.

"I'm sorry. I know Lori was a little out of control..."

"A little? She masturbated in my classroom! I could lose my teaching credentials over an incident like that."

"I'm sorry. I talked to her after class and I think I can get her under control. I'll talk to her again and make sure she behaves."

"Well, okay. She has to be careful. Are you available to help grade papers this week?" she smiled again, her anger somewhat abated.

"Hmm, I can do Wednesday if that works for you," not letting on that I knew about her dinner plans for that evening.

"Well, I do have plans for later, but we should be able to get them all done before dinner. Meet me in the parking lot after classes and we'll drive to my house and do the work there."

Memories of her naked body flashed before me as I quickly recalled the most memorable Saturday of my young life. I don't know what Miss Raphael had in mind, but I knew I wasn't leaving her house until well after dinner was over.

I went home that night and went over to see Kathy after dinner. I explained to her that I was going to ask Ione out on a date and didn't want her to hear it from someone else.

"You must hate me," she said, the tears falling from her eyes. I sat on the bed next to her and brushed the tears away, staring into those beautiful blue eyes.

"I will never hate you. I was disappointed that you didn't tell me about Jack, but I certainly don't hate you. We should always be friends." I brushed her hair back and softly kissed her full lips. She started to kiss me back, but then suddenly pulled away.

"Look, someday you'll understand but for now, I'm dating Jack so there can't be anything but friendship between us."

"Okay, I can live with that as long as we're still friends." I held out my hand and she shook it, laughing lightly, then wrapped her arms around me and kissed me hard and passionately. "That was our last kiss Joey. I love you more than you will ever know but from now on, it's just hugs and pecks on the cheek, okay?"

"Okay, I love you too and always will no matter what. I hope it works out between you and Jack." And then I got up and left, a part of me staying in that room with Kathy.

I went home and finished my homework and then lay down, trying to think of what to do on my date with Ione Friday. A movie was a pretty safe and standard first date so I figured we could go to whatever movie she wanted and then get a snack after. That would give us more time to talk and see where this was going to lead. If it was a short-term sexual fling, so be it. My ideas about sex and not ending up a daddy had faded after the extreme pleasure I had experienced in the last few days. I would be careful but with all this sudden interest from some very attractive women, I would have to be crazy to try to stay celibate.

Tuesday came and went uneventfully. Ione sat with me on the bus and we made plans for Friday but there was no sneaking off for sex or cutting classes. Lori came in to Math class and actually sat and took notes for the entire class, never once doing anything overtly sexual. Miss Raphael had given me some suggestive looks during class, but nothing else happened or was said. Mrs. Taylor was totally professional after class, thanking me for talking to Lori and reminding me to meet her in the parking lot Wednesday.

I slept remarkably well Tuesday night and woke up Wednesday feeling refreshed and ready to get to school. My morning wood told me it was going to be a wonderful day so I pulled on my robe and headed to the bathroom without tying it since mom and dad rarely got up early on a weekday. Dad didn't have to be in the office until 9:00 so they would usually wait until I had left for school before getting up. I was thinking about stroking one off so I could concentrate at school.

As I turned the corner to the bathroom, I bumped into my mother again as she was leaving the bathroom. It startled us both, especially with my long rod bumping into my mom's belly. She looked down and saw the naked monolith reaching out to her before I could cover it up with the robe. I went ahead and pulled my robe together and tied it, but the damage was done.

"Sorry mom. I wasn't expecting anyone else to be awake yet." I looked at her and realized that she was standing in front of me in a white see-through baby doll again, obviously not expecting me either. This outfit was normally saved for weekends. Her brown areolas and hard nipples were clearly visible even in the dim light of the hallway. Her pussy hair made a perfect triangle showing the path to Shangri-la.

"It's alright dear. Like I said, you're a man now and these types of things will happen. It's not like I haven't seen plenty of them before. I guess I didn't realize you got up this early for school either."

She was standing just inches away and had made no move to cover up, obviously not embarrassed to be showing off her fantastic body. Seeing her in the baby doll pajamas, I realized the guys were right. She did look somewhat like Joey Heatherton with her long, firm legs and more than ample bust. Her cute face was framed by the short blond hair in much the same way, but mom's lips were fuller and her beautiful blue eyes always had this dreamy quality when she was around me. It was like she was thinking about us having a picnic at the lake without a care in the world.

I smiled at her wanting very much too just reach up and feel one of her magnificent breasts and see if they actually were as soft as they appeared to be. Instead, I was startled again as she leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips, lingering and sucking gently, causing my morning wood to almost explode. And just like that she stopped and began to walk away.

"You have a nice day at school today. I'll see you tonight dear." The bedroom door closed and I was standing there with my dick poking out of my robe wondering what the fuck just happened. I decided against jerking off, too confused about what had just occurred. I brushed my teeth and shaved, allowing my throbbing tool to calm down so I could pee before hopping in the shower.

Crazy thoughts were going through my head as I got to the bus stop but they all vanished when I saw Ione. Her auburn hair was glistening in the early morning light and her bright smile was accentuated with an unusual light red lip gloss. She skipped towards me as I approached, giving me a quick kiss and slipping her arm in mine.

"Damn, is that cherry lip gloss? It tastes fantastic." I could feel my tool start to grow and push up the front of my trousers. I saw Kathy back by the bench. She gave me a weak smile but then quickly turned her back obviously not wanting to watch us together.

"I was hoping you'd like it. You have no idea how sexy it makes me feel." Her hazel eyes were sparkling as she looked at me longingly with nasty thoughts on her mind. "I was going to save it for Friday night, but I had to try it out on you today. I'm getting pretty randy thinking about Friday night." She was blunt and certainly not embarrassed to reveal her feelings.

"Well, thanks beautiful. Now I'll probably have a hard-on all day thinking about you." I smiled only half-joking about thinking about her all day. After that sexual fiesta Monday morning while she was on the rag, I could only imagine how wild she would get when she felt good. She was in great physical shape and I could see her winning any sexual marathon that might be held.

We took my usual seat near the front of the bus, holding hands and making small talk until she abruptly picked up her gym bag, which also doubled as her book bag. She pulled out a notebook and handed it to me.

"Mrs. Raphael took a quick look at my paper and suggested I re-write it and hand it back in today. I need you to take a look at it and tell me what you think."

I grabbed a pen from my pocket while she left the gym bag on our laps. I made some quick spelling and punctuation corrections and then felt her soft fingers as they started rubbing my thigh while her gym bag blocked everyone's view. I started having a little trouble concentrating as her hand rested in my crotch, getting a quick rise out of me. I glanced over at those glossy lips as she grinned at me. I know I was blushing a brighter red than her lip gloss.

I made some more changes on page two as her hand continued to rub my full-blown hard-on, sending those delightful shivers throughout my body. I felt a tug on my zipper and stared her down.

"Don't you dare." It was quiet but firm and she got the message. She pouted but her hand went back to just stroking me while I finished marking up her paper. I handed the notebook back to her.

"Aside from some spelling and punctuation mistakes, it's really pretty good. Guess you better start your re-write. You may not have much time before class."

Now it was my turn to test her powers of concentration. My hand went under the bag and then under her skirt, the soft skin of her thighs sending another charge to my rock-hard pole. I watched her bite on her lower lip, the shiny reflection accentuated her youthful exuberance as she quickly spread her legs allowing me full access to her dripping pussy. Her panties were already soaked, apparently from her earlier man-handling of my private parts.

Her swollen pussy lips made it easy to locate her slit as I ran my finger the length of it, only stopping when I felt the hard protuberance at the top. I rubbed it hard and her eyes closed as she leaned her head back enjoying the high. Her nostrils flared but I eased up and brought my fingers back down her slit, forcing her panties to the side so I could slide my fingers on that moist, juicy flesh. She opened her eyes and gave me a look that said she wanted my fingers back on her clit, but I nodded to the notebook and she started copying again in total frustration.

I left my fingers at her opening, occasionally slipping one inside but made the smart move to stay away from her clit. I knew it would create a scene if she came while we were on the bus. As quiet as she was in the ladies room Monday, it would have drawn a crowd if those same moans emanated from her throat on the bus. As we got closer to school, I moved my fingers out and put her panties back in place so she could finish her re-write. My cock was dripping and I had to discreetly reach into my own pants and readjust him so the leak wouldn't come through my trousers.

She finished the paper just as the bus stopped and shoved the notebook back in her bag. As we got off the bus, she dragged me by the arm away from the front door and towards the back of the building. We ended up in a spot on the side of the building that had tall shrubs around it, an area that I knew she must have used before. Once we were out of site, she dropped the bag and pulled her panties off. All she had to do was look at me and I knew what she wanted.

I pulled her towel from the bag and dropped it at her feet, kneeling down and getting in position to give her a quick oral lesson. She hefted her skirt and I softly kissed her shiny opening, her musky taste sending another charge through the long tube that was draining fluid from my body. I slurped up the excess moisture before heading north to that hard nubbin that I loved to play with. I could see it sticking out as I spread her pussy lips wide and sucked it between my teeth, nibbling gently.

Her first orgasm came quickly and she made little attempt to hide her feelings, the moans echoing off the brick building. I waited a few seconds just holding her clit between my lips until she calmed down and then started sucking it hard and twirling my tongue against it as rapidly as I could. Her eyes glazed over as she grabbed my head and held it in position, my lips locked around her tiny tool and sucking as hard as I could. She came loudly again and I was afraid someone would hear us, but apparently she had tested this area out before. Her legs squeezed me tight now as I let go of her clit and gently licked the swollen labia until her breathing returned to normal.

When her legs released me, I stood and opened my pants, pulling my long, wet tool out for her reciprocation. She dropped down on the same towel I had used and quickly gobbled me up, taking half my shaft into her throat. Her expert tongue swirled around my swollen purple head as she sucked me like a Hoover.

I looked down to watch her and for some reason I briefly saw my mother in her place, her soft, gentle hands caressing me as she sucked voraciously. The momentary blip was soon replaced by the cherry red lips of Ione as she tickled my balls and pulled on my hips sending my massive cock deep down her throat. I came instantly, sending a gusher straight to her stomach, but she never gagged, controlling the action with her hands on my butt.

My legs were shaking as I sent the second gargantuan load splashing against the back of her throat. Like a professional, she swallowed it all and seemed to really enjoy it. She kept me in her mouth as my dick continued to squirt smaller amounts on her tongue, swallowing when she needed to. She released my balls and gave one last lick the length of my cock before trying to stuff my half-staff back into my pants.

When she stood up, I kissed her gently, my hands playing around her earlobes, while she zipped up my pants. I softly sucked on her lower lip, tasting only sweet cherry, knowing that she had swallowed every drop of my tart spunk. She kissed me back with the same gentleness, her arms coming up around my neck, her hands playing in my hair. Everything felt so right, even more than it had with Mrs. Taylor.

"Umm, don't take this the wrong way, but I've never felt like this with a guy before. And you know I've been with a few guys." She kissed me softly again.

"Well, don't take this the wrong way, but you've been with more than a few guys and I will be terribly disappointed if our relationship doesn't last longer than any of your other ones." I smiled at her and winked while she kissed me again, a deeper kiss this time that said she understood what I had said and had similar feelings.

She pulled on her panties and we jogged around to the front door. We were too late for homeroom so she headed downstairs to the gym and I headed straight for the computer lab. At this point in the school year, I was just finishing my senior project which was writing a program in assembler language to calculate mortgages. The program was done but I knew I was missing something in the logic that would shorten the number of steps and thus the amount of time it would take to run.

I had the program and my logic diagram on my desk when Mr. Lawrence sat down to see how I was doing. His eyebrows raised when he saw how many lines of code I had written and then looked over to the diagram. He grinned and picked up my pencil drawing a line from step three down to step eight. It took me a minute and then, boom, facepalm. I had totally missed that opportunity for a loop that would take out probably twenty five percent of the code. I shook my head and thanked him, quickly writing notes on the diagram so I wouldn't forget wanted I wanted to do.

I finished my notes as the bell rang and packed up to head to English class. I almost dreaded facing Miss Raphael, afraid one of us would give away a hint about meeting up with Mrs. Taylor after school. I didn't want to ruin things with Ione when we were just getting started, but it's not like we were married and there was no way I was going to miss out on an once-in-a-lifetime opportunity like this.

I walked into class with extreme trepidation and seeing Miss Raphael did nothing to assuage my feelings. She was wearing her normal black outfit, matching skirt and top, her jacket perched on the back of her chair. She had the top two buttons undone like Ione had done on Monday, but she didn't have Ione's cleavage. Yet the effect was similar in showing a sexual desire. I had no idea if she was doing this for my benefit or just to tease my fellow classmates. For all I knew, she had taken Ione's flirtation as a challenge and wanted to prove that she was as sexy as any eighteen year old.

Ione was on time for a change and not rushing in at the last moment. She sat next to me and gave me a quick peck on the cheek when she thought no one was looking, her smile speaking volumes. She looked up at Miss Raphael, a knowing smile coming across her lips.

"Guess I should turn in my paper," she said, rising slowly and walking straight up to Miss Raphael, her hips swaying in exaggerated motion. She looked down at her as she handed her the paper, standing their waiting for her approval. She looked up at her and smiled, their eyes locking for a moment before the teacher in her took over again and she walked back to her desk. No words had been exchanged but I could swear there was some kind of connection made between them.

Miss Raphael instructed the class to jot down some ideas and questions for Kafka's Metamorphosis that "we were all supposed to have read already" and then we would discuss it. She was going to finish grading our papers from Monday and pass them back to us. Ione looked stumped for a minute, but I knew she had read it. She was not dumb but she had not read a lot while growing up so some basic things like spelling and punctuation could throw her off. I jotted down a couple ideas for her and she took off from there.

Miss Raphael was bringing around our papers now and tossed mine across onto my desk. I saw the A+ and looked up as she leaned down to whisper to Ione. Her tiny bare breasts quickly came into view and captured my full attention. She had dark red areolas topped with large, even darker nipples. What she lacked in breast size she more than made up for in style. Ione noticed them too, softly biting her lower lip as she had earlier this morning when I was playing with her pussy.

"Excellent improvement over that first effort Ione. Keep up the good work. Joey, you have a vivid imagination."

"That's why they call it fiction, right. I just like to embellish my ideas." I smiled back at her, looking at her breasts the entire time as she slowly stood back up. Her nostrils flared briefly as she took a deep breath and smiled at both of us before moving on. Ione quickly got my attention back.

"I got a B+! She's never given me that high a grade before. Thank you for checking it this morning." She was beaming as she looked at me.

"Hey, you did the hard work. All I did was fix some little things. You could do that yourself if you would just take your time." Her hand was on my thigh now, squeezing it in her excitement. The rest of the class went well and I could see how proud she was of herself when class was over. It made me feel good to see her so confident at something other than sports.

At lunch we talked about Friday night. She had picked out the movie, which was fine with me because I didn't plan on watching much of it anyway. Her dad was letting her take her mom's car because they were going away for the weekend and wouldn't need it. She just had to agree not to drink if she was going to drive and I echoed his sentiments on that.

"So your parents are going away for the weekend. Does that mean you have the house to yourself?"

She just sat there with this shit-eating grin on her face. She had known this for some time and was waiting for the right moment to spring it on me. I felt my knees go weak at the thought of having an entire house all to ourselves for the weekend. I started thinking of how I was going to bribe George to tell my mom that I would be staying at his house this weekend.

We didn't have time to slip outside so she just played footsie with me under the table for a few minutes. I used to think that I was the only one who was constantly horny, the Alexander Portnoy of Central High. But Ione was insatiable. The more sex she had, the more sex she wanted. I hoped I was up to the challenge.

We headed off to classes with nothing eventful until I got to Math class, of course. Mrs. Taylor looked radiant in a form-fitting red dress that was just a few shades darker than her hair. She wasn't wearing nylons which was unusual for her, but her soft, sleek skin didn't need the embellishment and red stockings would have been too much for school. Lori was sitting across from me as usual and was slouched down, a general indication that she had something planned.

Mrs. Taylor finished up the chapter from last class and told us to do the odd numbered problems while she passed back our homework. Aside from Lori, most of the kids in this class didn't have a problem with homework. Lori wasn't the sharpest pencil in the box, but she had done well in Math classes before this year so I wasn't quite sure what her problem was this year.

I began working out the problems while stealing glances at Lori as she rubbed her inner thigh, ever so slowly going higher with each stroke. Mrs. Taylor came over with my papers but stood behind me as she set them down on my desk, looking over at Lori and licking her lips. Her mouth was right next to my ear and I could hear her breathing quicken. She placed a hand on my shoulder as she whispered to me.

"I don't know how you continue to get an A in this class with that kind of distraction every day."

"She's only part of the distraction," I whispered back. "Did you look in the mirror before you came to school today?"

She stepped back and looked down at me smiling, "Why, yes I did. Thank you."

Lori never did make it up to her pussy, trying to obey her vow of behaving in class. I still was hard through most of the class as my eyes travelled back and forth between her and Mrs. Taylor in that mesmerizing red dress. As class ended, Mrs. Taylor shot me a quick reminder to meet her outside after school. My physics lab allowed me to calm down before the anxiety started to set in during the walk to the parking lot. I had put up with some mild ribbing from the guys, but it was a small price to pay for what I hoped was going to be an evening full of pleasure.

"Hi Mrs. Taylor," I said in the sing-song voice of a grade schooler.

"Nobody is around. You call me that again tonight and I will slap you."

"Okay Linda. What do we have to grade tonight?" I asked.

"Just some ninth and tenth grade homework but I have to give it back to them tomorrow so it has to be done tonight," she said, unlocking my door.

I slid in and unlocked her door, my eyes going wide as she sat down. The tight dress pulled way up as she sat down exposing the red silk panties she was wearing. My cock quickly grew, tenting my pants. I suppressed the urge to unzip them only because we were still in the school parking lot.

"Damn it Linda. You did this on purpose." My eyes stayed locked on her crotch so I missed the smile on her face as she reached over and gently petted the bulge in my pants. Just remember, all the papers have to be graded before anything happens. And I have a dinner guest coming over at 6:00 so that may not leave us much time.

From Tina's, Miss Raphael, comments on Monday, I was hoping I would be invited to stay for dinner. Obviously Tina hadn't spoken to Linda about that. I'd have to watch Tina for the right opening to get myself invited.

We were only ten minutes from school when traffic stopped. There was an accident up ahead and no place for us to go. This wasn't going to leave much time for things to develop before Tina got there. I could see the agitation on Linda's face as she watched all her planning go out the door. I reached over and gently rubbed her naked thigh.

"Calm down. Everything will be fine." She looked over at me and smiled, then reached down and moved my hand higher until it came into contact with her red silk panties. Man, they were so soft. I could feel the soft skin of her swollen pussy lips as well as the ample bush above. My dick was like a steel rod and it ached from the position in my pants. I picked my books up off the floor and set them in my lap as I unzipped my fly.

She heard the swish of metal and quickly reached over, her hand going into my pants and expertly extracting my burgeoning manhood. The agony of confinement finally over, he grew another two inches as her hand wrapped around it. This was going against every rule we had established last week but desperate situations call for desperate measures. There weren't any trucks around and no pedestrians would be able to see into the car, so we felt fairly safe in continuing.

"So I hear that you and Ione have suddenly become an item," her voice almost cheerful now that I had found a girlfriend my own age.

"Yeah, well our first real date will be Friday so hopefully all goes well. We've been friends for a long time and I do really like her."

"Have you fucked her yet?" she asked bluntly.

"Yes," I said hesitantly. "But there's more to a relationship than just sex. I think there could be more with her and maybe I can slow down her bed-hopping before it gets out of control. I don't think she's had a meaningful relationship yet."

"Are you in control of your libido young man?"

"Well, not right now but then I've really just started experimenting in the last week." My hand was inside her panties, working her clit now as she gave me an expert hand job. Traffic was still at a dead stop so she shifted it into park and leaned her head back, closing her eyes and giving in to the ecstasy. I watched her breathing quicken and her grip on me tighten as I gently rubbed her clit between my thumb and forefinger.

"Oh yeah. Almost there. Harder. Harder. Umph, umph, ummmmm." Her body stiffened and her breathing stopped momentarily as she enjoyed the intense feeling of an orgasm while she was surrounded by people, even though they couldn't see it. "Thanks honey, I needed that. But tuck your bad boy back in until we get home. I can't have anymore distractions while I'm driving or we'll be the next accident."

I almost cried. I had been so close. If Ione hadn't sucked me off this morning, I would have been spraying her dashboard. Eventually my desire waned enough that I could comfortably tuck him back in my pants. I should have just grabbed her briefcase and graded the papers in the car instead of letting myself get teased. Then again, build ups like this always made for more powerful orgasms later on.

It was after 5:00 when we finally got to her house and she practically ran inside to get things set up so I could start grading the papers. Her anxiety about Miss Raphael, Tina, coming for dinner seemed a bit overblown, but then maybe she was also hoping this would be more than just a dinner date.

I had started on the tenth grade papers when she looked up at the clock and got up in a rush to grab a casserole out of the fridge and place it into the oven.

"I've got to clean myself up. You'll have to finish the papers yourself." She looked like she was on the edge of a nervous breakdown.

"Hey, calm down," I said as I stood up and walked over to her. "Everything will be fine. You look beautiful and Tina is your friend. You don't have to do anything special to impress her. She already likes you." I cupped her face and kissed her lightly, feeling her body soften in my arms as the apprehension washed away. "Okay, I don't know how, but go make yourself even more beautiful. I'll do the grunt work."

The doorbell rang just before 6:00 and she came into the kitchen still adjusting an earring. She was a vision of loveliness having added the dangling crystal earrings and a gold diamond necklace along with the red stockings that I knew she must have had to go with that dress. She had freshened her make-up including a fresh coat of deep red lipstick. She posed momentarily in front of me and I just gave a little whistle as she slipped on her heels and moved on to open the door.

I finished the paper I was on and looked up as Tina came into the kitchen holding a bottle of red wine. She had changed outfits going with a little black dress, and I do mean little. It was low cut in the front with no back and barely covered her thighs. Her black nylons obviously had to be pantyhose or we would have seen the garter belt. The dress was that short. She had also done a touch-up to her make-up, adding some dark eye shadow and a fresh coat of mascara to really highlight those dark brown eyes. She looked like one of those rich society girls ready to go to the Disco and really didn't even look old enough to get in.

"Hi Joey. Having fun there?" she asked a little sarcasm in her voice.

"It's dirty work but somebody has to do it. And may I say that you two ladies look ravishing tonight and shouldn't be anywhere around such mundane labor. Off to the living room."

Linda had already uncorked the wine and was pouring out two glasses for them. They walked hip to hip into the living room laughing about something and then sat down next to each other on the sofa, giving me a perfect view of their lovely bodies. Black or red, I didn't know which looked more sumptuous tonight.

I graded papers in between longing glances at the beautiful women and was now down to the last paper. Tina had just put a record on the stereo and some soft, slow jazz was billowing out of the speakers setting a very romantic mood. Tina stood before Linda and offered out her hand, an indication that she wanted to dance.

At first, Linda balked at the silly notion of two women dancing together, but she finally gave in and stood up. With her heels on she was at least a half a foot taller than Tina, so she slipped them off making the difference in height negligible. They were confused at first about how to do it, but Linda finally decided to lead so they each had a hand on the other's hip while the other hands were locked together.

I stroked my cock through my pants while I watched them dance, getting closer and closer together with each gentle movement. Their hips finally touching, Tina lay her head on Linda's shoulder while they stood and swayed together. The gentle beat of the drummer, the tinkling of piano keys and the soulful sound of a saxophone were a powerful aphrodisiac for any couple, but for this pair of beautiful and randy young ladies it was like adding gasoline to a fire.

I could feel the tension and could sense what was coming. I unzipped my pants and began to stroke my cock as I watched them. When Tina looked up, Linda didn't hesitate. She leaned down and kissed her as passionately as she had me on Saturday night. I had never seen two women kiss before and had never thought it could be as erotic as it was now, happening right before my very eyes while I stroked the turgid tool I had pulled from my pants.

It started out as a soft, gentle kiss with lips touching lightly and tongues barely slipping out, each caressing the lips of the other. As Linda became more comfortable with it, she began to suck on Tina's lower lip, her breathing becoming deeper and her arms tightening around Tina's ass and pulling her closer. After a few minutes, Linda slid her tongue between Tina's lips and she sucked it deeply while her fingers pinched Linda's nipples through the dress.

I wanted to join them, but I knew this was their moment and I had to let it play out. Tina had pulled off the seduction perfectly, setting the stage with subtle hints last week and then following it up with compliments and titillating touches this week. I had seen them together a few times the last three days. One time with Tina resting a hand on Linda's arm while they chatted. Then later with a hand on her hip as they walked. Tina knew exactly what she was doing and what to say to bring this all together so quickly. It didn't hurt that she was so fucking sexy either.

She hadn't tried anything when she thought that Linda was being true to her husband, but once she figured out what was going on between Linda and me, she was fair game. I can't blame her. Linda was a delectable morsel and deserved to have people appreciate her beauty. I'll never understand how her husband could leave her behind the way he did. His loss was our gain and we were going to take full advantage of the opportunity.

They had stopped pretending to dance now, standing there with lips locked and hands roaming each other's body. Linda had let go of Tina's ass to slide one hand inside the front of Tina's dress, feeling the tiny morsels hidden underneath. Her other hand was now gently moving across her small round ass, occasionally allowing her fingernails to scrape the shimmering material and eliciting soft moans from Tina. Tina had pulled the short red dress up and had both hands on the bare flesh of Linda's thighs between the stocking tops and her silk red panties.

Linda turned them slightly so Tina's back was to me, and I stood up letting Linda watch as I masturbated, my hand swiftly stroking the rigid tool that yearned to join them. Her eyes got wide, like she had forgotten that I was there, but then she concentrated even more on kissing Tina, her tongue insinuating itself between the luscious red lips. She raised Tina's dress and I could see she wore no underwear beneath the panty hose. The black nylon was a perfect container for such a precious cargo. Linda gave me a frustrated look and pointed towards the hallway.

I took the hint and stuffed my hard-on back in my pants and headed upstairs to the bedroom. I made a quick call to my mom and said I was staying at George's for dinner and we were going to work on our computer programs together. I promised to be home by 9-10:00 because we had school the next day. She didn't sound alarmed and I headed back towards the moaning sounds coming from the living room.

I got back to find Linda on her back on the sofa with Tina on top, her panty hose removed and her dress hiked up around her waist exposing that tiny little round tush. Her little titties kept popping into view for precious seconds as she moved. Linda was missing her red silk panties and what was left of her bright red bush was clearly visible. The red garter belt holding the soft red nylons tightly in place gave her a very slutty appearance, like something one would see in a skin flick. Tina was back to kissing Linda passionately while her fingers insinuated themselves between the moist, swollen lips of Linda's cunt. I tried to keep myself in check by keeping my stiff prick trapped in my slacks, content to stroke him through the stretched material.

I watched as Tina's left arm went up behind Linda and heard the zipper being pulled down. They had passed the point of no return and Linda was giving in eagerly to the lust that Tina had planned so meticulously. Tina slowly pulled that silky red cloth down Linda's well-formed body, the luscious naked hillocks popping into view with hardened nipples that looked ready to explode. Tina moved quickly now to remove the dress completely from this delectable body that she so obviously desired. She left the garter and stockings in place and then went back north to pay homage to the lovely mounds of flesh with the pointed peaks.

She started by kissing them gently, her tongue softly circling the hard nubbins. She sucked them into her mouth and I could see the motion of her tongue swirling around the nipples as Linda's pale areola swelled and puffed out from the rest of her bright white flesh. I continued to rub my cock, a wet spot now well-defined on my pants as I watched the erotic scene unfold.

I had kept my distance, staying in the kitchen, but now Tina was making her move, sliding down Linda's body and covering it with soft, sucking kisses as she went. She paused momentarily with her mouth just inches from its goal and her eyes enjoying the view of the bright red mound and the sparse hair around the opening. She made the agonizingly slow descent until her lips softly kissed Linda's vulva, before her tongue snaked out and ran the length of the dripping, flowery opening. Linda moaned loudly, her eyes wide at the sudden sensation, never expecting it to feel that intense.

Tina slid her tongue into the moist opening, licking up the juices and savoring their flavor. She moved up the necessary few inches to suck Linda's swollen protuberance between her lips, eliciting more moans of pure pleasure. Tina sighed, relishing in finally reaching a goal she had been fantasizing about for months. Her tongue was now swirling around the hard piece of flesh as she continued to suck on it with Linda's moaning getting louder every second. Her eyes had been closed, but the sudden onset of her orgasm seemed to catch her by surprise and her eyes opened wide as the tingling sensations reverberated throughout her body.

The moans were almost screams as she grasped Tina's head and held it tight, smothering her with her juicy pussy. Her hips were raised off the sofa, their beautiful flesh frozen like a timeless photograph as the orgasm continued to ripple through her long, lean body. Linda finally tilted her head to the right, noticing me standing there rubbing my tumescent cock through my soaked trousers, a soft smile creasing those lovely red lips.

I took that as my signal and kicked off my shoes as I unbuttoned and removed my shirt. The anxiety was building again as I questioned whether I could really satisfy two women. At first I felt like an intruder of two people making love, but this had been pure lust that had been built up over time. They were two attractive people drawn to one another in much the same way as Linda and I had been drawn together. I dropped my pants and pulled off my socks to join them, the rigid eight inch pole grateful at the chance to release the explosive charge that had already been detonated.

I had every intention of moving in behind Tina and sliding my steel rod into her slick pussy, but she had heard my belt hit the floor and as I approached her, she stood and faced me while Linda lay prone and exhausted on the sofa. She slid off her dress and stared at me with those smoldering eyes, her juvenile body sexier than I had even imagined in my fantasies. Once I was within range, she grabbed my head and pulled me down for a hard passionate kiss. I wrapped my arms around her, sweeping her off her feet, as my tongue found its way between her soft, red lips. Her lips were sweet while her tongue had the familiar but musky taste of Linda that I had come to love just last weekend.

As our tongues retreated, we sucked gently on each other's lips and she wrapped her short legs around my torso, my swollen member bouncing against her soft flesh. She reached between us and maneuvered my cock into position, lowering her sweet honey pot onto my burning hot tool. I could feel the tingles as her soft, moist petals surrounded my engorged flesh and pulled me deep inside her. It was all I could do to keep from exploding on contact, but I managed to start a slow, steady rhythm as I lifted her up and down on my hardened shaft.

Her breathing deepened, her lust already fired up by the lady in red that lay on the sofa, watching us and moving her hand down to her still swollen clit. I could feel the boiling pressure in my balls and increased the rhythm as Tina held on, slamming down to meet my upstrokes. I reached my left hand up and tweaked the turgid nipple sitting on her dark and swollen areola. Having always been fascinated by tits, hers were unlike any I had ever seen, the long rubbery nipples making up most of the tiny organs.

She breathed deeply as I played with the super-sensitive buds and she slammed down harder, her cunt muscles tightening as she neared her climax. She sucked my lower lip, biting down on it as she held me tight while the orgasm rippled through her body, her flesh warm to my touch. Her pussy gripped me tighter and I exploded inside her, my body quivering at finally realizing the relief it had been seeking all afternoon. My cum splashed hard against her cervix and I could feel her tingle with each blast that sprayed her insides with my boiling hot lava.

We kissed softly, lovingly for several minutes as the embers cooled, and then I gently lowered her to the floor, my softening rod temporarily sated and slipping out of her, my murky fluid clinging to both our bodies. Linda was off the sofa like a cat, her feline movements bringing her head up between our bodies. She immediately took my dripping rod between her lips, sucking the remaining fluid from my shrinking but still swollen staff. Her tongue swirled around the purple head making sure it cleaned off every drop before she turned her attentions to Tina.

Linda ran her long tongue along Tina's slit as a cloudy pearl-drop oozed out of her opening. I watched as Linda's luscious, full lips encased the thin, butterfly lips of Tina's cunt, her wanton desire to please this tiny woman who had just pleased her. Her tongue ran deep inside to lap the salty fluid before she created a vacuum and sucked the rest of my life-giving seed from the naked child-like woman before her. She nudged up and took Tina's protuberance between her lips and began sucking gently as her tongue slapped it repeatedly. 

"Whoa girl," Tina said, her clit obviously still tender from our recent fucking. "Why don't we take this to the bedroom?"

"Works for me," I said. "I'll turn off the stove so the fire department doesn't show up and ruin our night."

"Oh, my casserole," Linda screamed, bouncing up and running over to the stove with nothing on but her garter belt and those sexy red nylons. She grabbed some mitts and bent over the stove to remove the dish, giving Tina and I a gorgeous view of her delightful tush.

"Do you think she has any idea how sexy she is?" Tina asked.

"I didn't think she did until today. I asked her if she had looked in the mirror before wearing that dress to school today and she admitted that she had and was very proud of how she looked. Before that, I think she thought of herself as a plain old school-marm."

"Well, there's nothing plain about her and she's certainly not old so let's get her upstairs so I can peel those lovely red stockings from her alabaster flesh."

"Spoken like a true English major," I laughed, walking over behind Linda. I brought my arms up to feel her spongy mounds as she put down the casserole on the stove top. My awakening prick fit nicely between her soft, supple butt as I pulled her back to me and nuzzled her neck.

"Oh my. Why don't you go upstairs and clean up for our next round. You know where the bedroom is," she stated sighing quietly.

I released her and headed for the stairs with her and Tina behind me. Linda took Tina's hand as they stood back while I climbed the stairs, both of them staring at my butt and giggling. I guess guys aren't the only ones who liked to watch tight buns. I went to the bathroom and took the opportunity to clear my kidneys before washing up. I felt refreshed and ready to go as I walked back out into the bedroom.

Linda and Tina were already on the bed, both completely naked and locked in a passionate embrace with a lot of tongue action. Their fingers were working on each other's clit while they kissed and their moans were becoming increasingly louder. I watched as Linda's eyes closed and her head snapped back while Tina continued to work her clit with rapid finger action. Her body stiffened as she let out a long, loud moan of satisfaction, her hands gripping Tina until the quivering stopped.

As she came down from her high, she kissed Tina softly and then went back to work with her thumb rubbing back and forth on Tina's clit. Tina's breathing became sporadic as she grunted through clenched teeth until her climax overtook her and the tingling nerve endings caused her body to stiffen in a very satisfying orgasm.

With Linda's back to me, I climbed on the bed behind her, my prick falling back into place between her soft buns as I had done moments before in the kitchen. I kissed her neck and felt my member swelling between her cheeks, eager to return to action. I felt Tina's tiny fingers pull my stiffening rod between Linda's legs, working the engorged purple knob the length of Linda's moist and slippery slit. I could feel Linda's clit swelling again as the head of my cock was forced against slick nub.

Linda's breathing was heavy with another orgasm quickly approaching as Tina slid down, inserting my cock between Linda's wide-open pussy as she started to work that clit with her tongue. I couldn't see everything that was happening but just the thought of it was getting me worked up. Just to catch glimpses of that beautiful face and those ruby red lips as they sucked on another woman's clit was getting me close to a pre-mature ejaculation, something that had not been a problem for me lately. I felt Linda's body stiffen again as the orgasm quickly overtook her and she shoved her hips forward to get more of that little tongue on her clit. I stopped stroking, holding my cock motionless and trying to hold off on my own orgasm, kissing her back softly and scraping her arms gently with my short fingernails.

"Fuck," she finally screamed. "Are you guys trying to kill me? God that was intense." She was breathing hard, her lovely breasts rising with each intake of precious air. I could feel her body trembling as she tried to calm down from the over-stimulation of her senses. She rolled her head back towards me and I kissed her deeply, my right hand resting on her smooth, taut stomach as I started moving my hips again.

"Wait a minute boys and girls," Tina said, sitting up and holding our hips together. "I have something else I would like to try. Joey, on your back."

I extricated myself from the comfortable confines of Linda's warm, moist cavern and took my position in the center of the queen-sized bed awaiting my next instruction. I didn't have to wait long as Linda straddled my raging piston until our pubic bones crushed together. I then watched in awe as Tina swung her leg over my torso and began to back up to my salivating mouth. I hadn't seen many bung holes up close and had expected them to be brown or at least darker, but Tina's was a cute hairless pink hole that was quickly approaching my waiting tongue.

I had to taste it and grabbed her hips and pulled her back to my wet tongue before she could lower her cunt over my mouth. She let out a very surprised "Oooh..." as I stiffened my tongue and poked at her tight little opening. She forced her hips up and down making my tongue run from her asshole to her pussy and back again. I could feel Linda raising her hips slightly but tightening her cunt muscles and sending extreme sensations coursing through my body. I knew I wouldn't hold out long but I didn't think it would take her long. I heard Tina say "Kiss me" in a soft, sensual voice and could feel Linda's hip shift as she leaned forward. Tina's hips also shifted, her pussy now rubbing my face as my nose slid into her cunt before she finally got the position right.

I alternated my tongue sliding into her pussy and out to her clit as she pushed down on my face almost smothering me. Linda's pussy was clenching tightly as her moans increased and I was trying to wait for some signal from the ladies that I could pop my load, the pressure in my balls increasing dramatically. I couldn't hold out any longer and shoved my hips skyward as Linda slammed down, streams of cum sent splashing deep into her wanton cunt. I was trying to suck in air but latched on to Tina's clit as she angled her pussy just right. All three of us were exploding in simultaneous orgasms as the girls kissed passionately while the fireworks went off.

The anticipation of our union and then the actual consummation flooded all our brains with sensory overload, making the actual act far more spectacular than any of us had expected. As bodies calmed and breathing returned to normal, I could still hear the soft, gentle kisses between the beautiful women who had allowed me to share in this fantastic experience. I lay there motionless, Tina's pussy juice slowly dripping down onto my waiting tongue as the girls continued to kiss.

They stopped kissing long enough climb off of me and then Linda lay back while Tina climbed on top of her and they started kissing again. I was content to run my hand over Tina's tiny round tush as they continued to make out like a couple of young teenagers.

I started thinking about my Friday date with Ione and wondering how it could top this, but then realizing that it didn't have to. What I felt with Ione was different and I wanted it to be more than a clandestine rendezvous. If someone found out about Ione and I having sex, the world would not come crashing down. If they found out I was doing it with two teachers, it could very well be disaster.

I quietly got off the bed and went into the bathroom to clean up for the second time that night, making sure to scrub my face extra hard in case mom got too close for a goodnight kiss. The last thing I needed was for her to smell a woman's scent on my face. After our early morning incursions, I could only imagine the kind of lecture I would get. I dried myself off and came back out to find they had switched positions and Linda was now tasting those stiff, rubbery nipples that sat on Tina's flat chest. Her fingers were playing in the rough forest of pubic hair that lay above that sweet tasting pussy as I slipped out of the room to go downstairs and put my clothes back on.

I left them without saying goodnight, but I didn't think either of them would mind. Linda had been expecting a girl's night and I hoped my being there hadn't spoiled her evening. It was really just starting for them but I couldn't wait to get home and get my tired body into my own bed. It was a great night, but I was hoping for an even better weekend with Ione.

Teacher, Teacher Ch. 03
byMalomar©

I slept well Wednesday night, my first threesome having exceeded my wildest expectations and building my sexual confidence to a zenith I would never have thought about two weeks ago. My anxiety about the night was now gone and my muscles had been quick to relax and allow me to fall into a deep sleep. I don't remember dreaming but I awoke Thursday morning with full-blown erection and was humping the mattress. This was not just morning wood or a piss hard-on. I was already in a state of full arousal with no recollection of why.

I thought back to last night and how easy it had been to pick up Tina and set her down on my eight-inch monster. I remember the charge going through my dick while I watched as Tina and Linda were kissing like lovers who had been apart for weeks. It was so sensual watching two beautiful women kissing that I had hated to interrupt it. But I was glad that I had been a part of that magical night.

I thought about jerking off, but then I never knew what to expect when I went to school now, so I didn't want to waste a load. I threw the covers off and rolled over onto my back, allowing the cool air to help calm down the wooden pole between my legs. As my prick began to shrink, I could feel a large amount of precum ooze out the softening head and I reached down to capture it.

I thought back to Lori after she had played with her pussy in class and then rubbed a finger across my lips as we were leaving, teasing me with the delicious nectar of her pink orchid. I brought the large dollop of my own juice to my lips and tasted it, letting it float on my tongue for a few seconds before swallowing. It was a little salty but not an unpleasant taste and my cock started to rise again. I quickly put the thought out of my head and got out of bed.

I turned on the light and looked around my room, still slightly disoriented. It was earlier than I normally got up, but there was no going back to sleep now. I pulled on my bathrobe and decided to shower and get ready for school. The house was quiet and I was doing my best to keep it that way after having run into my scantily clad mother a few times recently.

I felt a little more refreshed and clear-headed after the shower and was looking forward to going to school and hopefully attending every class. I looked in the mirror one last time, now more concerned about my appearance than I had ever been before. The face looking back at me seemed older and more serious than the young man that looked back at me just a couple weeks ago. Was I growing up too fast?

Hell no! I was having fun and growing up, not growing old. I thought I was keeping my head on straight and making mature decisions about my relationships, even if I hadn't really had any relationships before. The three girls my own age that I had sex with were all friends that I had known for several years at least. And the teachers were older and wiser than me, I thought, so why question their judgment about our relationship. I wasn't looking for love from them. I was happy to be their fuck-toy.

I smiled at my reflection as I thought about fucking all these beautiful women in the last two weeks and I started to get a rise again. I stroked it a few times and looked at the reflection again, amazed that such a large, firm cock actually belonged to me and using it came so natural. After that first incident a few years ago when I lost my virginity, I thought I would never be able to control this monster that created the uncontrollable urges in me. It was still hard to control, erections happening without any help from me, but around the right women, I could be a man among boys.

My mind now occupied again, I exited the bathroom with my robe open and of course, there was Mom again, almost bumping into me as I walked out with my head down in thought and a shit-eating grin on my face. She was wearing a long, light-blue negligee that was totally transparent with the bathroom light streaming onto it. Her large round orbs had very little sag to them and the dark brown areolas seemed to glow as my eyes feasted on them. Needless to say my swelling manhood began to stiffen even more and my mother was watching in fascination.

"Good morning sweetie. I think we need to have a talk," she said, taking my hand and pulling me into the bathroom with her. She was so nonchalant, like she was going to ask me what I wanted for breakfast.

Her entire body was now clearly on display as the bright bathroom lights illuminated her skin through the sheer blue material giving an angelic sort of glow. The stretched skin around her nipples glistened like brown velvet. I could see her well defined bush and the swollen lips peeking through the blonde jungle.

"I do have to pee first sweetie," she said, raising the gown and spreading her legs as she sat down.

It gave me the briefest unobstructed view of the glorious opening from which I came into this world. And then I heard the light spray followed by quiet tinkling as the steamy droplets fell into the cold water of the bowl. Through it all her eyes stayed transfixed on the monolith between my legs, the head now engorged and a deep purple, aching for some action. My penis didn't care if the woman before me was my mother; my penis only cared that the woman before me was beautiful and desirable and obviously attracted to it.

"You know honey, there is nothing wrong with a boy your age masturbating so that you don't go around with that problem all day. If you're not sure what to do, I can teach you a few ways to relieve yourself," she stated quietly as she reached for my tool and began to softly stroke it, her electric fingers running from the head to the base and back again.

"Mom, I know how to take care of this. I'm not a ...." I paused, thinking twice about telling my mother that I wasn't a virgin. Besides, her hands felt so good on my prick, I wasn't sure I wanted her to stop. There was a charge building in my stiffened member, partially from my previous thoughts, but mostly because of the delicate touch of my mom's soft fingers as they continued to stroke me.

I remembered the feeling of those same soft fingers as they would gently rub my back when she put me down for my nap. There was something different in the feeling of her fingers gliding gently up and down the sensitive skin of my hardened shaft. All those years of love were channeled through her fingers now. That is what was different from every other woman who had touched me. They may have liked me or lusted for me, but my mother loved me and I could feel that difference in her touch. It wasn't just about the sex. She genuinely wanted to help me feel better.

Her thoughts seemed distant as her eyes remained glued to the monolith before her. As a large dollop of lubricant escaped the engorged head, she easily spread it the entire length of my prick. Her delicate touch suddenly becoming a tight grip as the lubricant allowed her to speed up her stroking with the reduced friction. It started feeling more like fucking than a hand job as her fingers wrapped tighter, her left hand now coming up to cradle and then gently tug on my balls. She was a pro at this, probably from doing it the last twenty years with my father.

"You know honey, your father and I did a lot of sexual experimenting when we were younger, even after we were married. We did some swapping and enjoyed sex. You shouldn't be afraid to get out there with some young women and try sex as long as you are careful and smart about it."

Her voice was soft and sweet like she was reciting poetry instead of seducing her son. Could I really be seduced if it was something I had craved my entire life? I grew up listening to that soft, sexy voice emanating from this goddess that I called mom.

She continued to stroke me as we both started breathing deeper. Young women, older women, even my own mother, I wanted sex with all of them. I couldn't believe how incredible her hands felt as she continued to stroke and caress my swollen cock and sensitive ball sac. I was about to blow my load on my mother and wasn't even thinking or caring about any consequences. I was fairly sure the forbidden nature of our act was responsible for the increased sensitivity of the nerve endings in my swollen rod.

I had fantasized about this since the first time I had seen her in a bikini and rubbed suntan lotion on her soft, pink skin, but I had told myself that it could only be a fantasy and never really expected my dreams to be realized. Now I could feel the cum churning deep within me as my mind fought the battle between fantasy and reality. Up, down, and around she stroked my over-stimulated pecker never breaking her rhythm as she sought to satisfy the needs of her son.

I was mesmerized by how beautiful and sexy my mother was as I stepped closer to her while she slowly stroked my burning rod. It was like I was watching a movie as she leaned forward and sucked the glistening purple head between her full moist lips. She slowly swallowed half my length while her hand squeezed and I felt that last sudden expansion in my cock as I exploded, feeling the burning hot liquid as it travelled the long road through my monstrous prick until it splashed against the back of her throat. She continued to suck and swallow and I continued to spurt forth more seed, my head spinning as the lights flashed in my brain and the nerve endings tingled from my cock to my toes and back again.

Her hand tightened and nostrils flared as she searched for air, her mouth full of cock and cum. Her skin turned pinkish and her left hand was digging into her thigh like she was trying to stop any stimulation she felt. I found out later that I had read her reaction wrong. She finally released me after swallowing the entire load, a small smile forming on her lips as she felt she had done her motherly duty by helping her son through a 'hard' morning. She calmly grabbed a wad of toilet paper and dabbed her pussy dry, standing and flushing the toilet. She looked back at me and down at my still hard member, and the smile slowly faded.

"Don't worry mom. It seems to be normal for me. He'll calm down at some point." I paused, bringing my right hand to her cheek. "But thank you. That was fantastic." And I leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips. I could feel the electricity again as she kissed back with a passion I hadn't expected. She reached for my prick again as if she was the one now mesmerized, her delicate fingers sending that same charge the length of my steel rod.

My nostrils flared as I tried to suck in more air while my tongue slid between her lips. My right hand came up to cup her ample breast, rolling and squeezing the mound until I felt the nipple elongating, begging for attention. The sheer material of her gown reminded me how it had felt when I ran my fingers along the red nylons leading to Linda's thighs. I wanted nothing more now than to make passionate love with my mother, but she came to her senses and broke the kiss.

"We need to talk more about this, but not now. There is a lot I have to tell you and it's hard to explain and may be hard to hear, but you're old enough now to hear it and make your own decisions. I hope I haven't scarred you and I hope you will understand when I explain everything to you. Now go get ready for school." She reluctantly released my hard-on, her eyes staring down at the burning red flesh, afraid to look me in the eyes.

I closed my robe, taking one last, longing look at my mother in all her beautiful slutty glory. The outfit was obviously chosen for my seduction. The dense but light colored bush couldn't hide her now very swollen pussy, the long wings spreading it open, a sign of how sexually agitated she really was. I wanted to return the favor and give her release, but I knew it wasn't what she wanted right now. Dad could take care of her after I left for school. I turned and left the room, shutting the door behind me to give her time to compose herself.

Well, if I wasn't sexually confused and fucked up before, I certainly was now. My mom had just given me a blow job and I felt like it was the most natural thing in the world. The woman who had given birth to me and nurtured me, who had cuddled me when I was afraid, who had taught me reading and arithmetic when I was four, was now one of my sexual conquests. She said I would understand when she explained it so I would just have to trust her judgment and wait for "The Talk". Being around the other beautiful women in my life at school might help keep my mind off my mother for the rest of the day.

I didn't eat breakfast, just dressed and headed to the bus stop. I was early of course and the first one there. The crisp morning air felt good as I tried to clear my mind and the visions of my lovely mother and her shapely, womanly body. Those long wings that had spread open her blonde forest were far larger than any of the girls (or women) I had been having sex with these last two weeks. I was pretty sure that a boy's sexual attraction to a beautiful mother was not uncommon, but consummation of those feelings was considered deviant behavior. I thought I should feel guilty, but it had felt so right that I had no feelings of guilt.

I didn't have long to dwell on it as another vision of loveliness approached. Ione was also early and her gorgeous smile and bouncy walk quickly chased away thoughts of my mother. She was wearing a short, navy blue skirt with no stockings and a tight, light blue pullover top and short white jacket. Obviously wearing the sports bra, her boobs were large but fairly still, yet those hips were bouncing from side to side in exaggerated fashion as she approached me. She hopped the last step up to me and planted a sweet, warm kiss on my lips.

She wasn't wearing any lipstick and had just a light amount of eye make-up knowing she would just mess it up in first period gym class. Her full red lips looked just as kissable and she tasted just as sweet as our first kiss. Her 18-year-old skin didn't really need any make-up but I knew she would put it on after gym class anyway just because that's what girls do.

"Hello beautiful. You're here bright and early this morning," I said, trying to sound as normal as possible after what happened to me this morning.

"Well, I wanted to make sure we had a few extra minutes. I have an away game this afternoon and then I have to clean the house and do homework tonight so I won't see you again after lunch." Her hand was on my waist as she pulled me close for another kiss, a little more passionate this time.

My rise started immediately and I wrapped an arm around her as well, pulling her close enough to feel the bulge as it expanded in my pants. I ground my hips into hers and she pushed back, anxious for her pussy to make contact with the swelling in my pants. She then broke the kiss, looking around to see if anyone was watching as she realized we were out in the open where anyone could watch us.

"I guess I better calm down," she said. "I have a big game today and I need to stay focused. They're the number two team and we can lock up the championship and go to the states if we beat them today."

"Hey, you guys are a lock. You have Betty pitching today. Nobody hits her. And when you make the states, you'll play on a weekend so I'll be able to come and watch you play. You're right. You just stay focused." I backed up a little bit and smiled, looking deeply into those emerald eyes and thought about our plans for the weekend.

As the other kids started showing up, we just continued talking about today's game. It was the same on the bus with everybody excited that the school could have its first championship team. The school had only been around 5 years and the closest we had come before was the boy's basketball team finishing third two years ago.

When the bus got to school, she went right to the gym while I sat around with George and Jeff and talked sports until we went to the computer lab. It became a typical mundane Thursday start and then I headed off to English class, visions of last night with Tina and Linda quickly coming back to me. Mom and Ione had temporarily pushed the visions and actions of last night into the deep, dark recesses of my mind, but they were now front and center as I stared at Tina in her black leather outfit. The clothes and her demeanor seemed to scream "I am sex. All bow down to the queen of debauchery."

She had a look of control in her eyes today. She had taken control last night and orchestrated our every move even though she was the younger female. The smallest one in our group also had the most dynamic personality and she reveled in that control that she wielded over us. The devious grin she shot at me said that she enjoyed last night and I had no doubt that I had missed out on quite a bit of action, but I had been sated and knew that I had to be alert for classes today.

Her expression changed as Ione came into class and plopped down in her chair next to me. Her hair was slightly damp from her after gym shower, but it only added to her sensuality. Tina's eyes were smoldering as she openly stared at Ione, and I could see the slight intimidation on Ione's face as she eyed the sexy nymph standing in front of her. Their eyes locked and I knew then that the lioness had selected her next prey.

I didn't know if I should be jealous or turned on at the possibility of these two beautiful women having sex. Ione had a hungry but confused look in her eyes, almost like Linda had that day in the school parking lot when Tina first started the suggestive glances and intimate touches. I placed my hand on top of hers and squeezed, breaking the trance she was in and eliciting a slight frown from Tina.

Tina's voice was terse as she started the class and the irritation in her voice lasted the entire class, as if she was mad at the world now. When class was over and she dismissed us, she asked to see me up front. I told Ione to wait outside and I would walk her to her next class. As I approached Tina, that seductive smile I had seen last night returned to replace her frown.

"Did you enjoy last night, Joey?" she asked innocently. "You left rather early." There was a bit of sarcasm and teasing in her voice now, as if she was treating me like a little boy she could bully. I didn't know how she could change intonations so easily.

"It may have been early for you, but I have a test today and need to be alert. Besides, you seemed to want some alone time with Linda." It was my turn to sound irritated.

"Don't be jealous," she smiled. "I'm not trying to steal anybody away from you."

I wasn't sure if she was referring to Linda or Ione now. That sexy, impish face could hide so much and at the same time bend you to her will. I didn't know how to respond so I just turned and left. Ione was waiting for me.

"Everything OK?" she asked, obviously concerned about the look on my face.

"Sure sweetie," I said, giving her a soft peck on the lips as a smile returned to my face and masked my true confusion about the situation. "She just wanted to be sure you were feeling okay for the big game today."

"She's one of our biggest fans," she beamed. "She hasn't missed a game all year. Coach lets her ride on the team bus with us and she even helps clean up the locker room after games."

If she had been a man, she would have been locked up as a pervert. But being a bi-sexual woman gave her free access to all the lovely naked, young bodies in the girl's locker room without raising suspicions. She could easily pick out her prey based on their reactions to her innuendos. She had easily been able to read the desire in my eyes, a desire that all men had for her. But recognizing and fostering that desire in an older woman like Linda said that she had been doing this for a long time now in spite of her young age.

I didn't know if she was really a predator looking for conquests, or was like me, someone with an overactive sex drive that was looking for like-minded people to enjoy it with. I knew I would have sex with her again no matter what I thought her motives were. The sex with her and Linda last night had been fantastic, the excitement partially fueled by the kinkiness of my first threesome, but also by my desire for her and that petite body that hid the sex-hungry woman inside her

I took Ione's hand and we walked to her next class. We slipped around the corner by the stairwell and I kissed her deeply, knowing it would be the last time today that I would see her. She returned the kiss with equal passion and used her free hand to caress my crotch, my manhood quickly lengthening and reaching out for her delicate touch. I raised my hand from her hip to caress her boob through the tight confines of the sports bra. The way it was pushed up made it feel huge but the material was sheer enough to allow her nipple to swell between my fingers.

The bell rang and she broke the kiss and hurried around the corner into the classroom. I jogged down the hall and went into my history class a few seconds late but she hadn't started class yet and didn't seem to notice my tardiness.

I had trouble concentrating in class as my mind drifted to thoughts of the diminutive Tina and the strong, athletic Ione locked together in a sensual embrace. Their tongues mingling as Ione pushed her down on the mattress and began opening her clothes. But just as quickly, my mind saw what would really happen as Tina took charge and mesmerized her younger prey as she moved her naked pussy over Ione's salivating full lips. I became aware of my hard-on lifting my pants and snapped out of the dream and back to the dullness of a mundane class.

At lunch, the guys were hammering me about my plans for the weekend with Ione. I couldn't tell them much since we had only discussed which movie we were going to see. If the unthinkable happened and they lost the game today, she would be in a real downer mood and probably not want to party. However, if they won as I expected, it was going to be a party weekend and I had every intention of taking her out and showing her off Saturday night. I just didn't want the guys to know where we would be, because sure as hell they would show up and gawk.

I stopped to talk with Linda after math class to see how she was holding up after what I knew was an exhausting night for her. She looked a little tired but had that similar glow from our first day of sex.

"So, Tina says you two had a late night. How are you holding up?" "Well, I have to admit that it exceeded my expectations. My first threesome and it didn't include my husband. I was feeling a little guilty. But I wish you had stayed. That young lady is insatiable and it would have been nice to have had a little backup." She hesitated before continuing, "It was different and it was enjoyable, but it wasn't anything like what I feel with you, or my husband."

I thought she was going to kiss me, but then students started filing in and I smiled and left her to teach her last class. The way she said it got me thinking as I walked to my last class. It sounded as if she was developing feelings for me and that was the last thing I wanted. She was beautiful and intelligent and a sexual dynamo, but as much as I was sexually attracted to her, there were no feelings of love involved from my perspective. Plus she was already married and I certainly didn't need that kind of hassle.

I then realized that Lori hadn't been in class today and that I hadn't seen her all day, which was highly unusual. She made it a point to make out with her smug boyfriend every chance she could when others were around. Besides being an exhibitionist, she wanted to make sure every girl in school knew that he belonged to her. She wanted to marry into money and he was the target whether she loved him or not. I would have to call her tonight and make sure she was okay.

I walked home alone after school. It was another warm spring day and by avoiding the bus, I could avoid the prying from my friends. It was only a couple miles so it would give me time to sort things out in my head. Now that I was away from everybody, my mind went back to this morning and the fantastic blowjob my mother had given me under the pretense of helping me out.

Did she really think I didn't know how to masturbate? Did she plan her actions this morning? She was rarely up early but ever since that first morning when she saw my swollen manhood, it seemed that she was awake early every day. I had to admit to myself that I had truly enjoyed it. Of the few blowjobs I had in my young life, I had never cum so quickly before. My mom was gorgeous and I had looked at her "that way" before, but she had only started to pop up in my masturbation fantasies in the last year.

This was quickly going from a boy's normal curiosity about the female body to an incestuous infatuation. And I was beginning to feel that she might have a similar infatuation with me. Then there was her cryptic "we need to talk" that at first I thought was going to be that stupid birds and bees talk, but now realized that there was something that they had been hiding from me. My walking home was just another way of avoiding that talk and hearing something that I may not want to know about.

I came out of my reverie to find myself standing in front of my house. I decided to face the music and started up the stairs when I heard some noise out back. I walked around the house to find mom bent down placing some seeds in her flower bed. She was wearing tight black shorts that allowed the cheeks of her ass to peek out the back. She was also wearing a tight black t-shirt with no bra and her ample bosom was pressing down and threatening to burst through the thin material.

"Hi mom," I said trying not to surprise her. "Planting flowers already?"

"Oh, high dear," she said standing to face me, her smile beaming like a beacon in the night. "Are you okay? You look a little down," she said as she stepped closer and removed her gloves, bringing her soft hand up to caress my cheek.

Her nipples were well defined against the dark material and I'm sure her gentle caress was meant in a motherly fashion, but in my current state, her touch was electric. My eyes closed and my cock stiffened and guilt flowed over my body. I could smell her sweet perfume in the fresh spring air and my cock got stiffer, pushing out the front of my pants. When her lips touched mine, I thought I would explode. It was just a soft kiss, but seemed to linger and promise so much more.

"Perhaps this would be a good time to have our talk before your father gets home," she said, stepping back away from me.

As I opened my eyes, I noticed how beautiful she really was and how hot she was. The guys were right. She oozed sex without even realizing it. Those bright blue eyes and pouty lips surrounded by the short blonde hair belonged to a goddess, and her curves were the kind that artists yearn for. But right now, those pools of blue were locked onto the swelling in my pants just as they had been several times in the last two weeks.

I didn't say a word as I walked into the house through the back door. I could hear her soft footsteps behind me as I tried to will my manhood to go down, but it definitely had a mind of its own and was staying stiff as a board. I walked straight to my room and set down my books before plopping onto my bed on my side, trying desperately to hide my embarrassment.

I could hear mom wash up quickly before she came in my room and lay down on the bed next to me, her face just inches away. Her perfume began to overwhelm me again, providing more fuel to enrage the steel rod in my pants. Even if she were Venus or Aphrodite, she was my mother! I shouldn't be feeling like this.

"Look, you know your father and I got married right out of high school. We were like rabbits when we first got married. We had sex every day and sometimes more often when he could manage it. But I have a very large sexual appetite and it was only a year before he started feeling the strain of trying to keep up with me."

This was way more knowledge than any kid should have about their parent's sex life. Was she so sure that she should be telling me this and how was it pertinent to what happened between us?

"So we started to experiment sexually. We tried a threesome but it didn't seem right to us so we started swapping with other couples our own age. That was when we met Bill and Martha, Kathy's parents."

She hesitated for a minute now, allowing that point to sink in. What was this leading up to? Now my manhood started to shrink, as a feeling of dread came over me about this conversation. It was already leading into a direction that I had never seen coming.

"We all got along so well, that we stopped swapping with other couples and started having group sex with the four of us."

"Mom! Do you really think you need to tell me all this? Are you trying to scar me for life?" I was really getting scared now. Were my parents perverts or just way ahead of their time?

"Look sweetie, you need to understand why we did what we did. The four of us loved each other and we would do anything to help the other. When we decided to have a family, we took a break from all our group sex and concentrated on just getting pregnant. But Bill and Martha weren't having much luck while I got pregnant with you right away. To get to the point, Bill was shooting blanks and was never going to get Martha pregnant."

That gave me pause since it meant that Bill wasn't Kathy's father. Was she adopted? Why couldn't they just tell me that instead of going through their whole sexual history?

"Anyway, Bill and your father got drafted for the Korean War and were given orders to ship out. And I decided that Martha needed to get pregnant before they shipped out."

"But you said Bill could never get her pregnant." I was getting more confused.

"That's why I had your father have sex with Martha before they left. You and Kathy have the same father. She is your sister." She blurted this last part out as quickly as she could.

It took a minute for all this to set in. Kathy and I had always been close but I never sensed that we were that close. Oh my God! We had sex. I fucked my sister! I took my sister's cherry! No wonder she was upset.

"How long has Kathy known about this," I asked.

"A few months now. They felt that she should know now that she is eighteen."

That explained why she had been pushing me away the last few months and why she reacted differently when we were together. We had been like kissing cousins growing up. The physical attraction was still there, but now she felt it was wrong. Or did she? Was she still attracted to me and just started dating Jack to push me farther away and remove the temptation?

"I know this is a lot to digest, but there are a couple more important things you need to know. I took a new medication when I was trying to get pregnant and it caused a problem. You are sterile. Like Bill, you can't father a child. I feel terrible about it, but you need to know before you get serious with any girls."

She was crying now, the tears slowly running down while the murky fluid dimmed her normally bright blue eyes. She had been bearing this cross for eighteen years waiting for the right time to tell me and thinking that it would break my heart and ruin our relationship. Quite the contrary, it awakened a new sense of freedom in me. These last few years I had stayed away from girls for fear of getting one pregnant and now I find out that it was impossible. I was going to have to make up for lost time.

"Mom, don't cry. That's nothing you should feel guilty about and certainly not the end of the world for me." I reached up to wipe away a tear, then leaned in and kissed her softly, lovingly on the lips. I let it linger until she started to kiss me back, the passion replacing the regret and guilt inside her. I inched closer to her on the bed, our bodies now touching as my dripping cock had returned to erect status.

"Wait. There is one more thing," she sobbed. "About this morning, I have a medical condition. It's very rare but it causes me to get sexually aroused without any notice. I don't even have to touch myself and I can have an orgasm. It can even wake me up from a sound sleep. But I can't control it and when I get excited, I want to have sex because an orgasm is the only way the stimulation stops. I'm sorry I did that to you this morning, but I couldn't help myself."

"Mom, you should have told me this before. I would have understood, about you and about Kathy. Did you have an orgasm this morning while you were sucking my cock?"

"Yes. That's why I didn't need you to do anything to me. Just the stimulation of touching your hard cock was enough for me. I had to learn how to hide my orgasms because they can happen in public, but I prefer to really let loose and make a lot of noise. Waking up this morning all hot and bothered and then running into you in the bathroom with that beautiful, hard poker sticking out, I just lost control."

I kissed her cheek, licking away the salty tears and slipped my right arm around her neck and pulled her even closer as I kissed her again, deeper this time. My left hand went down to her ass and pushed our crotches together, flattening my solid prick between us.

"Mom, I love you. You are smart, caring, beautiful, and sexy. If I can't get you pregnant, then I don't see any reason for us not to help each other out occasionally. I won't tell dad if you won't," I smiled.

She smiled back at me and kissed me hard. Her hands came up under my shirt, her nails softly digging into my skin and sending quivers throughout my body. I started to let myself go, thinking of her as a desirable woman and not just my mom. While the thought of incest was certainly responsible for the extra jolt of electricity I was feeling, it would not have been nearly so strong without her beautiful face and hourglass figure.

My hand left her rounded cheek and slid up softly across her large breast, the nipple once again trying to burst through the material. I began to massage the soft melon as the kiss became even more passionate. Her perfume was once again intoxicating me and I felt my head spin as I pushed her onto her back and lowered myself on top of her. My left leg was now between her legs and she was humping up to meet it. She grabbed my hand from her breast and moved it inside her shorts.

"Please, I need another quick release and then we can start again," she panted.

My fingers struggled against the tight material but I finally found her moist slit between the damp, matted hair. My middle finger pushed down on her stiff little nubbin as she closed her eyes and gave in to her inner demons. Her breathing was labored as she grit her teeth and forced her hips up to increase the pressure. This was more than just a spontaneous orgasm; she was getting turned on by having sex with her son and the feelings had been building up since that first time she had seen my stiffened cock.

I quickly diddled her hardness and she let loose with a loud, low moan as her legs locked around my hand and held me in place. Her back arched as her hips left the bed. All the air was leaving her lungs now as the moan continued. She had not started inhaling, concentrating on releasing all of those pent up feelings from the last few weeks.

When she did start breathing again, her hips crashed on the mattress and her eyes popped wide open as she gasped for air. I removed my finger from her clit and cupped her hairy mound with my hand, knowing it would be too much of a struggle to try to remove it from her tight shorts right now. As her breathing slowly returned to normal, she smiled up at me. There were no feelings of guilt or remorse now.

She pulled my hand from her shorts and then started to lift my shirt. I took the hint and finished the job, tossing my shirt into a corner. I started to undo my belt when she began to peel the tight, black top from her body and I had to stop to watch as those lovely breasts were finally exposed to me close up with no encumbrances. They were even lovelier than this morning when they had been covered in blue chiffon.

The wide, dark areola glistened as they stretched the skin to its limit. The stiff nipples rose proudly above them and begged for my lips to surround them and suckle them as I had as a child. But first I needed to get my damned pants off and allow my cock to breathe. I pulled my briefs off with my pants and they met a similar fate as my shirt, the coins fleeing the pockets and rolling around the room. My socks quickly followed as mom pulled off her shorts and showed off the beautiful blonde bush that I had glimpsed this morning.

She lay back down with outstretched arms to welcome me as I positioned myself above her. I didn't think twice as I rubbed the purple head of my monolith between her slippery crack. A large drop of pre-cum oozed out of my hungry cock and the head easily popped inside her. A look of surprise and extreme pleasure hit each of us simultaneously and I could feel my balls tightening. There was no way I was going to repeat that night with Kathy and I concentrated as I slowly pushed forward and slid balls deep into her eager pussy.

As I bent down to kiss her, she locked her legs on my ass and took the lead in setting our rhythm. As her heals released the pressure, I raised my hips and when they started to press down, I slid back in. After a few pumps, she started pushing harder on my ass and I started slamming into her with unbridled abandon. She was cumming again but kept shoving her hips up in tempo with the pressure from her legs. We went on like this for over ten minutes, sweat now pouring from our bodies. I lost track of how many times she came.

A puddle was developing on my bed from our combined body fluids and I could feel that familiar tightening in my balls as my cock began that final swell. This was it. I was going to have the ultimate orgasm and spill my load inside my mother.

"Wait!" she screamed. "Don't cum inside me."

Confused, I quickly pulled my cock out just as a stream of milky fluid shot out of the bulbous head and landed on her neck. The next blast coated her left tit with the subsequent squirts landing on her tight, flat belly. Still confused, I looked down at my gorgeous mother with my thick semen covering her soft skin. Her hand reached up and squeezed my cock, draining more drops of fluid on her beautiful body. For some reason, I felt the need to laugh and when I started, she followed suit.

I lowered myself down to kiss her smiling face, our bodies sliding effortlessly from all the semen I had spilled on her. My still hard cock was enjoying the feeling of sliding back and forth across her soft stomach. But then she broke the kiss and pushed me up, still smiling. I flipped over onto my back, my rigid pole still standing proudly and waving in the air. She scooped up some of the cum from her belly and then let it drip into her mouth. I watched in awe as she swallowed it and then went back for more.

She then sat up and leaned down over me, licking more from my body. My eyes locked onto a gob that was stuck on her left boob and she looked down to see what I was looking at. Still smiling, she lowered the tit slowly to my mouth and I swirled my tongue around the stiff nipple and then sucked the nipple and cum into my mouth. I swallowed the cum and continued to suck gently, lovingly at the breast that had first fed me as a child.

She pulled back again, staring down at my rod, still poking straight up with no sign of weakening.

"When does it go down?"

"I don't know, to be honest. I know I can do it two or three times before I need a few minutes rest." I said it matter-of-factly, not like a braggart. I'd only been fucking a couple weeks and I didn't think masturbation counted.

"Well, we're going to have to find out one of these days. But your father will be home soon so today is not going to be that day. Can you make him go down?"

"Yeah, but...why didn't you want me to cum inside you?" I asked, that hurt, puppy-dog look in my eyes.

"Oh, I'm sorry sweetie. It's just that sometimes I need a little diddle at night and I didn't want your father finding your cum inside me, at least not until I can explain to him why we're having sex."

"You're going to tell dad we're having sex?" I blurted.

"Don't worry sweetie. He'll understand. He's had to help me battle this condition for years. I'm sure he would rather it be you than have to find another couple for us to swing with. Everything will be fine. But we have to clean up before he gets home. You throw the bedspread in the washer while I clean up."

And just like that she got up and went to the bathroom, leaving my manhood throbbing and begging for more. I yanked the bedspread off and walked naked downstairs to the basement and placed it in the washer, dumping some powder in and turning on the washer. I went back up to the bathroom as mom was finishing up, running the warm, soapy washcloth between her moist slit. My stiff pecker led the way into the bathroom as I walked up behind her.

She was rinsing the cloth off as I ran my cock across her slit from behind. My hands came up and cupped her generous mounds, massaging gently. I kissed the back of her neck and could feel her quiver at my touch. I knew she was still as turned on as I was, but she also realized we were on a deadline.

"Stop that. I just cleaned it." But she didn't push me away or remove my hands from her breasts. I brought my cock between her cheeks and tickled that tight brown hole. She closed her eyes and inhaled sharply before she twirled around.

"No, not there. At least not now. Maybe never. I don't know. I've never done that." She seemed embarrassed that there was something she had never tried.

She took the cloth and soaped it up some more and started to wash me off like I was still her little boy. When she got down to my stiff pole, she got that mesmerized look again and just opened her mouth and took me in. I worked it in and out of her delicate lips but we were running out of time. Dad would be home any minute now and we needed to get dressed.

"Mom, it's alright. We need to get dressed before dad gets home." I grudgingly pulled away from her. She looked up at me through those glazed eyes, recognition finally starting to set in, and then stood up. I heard dad's car pull in the driveway and quickly took mom back to my bedroom and handed her the shorts and top, which she quickly threw on and left the room. I shut the door and put on clean clothes, setting at my desk pretending to do homework just in case.

I opened my history book, thinking I could go over today's chapter that I had missed while daydreaming in class. But again my mind drifted. So many things my mom had just told me and none of them were easy to digest. I wasn't surprised that my parents had been experimenting sexually. They had always been fairly open about sex and were very touchy-feely around each other and close friends. When we would get together with Bill, Martha, and Kathy it seemed that dad hung as closely to Martha as he did around mom.

I now thought that the feelings between me and Kathy were fostered by our parents' relationship since we would mimic their hugs and touches which eventually led to our make-out sessions. It had felt natural when we were kids to hug and kiss each other. It wasn't until after puberty that the awkwardness had started to set in. She had started to notice other guys and they certainly noticed her. And my eyes had always strayed towards beautiful females of all ages. But our one sexual encounter had now driven a brick wall between our friendship.

Knowing that wall was due to our being siblings oddly eased some of the awkward feelings I had. Maybe now that we both knew the situation we could patch things up and at least be friends again. I still had the desire to make love to her again and do it right instead of the wham-bam-thank-you-m'am from a couple weeks ago.

There was a knock on my door and it quickly opened. I turned to see my dad standing in the doorway and I tried to stay expressionless, hoping he wouldn't see the just fucked look on my face.

"Hey son, you've got a phone call and dinner is in five." And then he was gone.

I went to get the phone and it was Ione telling me they had won the game in a rout. They had stopped for dinner at a diner and she was using the payphone so she couldn't tell me much but she had nailed two HR's and Betty had only given up two hits. She was so excited I wished I could have been there, but these victory moments are best shared with teammates anyway.

I hung up the phone and went to the table for dinner. I told them about the game, dad talked a little about work and mom talked about starting the garden. An outsider would never have guessed the secrets that we were all concealing.

I helped mom clean up the dishes after dinner while dad went into the living room to read the evening paper and watch the news. I resisted the urges to reach over and fondle her while she was washing the dishes though my cock was still semi-hard as it strained against my blue jeans. I was reminding myself to check on Lori when the phone rang again. I was closest and went to answer it.

"Hi Lori, I was just going to call you. Are you okay? I didn't see you in school today."

"I'm fine. I just fell down this morning and hurt my ankle. They took x-rays but said it's just a sprain. Um, dipshit just left so I thought maybe you could come over for a while. Maybe help me with, um, math homework ... or something."

"Sure, I can do that. I'll see you in a few minutes." The "or something" had me intrigued. It might be just what the doctor ordered for both of us.

"Going to celebrate with Ione," my mother grinned.

"No. It was just Lori. She sprained her ankle and is going to be laid up for a couple days and wanted some help with the math assignments. I won't be long."

Mom looked down at my crotch, "Oh, I wouldn't say that." She chuckled and I went over and kissed her.

"Well, looks like you and dad will have a few minutes to get frisky," and I did a little Groucho Marx with my eyebrows. I grabbed my math book and went out the back door. I took the shortcut through the backyards and was at Lori's in a matter of minutes. I went to the front door and rang the bell keeping the math book in front of my crotch.

Her father answered the door, a smile quickly coming to his face. He was a big man in both height and girth and was the kind that could scare off young men if he was so inclined.

"Hey Joey. Long time, no see. How you been? How's that gorgeous mother of yours," he whispered. "Glad to see you. I thought "brainless Billy" had forgotten something again. I'll never understand how that kid is such a good quarterback or what my daughter sees in him."

"I'm fine. Mom is as beautiful as ever. And ... I can't argue with you about Billy."

He slapped me on the back and the laugh bellowed out of him from deep in his diaphragm. "She's up in her room but I don't know how much you'll be able to teach her tonight. They have her on pain meds and she's pretty loopy."

I headed up the stairs, the pain in my back from his slap at least partially allowing my manhood to subside. Lori's door was open and I walked in and shut the door behind me. She was lying on the bed with her foot tightly wrapped and iced and propped on a pillow. She was wearing a short yellow cotton nightie and her eyes were glazed over from the meds. The soft, inviting smile on her face told me right away that we wouldn't be opening any book tonight. I went over and sat on the edge of the bed next to her.

"That stupid little dipshit had me give him a blowjob and then just got up and left without reciprocation," she sputtered. "Recipro...reciprocal. That can be a math word, can't it?" she chuckled.

She reached for my pants and undid the belt and pulled down the zipper. My hard-on was sticking up above my briefs and she smiled. As she took hold of my cock and started stroking it, I reached under her nightie and shouldn't have been surprised to find she wasn't wearing any panties. She was dripping wet as my middle finger slid inside her and my thumb found her swollen clit. Her hips were moving and she started to moan, so I kissed her to keep the noise down.

She started to kiss back with a passion as her arms wrapped around my neck, leaving my cock unattended. There was more feeling in this kiss than there had been during our quickies. I guess the drugs were having a special effect on her. I slid my tongue between her soft lips as my fingers continued to work her nether regions. She was sucking hard on my tongue and her nostrils flared as they tried to inhale enough air. Her hips started bucking quickly and her arms tightened like a vice as she came, our lips locked and still while she tried to get more air. As the euphoria wore off, she started kissing me again. Softer now and with less urgency. Her fingers ran through my hair and I felt those familiar tingles as my nerve endings awoke.

"You know, for a nerdy guy, sometimes you can be really dreamy." She was softly biting that lower lip as she had done in class a few times. Her gaze drifted down to my prick, now dripping like an old faucet. She pulled her nightie up all the way, exposing that trimmed bush and those full melons. She placed my hand on my cock.

I stood up, my jeans falling down and then lowered my briefs. She didn't have to say anything. She wanted to watch me jerk-off in front of her. The ultimate exhibitionism for her. She played with her swollen nipples as I started to stroke my lathered cock. After the session with mom, I knew it wouldn't take that long. I studied her lovely body. I started thinking that this was what mom's body probably looked like when she was a teenager.

The skin was soft and had a pink glow from her excitement. The areolas of her large tits were swelling and puffing out as the nipples rose to sit high and proud on top of them. I knew those tits would continue to grow as her body matured. Her bush had been thinned out a little and was a shade darker than mom's. Visions of my mother started to flash before me and the similarities in their bodies became clearer.

Lori slid one finger down to her clit and started working it hard. Those long, butterfly lips were a deep red as she worked the hard nubbin. Her left hand was tweaking a nipple and offering her boob up as a target for my cannon. That was all I needed as my breathing deepened and my grip tightened on the hunk of meat between my legs. I stepped closer to her, pointing my enraged cock straight at those wondrous tits and spewed forth copious amounts of semen for the third time today. The first splash landed squarely on her right breast, so I aimed and nailed her left breast with the next spurt. More splashed down in the lovely valley between her mounds and slowly trickled down to her belly.

Her fingers were a blur as she bit her lip to hide the noise from her second climax. When she had calmed down and opened her eyes, I leaned forward towards her head and she rose up to meet me. Her mouth opened and took my stiff meat between her lips. Her right hand came up and squeezed the last drops out and she swallowed willingly. I started to reach for the tissues to clean her up, but she stopped me.

"Lick it off me," she pleaded. It wasn't a command, the drugs obviously having some effect on her behavior.

I got down on my knees and swirled my tongue around her right breast, just as I had done earlier with my mother. I sucked and swallowed and then sucked again, harder this time. I bit down softly on the nipple and she moaned her approval. My tongue whipped the rubbery tip while my hand massaged the mound. After a few minutes, I moved over and repeated the process on her right boob.

I was getting used to the taste of my own cum. It was slightly musky but not nearly as distasteful as I had heard others describe it. Maybe every guy was different or maybe I was just enjoying it because of the bodies that I had sprayed it on. I moved to that valley between the mountains of flesh and started to suck up the remaining liquid. It was more watery than the first globs and had a more salty taste to it, almost like the pre-cum I had tasted this morning.

I licked her entire body like it was an oasis in the desert. A large pool of cum had filled her naval when she sat up and I was now sucking that out and poking my tongue in and out of the wrinkled indentation. I kissed her belly softly and continued my descent to her thin, blonde bush. My tongue worked through the wiry hair and found that moist slit that harbored the stiff button that gave her so much pleasure.

I licked the entire length of her opening, my tongue sliding inside her briefly before coming back up to diddle her clit. My tongue slapped back and forth before I sucked it between my lips and then flogged it again. Her hands were gripping my head as she bucked up to meet my tongue. In her heightened state I knew it wouldn't be long before she came again. She held my head still as the orgasm exploded within her.

"Oh shit! Yes, yes, yes."

She hadn't held back this time and I was pretty sure her parents had heard that. As soon as she started to release her grip, I stood up and pulled my pants back up and fastened my belt. I yanked her nightie back down and covered her as I grabbed the math book and a notebook and sat back down on the bed next to her. The fear of being caught had allowed my pole to shrivel up like a dried out string bean. There was a quick knock on the door before it opened and her father peaked inside.

"Is everything okay here? It sounded like she was in pain."

"She's okay," I said, looking up at him. "She just moved wrong. But I think you were right. She's having trouble concentrating on math. I should probably leave and let her get some rest."

I was hoping he couldn't smell the sex in the air. I had licked up all of my evidence, but after three orgasms, that pussy was getting a little funky.

He smiled knowingly and left the room but also left the door open. I closed up the books and bent down to give her a kiss. She sucked my lips and ran her tongue across them.

"Hmm, I love the taste of me," she whispered. Her eyes were totally glazed over now and I was pretty sure she was slipping into dreamland.

I was hoping my mouth hadn't been glistening too much when her father was looking at me. I took out my hankie and wiped my lips dry just to be sure. I kissed her softly on the forehead and then got up and left. I yelled a "Goodnight" to her parents as I left the house.

I went straight to the bathroom when I got home and scrubbed my face and rinsed off my cock again. Back in my own room, I stripped down and hopped into bed. As I lay there thinking about all that had happened and all I had learned, I couldn't help but wonder how this would affect my relationships with the women in my life. Would I have the same desire for Ione tomorrow night or would visions of mom, Kathy, and Lori continue to break my concentration? Or would I be passive like I had been with Linda and Tina who had orchestrated my relationships with them?

I had different kinds of feelings for Ione than the others and it was the closest thing to a normal relationship that I had. I really wanted the date to go well but I didn't want to over think it. I would just see how it played out during the movie and we could take things from there. A warm sense of calm came over me as I pictured Ione's smiling face, fresh from her softball victory, as I drifted off to sleep. I awoke Friday morning feeling refreshed and alert, the usual morning wood told me there was still plenty of gas left in my tank. I slipped on my robe and went to shower, paying special attention to my appearance and making sure nothing was out of place. I wanted tonight to be perfect. I was almost disappointed when I opened the bathroom door and mom wasn't waiting there. My beast was at half staff and pushing out the front of my robe but no one else was there to see it.

I ate a bowl of cereal in my room while reading my history chapter again, this time soaking up the highlights. I looked at the clock and saw it was time to go so I laced my sneakers and grabbed my gym bag with my clothes. That was when it hit me. I was going to spend an entire night, and maybe a weekend, with a girl for the first time. The nerves started to set in. What if we can't find enough things to talk about after the sex is done? What if she doesn't like the movie? What if, what if ...

I took a deep breath as I headed out the door towards the bus stop. When I got there, there was already a crowd of people, most of them congratulating Ione on the big win. Even Kathy and Jack were standing next to her and smiling. I guess sports and school pride will cure all ills. I walked up to her and gave her a quick kiss.

"Congratulations slugger!"

She just smiled and then more kids were coming up to her and I slowly backed away to allow her that moment in the spotlight. She had earned it and was clearly enjoying it. I stood back and enjoyed the view. She was wearing a pink mohair sweater and red slacks, which was unusual for her. She had great legs and loved to show them off. But her curves filled out the slacks nicely and the pink sweater was just plain hot. You could see the flesh bounce as she laughed and I knew she wasn't wearing a bra under it. The mohair would prevent her nipples from showing but the sweater was tight enough that the soft material would be teasing those little peaks all day.

Kathy said something to Jack and then came walking over to me, still smiling. Maybe this was my chance to patch things up between us.

"Hey handsome. You must be pretty proud of your girl after that game."

"Hi beautiful," I said softly. It seemed like ages since I had greeted her that way even though it had only been a few weeks. "I am proud of her, but I can't say that she's my girl. I don't think she belongs to anybody right now. Or maybe she belongs to everybody," I laughed, looking at the crowd around her. It would only get worse at school.

"Everybody seems to think you two are an item except you." Her smile had now changed to a quizzical look.

"Look, right now it's a blossoming friendship. I may have known her almost as long as I've known you, but we've only been close in the last couple weeks. It's nothing like our friendship and truthfully, I doubt it will last as long. Right now it is going great, but check back in a month or so for an update. I have a feeling our college plans won't be compatible."

Kathy got a light grin, then bit her lip to suppress it as she looked up at me. She placed her left hand on my arm and gripped it tightly as she tried not to smile.

"Look, if I'm not the girl you're with, Ione would be my next choice for you. She's a great person and she's certainly easy to look at," she said, glancing back at our bubbly friend.

"This may not be the right time, but my mom told me about our parent's relationship. Or should I say our relationship?" Her face went pale. "It's no big deal to me. A little kinky maybe, but you should know that I'm shooting blanks so you don't have to worry about getting pregnant. If you were worried about that I mean."

"I guess I should say I'm sorry you can't have kids, but I have to admit that I am relieved that I don't have to wait out my period to find out. I'm on the pill now, but being a virgin at the time, I really wasn't planning on losing my cherry like that." There was a certain amount of regret in her voice and I started feeling guilty.

"I didn't come over that night planning on taking your virginity," I said, somewhat annoyed. "I just lost control and, well, I never even thought about you being a virgin. I don't know who I thought might have been the lucky guy, but I was as shocked as you when I realized what we had done. I'm glad now that it was me, but I wish I had done it a little better that night."

"Knowing I'm your sister, you still feel that way? Doesn't it feel wrong to you now that you know the truth?" 

She was trying to be quiet, but her voice was getting higher and louder. Then the bus pulled up and kids started piling on.

"Kathy, we need to sit down and talk about this rationally. Maybe we can get together next week some time. And no, it doesn't feel wrong to me. I still love you and I always will. Ah, you better talk to Jack. I think he could tell we were having a serious discussion."

We got on the bus, Kathy with Jack and me sitting down next to Ione with my gym bag on my lap until everyone else was seated. Ione turned and kissed me, her right hand slipping under the gym bag and roaming my crotch, only to struggle to find something firm. Her tongue slid between my lips and Old Faithful started to come to life.

"Is there a problem here mister?" she asked, cocking and eyebrow at me. Her hand continued to move between my legs as my cock started growing down my pant leg.

"No m'am," I replied. "Locked and loaded and waiting on your command."

"Well, at least you didn't say phasers on stun or something really stupid. I can handle locked and loaded. In fact, I think I've found an elephant gun." And she kissed me again and all was right with the world. Discussions with Kathy could wait. Ione was going to have my full attention this weekend.

In an effort to calm us both down, I had her tell me about the game. She was just finishing up as the bus pulled up to the school, with a few other kids listening intently which at least forced her to keep her hands to herself. Most of the kids had filed off as she finished but a few hung back to congratulate her again.

When we walked up and sat on the steps, a crowd started to gather around again as more of her teammates joined her. I eased myself up and quietly moved from the crowd to find the guys. I walked over to them feeling exhausted instead of the refreshed feeling I woke up with this morning.

I barely listened to them as they talked about scores from last night's professional games. My mind was locked in to how good her lips felt on mine and how totally wicked I felt with her hand on my crotch while we were in public. Sex in private was great but this public sex on the bus or in the classroom had a charge to it that I didn't quite understand. It was like that first moment my mother's lips touched my hardened cock. It was an indescribable pleasure because of how forbidden it was, going against all the social mores of our society.

I was still in somewhat of a daze as the bell rang and they opened the doors for us to enter. I was in the computer lab typing up the keypunch cards for my program, trying to stay focused on that and not succeeding. I finally gave up and wrapped everything up for Monday. I started thinking about tonight. I had planned on the movie and then stopping for a beer and pizza after to make it feel like a real date instead of just going back to her place and fucking all night. The bell rang and it was time to go face her again.

I got to English class and Tina, Miss Raphael, looked as scrumptious as ever. Instead of her normal black outfit, she was wearing a red skirt suit with black trim. It fit her small curves perfectly and looked terribly expensive. A couple of buttons were undone on the pink silk blouse but the skirt went almost to her knees, which was very unlike her. It was still a very sexy picture.

Ione came in just before the bell as usual but Tina was waiting for her. "Ah!" she yelled, running over and pulling her into a bear hug. The class applauded and I looked on in fascination as I noticed that Tina's head was resting just slightly above Ione's generous mounds. The hug went on for a full minute and then Ione released her and Tina put her arm around Ione's waist as she talked about the game.

I was confused. I was supposed to be proud of Ione's accomplishment, but there was a bit of jealousy creeping in as I watched Tina's hand on Ione's hip. I was probably just imagining it because I had seen Tina with Linda, Mrs. Taylor. But still, Tina had that I-want-you look in her eyes again just as she'd had with Linda. What bothered me was that Tina usually got what she wanted.

As class settled down and Ione returned to her seat, Tina passed out our last book for the school year. It was called The Learning Tree and she was giving us two weeks to read it and then write a 3-5 page paper about the changes in society between the 1920's discussed in the book versus the 1960's. The rest of the class was just her expounding on what she expected and didn't expect our papers to be. Blah, blah, blah, I just wanted the school day to end. My fresh morning start had quickly turned sour as I was bored by everything.

I suffered through lunch, with George and Jeff kind of leaving me alone knowing that I was nervous about tonight. I was getting myself worked up about how I should start things when we got back to her place. Should I put on some soft music and then make-out for a while or just get her out of her clothes as quick as possible? Should I let her lead and just go with the flow? What kind of a man would I be if I let her call the shots? Would she think me less of a man? Shit this adult stuff got complicated. I decided not to worry about it anymore.

Whatever happened, it would still be the best weekend of my life. Well, maybe. That Saturday with Linda had been fucking fantastic and she had taught me a lot. Would this day never end?

I got to math class and there was Linda decked out in this gorgeous white dress that hugged every delectable curve of her tight body. We went over homework and then the assignment for the weekend and she dismissed the class a few minutes early.

"Joey, could you stay for a minute so I can give you the assignment list for Lori for next week." It was said innocently enough and everyone knew that Lori and I were neighbors so no one was suspicious.

As soon as the last student was out of the room, she shut the door and I was waiting for her by her desk. She came over and pushed me back against the blackboard and I knew what she wanted, or maybe I should say what she needed. I kissed her deeply, picking her up by her ass and rubbing our crotches together. It was instant erection any time I was around her and her hand was inside my pants caressing it immediately.

I sucked on her lower lip and her tongue snaked out just enough to wet my lips. I let my tongue follow hers back between her sweet soft lips. Her perfume and the taste of her lipstick were sending my cock into overload. I knew I didn't have time to finish either of us off before the next class and I really wanted to save everything for Ione tonight. I reluctantly pulled her hand out of my pants and set her back down on the floor, our lips slowly separating. She was breathing deeply as she looked at me with a crazy how-can-you-stop-now look. And then the bell rang bringing her quickly back to her senses.

"Shit. Good thing one of us is an adult here. Wipe the lipstick off your face," she commanded as she grabbed her purse and quickly repaired her lipstick. "Okay, off you go. I don't suppose you have any free time this weekend," she pleaded.

I looked her up and down, the monster in my pants saying yes, but my brain knowing there was no way to juggle two girls this weekend.

"Sorry. Maybe some day after school next week. I'm really busy this weekend." I didn't know how to tell her I was spending it with Ione. "Maybe you and Tina could get together." She looked disappointed but forced a smile.

And I turned and left to go to history class. It went quickly and I was bored silly, my mind focused on what was going to happen next. Ione was waiting for me at my locker and I quickly grabbed my gym bag and threw my math stuff inside it. We had a quiet ride home on the bus and then walked hand in hand to her house. Her parents were truly gone and the house was ours.

"I thought we could go to Antonio's for a light dinner before the movie and then get a beer and pizza before we come home?" It was a question waiting for her response.

Her green eyes were glowing as she pulled the pink mohair sweater over her head, revealing the bare breasts that had occupied much of my thoughts today. Every time I looked at her, that flawless skin sent tingles down my spine. My heart skipped a beat as I heard the zipper go down on her slacks. As they fell to the ground, I noticed a bandage on her left calf. It wasn't enough to slow the mountain that was pushing out the front of my slacks, but I was concerned.

"I thought maybe I could be your snack before the movie and we'd just do popcorn during the show. Besides, the movie doesn't start until eight." She was dead serious and she was certainly as horny as I was.

"Are you okay? You didn't say you got hurt."

"It's just a scuff from sliding into second. It'll be fine. Now get your clothes off and let's get to the bedroom before a neighbor peeks in the window."

I pulled off my shirt and dropped my drawers. She grabbed my hand and led me laughing into her parent's bedroom. She stopped short of her parent's bed and I moved up behind her, my hands sliding up her body to massage those luscious melons. The nipples hardened at my touch and I could feel the areolas swell as she took a deep breath and leaned back into me. My turgid member had escaped through the front of my briefs and met the soft silky drawers that encased her sweet, round ass.

I pushed my swollen rod between those sweet cheeks and she humped back against me. We got a slow rhythm going and she turned her head and I kissed her, softly at first, then harder as we sped up the pace. I tweaked her nipples between my thumb and index finger and she bit my lower lip, the mild pain inciting us both. I lowered my right hand into her panties, quickly finding her slick crevice and forced a finger inside her. The angle made it difficult to get my thumb on her clit and I was getting too close to continue humping her like this.

I pulled my hand out and turned her around, pushing her down onto the bed. She raised her arms over her head and bent one leg, striking a pose like a model in a men's magazine. She looked a lot better than any I had seen and I found myself wishing I had a Polaroid to snap off a couple quick shots. Maybe another time but now it was time to get down to business.

I pulled off my briefs, the monolith standing proud and dripping wet, but she moved quickly off the bed. She grabbed one end of the bedspread and yanked it completely off with the blanket. Then she jumped face first back onto the bed, her round buttocks still encased in the pink silk panties. I crawled on top of her, dragging my stiff, wet cock between the firm hillocks of her butt once again as I placed my legs outside of hers.

I began massaging her shoulders while slowly sliding my cock between her cheeks. I worked the muscles around her neck and she sighed as her body started to relax. After a few minutes of loosening up her upper body, I started moving down lower on her back, working the middle, then the sides where my fingers came in contact with that soft breast flesh again. She moaned, soft and low and I almost lost it.

I stopped humping, not wanting to spill my load on her back, and continued going lower. I had to move down, my tumescence no longer in contact with her body. I lowered her panties bringing the alabaster flesh into view as I cupped both cheeks. I was dripping pre-cum like a faucet and got some on my hand to massage the bright white cheeks. My slippery finger found her crack and slid between the cheeks until I felt her soft brown hole.

She sucked in her breath as I gingerly moved my finger against the tightness. She didn't say anything so I continued to move up and down of her soft, brown bud, applying soft pressure at the opening. Up and down I went, then again and again.

"Oh fuck! Push it in me. Please!" she screamed and I pushed slightly harder as the sphincter gave way and allowed my finger to slide in to the middle knuckle. "Holy shit that feels good. Nobody has ever done that to me before."

She was panting now, much like when she was near an orgasm, as I slowly and carefully moved my finger in and out of her rectum. She moved her hand under her belly, obviously wanting more stimulation. My cock felt like it was going to burst without any physical stimulation and I had to concentrate to keep myself from exploding.

Ione's fingers were working her clit hard now and I tried to match her hip motions with my finger's motions. In and out, up and down. Her musky smell was billowing in the air now and I knew a finger wasn't going to satisfy either of us. I pulled my finger out and quickly removed her panties. I pulled her hips back until her ass was arched high and proud. I moved closer and nudged her fudge pot with my slimy tool, up and down, the lubrication running down from her ass to her pussy and mixing with her own juices.

Her breathing was ragged and her speech broken when she tried to talk.

"Oh... I'm ... not ... sure..."

But I surprised her when I pulled back and lowered my face so I could lick her greasy hole, my tongue trying to force its way into the tight cavern where my finger had been. She relaxed her anal muscles just enough for the hole to open and my tongue slid an inch deep into her forbidden hole. Her back arched and her fingers went still as she gasped.

"Ohhhh............," echoed through the room as she came.

Her hand dropped to the bed and her legs slid back down in exhaustion but my face was still close to its target. I kissed each cheek tenderly, my tongue slipping out ever so slightly. I slid my hands up along her thighs and she quivered at my touch. I moved lower and kissed the back of her legs starting behind her knees and then slowly working my way back up her thighs.

She moaned softly as she spread her thighs open while I worked my way up. I kissed the inside of each thigh just inches from her moist pussy. I moved my nose closer, inhaling her womanly scent, and then pushed my nose between her pussy lips as a prelude to what my tongue wanted to do to her.

I took her butterfly wings between my lips and sucked gently on them. My tongue eased out and grazed the greasy, musky flesh, her taste sending a new charge into the beast that was ready to explode. She raised her hips slightly and I was able to slide my tongue up the entire slit to her clit and her moan became deeper and louder.

I flipped onto my back and moved between her legs, pulling her juicy pussy down to my wanton lips. She pressed down rubbing her clit hard against my mouth. My tongue slid out and diddled the hard nubbin, whipping back and forth until she came again, groaning as she forced her pussy hard against my face and pinned me to the mattress.

She collapsed on top of my face, her trimmed pubes still scratchy as I tried to breathe. She could hear my gasping but wouldn't move.

"How's it feel not to be able to breathe, Mr. Wiseguy?"

Then she rolled off me onto her back laughing. She propped herself up and was staring down at the tall timber between my legs as I gasped for air and tried to look back at her.

"You know, you really need to do something with that wicked stick between your legs. That purple bulb on top looks like it is just gonna explode and make a mess everywhere." She was still laughing as I rolled over and made my way up her body, stopping to suck on those long hard nipples. "That tickles now!" she gasped as she pushed my head away.

My sloppy cock was sliding between her legs now and reaching for that bright red opening. My slippery pole met her slick crack and the head popped inside momentarily before she once again pushed me away.

"Oh, poor baby. That thing won't last two strokes inside me and then I'll be watching that movie for two hours with your cream oozing out of me. I don't think so."

She dropped down and slid lower on the bed, my cock straining to make contact with her skin. Then I felt those soft pillows mold themselves around my manhood and I instinctively began to hump between them just like I had done earlier with her butt cheeks. I was dripping plenty of cream to intensify the feeling and I knew it wouldn't take long. I could feel the stiff nubbins on my stomach as I slid effortlessly between her lovely melons.

I could feel my cock expanding, a sure sign that I had passed the point of no return. She apparently felt it too as she pulled my hips up and took my behemoth between her soft lips and sucked hard on the angry purple head. My cum shot out hot and hard, splashing against the back of her throat again and again. My body jerked forward sending my cock deeper towards her throat, still spilling even more cum into her hungry mouth.

She swallowed it all, sucking softly as I slowly pulled back. She kept her lips locked around the swollen head, swirling her tongue around it as she swallowed more of the copious cream. She began to purr quietly as she sucked on my still hard tool, bringing a hand up to gently fondle my balls. She was enjoying this almost as much as I was.

She began to softly scrape that sensitive area of skin between my asshole and balls and it was my turn to quiver, my body shaking as a finger gently found my puckered hole. She teased me, sliding that finger back and forth while she brought the other hand up to squeeze my cock and force those last few drops into her mouth. I was doing my best to stay in a pushup position so I didn't smother her as she had done to me. My arms were shaking and my legs were weak with all the blood feeding into that wood between my legs.

She finally let the head plop out of her mouth, flattening her tongue and sliding it the length of my rod.

"Jeez, does it ever get soft? A girl could get lockjaw working on you and you probably wouldn't even care."

I turned and flopped onto my back and she quickly lay up on top of me, flattening the steel rod against her soft belly. We kissed softly in post coital bliss for several minutes. Then I tried to hump her supple belly but she bit down on my lower lip quickly ending any idea I might have had about a round two. She laid her head down on my chest, her hands gently caressing my torso. She eventually acknowledged the long wooden pole rising between my legs and gripped it tightly. She worked her hand up and down a few strokes and then abruptly stopped.

"Don't stop!" I pleaded. "You can't just tease me and leave me in this condition."

"You always seem to be in that condition. C'mon, we need to clean up before the movie."

And she was off the bed and into the bathroom. I quickly followed her, again coming up behind her but with no panties in the way, I took my cock in hand and directed it to her slick opening and pushed. I sank balls deep inside her and her loud gasp was part shock and part pleasure. It was about time for me to take control for once. I needed to cum again as badly as I needed to the first time.

She leaned forward and planted her hands on the vanity, pushing her hips back to let me know she was ready. I started pumping her slowly, going deep on every stroke. Having just cum once, I knew I could drag this out as long as I wanted, but I wanted her to enjoy it as well. I sped up the pace and she easily matched my rhythm, the slapping sound of bodies mixing with our moans and groans of delight. Her knees were starting to go weak so I tried to hold her up by her hips. It wasn't working.

I turned her around and picked her up, setting her down on the edge of the vanity as I moved back between her legs. We kissed deeply as I shoved my steel pole inside her again and started pumping her. Her tongue darted between my lips as she opened her mouth to suck in more air. I sucked it gently and she pushed it deeper, sliding it across my own, the musky taste of our earlier encounter feeding the desire deep within me.

I spread my legs a little to increase the upward motion of my strokes and this seemed to hit a very sensitive spot on Ione. Her cunt muscles had my cock in a clinch now as she squeezed hard and slammed her clit down with each stroke. She broke the kiss and started moaning loudly, her head tilted back as she continued to meet my upward strokes with her own downward slams. 

She leaned forward into me, her body leaving the vanity and trusting me not to drop her. She wrapped her arms around me tightly, her boobs mashing against my face, and I felt her pussy clench one last time as the climax hit her hard.

"Oh FUCK! Oh ... fuck, oh ... yessss!"

She was still gasping for air, but started to relax. I used the opportunity to grab one of her elongated nipples between my teeth and nibbled gently. Then, feeling the cum boiling inside me, I started my final assault on her pussy. My hands were on her cheeks and I controlled our movements as I shoved my cock deep up inside her. A dozen strokes and she was cumming again as I sent my cream splashing against her cervix.

Spurt after spurt left my rod as the tingling sensations ripped through my body. Her cunt was milking my cock, squeezing out every last drop of cum. Every contraction of her pussy sent another charge through my nervous system during this seemingly never-ending orgasm. My knees were going weak now.

I set her back down on the vanity, her hands reaching for the sides to hold on. We were both gasping for air, our bodies bathed in sweat and completely exhausted. My manhood, temporarily sated, began to soften but she kept squeezing, trying to hold on to it as long as she could.

"Oh my God, Joey. That was ... fucking fantastic," she gasped.

"Yes it ... was. Shit ... I'm still tingling."

I laughed as I leaned closer to her and kissed her again. Our lips melding in passion and our tongues dancing wildly, darting between open lips as we both gasped for air. I wrapped my arms around her sweaty back and pulled her closer. She started to nibble my ear lobe and dragged her long nails up my side, sending new shivers up and down my spine. I pushed back away from her.

"Okay, okay, you win," I laughed. "I can't take anymore. And now we need a shower instead of a sponge bath."

"Fine. But we are not showering together. We'll just end up doing this again and it's going to be a long weekend and I don't want that electric eel of yours running out of juice. And I get the first shower, just in case there isn't enough hot water." She laughed and hopped off the vanity.

I heard the water start as I left the room. I walked naked into the kitchen and opened the fridge. I found a pitcher of water and filled two glasses. I drank mine down, the cold helping to douse the flames within me. I refilled my glass and took both of them back to the bedroom. I could hear Ione softly singing while she showered and tried to picture her as she rubbed the soap over her supple skin, up and over the generous mounds on her chest, then sliding between that heavenly crack between her legs.

My cock quickly started to come back to life, stretching out along my leg before finally starting to stand up again. I hadn't noticed the water had stopped but I looked up to see Ione partially wrapped in a towel staring at me.

"Really? Who are you thinking about now?" she queried, her eyes locked on the insatiable monster between my legs. She hadn't washed her hair and her auburn locks had the look of an unmade bed, making her even more desirable.

"I was thinking about being that bar of soap as you ran it over your luscious body," I laughed. "Have I told you how beautiful you are?" I asked, more serious now. I held out the glass of cold water for her.

She slowly walked to the bed and took the glass of water. Her beautiful skin was still red from the hot shower and it glistened where the water droplets still clung to her body. She sat on the bed next to me, a very serious look on her face now.

"Please don't get all serious on me now. There's not much of the school year left, then a couple months of summer before we head off in opposite directions for college. I don't want anybody suffering heartbreak, including me."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. It's just seeing you standing there like that I realized how very beautiful you really are, as a woman and as a person. And I always kind of thought you were out of my league dating wise."

"No you didn't," she insisted. "You had Kathy blindness. You two were such close friends you couldn't focus on anyone else, even if she was dating someone else. I always thought you were cute, even if you were a little square. If you had asked me out, I would have gone out with you. So whatever spat you had that opened your eyes, I'm grateful because this little puppy is full of fun," she laughed, grabbing my semi-hard cock and running her hand up and down it a couple times.

I kissed her softly and went to take my shower, my rigid pole leading the way. I wondered if there could be something wrong with me that was related to my mother's condition. The hot spray of the shower washed away all my worries though and I came out refreshed and ready to go to the movies.

Ione whistled as I walked back into the bedroom, my prick finally flaccid. She was pulling a thin white sweater over her naked breasts followed by a short red skirt, sans panties. There was a short red jacket that matched the skirt and deceptively hid the fact she was braless.

"You know, even soft that stick of yours is pretty impressive. And you've got a really cute butt," she said with a mischievous smile.

"Oh, don't go getting all serious on me," I mocked. I decided to wear underwear because it had a way of deflecting wet spots on the black slacks. A light green dress shirt with a French cut produced another wolf-whistle from Ione. We were both still laughing as we got out to the car.

It wasn't far to the movie theatre but we were running late. We got inside just as the previews were finishing. We sat in the back and there weren't many people in the theatre because the movie had already been out for a couple weeks. We settled into our seats with her leaning against my chest and my right arm on her shoulder. She had already removed the jacket and the soft material of the sweater had my fingers determined to explore later on during the movie.

We laughed a lot during the beginning of the movie while trying to munch on the popcorn. As Mrs. Robinson is seducing the rather dorky Dustin Hoffman, Ione looks up at me and says, "What is it with guys and older women?"

"What is it with guys and any woman," was my reply as I thought about how great the sex had been with the more experienced Linda and Tina.

It wasn't much longer and Ione had finished the popcorn and set the bag on the floor. She raised her butter coated fingers to my mouth and ran them across my lips, that yummy flavor of butter mixed with the sensuous feeling of her slippery soft fingers sending tingles directly to my crotch. I sucked on her index finger, my tongue swirling around the flavorful digit until it was clean. One by one, the fingers took their turn getting cleaned off, each time the charge going straight to my crotch.

Ione was getting a little antsy in the seat as I did my best to keep the finger cleaning a sensuous and not sloppy experience. When she looked up at me, I leaned down and kissed her, the slippery butter on both our lips causing our hunger to grow anew. Her right hand went straight to my crotch as my left went under her sweater and our lips hungrily devoured the butter we were sharing.

I had never made out with a girl in the movies before and the threat of being caught added a new excitement to our make-out session. It was just as exciting as watching Lori in class or when we had sex in her bedroom when her parents were downstairs.

From the way Ione had dressed tonight, I had expected more action but I wasn't sure if it would be in the theatre or in the car. I felt her nipple harden as my fingers closed around it under her sweater. Her hand gripped my lengthening beast through my slacks and then stroked it lightly. We continued to kiss, sucking the butter off each other's lips and playing dueling tongues for quite awhile, forgetting about the movie entirely.

Then I noticed some movement and saw some pervert get up and move into our row to get a better view of what he thought was happening. I broke the kiss and stared at him, causing Ione to turn and look. I expected her to be upset but instead she reached down and unzipped my pants, reaching in to release my eight inch pole for the pervert to ogle. She took my left hand from her breast and moved it under her skirt, my middle finger quickly finding her slit and slipping inside the moistened cave.

Her breathing quickened as I slid my finger in and out, matching the rhythm of her hand stroking my cock. We started kissing again, ignoring the pervert and everyone else in the theatre. The kissing helped to mask some of her moans of pleasure as she was quickly building towards an orgasm. I brought my thumb up to find her clit and she bit my lip as her body was jolted by the sudden contact of her sensitive nub.

It only took a few quick diddles and she was cumming, her body rising up and her hand tightening around my enormous pole. Her breathing was deep but uneven and her right hand was wrapped around my head to insure our lips stayed locked together until her moaning stopped. As her breathing calmed, I broke the kiss and removed my hand from her wet pussy, bringing my fingers towards my mouth to taste the musky sweetness of her young cunt.

She intercepted my hand and instead brought the fingers to her own mouth, sucking the juice as her eyes locked onto mine challenging which of us was the more depraved. My cock was still dangling in the cool air of the theatre but we turned to check on our observer just in time to see him grip his cock as he shot his load against the seat in front of him. Ione started to laugh finally aware of what we had just done.

I tucked my bad boy back into my shorts and zipped up my trousers wanting to save my load for later. Since we had missed most of the movie anyway, I got up and took Ione by the hand, leading her out of the theatre. She didn't resist, still giggling about the perv who had jacked off while watching us. As soon as we were in the car, she grabbed my cock again and kissed me, her tongue quickly sliding in and out of my mouth.

"It's okay," I said breaking the kiss. "I don't need to cum right now."

"But my God that was intense. It was better than what we did on the bus. Knowing he was watching me while he jerked off and not having to hide what we were doing. Shit, the adrenaline is still pumping in me now."

"Let's calm down and go get something to eat before everything closes," I suggested. We hadn't had time for dinner before the show and I was really starving.

Ione gripped my cock tighter, then let out a loud sigh of frustration and let him go. She started up the car and drove to the pizza shop. I couldn't help but eye her beautiful legs as she drove. The short red skirt rose high on her lovely thighs making me question my decision of food over sex. There was a slightly noticeable bulge in my pants as we went into the pizza joint. She was giggling again.

When the owner told us they were busy and it would be at least a half hour, we paid for the pizza and then went back outside to wait. She was standing next to the red neon PIZZA sign and it gave a pinkish glow to her skin. When she crossed her arms, it moved the jacket to the sides and I could see her stiff nipples pushing against the soft fabric of her sweater. That was it for me.

"C'mon, let's go wait in the car," I suggested. I took her hand and led her into the back seat. The parking lot was on the side of the pizza place and not well lit giving us some semblance of privacy while still giving Ione the rush of possibly getting caught.

She climbed on my lap as soon as the doors were shut. I unzipped my pants and let loose the lengthy log that had been threatening to split in half. She grabbed it and moved it into position against her dripping pussy, then shoved her hips down and engulfed it in her moist warmth. My cock tingled but I also felt a feeling of relief being buried balls deep in this titillating teenager. I reached up under her blouse and played with her bountiful boobs, kneading and massaging them as I started to move my hips.

She met my hip movement with equal enthusiasm and we were slamming into each other at a pretty good clip. I pushed her sweater up and engulfed an extended nipple, sucking voraciously, now hungry for more than mere sustenance. I nipped lightly on her stiff nubbin and she moved her hand down to her clit and started rubbing like mad as her body trembled in orgasmic bliss. I could feel her cunt tighten around my pole and I grabbed her hips and began shoving in and out of her, the pressure in my piston continuing to build.

I could feel the head of my cock swelling inside her as the tingling started to spread throughout my body. My balls were tightening as the pressure was building, building, building until finally I exploded sending gobs of cum splashing into her crystal cave. Spurt after spurt splashed inside her as I gasped for air while she tried to squeeze that pussy even tighter around my rigid pole. She started to cum again, leaning forward to get that last bit of contact between her clit and the bone above my prick. She wrapped her arms around me, my face smothered in the softness of her breasts, while I slid my hands off her hips and up her bare back.

We stayed clenched like that for several minutes, our breathing still ragged, and then she started to giggle again. She finally released her grip and I tried to latch onto a nipple again, but she leaned back begging me to stop as the laughter overtook her. I stayed hard inside her as she leaned back against the front seats, finding it hard to stop laughing.

"What's so funny?"

"I was just thinking that if you 'had' been my first boyfriend, I would have been expecting better sex from every other guy I dated and I would have been sooo disappointed. I don't know how the sex could get better."

"Well, we've only been at this a couple weeks. I'm sure we'll find a way to satisfy you," I chuckled.

The laughter left her face suddenly as she stared down at me. She quickly got off me, our mutual juices leaking everywhere.

"What now?" I pleaded.

"I know you're seeing other girls. You couldn't have been a virgin and been this good already. Did you have a Mrs. Robinson to teach you? Is that how you will find other ways to please me?"

"And you've had sex with other people and it's a safe bet you will have it with more people. You didn't want to get serious so I'm trying not to, but you are very easy to get attached to. You think I only had a crush on Kathy all these years but I've always had a crush on you as well. It just manifested more with Kathy because our families were always hanging out together."

"You didn't answer my question. Do you have a Mrs. Robinson?"

"Well, I could tell you but then I'd have to kill you," I laughed. "Look, you seem to have it all figured out anyway, so let's just leave this discussion for another time and enjoy our weekend together. Live for the day and don't worry about tomorrow."

She found some old napkins and started cleaning up her crotch so I pulled my handkerchief out of my back pocket and started to clean up the slime off my cock and other places it dripped.

"God, how do you still have so much juice inside you after what we've done the last few hours?"

"I think I read someplace that the testes produce semen and sperm while the male libido is excited. And since I've had a perpetual hard-on for the last two weeks, I think there's still plenty more where that came from."

Cars had been pulling up to pick up their pizzas but no one had pulled up next to us in the only other slot in the parking lot. They just pulled up to the curb. It was dark enough that they shouldn't have been able to see but our luck had been pretty good. Just then a small sports car pulled up next to us. I recognized the car right away and sure enough, Tina stepped out. She seemed a little tipsy but was as sexy as ever in her black leather mini-skirt and matching jacket.

"Well, should we go say hello to Mrs. Raphael?" I asked. "She is almost as hot as you," I joked, wrapping my arms around her and pulling her towards me. She giggled, but her gaze stayed on Tina in her sexy little outfit. Even in the dark I knew that look was the same one I had seen in class a few times.

"No, let's just wait until she's gone and we can get our pizza and take it home. The beer's cheaper at my house." She was trying to smile but I could tell she was a little uneasy about having Tina find us together right now.

"Anything you want to talk about?" I asked, concern and curiosity getting the better of me.

"No, er, I mean..., it's just awkward. After the game last night, she kissed me." She was starting to cry softly.

"Did you enjoy it?"

"What? What do you mean? How could I enjoy being kissed by another woman?" Tears were starting to run down her face, little black smudges appearing as she tried to wipe them away.

"Hey, hey. It's okay. She's a beautiful woman and she feels close to you after helping out with the team all spring." Boy, even though I suspected the attraction, I didn't really think anything had happened yet.

"Do you think she is a lesbian? Because I am most certainly not a lesbian!"

"Honey, calm down. Just because women kiss doesn't make them a lesbian. She's beautiful, you're freaking gorgeous and you've been working close together for a couple months. She probably just got caught up in the excitement after you won the game."

"How can a woman who enjoys kissing other women not be a lesbian?" There was panic in her voice now. I had to own up to what I knew just to relieve her angst.

"Some people just enjoy sex with people they find attractive and it doesn't matter to them if that other person is a man or a woman. Tina just happens to be one of those people who enjoys... pleasuring other people. And being pleasured by them."

"Tina? You just called her Tina and not Mrs. Raphael. Is she your Mrs. Robinson?" Her face was just inches from mine now, and I knew I had to tell her the truth.

"She's not really old enough to be a Mrs. Robinson, but yes I did have sex with her. And there was another woman there too. So you see, she's not a lesbian. She likes men and women."

"You had sex with two women at the same time? What the fuck! Am I falling in love with some kind of pervert? Is sex with me not enough for you?"

Oh shit. Maybe I shouldn't have told her everything. File this away for future relationships; sometimes the truth is not as helpful as a white lie.

"Look, it just kind of happened. It's not like I planned it. And we weren't really dating when it happened. I was just there when things started and kind of joined in. And as long as I'm being truthful, I'm not sure that sex with you will always be enough for me. You may have noticed that I get hard a lot and sometimes stay that way. I can't always control it and sometimes I just have to have relief."

"Oh, you can't control it. And how long have you had this mysterious medical condition?"

"Ione, I've had to jerk off at least twice a day since I was twelve. Usually even more often than that. I always thought it was normal because I've always been like that. That's why I can understand Tina being attracted to you. She has a high sex drive and she wants to share it with the people she likes."

"And she likes you so she just forced you into this group sex thing. Maybe you're all perverts."

"Listen missy, you're the one who just had sex in the movies while a grimy, middle-aged man jerked off while watching you. Perversions come in all shapes and sizes. Judge not ..." I let it drop at that before it sounded too much like a sermon.

She started to sob again. "Oh my God, I did. And it was fucking fantastic. I loved knowing he was watching. I loved the fear of being caught. Just like doing it in the car with you. I don't understand what's happening to me."

I pulled her close. "It's just biology. Our hormones are raging and we want to experiment with different things. It doesn't mean that we will do all the stuff we try for the rest of our lives. Just don't get too serious about the sex and try to enjoy it. Then decide if you want to do it again. And as my mom told me this week, be careful."

"Your mom talked to you about sex? Mine get embarrassed if I catch them kissing."

"See, everybody is different. Your mom is so beautiful I don't know how your father could keep his hands off her. It's easy to see where you got your looks." I ran my fingers through her hair as she calmed down.

"Yeah, but your mom looks like Joey Heatherton. Your father is probably giving it to her right now."

"Oh they are most definitely having sex right now. Of course, they don't always care if I'm home or not. They try to be quiet, but sometimes my mom just can't control herself."

Just then Tina came wobbling back out with her pizza. She had obviously been drinking, but being a Friday night, that was no surprise. She looked completely slutty tonight with heavy makeup to go with her short, tight skirt and that tight little body.

"You think she's okay to drive?" I asked, more than a little concern in my voice.

"Why? Are you going to go help her into her car? Maybe run your hand into her tight little panties to relieve her tension? "

"Hey, don't be jealous. She's a sexy woman but I would never choose her over you. You have your own 'sexy thang' going you know." I was totally serious about that. Tina was beautiful and had a really tight twat, but her controlling and dominance was not attractive to me. She had to come in small doses.

Tina left without incident and Ione seemed to be calmed down. I thought about the two of them together and I could picture them in a perfect sixty-nine with Tina on top controlling the action. It was a wonderful sight, but just my imagination for now.

"Look honey, why don't you wait here and I'll go get the pizza. Nobody has to know you've been crying. We can take it home and eat it." I kissed her softly and she sat back up, more composed. Her face had streaks and smudges where her mascara had run, but even that didn't dull my desire for her. "Hmm, you look a little like that Alice Cooper character in that weird band."

She laughed again and opened the car door. She got into the driver's seat while I went in to pay for the pizza. The short ride home was quiet and I didn't want to break the silence and get her crying again while she was driving. But as soon as we were in the house, she had more questions.

"Mrs. Taylor is your Mrs. Robinson. And she's the one you and Tina had sex with. Am I right?"

My stunned look said it all. I didn't need to reply.

"I knew those rumors were true. Somebody had to be building up your confidence and who better than an older woman whose husband is out of town. When the rumor started, all your friends said that you struck out and nothing happened. You didn't even tell your best friends. Why would you tell me?"

"Because I have feeling s for you. Our relationship may be new, but we've been friends a long time and I think I can trust you. If anyone else finds out, Linda could be sent off to another school and have to answer some tough questions her husband would ask."

"First name basis with her too. How many times have you had sex with her? You going to sneak off this weekend for a quickie with her?"

"We've had sex a few times. She did ask if I was available this weekend but I told her I was busy. I think she took the hint that I have a girlfriend. She was a little disappointed but I'm sure she'll get over it. It was strictly sex with her and nothing else."

I was on my third slice of pizza and grabbed two more beers. I was starting to get full and wanted to be a little agile for what I hoped would patch up the night and get us back on track for tomorrow. I came back with the beer and she had put some quiet music on and was standing in the middle of the room, the low light giving a soft glow to that tight, white sweater and the swollen globes it contained. She had washed off all the make-up, her skin a little pink from the scrubbing was now a closer shade to match her lovely auburn hair.

"Dance with me," she pleaded.

She still had that tone of vulnerability in her voice like she was looking for me to share more intimate moments with her. I set down the beer and went to her, placing my hands on her hips as she wrapped her arms around my neck and lightly kissed me. It was a very romantic setting as we started to sway in time to the music. It was not something I was used to, most of my experiences having revolved around sex and not romance.

She started to grind her hips slowly against mine and my hands went to those sweet buttocks and pulled her closer. Our lips met again, the kiss lingering this time but still soft. My pole was pushing up the front of my slacks as usual making contact with her taut belly. We continued the soft kissing and the intermittent contact of our groins caused by her hip movements until the song ended. I kissed her more deeply during that quiet pause between songs.

The next song was faster with a Latin beat and she slipped her arms down to my hips and started to swing her hips in a more exaggerated fashion, her large breasts bouncing noticeably in the tight sweater. I held her waist just above those gyrating hips and tried to match her rhythm. It took more than a few seconds but I started to match her movements, my cock bouncing up and down in my pants.

When she looked down and noticed it, she started to laugh. She pushed herself away but continued her bump and grind to the music and then suddenly pulled her sweater over her head and threw it into a corner. Her breasts were bouncing like crazy but it was extremely sexy. I stopped dancing and just watched her as she raised her skirt exposing that delicately trimmed pussy. She did a slow turn and pumped her cute ass back at me. I could understand now how men would want to go to a go-go club and watch young women gyrate.

I undid my pants and pulled them off with my shorts, grabbing a beer and finding a comfortable seat on the sofa, my pole wagging away as it enjoyed the vision before me. I started to masturbate while I watched her and her eyes became glued to my motions like mine were glued to hers. She undid the skirt and yanked it down, tossing it at me. It had a damp spot on the front and I brought it to my face and inhaled her musky scent, another charge going through my prick.

She moved closer, swaying her hips and shoving her crotch forward in a wanton motion. Her nipples were long peaks atop the giggling mass of flesh that bounced before me. I worked my shirt off while watching her and trying to stroke my cock. It felt so much better than when I had to jerk off alone. Every nerve ending in my body was alive as I watch this nymph perform for me. As all good things must end, the song stopped and another slow song started.

"Take me to bed and make love to me," she said in a kitten like whisper.

I didn't need to hear it twice, rising off the sofa and taking her hand as she led back to her parent's bedroom. It was still unmade from our earlier exploits, the discoloration on the sheets more noticeable. She laid down with her back to me and I spooned her, my cock trapped between her long, lovely legs. I brought my hand up to cup a breast, massaging lightly while I kissed the nape of her neck softly.

Her hips moved ever so slightly and she moved her hand down to capture the purple head that was exposed between her thighs. She rubbed my drippings around the engorged head and then rubbed some of it along her crack. She opened her legs slightly, pushing that purple knob against her crack and making contact with her clit, her hips now moving slightly to increase the frequency of contact with her most sensitive body part.

We started to synchronize our movements with my hips coming forward as her hips moved back. Then mine pulled back as she shifted her s forward, my cock head making contact with her clit. It was like fucking a very loose pussy; just enough contact to keep you hard but not enough to push you over the edge. We continued our erotic motions while I planted soft kisses on her neck and upper back. She turned her head slightly as she stretched out and I captured and earlobe, sucking it gently between my lips.

She moaned softly and I felt her hold my manhood still as her legs closed tightly, her body gently quivering as a surprising orgasm swept over her body. We stayed quiet and motionless for several minutes, my lips resting on her neck with my tongue occasionally slipping out to taste her delicious skin. Though most of it had worn off, there was still a faint smell of the light cologne she had sprayed on earlier.

She released my cock from both her hand and her legs, rolling over onto her back. I looked into those soft eyes as I leaned down to kiss her, a gentleness and warmth creeping over me that I had only felt before when kissing Kathy. Was it possible to fall in love with one woman when you were having sex with so many other women?

She pulled on my cock again, directing me over her, and placed it at her opening. We continued to kiss softly as I slowly entered her slick cavern and started a gentle in and out movement. There was passion in the kiss, but not the urgency we had felt the other times we had sex.

She raised her legs and opened them wider as her hips started moving. I let her control the rhythm, matching her slow, sensuous movements. It seemed to go on forever, interrupted only briefly by her tiny orgasms that sent shivers throughout her body.

I looked at the clock and noticed we had been at this for over an hour. She gripped my cock with those strong vaginal muscles, bringing my attention back to her instead of the clock. I closed my eyes, feeling that boiling sensation begin as she tightened and loosened those muscles without moving her hips. Our hips were still and yet it felt like we were fucking as she milked the turgid monolith between her legs.

She had a slight grin on her face as I opened my eyes again, surprised at how wonderful this felt. Our hips stayed glued as she milked my pole, tingles starting to emanate from my cock head down the staff and outward to the rest of my body. The boiling cum exploded from my balls and shot out of my prick like a cannonball, splashing against her cervix as she held me tight. Stars exploded in my head as the second stream shot out and I felt my arms go weak as the third stream quickly followed it. I collapsed on top of her, exhausted from the long but excruciatingly delicious orgasm.

Somehow I was still hard inside her, my body tingling from every place she touched. I could hardly breathe as the sensations continued to wash over my body. How could such a young girl learn to do such a seemingly advanced sexual technique?

I rolled onto my side and she rolled with me, my cock staying buried in her warm, moist pussy. Our faces just inches apart, we kissed again then lay there without speaking. She let her fingers glide across my skin, my body still quivering at her touch. Eventually we drifted off to sleep, locked in a loving, sexual embrace.

When I awoke Saturday morning, we were still facing each other with my limp prick stuck inside her soggy tunnel while beams of sunlight slid between openings in the dark draperies. Ione was already awake and gazing softly at me as those vaginal muscles began that soft squeezing motion again. Our morning breath left something to be desired yet I had to kiss her, feeling that passion grow again in my brain as well as my hardening tool. That sour taste from our kiss was somehow stoking my fires but my first stroke deep into her pussy caused her to wince in pain so I quickly stopped.

"Are you okay?" I asked with true concern evident in my voice.

"I'm fine. It's just a little sore from yesterday. Maybe you should go slowly."

"Or maybe I should just kiss it and make it feel better," I said as I slowly pulled out, gobs of our mixed bodily fluids oozing from her cavern. I quickly started down, stopping to suckle a swollen nipple that had been piercing my chest just moments before. My fingers found her pussy, crusty cum stuck to her swollen outer lips while the odor from our primordial ooze wafted northward and made me think twice about my previous idea.

"Or maybe I should just jump in the shower," she yelled, pushing me away and hopping out of bed before I could protest.

I heard her on the toilet, a couple of quiet splashes followed by the hiss and tinkle as she relieved her bladder. Then she was brushing her teeth soon followed by the sound of the shower. She hadn't opened the door to invite me in so I took the hint and grabbed my bag and walked naked down to the hallway bathroom, my solid eight inches bouncing up and down as I walked. I gave him a couple quick strokes remembering that we had all weekend.

When I emerged from the shower all refreshed and ready for action, I returned to the bedroom to find Ione already dressed and placing the finishing touches on the light make-up she had decided on for today. I looked at her reflection in the mirror, her flawless skin glowing as she grinned back at my reflection that had just come into view.

"Hurry up. We are not going to spend the entire day in the house you know." She quickly hopped by me and bounded down the stairs.

I reluctantly quieted the beast and pulled on some clean clothes, the gurgling from my stomach reminding me that I was past my normal Saturday breakfast schedule. When I got downstairs I found her buttering some muffins she had just warmed up.

"So what do you usually do on Saturdays?" she asked, obviously not wanting to start the day off with sex.

"Well, normally I just go to the park and play baseball," the disappointment evident as I sat down and grabbed the warm buttered muffin.

"Do you think they'd mind if I played?" her eyes widening at the thought of embarrassing a bunch of guys on the diamond.

I looked at the tight yellow t-shirt and the prominent spheres that stretched the cotton to its limit and knew that the guys would be ecstatic to watch her orbs bouncing around as she ran. I just shrugged and grabbed another muffin as I headed towards the door. Her enthusiasm was overwhelming as she grabbed a glove and cap that were by the door and then slipped an arm through mine as we left the house.

The warm sunlight added an extra glow to the feelings from last night. The sex had been so different from the pure lust I had felt with Linda and Tina. Or even the intimacy I had felt with my mother. Was I falling in love or was it just a puppy love from my first intimate relationship with a beautiful girl my own age. Could an eighteen year old really know what love is?

I would have to wait for an answer because we had arrived at the field and the guys had just finished the first game and were choosing up sides for the next one. They stopped to ogle Ione until they realized I was the guy attached to her arm and then pretended to act like they were just looking around for more players.

"Hey, you guys going to join us?" George offered. He then proceeded to make sure we were on opposite teams, laughing at me as his team took the field and I went to sit down and wait for my at bat. I was amazed at how graceful she looked as she would glide under a fly ball, her ample bosom barely moving. Then when the inning was over and she ran off the field, those breasts would bounce up and down and I thought they were going to hit her in the face. She usually had them wrapped when she played but today she wanted to flaunt them in front of all my friends.

The games dragged on into the afternoon. I was sweaty and tired and could think of nothing but wanting to crawl into a hot shower with Ione. But she was having a blast showing up the guys and looked like she could keep going all day. Her smile was still wide as she taunted her opponents with insults just like one of the guys.

I noticed movement to my left and turned to see Linda walking towards us with an older man. I quickly recognized him as her husband from the pictures in her house, but he looked older than the pictures and she looked just as young and beautiful as the day they had been taken. She was walking straight towards me with a smirk on her face so I stood up to greet them.

She did the introductions and we shook hands, his gripping mine like a vice, a determined look on his face. She explained how he surprised her by flying in on the red-eye last night. Guess it was a good thing I had plans with Ione or it could have been messy.

"So you're the young man that's been helping my wife out while I was gone," he said through clenched teeth. He obviously had suspicions that our relationship had been more than professional.

The inning had ended and Ione came bounding in and right up to me, distracting him as he stared unabashed at her swollen melons. Linda looked a little jealous but I wasn't sure if it was because of her husband's reaction or the fact that Ione was with me.

"I guess this means I'm out of a job now that you're back to help your wife grade papers," I stated, my grin meant to imply more than I probably should have. This guy was every bit of the douche bag that Linda had told me about during our after-sex talks.

"Well, we should probably be going. Don't want to interfere with your game. See you in school Monday Joey." Linda looked a little perturbed as they walked away and was mumbling something at him as she pulled his gaze away from Ione.

"You two did more than grade papers," Ione whispered in my ear. "She has that same look in her eyes that I had the first time you fucked me. And your face is screaming it was more than a teacher-student relationship." She said it matter-of-factly with no hint of jealousy in her voice.

"Oh, and you just lost so maybe we can go home and get something to eat now before we go out for the night." I turned and kissed her smiling, dusty lips never happier to have lost a game in my life.

We said our goodbyes and all the guys made sure Ione knew she was welcome to join in anytime she wanted to. Then we walked back toward her house and I listened to her spout off about how much fun she had and how she thought the guys would have been much better players than her. I just had to laugh and pulled away from her shouting, "Race you to the shower!"

She might be a great athlete, but there was no way she could outrun me. I had a half-block lead on her as I went in the back door, dumping my shoes and clothes by the kitchen door. I heard her footsteps on the porch stairs and ran up to the shower, turning the water on nice and hot before I slipped in and let it wash over my aching muscles. I let the spray hit my face and was working the dust off when I felt her soft hands wrap around my abs and her stiffened nipples scratched my back.

My prick started to elongate as blood rushed to the engorged head. Her hand reached down to stroke my turgid member now fully hard and protruding out away from my body. She rubbed her soft boobs up and down my back, her nipples massaging the nerve endings and sending those familiar tingles along my spine.

I turned to face her, the dust clinging to her soft skin, the unnecessary make-up long since disappeared. I grabbed a wash cloth and dabbed at the dust, gently washing it from her delicate skin. She closed her eyes as I ran the slick cloth over her forehead rinsing the last of the grit from her face. I leaned down and kissed her softly, a warm feeling emanating throughout my body. I didn't know if she had the same feelings. She had been in so many relationships compared to me. Maybe I was just another guy to her, a sex toy that she just happened to like more than her previous beaus.

Her hand was on my stiff prick again, rubbing the purple head against her clit, her eyes still closed while we continued to kiss softly, lips and tongues intermingling. Her long legs had her velvet opening at an almost perfect height and a slight shift of my hips allowed my mushroom to pop inside her eliciting a long, soft moan from her sweet lips. Her hand pulled my member out and she started using it to diddle herself again, her wanton desire taking over as she sucked voraciously on my tongue. With her controlling the tempo, it wasn't long before her body began to stiffen and those low, throaty moans began. I could feel the goose bumps on her skin as the orgasm swept through her body, her hand grasping my dick tightly and maintaining the contact with her sensitive nub.

As she calmed down, she loosened her grip on my manhood and I thought I was going to be left high and dry, but she surprised me by turning around and presenting me with her cute little tushy. She spread her legs as she leaned forward and placed her hands on the shower wall. That lovely pussy was gaping open and I slid in easily, grabbing her hips and starting a slow grind. Then I buried it completely inside her and held her still.

I reached up and grabbed the soap and lathered her backside, working my hands gently but firmly from her shoulders down to her sweet little ass. I caressed her butt and then let my thumb slip between her cheeks to tease her tiny bunghole. She moaned softly, her body in a heightened sexual state. I ran my hands back up and along her sides, catching plenty of her ample breasts as gravity pulled them down. Then on my slow descent back to her butt I stopped and caressed the soft flesh of her buttocks while I removed my cock from deep inside her.

I let the beast slide along her opening, the swollen red wings trying to capture it and pull it back in. But then I slid it up and over that tiny opening and she moaned again. I pushed gently as the knob nestled into her cleft and she pushed back, unsure if this was really what she wanted to be doing. I got some more soap and lathered up my tool, placing it back at the forbidden hole and pushed with more force this time. Again she moaned and pushed back, the head popping inside her.

"Oh shit that burns!" she screamed, holding her hips still while trying to get accustomed to the large invader.

I held my prick still inside her tight tush and reached down, inserting a finger inside her larger hole. I then worked my thumb in and began to tickle her clit with my index finger. She started to relax and her hips began a slow motion roll that had my cock inching ever so slowly into her tight sphincter. I pushed harder on her clit and she responded by pushing back on my cock. I was almost half way in now, her ass feeling like a vise as it gripped my granite rod.

I pulled back slowly, removing about two inches of cock before I eased forward again and got a little more inside her. The feeling was incredible and I wasn't sure how long I could last. I didn't wait this time, pulling back again and then pushing forward a little harder, my cock almost completely buried in her fudgepot. She was starting to moan again, either getting used to the pain or enjoying the way I was tickling her clit.

I pulled back again and started to slam forward but she was ready this time and met my thrust, burying my entire rod in her tight bunghole and squeezed it as hard as she could. As soon as her muscles relaxed, I began to pull out and then shoved it back in. We got our rhythm going and it was just like fucking. The soap was working well as a lubricant and my frigging of her clit was offsetting any pain from the anal intrusion.

We worked in unison now, cock and thumb pulling out of the respective holes when her muscles relaxed and then slamming back in as her hips thrust backward. My balls were slapping her pussy as my cock was buried deep in her ass and I could feel my joy juice boiling as the pressure continued to increase.

The tingling started between my legs and Ione was really panting now, gasping for breath as another orgasm overtook her body. She slammed her hips back at me and I buried my cock in that lovely ass one last time, feeling the sudden swell as the cum began the rapid journey up my pole until it exploded like a geyser deep inside her tight little ass.

I grabbed both her hips now as I slammed inside her forbidden hole, stroke after stroke while spurts of cum boiled over and creamed her insides. I wanted it to last forever and the way I was tingling I thought it would never end. I finally just held her tight and felt the last of my cum oozing out as I tried to breathe. I slid my hands back up again, taking hold of her boobs and massaging them while my cock stayed buried in her ass. I kissed her neck and she tried to stand upright, her hands covering mine and pushing harder on her tits.

I slowly eased my cock out of her bunghole and she turned to kiss me. Our lips mashed and our tongues danced while my still hard rod slid up across her soft, flat belly. Every time I thought I could never be more turned on, a new experience happened and proved to me how little I really knew about sex. We continued to kiss passionately and I felt that closeness, that feeling I knew must be love; or just intense lust. I still hadn't decided if I had enough experience to differentiate between the two.

Ione finally pushed us apart and grabbed that wash cloth and soap to start the clean up. She was cursing under her breath as she cleaned the hard rod protruding from my body.

"Damn thing never goes down. Never seen anything like it. Just not normal." She looked up flabbergasted. "You better get this thing under control because you are taking me out dancing tonight!"

*

End of Chapter 3. I am planning on Chapter 4 being the final Chapter and hoping to stay healthy enough to get it completed in about a week. Sorry for the delay in completing this chapter. 

Teacher, Teacher Ch. 04
byMalomar©

I have taken some poetic license in describing the mother's and son's sexual disorder, sometimes known as Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder. It is not the same as nymphomania nor is it as pleasant as I have made it out to be, but then I wouldn't have a very positive story to tell. If anyone might have a friend or family member who suffers from this disorder, please do not take offense. As with previous chapters and everything I write for this site, all characters and incidents are totally fictious.

Teacher Teacher Part 4

Ione seemed a bit perturbed, or maybe just exhausted, while we were driving to the bar. She was being exceptionally quiet for her and a little agitated. I wasn't sure if it was because of the anal sex we'd just had in the shower or if she was somehow feeling inadequate because of the tireless snake between my legs.

I looked over at her while she was driving still somewhat in awe that I could not only attract but satisfy a girl as sweet and beautiful as her. She had borrowed a white silk pullover top from her mother's closet and it clung to her body like a second skin. The hard nipples on her braless breasts were perfectly outlined as the material appeared to slide effortlessly over her smooth skin as she shifted her weight around. The soft material stretched and clung to her ample bosom as well as her tight, athletic torso. The vision was quite, um, titillating.

She chose a hot pink cotton mini-skirt that I had seen her wear before with pantyhose, but tonight she wore no stockings, just her over-the-calf shiny, white, patent-leather boots. It was the typical Brit Mod look of the day and a complete turnaround from the tomboy baseball player I had spent the earlier part of the day with. Not that she could hide her gorgeous body in jeans and a t-shirt, but this outfit definitely showed off all her assets to their fullest.

A slight grin returned to her face as she pulled into the packed parking lot at the bar. The band that was playing tonight was made up of four guys who had graduated from our high school, none of whom I knew that well, but one of which I was sure that Ione had known quite well. However, from our previous conversations this week, I didn't think I had anything to worry about with past boyfriends. Her smile widened as she looked over at me, eyeing the slight bulge in my black slacks, much as I had just ogled her luscious body.

"Are you ready to rock?" she yelled, obviously excited about what she hoped was going to be a great night.

"I just hope I can keep up with you," I whispered, leaning in to give her a soft kiss. Her hands wrapped around my head and held me tight as she gave me a deep, passionate kiss. She wasn't looking for a soft, nice, gentleman tonight.

We hopped out of the car and made our way inside which was even more crowded than the parking lot. The band was already playing with the lighted dance floor jammed with young gyrating bodies. I knew we wouldn't find an empty table but I snaked our way through the crowd to the railing that looked down on the mass of bodies hoping to be able to spot someone we knew. I moved Ione up to the railing with my hand on her firm, flat tummy and stood behind her to protect her from the clumsy oafs trying to make their way back to the dance floor from the bar.

We both spotted her at the same time, my hand feeling Ione's sharp intake of breath. Tina was dancing in the middle of the crowd wearing one of her trademark black outfits. The black satin top I had seen her wear before, except this time most of the buttons were undone leaving a lot of glistening flesh exposed. With her miniscule breasts, she could get away with this, but it was still damn sexy. The black mini-skirt I had not seen before.

Unlike the tight skirts she wore to teach in, this one was loose and was swirling upward giving anyone nearby a glorious view of her cute, tight ass even if it was encased in the dark black pantyhose. The black boots with the spike heels went well with her dark eye make-up and the bright red lipstick. She looked like a Napoleonic dominatrix, short but all-powerful. She was dancing with a young, blonde guy but her eyes were scoping out the room instead of being centered on him.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked my voice louder than usual so she could hear me above the din of crowd and music.

"Sure. Yes, let's get down there." Her voice started out hesitant but became more firm as she decided to face her fear. Or her hidden desire if it was what I truly believed. She turned and kissed me hard, forcing her ass back against the firm lump that had been pushing against it.

We made our way onto the dance floor and Ione deftly maneuvered us toward the center until we were easily in view of Tina and her swaying hips. As we got closer, I noticed that you could indeed look inside her blouse and catch glimpses of her naked, nearly-flat breasts and the hard, rubbery tips that sat atop them. Guys all around her were ignoring their girlfriends just to ogle this beautiful woman.

When Tina spotted us, she stopped dancing and left her partner alone, scampering over to us as best she could given the crowd and the high heels. She hugged Ione first and gave her a quick peck on the lips and then did the same with me. And right on cue, the song ended.

"Oh, I never expected to see you guys here tonight. I'm so happy. We're going to have so much fun!" She took both of us by the hand and led us off the dance floor to her table, a large round booth in the back which she probably had reserved every Saturday night. I guess I should have expected to see other teachers at her table, but I was kind of surprised at the mixed bag of characters that she hung out with.

Mr. Howard and Mr. Young were both divorced thirtysomethings which I could certainly see falling under her spell but they didn't seem her type. Mrs. Kennedy, Mary, was actually a friend of my mom's and in her early forties but recently divorced when her husband left her for another man. It was a giant blow to her ego but she was still a very attractive woman. A guy coming out of the closet was pretty much unheard of for this era and there was a certain stigma attached to a woman who lost her husband in this way.

I didn't know if she there trying to hook up with one of the younger male teachers or had Tina hit on her as well? She was very attractive but this wasn't the typical bar for someone in their forties. Come to think of it, the male teachers were out of place as well, looking more like leering perverts than anyone's date. They were wearing suits but had removed their ties but still looked out of place. Tina's youthful appearance and attitude was the only one to fit in with this crowd.

The table had several pitchers of beer already on it with plenty of clean glasses to go around so I poured out two and handed one to Ione. Tina was still standing with an arm around Ione's waist but she didn't seem to mind. She was telling everyone about Ione winning the State Championship while her hand was surreptitiously sliding down to the top of her ass. As thin as the cotton skirt was I knew she could feel her hand and the slight blush in her cheeks confirmed it. She took the brew and downed most of it, deftly pulling away from Tina and into my arms.

"Enough about baseball. Dance with me." And she pulled me out onto the dance floor.

For a high school band, these guys weren't half bad. They were covering everything from the Beatles to Pink Floyd to Led Zeppelin. We were all out on the floor dancing away but it seemed that everyone was watching someone other than the person they were dancing with. That included both me and Ione.

As much as I didn't want anything to do with her tonight, Tina looked especially hot tonight when that skirt would flip up exposing her tight little ass. Guys were blatantly forcing their girlfriends towards her so they could get a better look. I was trying to maneuver us away from her but every time I got a little distance between us, there she was again just inches away from Ione. I couldn't even tell for sure what guy she was dancing with or if she was just mixing with other couples to stay close to us.

I definitely knew which of us her target was and it wasn't me. Yet I was at a loss as to how to prevent it. I knew Ione was being drawn to her and after Friday night's outburst, I also knew she was afraid of being labeled a lesbian. But just knowing that she had been thinking about it made me aware that it had been on her mind for quite some time.

I focused on Ione now, watching her ample breasts bounce and sway with the music. Her nipples were stiff points perfectly formed against the white satin blouse. In spite of our earlier escapades, I couldn't wait to get back to her house and lock my lips around those sweet morsels. I danced a little closer to her and made sure she could see where I was looking. She blushed again but smiled and danced into my arms just as the song was ending.

We were all sweating now from the constant dancing but the band was getting near its break time so they had switched to The Beach Boys 'In My Room' to slow things down. Ione quickly folded herself into my embrace like she needed protection, her fingers linking behind my neck as I rested my hands on the top of her ass. I could feel her pointy nipples as they pressed into my chest while I kissed her softly on the neck. She looked over at Tina and then moved to get me in a lip-lock when she knew she was looking.

My boner was now pressing against her tight tummy while we swayed gently to the music. Her tongue darted in and out of my mouth, teasing me to take the lead. I slowly followed her tongue until she was sucking it between her lips. We stopped dancing at that point and just stood there and kissed. Plenty of eyes were on us now and I let my hands caress her hot pink buns while I pulled her tighter to my swollen crotch.

As the music died off, Tina was right there to lead us back to the booth. I had to keep Ione in front of me but fortunately Tina had us sliding into the booth as soon as we got back. The table provided all the cover that I needed. Ione looked a little confused with Tina on one side of her and me on the other side. She was turned on but I wasn't sure if it was just from the dance or from now being so close to Tina.

Mary slid in next to me bringing a pitcher with her and filling our glasses. We all downed the first drink quickly, parched from all our gyrating under the hot lights. I hadn't seen Mary on the dance floor and she didn't look all that sweaty. Since Tina now had all of Ione's attention, I decided to talk to Mary.

"So, were you dancing? You don't look all that winded."

"Me? No, I was just watching everyone and enjoying the music. I especially enjoyed watching you and Ione dance, if that's what you call it." She seemed really nervous and out of place but then this really wasn't her type of place.

"What made you come out here if you didn't want to dance?" I had a pretty good idea what her response would be, but I was curious if she would admit it.

"Well, Tina can be very persuasive", she laughed. "And she thought I was too depressed to be alone for another weekend."

She looked very glamorous in her blue V-neck dress that showed ample cleavage and extended to mid-thigh. I was sure she was wearing pantyhose to help hold in her slightly bulging tummy along with matching blue pumps. Her Chanel #5 just added to the elegant beauty of this middle aged woman. She looked at least ten years younger than 43 years of actual age.

"I'm glad you came. It's nice to be surrounded by beautiful women." I smiled, genuinely meaning what I had said, and placed my hand on hers squeezing gently. She may have added a couple pounds over the years, but she had a lovely face and was wearing just enough make-up to not look like a trampy divorcee. Her Chanel #5 with its intriguing aroma a sharp contrast to the Shalimar that Tina was wearing. Ione had come without perfume today, but her fresh scent had been just as intoxicating while we danced.

I turned to look at Ione and she was deep in conversation with Tina, their hands below the table when not taking a drink. I couldn't tell if they were holding hands or if Tina was starting to advance her seduction already. The other two guys were off near the bar trying to hit up some girls barely out of high school. That was when I noticed Linda and her douche bag husband enter the bar. I had thought for sure they would be spending the day in bed making up for lost time.

"I've got to pee before the next set starts," Ione pleaded. That was all it took for Tina to lead her out the other side of the booth towards the restroom.

"You think you can keep an eye on them for me?" I begged of Mary.

"Of course," she winked. "I'm sure I can coax something out of my old bladder." And she was off to join them. It was nice to see her smiling again.

"Where did everyone go?" Linda asked as she slid in next to me. "I'm pretty sure I used deodorant today. Honey, please get me a white wine before you sit down." Slightly perturbed, he glared at me and walked to the bar.

"The ladies are all in the restroom. The guys are, well, I'm not sure what they are doing to be honest. But what drags you out of the bedroom when he just got home after all those months?"

She moved her hand to my leg, "Let's just say he needs a break before round two. He doesn't quite possess your staying power."

"Does he know about us? He looked pretty pissed at me earlier today." Jealous husbands tend to make 18-year-old boys nervous.

"He has his suspicions, but given what he was doing overseas, he is not going to bring up that subject anytime soon." Her hand had slipped into my pants pocket and was now gripping the firm meat that ran down the side of my leg. She sighed.

"You look beautiful tonight. You know I have a soft spot for that red dress. Are you sure this is what you want to be doing right now?" I asked placing my hand on top of the one gripping my now engorged member.

"Seems to me that you have a 'hard' spot for this dress, and maybe for the woman wearing it. I just need a little help getting my juices flowing before we get back home. He was pretty quick on the trigger and left me a little high and dry."

I figured we had a few minutes as slow as the bartenders were and as long as the line was at the ladies room. I unzipped my pants and removed her hand from my pocket into my crotch where she could grip the real thing with no encumberments. She quickly spread my dripping pre-cum the length of my shaft and then started massaging the swollen head. Her breathing was getting deeper and there was a glow in her red cheeks.

I moved my left hand down to the short hemline of her dress and easily slid the material northward as she spread her legs. Her silky underwear was damp, probably from his spunk but I pushed a finger against her slit and ran up until I found her swollen clit. She leaned back and closed her eyes, teeth clenched as she tried to hide her mounting excitement. She squeezed my prick while I diddled her but her orgasm came on so suddenly it surprised both of us.

Her body convulsed as we grasped each other in the dark corner but no one was close enough to witness the deed. I removed my hand and lowered her dress back down but she remained leaning back with her eyes closed and her grip on my cock now easing up. It felt good and I wouldn't have minded if she finished me off, but I had wanted this weekend to be just about me and Ione and it was already getting out of hand. I looked towards the bar and noticed a glass of wine being poured.

I reached into my pants and helped her hand glide up and down a few more strokes before I removed it and zipped back up. Eddie was back and sliding in next to his wife a look of concern on his face.

"You all right babe? You look a little flushed."

She opened her eyes. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just a little tired from the long day I guess." She took the drink and downed a couple gulps. "I'm sure a little dancing will get me back into the spirit." She smiled at him and he was none the wiser as he smiled back at her.

The girls were now coming back from the ladies room, giggling and all three holding hands. I didn't know if they were trading stories in there or making plans for later. Eddie was leering at all of them as they approached the booth. Ione looked a bit upset when she saw Linda sitting next to me and scurried a little to make sure she got into the booth next to me. Tina was still holding her hand and followed her into the booth. That left Mary to sit next to Eddie, which he didn't seem to mind at all.

Ione quickly placed her hand over my crotch and found my hard-on, confirming her suspicions of Linda's seat next to mine. She gripped it tightly, too tightly to be pleasurable. I countered by sliding my right hand up her skirt to find she had ditched her panties and her pussy was as slippery as it had been earlier this afternoon. A finger quickly slid inside her and she loosened her grip on my rigid staff. Her moist cunt now gripped my finger as she tried to gently rock her hips and move the finger in and out of her lubricious cave.

I was surprised to feel a small hand cover mine and quickly turned to see Tina look at me with a defiant stare. She must have been slowly sliding her hand up Ione's long, soft thigh thinking she was the one turning her on. I could feel the small fingers slowly rise above mine to Ione's clit and Ione reacted by letting loose a low moan and gripping both our hands and removing them from her crotch.

Everyone at the table turned and looked at her but then the band began to tune up their instruments to get ready for their final set. Even Eddie had ripped his gaze away from Mary's cleavage to see what was going on. Ione held on to both our gooey hands trying to defuse the situation as she got her breath back. The teaching firm of Howard and Young decided to grace us with their presence having struck out at the bar.

Mr. Howard was staring at Mary's exposed breast flesh as he asked, "Mrs. Kennedy, may I have this dance?"

"Well, my eyes are up here, but what the hell." She slid out of the booth and took his hand as he led her out to the garish dance floor with the flashing lights.

Eddie and Linda quickly followed and I pulled Ione out as swiftly as I could, anxious to get her away from Tina. That left Tina with Mr. Young who had this big shit-eating grin on his face as he extended his hand to her. She grabbed his arm and dragged him out to the middle of the floor and began to gyrate in front of him, shaking her hips as she danced seductively closer. As she got closer to him, her hips started shifting back and forth instead of side-to-side. When she was finally next to him, she quickly turned and began to rub her ass against his crotch in a blatantly sexual way.

He quickly took hold of her hips and began to grind back at her, oblivious to the stares of those around him. They continued to dry hump for almost a minute as the young people around them stared in shocked awe. Then Tina turned around to face him and jumped up wrapping her arms around his neck and splitting her legs wide open to catch his hips. His hands grasped the nylon clad buttocks and began to massage them while they tried to continue dancing. The problem with this stance was that Tina's hips were up around his waist leaving his crotch area exposed. The loose fitting slacks of his suit were unable to hide the growing desire of the snake inside them.

While the young guys nearby were snickering at his plight, more than a few young girls were staring in wonder at the growing length. Tina was still humping away while he deftly massaged her ass, her breathing deep and her eyes on fire. She leaned in and bit his earlobe as he tried to lower her down into contact with his turgid member. His desperation was evident but as the song ended, she quickly broke free and turned to a tough looking young kid in jeans and a T-shirt and grabbed his hand as she pushed his stunned date over to the horny teacher. 

Neither seemed to mind the switch as the young girl tried emulate Tina's moves by grabbing his hips and grinding into the bulge in his pants while she flung her long blonde hair back behind her. Mr. Howard quickly latched onto her and made little pretense of dancing as his hips met hers.

Meanwhile, Tina was running her hands up and down the muscular young stud she had just picked up while grinding away at him. He too showed little shyness as he grabbed her hips and then stared down into the unbuttoned black satin top. I was sure he had a perfect view of those tiny hillocks and the firm nubs that sat on top of them.

I felt someone bump into us rather forcefully and turned to find Linda and Eddie laughing as they too decided it was time to switch. Ione was more than pissed when Eddie grabbed her hand and then placed his other on her hip as they danced away. He started talking to her and it seemed his flattery was softening Ione's disposition as she forced a weak smile and resigned herself to at least one dance.

Linda smiled but was having a little trouble dancing in the form fitting red dress. While it wasn't completely tight around her legs, it didn't allow her the hip movement that Tina's dress did. Still, her small but perfectly formed breasts were nestled tightly with just enough cleavage visible to be very sexy. I danced a little closer to her.

"Was the switch your idea or his?" I questioned, my voice raised slightly so she could hear me. I couldn't help but smile at my beautiful teacher.

"Oh, it was his idea," she yelled back. "As long as it gets him horny enough for round two tonight, I don't care." Her raised voice caught the attention of a few kids dancing near us and you could see the shocked expression on their faces.

I couldn't stop my erection as I thought about her having sex with Eddie. Her gorgeous naked body writhing under him like it had when I fucked her. It wouldn't be the same for him. He was used to fucking her or making love, or whatever adults called it once they were married. But for me, it had been different. I had lusted after her the entire school year and then to finally fuck one of the hottest teachers in school was almost on the same taboo level as fucking my mom had been.

There was an extra charge that went through your prick with taboo sex. Like the public masturbation by Lori, it touched nerve endings that would otherwise be dormant. It was like all other parts of the brain stopped functioning except for the pleasure centers. Right now, my brain was telling me to grab this woman and Ione and find a place for the three of us to have sex.

However, I knew that Tina and Eddie were not going to let that happen tonight. Eddie might be a philanderer but no man could ever have enough sex with this gorgeous red-headed bombshell. As the song ended, Linda reached up to give me a quick kiss on the lips. We both looked over as Eddie tried to do the same, but Ione turned at the last second and the kiss ended up on her cheek before sliding down to the nape of her neck. I could see the chills run through her and in spite of her contempt for the man, he had triggered a small electrical charge that got her juices flowing.

I quickly went to her side as Eddie smiled and went back to Linda. Tina was on her way over to us having left her young stud alone on the dance floor. Mr. Howard and the blonde were nowhere to be seen. Mr. Young had left Mary when a young brunette had asked him to dance. I never understood male teachers insisting on being called mister; we still didn't know their first names.

"Joey, why don't you dance with Mrs. Kennedy. I'll stay with Ione and keep the wolves away." Tina was trying to make it sound like a request, but it was coming out as a demand. And she was the wolf I was most afraid of around Ione.

"It's Okay Joey. We'll be fine," Ione stated, kissing me softly and pushing me in Mary's direction.

I forced a smile in spite of my trepidation at leaving the two of them alone. But my smile became more genuine as I approached Mary and realized how beautiful and sexy this woman was compared to the young prick-teasers that surrounded her. This was the Mrs. Robinson type of woman that young girls should be afraid to leave around their boyfriends.

As fate would have it, the band went to a slow dance. I couldn't help but wonder if Tina had paid them to slow things down. She wasn't beyond orchestrating a sophisticated move like this.

"Would the classiest woman in this place honor me with this dance?" I asked sincerely.

"I would be honored to dance with such a handsome gentleman," she answered, quickly molding her body to mine.

She pulled me close, her soft, pillowy breasts pressing against my chest as she gently kissed me on the cheek. The soft pressure of her lips and the arousing essence of her perfume quickly completed the erection that Linda had started in me. She pulled me in tighter as she felt my tumescence against her soft tummy.

"Well, I didn't think I could still have that effect on a young man. I'm flattered."

"You have that effect on everyman. You just don't realize it because of the head games your husband played on you. You are a sexy, vivacious woman who deserves a man who can appreciate her."

"You wouldn't happen to know of any, would you?" she whispered as her hand came around to feel the hard protrusion between us. "God, I can't believe I used to babysit you as a child."

We were at the outside edge of the dance floor and I quickly led her away to a dark corner. She seemed a little flustered that I might try something right there in public where we could be caught. But there wasn't time to go anywhere else.

I backed her against a wall and slid my hand up under her short dress. I was surprised as I encountered the straps of her garter belt as my hand gently caressed the bare skin of her thigh. I had expected her to be wearing pantyhose because I didn't think her belly could be that flat on its own. Her breathing became labored but she didn't even try to resist. She needed this as much as she wanted it.

I kissed her as she unzipped my pants, my tongue working between her soft, red lips. As she wrapped her hand around my granite slab, I found her nylon panties and pushed, forcing the damp cloth between her dripping pussy lips. She lifted her dress with her free hand and positioned my cock where my hand had been, rubbing the engorged head against the hard little nubbin underneath the cloth.

I pushed my hips forward and she met my thrust, still keeping the cloth between our slippery skin. The nylon was soaked as she worked my cock against her clit. It added a special tingling sensation knowing that thin, wet cloth was the only thing keeping me from fucking this glamorous, mature woman. I was right on the edge when I felt her body tighten and her hand gripped my pole and held it in place. She broke our kiss so she could exhale a loud, throaty moan followed by a sharp intake of air. Her body was quivering and her hands trembling as the orgasm tore through body, engulfing her in feelings she hadn't experienced in months.

I could feel her goo as it flowed out through her panties and down my cock. I had never known a woman who to have this much cum, but then I was still a rookie when it came to sex. The fluid was warm as she smoothed it down my cock and I was tempted to let her finish jerking me off. I was that close.

But I let her bask in the orgasmic afterglow until the music stopped and then quickly suggested we both go to the restrooms to clean up. Even Chanel #5 couldn't mask the overpowering and sexually stimulating womanly smell of her goo. We kissed softly and then headed towards the lighted signs.

Fortunately I was alone in the men's room with my cock still hanging out of my pants. She hadn't bothered to tuck it back in which was probably just as well as the smell would have stayed on my briefs. I stroked my manhood once, feeling the sticky goo, and then brought my finger to my mouth. The aroma instantly sent a charge through my prick but when I tasted how sweet it was, I almost shot my load.

I had tasted several women in the last few weeks and though each was different, the flavors were very similar. That was not the case with Mary. Her cum was so sweet, it was like taking a spoonful of honey. I knew I would have to taste her again.

I washed off my cock and tucked him back in as best I could just as a couple guys were coming in to pee. I dried my hands and met Mary as I exited. I took her hand and led her back to the table wordlessly.

Most of the others were there waiting when we returned as the band announced that they were having problems with one of their amps and would be ending the night early. There were several "Awws" from the crowd but Tina got a smile on her face.

"Let's continue the party at my place. I've got plenty of space and booze."

Linda was standing with Eddie behind her not so subtly humping away. "I think we'll pass for tonight but you kids go have some fun."

I was hoping to use this for our exit, but Ione spoke up first, "We'd love to see your place!"

I turned to Mary and muttered, "Rescue me."

"I think that's a great idea. The night is way to young!" exclaimed Mary, no doubt hoping that we could take things a little farther.

It wasn't even midnight yet so the bar was going to be open for a couple more hours. Most of the kids were just standing in line to get more drinks, having no place else to go on a Saturday night. Yet here we were, exiting the bar to follow this sexy nymph of a teacher to what I expected to be another night of debauchery.

Once outside, Tina started jogging towards her car, her mini-skirt flopping up and revealing those tight little buns to our wanton eyes. This wasn't quite the weekend I had visualized, but there was no doubt now that it would be a memorable one.

I got into Ione's car still hoping she would change her mind and go back to her place. But she stared straight ahead at Tina's car like I wasn't even there. I guess I was jealous, but I knew, or thought I knew, what was coming next.

"You do know she's trying to seduce you, right?" I quizzed.

"I'm sorry Joey. I think I have to go through with this or I'll be questioning it my whole life. Please don't be jealous." Her look was pleading as she stared at me with those emerald green eyes.

"I am a little jealous, but I really have no right to be. I've already had sex with her. I haven't been faithful to you so I shouldn't expect you to be. Let's just see how it plays out."

She started following Tina's car and I noticed Mary pull in behind us to complete the convoy. I was kind of glad the other teachers weren't coming over. A small crowd would be more manageable and would probably allow things to progress faster.

I scooted over closer to her and placed my left hand on her thigh as she drove. Her legs were a little clammy from all the sweating and I could only imagine what her pussy was like after the sweat and stimulation it had received. It certainly wasn't going to be sweet. I slowly worked my hand up her thigh as she eagerly spread her legs in invitation.

Her outer lips were swollen and moisture was all around the opening. My middle finger slid in easily and brought a soft sigh as she leaned back in the seat trying to stay focused on the road. I pulled my slippery digit out and straight up to her clit and she moaned.

"Oh shit that feels good. Just be careful 'cause I don't wanna run off the road."

I circled around her clit trying to make as little contact as possible. Her breathing got deeper as this teasing seemed to turning her on as much as the direct contact had. I slipped my finger back in her tunnel and brought it back out with some fresh lube to tickle her clit. She was biting her lip now as she tried to keep her eyes on the road. I diddled her clit some more and she pushed back harder in her seat. When her eyes closed I went back down to her pussy and she quickly opened them again.

Tina pulled into her driveway and Ione breathed a sigh of relief as she pulled up to park by the curb. I removed my hand and sucked on my middle finger, the pungent taste causing my already stiff joint to stretch out just a little more. She smiled at me and rubbed the raised rod that had tented my pants.

"Poor boy, maybe just a little more teasing before the real fun starts."

"So I guess you're not nervous anymore?" I asked.

"No. I think your talented fingers were just what I needed for some extra courage. I'm horny enough to hump a washing machine right now." She laughed as she jumped out of the car and sprinted up to the front door with me just a few steps behind.

Mary had parked right behind us and walked up to the door so I waited there to hold the door open for her. She smiled at my chivalry and cupped my cheek before looking down to check out my crotch. Once inside, Tina took charge.

"Mary, there's a bathroom through that door where you can freshen up. You kids can use the one upstairs in my bedroom. I'll get some drinks." We were all off in different directions.

"Wait," Ione said as we got to the stairs. "I've got to take these boots off. They're killing me."

She sat down on the second step and held her leg out. I unzipped the shiny white boot on her right leg and worked it off. It took some wiggling but it came off as she raised her leg and pulled back. Of course this gave me an unobstructed view of her wide open pussy and did nothing to calm the pulsing blood that was flowing into my prick.

She set her foot on the first stair and I massaged her calf while keeping my focus on her moistening cunny lips. She moaned quietly as I worked the calf and down to her foot. I couldn't imagine what it must have been like to dance in those boots all night. I massaged back up to her calf and then her thigh but she caught onto my game.

"Oh no you don't mister. Not here. Get the other boot off so we can go wash up."

I unzipped the left boot and followed the same procedure to work it off her foot. Then I calmly massaged her calf and foot before working my way back up to her thigh. She lay back as I worked higher, her legs still splayed in invitation. Well, since I was invited, I leaned forward and kissed the outer lips of her pussy forcing her to emit a slightly louder moan than earlier. Her fingers slid through my hair as her hands gripped my head and held me in place.

I licked up the entire length of her pussy until I got to her clit. The musky scent was overwhelming as I sucked her clit between my lips and nibbled gently. In seconds, she shoved her hips up as her body stiffened, the climax rolling from her pussy to her brain in mere seconds. I felt her body quiver and shudder as the orgasm continued to tease her nerve endings.

Then she slapped me on the side of the head and brought me quickly to my senses.

"Geez, I thought I said not here. Get your ass upstairs now."

I went up to the bedroom and turned on the light and then just kind of stared. There was a large window facing the back yard with shiny red curtains. The furniture was all new and looked very expensive, including the large dresser and the make-up table (or whatever girls called it now) that had a very large mirror. The mirror faced the bed and I pictured her having sex and staring at herself as someone was pleasuring her.

The bed was huge – king size – and I would wager she seldom slept in it alone. There was a black bedspread on it and I went over to check it and found black satin sheets underneath. I was going to make certain that I got to try them tonight.

I heard Ione's footsteps on the stairs and quickly went into the bathroom and stripped my clothes off. My boner was at half staff but still pulsing with need. I grabbed a washcloth and started washing my face, arms, cock and ass. Basically I was trying to get the sticky, dried sweat off my body and any hint of sexual sweetness leftover from my little escapade with Mrs. Kennedy.

Ione walked in and gave a little wolf whistle as she appraised my goods. She walked up behind me and brought her arms up from my flat tummy to my firm chest, stopping to tweak my nipples as I had done to her earlier. Amazing how that sent a bolt of electricity straight to my cock. It jumped visibly and she slowly ran her hands back down across my stomach and into the hairy patch above my extended organ.

She stroked it a few times and then began kissing my neck and then down my back. She let go of cock and ran her fingers gently across my balls and down my thighs as her kisses trailed lower on my back. Her hands worked their way around to my ass and she began to massage it and spread my cheeks.

I leaned forward and spread my legs a little more, my nut sack now tightened against my crotch. She licked it, extending her tongue out as far as she could and the shivers went straight to my fully erect cock. She slowly slid her tongue back across that sensitive strip between cock and ass, stopping in the middle to give a soft kiss. I was starting to shake now in anticipation of where she was going next.

Her tongue ever so softly crossed over my asshole and up through to the top of my crack. Her hands gripped my hips as she began a retreat down the crack only this time when her tongue reached that tight bunghole, she bore down trying to force it inside. The pleasure was exquisite and I was tempted to grab my pole and jerk off into the sink.

She went back to my balls and then back to my puckered ass, repeating the procedure until I couldn't take it anymore and I turned around and grabbed her head, shoving my cock into her throat. She took over half of it deep into her throat and sucked like a vampire drinking blood. I pumped it in and out knowing I was right on the edge. She grabbed my hips again and pulled me forward until I felt my cock slip past the back of her mouth and down into her throat, causing every nerve ending in my body to explode as my seed shot forth violently.

Huge amounts of semen went straight to her stomach and then she pulled back slightly so she could catch the rest in her mouth, squeezing and sucking my cock like a milking machine. Gobs came forth and she swallowed them all, hungry to please me as I had just pleased her. As the pulsing slowed, she grabbed my cock and squeezed and stroked it again, coaxing more of the milky liquid into her mouth.

I finally let go of her head and grabbed the sides of the sink for support, my legs now shaky from the tremendous amount of fluid loss. She was looking up at me and smiling, happy that she had brought me such pleasure.

"Holy fuck that was fantastic," I gasped.

"Yeah, well just make sure you have some left for later. I think you're going to need it."

I felt my cock start to soften which it didn't usually do right away, but then Ione began to remove her clothes and a little charge kept him up as I watched that soft silk blouse rise up and bring her glorious tits into view. The areolas were swollen and her nipples were hard and elongated. I heard the zipper and looked down as she slid the skirt off, the musky smell of her trimmed pussy wafting up to excite my senses once again.

She grabbed a washcloth and I stepped back to watch as she slowly washed herself. She scrubbed her neck, then went slowly down to her breasts, gently running the cloth across her sensitive nipples and lingering there as she enjoyed the sensation. She looked into the mirror to watch me as I stroked my still hard cock while watching her.

Still smiling, she continued her downward descent, getting as much of the dried swear off her body as she could. She added some more soap as she got to her pussy and then turned and handed me the cloth. I worked it through the small patch of hair and then right between those succulent pussy lips as the low moan escaped her lips. I worked it back and forth through her slit and then between her legs and back to her bunghole. She grunted slightly as the cloth made contact and I remembered our previous shower ordeal. 

She took the cloth and rinsed it in hot water and then passed it back to me. I rinsed off her pussy and she turned around so I could do her ass. The hole was red and looked sore, giving me slight feelings of guilt for what I had done, but I placed the warm cloth against the brown bud and she sighed. I handed the cloth back to her and stood up. She kissed me and then rinsed it off again.

She bent over and slowly ran the cloth up and down over both legs, enjoying the show she was putting on for me. She patted herself dry and then quickly slipped the blouse and skirt on like nothing had happened.

"You better get dressed. You're going to look pretty silly walking downstairs naked in front of two teachers." She turned and went back to the bedroom.

I quickly pulled my clothes back on and went back to the bedroom to find her sitting in front of the mirror and applying make-up. She added a little pink lip gloss and then picked up a bottle of perfume from the table and placed a drop behind each ear and then up under her skirt. She paused and then added another drop around her navel before placing the bottle back.

I came up behind her and kissed her on the neck, the powerful aroma exciting me even more. My hands came around and cuddled her breasts while I softly kissed her neck. But she gently grabbed my hands and stood up, turning to face me.

"Come on Joey. It's showtime."

We got back downstairs as Tina sat on a loveseat with Mary and handed her a glass of white wine. Tina had a hungry and devilish look in her eye as they tapped glasses and sipped the cool liquid refreshment. There were two bottles of beer on the coffee table in front of the sofa so Ione and I each took one and sat down across from them.

"It's about time you kids got down here. I thought I was going to have to start this party without you."

"I didn't realize this was going to be a party," I lied. "I thought it was just going to be friends having a couple drinks." My smile told Tina I knew exactly what she had planned.

I gazed at the women across from me curious about the combinations that might occur this evening. Tina had her legs up under her on the loveseat, but with such a short skirt, her ass was in plain view, albeit covered in black pantyhose. All but two buttons were undone on her shimmering blouse and her right nipple was in clear view from this angle. Her heels were gone and her small delicate feet looked very sexy encased in the sheer black hose.

Mary looked refreshed and had obviously touched up her make-up as well. Though she still had plenty of cleavage exposed, the breasts seemed to be sagging slightly until I realized she had removed her bra. Her wide nipples were just beginning to push against the soft material of her dress. The bottom of her dress had ridden up slightly when she sat down, bringing the tops of her stockings into view as well as the straps on her garter belt. It looked very sexy but my eyes continued upward until I saw what looked like hair.

She must have removed her panties while cleaning up and given how wet they had been,that shouldn't have surprised me. She obviously didn't trim her pubic hair at all. A little twist and most of her hairy mound came into view. Ione began to rub my leg and I could tell she had the same views I did.

"I thought we could start out by playing a little game. Who can find the weed? You ask questions and I'll answer. Joey, you go first."

"Okay, is it in this room?" I asked.

"Yes," she nodded. "Next question."

"Is it in a piece of furniture?" I continued.

"Nope. Mary, it's your turn."

"Well, is it in a jar or vase of some kind?"

"Oh no. Way off. Ione, sweetie, it's your turn." Tina looked excited now as she sat upright and placed her feet on the floor.

"Hmm, it's in the room but not in furniture or a container. Is it on your body?" she smiled quizzically.

"Oops. Yes it is. Now you just have to figure out where."

Tina was absolutely glowing now as she stood up and Ione got up and walked over to her. With both girls in bare feet, Ione towered over Tina. She stood just inches away as she stared at her beautiful teacher, her cheeks turning red in embarrassment at having to undress this lovely little sprite with her eyes. Her fingers started to run through Tina's hair but quickly pulled away.

"Well, you're not wearing a wig so it's not in your hair."

She walked slowly around Tina getting ever so close. With her nose just millimeters from Tina's neck, she inhaled her perfume and her eyes closed, enchanted by the sweet scent. She was biting her lower lip like she had before when she had naughty thoughts. She came back around front, her fingers undoing the last two buttons and opening the front of her blouse just enough for her to see the tiny tits with their hard little nubbins.

"Well," she coughed, "nothing hiding in here. Everything is in plain sight."

As she kneeled in front of Tina, my cock started to throb again. She placed her hands on Tina's hips and smoothed them down the short skirt until she reached the pantyhose. She placed both hands on Tina's right leg and ran them slowly down the entire length, even caressing the tops of her feet. We could hear the bristling of Ione's fingernails as they softly raked over the nylon.

"Well, I didn't think this was going to be a police search," Tina smiled nervously, more than a little turned on by Ione's actions.

Ione just smiled up at Tina, her eyes obviously looking up underneath her skirt while doing it. She moved her hands to the top of Tina's left foot and then slowly ran them up her leg only this time she didn't let the skirt get in the way. Her hands continued up underneath the skirt until Mary gasped at the direction this search was going. Ione just smiled at her staying in total control of the situation.

"Tina, didn't you once tell me you had done gymnastics in high school?" Ione asked innocently.

"Well, yes darling but what does that have to do with the game?"

"Well, you should be able to do a handstand then. Or maybe a headstand if that's easier."

Tina barely hesitated as she placed her head on the floor and positioned her arms, kicking her legs straight up. The skirt came flopping down and her blouse toppled down now that all the buttons had been undone. Her ass looked perfect encased in the black nylon with no panties on underneath it. Mary seemed more enthralled by the tiny tits that were now totally exposed to her gaze.

Ione was still on her knees, her face just above Tina's crotch as she stared at the swollen pussy lips in front of her. Without being asked, Tina did a split, lowering her legs and opening her pussy even more. This time the gasp came from Ione. That gasp also seemed to break Tina's concentration and she started to lose her balance.

Tina quickly raised her legs again trying to regain her balance and Ione grasped her by the hips to make sure she didn't fall. Her mouth was now just inches from that mouthwatering pussy and her nostrils flared as she inhaled the womanly scent. Her eyes closed briefly but then her hands went back to work.

She started to slowly roll the pantyhose from Tina's hips while she held her up. We all watched intently as an inch of flesh was exposed. Then another inch and her navel was bare. Slowly she revealed slightly more flesh, my cock pounding at the tease. It was too late to stop now and Ione knew it.

She rolled another couple inches until the edge of Tina's dark pubic hair crept into view. Since Tina hadn't said anything, we could only assume that Ione was on the right trail to finding the weed. She rolled the pantyhose a couple more inches, still trying to hold Tina up as she was now having extreme difficulty focusing on her form. Plus she had been upside down for several minutes now.

That swollen, glowing red pussy was now in view and I moved closer to get a better view of the action. Mary moved over to my side to watch as well. I looked at Mary and cocked an eyebrow towards Tina's hips and Mary read my mind and moved into place on her other side. We each took a leg and continued to roll up the pantyhose while Ione focused on the juicy red meat in front of her. She was taking deep breaths now as the pussy slowly opened wide to her view, the glistening droplets of moisture evidence of her lustful need.

Losing our patience, Mary and I removed the hose completely and this allowed Tina to do another split her pussy opening wide with nothing to confine her movements anymore. A smile came over Ione's face as she leaned forward ever so slowly until her mouth was just an inch away from contact with that juicy morsel.

Tina was gasping and I wasn't sure if it was from the exercise or the erotic excitement of what was happening. She said nothing as there were no more clues needed. Mary and I watched in amazement as Ione kissed the lovely pubes and then stuck her tongue inside. Tina let out a deep, low moan at the contact and appeared to lose all her strength as Mary and I held her up.

As Ione began to slowly rise up, a small plastic bag between her lips was oozing out of the tight pussy. She met with some resistance until Tina relaxed her cunt muscles and the baggie popped out with several joints already rolled inside. Ione sat back with the bag in her mouth as she tried to suppress her shit-eating grin at having solved the mystery.

The baggie was wet with Tina's joy juice and Ione began to move it in and out like she did with my cock. She was sucking up all the fluid and apparently enjoying it very much. I grabbed Tina by the waist and then picked her up and flipped her around so she was upright. Her legs were wobbly and she reached for me to steady herself. When her hand glanced over my turgid member, she looked down to see the outcropping in my slacks. She blatantly placed her hand back on my tumescence and grabbed and stroked it while Mary looked on. Ione was still preoccupied with giving the bag of pot a blowjob.

With her blouse wide open and a skirt so short it no longer provided protection, Tina removed her clothes and plopped her nude body in Ione's lap. Ione gazed in admiration at the naked beauty before her, her hand naturally coming up to fondle the tiny breasts presented for her approval. She tweaked the nipples and smiled but said nothing. Tina leaned in and started a slow, sensual kiss and Ione returned the passion as she wrapped her arms around her.

From our vantage point, Tina's ass was now angled up in the air and beads of excitement were dripping from her pussy. I looked at Mary who was blushing bright red but couldn't take her eyes off the scene in front of her. I slipped my hand around Mary's waist and pulled her towards me. She looked at me totally confused about what we should do next. I kissed her deep and hard trying to get her attention off the girls and back on my needs.

She kissed me back, meeting my passion, then ran one hand up my chest while the other stroked the bulging member in my slacks. But she caught movement out of the corner of her eye and had to turn and watch the lovely ladies. Ione had leaned down to take a stiff nipple between her soft lips and was sucking it gently while making low guttural sounds. Tina was breathing deeply, having waited all year for her chance to bed my buxom friend.

I took Mary's hand and led her to the stairs, having her sit on the second stair. I sat down behind her on the third stair and we now had a side view of the sexy nymphs even though we were several feet farther away from them. As they started kissing again, I slipped my hands down the front of Mary's dress and massaged the mammoth globes beneath. The nipples were as wide as quarters and now elongating from my touch.

This was probably my first childhood sexual fantasy. At first it had just been about kissing her, but then I had become enamored by the soft, bulging cleavage that was always exposed and I would dream of what it would be like to lay my head on those soft pillows of flesh. Now many years later, I was getting a dream come true by actually caressing the gigantic melons. They were more than I had ever dreamed of as I softly rubbed the huge nipples between my thumb and forefinger.

Mary watched in awe as Tina stood up on the sofa and offered her dripping crack to Ione's waiting lips. As Ione sucked on an outer lip, Mary moaned softly and leaned back against me, her back now pushing on the encumbrance in my pants. She watched as Ione's tongue came out and lapped up the juices flowing from Tina's pussy. Mary placed her hands over mine and squeezed hard signaling her need for something not so gentle.

The effect of our little voyeuristic escapade now evident, I unzipped her dress and she numbly stood up and let it fall to her feet. While some sagging of her breasts was expected from this middle aged beauty, there was quite a bit less than I had expected. While there was no question you could hide a pencil beneath them, her boobs stood out firm and proud with the largest nipples I had ever seen, including in any of the girly mags I had viewed.

The garter belt didn't hide her flat tummy but her overgrown bush completely obscured her pussy lips. The pale white skin on her thighs led down to the sexy stockings which only enhanced her long, athletic legs. For a woman with so little self-esteem, she kept herself in fantastic shape.

Still standing on the stairs, she began to roll her back against my bulge as I roughly grabbed her ample flesh and tweaked the enormous nipples. She was breathing hard and was losing interest in the two women on the sofa as I nibbled her ear and the nape of her neck. She turned around quickly, her boobs ripped from my hands, and undid my belt and snap. I thought she would tear my slacks as she ripped down the zipper and pulled out my sticky cock. A large spot of goo had leaked through my briefs and the engorged purple head was now glistening with this same lubricious fluid.

She swirled her tongue around it capturing the salty liquid and relishing the taste. She took half the length in her mouth and sucked hard while her hand squeezed the base. I lay back on the stairs and watched as this lovely woman from my childhood fantasies gave me an experienced blowjob. There was a hunger in her as she voraciously attacked my rigid tool, milking me like a horse in heat. I no longer cared about losing Ione to Tina. I wanted to bed this woman and feed the hunger that had evidently been building in both of us over the years.

I regretfully removed my cock from her luscious lips and stepped out of my pants. I pulled down my briefs and pulled off my shirt, taking her hand and leading us upstairs to Tina's bedroom. I yanked the covers off the large bed before taking her in my arms and kissing her hard and passionate again. She seemed to want it rough so I was trying to change my style and get down and dirty with her.

I lifted one of her gigantic breasts and planted my lips over the enormous nipple. I sucked hard for a few seconds before biting down on it and she gripped my head and held it in place, thrilling at the ache it caused inside of her. My boner now straight up was sandwiched between our bodies and I began to shift my hips up, fucking her surprisingly taut belly. With all the juice escaping from that little eye, it felt liking fucking a juicy pussy. I turned to look at the mirror and she followed my gaze. She was stunning in nothing but the lacy, white garter belt and taupe nylon stockings.

She wanted more and started to reach for my cock, but I evaded her grasp and knelt down for my first close-up of her hairy bush. This was a pubic area that was rarely trimmed if ever at all. The hair was still damp so I knew she had washed it clean when she was in the bathroom removing her panties. I spread the hair until I could find her opening, that sweet aroma now wafting towards my nostrils.

My tongue found the opening and dipped in to taste that heavenly elixir concocted by her mature vagina. Again I thought of the sweetness of honey as it flowed over my tongue and into my mouth. I sucked and drank, ramming my tongue deep inside her bottomless tunnel. I brought my thumb up to find her clit and was not at all surprised to find it proportionately large. I pushed hard on the long nub and then flicked it back and forth while my tongue continued to slide in and out of her.

She grabbed my head forcing me to remove my hand to gain back my balance. She rammed my face with her hairy twat, my nose now taking over the job my thumb had had. As I licked and sucked the large opening, my nose was being crushed against her clit and I was afraid she might break my nose as her hips slammed into my head. She was moaning loudly now and her breathing was clearly labored as her orgasm approached. Until tonight, it had been months since she had gotten off, and now she wanted to make up for lost time.

I was intoxicated from the sugary substance emanating from her body but focused now on making sure she got a climax to remember for all time. I abandoned her elixir of love and moved my lips to her clit, sucking it and slapping it with my tongue in rapid movements. She was grunting now and obviously close, so I took her clit between my teeth and clamped down instead of gently nibbling.

Her body went rigid and her breathing stopped as the ripples of ecstasy coursed through her body. Every nerve ending quivering in delight producing a high that she had never experienced before. Her eyes were glazed over and her body still trembling, but as soon as she started breathing, I sucked her clit again and another orgasm ripped through her body. Her moans could probably be heard by the neighbors, but I was sure they were used to the noises that came from this house of pleasure.

Copious amounts of her sweet cum now dripped down her legs and I captured it with my fingers and rubbed it on my cock. As she collapsed on the bed, her body slid along the black satin sheets. She reveled in the feeling, her hands roaming across the silky smoothness.

I slipped a little myself on the soft sheets but climbed on top of her and began to fuck her loose hole. I moved the angry purple head back to her clit as I had done at the bar and used it to diddle her to another quick orgasm. Her heightened sensitivity was going to bring her dozens of orgasms tonight.

With her body now physically drained, I moved my cock to her soft taut belly and began to fuck it as I tried earlier. Our two bodies together could produce a tighter feeling than I had felt when fucking her pussy. I did this for about ten minutes while we kissed like teenage lovers. Tongues danced between lips as we sucked the excess saliva from each other. I could feel my cock starting that final swell that signified I could no longer hold back.

Mary sensed it as well and grabbed my hips and pulled me higher on her body until my cock was nestled firmly between those soft, generous melons of flesh. She squeezed them together as I humped, the exquisite feeling very similar to fucking a tight pussy. She pulled on my hips until my cock met her mouth and then let me fall back between her breasts. I slowed down until we got a rhythm going where I could slip between her lips on every third plunge. In a matter of minutes the roiling liquid exploded from my cock like lava from a volcano. The milky liquid shot up to her mouth and then her boobs, before I settled back down to fuck that creamy, fleshy tunnel she had created with her melons.

As we both calmed down, she seemed embarrassed by what we had just done and pushed me off her while she rolled to her side afraid to look at me.

"Are you okay?" I asked, with true concern in my voice. "That was fantastic."

"You're just a child. I shouldn't have done that," the guilt now obvious from her tone of voice.

"I'm a man. My age didn't seem to bother you at the bar," I said placing my still hard cock between the soft round cheeks of her ass.

She pushed back involuntarily and I reached around to wipe a tear from her face. I kissed her cheek softly, then her neck, shoulder and upper back. She tried to move her upper body away from my advances but it only served to present her lower body to me in an even greater invitation. I rubbed my cock along her slit and she moaned as she had before.

We were both dripping now and I slid in easily, her pussy tighter now with her legs closed. I started working it in and out and she met my rhythm, desire overpowering the guilt. I grabbed both hips and pulled her to me, her upper body now at a right angle to the action. I saw her hand come down as she reached for her clit and began to diddle herself. I was pumping her hard for several minutes when her body stiffened as that now familiar tingling orgasm overcame her.

I pulled her upper body back up and brought my hands up from her hips to fondle those large melons. I forced her onto her back and climbed on top of her. Her mammoth mams sagged off to her sides but those quarter sized nipples were still within reach and I leaned down and took one between my teeth, biting down hard this time. She grabbed my head and held it tightly, mashing it into her soft flesh. She was a physically strong woman and it seemed she liked her men the same way.

I pried her legs open and slid my granite cock into her crack. I worked it in and out of that little nest that hid her clit. She was moaning now and brought her legs up behind me to force my pulsing manhood inside her waiting pussy. There was no guilt now. She knew she needed this.

I started slamming into her hard and fast. My swollen prick was like the piston on a Rolls Royce as it plunged down hard placing just the right amount of pressure on her clit to build her orgasm slowly. I heard the footsteps behind me and knew we had an audience. It didn't matter now because Mary was too far gone to even notice. I reveled in the fact we were being watched. Lori had brought out the exhibitionist in me, not that I needed any more stimulation than I had been getting.

I continued to pound away at Mary and she kept forcing her hips up to meet my thrusts as her legs forced my hips down. I could hear Tina moaning in the background and could picture my gorgeous Ione as she fingered Tina to yet another orgasm. Tina let out a yell and now Mary also knew we had company. It was all the extra stimulation she needed as her moans got louder and louder.

I pounded down harder as I felt her body start that familiar quivering. The cum that had been drying on her chest was now mixing with her sweat and running down towards the calamity at our mid-sections. A few more vicious slams and she was screaming and using words I had never heard her use before.

"Oh God yes! Fuck me Joey. Fuck me as hard as you can. Oh, shit, yes, big ... fucking... cock! Ohhhhh!"

He body stiffened and her legs squeezed me tight. I still had an iron grip on her elongated nipple, biting it hard to increase her sensations and remove any doubt that our union was because she seduced me. My desire for this woman had begun when I was a child but now that I was a young man I no longer had to shy away from it.

Tina and Ione had joined us on the bed as Mary's breathing slowed to almost normal even though my petrified log was still inside her. I let go of her nipple and then kissed her gently, allowing her time to bask in the afterglow.

I heard the click of a lighter and looked to see Tina inhale deeply on the joint, but instead of holding it in, she grabbed Ione and exhaled the smoke into Ione's open mouth. Ione inhaled as much from surprise as anything else, but the burning sensation caused her to cough. Tina chuckled, smiling at her little angel.

"You'll get used to it sweetie. Everybody does." And Tina took another toke and passed it to Ione who was more prepared this time and inhaled deeply, holding the smoke in her lungs as long as she could. While the pungent odor was familiar to me, I had never tried it and had a little apprehension that I would probably cough even worse than Ione.

I pulled out of Mary's wet pussy and sat up next to her. She raised herself up a little and fluffed some pillows behind her. Her huge breasts swayed back to her torso and once again stood out proudly while the other women stared in awe at the size of the nipples.

Ione passed the joint to me and I tried to mimic their actions and inhaled, though not as deeply. Still I coughed, the redness of embarrassment quickly filling my cheeks. I tried again, slowly taking a drag and allowing the smoke to go down into my lungs as they adjusted to the slight burning sensation.

I passed it over to Mary, but she hesitated before folding to peer pressure and taking the stub between her lips and sucking it like a pro. Her nostrils flared as she took a deep drag and held it in. Guess this wasn't her first rodeo after all. One by one, we all started to exhale, the pungent fog filling the room. Tina handed it back to Mary who took another hit and passed it to me. I took a small hit as the joint continued to shrink.

Tina went over to her dresser and lit some incense, the cherry scent quickly masking the strong pot we had just exhaled. She also brought back a small roach clip and took the tiny stub so she could have another hit, not wanting to waste any. A quick hit from Ione and it was pretty much done. Most of us already had a pretty good buzz from the drinks at the bar, so the mellowing effect of the pot radiated through our bodies rapidly. Several minutes passed in complete silence as our bodies relaxed.

It now seemed perfectly natural to be sitting on this large bed with three naked women next to me and this giant slab of meat rising from my loins. At this moment, it didn't feel like it was attached to me so I reached down and stroked it sending those familiar tingles through the rest of my body. I laughed out loud and the three lovely ladies stared at me.

"I'm sorry," I chuckled. "I didn't think it was my prick. It looked so big that I thought it was floating away from me."

They all laughed and Tina wrapped her tiny hand around the base. Ione followed with her hand and Mary then wrapped hers around it, leaving just the mushroomed head visible. It looked like they were getting ready to choose up sides for a baseball game and my dick was the baseball bat. Ione obviously came to the same conclusion as she quickly slid her fingers over the swelling knob which made me moan softly.

"Okay," Ione said, "now you have to try to kick it out of my hand!" And she laughed loudly.

"Or we could just have another joint," I said bringing my hands down to protect my favorite 'bat'.

"The night is young so let's not get too wasted yet. I think we should all get to know each other a little better first," Tina smiled.

I watched as Tina quickly moved across my body and placed a soft kiss on Mary's lips. She kept her face just inches away after the kiss, looking for some sign from Mary that it was okay. It seemed very erotic as Mary cupped her cheek and kissed her back with passion, letting her tongue slip out and caress Tina's thin lips.

As Mary leaned back, Tina quickly kissed her again, her tongue now softly caressing those succulent lips. Her hand came down to massage a large breast while Mary started to return the kiss. Tina crawled over me until she was on the other side of Mary and then looked at Ione. Ione placed one leg between mine and one between Mary's as she leaned in to kiss the beautiful woman.

Then she leaned over and kissed me like she was trying to compare the difference between male and female kissing techniques. She kissed Mary again, deeper and longer this time before coming back to kiss me. Then she stared at me with those glossy eyes.

"I want to see you make love to Mary. We missed most of it but you looked so passionate together."

"I'll second that," Mary laughed. "I have never been fucked this good before in my life. Stupid husband should have left me years ago and we both would have been happier."

I smiled at both of them while Tina looked on almost expressionless. As Ione moved away, Mary slid down on the bed and I climbed over her to get into position. My cock was still glistening from her honeydew as I tickled her clit before easily sliding inside her again. I was going to lean down to kiss her, but Tina beat me to it and they were kissing passionately. I started to fuck her, my mind seeing everything in slow motion.

I felt a familiar hand on my ass as Ione began to work my crack while Mary's hands stayed on my hips, maintaining the slow, steady pace. Ione tickled my bunghole briefly sending a charge through my system but then continued down to caress my swollen balls. She was being gentle but when I felt her soft juicy lips kissing my ass cheeks, I knew where she was headed and froze with my ass stuck up in the air.

Mary seemed preoccupied with Tina anyway, so I waited and was soon rewarded with that extreme sensation of a soft tongue sliding over my puckered brown hole. She continued down to my balls, sucking each one before heading back up to ram her tongue in my ass again. I tried to open my hole but with my stiffened flesh at the edge of Mary's opening I just couldn't do it.

When I couldn't take it anymore, I pulled my cock from Mary's cunt and turned to pull Ione to me. Her flesh was soft and dry, a far cry from the sweaty bodies that Mary and I had created. I was at a right angle to Mary's body as I sat between her open legs. Ione was running her hand over Mary's stocking covered leg as she approached me.

As I kissed Ione I could feel Tina's hand stroke my cock while she worked her way down Mary's dripping body. Tina was licking up our combined sweat and when her head was inches from my body, she pulled my cock closer and swallowed half of it while her tongue swirled around the raging purple head.

"Oh my. What an interesting flavor." And Tina ran her tongue the length of my prick and back to the tip. "Damn that is sweet."

"If you think that was sweet, you are going to love the real thing," I laughed, twirling my body out of the way and flopping down on my back next to Mary. Ione had that quizzical look on her face that she sometimes got in class when she didn't understand a concept.

"Taste her Babe. You are going to love it," I said, knowing that I had already lost any chance of keeping Ione for myself.

She ducked her head down between Mary's legs and waited for Tina to look up. As soon as she did, her mouth covered that syrupy pussy and began to lap it up. Mary started moaning loudly again as Ione's tongue went to work. Tina shoved a pillow under Mary's ass, making it easier for both of them to attack her. Tina worked the stiffened clit while Ione started pistoning that pussy hole with her tongue. It took mere seconds for Mary's body to start quivering again, her hands now squeezing her own boobs for a lack of a better place to put them.

With Mary now satiated, Tina rose up and planted her moist pussy over my face and motioned to Ione to sit on the monolith rising up from my loins. I could smell the Shalimar she had been wearing earlier. She must have doused her legs and pussy with it in anticipation of the night's activities. My tongue snaked out and licked from her clit to her hairless bunghole, enjoying the pungent taste that was such a sharp contrast to the sweetness of Mary.

Ione followed instructions and I felt my cock suddenly engulfed in her tight pussy while I lapped at Tina's dripping cunt. As Tina rocked back and forth on my face, I could catch glimpses of Mary trying to move into position between the two lovely ladies riding atop me.

She started sucking Tina's small tits with the long nipples and then switched to Ione's larger boobs with the swollen areolas and stiff, but shorter nipples. I had to assume that she was continuing this because Tina now had her wet pussy smashed down on my face so my tongue could reach her clit. It was a stretch but one I couldn't hold when her body started to jerk from the approaching orgasm.

Mary took notice and moved her hand down to help out, her thumb mashing Tina's bud while my tongue buried itself as deep as it could inside that dark humid cavern. I could hear them kissing now, the unmistakable smacking of lips and soft, quiet sucking sounds when they weren't dueling tongues. Ione was squeezing her pussy hard in an effort to make me cum but with the distraction of Tina's pussy, I was able to control my movements.

Ione gave up trying and concentrated on her own satisfaction, slamming down hard on my pubic bone until the tingling started. Her hips stopped and her hands grabbed my hips and squeezed hard as the orgasm rippled through her body. Her strong cunt muscles were squeezing and releasing my cock as her breathing slowed. While her breathing was ragged she grabbed Tina and pulled her closer, Tina's satiated pussy finally giving me room to breathe. I watched Ione's arms as they closed around Tina's back, caressing every little inch as they slowly ran up and down, her nails lightly digging into the soft tan skin.

I had trouble feeling any emotion but giddy happiness as the high from the pot became stronger. Even as I watched Ione pull off me and lay down with Tina on top of her, there was no jealousy, just love and happiness. This was some good shit.

Mary was on my right side now, her head resting on my shoulder while those soft succulent boobs lay across my chest. She was giggling like a school girl instead of a middle-aged teacher.

"God, I can't believe all the fun I've missed out on these last twenty years. Oh, poor baby still has a hard-on," she giggled again.

She slid her right leg up over my crotch, a delightfully tingling sensation running through the family jewels as the soft nylon caressed them. She continued to raise her calf until it pinned my stiff rod flat against my belly. She then proceeded to slowly and agonizingly tease me as she rubbed her leg up and down the swollen joint causing it to ooze pre-cum in voluminous amounts. She looked up and kissed me as she kept up the teasing, the electric touch of the nylon bringing me back to the precipice I had been on earlier.

I had laughed when she first did it, partially from the tickling sensation but also from the silliness of it. I felt like a puppy humping a girl's leg. But the more I got into it, the more serious I got and the more I understood why dogs hump anything they can find. I started to raise my hips to increase the contact and she could sense I was getting close.

She rose up and shifted position so she was lying between my open legs. Her soft, tiny feet came up and captured my stiff joint and started to jerk me off. Again I couldn't believe the electric sensations coursing through my body as my lube dripped onto her stockings and created this exquisite tunnel of love. She was squeezing her feet together even harder now, the arches wrapping themselves around my cock like a glove.

I could feel the boiling lava start to build but then would giggle and calm down for a few seconds. Mary got a very determined look on her face as she squeezed even harder creating this exquisite pain in my hardened staff. The feeling generated by the diaphanous material was like nothing that I had ever felt before. My balls began to contract and I shifted my hips into high gear to get the full sensation of this foot-fuck.

"Oh, shit. Holy fuck!" My body was quivering out of control as the thick stream of boiling hot fluid ran up my pole and shot two feet into the air, with the first gob landing on my belly while the rest of the never-ending stream landed on those beautiful, glossy legs before running off onto the sheets. I was gasping for air while my hips continued to pump up and down trying to prolong the tingling sensations of my orgasm. As the last drops oozed out, Mary squeezed again and forced it to roll off my prick and down to her legs.

Once I caught my breath, I sat up, her feet still holding onto my hard prick. It wanted to soften but somehow the sensuous nylon material was keeping a magical spell on it, willing it to stay hard just a little longer. I could feel the tingling again as she continued to stroke me with her feet while I stared at the hairy pussy that was splayed open before me.

I reached down and spread my cum along the nylons, my fingers now feeling the soft material along with my gooey mess. She moved one foot down slightly to caress the balls again but it continued downward until she was forcing her big toe against my asshole. Again, the tingling increased in my groin from another new sensation that I had never felt before.

"No, I want to do your tits again," I pleaded. She giggled but moved up into position and laid those precious mams against my belly, easily capturing my stiff pole between them. My mind was fuzzy still, but nature took over and my hips started fucking those tits like it had done it a hundred times before. She squeezed her melons together even tighter and I could feel the vacuum she created as I stroked between them, my speed quickly building to a frenzy. In a matter of minutes, another load of cum was shooting out towards my chest, the musky odor masking the smell of pot.

Mary was giggling again as she started to ascend my body in cat-like movements. Her head bent down and sucked my cock, effectively cleaning all the cum off of it. But she didn't stop there. She licked my belly and then started to suck up the gobs of semen that had spilled out onto my stomach and chest. When she was done, she finished her ascent and kissed me deeply, stopping only when the giggling overtook her again.

"What's so funny," I laughed.

"I first sex I've had in six months and I end up giving an eighteen-year-old a footjob and you don't think that's funny?" she chuckled.

I laughed at the visualization because of the pot. Had I not been stoned, I don't think I would have found it amusing as the whole experience had been a profoundly mind-blowing experience. I turned to look at Ione and Tina but they weren't laughing. They were still making out and looked like two lovers who had been apart for years and needed to make up for lost time.

In spite of the pot, I felt a slight pang of jealousy and the sadness that comes with knowing that our relationship would never be the same, nor would it grow into the love I had hoped for. I had lost her to this tiny minx of a teacher. I had known I would probably lose her at the end of summer anyway, but had been hoping for a couple of months to try and change her mind.

Ah, to suffer the slings and arrows of an unrequited love at such a young age. I knew my resolve was strong and my sex drive didn't really care where the sex was coming from as long as I was getting a steady diet of it. I would have to see what the next chapter of my love-life would be like. I was sure of one thing. It would not be boring.

I dozed off with Mary on top of me, her pillowy breasts reminding me of my childhood and going to sleep clutching a teddy bear. Ah, the weird things we think about when stoned.

When I awoke, Mary was still on top of me, my morning wood sandwiched between our flat bellies. Mary stirred at the same time and looked up at me smiling. Then her lips curled slightly as her nose picked up the musky scent in the room. As she rolled off of me, I was acutely aware of a feeling of cotton in my mouth and a very sour taste left by the consumption of excessive amounts of beer.

Mary rolled off of me and we both headed to the bathroom. She took the toilet first while I checked in the closet for towels. While getting the towels, I was fortunate enough to find a half-full box of disposable toothbrushes. This only served to reaffirm my assumption that Tina had these wild flings on a regular basis. I grabbed two of the short-handled toothbrushes along with towels and washcloths.

Mary was flushing as I walked over to the sink, my erection still full and not ready to allow me to pee yet. I spent about two minutes brushing my teeth to get that cotton feeling out of my mouth and this allowed my prick to calm down enough for me to pee. As I turned around, Mary was staring at me, well more specifically the snake between my legs. She sighed lightly as I stepped over to the toilet. She continued to stare as the steady stream of yellow fluid drained from my body, sending a little shiver through me like a mild orgasm.

Mary finally brushed her teeth which gave me a chance to stare. Her large breasts hung down as she bent over the sink and her nipples sprang to life as they came in contact with the cold porcelain. While she had a woman's wide hips, her buns were tight and there seemed to be little excess fat. Women in their twenties would be envious of her body. Yet she chose to hide it while at school dressing in a very conservative manner. While she had made sure I was never in any of her classes, I had heard from friends that she was a stern teacher and didn't tolerate any joking around in her class. I knew it was a façade because she clearly loved teaching and being around young people.

While I had been admiring her, my morning wood had turned into a long hardened log and I walked up behind her as she spit out the last of the toothpaste. I ran the engorged head against her slit and felt her shiver as she grabbed the sink and squeezed.

"Can we take a shower first?" she asked, turning around to face me. The look on her face told me she wasn't used to any body odor.

In the shower we kissed, caressed, and fondled every portion of each other's bodies but never consummated the deal. We climbed out and toweled each other dry with a few well-placed kisses in between, but decided to stay in our aroused state and leave before the other girls woke up.

We stopped at a diner for a quick breakfast and were able to get one of the small booths. I think everyone thought we were a mother and son out for Sunday breakfast while we sat there playing a little grab-and-tickle. She spread her legs wide as I ran my hand up her left leg, the soft nylon creating chills in my body. But when they touched her bare thigh, it brought both of us to a new state of arousal.

She was trying to control her breathing and smile, all the while looking around the diner to see if anyone was watching us. I had to chuckle knowing what a turn-on this public sex was. Her first experience with it was last night in the club, but it was dark and no one could see us and she couldn't see anyone else. Today we were doing it in the full light of day and it was taking the arousal to a new level for her.

The waitress stopped at the booth next to us to fill coffee mugs and then over at us to see if Mary needed a refill. She just smiled and shook her head no, while I kept my hand perfectly still until the waitress turned away. Then I moved my hand up into her dense forest of pubic hair until I found that moist, slippery slit and pushed a finger quickly inside before she could protest. She coughed, a small piece of toast popping out of her mouth, and then glared at me.

I removed my finger and brought my hand back above the table to pick up a piece of bacon. I took a small bite and then licked my fingers to taste the juice from her honey pot.

"Hmm, honey and bacon. Sweet and salty. What a fantastic combination. I think I should try this more often. Would you like to try it?" I asked offering her my finger.

"I think it is time to go, young man." She clearly was not amused.

She plopped a ten on the table and started pushing me out. I took the hint and didn't make a fuss. Once outside, I apologized and she accepted it and smiled. I didn't try anything else as she drove, sitting quietly sucking her delicious nectar from my finger. She stopped by Ione's so I could sneak in the back door and get my gym bag with my dirty clothes and then dropped me at my house. She smiled but quickly drove off once I shut the car door. I think she was afraid my mom would see her.

I was a little nervous about going in the house because I didn't want to interrupt my parents if they were having their weekend sex marathon. It was late morning but I had known them to do it all day long so I felt my apprehension was warranted. Then I heard mom's voice singing softly in the backyard and walked up the driveway to see her.

"Hi mom. How's your weekend going?" I asked innocently.

"Hi sweetie. You're home early. Everything all right?" she asked as she hugged me and placed a soft kiss on my lips, lingering just long enough to send a message straight to my cock.

She was wearing a short white dress with a summer-like pattern of yellow and light blue flowers on it. It exposed about half her thighs when she was standing but much more when she was bent down in the garden. The top was low-cut and straight across revealing a lot of cleavage like most of her dresses. How could a mom be such a sex-kitten even when she was working in the garden?

"Oh honey, Kathy called looking for you. I told her I would have you call her when you got home."

"Thanks mom. I'll call her now."

She was back down on her knees in the dirt and it took all my willpower to turn and walk away. I went in and called Kathy and she invited me over to her place, which was a surprise given our recent talks. But she sounded cheerful enough so I told her I would be right over. I changed out of my dirty, smoky clothes and put on clean underwear and shorts and a tee shirt. I still didn't see dad so he was either resting or he took off to play golf which would be a rest after what she probably put him through yesterday.

I avoided mom and jogged over to Kathy's only slightly winded when I arrived. I hadn't even broken a sweat. I noticed the front door was open so I just rang the bell and opened the screen and walked in. I could hear Kathy's flip-flops approaching from the kitchen. She was wearing that translucent white bikini with her nipples stiff and poking out the material and was carrying two beers. I was about to say something about how beautiful she looked but she stopped me cold with an index finger placed hard on my lips.

"My parents have gone for the day. I broke up with Jack last night. Me, you, in my bedroom now!" And she turned and headed up the stairs.

I stood there flabbergasted. How could things change so much in two days? I lose Ione to Tina, she breaks up with Jack, and now she wants to be more than friends even knowing that we're really brother and sister. I quickly locked the door and took the stairs two at a time getting to her bedroom just as she set the beers down on her night stand. I was more out of breath now than when I had run over here.

As she turned around I placed a hand around her waist and pulled her to me, my other hand coming up to caress her cheek as kissed passionately. Her hands were up under the back of my shirt as she returned the feverish kiss, her sharp claws softly scraping the delicate skin and sending those shivers up and down my spine. With the aroused state that Mary had left me in, I would have to be careful not to have a repeat of that night I took her virginity.

I broke the kiss and looked straight into those beautiful blue eyes. "Believe me when I say there is nothing I want more, but I need to know what changed your mind before we do this again. A couple days ago you were saying this could never be and that we would just be friends. So what gives?"

"I missed you," she said with a tear flowing out of one eye. "Jack is a nice guy, but he's too nice. And he's too shy to try anything. And when I try to talk to him about anything on a personal level, he just doesn't get it. He doesn't understand me like you do. He can't console me when I need it. He can't even cheer me up when I'm down. He's just...not you." And the tears began to flow, dripping down and making wet spots on her white bikini top.

I hugged her to me, my arms wrapped tightly around her back until I thought I would squish her. She hugged me back with equal fervor as the tears continued. We stood together like that for at least five minutes until I could feel her sobbing abate. My shirt was soaked but it felt so right to hold her in my arms. I kissed her cheek, and then her forehead as we separated. I reached over to the night stand and grabbed three tissues out of the box for her.

She blew her nose for a couple minutes, needing a few more tissues to clean it all up. She smiled up at me with reddened eyes and I knew we were going to be okay.

"Not really the sexy look I wanted to give you," she laughed. "Here I am trying to beat out all the competition from the gorgeous women that have suddenly come into your life and I'm crying like a baby. I can compete with Ione but I'm not a mature, experienced woman like Mrs. Taylor."

"How did you know about Mrs. Taylor?" I asked, concerned that our secret was out and she could get into trouble.

"I've known you all my life Joey. Did you think I couldn't tell when you were acting strange a few weeks ago? I followed you one day and saw you kissing her. Grading papers on a weekend? Your mom may have bought that line, but I certainly knew you better."

I sat on the bed next to her and wrapped my arm around her again, pulling her close. I kissed her cheek and nibbled her earlobe which got her laughing.

"You don't have to compete with anyone," I told her. "You've always been my number one and always will be. Even Ione realized it before I did. But there's something else we should discuss before you decide to take this to the next level."

"You don't love me anymore," she pouted.

"No, I love you more each day, but I have a physical condition that seems to be related to my mom's. I get sexually aroused constantly and sometimes at inopportune times. I can't always control it."

"What's that got to do with your mom?"

"My mom suffers from spontaneous sexual arousal. At first they thought it was psychological, all in her head, like a nymphomaniac. But now they think it's a physical problem with her brain and nerve endings and there's no known cure. She can have twenty orgasms a day. When I have an orgasm, I usually stay hard and can have multiple orgasms several times a day."

"I'm not sure that's a problem," she chuckled. "It sounds pretty much like an ideal situation to me."

"The problem is now that I've had sex with multiple partners, I'm not sure I can stop and go back to masturbating in between making love to you. I'm willing to try it if it means we can be together again."

She kissed me softly, then a little harder as her tongue worked its way between my hungry lips. Her hand rubbed the lump in my shorts.

"I've listened to the stories my parents have told about their sexual escapades so I've become pretty liberal in that respect. I won't be jealous as long as it's just sexual and you don't ignore my needs. But don't sneak around or lie to me about it."

I nodded in agreement and reached up and untied her bikini top letting it fall forward exposing her perfectly shaped breasts. The swollen areolas and the stiff nips were proof her desire had not waned. God she was beautiful! I kissed her again, my left hand coming up to softly massage her right breast while my thumb made sure the nipple stayed hard.

She leaned back onto the bed to get comfortable and I quickly removed my shirt and lay down next to her, my hand back on the soft round hillock of her breast. We lay there kissing and exploring each other for almost an hour, occasionally taking a break to just stare into each other's eyes. Our love affair had been a lifetime in the making, so there was no reason to rush it today.

I bent down and took the hard nipple between my lips, sucking it and whipping it with my tongue. She moaned and her hands came up to hold my head like I was baby suckling his mama. I could feel the warmth of her love as she held me but I was ready to take this to the next level. I moved a hand down across the soft, taut skin of her belly and felt her body quiver at the touch.

While my teeth gently nibbled her rubbery nipple, I moved my hand lower and inside her bikini bottoms. Encountering the soft, downy fuzz of her trimmed pussy sent a charge through my aching cock. Her body stiffened slightly as my finger slid slowly through her moist crack, her long fingernails now digging into my neck and upper back where she held me to her breast.

My middle finger explored her juicy opening, easily sliding deep inside her. My thumb found her clit and rubbed it gently bringing loud moans and rising hips. I released her breast and moved back up to kiss her as my passion continued to grow. Her breathing started to quicken until she could no longer hold our kiss, her head tilting back while her hips rose to meet the pressure of my thumb.

I started to whip my thumb back and forth over her clit until her legs clamped around my hand and her voice screamed out, "Yessss! Yes, yes, yes." She was panting now, trying to recapture her breath as the sublime ecstasy rolled through her body.

We kissed again, first hard and passionate, then softer and more lovingly. I had thought I felt love for Ione these last couple weeks, but it was nothing compared to what I was feeling now. Years of talking to each other about our deepest secrets, the make-out sessions, and my sloppy job of taking her virginity, all flashed before me now as I realized I was ready for my next step in manhood.

I removed my hand from her crotch and stood to remove my shorts. Even though she was still short of breath, Kathy started laughing while looking straight at my crotch. I looked down to see this giant wet spot on my shorts. I had leaked so much it looked like I pissed my pants. Plus my hard-on was pushing out the front of my shorts in an obscene way.

I had to chuckle too as I quickly pulled them down and off, throwing them into the pile with my shirt. Kathy daintily removed her bottoms and added them to the pile. She held this pose, on her side facing me with one leg bent up and her pussy gaping open. Her right hand was still in the air after tossing her bottoms, but it then slowly came down to grip my cock, spreading the copious amount of lubrication the length of my shaft.

When she leaned forward and took the raging purple head in her mouth, I thought I would blow my load right there. Her soft lips encompassed my girth while that sweet tongue swirled around the swollen head. She sucked softly but there was very little movement of her lips just that tantalizing swirl of her tongue. When her hand got in on the action and started to slide up and down, I knew it was too late to stop.

"It's okay Joey. I want you to cum for me. Please..."

Visions of last night with Ione, Mary and Tina briefly flashed through my mind but quickly vanished as Kathy's mouth once again closed over my joystick. She sucked gently again and started swirling her tongue around while her hand jerked me off. Looking down to watch this vision of beauty suck my long hard cock was too much as my hands came up to hold her head still. I held my cock in place with just the engorged purple monster inside her as the final swelling began and my joy juice boiled up the chute and exploded into her waiting mouth.

Streams of cum shot forth and Kathy swallowed every bit of it. My body was shaking and my knees were weak as the creamy fluid continued to drain from my body. Kathy was like a vampire now, swallowing and sucking to make sure she got every precious drop of the murky goo. She kept sucking even when there was nothing left to swallow, my cock showing no sign of wilting.

"Umm, you're still hard. Shouldn't it be getting soft for a while?"

"Well, that's another problem that happens with my constant arousal. I don't always go soft right away."

"Okay. I'm not sure I would classify that as a problem though." She started to lean back on the bed and spread her legs.

"No, wait. I think you should control the penetration this time."

And I pulled her beautiful naked body up off the bed and I sat down of the edge. She understood right away and straddled my thighs, softly nestling her pussy against my tumid member. Her knees rested on the bed while her wet opening stayed poised just touching swollen rod that was waiting for her. Her moist outer lips softly engulfed the purple head until she felt safe to lower herself more. As her pussy sucked my cock inside her, she squeezed her vaginal muscles as if testing my firmness. She slowly sank down until our pubic bones met, our eyes locked on each other while our bodies tingled with excitement.

"Well, big brother, this feels...fantastic."

Another charge went through my prick when she called me 'big brother' and she could feel the extra swelling, her eyes closing as she wrapped her arms around me. My face was now buried in the soft pillows of her perfect breasts and I nuzzled them while she held me.

She leaned back slightly as she started to rise up and I was able to capture one of those swollen boobs. I bit the nipple gently as she lowered back down, feeling her shiver as I filled her pussy again. She continued this agonizingly slow fuck for several minutes as her cunt adjusted to the size of my cock.

Our combined juices now flooding her pussy, she started to speed up our union and my hips rose up to meet her downward thrusts. She was subtly adjusting her position to make sure her clit made contact and her breathing was getting quicker as her nostrils flared trying to get as much air as possible. She found that perfect angle and began slamming down hard on me as another orgasm approached.

I held her hips and continued to thrust upward, going deep inside her and reveling in feeling of her tight twat. The other girls (and women) I had fucked had all been experienced and were easily able to take my girth and length, but Kathy's young pussy was still as tight as it had been that first night when I couldn't control my reaction.

I was having trouble controlling my anxious cock again as I felt that extra swelling that precedes an orgasm. But Kathy was very close and I was determined to hold out and not let her down this time. I moved my hands from her hips to her back and lightly scratched as I ran them up her back. I could feel her quiver at my touch and she slammed down hard one last time and held me tight as her body convulsed. Her pussy started milking me and I let loose a stream of cum that splashed against her cervix over and over.

A warmth engulfed us both as the tingling continued for several minutes. We held each other tight enjoying every second of the ecstasy, never wanting this feeling to end. I stayed hard inside her, our combined juices starting to ooze out as our bodies finally began to relax.

"That...was...fucking fantastic!" she squealed in between gasps. "I have never felt anything like that before. That feeling as your cock expanded just before we came...was sensational. Is it always like this?"

"No, at least not for me. This was special. I've waited all my life to please you like this. The orgasm itself is always great but it is so much better when it's with someone you really care for. That's one thing I've learned from all my escapades these last few weeks."

"I wasn't sure," she continued. "After listening to Lori this past year, I was beginning to think sex wasn't all that great."

"You talk to Lori about sex?" I asked nervously.

"Yeah, she's pretty open about it. She said that jock boyfriend of hers doesn't really do it for her but he spends money on her. But she also said she likes to try some kinky stuff, so maybe he doesn't like to play along. I don't know. I know this was great and I want to do it again and again."

She started rocking gently with my staff still buried deep inside her. I brought my thumb to her clit and started rubbing it, soft at first and then harder. She clutched my head to her breast and I sucked on the hard nipple in front of me. Within a minute she was quivering again, squeezing my prick as she tried to milk it some more. She was sweating profusely now, the salty fluid rolling down her skin and I gratefully licked it off.


"Jesus, really! How did you learn this stuff? I didn't even know I could cum that quick."

"I guess you could say I've had some good, umm, teachers," I smiled.

"Oh shit. There have been rumors going around that some teachers have been having sex with students. Did you screw a teacher?" And she jumped off me leaving my pole bobbing in the air.

She looked hurt as well as surprised. I didn't know if she thought it was sick or wrong to have sex with a teacher, or if she was disappointed in me.

"Look, we were just two lonely, horny people and it sort of just happened. It seemed very right at the time and then things just snow-balled from there. But I'm glad it happened. No one got hurt."

"Yeah, as long as no one finds out. They could expel you and then you wouldn't get into college. And the teacher could lose her job."

"Uh, teachers, but we discussed all that and we thought it was worth the risk. Besides we were very discreet."

"If you were so discreet, then how did I hear rumors? And are you going to see her, or them, again?"

"I don't know how you heard rumors. Guys are always talking about scoring with girls when they don't. It could have been something one of the guys made up."

"You didn't answer the second question."

"That's because I don't know the answer. If it bothers you, I won't see her again. Besides, her husband is home now so she'll probably be busy."

"Mrs. Taylor? You fucked Mrs. Taylor? Ha, ha, ha. I thought it was that bitch Ms. Raphael. Now I don't feel so bad. I actually like Mrs. Taylor and I could see how you might not be able to resist her."

She came back and sat down in my lap, but our conversation had been the one thing that could finally deflate me when I was around a naked woman. She kissed me softly and then smiled at me.

"I guess it really doesn't matter right now. We're young and should do our experimenting now or we won't know what we want later in life. I'm sorry if I came across as prudish. I guess I just didn't know you had it in you."

She smiled again at the double meaning and pushed me back on the bed, kissing me deeply and running her hands up my chest. Her little blonde hairs were tickling staff and the monster had reawakened, forcing itself between her legs.

"Oh no you don't. I'm sore enough already. I have something else in mind. Why don't you tell me what happened that night while I clean some of the crud off your flagpole."

And she started kissing her way down my body until she was off the bed and on her knees. I sat back up, not sure where I should start. Kathy's lips and tongue slid the length of my rigid tool and back up again. Then she took the head between her lips as she had earlier and started sucking lightly while she twirled her tongue around it. The feeling was just as stimulating as it had been earlier.

"Well, she asked me to help her grade papers after school and when I got to her room, she shut the door and took off her jacket. I could see her lacy bra through the thin white blouse."

Kathy took over half of me into her mouth then, totally surprising me because I thought this blow job would be just like the first one. She was full of surprises.

"Uh, then she pulled her gorgeous red hair out of that bun sat down next to me. I could smell her perfume and my cock was as hard as it is now."

Kathy was working me up and down now, going a little deeper each time. Her breathing was ragged but she really seemed to be enjoying the story.

"She, uh, leaned over to show me something and her breast was against my arm and it was so soft, except that I thought I could feel her nipple harden. I told myself that she wanted me as much as I wanted her. And when I turned to look at her, those glossy, red lips were only inches away and I wanted to kiss her so bad but I didn't."

Kathy had almost my entire length in her mouth as I felt my swollen purple head bang against the back of her throat. I was breathing just as hard as Kathy now, my own retelling of the story rekindling the fire that had raged inside of me that week. Kathy gave one last shove and I felt this incredible tingling as my engorged knob went down her throat. She held it a few seconds and then started to gag and had to release it to breathe.

"Shit that thing is big," she laughed. "But don't stop, the story is really turning me on again."

Then she hopped back in my lap again and took hold of my stiffened slab of meat and eased herself down on it again. She winced slightly but did some short up and down movements that got our juices lubing things up again and she was fine. She pushed me back down and then started kissing and licking my chest while I continued.

"Well, after that close encounter, she went back to the blackboard while I finished the papers. Then she offered me a ride home. In the car, her dress rode up her legs and she has this beautiful white skin. Kind of like you before you got sunburned," I laughed. "I had to keep my books in my lap the whole way so she wouldn't see my, um, arousal."

Kathy was working her hips now, setting a tempo that was right for her. I was trying to concentrate on the story while trying to match her movements. We were both dripping in sweat again and the smell of sex filled the air.

"That was it for that day but she asked me to help her again on Friday. When I got to her room, she asked if we could do it, the papers that is, at her house. I quickly agreed and then I had to stare at her gorgeous legs again all the way to her place. She got us some beers when we got there and then we graded papers for a while and talked. And God this feels fantastic Kathy! Anyway, she was looking stressed and I offered to massage her neck and then one thing led to another."

We were humping at a feverish pace now. Our wet bodies were slapping together and spraying sweat all over the bed. I could feel her grind her clit into my pelvic bone as my cock snaked its way deep into her pussy. We were moments away.

"So when I kissed her, I thought I would cum in my pants because she started rubbing my hard-on. And it was such a passionate kiss, uh, um, oh shit Kathy."

"Oh yes, Joey. Fuck me. Fuck me. Damn!"

And her body slammed down hard one last time and froze with my cock completely buried inside her as I started blasting another load of boiling cum against her cervix. I thought I would be drained by now, but spurt after spurt shot out of me, my nerves quivering like a frightened child's. I hadn't even noticed Kathy's nails had been digging into my chest when her body stiffened. I could feel her toes curl on my legs and this too sent chills through my body. This was what I had wanted our first time to be like and not the bumbled mess I had turned it into.

She gently lifted herself off me and collapsed on the bed next to me. She reached down to her sore pussy and touched it gingerly, and then raised her hand back up with gobs of cum stuck to her fingers. She looked at me and giggled as she placed the fingers in her mouth and sucked them dry.

"So tell me Joey. Did you fuck her that night?" She was smiling now and didn't seem the least bit jealous.

"Eventually. We had pizza first and then her husband called from overseas just as we were getting hot and heavy. But she could tell he was with another woman so I think to her that justified what she wanted to do with me."

"So were you all macho and took charge?"

"Hell no. I was scared but she took charge of things and we had a great night. And a few more great nights after that. She really taught me a lot."

"I could tell. You were wonderful. But I have to confess now. I had been saving myself for you but when I found out you were my half-brother, I didn't think it was right. But I couldn't be around you without having those feelings so I pushed you away. I'm sorry if I hurt you."

"Actually I think it worked out pretty well. I got a lot of experience, had some fun and grew up in a matter of weeks. And I realized that even though I had feelings for other girls, they couldn't match how I felt about you. I'm just not sure what happens from here."

"Well for now, I think we should shower and then you should go home before your mom starts to worry about you. And then maybe you can take me on dates like you did Ione. As for sex with other people, I would prefer you keep your circle small and be careful. I don't want any diseases."

We hopped into the shower and cleaned each other off. She was pretty sore and tired out so she didn't let me get too frisky. When we toweled off, we sat down naked on the bed again. I lay there admiring her perfect body and old reliable reared his swollen head again.

"God damn your mother was right. You're just like her." The stunned look on my face made her laugh. "Don't worry. She explained her problem and what she thinks is your problem. And if she needs help from you to get relief, I guess I don't have a problem with it. In fact, it's so uber kinky I wouldn't mind watching some time. She is so beautiful."

"Hmm, making love to my two favorite people at the same time would be uber kinky," I said stroking my rod as it stood straight up.

"Damn, it is always hard. You, uh, want me to do something again?"

"No, it's okay. He'll calm down once I'm home alone."

"You sure? You're still stroking it and it is kind of sexy watching you do it."

"Let's save that for another time. Maybe I can tell you another story while we do it. Right now I think we're both a little tired and could use some rest."

"Well, it's early. We could rest here."

And she curled herself on my chest with her soft thigh gently forcing my stiffened manhood flat against my belly. I folded my arms around her and we fell into a blissful sleep.

**************************************************

It was a long, hot summer and I kept my promise of keeping my circle of fuck friends small. Linda Taylor called me a few times when Eddie was out of town but Tina Raphael quit her job and got one in the town where Ione was going to school. I guess they really were in love. Mary Kennedy was finally able to go out and find a nice guy she was compatible with and was engaged when I left for college.

Mr. Howard and Mr. Young finally got themselves in trouble when they double-teamed one of their students and were fired. Last I heard they had joined a commune in California.

Lori married her rich kid QB and got the wealth she always craved. But he still didn't get any better in bed. During one of my story-telling sessions, I told Kathy about my relationship with Lori so now we're all best friends and have 3-way masturbation sessions. Sometimes even in public.

And dad was fine with mom and I having sex occasionally as long as it didn't cut into his time with her. I think my libido came from a perfect storm of genes I received from both him and mom.

Life is good. Really, really good.

**********************************

PS - While I relaize this story doesn't really fit totally with the First Time, it is the culmination of a series of events around Joey's first journey into sex.

