The Best Gift Ever Ch. 01
byKatiekatsman©

This is a continuation of the 'A Tennessee Education' and picks up immediately after its conclusion. Characters in this novel builds on the characters of the previous on and for that reason some content will not make complete sense without reading the earlier book. The theme of this work is about female dominance, femdom, a wife-led-marriage, and male submission/slavery. If this is not a relational style you enjoy I encourage you to look elsewhere for a good read. There are hundreds of choices on this site. I hope you enjoy the read.

*****

Bobby's eyes fell on the black leather suitcase lying on Mistress Sharon's bed when he pushed the door ajar and walked in. He realized she must have assumed things would go according to her plan. He grinned sadly at the thought of her premeditated outcome and how he had fit - or rather how he no longer fit - into it. The suitcase still had the price tag wrapped around the handle. Tearing it free he unzipped the top and tossed the lid open. Quickly pulling a chunk of hangers from the far corner of the walk-in closet; the small amount of space she allotted for his meager clothes, he tossed the small pile onto the bed. As he separated the few slacks and shirts he owned from their hangers he looked around the room. It held so many memories. So many hard memories and yet they were somehow recollections he came to view as being home and feeling normal; at least for him.

Looking to the far side of the bed his gaze fell onto the eye-bolts anchored in both the floor and ceiling and he was seized with emotion. He thought back to the year that had been his life. He was no longer the same man that left the small town of Randolph seeking fame and fortune when he got his first gig as an educational consultant at a failing city school system. Mariko had seen to that. Actually Mariko and his obnoxious attitude toward her and his co-worker had seen to that. Shaking his head and wiping a tear from his cheek he breathed deeply and exhaled audibly.

"Get a hold of yourself Bobby," he said to no one in particular. "This place is no longer your home. Get over it! It's time to move on."

Yet the thought of his transition from an independent normal country guy to that of a dependent slave having no power, no worth and no promise of anything other than painful service to a mistress was one he sometimes felt incapable of fully wrapping his brain around. Never in his life did he ever think, dream or desire he'd be forced to live under the watchful eye of a woman. Never in his wildest dreams would he have ever imagined he or anyone else living in a free society might desire the life that became his reality. Mistress Sharon had revolutionized his worldview. She, with the help of her mentor Mariko saw in him what he had never seen in himself. He was a natural; a born slave; a man who thrived living in obedience to a strong woman. What Mistress had done to him and what he permitted her to do could never be fully comprehended.

How was it that he came to crave being publically embarrassed, humiliated, forced to endure beatings, unsanitary living conditions, and even being reduced to living as an animal and then have a mindset that viewed all of those horrific treatments as acceptable? Why had ne never gone to the authorities? Why had he not only endured all she did to break him but desire it? Of course Bobby knew the answers to these questions. It took him several months to fully understand but he now knew why. The answer of course was simple enough. He found security and self-worth in his dependent state. He loved being known as a man who was the property of a strong and confident woman. How many men could say that? Almost none, he was certain. Bobby didn't want to be like mainstream society; at least not any more. He relished being different, not just to be different in and amongst itself but because the difference in his life had at its basis a higher calling. Matriarchy was not a figment of society's imagination. Not any more. It was an up and coming trend and was one he knew would someday replace the barbaric qualities of patriarchy that left a trail of death, violence, abuse and female debasement in every culture in which it thrived.

Mariko was one such force of change in that realm. She along with thousands of others like her was changing the hearts and minds of women in their respective circles of influence and those circles were growing concentrically larger with each passing year. Mariko changed women and in the process forced changes in the men with whom those women interacted. Often, as in Bobby's case, change did not come easily. Results were only seen by initially oppressing, restricting, debasing, and controlling a man akin to how military boot-camps handled new recruits. Following the mantra of breaking them down before remaking them into men of their liking they altered a man's psyche one individual at a time. In Bobby's case his mistress left off the latter part of that adage. She broke him and then severed their relationship while he was still in his broken state. But from his perspective, being broken wasn't such a bad thing because in the process he was able to serve. He was able to dote, admire, cater, please, and be known as hers! What more could he ever want in life?

His cage bumped into the wooden frame of the bed making him laugh. Not only had his outlook on life done a complete one-eighty but so did the performance of his cock. He had been locked in this thing for months now. How long had he been out? Two days, maybe a week at the most?" The cage had served as one of her key compliance-motivators to keep his sexual energy channeled toward her needs. And her methods worked. He loved pleasing Mistress. He ached to serve and for the past eight months or so did anything and everything to make her life more content - both in and out of the bedroom. Yet as good as his tongue was and even though he must have provided her with hundreds of orgasms, many so mind-blowing that it took her several minutes to recover, it wasn't enough.

Today she had ended it all with one swift snap of the bolt cutters. Why she had done this, he could only guess. But the pain he felt when he realized she no longer wanted him was almost unbearable. He hated her for what she did. She left him speechless, numb and dumbfounded. Looking down at the two chunks of steel in his hand and staring numbly at them tears of sorrow cascaded down his cheeks and onto the cut steel. Slowly he pulled himself together and when he had regained his composure he tossed the broken collar halves into his bag. Just then Deb popped her head in the room.

"Hey, what are you doing?" she asked.

He didn't turn around. His eyes were too bloodshot and he knew he looked pathetic. "Packing," he muttered. "Sharon must have known I'd need a bag because this was on the bed when I came upstairs." He nodded toward the suitcase still keeping his back to the soft voice behind him.

"Leave it. Just toss a few things in here and let's get going." She threw a small day pack in his direction. It landed in the center of the open leather bag on the bed.

"Yes Mistress," he said automatically, slowly turning to look her way.

Debra beamed. "I'm not use to hearing that. Those words," she added, "but they sound really nice." It was then when she saw the distressed look on his face. "What's wrong? You OK?"

"I'll be fine. I'm just trying to process all that's happened in the past hour. That's all."

She gave him a hug and rested her head against his chest. "I know this must be tough. I can't imagine how much she must have hurt you and I'm sorry. It wasn't any of your doing. She wanted to move in another direction and that meant you had to go. You need to understand that."

"I guess so. But it still hurts."

She squeezed him tightly and then broke free and grasped both arms. She looked directly up into his blue eyes. "It's time to move on - to move on with me."

He smiled a forced smile. It was just so hard to make his mind move from one woman to another in a matter of minutes. It hurt so bad to lose Mistress Sharon. Maybe the pain felt so strong because he had invested so much of his life to please her. He was the one that had obeyed, who endured nights strung up in the basement or cabled to the ceiling eyebolt or anchored to the floor by the neck. He was the one who lived every night for months at a time in a cage made for a large dog. He was the one that cleaned, fixed, organized and managed her home. He was the one that licked the pussy of any woman whose legs she told him to kneel between. He did it all and he did it all with pride because he knew he belonged to her. He was hers for God's sake! All she did was reap the rewards and benefits of his efforts. To say he wasn't good enough for all of that effort is what the broken collar represented and that's what burned at his soul so intensely. He simply didn't make the grade, make the cut or measure up to whatever standard she sought. He was a nobody with a nobody. Actually he was with her sister but he knew she didn't have a clue about how to mistress a man and that sucked. Yea she was gorgeous and yea, they seemed to get along but it felt like he was getting shafted albeit with the most beautiful woman he'd ever met.

Bobby looked into the beautiful eyes of the woman holding him. Her gaze had captivated his imagination some months ago and now it was doing the same; this time slowly helping him to free his mind from the turmoil of the evening that was.

She smiled first and then brought his hand to her lips and kissed the back of it affectionately. Her eyes then moved to his crotch and she saw his cock squished inside the tiny steel cage. He was still naked; standing in front of her with no more concern than he would if he was standing in line fully clothed at a grocery checkout. In any other setting the sight of him would have probably repulsed her but in her sisters' home it didn't. It was just the way things were done here and she almost didn't think twice about seeing him without any clothing covering his midsection.

She fingered the cage grate that encapsulated his penis. It measured but a few inches in length and maybe half that in width. He appeared so diminutive inside that little prison. The sight of his tiny soldier brought her mind back to high school world history class. She remembered Roman's castrating male slaves and still had visions of textbook pictures of men with tiny penis' and no balls caring for female royalty. It almost made her laugh.

"I don't think you're going to get through gate security with this on. Take it off."

"I don't have the key," he said innocently, not really in the mode for her cajoling sarcasm.

"I'll get it." And with that she bolted down the stairs while he abandoned packing the large bag in lieu of her request.

He tossed the collar halves in the bottom of the daypack and filled the rest with miscellaneous toiletries and two days' worth of clothing. It was all the bag would hold. Scanning the room one final time his eye fell once more to the eyebolts. The ceiling one had a cable dangling freely and he walked over to where it hung. He pulled hard on the cord checking the firmness of the anchor which he knew was completely secure. Seeing the bolt in the floor was different. She had used this one to tether him to the planks below for countless nights when she finally upgraded his sleeping quarters from the outside cage to her bedroom. Most wouldn't think of calling this a step-up but for Bobby it meant the world. He could sleep with her! He could hear her breathing, sense when she moved, and knew she now wanted her property secured in her very presence. The bolt was much more than a seventy-five cent chunk of hardware. It was a link to her. Not wanting to part with a keepsake holding so many unprocessed thoughts he rifled through his daypack, pulled out one of the steel halves, slipped it inside the eye and used it as leverage to unscrew it from the plank floor. Bobby threw everything back in and zipped the pack shut just as Deb reappeared holding the end of a gold chain between her thumb and forefinger. At the other end swayed the familiar key he had seen so often hanging between Mistress' breasts. He smiled sadly.

"I see you found it."

"Come here Bobby," she said without pause. "Let's get you out of that thing."

Unabashed he strode over noticing the trembling hands grab the lock and insert the key before giving it a twist.

"Can you tell this is all new for me?" She asked not looking up from her work.

"It's OK. I'm a little nervous myself."

"You know," she said, making eye contact with him, "it's really good to hear you say that because I'm scared to death."

"I'm not going to hurt you Deb."

"I know that, but still," she paused not knowing what to say. "It's still scary. I hope I'm doing the right thing."

"I'm glad you made the choice you did."

She pulled the lock free of the cage. "Here," stepping back, "you take that thing off."

Bobby smiled. "And do what with it?"

"I don't know." She watched him pull the steel mesh free of his pocket-sized cock.

"Do you want me to leave it or take it?"

His cock grew rapidly, tripling in length and girth as soon as the restrictive bars were removed.

"Oh my!" Deb exclaimed. She watched in amazement at the transition from limp to full erection. "Oh my!" she said again. A smile grew slowly and steadily as she stared at the massive appendage now pointing directly at her.

Bobby blushed as he glanced first to Deb and then down at his manhood observing what had captivated her attention. "Is it OK?" He asked timidly, hoping to be reassured.

Deb didn't answer. She didn't move. She just stared. "Why did my sister want to keep this beautiful thing locked all the time?" She said quietly.

"Because, sh - -"

Deb held up her hand. "I don't need an answer. I was just thinking out loud Bobby."

She reached cautiously toward his staff and used the flat of her hand to caress the soft underbelly. Bobby twitched. It was her first touch of his prized possession. Deb held her hand open, letting the thick sausage rest on the outstretched palm. She felt its weight and warmth and felt a stir down below. It was a stirring caused by a man and one she hadn't felt that in over a decade. Sure she had stirred the pot many a time by herself. She did it almost daily but this was different. She was holding a man's genital and feeling something - something healthy for the first time in who knew how long. She gripped his pole. This thing was bigger than her hand. The thick bulbous head reached partway up her forearm. She slid her hand further underneath and cupped his swollen orbs. The size of two medium grade eggs, they were larger than what she had envisioned; all of him was larger than the tools her husband had. Maybe that's why he stooped to such low standards when he recruited others to do his sexual bidding. She pushed the thought of that asshole out of her mind and centered her thoughts on him. Cupping his balls gently she fondled each one. The firm, fleshy, somewhat malleable balls slid around in the watery environment of his scrotal sack. Grabbing his cock once more she saw that when she cupped his nuts his shaft extended almost halfway up to her elbow. This thing was so beautiful - almost perfect!

Deb closed her eyes and breathed deeply. "Was this really happening? Was she really going to do this? Did she actually feel that something - that emotion - that visceral reaction when she touched this part of him? Am I actually holding a man's cock in my hand?" She pulled away suddenly and looked up.

"Put that cage in your pack and get dressed. Sharon is booking our flight now and we need to get going."

Bobby thought she suddenly looked irritated. "Yes Mis, Ma'am, uh, what do you want me to call you?"

"Deb for now. We can talk about that later. I don't want to miss our flight. Let's go." She turned to leave.

"Where is your bag?" He interrupted.

"At the front door. Now hurry."

Bobby smiled; not because of her reaction to her touch. Indeed that felt wonderful. In fact he had never been blessed to have been examined by a woman as beautiful as she. What amused him was her reaction. He heard Mistress Sharon in her speech. They both had that pragmatic side. That 'get moving now, we don't want to be late' side that he loved hearing so much. He wondered just how much the fraternal twin sisters really emulated one another. Indeed they were alike. He wondered if Deb was as particular as she appeared now with every part of her life. He hurriedly dressed, leaving the partially packed leather bag lying on Mistress Sharon's bed.

"Goodbye Mistress. I will miss you," he said quietly. Taking one last look at her bedroom he closed the door. A final tear rolled down his cheek as he did.

...

The cab pulled up to the curb and Bobby got out with an umbrella already open. He hurried around to the other side and helped Debra Ashby out. It was raining buckets. No sooner did her feet hit the pavement than were they lifted off the ground. Bobby scooped her lithe body up effortlessly while managing the umbrella and carried her to the shelter of the overhanging terminal roof. Hurrying back he grabbed their belongings and paid the Cabbie with a handsome tip Deb had given him earlier.

Deb smiled broadly as the two made their way inside. "I'm coming to like you more and more."

"It was nothing."

"Well nothing or not, I enjoyed the attention and your thoughtfulness."

"Thank you. Miss... Can I call you Mistress?"

She stopped and pivoted immediately in front of him. They almost collided when she moved so quickly before him. "I said we'd discuss this later." Her voice was soft yet firm and Bobby could tell he had overstepped his boundary by asking.

"I'm sorry. It just feels so odd to..."

Deb had already turned away leaving him expressing his thoughts to no one. It was then that he began to notice the attention they seemed to be drawing. To be more specific he noticed the attention she drew from others. Deb was a true head-turner. Not only were the guys craning their necks to gawk when she passed by but women too stopped to take in her physical perfection. No wonder she went so far in the state beauty contest. Ending up as the alternate for Oklahoma in the National Miss America pageant spoke volumes as to how perfectly put together this new Mistress of his was. Now, if he could only call her that.

Indeed she had a perfect body. She was long and lean with an ample bosom on a slender frame that made his mouth water. Bobby had a hard time keeping his eyes off the nubs that pushed against the thin material of her bra and top. Her ass was round and firm and she had the most beautiful legs. They were long and strong and - well they were perfect! From the moment he had first seen her he was struck by how flawless her facial features were. Large almond shaped eyes, a smile to melt any man's heart, a sharp nose, full lips, nice cheekbones and impeccable skin made him swallow hard every time he saw her. She was simply that stunning.

It didn't surprise him to feel the strength in her small body when he lifted her from the cab but to feel how light she was did. And maybe that was part of her feminine lure that captivated him so fully. Women of all types made his heart quicken when they asserted their dominance but a beautiful woman did so even more. It always made him wonder how someone so small could exude so much control over him when he could easily overpower her. Yet he found himself incapable of even thinking of going there. Maybe that was why Mariko and later Mistress Sharon had told him on so many occasions he was a born submissive. Maybe that's why Mistress Sharon had devastated him. She had rejected and abandoned him. If it wasn't for the hope that Deb gave him as a potential new mistress he'd probably be crying uncontrollably in some cheap hotel room in an attempt to come to grips with her actions. As things worked out he was moving from one sister to another although he had no idea what was in store for him with this one. Would she treat him the same? Different? Push him even further? Set him free? He had no idea but it felt good to be in the presence of another Ashby sister.


"Bobby! Come!" She called.

He hurried to where she stood in the baggage check line.

"You need to stay close and not wander off again."

"I'm sorry. I got distracted."

"About what?"

"Just thinking. I have a lot of thoughts swirling around inside."

She patted the small of his back. "You and me both."

"Next!" the girl called.

"I want to check this bag," Deb said.

"You can carry it on. It's plenty small."

"I know it is but I need to check it. There's some metal in there and I'm afraid it won't make it through the security screen."

"No weapons I hope."

"No, just a chastity cage for his penis," she said flatly.

The girls' mouth opened in surprise.

"I thought I'd make your day," Deb said laughing.

Her wise-crack broke the tension and the girl giggled. "For a second I thought you were serious," she answered comforted by Deb's comic relief.

"Oh, I was. There really is one in there. Do you want to see?"

She looked first to Deb and then to Bobby who shook his head in agreement.

"It's pretty small," he said indicating the size of it with his thumb and finger.

"If you say so. I don't need to see it if it's being checked," the girl said hurriedly handing Deb a bag receipt. "Have a nice trip."

As they made their way up the escalator she burst into laughter and Bobby wrapped a strong arm around her. She reciprocated, leaning into him.

"Are you always like this?" Bobby asked.

"Never. I don't know what got into me. It must be you that brings out some extroverted side I didn't know existed.

"I like it."

"Don't worry. It will be gone soon."

Bobby wondered what that meant but she said nothing more. Instead he made small talk as they waited in the security check line."

"Thank you for letting me go free."

"Free? Who said I did that?"

"Free of the cage I mean."

Deb smirked, "Oh that thing. What a shame you were stuck in there for so long."

"I don't understand," he said somewhat puzzled.

"Later Bobby, later."

"Oh," he said feeling suddenly crushed.

"Don't be so sensitive. Do you really think I should talk about your pelvic appendage in public?"

An older woman jerked her head around, apparently hearing Deb's remark.

"Sorry ma'am. I'm trying to be discrete but he has a really nice one. It's at least this long." She held up two hands spaced some distance apart.

The lady gave Deb a snarly disgusted look and turned away quickly.

Bobby answered. "No Ma'am. I just have..."

Once more Deb held up her hands as if to say, 'enough'. Bobby paused in midsentence. They waited another few minutes in the long line when Deb suddenly grabbed him by the arm and pulled.

"This way."

"Why?"

"She pulled him free of the line and then stopped. "What's gotten into you?"

"What do you mean?"

In the last ten minutes you've done three of four things I never thought I'd have to address. What's with all the questions? I thought my sister taught you how to obey and keep your mouth shut."

"Maybe we should talk about this."

"Look," she poked him in the center of his chest. "Just do what I say for now, OK? You're making me have second thoughts about taking you home."

Bobby swallowed hard. That was the last thought he wanted germinating in her mind. "Yes Ma'am. I will obey you."

"Good. Now come." She slipped her arm around his and they hurried back downstairs near to where they had checked in. Bobby waited exactly where she had pointed while she made her way to the attendant. After a bit of dickering she found him and looked both happy and bothered.

"I got us an upgrade to first class. I just noticed the seats we had were in the very back of the plane and I hate sitting there. It's noisy behind the engines and it's near the bathrooms. There always seems to be a screaming kid stuck in the back of the plane. I needed to get us better seats."

"That's great," he said.

"It is, but we have to wait another seventy minutes before we can board. There were no upgrades on the one we were booked on."

They made their way past bookstores, and eateries, all of which made Bobby's stomach growl. "Can I get you a coffee while we wait?"

Deb looked up at her tall handsome escort and smiled affectionately. "Let's get back in line and after we make it through security we can find a somewhat private place to sit. Then you can fetch me a hot cup of coffee."

"Can I ask a favor of you?" He said timidly.

"What's that?"

"Will you come with me so I can watch you make it the way you like? I promise I'll make every one after exactly the same way."

"Hmmm," she harrumphed. "Deal."

"Thanks Deb." The words came awkwardly sounding more like a fifth grader saying the first name of his school teacher and her overhearing him. She forced a smile. "I need to learn your ways. That's why I asked."

"Indeed you do!"

...

Deb adjusted her seat and took the glass of white wine that Bobby had been holding.

"Push your seat back. Make it even with mine," she said softly.

He gave her the wine after she was situated comfortably and then obeyed her gentle order. He liked knowing she wasn't afraid to tell him what she wanted. It gave him a sense of solace to know she could address him in that way. How odd it was that he now needed that kind of directness to feel loved. His hope was she'd continue along the same path.

Shifting her pillow a little to the left she said, "This is more like it. I love traveling first class."

"I take it you can afford it?"

"I can." Her answer was arrogant but rather stated the obvious. She had money and didn't need to scrimp and pinch to get by. He also sensed she wasn't interested in expanding any further on her financial situation and decided it was not his prerogative to explore the subject further.

"Are you going to tell me what I can call you?" He probed.

"Can I ask you why you are asking me this?"

Bobby took a deep breath and turned to face her. He looked at her profile admiring once more her beauty. He hoped her face would be one he'd come to see for many a day. She was absolutely stunning.

"What?" She asked.

"You're beautiful. I was just taking in your profile and committing it to memory."

Deb smiled appreciatively. "Thank you."

"You probably hear that a lot. I noticed people all over the airport stopping to look at you."

"I don't even notice it anymore. It's just part of life. God made me this way. When I look at myself in the mirror every morning I really don't give how I look much thought."

"But you do realize you are about as perfect as a woman can get."

"I know I'm a head-turner and I can't say I'm not thankful. But I do work hard to keep my body in good shape. Can we leave it at that?"

"Yes but do I have permission to remind you often."

Deb giggled. "A girl never tires of hearing a compliment Bobby. Of course you may."

"Thank you." He answered with a smile before continuing. "As to your question," He collected his thoughts, choosing his words carefully, "The past couple of hours have been a whirlwind of thoughts and feelings."

Deb nodded knowingly.

"Your sister pretty much rejected me and my guess is she did it because she wanted Malik."

"I honestly have no idea if that was her reasoning or not. I didn't even think to ask."

"Well for whatever reason, it pretty much devastated me. Never in a million years did I think she'd do this."

"Are you saying you don't want to be with me?"

"Hear me out," Bobby said and held up his hand to halt any more questions. "Your sister and I have been through so much and as the months of training me mounted I emotionally bonded to her. Before tonight I would have told you there was no way I could ever live without her. I woke every morning and lived every day with only her on my mind. I felt completely bonded - as if I was her most treasured property. I wanted to make her happy. I did everything for her even though she never reciprocated to the same level of my commitment she required of me. I can probably count on one hand the number of times she took the time to really enjoy my body and even then we never," he leaned in a little closer, "did it," emphasizing the word 'it'.

"You're kidding!" Deb said loudly.

Bobby shook his head. "Never."

"Why not?"

"I don't know. Jonathan maybe? I wondered if she was still healing from that debacle although I never asked. I wasn't permitted to ask. She taught me to obey without questioning her and so that became my life and truth be told, I came to love that way of life."

"And you loved being her slave?"

"I did. I think she helped me discover this alter ego that I had no idea existed in me. But to answer your question, I'm glad I'm here with you. After she cut the collar and released me I dreaded you might not accept her offer and take me. I couldn't imagine going with Jess. It just would have never worked for lots of reasons."

"And I will?"

"I think I'll bond with you even more completely than I did with Mistr -, I mean Sharon."

Deb smiled. "And why is that?"

"Because of the way we connected from the very start. I felt something that first night when we met. When we talked outside while I grilled those steaks I could tell we seemed to hit it off really well. You made me feel important I think you enjoyed my company. I knew I couldn't reach out to you and I didn't want to but I also couldn't deny what I felt and what I sensed from you."

"And what was that?" By now Deb had slipped out of her heels and curled up in the seat to face Bobby.

"I think you felt the same thing. I think for whatever reason, you felt oddly comfortable around a man and I don't think you've felt that way for years."

She smiled coyly. "Maybe."

"Maybe nothing. I think you felt more than a 'maybe' but I'm getting away from what I wanted to say."

"I like when you get off track like that."

"A girl likes a compliment," he said casually, "I didn't forget."

"Yep. Even implied ones."

Her smile was genuine and made him grin almost instinctively. There really was something about her that so strongly drew him to her.

He continued. "I know we have the potential to bond but as to whether or not we do, or how tight that bond becomes will be pretty much up to you. I'm the one who follows. You're the one who leads. And like the Good Book says, 'your people will become my people and where you sleep is where I will sleep'. I think there is quite a bit of allegory in those words that pertains to us," he said thoughtfully. They were both quiet for some time.

Bobby persisted. "After Sharon released me I became a free man. Mariko, Jess and you all witnessed that. She chose to release me rather than transferring my slavery from one her to another mistress. Instead she simply released me and then, probably out of pity, asked if you would take me."

"So you don't view me as a mistress? Is that what you're saying?"

"I don't," he paused. "Right now, no, I don't."

"Why?"

He could see the surprise in her eyes. "Because you aren't one of them. You aren't one of Mariko's progeny. You weren't mentored by her or accepted into their society. You didn't go to her weekly meetings or hang out with the other mistresses she's trained. You don't seem like a woman that wants what she wants or believes what she does - what they all do. They want to rule their home and have men serve them with unquestioning obedience."

Deb crinkled her face in an unreadable way. Before answering she gave him her glass. "Get me another one. Go."

"Yes Ma'am." He stood to seek out the stewardess.

Before he departed Deb replied, "Ma'am is nice Bobby, but Mistress has an even better ring."

Bobby whirled his head around at her words but she waved him off. "The wine first and get yourself a glass too."

He returned two minutes later handing her the half-filled glass. This time it was Debra who noticed the trembling hand.

"You afraid of heights?" She asked.

"No. Why?"

"You're shaking."

"It's not the plane. It's what you said."

"What about what I said?"

"You told me you wanted me to call you Mistress."

"And so I did."

"But are you a mistress?"

"I'm not sure but does that mean you can't call me one?"

"I guess not." He then added. "So then what am I?"

"My slave of course, Bobby. When I agreed to take you I agreed on the assumed condition you would obey my word as law. That's why I pulled you aside and questioned you in the security line. I didn't feel like you were and I didn't want to deal with a rebellious guy I hardly know. I simply have no desire to take you on if that is how you're going to act."

"Maybe I acted that way because I'm not use to having someone call me Bobby and talk to me like you do or put their arm around mine. Maybe I felt a little too normal."

"And you don't like that?"

"Oh, that's not it at all! I loved it! It felt wonderful."

"Well can't I be affectionate and still be your Mistress?"

"I guess you can be whatever you want."

"Exactly! And that is what I intend to do. For example," she pulled her phone out of her purse and opened a long text from 'twin' and handed him the phone. "That's from Sharon. Read it, slave."

Bobby smiled and then focused on the tiny print:

"I know you're probably stressed so I called ahead. Had a large cage brought to your house and set up halfway down the path to the lake. Dog food and water should be on top. Lock with key on the latch. Figured you'd want it just to get him started off right."

Bobby swallowed hard as he handed the cell back. He could picture his old mistress doing that very thing; looking out for her sister and making sure she stayed safe while this new stranger came to reside with her. He felt a stir in his groin at the thought of Deb putting him in there for the night. At the same time he felt a pang of sadness at the thought of being separated.

"I have no intention of putting you in that cage," she said putting the phone back in her purse.

"You don't?"

"Not at this point."

"Why not?"

"Why should I?"

"Because I'm your slave."

"Are you wearing underwear?"

"Where did that thought come from he mused," "Yes Mistress."

Go to the restroom and take it off and then I'll talk - and you will listen."

"If that's what you want," he said getting up again.

Bobby returned a few minutes later with a pair of boxer briefs balled up in one hand. She could see his pants beginning to tent through the thin material of his slacks.

"Go toss them in the waste basket. Make sure you ask the pretty stewardess if it's OK before you do."

Leaving her presence with an obvious grin he went, once more, back to the cute brunette who was working in the forward galley.

When he returned he grabbed his drink and sat.

"Well?" Deb said raising an eyebrow.

"She said it was ok to throw whatever I didn't want in the waste basket so that's what I did."

"Did you tell her what it was?"

"Yes Mistress. She just looked at me and then at my groin and smiled."

"Good. Now sit down and get comfortable. It's time for you to hear me out. That is if you are through talking." She raised an eyebrow." Are you?"

"I think so. I wanted you to understand the whole switch thing that your sister did and know that I felt as if I left her house a free man. Well kind of," he added.

"I got it. Now be quiet and listen." She reached over and casually ran her small hand down the length of the tent pole that had continued to grow. Bobby twitched and turned ever so slightly her way to give her better access. She smiled and then watched as he closed his eyes for a long second.

"I promise I won't interrupt you Mistress."

Deb grinned saw those submissive words flowing so easily from his tongue were sincere and unrehearsed. He spoke from his heart; from the heart of a man who had the heart of a slave. His words and the way he expressed himself made her feel both appreciated and empowered. It made for an easy segue to what she wanted to convey. She squeezed his erection, barely able to enclose her fingers around its ample girth.

"This is a part of you that I absolutely love." She smiled and then seemed to clear her mind of the picture of the cockshaft that had momentarily distracted her. "First off, I'm going to call you Bobby for now. If and when I feel differently I will let you know. Understood?"

"Yes Mistress."

She beamed one of those jaw-dropping smiles. "I need to get use to being called that," she added. "I'm going to call you Bobby both privately and publicly and I expect you to be consistent in how you address me."

"I will."

"I have some dear girlfriends whom I love and I'm sure it won't be long before you meet them. I have clients that come to my home almost every day. I have neighbors. I have acquaintances. I know a lot of people. You do your part and address me as the person I am and I'll handle the questions. Understood?"

Bobby grinned. "Understood." He realized that beneath her perfectly formed exterior was a highly organized, no nonsense person with confidence and expectations. He was beginning to see that even though she had a man in her life, she had no intention of compromising anything because of him.

"Now drink your wine and hear me out. By the way," she pointed to his glass, "this is the only one you're drinking. You're driving me home so take your time and enjoy it."

"I am," he said smirking behind the soft glow of the fluid in the crystal vial now at his lips.

"I know you think I am not one of Mariko's underlings but you are mistaken. Just because I didn't live in the Riverton area doesn't mean I haven't learn her ways. Technology has a way of changing the traditional classroom. These days, online courses can sometimes equal or surpass that of the classroom ones."

Bobby looked at her puzzled. He tried remaining attentive but her touches were beginning to make him ache for more. She seemed completely at ease with her actions but her strokes along with the visual eye-candy of her voluptuous figure was getting him quite aroused.

She continued, "Soon after I learned about my sister's relationship with you and learned it was nothing even close to a normal one, I spent hundreds of hours exploring what you two shared. I thought she was nuts when I learned she was training a slave. I went online to learn mostly as a way to help talk her out of this. While I did I came across Mariko's website."

"She has a ..."

Deb put a finger to Bobby's lip quelling his interruption. "You are going to get a trip to the cage sooner than later if this continues. I doubt you were this obnoxious with Sharon."

He shook his head making her smile at his sudden meekness.

"Yes, Mariko has a website and it's quite extensive. I've been to every page of it including all of the 200 or more streaming videos she has available. Most are recordings of her weekly women's meeting presentations but some are talks she's given in other parts of the country. Not only have I listened to her but I've also had the chance to think about it and replay parts of all or some of her presentations over and over. You see, I think I've gotten more out of what she's said than those attending because I had the advantage of replaying them so that I could digest her thoughts more fully and form my own philosophical perspective on things. Although I don't agree with everything she has to say I do with most, so in many respects I agree with Sharon's tactics although my approach in achieving the goal she sought would probably vary. However, I've never been with a man and you probably know my story with the last one I was with."

Bobby nodded.

"What do you know?"

"I know you weren't married that long before your husband had a couple of his friends come to your home and rape you while he watched. Sharon never told me much else."

"That's the gist of it and I had the marriage annulled a few weeks later. Unfortunately besides being a perverted voyeur he screwed up my mind and attitude about men - which makes bringing you home not as easy as you might believe it to be."

She was quiet and although Bobby had questions he wanted to ask, he sequestered any thought of doing so for a later time.

Debra continued, "I was drawn to what Mariko had to offer and what Sharon and you had because I thought it might be a safe compromise to what I wanted."

Deb stretched her arms and coddled his long cock between both hands looking deep into his eyes. "I want a relationship with a man. I hope I can have that relationship with you. I want one that includes more than just coming to be my house slave. I want to engage in normal heterosexual love. I know what happened to me was an aberration. Yet when looking at it from the perspective of abused women, my rape is nothing more than something most all women experience in one form or another. Most of us are disrespected by the men we love eventually."

"I think I know what you mean," he whispered.

"I think so too. Mariko was abused by her husband. Sharon experienced something similar with Jonathan and I'd guess the majority of married women could share similar stories. Abuse takes many forms. It may be physical. It may be in the form of neglect or abandonment. It might be because a man doesn't value or respect or appreciate his wife like he should. It might be through infidelity. It might be because of his past or his own insecurities but they're all evil. It doesn't matter why. What matters is they do it and thinking you could do something scares me to death. Mariko believes it happens when a man isn't made to devote himself fully to the woman he says he loves."

"I'm not going to do anything to you," he whispered.

"Bobby," she said after a long pause. "Most of me trusts you; most of me believes we can have a normal relationship. I feel this way because of what my sister has told me about you and because of what my gut tells me, but there is a part of me that is wary simply because you have a cock and because you are stronger than me." She broke into a smile and added, "A beautiful cock but still a cock, which makes you a man. But I want to be able to trust you."

Looking into those pleading brown eyes he saw in her the scared little girl wanting nothing more than to feel safe. "I understand and I promise you I will never ever hurt you."

"I don't think you will but I will be making sure you don't get any ideas. I've already thought all this through." She didn't elaborate any further and Bobby didn't need a more detailed explanation.

"What I'm trying to say is: I believe I am a version of how your last mistress supervised you but I've never done this with a real guy. It's like I am where she was back when you two first started off in September. I'm green. This is a first for me Bobby, so you will need to be patient. I'm sure there's going to be some bumps in the road ahead but as long as I know I have your complete obedience - and I will have it," she added. "I know where I want to take us."

"And I will follow," he assured her.

"Yes you will."

Hearing those spoken words coming from a true goddess, from a woman of incomparable beauty, helped to push the sad thoughts of losing Mistress Sharon aside. How easy it suddenly felt to give himself to Mistress Debra. At that he asked, "Am I to call you Mistress or Mistress Debra?"

She glowed radiantly and said in a subdued voice, "Either will do just fine."

"I'm glad. I like the sound of both."

Changing directions she added, "What I don't want to hear is you reminding me how my ways are different than how Sharon did things. I don't want to know. I don't care to know. Besides, I know enough already, probably more than you think. Like I said, it's not my intention to follow in her footsteps. This is going to be my journey and one I plan on taking without feeling as if I'm not measuring up to her. Doing so," she added, "will certainly get you a trip to the dog house or worse."

Here," she said, taking her hands off his manhood, "you stroke. I want it to stay hard until we land."

"Yes Mistress."

He assumed the casual up and down motion she had been performing for the past several minutes. He really didn't need to stimulate himself to stay hard. Just looking at her was all the encouragement he needed. His mind drifted to other, more personally intimate thoughts. "Was she shaved? Did she want him to remain so? Would she let him sleep with her?" Those notions only added to his desire. He snickered inwardly. To even consider the possibility of sleeping with Sharon was so far removed he thought it out of the question Deb would concede. But something about her made him wonder. On one hand he already noted differences in their style. She handled him differently. Sharon functioned with fear as her leveraging authority while Deb approached things more rationally; more as a parent would deal with an out-of-line teenager. Deb also said she wanted a relationship. Would that include sexual intimacy as well? Would it include the full expanse of sexual sharing or limited to Sharon's prerogative of oral servitude only without the hope of ever wanting his cock inside?

Oh the thought of being between Mistress Debra's legs! He looked down at his rod just as Debra did. A wet stain of pre-cum darkened his tented pants.

"Getting excited already?" She asked.

"Yes Mistress."

"You aren't going to join the mile-high club tonight but I like you thinking about me." She giggled and leaned over, kissing him on the cheek.

...

Their arrival and disembarking went without event and ten minutes after touchdown they exited the Jetway and entered a relatively quiet Dallas/Fort Worth airport. After retrieving their bags a few minutes later they left the terminal. Deb directed Bobby to her car on the third level of the short term parking garage. It was a silver late model BMW 535 series and appeared almost factory new. Deb handed him the keys and after Bobby got her comfortably seated he turned the key, immediately feeling why so many were loyal BMW owners.

"You do drive a nice car," he said excitedly.

"From what I heard, you did as well," she said grinning.

"Yea, I use to have an OK set of wheels but it was nothing like this."

"Use to; I guess that's the key phrase with you anymore isn't?"

He laughed. "Yea, I guess it is."

They headed out the airport maze of turns and onto the highway with Debra directing him. Not long after navigating the several lefts and rights they got on the four-lane. Deb set the GPS for home, reclined the seat and closed her eyes.

"Just follow the directions. I'm going to rest."

Bobby looked over at the mid-thirty beauty who could easily pass for someone in her twenties. Heavy breasts mounted on her slim frame made her appear even more luscious, especially in the near dark of the night. Only the glow of the passing city lights highlighted her perfect curves. She looked stunningly beautiful.

There was something about driving while a woman rested in the seat beside him that sparked Bobby's paternal instinct. Maybe it was the trust she gave him. Maybe it was the comfort level she now demonstrated. Maybe it was because he could look at her without her knowing and take in her beauty for as long as he could safely. For whatever reason, Bobby felt privileged to navigate the Dallas highways knowing he was now the slave of a supermodel mistress.

"Mistress Supermodel. Supermodel Debra," he whispered. He didn't think she'd go for either of those titles but he loved thinking of her in that way. "And she even enjoys stroking my shaft and we've only been together for a few hours!" He felt his loins at the memory of her small hands grasping his manhood while conversing so easily in the first-class compartment of the 737.

"Hey Mistress," he said softly touching her thigh. "We're almost home." She stirred and then stretched. Her arching body thrust her breasts upward. Everything she did, even waking up was hot to see. "Damn she was gorgeous," Bobby thought.

In a sleepy voice she said, "That felt good. I needed that." She looked around to see where they were.

"I bet it's pretty here in daylight," he said pointing to the surrounding countryside.

"It is. Most people think of Texas as flat and dry but we have our trees and hills. This is a beautiful area. I hope you like where I'm taking you."

"You could take me to a double-wide and I'd love it."

She laughed. "I'm glad to hear you're content with simple things but I have a bit more than a double-wide." She didn't make the comment arrogantly and he didn't take it that way. "Turn left here."

Muting the GPS she directed him the final few turns as they slowly ascended a densely wooded and winding road. Passing mailboxes every few hundred yards gave Bobby the impression they were passing through an exclusive residential area.

Pointing ahead she said, "Turn here. My driveway is the second one on the left."

Following her lead he turned into the gated entrance and slowly drove some 100 yards down the narrow drive. Smaller trees and shrubs lined the winding drive giving it a woodsy feel. When her home came into view he gasped. The place was beautiful!

Deb hit the infrared for the door and soon Bobby parked the car in the expansive garage. It was the only vehicle occupying the open space but was large enough to easily hold three vehicles. It was then when she felt the adrenaline surge as the pounding in the center of her chest became almost audible. She was home - with a man!

"Come on. Grab our bags. I want to show you around."

Barring his entrance into the house she watched him jostle the larger and smaller items he pulled from the trunk. Her heart pounded with nervous excitement. When he finally approached she instructed him to put everything down. Deb smiled when a puzzled look replaced the previous one expressing obvious anticipation and excitement.

"Yea?" He asked.

"Get undressed and put all of your clothes in here. And do it quickly."

Holding out a nondescript plastic bag she watched him disrobe. When the slacks were gone his pole sprung free and stood rock hard. "This is to remind you of who you are to me. We need to get off on the right foot."

He raised an eyebrow, not so much to question the comment but Deb took it that way.

"You're here because I took you as my slave. Remember, who wanted to call me Mistress. You and I both know what you want. You want to serve me as a slave and I intend to enjoy that service. And besides I like seeing you naked. You're more vulnerable this way and I need that right now.

"I guess so."

"Well, I think you are so whenever you're in this house you're going to remain naked. And trust me, there's going to be very few exceptions to that rule."

"OK." He said. She really was getting into this and he hadn't even made it into the house yet.

Deb admired the healthy girth and ample length and those thoughts produced a moistness and ache deep inside. The mere fact she responded with such desire almost frightened her. She hadn't gotten wet over the sight of a man in ages. Only with him did her body do this and right now she could feel herself getting really wet. The ache continued but it was too soon to consider more intimate possibilities and besides, it was really late.

Carting in the bags she led him through a mudroom and into the adjoining kitchen. The house was laid out over three levels, and each one was more than spacious. Two of three floors were built into the hillside and all looked out over a gigantic lake. Bobby knew she had a nice place based on the little information Sharon had shared but seeing it in person revealed an entirely different perspective. The place was immense. It was immaculate. God it was gigantic! Deb strolled ahead and they made their way into the kitchen

"Put everything over there and fix me a glass of cranberry juice and seltzer water," she said pointing to another part of the expansive granite countertop. . Bobby dropped everything on the floor and granite topped island that was at least ten feet long.

After fetching her drink she led him by the hand through the living room, dining area and office complex that made up the upper level. Glass doors opened to an expansive deck that included a hot tub, grill and wet bar and had enough square footage to easily host a party for 50. When they reached the middle level she let him look into each of the five bedrooms that occupied the entire floor. Each had their own private bath and everyone had dual walk-in closets. The largest room was located at the far end of the hall and was immaculate.

You'll be calling this the mistress bedroom," she said amused at her wit. "This is my room." Opening the door and gesturing with her arm as if to say, "After you" she stepped aside, allowing him to enter. Bobby stopped just inside. The room was immense. He figured it had to be at least 25 feet from wall to wall, if not larger. A massive four-post canopy bed occupied the center space. Large dressers and chest of drawers flanked the entrance. In one corner he noticed a padded massage table with a smaller chest nearby containing all the ancillaries a masseuse might want. In another corner was a small seating area with a loveseat and overstuffed chair. Bobby paced slowly, examining everything closely. Deb had the room painted a beautiful spring green that popped with color. Thick floor and crown moldings spanned the perimeter while an intricately delicate white chair molding gave the room an elegant clean look that complimented the white lacquered furniture. Wandering through a door near the massage table he entered into a hall where walk-in closets exited off of either side. At the far end of the short passage was a bathroom, vanity area and through a third door a walk-in shower with a massive Jacuzzi tub.

"This is so beautiful."

Deb smiled. She could see he really was impressed. "I love this room. I spend lots of time in here. It's a place that makes me happy. Come here," she said excitedly. Grabbing his cock she pulled him toward the back wall where windows spanned the entire space. Even now, he could imagine sun pouring in and filling the space with ample amounts of natural light. The openness brought the outdoors indoors and tied the bedroom to its wooded surroundings. Deb opened a door in the middle of the windowed wall and they stepped outside.

"Look, I even have a private deck. I like to use this mostly when I have company and want a little privacy but sometimes I'll sit out here in the early morning or at night right before bed. It's a perfect spot to hang and listen to music or just read a book. The deck overhead keeps the sun off in the morning and at night, well just look; it's so picturesque."

Bobby nodded in stunned amazement and after a bit leaned against the railing facing her. "This place is absolutely beautiful Mistress. I mean whole place is incredible."

He could tell from her smile she was excited to show off this little addition.

"God, you have another hot tub down here!"

"Yep."

A second hot tub, sat off to one side and across from it was another love seat with small wrought iron end tables and a miniature fridge. The tasteful extravagance he realized was everywhere began to overwhelm him. Her home must have cost upwards of a million or more and although it was huge with posh furnishings everywhere, there was an air of comfort and practicality amidst the lavishness.

He stared out into the blackness of the moonless night taking in the muted green and red lights of powerboats and sailboats below. Beyond, sporadic flickers of light from distant residents' homes sparkled. The evening was still warm after a near one hundred degree day. He wondered if the inhabitants of the randomly anchored small crafts scattered all over the lake were taking occasional dips in the cool water even at this late hour. Staring up at the stars, seeing hints of civilization miles off, and now standing inches from a beautiful woman felt too good. He needed this. He needed the separation the flight from Tennessee provided in physically removing him from the East Riverton environment and all the memories - both good and bad. He needed to be with Debra. He realized that now. He closed his eyes and inhaled the warm Texas air.

"This place is beautiful Mistress. I've never been in a home so big and so gorgeous."

She smiled looking at the naked man that would be hers. Admiring his thick shaft she watched a long thick drip of pre cum yawn and then plop onto the synthetic decking on which they stood.

Bobby groaned when she grabbed his rod and pumped him with one hand. Cozying up to him she rubbed her other hand over his back and ass.

"This thing of yours is really cool." She said, not understanding why she felt so at ease with him but loving it all the same.

"I'm glad you like it. It belongs to you now, you know."

"Every part of you belongs to me now. Maybe you didn't get that memo." Her eyes beamed radiantly while verbally playing with him.

She returned her attention to her stroking and watched more of the clear fluid seep from his slit.

"Do you always drip this much?"

"I don't know. I've never been stimulated like this - ever."

"Really?"

"Really. I think I've been hard ever since I started packing to leave Tennessee and that was hours ago."

"I like that you leak. I like it a lot. I think it's really hot to see you dripping. It really is a lust barometer isn't it?"

Bobby snickered. "Yea, I guess it is."

She dipped a fingernail uncomfortably into his slit and filled the concave side of her nail with glop of fluid and brought it to her lips. "And you taste good." She took another sampling and offered it up to him.

"Open up. I want you to try too."

Deb alternately fed the two of them while pistoning his cock. When he started to arch and push into her hand and she sensed he might cum, she slowed and eventually stopped.

"Come on, there's more to see."

Bobby felt the yank on his pole when she pulled him back toward the bedroom door. He dutifully followed, not that he had a choice about it. Steering him down another flight of steps he followed close behind. On the ground floor were two large storage areas off the single hallway to the left. Mostly they were empty. Next to them was a utility room and at the far end was a large work room. Occupying one entire side of the floor and overlooking the lake was one of the most elegantly decorated and completely equipped workout rooms he had ever seen - and it was in a house! The place was simply immense.

"I spend hours down here trying to keep this body that people want to stare at in shape," she said giggling. "Being a beauty queen doesn't happen unless you work at it constantly and here is where I do that work."

Bobby looked at the equipment. There were treadmills, elliptical trainers, stair steppers and individual weight stations for every body part imaginable. An Olympic barbell and dumbbell set that including benches and squat racks occupied another section and she even thought to include an open area with stability balls, medicine balls, heavy ropes and other functional training aids.

"You'll be using that stuff," she said pointing to the Olympic weights, "beginning tomorrow." She walked over to the dumbbell rack and rubbed her hand over a 60# mass of steel.

"Were you planning for me coming? This stuff is top of the line."

"No but I thought I'd equip the room properly. I have the space and sometimes I work out with friends. That's why there is more than one of some things. I like doing cardio with my girlfriends sweating with me rather than having to take turns."

"Indeed you do."

Bobby gave the room another look and when he did he spotted flat screen TV's several IPods and a sound system he figured was probably state of the art.

"This place is incredible," he said for the tenth time. "God this is beautiful!

"Well, this is all there is. No more rooms to show you." She stroked his muscular arm. "It's getting late," she said handing him her empty juice glass. "Time for bed."

Heading upstairs, Deb pointed to one of the bedroom doors. "Tonight you stay in here. You can sleep-in as long as you want but don't get used to it. Things will change. When you get up I'll give you a more complete tour when we have more time. I'm too tired to do it now."

She turned toward her mistress suit, "Put the glass in the dishwasher and go to bed - and keep your hands off your cock."

She vanished and Bobby heard the door's lock engage. He took his time perusing the upper level looking around in disbelief of all he observed. It wasn't like she had lots of stuff. The house had an open floor plan and every room was uncluttered. What impressed him most, beyond the sheer size of the place was how well she tastefully displayed her affluence.

Yawning, he headed back down to his room and closed the door. A few minutes later after brushing his teeth he climbed into bed and rested comfortably on the on the soft feather pillow and memory foam mattress upon which he sank into perfectly.

"What a day," he said aloud.

In the other room Debra lay in one of her favorite silk nighties and lace panties smiling. "Her new life had started but tomorrow is when everything really begins," she thought. With thoughts of all she would be revealing come morning and her slave's dripping cock pictured in the forefront of her mind she pulled out a vibe from the nightstand, closed her eyes and let the little device work its magic on her silky smooth pussy.

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 02
byKatiekatsman©

Bobby woke to bright streams of sunlight filling the pastel blue walls. Tossing off the plush 600 count Egyptian cotton sheets he stretched and stood. In the distance he heard the pounding beat of contemporary rock music thumping some distance away and smiled.

"There is a whole lot more to this lady than a perfect set of tits to be had," he thought.

Looking at the clock he suddenly froze. It was almost ten! He hadn't ever slept this late while a slave to Mistress Sharon. Guilt momentarily gripped him and he fearfully bolted to the bathroom and hurried into the shower. Not waiting for the water to warm he plunged under the freezing stream letting it drench his body before scrubbing it. Five minutes later he hustled out the door and bolted upstairs, his hair still wet and motley.

"I'm so sorry," he said frantically. She was seated in one of the overstuffed leather chairs in the living room reading a paper from a manila folder. She looked stunning; her thick brunette hair with just a bit of curl draped gracefully across shoulders. Even the sight of her clavicle looked sexy. She was wearing shorts revealing strong and shapely legs. The loose sleeveless white button-down blouse elegantly completed her outfit and brought his sleepy cock to a military rousing. Bobby couldn't help but stare at those large tanned breasts. Thin women with ample busts could do to a top what hers did now, the heft her of breasts lifting the blouse away from her thin torso and forcing the material to hand in that tantalizingly provocative way. She looked beyond sexy and all she was doing was sitting!

Catching his eye she smiled knowingly. "Good morning, Sleepy Head," she replied ignoring his comment. "I'll take two eggs over easy, fruit and a cup of coffee and I'll have my breakfast out on the deck. Fix whatever you want and time everything so your breakfast is ready when mine is. I want company this morning. Now go." She pointed in the direction of the kitchen, waved him off and continued with her reading.

Bobby smiled as he quickly and efficiently explored the kitchen for the first time. He felt at home standing naked in there. It reminded him of his recent past in Tennessee but this space was nothing like that. Granite countertops, tile walls and a humungous center island that even included a vegetable sink. She even had a walk-in pantry with custom-made maple shelving. The spaciousness of it all was stupefying. The room was huge - bigger than huge. Mistress Sharon's kitchen and living room would have all fit in this room alone!

Surveying it all, his eye locked on the two ovens, one above the other and then the two refrigerators sitting side by side. The room was immense but then so was every other space here. The house must have been at least eight or ten thousand square feet and even though that footage was spread over three floors it felt both more than roomy and still really comfortable.

Natural light streamed in from numerous windows giving it an open and refreshing feel yet the setting amongst the trees and shrubs with the lake nestled nearby made it feel completely isolated. The closest structure he could see were homes at least a mile or so away on the other side of the impressive lake that ran from right to left as he looked through the windows. He had no idea how big it was but the water disappeared from sight in both directions. It was a substantial lake but then everything in Texas seemed that way - including his new mistress's breasts, legs, arms, neck, and - he smiled looking down at his now fully engorged cock that poked against the cherry wood cabinet he was facing - well everything was more than perfect when it came to her.

He hoped she would view him similarly, that is she hoped the part of him that marked him as one of the male species would. He anticipated it did, but he wanted his to be extra special. After all, he wasn't going to be the slave to just any woman. This one was both wealthy and gorgeous and surrounded herself with only the best; which is what made him feel somewhat insecure despite her apparent appreciation for his hard and leaking cock. He wondered how long she'd let him stay free before returning him to the confines of his cock-cage. It was going to happen, probably sooner rather than later and that depressed him when he thought of it.

And if truth be told, he kind of missed the cage even though he loved feeling her touch. There was something secure in knowing his cock was out of reach, secure and saved only for his Owner. The temptation to touch and masturbate was gone and he honestly enjoyed the painful erections caused by its constraining confines. Cramped erections reminded him of who he was and who he belonged to. It was but one more way of reminding him he wasn't equal with the mistress he served. The locked appliance made it perfectly clear he was here for the express purpose of serving the owner of the key. Forcing his eight-inch cock into a cage less than two-inches long was such a powerful thing a mistress could do.

Bobby pulled his mind out of the reverie and finished making breakfast. Minutes later he walked with tray in hand to where Mistress Debra sat. On the tray was her breakfast as well as a large bowl of cereal, and a smaller one filled with yogurt and topped with fresh blueberries and crushed walnuts. He watched her eying him with the platter of food.

"I see you have a creative touch when it comes to meal prep. I like that in a man." She smiled, gazing up into his handsome face and then caressed his erect cock. Bobby twitched at the feathery contact of her fingertips tracing along the purple veins and rippling hard-on. Standing motionless he let her examine and enjoy what had become hers.

"Don't move," she said.

He could now feel her warm breath on his pulsing shaft. A second later he experienced the pain of her sharp fingernails scratching along the length of his manhood and then gripping his sagging balls. He gasped when she impulsively took him; her warm and wet lips first kissing the soft bulbous head. Later he felt her soft tongue probing and exploring his cockslit although he couldn't see anything because of the tray. Unable to stay silent, he moaned when her tongue marked out a path along the soft underbelly, following the bloated vein that ran from stem to stern. Abruptly the ministrations ended. Mistress stood and squeezed him, then ran her tongue over her upper lip.

"I like you like this." She clutched his shaft indicating to what it was she was referring. "In case you haven't already noticed I like touch. I'm finding it's one of my chief love-languages."

Bobby remained perfectly still while she circled feeling her hands pressed into his back and then running over his rippled muscles.

"Have you been working out?"

"Some, I never had much time while with Sharon but I'd do some calisthenics whenever I had a free moment."

"So you're telling me that this is the 'kinda out-of-shape you' that I'm feeling?"

"It's the kinda-in-shape me you're feeling too, Mistress."

"So you don't consider yourself particularly in shape now?"

"Not really but I'm not out of shape either," he said smirking. "Like I said, I did a few pushups, sit ups and pull ups whenever I had the chance."

Deb stood looking at him and bit down gently on her lower lip. Everything about her was sexual and he could tell the look in her eye had a playful thought behind it.

"You have an attractive body. Do you know that?"

"If you say so."

Well I can't wait to really get you in shape." Squeezing his pecs she felt their size and weight. They were well defined and thick. Deb hefted one until it drew tight and quickly withdrew her hand letting the lobe fall back in place. There was no jiggle. Just a bit of a 'cur plunk' look and feel as it fell back to its resting position. She squeezed a nipple and rubbed it between her thumb and finger. It shot to a perky erection.

"How many pushups have you been doing?" She asked and then sucked on the other nipple, biting down hard until he winced. It hardened, matching his twin brother.

"A couple sets of 50 each day."

Deb's curious hands kept exploring; running over taut abdominals. Bobby lowered the tray until it rested on the hard brace extending from his pubis while she continued to trace a finger over the two rippled rows of his six-pack.

"This is your rectus," she said giving it a hard push and feeling it instantly respond into a rock-hard washboard. "I know my muscles Bobby, and I like what I'm feeling, "she cooed. "To be precise, this is your rectus abdominus."

He smirked at her nerdy humor.

"How many sit ups have you been doing?"

"It depends," he said. Three or four sets to fatigue whenever I have the time."

"Give me the food."

He did and she pointed to the floor after setting it on a nearby table. Bobby got down on the plush Oriental rug and stared up, lusting first at her long supple legs, taking in the contours of her shapely calves and strong thighs, and then gazing higher to where those irresistible mounds protruded from her chest. He watched her smile and she returned the same lustful gaze knowing exactly what he was looking at and thinking.

Debra stared at his thickly muscled torso and thighs separated both above and below by the pole protruding several inches up from where his upper and lower body met. Kicking his knees gently Bobby took the hint and flexed them. Stepping out of her sandals she stood with one foot firmly planted on the top of each foot.

"Count'em, I want to see what you got."

Bobby ripped off 147 crunches before collapsing breathless. His body, reddened from blood that had moved into his skin in an attempt to cool his hot body. Beads of sweat formed on his torso. Mistress watched him inhale, his chest rising and falling, his ribcage expanding and collapsing, and his blood-engorged abdominals rippling with definition after the exhausting work. The formally stout appendage hung limply and off to one side as if bowing in reverence to the beautiful mistress who it now served. Bobby felt a foot poking at his flaccid cock. She stroked it clumsily with her toes. Crunching and uncrunching them she milked the soft balloon until it twitched once and then again began thickening, pulsing upward. As it rose triumphantly, Debra giggled.

"Roll over." Her voice was whimsical; almost playful and she nudged a foot into his left hip prompting him to move. Bobby grunted something indiscernible and complied, his lungs still puffing from the morning exercise.

No sooner had he gotten to his stomach then he felt her weight. She sat between his shoulder blades and rested her feet on the small of his back. "Give me five good ones before we eat."

Curious to see if he could move her she sat patiently waiting. She wanted to see just how strong her submissive really was. She figured he should be able to lift her slender 125 pound frame without too much of an issue but then again that was on top of his own 200 plus pounds. Feeling his core tense Deb braced herself while he moved his hands into position.

"I have food in my hands. Don't let it spill," she chided.

Bobby inhaled deeply and then pressed his body upward, making sure he didn't disturb the precious cargo above.

"That's one. Now let's see what you got." He could hear the mischievous tone in her words and fought to stifle a smile that he knew would zap his strength.

Lowering himself he momentarily paused and hoisted her again. And then he did it again, and then again, and then again, and then again.

"That's five," she said "Well do-- woooo," she called out as he lowered himself to the ground. Not expecting him to move she almost lost her balance. Some of the milk spilled and she fought to steady herself and the tray.

He lifted her again, this time making her laugh. When he completed another push-up she cheered, giving him a good ole Texas 'whoop, whoop'. Bobby cranked out another eight reps before lowering them both to the floor and gasping for air.

Smacking his taut ass playfully she ordered him to get up. He rolled over and smiled. "Let's eat Mr. Texas." Grabbing his limp appendage she pulled him in the direction of the deck with him still breathing heavily. They walked into the warmth of a Texas summer morning.

When they had finished eating and Bobby had cleaned the kitchen and showered he found her sitting in the charcoal gray leather chair.

"OK, I let you sleep in but, like I said last night, that's going to be the exception to the rule." Her eyes smiled as she watched his cock arch slightly. "This little guy sure does let me know where your mind is. I think it's your ultimate truth detector." She chuckled and watched it grow ever larger, the bulbous head darkening as deoxygenated blood filled the soft terminal chamber and growing deliciously thick.

Bobby nodded, suppressing an equally humored smile unsuccessfully. He liked this woman. He liked her a lot and she seemed to be nothing like the tough, overbearing sister whom he had just been set free from.

"I need to go over some ground rules with you and I expect you to memorize them. When you get some free time I'll want them organized and written in a notebook that I'll keep in my bedroom. Whatever you write becomes law and if you aren't sure about something at some future time you can go to that book for clarification. During the days ahead I'll be adding more responsibilities as things come to mind but for now, I'll just touch on the essentials."

She stood and approached him, eyeing him curiously. "I've been wrestling with what position I want you in when I really want your attention. I know what my sister did but I'm not sure I want that. She stroked his cock several times while speaking. It only took 20 seconds to fully engorge. God, he was responsive! Purple veins ran in jagged paths over its surface and the large head darkened to a deep red as blood compressed into the confined spaces at its tip. Deb purred and then sunk to her knees, taking him quickly into her mouth. Her tongue found the terminal slit and probed its opening. It was large and she wondered how much volume it would release when she finally permitted him the treat to ejaculate.

Bobby looked skyward as if to thank God and then peered down at the super-model kneeling. She had it all. Supermodel, porn star, movie star, Miss America - she could be anything she wanted he thought. But at this moment she was his mistress and she wanted a cock to fill her luscious mouth. He knew his thoughts were a bit too risqué, for she was no porn star, nor would she ever be but she was all of the others and more.

The massive rod was way too big to swallow fully but she did her best, taking him until a gag forced her to retreat and release it from between her lips.

"This is fun," she said looking up.

She took him again, this time more gently and concentrated her attention to tongue-massaging the soft puffy vein on his underside. Stroking it while hoisting the hard appendage vertical to gain better access, she lapped at it like the long lollipop it was. A minute later she stood.

"Wipe my cheeks. I think I have some saliva on them," she ordered nonchalant. Turning first to the right and then to the left she let Bobby's fingers sweep away small amounts of wetness that had gathered on her face.

"Now present." He assumed the classic position he had spent so many hundreds of hours in with his last mistress. Deb stepped back, observed him and then moved to one side, then the other and then walked behind absorbing his posture from every angle.

"Put our hands to your side as if you are standing at attention." She observed again, this time circling him like a shark moving in for a kill. The click, click, click of her heels accentuated her dominance. Her sultry form moved around, inspecting him from all angles.

"I don't like that one," she said grabbing his shoulders from behind and pushing his ass forward.

"That looks even more ridiculous. Clasp your hands behind your head and push your cock out."

He obeyed and another walk around ensued. When she came behind Deb ran her hands over his thickly muscled shoulders and lats.

"Better. Hands on your head this time."

Bobby obeyed. The position felt more comfortable than the previous one. His thought was interrupted when she suddenly grabbed his shaft and pulled it toward her while simultaneously pushing his chest away. He arched still further almost losing his balance.

Debra smiled. Coming to his side she rubbed her knee up and down the back of one leg. Then she leaned against him she ran a hand up and over his ribs and pectorals while the other explored his expansive back. She felt him move.

"Spread your legs more Bobby. That's it, nice and wide." Her hands moved south, one stopping to grab his contracted glut and the other landing just above his pubis. She massaged the soft smooth skin causing him to let out a visceral groan.

"How do you staying so smooth?" She whispered.

"I use a hair removing solution. I've been doing it for a few months now."

"I like it. I'll make sure you always have a supply. Make sure you use it daily. You can write in your book I want you smooth at all times. The only exception is the hair on your head."

"What about my whiskers?"

"Is that on your head?" Her index finger moved in between his taut ass cheeks and probed the puckered surface of his ass.

"No Mistress." He gasped at the digital intrusion.

"Then I'm sure you can figure it out." Mistress broke free, much to Bobby's chagrin and stepped back.

"Add this rule too: Whenever you approach me you are to remain at ease in whatever position you want. However if I do this," she flicked her index finger upward, "you are to assume this position. I'll call this your present position for now."

"Yes Ma'am."

"Mistress," she corrected and then noticed his cockslit gleam as a large droplet of pre cum slowly formed.

Bobby smiled. "Yes Mistress. My mistake."

Debra ran a finger over the drop and shoved it into his mouth. Without pause she said, "If I do this," she flicked her index finger downward, "then I want you on your knees in this same position. Do it."

Bobby dropped, spreading his knees beyond shoulder width and arched his pelvis.

"You have such a nice ass Bobby Lewis." She tapped one cheek with the toe of her foot flirtatiously. "I am going to have such fun with you," she said coming around to look at him. "Is this position comfortable? You could be in it for some time, so be honest."

"It's not as comfortable as the one I was trained to be in previously but it's better than having my hands behind my head." His cock pulsated and then a long thin line of thick clear liquid fell in slow motion to the tile floor.

"I think you'll be able to manage. If not, I'll adjust it accordingly. Write these two positions down in your book. Call them Standing Present and Kneeling Present." She paused and then added, "I expect your writing to be neat and legible."

He nodded his understanding.

"OK the next topic is your dress. We'll get you clothes at some point but while at home, and this is home," she said spreading her hands and moving them around to indicate the house at large," I want you naked. After all I am your Mistress and I can be one horny bitch as I'm coming to realize. I don't know what it is about you but I can't seem to keep my hands off you."

"I like it."

"Good. Anyway I want access to you whenever I damn well please. However, there are times when I'll need you to go outside. When you do, I want you dressed. I'm thinking a jumpsuit of some type that you can slip in and out of quickly might serve you well."

"Will I be going outside?"

"Yes but mostly just to check the mail or pick up delivered package. Sometimes I may have you do some yardwork and I don't want the neighbors seeing you like this."

She had him stand and they walked toward the front door. In the hallway near the solid steel door was a wooden end-table and on it an antique brass lamp. "You can keep your outfit in here whenever I get it." She opened the door revealing the empty space where he was to put it. "Keep it folded and keep it out of sight. Are we clear on this?"

"Yes Mistress."

Grabbing his shaft again she pulled him through the hall and down the stairs and into her bedroom. "Make my bed. I'll be right back."

Bobby quickly yanked the fitted sheet tight in all corners, fluffed the top one and pulled it in place, making sure it was wrinkle free and square. Topping the bed with pillows, both sleeping and decorative he accented his work with a stuffed teddy bear he found lying on the floor.

When she returned a few seconds later she smiled when her eye fell on the small brown bear. "You're good! And like I said, you do have a creative side that I adore. Make sure you don't stop doing the little things. It's the little things that make a girl take notice. By now I think you can tell I like little surprises."

Bobby smiled. "I do."

"Well, here's my version of a decorative teddy bear. Call it my gift to you."

She tossed about twenty steel rings onto the bed. They landed heavily with a clang. Bobby noticed there were single, double, triple and even quadruple-stacked rings; the multiple layered ones apparently welded together. The individual ones reminded him of the large retaining ring that was part of his chastity cage. Both were steel and about the same quarter-inch stock. He had no idea what the purpose of the stacked ones was.

"I got this idea from Mariko," Deb said. "One night I had one of those déjà vu moments while brushing my teeth and I think I made her idea even better."

"What are they for?"

"Oh, you'll see in a second. I had to recruit the husband of a friend to get it to work. He's an engineer and he's the one who made my thought a reality." She held up a ring, "this is the fruition of my idea. Do you know what this is for?" She dangled it just a few inches in front of his nose."

"My guess is it's some type of cock bracelet."

"Good call." She grabbed of the largest double stacked pair and sat on the bed. Her eyes were larkish and Bobby knew she again felt completely comfortable with him in this somewhat sexual setting. Setting her sweet ass happily on the memory foams' surface she said, "I want this around your cock but we need to get it to shrink. Here," she gave the double-ring to him. "Put your balls through it and I'll work on getting your cock through the hoop." He took the surprising light steel band in his hand, examining it momentarily. The two spheres together made a shallow cylinder that together was about a half-inch tall. With a wince he slid one testicle through the center just as Deb bore down hard on his cockhead. Blood retreated back down the shaft and under her vice-like grip it slowly shriveled. Her grip was deceptively strong.

He worked the other testicle through the opening after which she fed his penis through what space remained. As soon as she had the steel in place at the base of his shaft she took the soft sensitive head in her mouth. Feeling it slowly lengthen Deb waffled her tongue around it until it reached its maximum length."

"Mmmm," she moaned and stroked him a few times until satisfied he was pretty hard.

"OK, let's take a look." She played with the ring, feeling for fit and purpose. "This one's too big in diameter. I didn't think I'd get it right on the first time." She slipped her ring finger between his cock and band to show him, "and we need more than the double stack. I think you can handle all four. Take it off."

While Bobby squeezed his penis and worked the ring off Deb found a thick cylinder of stacked rings. This one having four professionally welded bands. When Bobby handed her the one he just squeezed out of she held the two bands one beside the other and compared their size.

"Do you think this one will fit?" She asked holding for him to see, "or should I go one smaller? You can definitely handle the four-tiered stack. I'm just not sure about the diameter."

"Can we try that one? I'm afraid I won't be able to get into anything smaller."

"I want it to be a little tight when you get hard; not too tight but enough that it sits solidly."

"I think that one will. Want me to put it on?"

She tossed him the chunk of steel. This time he had more difficulty pulling the second testicle through since the cylinder was about an inch wide. The steel itself was also a little thicker than the previous one. He guessed it was 3/8" stock. The weight was surprisingly not a factor although to the naked eye it looked heavy. Bobby figured it was probably some type of tubular metal or maybe a lightweight alloy. After wrestling with his penis to the amusement of Mistress who lay back on her elbows giggling he fought to get his shaft through the congested tunnel before he got stiff. It took a bit of fiddling but on the third try he got the ring properly seated and everything in place.

"You didn't help matters," he said smiling coyly. "You are so sexy, even when you aren't trying."

"Who said I wasn't trying? I like that you can't help but stare at my tits. I was watching you." She glanced down, drawing his eye to her breasts. "Maybe tonight I'll let you touch them."

That was all he needed. His cock exploded, filling to its absolute maximum in almost no time.

Deb laughed hysterically at how quickly he bolted to full attention. "Look, you are even dripping!" I never knew a man could drip as much as you but I think it is the coolest thing. Come here. Let me taste."

"Neither did I, this has never happened before."

"Look at that little slit on your dick, it's open and oozing like there's going to be no tomorrow." She fingered a long viscous drip and plunged it between sexy puckered lips with a satisfying 'ahh,' sound.

"I'm sorry Mistress," Bobby said blushing at his inability to control the continuous slow drip.

"Sorry! What's there to be sorry about? I find the way your body responds so sexy. You're making me horny."

What she also felt was the satisfying feeling of knowing she could laugh with a man - and a naked one at that. She had let her mind be at ease in his presence and the feeling was so freeing. She couldn't remember the last time she felt this way. Sharon had been the only one in which she could completely let her guard down and simply be herself, at least when it came to talking about guys and sex. Maybe that's why they were such good friends. What she couldn't quite understand was why she was responding in a similar fashion with him.

"Wasn't it just yesterday when I had those paranoid feelings when Sis offered him to her?" She thought.

And she had, yet as soon as she had made up her mind to take him things started to settle. There was something about him that made her feel so full of life. It started when they were in the bedroom when he was packing to leave and had only gotten better since. Right now, well she felt entirely open and able to be herself without fear of his judgment or criticism or being attacked or molested or mistreated or - well everything felt good and right and normal. And to top it off, every compliment he made only reinforced her level of trust.

"Bobby Lewis, you do make me smile. I think you're going to end up being the best gift I've ever gotten."

"You think so?"

"I do but the jury is still out." She grinned and blew him a kiss.

"I hope the jury comes to a consensus soon."

"Oh it will, and before I forget, there's another thing I'm going to change. Make a note to remind me later today."

"What's that Mistress?"

"Your last name; I'm going to change it."

"Changed?"

"Yes, within a few more days you're going to be known around in these parts as Bobby Ashby. It's my intention to get to the courthouse and make it official as soon as possible."

She watched his eyes widen in surprise and then transition to an approving gleam.

"Since you're mine I want the State to recognize that. This will make it easier for me in the long run too. Remind me when we're though here to get a copy of your birth certificate sent here ASAP. I'll need to have it in hand when we go there."

"Yes Ma'... Mistress."

Deb resumed her examination, and this time looked approvingly at the bulky steel ring. "Is it comfortable for you my slave?"

"It is. It's tight but not painfully so."

"Ahh, and look what it does to your balls. See how it pushes them forward?"

Bobby didn't need to look; he could feel them lifted up and out from his body.

"I don't know if I like that look or not. I might like it more if I stretch them down by using a nice thick metal bracelet. I'll have to think about that and maybe make a change later. For now though this is what you will be wearing?"

"Whatever you say."

"I don't want this to ever come off - Ever!" her tone got suddenly serious. "Damn!" She said a moment later. "Take that thing off. I forgot something."

Ten minutes later he had the band off and refitted. This time there was a fifth ring sitting flat against his pelvis. It wrapped around his shaft and balls just like the others although he had no idea why he needed the single ring added. Deb didn't clue him in on why either; even when he asked. The process of getting things back where they belonged was even harder as the extra ring really made for a tight squeeze but Deb loved the look of his sac being stretched even tighter.

"Get dressed. I want to show you something."

He hurried into the nearby bedroom and returned shortly but she was gone.

"Mistress!" He called but there was no answer.

Eventually he found her waiting by the front door. When he came she flicked her index finger upward and he immediately assumed the present position. She stood staring, her lips pressed into a thin line and her countenance somber. Bobby stood with his arms clasped overhead and hips extended. He looked at his new mistress with a bit of trepidation. Their eyes locked. His cock responded and instinctively grew. She was the first to lose it. It was unavoidable. How could she ever discount this secret weapon as the one sure way to soften any blow she'd deliver?

"OK, so the big man likes what he sees. He's told me that about twenty times already. You would think he'd realize by now I got the point."

Bobby smiled doing his best to stifle a snicker. "What can I say, he likes you," he said making his cock bounce and bringing her smile out even more beautifully.

She grabbed his monster and gripped it. "On a more serious matter," she began, "I can't have you running around calling my name when you can't find me. The next time you can't find me you keep your mouth shut and look for me. If you still can't find me, check the garage for my car. If it's there it's because I'm most likely in my office and if that's the case, your question will have to wait. The only exception to this rule is if an emergency arises. An emergency meaning, you being hurt or ill to the point that you can't help yourself or there is something seriously wrong with the house or property and I need to be made aware of it immediately."

Bobby nodded feeling guilty for his behavior but was pleased she hadn't gone off the deep end at his infraction.

"Do we understand one another?"

"Yes Mistress but can I ask you a question."

"What is it?"

"If there are others here, do you want me to dress or stay out of sight?"

"Any business guests will be entering through the side entrance just behind the garage. As you saw last evening the office and waiting area is isolated from the rest of the house so there is no need to worry of you being naked while I'm meeting with them. In the case of guests, I expect you to follow my lead. If I want you dressed I'll let you know. If I say nothing, then, I guess my friends will see more of you than they will of most men." She smiled seeming to enjoy making him feel a little unsettled at what she might do at some future time. "Make sure you write all this down. Now come. I want to show you something."

She headed out the front door and down the driveway. Together they strolled easily down the shaded lane toward Skyline drive, the country road off of which they resided.

"I want you to know where the property boundaries are since one of your restrictions is staying within these premises." Once they reached the road they walked along the grassy lane that ran parallel to the road. Stopping a few hundred yards to the north Deb pointed to a huge pine that roughly marked one corner of her property.

"You don't want to go beyond there and that's an easy landmark to see."

Reversing directions they retraced their steps and headed south. The other roadside corner was about equidistant from the driveway which appeared to bisect the property. However there was no obvious marking other than a nondescript grove of trees similar to others they already passed. He was a bit concerned at being able to remember this landmark so he stood staring at it for several seconds. Even though he had no intention of sneaking off he didn't want to go where he was forbidden and unintentionally violate her trust. When he was certain he could spot this boundary, he turned to join her but she was already well ahead and heading downhill. Running to catch up, he did so partway down to the lake. Once together they negotiated the rather steep slope of the hillside that eventually ended at the shoreline. Mistress found the third marker, an orange painted shaft of rebar. After turning right they walked parallel to the lake. Bobby caught glimpses of it some distance away. Deb explained the State owned a hundred yard swath around the entire lake which kept construction away from shore and preserved its natural state.

"There really is no reason to go down here anyway as the brush is pretty thick," she said plunging through wild blueberry bushes, "but I wanted you to be aware all the same."

"I'm not going to go anywhere you don't want me," he assured her again.

Grabbing his arm she stopped. "Stay there!" He paused while she made walked further down the slope. When she was some thirty away she turned and called back.

"Come on down Bobby."

Puzzled why she had told him to stay and then come a few seconds later he shrugged and then begain moving. Pushing a tree branch out of the way here and scooting around a scrub pine there he got to within some twenty feet. All of a sudden he crumbled to the ground, doubled over in pain.

"Oh my God!! Oh, Go-od!" He cried.

Deb watched his body literally shake in spasm as he lay gripping his crotch from a fetal position. A few seconds later he struggled to retreat up the hill crawling and continuing to spew forth profanities. When the pain stopped he collapsed unmoving on the forest floor. Deb hurried to his side.

"Are you alright?" she asked.

"Oh my gosh; that hurt Mistress."

"Are you OK?" She asked again, her voice conveying the obvious concern she had for his well-being.

Tears ran down his cheeks. He inched further up the hillside as if terrified by what lay nearby even though he felt no more pain. Instinct drove him away from whatever it was that had attacked his senses.

"I don't know. I felt like I got hit with a bolt of electricity - like I got hit with a hundred successive bolts. I think it burnt my skin!"

"I'm sorry I had to do this but I needed you to feel firsthand the ramifications of disobeying the boundary requirement." She knelt and wiped a smudge of dirt off his face and slowly helped him to his feet. He stood but remained somewhat bent with both hands still clutching his groin.

"What was that?" He asked warily.

"That was the idea I was telling you about. The one I came up with," she said quietly and still very much concerned about the wellbeing of her submissive. "I knew at some point I was going to get a man and I wanted to make sure I could control him. So I came up with what you felt."

"I don't know that I've ever felt anything so excruciating. I thought my cock was going to catch fire."

"Well, it didn't burn you but I know what you mean. It's going to hurt for a while too."

"OK, but how did you do this?"

"It's not much difference than what a dog feels when they near an invisible pet fence. There is an underground cable running around the perimeter of the property that's charged. Embedded within the four steel rings you're wearing is a lithium battery; a very powerful lithium battery, along with a bunch of capacitors. As long as you stay away from the buried wire you will be fine. If you get too close the capacitors will suddenly charge and then discharge and, well," she covered her mouth and tried to suppress a giggle, "you get what you just got; a pretty substantial jolt."

"I have no idea what the hell a capacitor is but I can assure you I never ever want to feel that again."

"I didn't think you would. Actually the system is designed so that each subsequent pulse gets stronger than the one before. So if you really want to explore that masochistic side you can test your limits." She couldn't help but crack a smile as she observed him processing the predicament of his genital confinement.

"I don't mind necessary pain if there is a purpose behind it but trust me, I won't be playing chicken with any kind of electricity wrapped around my balls. You can be certain of that."

They both broke into a hearty laugh. Deb sat next to him on a nearby rock and slid an arm inside his and squeezed his bicep. It felt good. He felt good. She was thinking more and more that he was indeed just what she needed. She had been given one nice man when she had volunteered to take him off her sisters' hand.

After a time of silence Deb added, "You also need to understand that if you try to take the cylinder off the same thing will happen."

Bobby suddenly looked at her with interest.

She went on, "If the larger ring ever separates by more than a quarter inch or so from the single ring the same thing is going to happen. Please don't try to remove it off without my assistance. As you saw, you didn't get a shock while you were being fitted and there was a reason for that. That secret however will have to remain mine alone. Sorry," she added, "but some things I simply cannot tell; especially since you're my slave."

Bobby saw her smile. In turn he made a mental note and gained a newfound respect for the auburn beauty. "Fun, sexy, beautiful beyond description, organized, confident, playful, sexually charged, and now," he tried to put words to how he'd describe this aspect of her character". Possessive? Sadistic?" he questioned, were probably only some of the many facets of Mistress Debra.

"Now carry me back to the house. We have much more to do."

He scooped her up with little effort and she gently wrapped an arm around his neck, laying her head against his meaty shoulder. Together they made their way up and around to the front door chatting and laughing about the planned jolt to his groin. Once inside he let her down. Deb walked purposefully into the kitchen. Bobby started to follow but stopped thinking he should undress as she had instructed him earlier. When he turned around and stood naked, she was some distance away, watching him with folded arms. Her inscrutable face slowly transformed into a proud smile.

"I was hoping you'd make the right choice. Closing the distance quickly Deb squatted and lightly bit down onto his cock. The floppy schlong twitched, swelled and came to the attention she loved seeing. "That's better," she said sticking a long fingernail into the cockslit and making him squirm with discomfort. "You're fun to play with. I never thought I'd enjoy hurting a man but I love to needle you right there," she said slipping the nail in his mouth again. Giggling she stood, firmly grasped his shaft and pulled him into the kitchen.

"This is where you will be spending a fair amount of time so let's get you up to speed."

Deb then explained how she wanted the kitchen kept beginning with the reasons for having two ovens and refrigerators. Opening every cabinet so he could see where the everyday flat and glassware was stored she showed him where the expensive party-ware, as she called it was to be kept. Pots and pans were stored here, larger cooking utensils there, mixers, blenders, toasters, coffee makers, coffee grinders and other small appliances all had their place and Debra expected everything to remain precisely in those specified locations as their relationship moved forward. Additionally she had her particulars regarding how and when surfaces were maintained. Stainless steel was cleaned differently than countertops, which were sanitized differently than wood cabinets which differed from granite. She gave him specific instructions for every possible surface including those most likely to fall prey to dirt and scum - the floors and sinks. There was the assumed expectation Bobby would commit every nuance to running a clean an efficient kitchen to memory and eventually record it all in an organized fashion in his Rules' book.

"Now to make all this easier you can use this. Come on over here so you can see."

In one of the small utensil drawers was an iPad. Opening it he saw a blank blue screen containing but one lone app which made him grin. "She was such the control freak," he thought. Her attention to detail reminded him of Mistress Sharon but the way she went about controlling and keeping things organized were virtually opposite. Sharon maintained control by instilling fear and using other overt forms of control - in particular, the use of cables to force him into stooped, hyperextended or other constrained positions. And then there were the beatings and the hours spent strapped to the wooden cross. So far, Deb hadn't indicated any desire to follow suit and nowhere in her home was there any contraption like what Sharon had. Instead of treating him like some captured prisoner Deb opted to instruct as an employer teaching a new employee the ropes. With the exception of the unbearable pain when he crossed the property line she seemed opposed to using negative reinforcement as a motivator; something he was coming to appreciate quickly.

She tapped the screen and a spreadsheet of sorts opened. Bobby examined it closely and soon understood its purpose.

"I'll have you start working with this in the next day or so, but let's assume it is Tuesday of next week." She tapped the date on the calendar and a dialog box opened with several tabs displayed at the bottom.

"Here, open the kitchen tab."

He did and another box flashed open in front of the previous one. On Tuesday the fridge, counter and dishwasher are to be cleaned and a menu needed to be built for the following week. His fingers moved down and touched the tab marked 'mistress bedroom'. "Change and wash sheets, vacuum floor, arrange shoes, clean toilet, scrub shower and tub."

On and on the list went for each room. Some had several tasks, others none but her system was extensive, thorough and complete.

Deb interrupted his exploring. "It looks like you have the hang of it. It's pretty simple. I'll add more if I realized I've forgotten something. I need you to march each completed task with an 'x' or write a comment if you can't get it done. Make sure you explain why if that ever happens. Write whatever you want. I just want to be able to see what was or wasn't finished." She smiled. "See, we each have our work cut out for us." He heard her snicker at the irony of her words. "Come," she said, "I have these iPads all over the house. Let me show you where I keep them."

There was one in each bedroom nightstand, another in the drawer beneath the sound system amplifier in the exercise room, and still another in the bookshelf in the living area. Every pad was hidden. No one would ever even think to look where she had each stored them and even if they did the file was password protected and could only be opened by the two of them.

"You are a thorough woman," Bobby said admirably.

"And I expect you to be the same. I keep a clean place and you have nothing with which to fill your day except to maintain our home the way it is now. I know you will do a spectacular job. And if you don't well, I'll do my best to motivate you." She tapped on the steel constraints of his semi erect cock.

Bobby understood. He comprehended all too well what she was capable of but she had also used the word 'our'. She had referred to this extravagant mansion as 'our home'. Did she really intend to make him a dual recipient of this property? It didn't seem fair. It wasn't fair. It couldn't be. After all, he had done nothing to be given such extravagance. He was here to serve, not take. Why would she even say such things? He filed her words away wondering if he would have the courage to ask about this at some later time.

Mistress pulled her phone from her pocket. "Here's another item you should be aware of. Go in another room. It doesn't matter which one." She waved him off as if brushing away a pesky insect. He did and almost immediately heard her voice, "Bobby, come to the kitchen and present."

The voice emanated from somewhere in the room although he couldn't tell from exactly where. It was the oddest feeling. It sounded as if she was right here although he knew she wasn't. He left and headed back to the kitchen and stood with hands on head and hips thrust forward. His manhood, which had been flopping against his thighs while walking, grew stiffer once he set himself in the proper stance. By the time Mistress came into view it had pretty much finished growing. He was amazed at the effectiveness of the rings in keeping him hard. The slightest erotic stimuli caused blood to flow into his cock and stay there. The ringsIt stayed that way partly because the steel ring hindered any blood from draining. The cylindrical rings created a bit of positive feedback loop; the hornier he got, the harder he stayed. And it felt good being hard, especially knowing how much she enjoyed seeing his penis sticking out and up. As if it was peeking at her fabulous beauty.

"Very nice," she said not indicating if it was his quick response, his positioning or the stature of his cock she was pleased with.

"I like that little feature, don't you? No matter where you are my little phone can page you. Just remember how you are to go about finding me - always in silence. Don't you ever forget that."

Bobby looked directly at her. When she caught his gaze she softened and approached him draping an arm around either side of his neck and clasping her fingers together.

"Now I know why my sister enjoyed having you around so much. I had all these little things that needed looking after and now I have you to take care of each and every one."

He watched her smile. She was so damn gorgeous. Everything about her made him feel like softened butter. "Didn't you hire a maid service to take care of everything?"

"I did but I let them go the other day. Actually I did that on the way back when we were on the plane. I told them I hired a new maid. A better looking one too," she grinned. "I'm looking at him now." Tilting her head slightly she gave him one of those heart-stopping grins.

Bobby sighed. Every muscle in his body wanted to envelop this lady and draw her as close as he could. His loins ached to please and his cock throbbed, almost painfully as the trapped blood made the pressure inside his shaft grow ever higher. He knew he was probably leaking but couldn't look to see; and he didn't want to look. He couldn't break himself from the trance of her lure.

Leaning in closer she squealed. "Ouch!" Her stomach met the protruding extremity. "That little man sure is happy today. Maybe he's excited as I am thinking about all the things I'm going to have you do for me. What do you think, Bobby Ashby?" She giggled thinking about his new name.

"Bobby Ashby thinks you are so gorgeous. He wants to take you into the bedroom and show you how he can really satisfy you."

"Mmmm," she hummed. "With this thing?" She grabbed his cock with one hand feeling its warmth and girth. Her hand slid over its entirety. Only then did she aim it toward his face. It was wet with precum.

Bobby stuck out his tongue, wiggled it around and pulled it back in inside. "No, with this thing," he paused before adding, "on second thought either would work."

"Mmmm, mmmm!" she hummed amused. "Why don't you enjoy a snack of your making instead? Lick my hand." He did and she felt his tongue lap against the flat of her palm and wander around between the bases of her fingers. It was Deb who felt the stir of lust now growing down somewhere below her tummy. Mixed with that desire was an inkling of fear and hesitancy although it was less evident than last night. She considered the offer before answering.

"Slave Bobby," she draped her hands back over his neck and drew her body tight against his. His arms still remained on his head and his shaft stood vertically, sandwiched between their compressed torsos. "I haven't finished going over things with you. How about I forgo explaining how I want the next room done and give you a couple of more limitations for you to consider beside the property boundary one?"

"OK. I'm listening," he responded in a whispered voice.

She kissed him softly on the lips. It was a short kiss but one in which they both felt. The touch made them both yearn for more but Deb fought the urge and broke away.

"I'm not going to give you a phone so you won't have any way of connecting with the outside world," she began. "I'm also not going to give you my computer passwords so you won't have access to the web, email or any other electronically accessible site. The only smart devices you will have use of are the iPads but they had their wired ports disabled so they only work internally and my wireless is the only one it can access and it's password protected. As you know, I only have one car and I only keep one key with me. It will be in my purse but that is off limits to you. So is the car." She watched him swallow hard. "You are not to enter my office without me inviting you. And as I indicated earlier, you are never to take the steel rings off or wear clothes unless you leave the house to fetch something and you are only to do that when I tell you."

Why all the restrictions?"

"The electronic ones?"

"Yea."

"Because I don't want you being tempted. If I become your entire world then you won't need to think about anyone else. I'm being selfish, I know that, but it's how I want it. How I want you."

"OK but I keep telling you I'm not going anywhere. I don't want to go anywhere."

"My husband told me he loved me but look what he did. Talk is cheap Bobby. I need to be this possessive. It's something you're going to have to deal with."

"I'll deal with it just fine."

"Well then, I think that's about it on the restrictions." She took a deep breath and then added, "So, on that note, how about you fix us a light lunch and then I think I'll take you up on that offer of yours."

"Which offer?"

She kissed him again on the lips. "The one inside there." She pointed to his mouth after breaking free of his lips. Placing a hand on either side of his waist she said, "Fix me a small garden salad with Ranch dressing and pour a glass of wine for the two of us. Serve it at the breakfast table. That will make me very happy, my slave. Now go get things ready."

She released her grip and watched him stand unmoving, apparently dumbfounded at her words. Quickly regaining composure he turned with a smile and shake of his head and hurried into the kitchen with Debra watching his stiff cock bob from side to side. Oh how she loved that thing! It was such a nice size and not a hair too small. She realized she liked big cocks, something her ex didn't have and wondered why on earth her sister hadn't enjoyed his while he was with her.

As Deb contemplated the joys of long thick cocks, Bobby hurriedly compiled the ingredients on the island counter and began assembling the salad while his heart raced. He could feel the pounding in his chest as adrenaline surged through every vein in his being. "Had the time actually arrived? Was she really going to let him? Would he really have the privilege, and it was indeed a privilege, to lick this almost-Miss Oklahoma pussy?" So many thoughts pulsed through his mind has he diced carrots and cucumbers while desperately trying to stay focused so as to not cut a finger. After what seemed like a half-hour, but was more like eight minutes, he walked with a tray in hand carrying plates, utensils, food and wine.

Debra smiled. "I want this added as another requirement of yours," she said pointing to the food items and admiring the about-to-explode erection that dripped incessantly.

"What is that Mistress?"

"I want you to bring food to the table using a platter. It makes you look more like a servant and I want to convey that image to any friends I entertain. You know you will be the only one using this kitchen so anytime I have company, you'll be the one catering us. Didn't I mention that to you earlier today?"

"No you didn't Mistress," he said setting the items down and fixing her plate. "But I figured I'd be cooking for you and not you for me."

"Well, let's be official," she said grabbing his schlong.

Wrapping her delicate fingers around his cucumber was a habit she seemed to do often and one she appeared to like doing. The feel of her hand firmly gripping him made him inwardly smile although he had to admit, it was an effective tool in getting his attention too, and one much less painful than his previous mistress' use of the cable.

"Bobby Ashby," the grin all too apparent, "Any time I have a need for food or drink you will fetch it for me promptly. If you see me standing at the sink, ask me if I want a glass of ice water. Don't expect me to do it myself when you can do it for me; even if it is something as simple as that. You'll be taking care of everything that has to do with food." She stopped and kissed his manhood. With a smile and a lick of her upper lip she added, while letting the hot warm shaft press against side of her face, "Well, for that matter, you will be taking care of everything that has to do with me," she grinned pleasingly. "You will also be cleaning up every mess that you or I make too." She gazed into his attentive eyes taking in his muscled body, "Which is why I spent so much time earlier today going over where everything is to be kept."

"As you wish. I figured as much."

"That's what I wish. Now sit down and join me."

He did and before he was able to load his plate with mixed greens she pulled his placemat a little closer. It made him chuckle.

"What. Don't you want to sit close to me? I thought you said I was one hot tamale that you couldn't stop lusting over."

"Not at all. I like being close to you. It makes me feel wanted and you really are one very, very hot tamale." He beamed, expressing his happiness.

"Oh Bobby," she said reaching under the table and digging her sharp nails into his muscled thigh, "I like having you around here more than you know. I can't wait to enjoy your services around here the way my sister did for almost all of last year. The more I think about it the happier it makes me. Having you here makes me realize just how lonely I've been. The place is too big and well, I've been too scared to explore the possibilities with another man. It's nice having you though," she patted his leg again. "I want you to know that."

Bobby smiled back with a crooked grin and one eyebrow raised. He could tell he was up to something.

"What are you thinking? I want you to know."

"Really?" He asked.

"Of course. Now tell me."

"It has nothing to do with food."

"That's OK."

"It's more a thought about you being a hot tamale."

She laughed and munched on her salad. "That's OK too. What were you thinking?"

"What are your measurements? I mean your sizes." He stuttered. "Your numbers I mean," he said blushing four different shades of red.

"Why do you want to know that?"

"You wanted to know what I was thinking and so I told you," he answered.

"Well, now I want to know why you wanted to know my measurements."

"Because you look like a real Barbie doll and I was curious," his countenance turned an even darker shade of blush.

Debra cupped her hands under her perfect breasts, "Nice and big. Maybe even really big," she said biting her tongue seductively and smiling. She then moved her hands to her waist, "Nice and small; actually really small." She watched his cock pulse with excitement and then slid her hands slowly and gracefully down to her hips, "and just right," she concluded. She sat with perfect posture and pushed her chest forward ever so slightly while beaming approvingly at way she had answered his question. Seeming satisfied with her coy response she asked, "Are those numbers good enough to appease that curiosity of yours, my slave?"

"They're perfect." He forked in a mouthful of lettuce and tomato and chewed while ruminating on those three numbers. "Could she be any more perfect?" He couldn't imagine anyone being more flawless. "Could things get any better than this?"

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 03
byKatiekatsman©

By the time Bobby had cleaned the table and returned the kitchen back to its immaculate state he went eagerly in search of his new mistress. Finding her seated in the living area, her chair positioned so she could look out over the lake she intently perused through a woman's magazine. What struck him now was how thin her waist and slim torso was and how they contrasted so beautifully with the profound mounds of breasts. Whenever he walked behind she loved watching her move, and who wouldn't? She had that slender-strong build with the sweetest ass he'd ever seen. And from the front she looked even better; two sumptuous mounds, long legs, and a sweet as and a curvatious frame were indeed something to behold. He knew her tits must be firm and he could only imagine how luscious she'd look wearing only panties.

Bobby always considered himself a breast guy. But not just breasts for he loved pussy and ass too. But whenever he looked at her from the side, she nearly took his breath away every time he viewed her profile. Her breasts had to be D-cupped orbs although the possibly they were double D wasn't beyond the realm of possibility. Indeed mistress had some sweet looking tits. He hadn't yet laid a hand on them but he had felt them press against him and could tell then they were firm and full. Although she didn't have gigantic tits, his mind thinking of full-figured women who had mounds three or four times the size of hers, it was the juxtaposition of waist to bust that made them so stunning. If she had anything larger than a 23" waist he'd be floored; just as he'd be if she was anything less than a 34 D up top. And the way she carried herself; that perfect posture with shoulders back and back straight, the straightness of her neck, her fantastic muscle definition, the way she moved; the strength of her slim athletic body – God, it all added up to the making of one fine – sweet – vivacious – and very wealthy woman who he now loved; and who know owned him.

Bobby didn't know what to do after cleaning the kitchen so he decided to stand kind of near, kind of behind, kind of out-of sight, kind of in-sight, waiting. Deb made no move for some while and only after she had gone through every page of the magazine that Bobby thought must have been 300 pages long, did she look over her shoulder.

"You know you can sit down and relax if you want. I mean, this is your home now. Well, it isn't really yours, but you know what I mean."

"I wasn't sure if you had other plans. That's all."

Deb maintained an inscrutable expression although even then, she still looked utterly gorgeous. "No, I'm just enjoying a beautiful day after having a tasty lunch. Have you noticed the water skiers out on the lake?" She half motioned with a turn of her head to the water off in the distance. Standing she walked over to the massive nine-foot tall windows.

"Honestly I haven't." He came next to her and peered out, not really caring much about watching the skiers trailing behind expensive power boats and making small contrails on the lakes' surface. His mind was far removed although wetness and contrails sure would be nice marks to make on the right surface. Eagle Mountain Lake just wasn't one of them. At least right now it wasn't. He was thinking about other surfaces – her surfaces.

"Do you ski?" She asked interrupting his revere.

"Uh huh."

"Did you mean, Yes Mistress?"

Bobby flushed red. "I'm sorry. I'm distracted. I should have answered you properly."

"Yes you should have," she replied, her voice rising in inflection. "No go ahead."

"Go ahead? You lost me."

"Say it!"

"Oh," I'm so sorry." He dropped to his knees and knelt at her feet, kissing the tops of both ankles and feet. Debra nearly jumped in surprise but stepped back out of the way before he could touch her.

"What are you trying to do, Robert?!"

"I'm sorry I didn't address you properly. I felt I needed to pay homage to your feet as penance. I don't know why. I just did."

"Stand up!"

He did.

"Present!"

Bobby assumed the position and looked into the brown eyes that caused so many heads to turn. Debra stared back watching the flush on his face deepen and sighed.

"Look. If I correct you for something small like this, just right-the-ship so we can move on. There is no need to dote all over my feet simply because you forgot to respond the way I told you. I mean, I know you've done it right a hundred times before. You can worship my feet later but now is not the time.

"Yes Mistress," he whispered guiltily.

"What if you said 'uh-huh' when I had company and I corrected you? Would you drop to the floor and make a scene like that in public?"

"Probably not."

"You mean absolutely not! There is no way in hell, pardon my French," she added, "that I ever want you drawing unnecessary attention, especially like that. If I want attention, I'll give you a good reason to give it and in that instance you better – no matter who is with us or watching. But, until that day comes, you do the sensible thing and just get fix it."

She looked down at his limp cock. Most of the life had left the floppy sausage. She giggled sympathetically at it. "What a pathetic pair you two are. When one is happy so is the other. When one is sad, then the other toddles along right behind. It's only right you two were joined at the groin!" She cupped his floppy cock and flung it upward – hard enough that it slapped against his stomach. As soon as it fell back she repeated the cupping and flinging sequence; laughing even harder with each successive toss. Bobby dropped the 'I'm so unworthy' attitude and cracked a smile. When she had tossed his meat against his abs several times it finally responded – twitching and then to her delight she watched it swell. Playing the ricochet game a little longer things really kicked into gear.

"That's my boy!" Deb cheered. "Come on. Get it up, little guy!" She flipped it again. This time it barely hit his abs and didn't fall nearly as far.

"He does like you," Bobby said coltishly.

"Geese Bobby, I think I might be on to something!" She flung it harder still but this time it didn't barely moved. When it stopped bobbing it looked directly at her hips and then swelled even further until it arched up some thirty degrees above the horizontal. The freaking thing was rockish hard! "I do believe I need to measure that thing. Don't move Baby. Just keep it hard for me."

She returned with a cloth tape flowing behind, plopped to her knees and swallowed him in one swift motion. Running one hand lustily over his abs and chest she jacked away at his cock with the other. Bobby momentarily had thoughts that this must be what heaven feels like. His cock swelled almost painfully. It was so hard. He felt Mistress's squeeze but her fingers made little, to no impression. Not even one more droplet of blood would be going into that thing any time soon.

Satisfied he was as big as he was going to get, she wrapped the tape around the middle of his penis and read, "Five and five eighths inches."

Sliding the cloth toward the tip she measured again just proximal to the coronal ridge separating the shaft and head and read aloud, "five and five eighths inches again. Let's see what your head is. That's a little bigger."

"Mmmm, I think that it's almost six but I can't get the tape to stay. Here, put your finger here and hold it. Yep. It's six even."

She efficiently moved to one side, taking in the cock's profile and squatted, "Stay still. I want to see how long this big boy is."

Placing one end at the base and barely pressing into the flesh where it joined his pubis she stretched it, letting it slide through her fingers until she aligned her eye with the tip of his head and read enthusiastically, "Eight and one quarter inches!" Hey I knew you were way above the five and a half inch average. You have about three more inches of manly cock than the average pecker!" She giggled once more at the unintended pun.

Bobby laughed aloud. "As long as you like it, I'm happy," he said modestly.

"Happy! Bobby, I'm ecstatic! I love this thing. I can't believe Sharon kept it locked all the time. What's that cage like two inches long?"

"You are dead on. It was exactly two inches."

"Well this mistress has no intention of letting your best part go to waste." And with that remark she grabbed his steel pole and pulled him purposefully down the stairs, through the hallway and into the mistress bedroom.

"Finally!" Bobby thought. His chest pounded. The time had come! He felt like his heart was about to explode. Each step down the stairs and through the hallway brought him a step closer to her naked body! "Yes," he thought, "this is what heaven must be like!"

...

"Get on the bed. On your back. I'm going to mount you and you are going to lie perfectly still. You are not permitted to cum under any circumstances while I fuck you."

He knew what was coming next and she didn't disappoint?"

"Understood?"

He grinned. "Yes Mistress. I'll do my best."

Deb stood over him, straddling his hips and slipped her top up and over her head. Bobby inhaled sharply. Her thin strong waist and mint green bra popped into view. His cock pulsed. He could feel the pressure of his erection feeling. Unclasping the bra it fell free and her lovely breasts burst into view. Perky upturned nipples sitting atop perfectly shaped voluptuous breasts hung high on her chest. There was almost no droop – just sheer beauty. She looked magnificent.

Looking up from his vantage point her mounds projected outward, sitting on a thin torso and delicate ribs. Mistress bent over, her tits assumed a conical shape. Looking down into his eyes she pulled her shorts and panties off in one proficient motion. She straddled his hips again. Her pussy lips were full and puffy, like some tropical flower ready to open in blossom in spring. Bobby could see the moisture from her wetness. She was horny and he imagined she was just as excited as he was at the thought of mounting him for the first time.

"You're so beautiful," he said softly.

"I won't disagree with you," she said smiling. Just then a single drop of her nectar slipped free from her crevice and landed on his abdomen.

"I guess I drip too when I'm horny." Her voice was soft and luscious. "And I'm going to take all of you, my slave."

She knelt slowly and deliberately positioning her shaved mound over his balls letting his cock jut upward like some medieval sword. Reverently she pressed the thick shaft against her tummy and then closed both fists around it. They failed to hide all of him from view. He was just that big.

"My slave has a splendid cock." She cooed and milked it slowly encouraging a long stream of clear fluid to exit the large slit and wander down and over her hand.

Bobby lay in la-la land. She was such a goddess; perfectly created and about to claim him as her prize possession. He only hoped he was up for the task. There was nothing lacking; nothing at all. He watched as she slowly lifted her hips until his spear pointed directly at her tunnel. It had been more than ten years since she had done this but her past wasn't a factor now. Her issues, her apprehensions, her reservations, nothing mattered. Feeling completely overwhelmed with desire she sunk slowly amidst a gasp of unbridled pleasure. Bobby watched her puffy outer lips part and then stretch wide. Only then did the delicate inner ones latch on to him, conforming perfectly and swallow him. She sank down in stages. First only the bulbous head entered. Then another inch or two vanished. When he was over halfway inside she closed her eyes and fell on him fully with a shudder and gasp. Sinking until she could take no more she rested. Her back arched gloriously as if to present her tits to him. Only the steel collar remained visible. She sat arching, her tits pushed forward, her tummy sucked inward to reveal lean ribs and an even smaller stomach. There was no fat on her body other than where God intended it to be. And those fantastic breasts were topped with pebbled nipples. She drew her stomach in again and arched, grinding her hips in small erotic circles.

She knew he was staring at her hefty tits and knew they satisfied every bit of his imagination. She knew she was beautiful and loved that he thought so. More than anything she wanted him to view her as pleasing. Despite her rise to prominence as a beauty queen there was still a bit of insecurity. When she saw his eyes and saw the obvious lust she grinned.

"I'm glad you like my body."

"Oh Mistress, you're beyond beautiful."

"Thank you," she groaned. "So are you."

"You're so beautiful," he said again.

"I'm going to take you, my slave," she whispered. "Lay still and let me enjoy this. You belong to me now."

"Yes Mistress. Enjoy me. Do whatever you want." He felt the pressure of her muscles contracting around him. She was so tight; much tighter than any woman he had ever been with. The feelings generated were almost overwhelming and she had barely begun to move. Vaginal muscles milked him as if they had a mind of their own. She rose and sank, this time cooing with pleasure. Rising again she fell more quickly, her tight cunt squeezing and massaging her slave's cock expertly with each rise and fall.

She hadn't ever mounted a man. Never in all her years. Growing up with conservative values she had always assumed the woman had to be on the bottom in the classic missionary position so the man could move on her until he came. The fact she had been one of the prettiest girls as far back as she could remember didn't matter. When she married she perpetuated those same values and after being raped, well, that was the last time she ever had done it. However, since learning of the ways of a mistress from Mariko, she had considered the 'what ifs' and the 'what if I'm in control' and the 'what if I get to decide how to make love' from this position. Considering it all, she knew she had to start things off right and determined this would be her position of choice; and it felt so good sitting on him. Indeed it was. She rejoiced at the feel of her mount the feel of his knob sunk inside.

She lifted, and then looked at the glistening post vaulting upward, its terminus hidden somewhere with the inner folds of her sex. Seeing her juices coating his skin with that translucent sheen drove her on. He was so hers! She could feel it. She had a slave and a fucking stud of a slave at that! Relishing in the sight of his chest heaving and listening to the guttural groans of pleasure she continued her assault. Delighting in seeing his eyes take in her body lustfully, knowing she hadn't given him permission to touch what he wanted so bad felt good. Feeling powerful for the first time invigorated her. She hadn't even given him permission to stroke her legs or arms let alone the breasts she knew he ached to squeeze. No, this time was for her even though she could see the surges of pleasure exploding in tiny micro-bursts in his eyes with every movement she made on his most sensitive organ. After oscillating on his club slowly for some minutes she quickened her pace and as she did Bobby's breath accelerated in near perfect rhythm. She rode this animal; wanting this to last for many more minutes.

"I'm just getting started with you, slave. You feel so good!"

She heard him grunt as she pounded away on his massive shaft. Resting her hands on the tops of his thighs and arching back she heaved her tits heavenward. Rocking her pelvis against the sensitive underbelly of his cock felt so good. The added pressure suddenly brought about the audible sounds of ragged breathing and gasps from her slave beneath. She felt him squirm; she heard him grunt in short quick breaths and then she felt his body stiffen as he arched and tensed in one holistic bodily spasm. She felt it before she could say anything. Warm cream filled her channel.

"You bastard!" she cried out. "I told you not to cum!"

He grunted again, thrusting and shooting more of his juice inside her tight muscular vagina.

As soon he relaxed she pulled herself free and almost jumped on his mouth. "Eat what you shot inside me. Damn you! You had no right to do this without asking!" she hissed.

He heard and felt the disappointment and anger in her tone but he couldn't stop the inevitable. He had tried; tried as hard as he could but failed miserably. She was simply too tight, too erotic, too something and there was no stopping the inevitable. Lying open-mouthed with his tongue extended he gathered the gobs of the thick creamy milk passively exiting her flower into his mouth.

"Lick me slave. At least let me cum with your tongue if you won't have the patience to let me cum the way I wanted!"

Her words cut to the heart of who he hated being; an unreliable slave. He thought back to the time when he couldn't satisfy Mistress Sharon or some of the others during the early stages of his training while under Kamelah's tutelage. He remembered trying his best to bring those women to an orgasm but to no avail. Those same feelings of inadequacy flooded his mind and he felt horrible. Eating his cream was only right. He deserved this and she deserved better. Pushing the emotions of guilt and shame aside he did his best to find his zone; to find their zone. He knew he could although he needed to relax and not approach her with an underlying storm of anxiety to hamper his ability to do so. He was good; he knew that. To that end, that force superseded all others. Within a few seconds he felt it and then he was there. She responded on cue and from then on he worked his magic in ways she had never thought possible.

Debra felt it. There was something in the way it stroked, the way he used his tongue, his lips, his nose, his chin – every part of him that touched her. It all came together in some orchestrated overture that felt inconceivably erotic. She started moving on him; moving over him; raking his face at times and at others remaining perfectly still. In turn, he accommodated her as if she was a part of him moving in harmony to every thrust, grind, buck and hump. Soon it was Mistress who was panting; it was Mistress who was gasping, uttering indecipherable grunts and groans of delight. It was she who was gasping while in the throes of passion; it was Mistress who bore down on his face and fucked him with an animalistic passion; it was Mistress who fisted his hair and dug nails into the skin on the back of his head and neck as she came to one glorious orgasm that fed the next and the one after.

When Debra came she cried with the most uninhibited scream of passion and one he had ever before heard. He had brought hundreds to climax but she responded uniquely. Yes there was the predicted tensing of her legs which squeezed his head. He felt her feet compress against the sides of his chest. He felt the usual shudders and quakes, he heard the gasps and screeches as her emotions peaked but he hadn't expected such ravenous wails as wave after wave of raw ecstasy crashed over, through and along every nerve emanating from her pussy.

"Oh Bobby! Ohhh Bobby!! Ohhhh Bob-bee!!," she repeated so many times. She wanted to lift her cunt off of his face if only to suppress the unrelenting orgasms that kept gushing forth but she didn't want those same feelings to end. Instead she pressed her sex even harder down over his open mouth giving her all to his assaults. After what must have been her sixth or seventh orgasm in rapid sequence she squirted a short burst of clear nectar. Besides the inexpressible feelings of elation that flowed outward from her loins she felt something even deeper – possession.

"Ahhhhhhhh" she cried. "You – are – so - mine!" she said slowly and with conviction as she came once more. "I – o-own...y-yoouuu, f-for-e,ever!"

Bobby sensed he had lost the mental connection he had entered and didn't try recapturing what he knew from past experience he couldn't retrieve. Instead of pressing on, he slackened his ministrations, turning them into an afterglow effect rather than bringing her to another climax. Slowly he brought her down, easing her quaking body but letting her feel enough that she could bask in the pleasure of what she'd experienced. Finally, when the vice grip grasps relaxed, the tonic contractions subsided and those high pitched cries of delight ceased, he stopped licking and gently kissed her swollen vulva that now resting fully on his face.

Deb rolled to one side exhausted and Bobby came to her, wrapping his arms tightly around her slender body holding her warmly. He hadn't asked for permission and he had never disobeyed a woman purposely, but for now, in this instance, it felt only right to hold her as he did. They remained intertwined for a long time with both feeling as if they couldn't be close enough. No words were exchanged. Nothing needed to be said. He knew this was what she needed. He knew she needed to feel his trustworthy, caring, gentle side. She had let the walls of protection down when she stripped and fucked him. She had let go of all the layers of safeguard, defense and self-preservation when she rode his tongue. Now it was his turn to let her know she could trust him. And so he held her; stroking her skin softly, kissing her quietly, and resisting any urge to touch erotically. He felt her relax; felt her let go; felt her kisses on his chest and clavicle. Finally Mistress looked into the eyes of her slave and spoke.

"Why did you disobey me?"

In an instant feelings of guilt and shame rushed at him from all sides. That question broke the trance they had both shared. He felt his mind teeter on uncertainty, wondering if his mistake had overridden all of his cuddling. Keeping his eyes closed he answered softly, "I'm so sorry Mistress."

"I only want to know why Bobby. There's no need to apologize," she said reassuringly. Cupping his chin, she held it so she could hold his gaze. "Look at me. It's OK to talk about this." He opened his eyes and stared back shamefully.

He was quiet for a long time, "I tried to stop it. I really did try but I couldn't."

She watched a tear form in the corner of one eye and smiled sadly.

"Why not?"

"You felt too good, Mistress. I've never felt the things you made me feel. They were too strong – too intense –too wonderful - and I couldn't keep things in check even though I tried. And then I just lost it and let it all go."

"Explain. Tell me what you felt. I need to understand what happened."

Bobby could see she really was interested in understanding why he ejaculated. He pushed the negative feelings aside and opened his heart. He wanted to please and more than anything else he wanted her to feel secure and be able to trust him. Risking her wrath he shared openly and honestly.

"You're so tight. I felt so much pressure from your muscles; the ones on the inside. They contracted constantly, kind of like they were milking my cock, even while you were moving they kept squeezing me and they drove my body crazy."

"Oh, they did?"

"Yes!"

She answered feeling a little better about the accident. "I need you to remain strong for me my slave. I wanted to ride you for a long time but things didn't work out that way. I didn't expect you to cum at all. That's why I got so upset. I wanted our time to be perfect since it was the first for me in so long."

"I know you did and that's why I feel so bad."

"I know Baby. I know. I'll try again a little later and see if things turn out differently."

"I'll try. I'll do my best."

Deb didn't' answer. Rather her mind drifted off to other thoughts. Although disappointed in their sex, she did stumble upon a gold mine when she discovered his oral abilities. The man was incredible. He had made her feel even better than she thought possible and that was a good thing – a really good feeling. She knew she'd be bronco busting his face often now that she understood just how good his training had been. After dwelling on that she let her mind go back and rethink how it all started – after his premature ejaculation.

"Thanks for eating your cum for me my handsome slave."

"I didn't think I had a choice." He grinned.

"You didn't and I liked watching you knowing you were tasting your own cream as it dripped out of me." She blew him a kiss. "I like thinking about it - even now." She kissed him softly. "I find that erotic; especially when I think of it coming out of me and ending up inside you." She smiled and gently touched his lips with a finger to indicate what 'inside you' meant.

"I will do anything for you Mistress," he assured her.

"Well we know that's not completely true Bobby. You didn't refrain from cumming when I asked but I know what you mean. Oh," she added nonchalant, "your oral skills need some work though. Things could have gone much better in that department." She tried keeping her expression impassive but succumbed to giggles when he looked at her aghast with wide confused eyes.

"I love your tongue," she said quietly. She slapped his face playfully. "I really do. It might even be better than your rod, but I doubt it. But it's really quite talented."

A half hour later their embrace finally broke when she felt his thick cock growing once more." It looks like you're ready for some more action. Let's give this another try."

Mistress knelt on the satin sheets and fondled her slave's balls. "You do have some nice equipment. Just look how straight and tall this pole of yours stands."

Bobby didn't respond. Rather he gazed lustfully at the slim busty brunette as she fondled and then once more mounted his rocky prominence. "You are something to behold Mistress. You really are."

Deb lowered her body on him with a gasp; the descent finally ending with her sitting fully on him. "You feel so good like this."

"Really?"

"Oh yes," she said in a husky whisper. "I can feel your head poking at something inside of me and it feels really good."

"I'm glad. I want my body to please you sexually." He gently clasped her hips.

Deb moved her hips in a circular motion. Her gaze never broke from his. "There's something right there," she pressed harder on him and then suddenly jerked upward with a cry.

"You OK?" Bobby asked in a concerned tone.

Debra giggled, "Yea. I can't get you all inside me and there is something that your cock pokes against that feels so good but at the same time too good. It's right there," she pressed her hips down forcing his head against it. "You feel so good when it presses on whatever is way inside 'there'." She lifted and sank slowly, repeating the motion for another minute or so - slowly making love to her man.

"You doing OK?" she asked.

"I'm trying my best. It's your muscles. They keep milking my cock and it feels so good."

"Just relax and let me take you. Relax Bobby. Let go and let me have you my way. I want to enjoy this and I want you to be the one I enjoy."

"Yes Mistress." He closed his eyes and thought about the color of the room, the iPad she had shown him earlier, the floor-plan of the house, anything except her in an attempt to stave off another ejaculation.

Her pace quickened and when it did so did her verbal gasps, screeches and moans. Mistress was not quiet while making love. Not only did she enjoy riding his cock and taking complete control of it but she also got into the sex act itself. Heaving her chest forward, cupping and squeezing her breasts, sucking on her pert nipples, drawing her abdomen inward, rocketing up and plummeting down; it all made for a show that would have sold millions on the X-rated porn screens across the country. She acted like a whore when making love. Once she got going, sex became all about her. He was a means to an end and she looked so sensual when she did!

"I'm having a hard time controlling it Mistress," Bobby said after only a few minutes of her ravaging his cock.

"Not now Bobby. Just keep it inside," she said gasping. "Let me fuck you like I want. Oh please don't cum Baby. You're starting to make me feel so good."

Bobby reached to the base of his rod just as Deb fell on him. He squeezed it hard, grimacing in an unsuccessful attempt to quell the volcano stirring beneath. She hoisted and fell again and again and then he could do no more.

"Ahhhhhh!!" he cried out and suddenly thrust up and into her. He exploded with several long streams of cream that must have coated her insides fully.

"Oh Bobby, no!!" she cried out. "Too soon, too soon, too soon." She said breathless.

But indeed it was too late. She could feel his shaft softening, making it impossible to move against it like she wanted – like she desperately needed. That hot sensation of his fluids filled her tight cavern.

"Damn it!" She pounded his chest several times with closed fists letting her frustration at his performance surface. "I don't like this! I don't like this at all!"

She huffed and punched him again and lifted off speaking in a not so pleasant voice, "Get under me before it comes out and eat all of it! Don't you dare miss a drop!"

Debra worked her muscles and forced the milky cream out. Letting her weight rest on his moth she relaxed although still upset at his inadequacy and waited, letting gravity do its work. Feeling his tongue gently probing and lapping at her sensitive and swollen labia, she enjoyed his mute touches. He felt so good doing whatever it was he did and at least for the moment that dampened the frustration of the all-too-short lovemaking. Letting her head fall backward she exhaled and focused on his ministrations, savoring the realization he was eating his own warm cream.

She didn't know why but her mind replayed a speech Mariko had given from one of her many weekly online lectures. Her words, ringing so true, came back as if she had been sitting in the front row. "For those of you that let your slave orgasm, make sure you never let his seed go to waste. It is my belief that the best slaves are those who swallow what you permitted him to spew forth. There is no better way to remind him of who he is than to make him do what he most likely wishes not to."

Only in Bobby's situation, she reflected, he appeared content to have the creamy milk coat his mouth. She hoped he was a magnificent cummer; one who exploded with a generous volume of the white cream she suddenly found herself so preoccupied with. "Something to explore another time," she said quietly.

"OK, my handsome and undisciplined slave; make me cum. At least I know you won't fail me with your tongue."

Bobby put the sarcastic remark aside and centered his thoughts on the pussy planted solidly against his lower jaw and slowly took her on a journey which he hoped would awaken even more desires than aroused earlier today. And so he did, drawling her focus inward; inward toward the feelings deep inside her tummy. He was so good at ostensibly knowing where to lick, how to lick, and doing so with such exquisite precision. Following her body's signs he stroked and twirled his long tongue in and around her wet slit sucking on her inner lips, lapping at the outer ones and probing at the swollen bud that felt as large and hard as the two dark red nipples protruding from perfectly shaped tits.

"Make me cum. Oh, my god, make me cum!" she suddenly cried out.

Obediently he quickened his efforts, strengthened his contact, and brought her to another explosive climax.

"Again! Don't stop. Keep going!" she yelled hoarsely.

A moment later a second rush detonated, exploding outward, inward, upward and involuntarily. She yanked at his hair, pulling him hard against her sex.

"Again Slave!!"

And so he did.

"Again!" she gasped. Her words sandwiched between cries and gasps and strains as her now sweaty body writhed with abandon, grinding and grating her acutely sensitive cunt over Bobby's mouth.

Although this was not a first for him, he couldn't believe the gorgeous dark-haired model who appeared in public like the poster child for beauty pageants everywhere had such an alter ego. Docile, in control, and well-mannered were not descriptors that described her present demeanor. Her passion was palpably erotic. As he lay with tongue extended over his lower teeth, letting her ride him to another climax. At that moment he suddenly realized that the woman who pulled him aside at the airport because he was asking too many questions, was the same one who had nearly electrocuted his crotch, and was the one who had a plan already in place for the slave she knew she'd one day govern. He had experienced so many sides to her complex beauty and he'd only been here less than twenty-four hours. No wonder she acted as she did now. She was a take-charge woman who wanted things done her way.

It was then while her soaking wet pussy rhythmically fucked his face that he started connecting the dots of her personality. Mistress was a perfectionist. Flawless in form, successful in business, wealthy, self-assured. She had everything going for her; everything that is except for a healthy heterosexual relationship. It was the one area of life completely out of control and he assumed that failure must have haunted her. But now she had him; had him all to herself knowing she could shape, mold and command him to do whatever she wanted. It all made sense. No wonder she got so upset with his premature ejaculation. It violated her obsession for excellence, her expectation for him to obey and her want for conformity. Having had failed her standards revealed the loss of relational control that comprised her life. In that moment he pulled his thoughts back from the random snippets of his Mistress life and reentered the zone which was her pleasure. Letting Mistress rake her slim and supple hips over his wet and sore mouth he redoubled his efforts and brought her to one final explosion.

When she all but fell off, her chest heaving from the exhausting workout, she looked down at her submissive, the one she had selflessly used. His face was crimson and soaked. His rumpled hair and unfocussed eyes conveying a sense of disorientation. He appeared ill-equipped to do much more than rest and recovered from the pelvic assault and that sense of domination sat well with her.

"God you make me feel good!" she said still breathing hard. "Now all we need to do is get that beautiful cock of yours to show a little more patience."

"I'm so sorry Mistress. I really am." He spoke but avoided looking directly at her. Instead he stared at his limp member. "Maybe it's because I'm not use to being inside you."

"You think?" she asked hopefully.

"I don't know. I really don't. I do know it's been about a year since the last time I did this."

Debra now perched on one elbow showing more interest. "Maybe you are just too hypersensitive."

"Could be. I want to do whatever I can to make it perfect for you. Maybe I need to wear a condom."

"No! Absolutely not! I can't stand those things. There needs to be another way."

"Whatever you say, I'll do. Really I will."

You know, you look so cute right now I could kiss you but your face is a mess." She laughed and playfully poked him in the ribs, making him jump."

"Hey!"

"What kind of woman would rough you up like that?" she pointed to his juice covered face. "You need to hang with a different crowd. Don't you think?"

"Naw, the woman that did this is really a pushover. It looks way worse than what it is."

Deb mounted him, stretching her lithe body fully on his and toyed with his hair. Bobby felt his cock swell. Her face was only inches from his and she was a picture of perfection and she smelled so good!

"Thanks for bringing me here. To be yours," he said suddenly serious.

"Are you really that glad? We've only been together for a day."

"I am. I really am. I love everything about you."

"Love? That's a pretty heavy word Bobby."

"I didn't say I loved you. I said I ..."

Mistress jerked up abruptly. "You don't love me!"

Her words were filled with emotion and took him by surprise. "Mistress," he whined. "You know what I mean."

She smiled and collapsed on him again, this time kissing his chin. "I know," she whispered not looking up.

Bobby ran his hands over her back, feeling the gentle curves, ropy muscles and the lines of each rib. How nice it was to be able to enjoy touching a woman and know she enjoyed that touch. "Is this OK to do?" he asked.

"Uh-huh," she replied resting her head on him. "It feels nice. Don't stop." She laid her head on his chest and relaxed.

He kept at it and for the longest time, stroking her back and ass, not because he wanted to excite her for another round of passionate sex but rather to make certain she felt safe and secure. Eventually he felt her breathing slow and then noticed her hands and feet twitch and knew she had fallen asleep. Smiling he continued stroking her soft skin her ever so lightly. Leaving the few locks of her hair that had fallen on his face remain Bobby inhaled her scent. She smelled wonderful. It was a combination of sweat and perfume. Inhaling again he did so knowing this was the scent of his mistress and a beautiful one at that; one who's odor he hoped to inhale for many a day to come.

His caresses continued, feeling her body, taking in the feel of every curve and plane. Memorizing her feel he smiled feeling completely satisfied. Large firm mounds pressed against his chest. He lay content thinking about how impeccably formed they were. Running both hands softly and slowly down the sides of her body he pictured her slender shape, toned muscles and shapely hips. Indeed she was just as she had described: pretty big up top, quite small in the middle and just right down below. In a word, she was complete, magnificent, sublime, exquisite, and glorious. There were too many descriptors that all applied equally for him to settle on just one. She was all of these and unbelievably, he was the sole benefactor through her ownership of him. He wanted this moment to never end but it like all things, it eventually did.

Deb popped her head up with a start when she heard the melodious chime of the doorbell ring out.

"Who in the world could that be? She asked herself while fumbling for her phone on the night stand. Opening an app she shot up in horror. "What day is this?" Not waiting for an answer she quickly pulled her shorts and top on, leaving the panties and bra where they lay on the bed.

"Stay here! Don't you dare move!" And then she was gone.

Lisa, Tyaja and Jenny stood impatiently waiting in the oppressive Texas heat. Each carried a small duffle slung over one shoulder; all were dressed in tank tops, shorts and sneakers and all were sexy, shapely and adorable.

Deb answered the door smiling. "Sorry to keep you girls," I fell asleep.

"Is that so?" the tall busty back woman asked. "Your hair looks more like you were enjoying some personal time with your little wand if you asked me. You aren't even fully dressed girl! I can see those pretty nipples of yours poking through your top!"

"I think she forgot we changed our meeting day."

"That's right!" Deb recalled. "I most certainly did!"

"Well, it looks like we interrupted something yummy," Ty said teasingly.

They all laughed as Debra stepped aside and let them enter.

While Deb turned a light shade of pink at Tyaja's remark she said nothing to quell their curiosity.

Lisa spoke up. "She didn't say she wasn't treating herself to some fun, Ty. I'm sure she was enjoying some hanky-panky on the side."

Deb ignored their probes. "Come in girls. Make yourself at home. Can I get you anything before we get started?"

"The usual for me," Jenny replied.

Deb tossed them each a bottle of ice cold water from the fridge and joined them in the living room.

"You really were having a good time, weren't you?" the provocatively dressed blonde inquired.

Deb smiled at Jenny. Normally she was the quiet one, the one who didn't ask the probing questions. Jenny tended to keep her opinions to herself when in this company of women. She expected Tyaja to be the one filling that role although she was uncharacteristically silent at the moment.

"Well?" Tyaja asked again.

"Yes, as a matter of fact I was. Is there anything wrong with me getting a little girl-time?" Deb's smile indicating there was more to what she had indeed been enjoying herself.

"Not at all," Jen replied now giggling and blushing pink when she noticed their hostess's nipples poking against the tight cotton top. "I think we interrupted you before you had time to finish your fun. I can't remember the last time you looked so, so horny." She pinched the tips of her own sweet mounds to indicate what she meant.

"Oh I can!" Lisa added.

Tyaja grinned knowingly and bit lightly on her lower lip. Deb's face reddened even more.

"Are you girls ready for a workout?"

"Not until we see this new vibe you got. I might want to pick one up myself."

"Lisa, it's no big deal, Ty. Really it isn't. Let's go workout."

"No, I want to see it," she said ignoring Lisa's comment. "Is it cordless or corded?"

At that, Deb burst into a bout of unabated and hysterical giggles, "It - it's cordless," she said almost doubling over in laughter. After gaining some semblance of composure and taking at least a minute to settle. The girls stared on in unknowing confusion, Debbie had them all sit.

"OK," she said stifling another giggle, "things aren't quite what they seem."

The girls, all who were roughly the same age sat still quietly, still waiting for the other shoe to drop, and drop it did.

"I was with a man. He's actually still in my bedroom."

Their expressions were priceless! Debra had never seen these three speechless before. Lisa and Jenny immediately looked at the other. Tyaja's mouth dropped open. All three gasped and then together they harped, almost in unison, "What?!"

"What?!" Lisa said again pushing a lock of jet black hair behind one ear. "You - - were with a guy? Have you lost your mind?"

"I think it's pretty sweet myself," Jenny interjected. "Maybe she's finally got her head straightened out. It's only taken her about ten years."

"Debbie what about u..."

Tyaja's question was interrupted as Deb broke in.

"Girls, how about you meet Bobby and then I'll fill you in on everything. This will all make a whole lot more sense once you know the whole story behind why he's here. Fair enough?"

"I think I need a drink," said Tyaja standing.

"Me too," said the others.

"Let Bobby fetch them. Sit down. That's what he's here for anyway. You girls just stay put."

Looking even more puzzled they remained seated. Just as Ty was about to fire another round of questions Debra spoke into her phone, calling for Bobby to come upstairs. Her voice rang out soft and clear throughout the entire house.

"It's a long story and to be honest, not one I've been completely up front with ya'll about. But everything happened so suddenly."

Tyaja's expression grew even sourer. "Were you ever going to bring us into the loop on this? I mean Deb the four of us are like sisters. We share everything, especially when it has to do with men in YOUR life." She looked at her hostess and then to the other ladies. They nodded in agreement wondering why she had kept such an important subject hidden from them.

"I didn't think you'd understand and I still don't think you will even after you hear everything. And like I said, all of this happened in the past 48 hours. Oh, hi Bobby," she said casually as he appeared naked.

Bobby rounded the corner and entered the living room where the four gorgeous women sat. Even though Mistress Sharon had paraded him in front of strangers almost continually during the months prior, and although he had lain blindfolded while dozens of college age girls sat on his face until reaching orgasmic satisfaction, he still felt awkward at these initial encounters. When he laid eyes on the four babes, and indeed they were all babes in the prime of life. Each were exceptionally attractive, had tight shapely bodies, sweet breasts and the most incredible legs. Although his cock, which had been hanging limp and flopping from side to side now stirred. Approaching Mistress when he saw her indicate he should do so, he came and stood beside her; his face burning a hot shade of red. His cock continued to swell.

Again the girls were momentarily speechless. Tyaja immediately stood, crossed the room and stood within arms distance of him. Looking him up and down with genuine admiration she zeroed in on the semi-filled slab of sausage bobbing wildly. Seeing it banded in thick silver rings she raised an eyebrow at the hot looking goods he carried.

When she reached out to touch him, Deb leaned over and pushed her arm away. "Girls, this is Bobby. Bobby, this is Tyaja. Sometimes she can be a little too forward." She smiled. "And over there is Lisa and Jenny."

Bobby greeted them each with a nod while Tyaja stood wide-eyed and staring at the naked guest. Things simply didn't make sense. "Why was he here? Why naked? Why ...?" She thought.

"Deb? You have so much explaining to do, but, damn girl; you know how to pick one with a nice cock. This guy has a fucking beautiful one!" Ty grinned pleased at the sight of his thick stalk getting harder still. The velvety soft cockhead blushed progressively darker shades of red as blood flowed into its congested terminal end.

Surveying the African American beauty standing proud and tall before him he immediately admired her exotic beauty. She was built pretty much like Mistress, meaning she was also drop-dead gorgeous even though they looked completely different with regard to complexion and facial features. Tyaja sported perfectly shaped chocolate tits, even darker areolas and nearly black crinkled nipples that he could see readily through the pink fishnet top; they made for an almost irresistible temptation. Standing tall and slender Ty had a strong and curvy build. Her booty was a bit fuller than Mistress' but otherwise their figures were near mirror images. Bobby couldn't get past her nipples. They were the perkiest he had ever seen. He likened them to 45 caliber bullets and they poked anxiously against the thin plunging top that revealed a sexy cleavage and left little to the imagination.

"God Deb, I just might have to take this one for a test drive. Do you mind?" her eyes never left the slave but moved repeatedly between his handsome face and the thick root jutting directly at her midsection. Together Lisa and then Jen approached although did so with a somewhat more tentative attitude. Just then Bobby raised both hands above his head, locking his fingers and resting his palms on his brown hair and pressed his cock forward.

"What's he doing?" Jennifer inquired, wondering why he had just done that.

"He's presenting. I taught him this and I just motioned for him to present now for you. I thought you could get a better look at him standing with his goods unobstructed."

"How?"

"I did this," She showed her the finger-motion cue, "and he knows what it means." Jen turned back to stare at Bobby just as Deb came to stand beside. All four now stood in an arc facing him and they all examined him thoroughly for the first time. Instead of waiting for the barrage of questions she knew would flood her way any second she stepped between Jenny and Lisa she and put her arms around them both.

"Bobby will be living here with me. I got him from my sister in Tennessee. You remember Sharon, don't you? She was here for a few days this past March. My twin. Remember?"

The statement was meant to head off some of the queries and although Ty nodded her remembrance of her sister's visit she did so with a wrinkle of her forehead. The others kept looking at Bobby and she had to admit, the scene was a bit surreal given his nakedness, his lack of embarrassment and the obtrusive posture accentuating his pronounced erection made it all the more bizarre.

For the three girls this didn't seem right. The entire scene was simply off. Deb had been blatantly outspoken when it came to dating. She had had no interest whatsoever in men; and now this? "This" was why Ty had frowned and why Jenny and Lisa stood fixated and staring at this guy. It would have been one thing to have met a clothed man, but to know she had just probably just fucked him and then commanded him like she owned him to stand so statuesque? This was way too kinky. Something was wrong and the three women all new it.

Bobby's cock stood fully erect and stood magnificently some eight-plus inches out from his muscular abdomen. Although it would thicken somewhat more if his arousal held he still had a shaft that appeared most impressive indeed. Only Lisa seemed unfazed by its size although that was to be expected.

"He does have a generous one!" Jenny said with emotion, "but what's really going on here?"

"Yes he does!" added Ty who had responded to Jenny's comment regarding his cock. She grinned seductively, her tongue running slowly over her full, slightly upturned lips.

"You see, my sister and Bobby were co-workers on a project," Deb said casually. "They worked as partners - hired by a Tennessee school district to provide guidance for a struggling educational system. Through a series of circumstances in which Bobby made some really stupid blunders that coincidently involved the principal's secretary, he was pretty much made to become her slave. The secretary, her name is Mariko, is a woman who subscribes to the belief that women can only live at peace if they assume the superior role in any relationship with a guy. She had a similar experience to mine and out of her involvement with an abusive husband she eventually became a consultant of sorts. Now she impacts thousands of women by teaching them how to dominate and rule a man."

"But she didn't teach you?" Ty stated.

"That's not exactly true. Mariko kept him for about a week and then gave him to my sister to train. If you remember, Sharon caught her fiancée screwing a prostitute. She took him and trained him under Mariko's supervision. I learned about him in time and even met him when I visited Sharon."

"What the fuck?" Ty shouted.

"It's a long long story Ty. When we have more time he can tell you everything. Anyway, my sister took him and it was she who broke his spirit and helped him see his real role in life. She was the one that turned him into an obedient slave of sorts. It took a long time – months in fact - but then on Friday I got this call from her out of the blue. She invited me out for some party. It's why I cancelled our Friday workout at the last minute. I had no idea what she was celebrating but as a result of her party she informed everyone there she was parting ways with Bobby. That's when she dropped the bombshell and offered him to me. On a whim, I took him. Call me nuts but I did and I actually think I did the right thing. Anyway, he's here and he's going to stay I think. So, what do you think? Did I really lose my mind this time?"

She stood next to her slave and cupped his balls. "He comes with a pretty nice package though, don't you think?" She grinned looking at their silly expressions until she could contain her feeling no more and broke into a giggle.

Tyaja didn't wait for the offer and took his white cock in both of her dark brown hands and squeezed it firmly. She let out a sultry sigh. "You really might me nuts but you could have done far worse than what you got here. And I like the added jewelry but Deb, this is so weird." Their eyes met. "I don't know if you're brilliant or a fool."

"You don't approve?"

"It's not that I don't think you got a stud but you don't just go making slaves out of men for the hell of it."

"Well, that's what Sharon did. That's what women all over that part of Tennessee have done. What can I say? It happened and I'm the beneficiary. Can't I at least try?"

"I don't know."

Lisa joined the discussion. "What's the steel for anyway? Did you do this to decorate him or is it some kind of marking?"

"It does two things. It helps keep him hard but mostly it prevents from wandering too far away. If he does it will shock the hell out of him. Just ask him. He's already experienced the jolt."

Bobby nodded in the affirmative and watched Jenny's eyes widen even further.

"Like an invisible dog fence?" she asked incredulously.

"Exactly like a dog fence but the shock is way stronger. It brought him to the ground almost immediately."

"You're serious about this whole treating him like a slave thing aren't you?" Lisa asked.

"I sure am. I need to know I have the upper hand at all times. It's the only way I feel safe. It's the only way I think I can have a guy around."

Ty nodded, beginning to understand why she chose to be with this guy. It wasn't that she had her head all straightened out after all but that this warped way of relating to a guy might work for her.

Lisa tossed her long black hair over one shoulder with a sudden whirl of her head and stood next to Tyaja. Her penetrating blue eyes looked into the darker woman's. "Let me feel."

Tyaja reluctantly released her grip and when Lisa touched him Bobby twitched with excitement when her hand brushed over a particularly sensitive spot in just the right way. She grinned and looked at him standing so helpless. Although he towered over her and probably weighed about twice her 115 pounds she was the one in control and relished her position a whole lot more than his subservient one.

"You know Deb I think I understand the whole slave thing."

"What do you mean?" Jenny asked.

"I think I get why you did what you did. Look at him; he's big, strong, powerful and completely helpless – standing there like a helpless boy with this big cock thrusting forward. He's practically begging me to grab him. I think you were really smart to get a slave. It makes perfect sense. And besides, I think he likes my little hands grabbing his big manhood even if it doesn't float my boat. But he's got a nice one." Lisa looked up at him quite matter of fact. "Sorry Bobby. You might have a nice one but it doesn't do a thing for me. It's just not my cup of tea." She let go and stepped back.

"Come on Jen, you might as well feel him too," Ty encouraged. "He's not going to bite."

Jenny didn't rush right up but rather looked at Lisa as if seeking her approval. When she nodded, she came to his side. Jenny was the smallest of the women, standing barely over five feet tall. With blonde shoulder-length hair and a voluptuous, although petite body, she packed quite a powerful visual punch. Without a word she ran her tiny hand over his meaty chest and then down over his abs and hips admiring his stout frame. Eventually her hand found his meaty ass and she proceeded to give it a lustful squeeze while finding his balls with the other and maintaining a firm clutch on the fleshy orbs. When he reacted to her grip she slowly balled her hand ever tighter until he winced and bent forward somewhat. When he did, she giggled.

Jenny philosophized, "Men, you've got to love how easy it is to control them. They really are you know. Don't you think so?" she asked him. When he only smiled through his pain she inquired, "Do you think I'm beautiful?" her hand still clutching his testicles. She slackened her grip enough to allow him to return to a full present position.

He ran his eyes quickly over her and then the others before responding. They were all gorgeous; all beautiful in their own way. Tyaja was most similar to Deb. Lisa, although somewhat slimmer was no lest striking although her breasts were probably a cup size smaller. Lisa however had the most beautiful black hair and brilliant sapphire eyes. Pert breasts contrasted against a diminutive waist and hips, both of which reminded him of Mistress made for a lustful treat. Indeed she was put together well.

Jenny had been blessed with naturally full breasts and like the others had perfectly toned legs. She was the quietest of the group and in some ways Bobby wondered if she sat lowest on the pecking order of power if there indeed was such a power hierarchy amongst these ladies. She was no less pretty. Her features being a little less jaw-dropping than the others but still a prize to be had for any man she chose to take. He realized the girls had come here to workout, something they probably did often to maintain these impeccable physiques.

"All of you are gorgeous," he said finally in answer to Jenny's question.

Jenny smiled. Her hand relinquished her grip on his balls and moved to the rock-hard pole. When she smiled, Bobby could tell she had admired. He grinned ever so slightly.

"I was Miss Texas awhile back," Lisa stated as she came to stand behind Jenny. "That's how I met your girlfriend, and this one," she said putting her arm around the blonde. "We're best friends you know. Grew up together and we're roommates at the University of Texas." Lisa looked at Tyaja. "The dark one looking at you like she wants to fuck you was the reason your girlfriend didn't win the Miss Oklahoma title."

"Deb isn't my girlfriend. She's my Mistress," Bobby corrected.

"Oh, is that what you call her?" Ty asked.

Bobby could hear the sarcasm in her voice. "Yes ma'am."

"And why is that?" Lisa probed.

"Because I am here to take care of her, not to be her boyfriend," he answered Lisa distractedly while eyeing Tyaja with mounting curiosity. "So you were Miss Oklahoma?"

"That's me. Actually I thought she was going to win. I guess the judges thought otherwise. Oh well," she said nonchalant. Her hands grabbed his penis and she began to deliberately stroke him in such a way as to leave no doubt her end goal. The others watched intently.

Debra put an arm around Ty. "Would wine do for all of you? I know I could use a full glass." The girls all nodded in agreement while Tyaja smiled fiendishly.

"Baby," Tyaja said looking directly at him, "Why don't you go fetch us all a nice cold glass of white wine before I make you cum. Your Mistress here tells me that's what you do. So why don't you go before I have a change of heart."

"Go Bobby," Deb commanded. "You heard the lady."

Without pause he gently grabbed her hand, prying it off his swollen staff and left.

"OK, enough of this standing around and gawking. Have a seat. Let's talk. I know you have questions."

Bobby returned, serving the ladies wine and for the better part of an hour the girls peppered Deb with questions while he sat on the floor by her chair. Standing only to refill glasses he remained mute and attentive listening as Deb revealed more details of his past and how she came to be interested in a mistress-slave relationship. When the inquiries ceased and the girls appeared content with all they learned they came to a mutual consensus, agreeing they really didn't need to work out after all.

Tyaja, with a bit of encouragement from Jenny worked Debra over pretty well when she learned of his mind-blowing oral skills. Begging her to permit him to show her she made quite a sight. Even reserved Jenny got into the begging. When Deb refused to budge and realizing the girls were quite serious in learning where her limits lie, Tyaja turned her attention specifically to Bobby who had been eyeing her.

Ty had a beauty about her that was truly breathtaking. Others often commented she reminded them of a younger version of Tyra Banks although her five-foot nine stature didn't compare with Tyra's nearly six foot height. What Bobby couldn't help but admire was how beautifully put together she was. After some time he realized it all centered in her eyes. They were both mysterious and seductive. Full, somewhat upturned lips, prominent cheekbones atop a body built to captivate the male eye made for an irresistible temptation.

"What do you think slave," she said indifferent from her seat on the sofa. "Your cock is telling me you want me."

Bobby remained silent. What he wanted was to leave and go downstairs but that wasn't an option.

Ty pushed on. "I think you want to lick my pussy. I can tell you do so don't lie. I've been around enough men to know when they want me and you fit the bill to a T."

Still he said nothing.

She smiled, enjoying the sight of him blushing pink. It was all part of the game and one she knew so well. Men needed to know who was boss and Ty was a master. Within minutes of being with a guy she could manipulate pretty much anyone to do whatever way she needed. Bobby was no exception. Even though he had a bond with her best friend, she still believed she had a right to partake of him regardless of their relationship. It was just the way she thought. "Why don't you ask your mistress if you can? My pussy doesn't bite." The other two girls giggled. They knew Ty's game equally well having seen it many times before. "Go ahead. See what she says. You might get lucky."

Ty smiled and opened her legs wider. Bobby could see the dark patch of wetness. She wanted him and he started feeling like he wanted her too."

"Bobby, do you have something you need to say?" Deb asked.

"Miss Ty wants me to serve her even though you already told her 'no'. May I?"

Those two words set the girls hooting. "C'mon Deb. Let's see what he's got," said Lisa. "Please?" Whispered Ty. "How about it? Just once?"

"Not today Ty. Not today," Deb reiterated.

"Hey, I needed to try. If I couldn't get you to agree I at least wanted to know if he wanted to."

"He doesn't."

"Oh, but he does...and he would have if you had let him."

"But my answer is not now and that means he doesn't want to."

Bobby understood the words. She said no but then again, she didn't. In fact she implied there would be a time when the ebony model might straddle his face or pull him by the hair between those dark legs. His heart quickened and he could feel his cock pulsing at the thought.

"Too bad slave, I know you wanted me. Just look at you. You're as hard as a rock."

He spoke softly. "It's not my role to either accept or deny your offer. I belong to Mistress."

"But you don't deny you want me; want all of us; do you?"

"Like I said, you're all beautiful but it's not my role to decide such things."

"Maybe not but that doesn't mean you don't want to. Tell the truth, you want to lick our pussies, don't you?" she pressed.

"Like I said, I belong to Mistress only."

The girls grinned, admiring his allegiance but still Ty pried. "I know you say you belong to Mistress but if she wasn't your mistress wouldn't you want me? Wouldn't you die to please me the way she makes you please her?"

Bobby stared, saying nothing. He half shrugged and revealed to all he was in an obvious predicament.

"Answer her slave," Debra said firmly.

He looked at her frowning. Where did that command come from? He thought they were a team against this foe. Why the order to reveal deep inner thoughts? "I don't think it's right to answer," he began "because I only want to serve you. But if I was free then yes, it would be an honor to please you in whatever way you all wanted."

The girls burst into laughter making Bobby flush crimson. Despite his obvious embarrassment, his cock betrayed his underlying feelings. Tyaja was hot, gorgeous in fact, and very sexy indeed. Jenny was, beautiful, and had a great body and even though Lisa said she wasn't interested she too was flat out gorgeous. She was Miss Texas. What more needed to be said?

"When the cackles subsided Bobby said, "But like I said, what I want or what I might do is mute cause I'm not doing anything without mistress releasing me and I don't think that's going to happen."

"Whatever," Ty groaned. She next pointed to Jenny "What about her? I noticed you looking at her with the same look you have me."

"Ty," Jenny said. "Let it go."

"Don't you want to know? Even just a little?"

"Maybe but you're embarrassing him. Deb said he couldn't anyway so just drop it."

"Jenny you need to understand how hot you really are. How many times have I told you how much guys stare at you? I know you got this thing going on but that doesn't mean you can't have a little fun with them – with him." She addressed Bobby now. "So what's your answer, slave?"

"I already told you. Yes, yes and yes. But only if I was free and I'm not so it really doesn't matter."

Deb smiled inwardly. Her slave had finally found the courage to stand his ground and draw a line in the sand. "OK, enough questions girls. Bobby. Go start dinner."

"C'mon Deb," Ty whined. "We were just getting started. Let him stay awhile."

But the energy had dissipated as soon as he had leapt to his feet and hurriedly left. Although Deb invited them all to stay for dinner they declined. Ty now in a sullen mood, left without even giving Deb a hug.

"What's gotten into her?" she asked.

Jenny rolled her eyes. "It's Tyaja being Tyaja. She probably mad because you wouldn't let her play."

"The hell it is," Lisa argued. "She knows she has competition now. She knows what he's going to do to her control over you."

Deb raised an eyebrow. "Hmmm. You might be right. I hadn't even considered that. Well, if that's why she's upset so be it."

"You know she still has the dirt though."

"I know. Don't I know?"

Ty called from the car, telling the others to hurry. "Wish us well," Lisa said. "She's going to be in one of her classic bitch moods."

Deb blew them a kiss and closed the door. Bobby had met the girls and all in all it had gone surprisingly well.

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 04
byKatiekatsman©

After the girls left and Bobby had grilled two tenderloins to perfection, she mounted him again in the hope he would last long enough to satisfy her properly. Hope gave way to frustration when the outcome was no different than the previous tries. If any good came from the curtailed sex it was in the process of feeding him yet another mixed cocktail of his cream. That of course provided the impetus to ride his face for another hour and enjoying several more orgasms which, although incredible, hadn't come by means of his cock, which she wanted so badly to enjoy.

Debra wondered how she had gone so long without making love to a man and enjoying it like she had enjoyed him now. Her fear of men had really kept her from reveling in some of the best life had to offer. "If only he would last," however became the one troublesome aspect of their budding relationship that truly haunted her. Was she being unrealistic in her expectations? It wasn't like he came right away like so many guys did. He could last several minutes and wasn't that about the limits of a man's' stamina anyway? Her ex never went half as long and more often than not came as soon as he entered. He had the added disappointment in having a dick only a little more than half the size of Bobby's and not nearly as thick. "Size really did matter," she thought. And hadn't she just read in one of those women's magazines that the average sex act lasted but three of four minutes. Guys came with a bang, got limp and were done.

That's what the newsstand crap all professed but it wasn't what Mariko had professed. What fun could a lady have if he couldn't keep it up? And that was what Mariko purported. She had stated more than once how a real slave could - and should - last for as long as his mistress wanted. All a guy needed was proper training. For as much as she enjoyed having him cum she hoped he'd perform to Mariko's ideal, and only shoot his load when she wanted to feel that warm surge of cream billow inside; and only after she had been thoroughly satisfied first! Yet this wasn't where she found herself and that bothered her.

After riding him to a final climax Deb cuddled against his warm skin. Some time later she sent him to one of the spare bedrooms with instructions to write what rules she had given earlier down on paper.

"And when you're finished getting them all written I want you to start organizing that list into some semblance of order. Eventually I want it all written in the Rules book but for now just start getting everything written down and put into categories."

"I'd like to do that. You've given me quite a bit."

And indeed it had. Over dinner his list and grown from the morning barrage of directives when they went through the house room by room. The dinner focus had more to do with how to behave whenever the girls came to visit whereupon she extrapolated to other potential social situations both at home and while out in the public eye. He had much to remember.

"Oh Bobby, I'm just getting started," she said smiling.

"I figured that," he said smiling.

While Bobby busied himself Mistress spent time in her office. Making her final call a little before ten that night Deb yawned and decided to call it a night. Finding him watching FOX news and catching up on current world events she hit the off button on the remote and had him join her in the Mistress bedroom. He did so with obvious anticipation. Snuggling with him wrapped around her made her feel safe and secure. It was a good feeling indeed.

"I'm glad my girlfriends were able to meet you."

Bobby didn't reply.

"Well, I'm glad," she said again, "but it wasn't the way I had hoped you'd all meet but at least you met them," she continued. "I love those ladies. We've been through a lot and we are like sisters to one another."

"No, I didn't know you were that close."

"Tyaja and I competed against one another for years, going way back before she became Miss Oklahoma.

"How far back?"

"Gosh Bobby, we must have met during a regional Junior Miss pageant when I was maybe fourteen. We became friends; well, all of us girls who competed became friends but she became a special friend. I was the cowgirl and she was the rich suburban princess. I never did win much of anything that she competed in." She paused. "No, I take that back. I do think I beat her once, but only once. She's so beautiful - and talented."

"Talented?"

"She has a breathtaking voice."

"I would have never imagined."

"I know. She talks like any average woman but put a microphone in front of her and look out! She's amazing Bobby. It's why I never had a chance. Maybe someday she will sing for you. She already made more money than I'll ever make as a recording artist."

"She's that famous? How come I've never heard her name before?"

"If you listened to classical music, my slave," she said stroking his meaty cock, "then you would certainly know who she is." She peered up momentarily looking at him with those big brown eyes and smiled.

"Maybe I need to start listening to those FM stations at the bottom end of the FM rainge."

Mistress chuckled. "Maybe you should. Anyway, she spent a lot of time with me during the whole mess when my marriage collapsed. She even moved nearby to support me. That's when the four of us really became close. She has a studio in her basement that she uses to record. Our relationship is kind of complex now but I still love her."

Bobby let the bigger story pass for now. He didn't want to turn the conversation more serious. "What about the others? I take it you met Lisa doing the whole pageant thing too."

"The whole pageant thing?" she chided. "Yea, I met her in Atlantic City. All of the State runner-ups are required to go to the Miss America pageant just in case something happens to the current state Miss at the last moment. I've never heard of something happening to any of the state champions but I'm sure it has. So even though I was Miss Second-Place, I got to go. We were there for about two weeks and Lisa and I were roommates. She was so much fun. She, Ty and I hung out the entire time we were there and that's when we became friends."

"How did she do? Lisa I mean."

"She made it through the first round of eliminations but not the second. It doesn't make her any less beautiful than the girl that won; it's just how the judges felt that night."

"She seems really nice," Bobby said quietly although I take it she doesn't like guys all that much." He stroked her arm feeling the silky smooth skin of his mistress.

"She is. She grew up near Dallas and now lives on this side of the city. She's a CPA - does most of her work from home too. She does tax audits for companies, you know, making sure they stay compliant with all the government regulations."

"What about Jenny? She seemed kind of quiet."

Deb giggled. "Not really. She was today for some reason but she's lots of fun too. Like Lisa said, they both went to school together and she works with Lisa at her business. I don't think she's a CPA but she has a business background of some kind. They even live together."

The conversation stopped for a while. Deb continued to play quietly with his cock, stroking it at times; tracing a finger randomly over it every now and then and periodically giving it a good squeeze.

"They all liked this part of you," she said giving him a good handclasp.

"You think so?"

"Oh, don't play dumb with me. You could tell Jenny and Ty were more than a little interested."

"OK, I confess. I noticed."

"Be honest, did you want them to play with you? I mean, like if I gave you the OK?"

"I felt really awkward with them all cuddling up to me when we first met, if that's what you mean."

"I could tell but would you have enjoyed it if I let them go further?"

"Mistress," he said thoughtfully and then planted a kiss on the top of her head, "I think I'm like you. I haven't had this kind of sexual attention ever in my life. So yes, it feels really good to be doted over."

"I know what you mean. It does feel good; really good."

"Thank you but my feelings for me go beyond the sexual part."

"What do you mean?"

"I've never been treated like this, like where people actually appreciate my pole as being beautiful. My past has been that of a locked and kept slave who only served. I was never enjoyed for anything other than for his mouth."

"And I think that is really sad. You have a gorgeous cock and a great body. And it is nice to feel wanted for more than just your mouth. But I feel the same way sometimes."

"How's that?" he asked.

"Where ever I go, people look at me as if I'm some piece of meat. It's how you look at me sometimes but in your case I don't take your looks that way. I can tell you like my body but I feel you like me as a person too."

"I do, although it makes it really easy to be with you because you are so pretty. And as to your girlfriends" he paused, "Even though Ty wanted to play with me, I felt like she was also flirting in a friendly sort of way if that makes sense; the same with Lisa although she made it quite clear she wouldn't do anything. I never thought any of them would ever make me do anything to them for real."

"But Ty was serious and she would have done who knows what to you if I had let her. It's how she is. She may have seemed like she was playing but she wasn't. She's one possessive woman and doesn't like to be told no. She likes to get her way."

Well, maybe you're right. I noticed she had a wet spot on her shorts by the time you all got to the end of your Q & A time." They both snickered at the memory.

Bobby added. "Thanks for dismissing though. I guess things were getting kind of heated with the two of us."

Deb mounted him suddenly. Grabbing his hefty stalk she maneuvered it until it was at her entrance and then quietly slipped it in. While she lay quietly with him mostly inside he could feel her muscles starting to contract. How amazing it was that her body seemed to know how to make him feel so good so fast.

"I like you in me. I really do." She sighed lustfully. "And I like you," she added. "Thank you for being so perfect for me."

"I'm not that perfect." Bobby self-milked his cock, making it purposely twitch so she could feel it. "This thing doesn't seem to do what you want and I feel bad. I know you want me to last longer but I haven't been doing so well."

"That's OK. And I'm sorry for getting so upset when you came."

"But it's not OK. I need to do better."

"I know you do, Baby, and we're going to see if we can fix that tomorrow."

"We are? How?" he said surprised.

"I have a friend that works with sexual dysfunctions. She's actually a doctor but she specializes in sexual performance and almost exclusively works with couples experiencing sexual performance issues."

"And we're going to see her?"

"Tomorrow afternoon; hopefully right after we get your name changed and run a few errands. That is, if your birth certificate gets here. It's supposed to be here bright an early." Debra fucked him slowly several times and then settled back down, pressing him deeper inside until his head put pressure on 'that spot' again. She moaned. "She's overnighting a FedEx package that we need to take care of in the morning before we go."

"She? Oh, you mean the doc."

"Yes, I called her tonight. It was Ty's idea actually. I told her about your stamina issue."

"You did?"

"Yes slave. I did." She fucked him for another minute. For Bobby it felt as if she did just to remind him he was her pleasure slave. There was a covetous look in her eye; one he had seen many a time with the Tennessee mistresses. He could also feel his sexual control beginning to unravel just as she stopped. She seated her pussy against his cockhead again and relaxed, acting as if he wasn't even penetrating her slick flower.

Deb spoke more pointedly this time. "I don't appreciate it when you respond as if you are entitled to know what I say or what I do because you aren't. If I want to tell Ty about us or you or about anything then I will and I don't need your approval before I do. You need to remember who you are. You're here for this," she moved on him once, "and to do what I tell you."

His body trembled. Once more he had crossed that invisible line and set her off. "Yes Mistress." He answered feeling shameful for saying what he had.

"Who are you? I want to hear it."

"I am Bobby Lewis, soon to be Bobby Ashby, slave of Mistress Debra Ashby," he said as confidently as he could, although his voice still jittered with emotion.

"Yes you are, and don't you ever forget that," she said sitting upright. "Your nakedness, these rings," she said grasping his cock; your last name - as of tomorrow - should all be reminders that I own you. I may be a whole lot nicer than my sister ever was but I am no less possessive. You belong to me! Your body does, your mind does, your attitude does; every part of you is mine. You are all mine."

Her tone and directness was unmistakable as she reinforced her claim. But then, it wasn't like Bobby had any intention of pulling away, of running, of leaving. He wanted to be here. In truth, he needed to be here - with her - with such a beautiful woman. He listened to her words, absorbing and savoring each. The claim aroused his senses - his desire. Watching her watching him, feeling powerless and in awe of both her control and beauty. Even in the darkness her breasts stood full and round. They were incredibly stunning. He could make out the outlines of her brownish nipples standing proud and erect on shapely lobes that were full and heavy. He was so lucky to have been given to her. As he cast an apologetic gaze on the perfect form atop him he suddenly felt so thankful. He could have ended up being auctioned to some witch of a mistress. He could have been sent to the farm. He could have been freed altogether and not been able to serve any one!

"And now I'm going to fuck you and you are going to please me until I am done," Deb said in a commanding voice which interrupted his stray thoughts.

With that she commenced a slow rising and falling of her body on his. She took her time. Maybe it was because it was so late and she felt tired; maybe she was experimenting. For whatever reason, her pace never quickened but remained slow and rhythmic. Even though she never escalated the cadence she still gasped. She still dug sharp fingernails that threatened to break his skin into him. Indeed she enjoyed the feel of this prize chattel, this protrusion of his, reaming her insides all while mounting her helpless, handsome slave.

When they were like this in passionate lovemaking her expectation was one of absolute obedience. This was her time; her time to enjoy him; her time to bond. It wasn't in any way about him, which was why his ejaculations had annoyed her so. She wanted him to partake in the experience and when she saw him take the liberty to craddle her breasts and feel their weight and size she privately smiled. There was no doubt he loved her breasts. They were indeed perfect and now in her excitement her nipples stood like dark jellybean.

Bobby fondled the dark nubs. He wanted to suckle but it was not to be. Instead he absorbed all he could of her body as she presented it to him now. Sliding his hands down over ribs that rippled under his touch he grasped the soft rounded sides of her hips and assisted her in her movement. After some ten minutes Mistress came to a beautiful orgasm. He could feel the sudden decrease in friction when her body released its fluid. She paused for some time and then repeated the process and came still again some minutes later.

"That felt good. That's how I want you - strong and hard and lusting with want." She kissed him full on the lips. It was a slow, soft and sensual one and ended all too soon. When she rolled away she pulled Bobby, telling him he was to spoon behind. Only then did they fall into a restful sleep.

...

"Yes, that's what I want," Deb said again.

The elderly woman gawked in confusion at the younger couple. "Well, are you getting married?" she asked.

"No Ma'am, we are not. But that is neither here nor there. What I want you to do is change his name from Lewis to Ashby. That's it. Is that so hard to do? I have the required documents and the form is filled out properly, is it not?"

"Well," she stuttered, "well yes, it is, but you don't want your name changed instead? You want his?" she asked completely baffled by her request.

"Ma'am I don't have my birth certificate. I only brought his. I want his name changed. I want his name changed to match mine. I want Robert Lewis changed to Robert Ashby," she said again and pointed to the form resting on the counter between the two women.

This lady wasn't about to give in. This had not happened before and in her mind it was simply wrong. What was the world coming to? "Young man," she asked, "is this all agreeable to you? You haven't said a thing and it's your name that is being changed."

"What I think doesn't matter," he said calmly. "Since she's taken me to be her slave I'm obligated to do what she wants."

"She's taken you?"

"Yes Ma'am, she has."

The gray-haired woman stared, not so pleased at Debra and then briskly grabbed the form. "Well young man I think you are making a big mistake but if you indeed want to go through with this you will need to sign here and here and initial next to these three marks," she made several X's and pointed to where he needed to sign.

When he finished Deb smiled forcibly at the attendant and left. "What a way to start our day," she thought. "Indeed the world is changing - cha and I'm a part of that change!"

"Now that was a bit more difficult than I had anticipated," Deb said rolling her eyes as they left the small office and headed to her car. A few turns later they pulled into the department of motor vehicles.

"Are you renewing your vehicle registration?"

"Nope." Deb held up his Tennessee license. "I'm getting you a license so you can legally drive in Texas. Sharon gave this to me while you were upstairs packing. I don't know how much you'll be using it but I want you to have it just in case."

A half hour later she slid his temporary license into her wallet for safe keeping. They had spent the past twenty five of those thirty minutes waiting in line for one of the clerks to finally call their number. There was almost no one there but it still took them such an ungodly long time of standing around before anyone stepped to the window to see them. Deb left in a huff. "Why do all the government workers take so damn long?" she said walking briskly back to her car.

"So are we off to see the doctor now?" Bobby said cheerfully.

Mistress froze, spun him around and stared blankly back at him. "Look, we just had this conversation last night. Don't go there again. Just trust me, slave, and do what you're told."

"I wasn't questioning you Mistress. Really I wasn't."

"Apology accepted but you were. I don't want you questioning my every move. It feels like you're checking up on me and I don't like that feeling. What I want is for you to trust me and the best way to do that is to just keep your mouth shut and do what I tell you."

Bobby felt the flush and nodded, too afraid to speak.

Debra drove uptown and parked in one of the underground garages. Heading to the 25th floor they entered the offices of Washington, Walker and Sheppard, attorneys at law.

"Just sit tight and keep your mouth shut unless Laura speaks to you."

"Yes Mistress." He wondered what had her panties all in a bunch but decided he better not ask.

After a few minutes of informal chatting, at which time Bobby realized the two women were more than acquaintances Deb produced a document. "I want to change my will to read something to this effect. I know you'll need to adjust the wording to make it legal and all but I think my intent is pretty clearly written."

Laura read through the short paragraph and then leafed through the actual Will and Testament Debra had produced. Looking up to meet her eyes she smiled and then glanced quickly over at Bobby. "I'll need to send a copy to everyone involved here." She tapped the end of her pen against the paragraph Debra had apparently written sometime earlier.

"That's fine. I've already talked to her so she's aware."

"All the same, it's something I recommend you do; actually insist you do."

Laura picked up the phone and a few moments later handed the documents to the secretary, a cheerful woman in her early twenties giving her terse instructions. Within ten minutes she had two copies of an edited Will in hand for Deb to sign, which she did after carefully reading through the modified document. When Deb smiled to indicate she was pleased Laura was called in again, this time to notarize and record it all in her registry.

"That will do." Deb stuffed the papers in her handbag and stood. "Remember to schedule a time to get with me. We need to go over your portfolio."

"I know. I keep putting it off but I've been so busy, and besides, I trust you. You're making more money for me than either of my last two advisors ever did."

"Thanks for your trust but I'd still feel better if we went over things together so you understand what I'm doing."

"I'll have my secretary give yours a call."

Deb smiled. "Have them do that." Laura knew Deb ran a one person operation and her secretary would be calling Deb directly.

Once they were back on the road and heading out of the city Deb said, "Now we're off to see Layla."

"Is that the doc?"

"It is."

"Who did you just see? I could tell you were friends."

"Laura Sheppard is one of my clients. I manage her portfolio and she's an attorney. I discount her on my end and she does the same for me when I need her. I figured you deduced she was a lawyer."

"It took me a while," he said grinning. "The shingle on her office door gave me a hint." He changed the subject slightly. "Mind if I ask what you had her do?"

Deb smiled. "I'm just looking out for your best interest, Bobby. Just crossing my T's and dotting my I's," she replied, the gleam in her eyes evident. "If I think you need to know more, I'll tell you."

Bobby breathed out a long slow breath. He thought how much the little things that made up the average person's day reminded him of the power he didn't have. Getting his license as a Texas resident felt great, but that only happened after he had lost his surname in the process. And even then, he didn't hold the license. She did. He had no idea what other powers she had taken from him while in Ms. Sheppard's office. Although he hadn't a clue what that paper stated or what they were talking about, the look Laura had given him made him think he was involved in this somehow. And now, she intended to seek advice from yet another friend. Bobby wondered what further changes would be made by the time she chauffeured him home.

...

Debra gave him the same instructions prior to entering the waiting area, "Be quiet and let me do the talking. You are not to speak unless you are asked a direct question." Once the ground rules had been set, she opened the office door, checked in with the woman behind the window and found a seat for the two of them. Debra sat patiently looking as adorable as ever. While everyone else pretty much sat slouched, she sat with perfect posture, her spine never touching the back of the chair. The form fitting indigo dress accentuated every curve of her tall shapely figure and her erect posture drew attention to her ample breasts and thin waistline. Even though the sleeveless garment was conservative and revealed almost nothing she still left nothing to the imagination. Bobby noticed men and women alike, not so inconspicuously looking her way. He smiled inwardly knowing he was the lucky one; the one officially attached to her and obliged to please the auburn beauty in ways they couldn't even imagine.

"I love you owning me," he said in a hushed tone.

She smiled brightly and squeezed his arm. "You're saying things like that already, and we're only just getting started."

"I know but I like the feeling of being yours."

"Good cause you are."

"Indeed I am," Bobby thought. A few seconds later his pleasant reverie was interrupted.

"Debra Ashby?" the woman called holding an interior door open.

"Come," Deb said grabbing his hand.

"This way." The woman instructed and led them into a small office furnished with the usual examination table, desk, chairs and cabinets stocked with typical medical supplies. She handed Bobby a gown, "you know the drill." She smiled and left the couple, closing the door quietly.

When the attractive looking Dr. Layla Richardson, MD peered in after gently knocking, Deb stood and the two women warmly embraced. Layla was a few years older than her, maybe in her late thirties. She was attractive and thin with strikingly blue eyes framed by blonde hair. Her personality was that of a physician, warm yet business like and she soon asked Deb to state clearly what she hoped to achieve while here. Deb handed Layla the box that arrived via FedEx early that morning and reiterated what they had discussed last evening over the phone. Bobby blushed when the box was transferred. Layla smiled.

"There's nothing to be embarrassed about Bobby. I do this all the time. Take that ungodly robe off and let's have a look."

He stood while Layla sat on the wheeled stool waiting impatiently for him to untie the single string behind his neck. When he had discarded the robe Layla smiled agreeably and looked at Deb.

"He is quite well endowed," she stated candidly.

Bobby's cock began swelling and Layla examined it quickly. Lifting it she gently pressed against his urethra, the large soft vessel visible on the underside. Squeezing his shaft several times she then riveted her attention on the bulbous head that slowly darkened in color as his cock grew ever larger. Lifting it up and out of the way she felt his balls and meticulously pinched, probed and compressed the tissues inside his scrotal sack between her thumb and forefinger. By now he'd become fully engorged and a droplet of clear fluid appeared on the very tip, which Layla fingered aside.

"Everything appears normal. He's gifted with exceptional size, probably in the top ten percentile, has good blood flow, no signs of tumors in or around his testicles, his cockslit is quite large and he apparently produces an ample supply of seminal fluid.

"And all that is good?" Deb asked.

"It is. The large slit," she grabbed his now hard shaft and pulled him toward Deb so she could see. "The slit permits him to urinate with little or no back pressure and it also permits him to ejaculate heavily with each contraction of his ejaculatory muscles. See? It has nice size. What I've learned over the years is the body adapts specifically to the various stresses encountered. In this case, the lack of resistance to ejaculation most likely has resulted in him being quite a heavy cummer - although I might be wrong. One just never knows without seeing."

Deb looked up at Bobby and smiled.

"However," Layla added, "his testicles are on the smaller size given the length of his penis."

"What does that mean?"

"Just that his output will be less than what one would ordinarily expect given his larger than average penis so that part is somewhat confusing with what I just said."

"It is," Deb said. "I think he cums a fair amount but then again, I'm not the expert."

The information jolted Bobby. He had always thought he was at least average but now this woman was saying he might be inadequate. He wondered what Mistress was thinking after she had absorbed the news. One look at Deb said it all. Her lack of emotion seemed to express her disappointment more than a thousand words and the doc noticed.

"All is not lost here Deb," Layla said touching her thigh.

"What do you mean?"

"Let's finish the evaluation and then I'll make some suggestions, OK?"

"Sure," she said not so enthusiastically.

Richardson opened the box and pulled out a silicone replica of the ample staff that mirrored Bobby's and stared blatantly at her. Fondling the rubbery phallic she held the shaft in her two hands. "I don't get many this long in here. You should be pleased with his equipment."

That brought a smile to her patient. "I do. I really do. I just wish he didn't cum so quickly. That's why I'm really here.

Layla carried the conversation. "I had you make this because I want to do something with you." She stood and motioned for them to follow her. Deb grabbed Bobby by the cock and pulled him along, paying little attention to the fact they were exiting the small evaluation room. Layla led them down a short hall and into another larger room that looked very much like a typical bedroom. On the bed was a man - kind of. Deb looked twice before realizing it was a manikin of sorts. Against the far wall were at least a hundred silicone cocks of all shapes and sizes.

"What do you do in here?" Deb questioned.

Layla put the replicated cock they had just manufactured earlier into a slot of the manikin's groin and secured it. Standing next to the supermodel they looked at the prominent post jutting up. "Is that the angle of him when he's hard?"

"Yea," Deb said grinning from one side only. "That looks about right."

"Good." She rummaged through a drawer and pulled out several other silicone cocks of identical length. "I want you to try each of these blindfolded to see which one you like best."

"You what?!"

"I need you to trust me," Layla repeated. "You came here for help and I am going to send you home 'helped'. But in order to do that, you need to do things my way." She looked at Deb and smiled, "There really is a method to my madness."

Now it was Deb who flushed red and Bobby who now stemmed a grin.

"Can you explain what you want me to do? This is not what I thought would happen."

"I want to put in cocks of different shapes and girths along with the one you brought in today," she pointed to Bobby's cock already mounted on the manikin, "I'll fit them in to the manikin randomly so you don't know which one is going in when. All you need to do is tell me which one feels best. You'll know it when you feel it. Everyone does. It's actually kind of fun once you start the process." Layla grinned. "Once we know that we can discuss making the real thing," pointing to Bobby's apparatus, "match what suits you best. If we can do that we very well may solve the premature ejaculation issue."

Deb and Bobby both looked at Layla confused at her intentions.

Layla knew the look. She saw it all the time. Fuck a bunch of silicone cocks? Modify a guy's penis to match? Yet that was her job. It's what she did: solve problems. She stared with amusement at their concerned and bewildered expressions.

"So, are you ready to listen to the reasoning behind the method of my madness?"

With an almost regrettable tone, Deb answered. "Yea." She slurred.

"Well then let me begin." Layla briskly rubbed her palms together as if she was cold. "In the majority of premature ejaculatory cases the penis and its receptacle don't mimic one another. The shape of him and the shape of you may not be ideal. What happens when these sort of 'mismatched pieces' come together is your bodies react involuntarily as if they want to rid the other from itself. Now it still feels nice but it's not the way God intended mating to feel. You feel good but you could feel so much better. A whole lot better. I mean, both of you can."

"My guess is that you," she pointed to Bobby, "feel way too much stimulation while Deb feels good but has no real idea what 'good' really should feel like. Almost always it is the penis that wins this battle of rejection. It gets overly excited, is unable to last the way a man is supposed to, spews its semen and then shrinks, forcing the copulation act to come to an early closure; it's kind of like watching a movie that is 40 minutes long when you paid good money to watch a two-hour show."

Deb nodded in mild comprehension.

"Well, may I introduce to you Doctor Layla Richardson," she said exuberantly and twirled a 360 pose. "Yours truly just might be able to save you both from this sorry situation. What we can do here is see what shape and, or size penis your body prefers. When you feel the right one inside you, and you will be able to tell that within a few seconds we can progress on toward the land of la-la."

Her childish humor eased their uneasiness and made them both chuckle.

"Trust me; when you feel it, you'll know." Layla smiled, almost giggling. "Once we determine what you like, we can talk about him. We can't change the receptacle but we can surely alter the intruder."

"How?" Deb asked the very question Bobby now wanted very much to know.

"One thing at a time, my dear. One thing at a time. No need to overload that pretty little brain of yours. Let me worry about all the hows, whats and whys. All I need from you is the OK to hook up ole Larry with one of these nice appendages." She beamed with delight. "So, do you want to ride this cowboy or what?"

"I do. But I have to say this seems so far out there. I mean riding that thing." She pointed to the plasticized manikin.

"I know but once you start you'll forget all about Larry laying there looking up at you with his deadpan eyes."

Deb burst into laughter.

"OK, then let's get started." Layla called for an assistant who led Bobby back to the exam room. She then prepared Deb, having her strip out of her clothes, turned off the fluorescents, lit candles and filled the room with romantic music that agreed with her patients' taste.

Layla fitted Deb with a blindfold, slipped an upward arching cock almost identical in size to Bobby's into the harness, added a liberal amount of lubricant and directed her to the phallus.

"Now only use one finger to orient yourself. I don't want you fondling this thing and feeling its shape. That's why I have you blindfolded. I want your body to do the thinking, not your eyes. This is the first one so try it for at least a minute. You'll need to get your juices flowing to get a good feel."

Layla guided the cockhead to her entrance and then left the room. Deb bobbled up and down on the terminal few inches until her muscles relaxed. Then she took it further feeling it fully for the first time. It felt odd and noticed the pressure it applied to parts of her inner walls that felt different than Bobby's. She fucked it slowly and then quite hard. It felt nice but it wasn't anything special. She slid off and pressed a remote to indicate to Layla she was finished.

"OK, here's the next one sweetheart. Let's see how this one feels."

Deb repeated the process. This one felt more like Bobby and much better than the previous phallus. She liked it and when through told Layla it was a possibility. Layla set the right arching cock aside and fitted a left leaning one in its place.

Almost immediately Deb felt odd vibes and after plunging down on it several more times decided this one was a definite no. Layla removed it and fitted Bobby's cock in the manikin's slot. When Deb slid over and onto this one she smiled, immediately recognizing the shape. However she had to admit the one she had tried earlier did feel a bit better. She rode it a while longer and then pressed the alert button.

"Can you put the other one back on? I want to compare it with this one."

Layla did and after Deb mounted it once more she decided the Bobby cock felt more pleasing.

"One more," Layla said, this time affixing a much thicker shafted penis into the harness and adding lube. She left and no sooner had she done so then she heard Deb cry out in pleasure.

"Bingo!" Layla whispered from the other room. She waited and listened with a broad smile to the coos and gasps emanating from the woman riding Larry. Finally she heard the buzz and entered.

"Oh my god Layla, this thing felt incredible!" Layla removed the blindfold and Deb stared wide-eyed at the thick shaft mounted on Larry's groin. Rather than the head being the thickest part, as Bobby's was, this one's shaft was thicker, meatier, and looked massive. "It's so big; way bigger than my slaves!" The descriptor slipped past her tongue before she could grab it and Layla picked up on her comment.

"Is that what he is to you?"

Deb blushed again, something atypical for her to do.

"You would be amazed at what women say about their partners," Layla replied.

"I get at least one a day who considers their man to be not much more than someone who's sole purpose is to be used for pleasure."

"I guess I am that woman because that's what his role is. It's a long story but for now he's here to serve me in the bedroom and be my maidservant at home. I'm hoping things will grow into something more, if you know what I mean."

Layla smiled. "Me too. You deserve it kiddo. I'm pulling for you and I think I'm going to be able to help, at least with regard to taking care of his pleasure toy." She held up the thick shaft now that it was free from Larry and held in her hand.

"Get dressed and when you're ready, open that door. The attendant will take you back to the exam room. We can discuss treatment some options."

When Deb returned she found Layla and Bobby chatting freely. Layla had taken the liberty to share her knowledge of what Deb had revealed moments before. She let it be known Bobby and her husband had similar fates; that hers was kept chaste in a steel cage. That comment led Bobby to open up and together they were discussing the pros and cons of chastity when Deb entered.

"... I do hope you two can make more of your relationship than just enjoying one another sexually."

"Pardon me?" Debra asked not sure where the comment came from.

"Bobby and I were talking. Both he and my husband have experience with chastity cages and living deferential lives. You don't find many good men like this so I hope there is a spark that can spur you two on to become closer."

"Are you a Mistress?" Deb asked.

"Indeed I am. So from one mistress to another, sit down and let's talk."

She handed Deb a two foot long realistic looking and feeling penis and wheeled her stool over next to her chair. "I like to use this since everything is so big and easy to see. This penis represents your Bobby," she started. "Feel the skin. See how loose it is relative to what's inside?"

Deb pulled at the nylon material that represented the skin. "OK."

"Now feel Bobby." Bobby stood; his erection mostly intact. See how the skin can be stretched away from his shaft even when he is hard." Layla pumped him expertly until he was fully engorged. "Here, see what I mean?"

Deb pulled maybe a half inch of skin free, making him wince as she did. "OK, but I don't know where you're trying to take me."

Layla pulled off the nylon skin revealing a massive cock covered in whitish tissue. "This white stuff is called fascia. It encloses most every structure in our body. All your muscles lie inside a fascial enclosure."

"OK," Deb offered.

"I want you to think about fascia as being like a pillow cover. If I shove two bed pillows inside a single cover what happens?"

"The pillow gets really full."

"That's right, and it can get only so big, kind of like this." She grabbed Bobby's cock. "This white stuff is what determines how thick he can get. But," she said looking into Deb's big brown eyes, what happens if I take a knife and slice the pillow case. What happens to the two pillows inside?"

"They bulge out through the slice."

"Yes! Exactly! And sometimes when muscles grow too fast they cause problems and orthopedists do this very procedure. They cut the fascia to give the muscle more room so it isn't so cramped."

"Are you telling me you can cut this stuff?" Deb pointed to the fascia on the humungous dick she held.

Layla nodded and smiled. Bobby looked on with a horrified expression as he started to see where the conversation was going.

"Now look at this!" Layla unclasped several snaps and the penis separated into two. Deb now had a cross sectional view of the inners' of a cock's makeup. Layla continued, "When he gets hard blood flows into these three chambers. They're called the corpus cavernosa and bands of that white fascia surround each of the three chambers." She pointed out the three roundish circles that represented the three individual corpus cavernosa. "Those bands give his cock the shape you can see. Look here, see the two larger ones on Bobby and if you have sensitive fingers you can feel the smaller one. Here, feel," she pulled her hands over so she could point out the three chambers. "Now you can probably guess what I am going to recommend."

"Yea, I can but it's going to scar him all up if you cut those things.

"Not at all," Layla countered. "We use a special tool that looks like this." She pulled up a slender V-shaped instrument that wasn't much thicker than the inside of a ballpoint pen. It looked like a modified stitch cutter Deb had used back in high school when she took a sewing class although it was both longer and more delicately constructed. I can make three small incisions right here." She grabbed Bobby's cock and pointed just below the massive head. "I make a tiny incision here and then insert the instrument inside. The dull ends of the V protect the surrounding tissues from being damaged but when I puncture the facial sheath and slide the tool so the V bisects it, it will effortlessly cut the fascia without cutting anything else. Because the tool is only sharp deep inside the V nothing else but what I want cut gets cut. It's really an easy procedure and when complete the inner spongy tissue can expand making his cock look more like the one you enjoyed most."

"Wow! That is so cool!" And you can do this?"

"Absolutely. That's why I wanted you to try differently shaped cocks. If you had preferred a cock that wasn't perfectly straight I could have only cut one side and that would have forced it to bend in whatever direction I needed it to, but your vagina is pretty straight so your choices are narrowed to either a thin shaft or a thick one and you obviously prefer the thicker variety."

"Indeed I do!"

"So here's part of what I propose. I'd suggest a simple fasciotomy to give you the girth you want. If we do that it may solve the ejaculation issue immediately. The thicker size won't permit your muscles to bear down on him quite as hard and that should lessen the intensity of what he feels. It's kind of like making you squeeze my fingers and then squeezing this fat coffee mug. You can't bear down on the mug as hard as you can on my two fingers. It's just how muscles work. And if that doesn't work there are other options but let's not worry about them now."

"And you said this is an outpatient procedure?"

"It is. He'd be put under with a short acting gas, kind of like when you get your wisdom teeth out and he won't need stitches. I use glue to minimize anything cosmetic. Recovery takes about a week and I'd recommend you put him in his cage if he still has it. It will prevent him from stressing the internal wound and give him time to heal properly. If you don't I'll send him home in a leather sheath that generally does the same thing."

"He has a cage."

"Good, then Bobby, when you're home and soft, take off what I put you in after the surgery and immediately put the cage on."

"Yes, Ma'am."

The glow in Deb's expression brightened as she pictured the possibilities.

"Now to the issue of his testicles."

"Oh yes, I almost forgot."

"While he is under I can insert a small PICC line right about here." She pointed between his legs just behind his balls. "The line will feed directly into the artery that supplies the testicles. You can inject him three times a day with a type of growth hormone that specifically targets semen production. When semen production increases so will the size of the containers - his balls. And this is going to happen really fast."

Excitedly Deb asked. "How long do I need to do that for?"

"Two weeks; three at the most. It depends on how big you want them. Just know that once they grow they won't get any smaller. The same is true with his penis. We can't undo any of this without doing something quite a bit more invasive."

"I understand. I'll be careful."

"If you think you're getting close to what you like you can always reduce the number of injections to one or two per day."

"Any side effects I need to worry about?"

"Not really. He will feel tightness once the cage is removed because his skin will initially be stretched impossibly tight but that will go away as the fascia heals. The only other concern will be leakage from the sudden infusion of testicular growth hormones. He'll need to change his underwear frequently or wear a condom if you don't want spots showing while out in public or dripping all over your house."

"So he'll leak more?" She asked suddenly interested.

"If he is aroused, then absolutely. Large testicles and a hardon equate to lots of leakage," she said smiling. "He's been leaking while he's here. Look at the floor. But this will be nothing. He'll be like a veritable spigot with the hormone supplement. But the more time spent aroused the more it will encourage his body's natural processes. I would expect his semen output to double; again, depending on how big you want these to get."

"So," Deb said somewhat hesitantly, "if he were to take a little blue pill would that be beneficial? I want him to be a heavy ejaculator."

Layla smiled. "Indeed it would! Now you're thinking like a doctor." She smiled. "But he will also be a heavy leaker anytime he is aroused."

"I think I'd like that combination."

"Me too." She had one of those 'ah-ha moments' and spoke. "Stay put, let me show you something." She returned a minute later with one of the silicone phalluses. This is Raymond." She handed the penis to Deb.

Deb noticed it was a good inch shorter than her slaves but had massive balls. "Raymond?" Deb asked.

"Raymond is my husband."

"Oh my! How long did it take to get them this big?" She looked at the almost lemon sized testicles, and felt wetness suddenly form between her legs. She loved the look and couldn't imagine how these babies must feel when heavy and full of cream.

"Fifteen days, but he started out a little bigger than what Bobby is now. Don't they just make your mouth water? I think they're gorgeous?"

Giggling, she handed the rubber cock back. "They are that and more," Deb answered complimentary.

"Thanks for letting me see that." She pointed to the balls. "It helps to know what to expect. And you said arousal can help me get him there faster?"

"Yes. How about I give you a few prescriptions of varying doses? What you want is to keep him semi hard when he is just doing his chores or exercising. Semi aroused means he'll look kind of like this. He'll be mostly hard but there will be a little downward curve. If his cock gets any lower than this," she bent his shaft downward to illustrate what semi-hard meant, "You need to up his dosage to the next higher level. Start on the lowest level and give it 36 hours before making any changes."

"But he will be in a cage for a week."

"That's right. I forgot. I apologize Deb." She turned to him now. "Bobby," she said looking directly at him. "You know how you feel when you are somewhat hard and locked up don't you?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"Like if you poked between the bars with a finger you'd only be able to press into your penis a little bit."

"I know what you mean."

"And you can feel the congestion in the cage."

He nodded.

"Like it's too tight and it makes you feel like you want out cause it makes you hornier."

He smiled.

"That is how I want you to feel when your mistress puts you on the blue pill. It's important that you stay that way all the time but there isn't a need and it's probably not best for you to take too much drug. You needn't be rock hard and locked."

"I know what you mean. I can help her get the right dose."

Deb smiled. Thanks Layla I'm so glad you set aside time to see us."

"And what about you?" Layla asked Bobby.

"It scares me but I can see how excited Mistress is about doing this. I really want what is best for her so I'm game; not that it really matters what I think," he added.

"That's a pretty profound statement," Layla agreed. "You really don't have a say in the decisions affecting you anymore now do you?"

"No Ma'am."

"And that's what I love about having him as my slave!" Deb added. "I get to do things my way. Don't I sweetheart?"

Dr. Richardson checked the time. "My next patient arrives in thirty minutes. If you're sure you want to do this, then we need to get this done. The procedure will only take about five minutes and the PICC-line will take another five. Assuming all goes well, you can see him in the recovery room in about a half hour when he wakes." She sat thinking and then asked, "He hasn't eaten today has he?"

"Not since last night."

"Excellent."

She then turned her attention to Bobby. "You will be a little sore tomorrow. It won't be excessive but it's going to feel like the day after a really hard work-out, if that makes any sense."

Bobby nodded.

"You will need to sponge bath for as long as the PICC line is in. And you should expect to feel a general ache in your testicles once the hormones really get semen production ramped up. I expect that to happen by tomorrow if not tonight. That feeling will remain for as long as you get the injections. I'm going to give you what I call a 'jumpstart' dose to get things moving into high gear. Your testicles will have to adjust to the increased fluid so they'll be protesting. Within the hour you'll feel an ache that will last about an hour and you'll begin leaking. Like I said to Deb, the ache will stop when the injections do but the leakage will become part of normal life and you'll have to cope with that somehow. Condom use makes for an easy solution when in public."

"And you can dispose of the fluid the condom collects however you want," she added, directing her comment to a smiling Debra Ashby.

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 05
byKatiekatsman©

For the next twenty four hours Mistress Debra ordered Bobby to lay low. She even ordered out for Chinese and made coffee for the two of them the following morning. Following Layla's orders she started the hormone injections the day after surgery and by noon Bobby could already feel a pronounced heaviness growing in his balls. The thought of them rapidly expanding pleased Deb thoroughly and she dreamed of the changes about to be manifest.

The surgery and its after affects were surprisingly painless. Bobby took a prophylactic dose or two of an analgesic but by day two, he woke feeling pretty much normal. It was the ache down under that steadily grew more uncomfortable but he had expected that. What startled him was the effect of the blue pill. Never before had he been so aroused for so long. As a result he incessantly fantasized about making love with Mistress. However that was not to be as he spent the next seven days secured tightly in his cage letting the trauma from the brief surgery heal while enduring the almost continual erection courtesy of the little blue pill regimen.

"Open wide," she'd say twice daily and pop the diamond-shaped pellet in his mouth followed by a glass of water and a bright smile. "I want you to get as big as I can possibly make you and this is what the doctor ordered." That was followed with an injection and an almost immediate increase in pain as the bolus of hormone began its transforming change.

Bobby eagerly obeyed. Her excitement was contagious and he could readily see just how much she was enjoying the entire process of transforming him from a nearly consummate slave to one of impeccable attributes, at least from a genital perspective. Meanwhile Deb returned to her normal routine working in the office several hours daily where she either saw clients by appointment or traveled to meet them in a more preferable location. Bobby took over complete responsibility for all household chores and by the weeks' end he had a full grasp on what she expected as he assumed the role of full-time house maid and servant.

There was one unexpected hiccup in his cleaning routine that came four days post surgery. While dusting quietly on the upper level he turned and almost ran into a very cute young woman of about twenty. She was tall and nicely built with firm, high-riding breasts that spilled out of a cute rose-colored top. Her bleach-blonde hair hung full and straight, extending to the middle of her back and all of this was complimentary to the cute smile, perfect legs and attractive figure she bore. Bobby thought she reminded him of the model beach-babe college girl and he was not too far off in that assessment.

"Oh, excuse me," Bobby said shocked at her presence but completely ignorant of the fact that he was naked.

The younger girl uttered a brief scream and looked at him wide-eyed, her gaze moving quickly to his to his tiny cage secured by the small padlock "Who in the hell are you?!"

Bobby held out his hand and for whatever reason his casual demeanor put the girl at ease and she went from shocked to giggling as he introduced himself.

"Hi ma'am, I'm Bobby Ashby, Debra's slave."

Stifling her laugh she replied, "Slave? Now that's a new one for me. I'm, uh Katie Martin, Ms Ashby's intern and neighbor," Her eyes continued to run over the older man taking in his nudity, his cuteness and that tiny steel contraption wrapped tightly around his penis.

Bobby also made his own assessment. The girl was obviously wealthy. The way she carried herself; her dress, her make-up; it all gave him the feel she came from money and when she revealed who she was things quickly fell into place. "Oh, you live across the street! I remember seeing that name on the mailbox."

For one appearing so shocked she regained composure almost abnormally fast. Rather than being put off and wanting to flee, she held her ground, something that produced a deep visceral response in the man standing only a few feet distant. "What is that and why aren't you dressed?" she inquired pointing to the cage. Her voice sounding like an all too familiar controlling one he had heard so often during his months in Tennessee.

Bobby hesitated. Submissive feelings of deference surfaced instinctively. "Maybe we should go see Ms. Debra and bring her in on this conversation."

"She's with a client. That's not possible," Katie said frankly. "So answer my questions."

"Can we sit and talk rather than standing here and having us both feeling awkward?"

"I'm feeling fine," she countered, "but yes, we can sit."

"Can I get you a drink? Water? Soda? Juice?"

"I'll take a diet Coke if you have it. Pepsi if you don't."

"I'll get two."

Bobby sat next to her on the sofa and then talked almost continually for the next twenty minutes. As to why he suddenly became a verbal fountain of information, he didn't precisely know but later he believed it all had to do with her candid statements that he associated with being dominant. For whatever the reason, he went on to give her the essentials of both his past and his current arrangement with Mistress. He apologized for not referring to Deb as Mistress and Katie appeared to understand given the brusque circumstances of their encounter. Katie absorbed all this almost too easily, and then revealed she had taken a course last year on alternative lifestyles to satisfy a sociology requirement. Femdom relationships was a topic they had spent nearly a week discussing. Although she had not known a femdom couple the concept was not at all new.

"But I had no idea Ms. Ashby was into this," she added. "I mean she's gorgeous and all but she seems so, so normal to me. I can't believe she'd want a naked man prowling around her house.

Bobby smiled. "Prowling? Who said I was prowling? I was working. I do all of her house work as a matter of fact."

'I just can't believe she is into the whole mistress and sub thing."

"I guess you won't be thinking that from here on out," he said grinning handsomely. "But you really should make it a point to let her know we met." He stood.

When he did, the pretty blonde smiled; her blue eyes now at eye-level with his cage. "Can I touch this?"

"Sure, just be careful with the balls. They're a bit sore."

"Why are you wearing this anyway? Is this part of your slavery requirement? Are you being punished?"

Bobby snickered. "No, I had some minor surgery the other day and the doctor wants me in this for a week to let things heal."

"Surgery? Are you OK?"

"Oh yes. It was over in fifteen minutes from what they told me. Just three little incisions to cut something in my penis called the corpus cav-er-something or other."

"Cavernosa," she corrected. "That's the spongy part of your penis that fills with blood when you have an erection," she said suddenly appearing quite academic. Her gaze turned more analytical, now that she understood what was done. "Why did they cut that?"

"Mistress wants me to be thicker."

Katie giggled, her smile becoming bright and adorable. "Ms Ashby wanted that? Ms Ashby had this done to you?" She struggled to comprehend the hidden side of the beautiful neighbor lady from across the street.

Just then Mistress appeared. "Yes Katie, I did and when he is permitted to take it off I'll let you see him in all his glory. I have a mold of what he looked like before so you can compare the difference - if there is any. Now how about you and I get back to work? I'm sure Bobby has much yet to do around the house."

"Yes, of course," she said her face flushing cardinal red.

Bobby watched them leave, a hint of a smile gracing his mistress' face as the two headed back to the office. He heard the office door click as the lock was turned on the other side. Bobby returned to his project of dusting, this time with a smile gracing his face.

Because of the minimal surgical discomfort, Mistress felt confident she could get other facets of his routine established and initiated a strict conditioning and strengthening regimen which she personally oversaw. Even while in her office she made sure he pushed himself to his max using security cameras and intercom system as a means of oversight, motivation and communication. Four days of lifting and five days of cardio and flexibility occupied the better part of three hours every afternoon.

Bobby soon learned the security camera oversight was the exception to the rule. Although she required him to be in the gym on most days of the week, Deb joined him for three of those days getting in her own workout completed. They each served as motivators of one another. Bobby's routine centered on gaining muscle bulk, while Deb's lifting served more to maintain. Their time sweating, grunting and working their bodies hard enabled each to see another side of the person they were now served or owned. For Deb his work ethic and self motivation were yet more indicators he was the type of person she wanted. For Bobby he saw she was much more than just a pretty face. Beautiful yes, but she was also driven, bright, confident intense and compassionate even when demanding. He loved seeing her push her body to its limit just as much as she enjoyed seeing the pump in his arms and legs after performing a final set to failure.

On Thursday, a week after first meeting Mistress' three friends the doorbell once more chimed and Deb sent Bobby up to answer it. By the time the three beautiful friends arrived, Bobby was almost done with his work out. Mistress had really intensified what she had him doing today, knowing he have two days to rest and recover. Not only did she plan what she wanted him to do but she also specified the number of sets, repetitions, and even assisted him with those final three or four pushes or pulls as his muscles reached near fatigue and eventually exhaustion.

Bobby answered the door beaming, knowing he was about to be harassed once more by the three beauties. Wiping his brow with a towel he stepped aside and let the girls in.

"Hello ladies," glad you could come. I'm just about finished working out but Deb just got started." He made no mention of anything obviously different and acted as if they were great friends. Keeping the towel over his crotch he followed them to the gym. No one said much but he could tell there was an air of excitement generated upon their arrival. He figured they knew the latest news on his status and were deliberately avoiding asking the obvious questions.

After greetings were made and Bobby moved to stand next to Mistress he lifted the towel. It only took a moment.

"Now there is a look I would never have expected!" Ty exclaimed eagerly. I knew she kept you locked in something. Bobby stared back at the svelte ebony woman dressed in cute shorts that hardly covered her chocolate ass and a T-shirt that had been ripped so high above the waist that it barely covered her bra. Leaving her midsection and lower back open and exposed made for a look that was all too inviting.

He felt the pressure in his cage grow even tighter as the combination of Viagra and her beauty did what it would do to any healthy male although no one, including him, could see a bit of change in the outward state of his arousal.

Tyaja quickly approached and cupped his balls in one hand. Even her gentle pressure felt uncomfortable and she noticed the mild wince.

"I heard about what's going on down here," she said "and I can't wait to see the final product." She gave his tender orbs another squeeze, turned her attention to Debra and planted a sensual kiss on her soft lips. Bobby looked on with incredulity at the intimacy of their embrace.

Jerking in the surprising feel of soft hair brushing against his thighs he realized Lisa had taken Ty's place so near. In fact she was now kneeling between his legs and examining his cock through the cage bars. Her lustrous black hair cascaded down along either side of her neck and over her slender shoulders. He felt her lips touch each testicle when she kissed first one and then the other.

"Debra, these are looking even more delicious than they did last week!"

"Last week they were just average," Ty chimed in, still wrapping one arm tightly around her girl. "Next week is what I am interested in. Then it will be time to play around. Right Mistress?" she said kissing Deb once more.

"Aren't you a horny bitch today!" Lisa said. "Go get a room!" She stood and cheerfully kissed one of Bobby's sweaty pectorals and then patted his cheek affectionately. "You're one lucky man to have this woman as your mistress," her smile showing a row of perfect teeth. She was beautiful and Bobby could see why she won the Miss Texas title not so many years ago but Bobby wondered why she now acted so taken by his gonads when only last week she seemed immune to anything 'male'.

Jenny stood some distance away just inside the door. When Bobby met her eyes she smiled, her petite and curvy frame looking as good as ever.

"Hi Jenny," Bobby said. "Come in and join us."

It was then that Jenny spotted what the others had missed, the slow drip, drip, drip of fluid leaking from his cockslit.

She held a cupped hand under the leaking spigot and after several seconds opened her palm to show the others. "Is this hot or what! He's leaking cum! Just look at him!" She said calling attention to his diminutive and insignificant looking penis.

Ty lowered a hand and within a minute had gathered a few drips. Licking his precum she assessed the taste. "Mild. Not bad slave."

Lisa knelt and held out her tongue. Deb watched, shaking her head in absolute perplexity watching Lisa gather three of four thick droplets on her extended tongue and swallow the sweet tasting liquid. "Damn Deb, that's actually good. Where did you find this guy?"

"Tennessee," she said playing along. "There's a flight to Nashville or Chattanooga later today if you want to go shopping for a clone."

Lisa responded by sticking her tongue out as if to say, 'I hate you'.

"Bobby," Deb said flatly, "It's time for you to go and get your shower and let us workout. Nothing is going to happen as long as you are here."

"We can make lots of things happen girl," Ty said playfully. "Want a little of this?" she lifted her top, letting Bobby see full breasts and rock hard nipples poking through the thin sports bra.

Ignoring the offer, Deb pointed upstairs and her slave immediately left, his cock aching as it pressed with all its ability against the solid bars that refused to budge.

"Why won't you let us play with him?" Ty asked almost too genuinely.

"What kind of question is that?" Deb retorted. "He's my slave, yes, but I told you I want more to come of what we have than this. I can't get there if I just loan him out to whomever."

Ty and Jenny stuck out her lower lips, miming a pouty face while Lisa returned to her expected stoic self because of the subject matter being discussed.

"He's just so fucking handsome," Ty said. "He does something to me, even though he is white."

"Like you can't get anyone you want," Jenny retorted.

"Girls," Deb interjected. "Let's put this to rest."

Ty put both arms around Deb's neck and pressed her body close, their thighs and breasts now touching intimately. "You know what happens to me when I get this way."

Deb smirked. It was a forced smirk but one Ty construed as a sincere smile.

"I'm feeling it even more. How about you kiss me?" Although it came out as a question, everyone in the room knew it wasn't and Deb surrendered while Ty held her face against hers for a long time - her tongue penetrating her mouth. When she broke it, she added, "I love it when you kiss me like that." She brought their mouths together once more, this time finding Deb's hand and guiding it down between her legs.

"Geez girl!" Lisa bawked. "Lets' get our workout in."

Ignoring the comment Ty said huskily, "You're making me horny."

"I am?" Deb answered in a voice barely observed.

"Hmm hmm. You know I can make you if I want but I'd rather you do it because you can't help it. Come on, lick my pussy. If you do I bet someone else will lick Lisa's."

"Ty," Lisa interrupted, now physically separating the two beauties. "We came to work out, let's get this done. Then we can play if we still want."

With great remorse Ty released their host, pulling her finger out from inside her wet cunt as they separated. Their eyes never broke contact and to Ty's surprise she watched with satisfaction while Deb's finger disappeared inside her mouth as if she were sucking on a lollipop.

Ty was the only one that could do this to her. She was the only one who held such power, such persuasive influence. When she spoke, Deb obeyed. There was no two ways about it. In retrospect she hated when things got this way but then again, Tyaja wasn't just anyone. She both loved and hated tasting her. As long as it was on her terms she could deal with it, and had even convinced herself to look forward to it. Maybe in truth she had not so much looked forward to these encounters as she knew they were unavoidable; a kind of predetermined fatalism she endured. It was when Ty got greedy, when she became overly dominant, overly assuming that things sometimes got ugly.

Lisa acted as if she was separating two prize fighters and in some respect she was. They were intent on finishing what they had almost started and neither liked being told no when they were in this mental state. Lisa had been here herself many times and although she didn't enjoy parting such beauty her pragmatic side understood they needed to blow off some energy productively.

Ninety minutes later all three had met that objective. They were exhausted. Even in the air-conditioned room, sweat ran freely from their bodies. Today had been a strength-circuit day, a workout they all dreaded because of its intensity but one they all loved looking back on as having accomplished. Moving from one exercise to the other while pumping out 10-12 reps with very little break between upper body, lower body and core exercises they abused their bodies for some twenty minutes, then all took to the treadmills for a forty minute run before finishing up with another half hour of the grueling circuit work.

As soon as they had finished their last rep they collapsed, their chests heaving and muscles burning. They felt nauseous but all understood the pain of the moment would soon past and they'd be glad they had pushed driven one another unsympathetic to the pain they endured. Ty especially loved the company of the others. She, by nature was lazy and if not for her friends would most likely have given up on their weekly workouts long ago. As she lay thankful for their companionship her mind went back to Deb and what they had done just before feelings of nausea monopolized her thought.

"Stand up," Ty ordered, holding out a hand. Deb stood.

"You look like shit," Deb said with a giggle.

"I know; I need a shower." She held her gaze and then pressed forward, "The top; lose it."

Deb obeyed, exposing her fabulous creamy white breasts. Ty pulled her close, feeling the strong slender woman as they passionately embraced. While Ty explored her mouth thoroughly and moved her hands over her slippery and glossy skin she forgot about how fatigued she was. Rather, the dark skinned seductress felt her energy surge. Pulling Deb forward with both hands around her neck and their gazes once more locked she stepped back until her heel bumped into the flat bench she knew was somewhere behind.

"Lick my pussy my slave."

Slowly but without any reservation Debra squatted and removed the soaking wet shorts and lace panties pulling them down her long umber legs, letting her step free when they reach the floor. Ty remained standing but placed one foot on the bench and abducted her though, and in the process opened herself fully to her servicer. 

She didn't need to say anything more. The invitation was quite clear. Deb knelt, and began licking the salty inner thigh using long lapping strokes. Tyaja moaned, her sigh an indication she wanted more. While Deb busied herself below Jenny quietly came around behind Ty and placed both hands on either hip. They slid around her front and then moved upward. When they reached her breast, Ty raised her arms and Jenny easily lifted the small T-shirt up and over her head and then unclasped the bra, letting it fall to the floor. Jenny's hands first found the heavy voluptuous lobes, massaging them as Ty cooed and slowly rocked her hips as four hands and two mouths massaged, fondled, kissed and licked the goddess splayed before them.

With Jenny's mouth sucking and nibbling on each breast and working her way up along the nape of the goddess's neck she eventually found her lips. Tyaja sighed. The routine was much the same each time and Jenny had gotten it down pretty pat. She knew Ty loved to be kissed while Deb ate her pussy. More accurately she treasured any opportunity to explore the lips and mouth of the one she possessed.

Making her lover part lips and teeth so her tongue could violate that most personal space gave her a sense of entitlement. They became hers. Their actions revealed their inferior, subservient self while in her presence and provided the groundwork for any or everything that might follow. She didn't kiss to relish each soft touch of the lips touching hers but rather to make a point; the point being 'you're mine,' and that is exactly what she did now. Jenny yielded, opening slowly as her long tongue snaked in and around hers, almost as some sort of erotic ritual where the lesser slowly yielded to the more powerful. Jenny knew it was her way of dominating the smaller blonde just as she was doing to Debra who now knelt with her head arched back an her face buried deep between her muscular legs licking her puffy folds of her cunt.

Deb had started at her thighs, cleaning the trailing drops of sweat from them before ever thinking of venturing up to her shaved pussy. The practiced tradition was never to be altered. Duty and deference needed to be paid before there was any thought of coming to her alter. The service varied but included such servile tasks as foot or ass worship or the cleaning of sweat from legs, arm pits or where ever she was instructed. Deb gave little thought to what she would do but instead followed her gut, or more likely her lust which she never quite understood why or how it surfaced. She was not a lesbian. She didn't desire women and yet she often found herself entangled in Tyaja's lustful web.

Now she drank from her alter and palpably sensed her growing arousal. She felt her hand on the back of her head pressing her face deeper into her sex. Deb thought how her own slave serviced; how he moved in harmony with her body's heat to enable her to feel things she had never before perceived. Now she too ventured to unite her mind with her lovers while Ty's sharp fingernails dug into her head.

When she felt the rumblings of an orgasm brewing she pulled Jenny down to her breast and in an almost choreographed response, the two submissive women worked together to bring the African queen to a powerful orgasm.

"Yessss!" She cried as her emotions exploded somewhere within her loins. Clear juices gushed into Debra's open mouth. Just then, Jenny shot down, her head plastered next to Deb's in a lustful attempt to gobble up any stray gushes from Ty's climax. When the gushes ceased she sucked, making slurping noises while her lips ran over Deb's skin, gathering the cherished extract when it overflowed and dripped out of her mouth. Debra's willing tongue never stopped its torment of the superior woman's clit, yielding only when she felt the familiar hand on her head pushing her away.

Jenny came to Deb with eyes wild with lust and continued stroking her cheek and neck as if to wipe every bit of Ty's juice off her delicate skin. They made-out with her for a long, long time and might have begun their own intimate lovemaking had it not been for Ty's interruption.

Again," she said.

Jenny's eyes remained filled with desire when she broke away, her hand gently caressing the cheek of her lover. When they both focused on Ty she was already lying flat on the bench, her knees parted.

"You know we never do it just once," she said huskily. "Get your head down there where it belongs."

Deb position herself as ordered while Jenny once more began kissing her way slowly up to the woman's mouth where she would be violated again.

Ever since the sexual escapade had started, Lisa had been watching from a nearby bench. She sat on the soft leather plank that Bobby had been using to bench press sometime earlier, her arms resting easily on the steel bar resting idly on the rack with several large plates hanging from either end. Directly in front she watched the spectacle of the blonde and the brunette gratifying the voluptuous dark woman now elongated and splayed. She felt some of those similar feelings she knew Ty felt exponentially more intense. Her desire grew as her body readied itself. She understood the play; that act one was about to finish and act two would soon start with her moving to center stage.

The ritualistic service was quite predicable. Debra of course was given the honor of bringing her off. It was how Ty wanted it; how the agreement had been made. Jenny was needed of course but had never been given access to Ty's flower whenever Deb was present. Ty referred to her as an adjunct, as someone there to compliment her principal slave and make the whole episode that much more pleasurable.

While Deb's face remained buried between the swollen mounds of her pussy Jenny pleasured her up above. Mostly she offered Ty her mouth since that's what she always had demanded. She had brought up her fantasy one evening over dinner and ever since Jenny had willingly obliged.

Jenny felt Ty pull at her hair. It was the unspoken message to move to her pussy. She didn't want to leave; she loved Ty's energy. The feeling of her tongue inside her was something she loved and felt so different than Lisa's. Something about the way she took her made her feel especially submissive - almost used. She loved being kissed, and loved Ty's kisses more than anyone. They were so different; so invasive. She cherished every time Ty held her face and forced her slippery tongue in and around her mouth.

She left reluctantly, quickly moving down to Deb pressing her face against hers as the two women's mouths and tongues stroked the chocolate woman's pussy to one more wonderful climax.

Ty cried arching her hips high above the bench. "Aaaaaagggghhhh, aaaaggghhh, aaaaggghhh, yessss." She screamed and squirted a short blast of sweet nectar into Deb's mouth causing her to plunge her tongue deeply inside the wet slot. Ty squirted again and again Deb dove in deep while Jenny slurped liberal amounts of her nectar.

When Ty's body eventually fell completely limp after a full minute of violent contractions of Deb's doing she lay quietly, not moving a single muscle while feeling the most wonderful feelings of exhaustion overwhelm her. The feeling was one of true fatigue, a product of both the workout and the sexual interlude but also from the knowledge of having subjugated two women. It was the latter that made this rest so pleasant. How many could make a peer, a friend even, stoop so low? It was the sweet feel of power that felt so nice. It was feeling Deb's head resting quietly between her legs, her brunette hair flowing over one leg and knowing she wouldn't dare move until excused. Ty sighed delighting in that thought.

Jenny looked up. Her eyes met Lisa's who motioned her to come which she silently did, not wanting to disturb Ty's peace. Shedding all remnants of clothes she crossed the short distance, her expression beautiful. Lisa had already slipped out of her garments, her milky white skin contrasting dramatically against the inky black hair that cascaded down around her breasts. Jenny eyed them longingly but Lisa had other plans. Pointing to the floor Jenny lay and Miss Texas lay on her. The two embraced; their lips engaging; their hands exploring.

"Let's go," Ty said holding out a hand. Deb took it and together they left just as Lisa mounted Jenny's face and gently began fucking her.

Bobby had long since showered. Checking his list of duties for the day he had vacuumed the carpets in three rooms and dry mopped the wood floors in the entryway. Knowing he needed to clean the bathrooms in two of the guest rooms he finished one and then moved to the next. Upon entering into the hall, he noticed Ty and Deb walking arm in arm, their hips swaying deliciously. Neither wore a stitch of clothing. Seeing them but for a few seconds they passed into the Mistress bedroom. Grinning, he admired their perfect figures, tight asses and the bond they obviously shared. He also wondered what had happened during the past two hours that caused them to get in this frame of mine. He wondered if the screeches and cries he had heard several minutes ago had anything to do with why they were together now. "Was Mistress bisexual?" From what he gathered in those brief seconds it sure appeared that way.

It was then that thoughts of who he was in relation to Mistress returned like a rushing wind. It was not his place to ask. It was not his place to fantasize or dream or do anything at all. The rules with her were no different than when with Mistress Sharon. He knew better than to ever think of intruding on her life. Instead he pushed any thoughts of learning more aside; knowing his purpose here was to build her self esteem by supporting her efforts and catering to her needs whenever possible. He felt his cock straining yet again in the confined prison he couldn't wait to be free of.

Downstairs, Lisa had already gently ridden Jenny to one luscious orgasm. Basking in the afterglow, she reclined on the bench, her back resting on the bar, her steel blue eyes peering down at Jenny who knelt to one side and suckled on one breast. She observed her draw the hardened nipple into her mouth, and felt the sucking and twirling actions as she ministered to her sensitive tissues. Lisa peered down while she gazed up, her mouth full, her cheeks drawn in, her lips puckered over the darkened areola hidden beyond the puckered folds of her lips.

Lisa wanted Jenny to know she was watching. She wanted her to realize she was indeed pleasing her. Most of all she wanted Jenny to wordlessly admit that her role was that of Lisa's sexual attendant. "How many times had she called Jenny in to her office while they were at work and somehow found them doing exactly this?" she thought. How many times had they made love? How many times had Jenny put her own desires aside to satisfy hers? Lisa loved Jenny. She was so gentle, so pretty and so willing to please. She knew she loved being with both men and women and as her housemate, her own slave, she filled Lisa's lust for feminine love completely and perfectly.

Jenny and Deb however were not alike. Jenny did this because it was who she was. Debra had over motivating factors governing her allegiance to Ty. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back as she returned her thoughts to the sensations the blonde provided and listened to Jenny's quiet suckles.

"I need one more orgasm my little girl."

"How do you want me?"

"Kneeling of course. You know how I don't like to cum when I'm standing."

Jenny smiled and assumed the position. Lisa too assumed her position and ten minutes later, she exploded. She didn't leak much. She never did. Only Ty was able to really cum with such explosive liquid force but that didn't make what she felt any less. When Lisa came she came quietly but with her entire body tensing into one unmitigated arching contraction. When Ty came she cried out. When Deb did, she often screamed. Lisa however made delicate little meows and ah sounds and she had no idea how Jenny responded since she had never ever permitted her to cum.

Forty five minutes later, the foursome had showered and dressed and now conversed easily in the other room while Bobby prepared dinner which turned out to be both sumptuous and satiating. The four women and the lone slave sat talking and reminiscing around the dinner table as if nothing abnormal had taken place earlier. Nor did they make any fuss over the fact they were socializing with a naked man who happened to be locked in a two inch chastity appliance; a slave who waited on them hand and foot whenever they needed anything.

There was no mention of any of the earlier frolicking. It was as if it never happened. Bobby wondered why Mistress and Ty hadn't spoken of their 'together' time which he had stumbled upon, but then, neither of them knew they had been spotted. But then, he had no clue of any of the festivities that had taken place in the gym, although he did wonder what the commotion had been while the four girls were working out.

After a few rounds of drinks the girls called it a night and Debra retired to a cozy loveseat in the corner of the living room. Patting the cushion beside she signaled for him to join her. She turned on the TV, selected a movie and turned down the lights, remotely of course. Mistress and slave cuddled for the next two hours, sipped wine and enjoyed a romantic evening. They spent several of the commercial interludes making out, all of which were initiated by Mistress.

The evening ended with Mistress guiding her slave to the bedroom, pointing to the bed where he assumed she'd mount his face and enjoy his oral skills. This evening, however she lay prostrate on his body, her pussy resting just above his cage and her breasts dangling deliciously.

"Kiss me," she whispered.

Bobby smiled pleasingly, looked into her brown eyes and kissed her lips softly.

Deb grinned. "Kiss me again; this time kiss me twice as long."

Bobby willingly obliged. After several more practice rounds, Mistress scooted upward and let her breasts hang within inches of her slave's mouth.

"Kiss me here," she said again.

Bobby resisted the urge to take her erect nipples into his mouth and kissed them ever so gently. Mistress hummed approvingly, her soft moans encouraging him to kiss again, and again. Five minutes later, and after Bobby had placed hundreds of soft kisses on and around her soft lobe she moved upward, this time it was her pussy that stared at him.

Deb looked down. "Kiss me," she stifled a giggle.

Bobby placed one soft one, barely even touching one of the two puffy lips.

"Again," and when he did - "again."

Rather than making him take her the way he usually did she withstood her carnal urge to see what might happen if she only let him kiss her outer folds and keeping that magical tongue of his in his mouth.

"Keep kissing until I tell you otherwise. I love seeing you between my legs. You look so beautiful there."

"I belong here," he said between puckered touches. "And you look so divine from where I lay."

The sight of her sloping breasts upon which perky nipples protruded along with her perfectly shaped body really did make for a memorable view. He continued the enviable assignment while Mistress whispered periodic encouragement. Several minutes later he felt the first drip. That slow drip, drip trickle continued for as long as he continued to kiss. Some of her sweetness fell onto his lips, most landed on his chin and dribbled along his cheek and then down onto the bed sheet below. He noticed her sensitivity growing and soon she pressed herself fully against his mouth and ordered him to eat. Five minutes later, her body ignited and Mistress cried out in ecstasy as mixed waves of love, affection, lust and desire overtook her momentarily.

"I love being with you," she said. Her body was now wrapped tightly around his. She couldn't withdraw that statement. She did love being with him. She loved everything about him. The thoughts had begun to form. She was falling for him and in truth she couldn't have been more pleased.

Even though his cock remained locked, Deb continued to take advantage of her slaves other abilities. On most days, just before he served her lunch. Often in a playful mood when she came in to eat at noon, she teased him. "You must be starving," she'd say. "I mean you've been working nonstop since I last saw you. What's it been four hours without food? You must be famished!"

Bobby would usually smile while Mistress went on with the charade that he wasn't getting enough of all the food-groups in his diet. Then she'd point to the floor and present him with a dripping pussy to munch on. Insisting he needed all five food groups, the fifth of course being her sweet nectar she let him lap a good while just to get her body good and revved. She found his tongue to be almost as good as the feelings aroused when she mounted his cock and in some ways it was even more enjoyable. It never tired and it never softened; something his cock did nearly every time she had mounted him. Deb fucked his mouth until coming at least two or three times. Only then would she send him to the kitchen to retrieve the meal he had ready to serve.

Riding his face or putting him between her legs, either while she reclined or stood with legs firmly splayed became part of her noonday and pre-sleep routine. She loved having him lick her pussy until feelings of utter exhaustion and satisfaction permeated every cell in her body. Nothing felt better than reaching five or six explosive orgasms, seeing his face covered in her juice and then slipping between the sheets to cuddle and talk until the desire for rest won out. When she finally turned away, a snap of her finger was all that was needed for him to commence massaging her back until she fell sound asleep. He had orders to continue until she had been resting peacefully for at least half an hour. In her subconscious she'd feel him stop and then curl in tightly behind, one hand cupping a breast. The security of his presence and the feeling of his strong hand and muscular arm draped over her slender body made for perfect sleeping conditions.

During his week-long recovery Debra sensed the obvious attraction she had for him mount. Part of her brain insisted she remain cautious but a progressively greater part told her to just let it happen. When they were together she found it almost awkward to remain psychologically distant. Bobby made her feel safe, secure and above all loved and adored. She felt his doting, enjoyed his idolizing her beauty but mostly she knew his care was genuine and indeed it was. As her personal slave he spent most of his waking hours doing exactly that - looking out for her. Cooking, cleaning, maintaining her home, satisfying her sexually and working on his own personal health predominated his waking hours and Debra found an immense attraction in knowing he did it all for her. The fact he had no choice didn't factor into her growing feelings of admiration. They both loved this life; Deb finally having the freedom to do as she wished and having the security of the strong man living in her house brought much joy. For Bobby, slavery to Mistress became his all consuming passion. He wanted nothing more than to see her beautiful smile, receive praise for work well done, and spend hours each evening conversing, laughing, and enjoying the honor of being in her presence and realize she was opening her heart to him and his love for her.

...

"Now when I take this off Bobby, you're going to grow from two-inches to over eight. The little blue pill along with your own excitement will work its magic," she said smiling up at the naked man standing with arms clasped overhead. "There is going to be some initial pain when you get hard. I want you to know that. Keeping you locked permitted the wound to heal nicely but it also allowed adhesions to form that your pending erection will quickly break. It's going to be uncomfortable. Just deal with it, the discomfort will only last for a few seconds."

Deb sat staring at the caged cock. Her heart pounded in anticipation of what she had waited a week to see. When Layla slid it off Bobby violently gasped but remained still, his face creased as the adhesions broke and racked his cock with tear producing sensations. Deb, oblivious to all he felt, watched him suddenly inflate to a massive new volume and leapt to her feet. She stared at the erection. He was so thick!

"Oh Bobby, it's beautiful! Oh Bobby! Oh Baby, you look so beautiful! Thank you Layla! Oh my God this is so perfect. I feel so happy!" After closing the final few inches she embraced his torso and kissed him deeply all while he remained in Present and while Layla smiled and stood appreciating the intimate interlude. Deb's tongue explored her slave's mouth. She wiggled her hips to nuzzle the thick serpent pressed between their two bellies.

Bobby felt myriad emotions as the pain Layla had warned him about coursed through every inch of his cock and the sweet touch of Mistress overwhelmed him. He wanted to cry and in fact was. At least tears fell down both cheeks. The emotions associated with the sudden discomfort were replaced with ones of gratitude. His newly formed cock had produced some of the most profound expressions of unabashed joy he had ever heard and it all was because of what he possessed, what he wielded, what he now would forever brandish. While the tears of pain flowed, while the tears of gratitude followed, he did his best to remain strong while his beautiful mistress held him tight.

Finally she broke the embrace, fondled his cock bent to kiss the sensitive head.

"Oh my God!" she cried out again as a new round of tears fell. "It's beautiful! Look, look how big he is!"

"I take that to mean you like the change?" Layla said smiling brightly.

Debra's face lit with joy. Only then did she raise her eyes to see Bobby wiping tears away as he finally recovered from the sharp pains and myriad emotions flooding his thoughts.

"What do you think?" Debra asked reaching out to touch the thick stock ever so gently.

He looked at his cock for the first time. It felt heavier; like it was harder to keep it up at the same angle. Mostly it looked so big around. It was thick. It was manly and the more he got use to the sight of it, the more he liked what the doctor had done.

"I think I need a much bigger retaining ring," he said grimacing. "Is there any way to get that thing off? It really hurts!"

Layla quickly recognized and assessed the problem. She wrapped both hands tightly around his massive shaft and squeezed hard. "Put your hands over mine and help me squeeze," she instructed Deb.

The two of them bore down, forcing blood to retreat and when it had, Bobby quickly slipped the steel ring free of his genitals in. The three of them stared in amazement as his cock once more lengthened and then thickened to its new normal.

"God, that's a big cock!" Bobby exclaimed. Holding it in his hand, even he couldn't wrap his fingers around to make his thumb and index finger touch without squeezing really hard. "It feels so heavy hanging off me."

Debra embraced Layla. "I don't know how to thank you," she said. Her eyes were bloodshot, her makeup had run and she couldn't have cared less at the moment. Layla accepted the compliment humbly. It was times like this that made her job so rewarding. To see she could make a difference in a couple's love life was indeed a precious gift she could impart others. She smiled, trying to keep her own emotions intact.

"You can thank me after you take him for a test drive and see if things work out a little better this time, but before we get too far ahead of ourselves," she held up a cloth tape, moving it like a conductor would his baton. "Let's take a few measurements, shall we, and see just how big he is. My records show his shaft girth was 5 5/8" prior to surgery and his head a little less than seven inches. She wrapped the tape around and tugged at the slack.

"Seven and one quarter!" This time it was Layla sounding amazed as she read off numbers that meant little to either Deb or Bobby. Deb watched while Layla scribbled down a few calculations. "Look at this!" She said handing her the paper just as two drips fell from the end of his cock.

Deb read the two numbers Layla had hastily circled before handing her the notepad, "5 5/8 and 7 1/4".

"He's almost twice as big as he was before," Layla said pointing to the larger number. "To be precise, he now possesses 88% more volume in that big boy." She reached out and gave it an energetic squeeze. "That's why it feels so heavy Bobby. It's massively larger from a girth standpoint."

Deb didn't quite see how she came to that conclusion although he Bobby agreed it felt about twice the weight.

"Pi r squared, my dear; remember that formula from high school?"

"I do," she said not paying Layla a bit of attention. Instead her hands were gripping, fondling and stroking the massive cock. She grinned as another drip plummeted to the floor.

Bobby watched her smile. When she bit down on the tip of her tongue he knew what she was thinking. Right now her panties were probably getting soaked. Whenever mistress got horny she almost always bit down like that. The thought made him grin although neither woman had observed his reaction to her cute response. Their eyes remained fixed directly ahead.

"I didn't want to say this before we knew what penis shape you preferred but I was never a fan of a thick bulbous head on a smaller shaft but this shape, I absolutely adore." Layla gently held one hand underneath the thick erection and ran the fingers of her other hand along either side of the heavyset shaft.

"See how the head sits perfectly on top of the slightly larger base? This looks so much better aesthetically."

" I love the look too and he's dripping even more than when he was locked."

That will slow once you stop the injections but it's going to be a permanent side effect of having large balls."

"I don't mind him weeping. Personally I look at it as an indication of how much he wants me."

"You're probably not too far off in your assessment. The other nice thing about this will be when you give him a blow job." Her smile reached her eyes. "You'll get to experience firsthand what real juicy piece of meat is like."

Deb covered her mouth and giggled. Layla always had a way with words seemingly at the darnedest of times.

"But even with him so much thicker, it probably won't change a thing when you suck on him because you aren't going to get much more than his head into your mouth anyway," she said snickering.

"Doctor!" Debra said facetiously, "you're not supposed to make your patients horny!"

Layla smiled and then reached under with both hands feeling to oblong testicles hanging invisibly inside the thin skinned sack. Bobby groaned in pain.

"Painful?"

"Very!" he answered.

"I can tell the difference already," she said, directing her comment to Deb. "I think you should go at least another seven days."

"I was considering the possibility going two."

"Just take it a week at a time sweetheart. Remember you can't go back on this and we can always insert another line later if you want them a little larger."

Deb smiled. "You know, this whole experience has been so much fun. I feel like I'm getting the best Christmas gift even though it's still the middle of summer."

"Well then, do you want me to tell him to pull his pants up or do you want to keep him unwrapped and enjoy him before you take him home?"

"If you don't mind, I think I would like to sample." Acting totally out of character, Debra leaned forward, opened her mouth as wide as it would go and took the massive cock as far as she could. His head and maybe an inch of his shaft disappeared.

Bobby felt the warmth of her mouth and closed his eyes to better concentrate on the feelings her orifice made. He watched her withdrawal completely and then try again. Mistress repeated the ritual of swallowing and sucking him several times until she finally gagged.

"That's as far as I can go," she said mostly to herself, her finger indicating where her lips had advanced on his cob.

Layla smiled. "Dear, you weren't even close to half way. Maybe a little practice and that gag will go away and you'll be able to take him more fully."

"Do you really think so?"

She smiled. "I don't see why not. We get better at most things if we practice long enough and the gag reflex can be trained to wane and eventually dissipate if you're willing to be persistent."

"Then practice it is." She held the thick pole in both hands. "But training will have to wait for later." She stared at the enormously thick rod as two more drips fell from the cockslit. "You do drip a ton!"

Layla handed her a condom. "Use it until you get home. It will keep your car seat from getting marks and his slacks from getting spotted."

Deb unrolled the latex until it covered his head. Ok, let's go. After thanking Layla for everything and sending Bobby ahead to the car, she remained behind to talk. A few minutes later, she came walking briskly out the door where Bobby stood by the driver's side door, waiting to open it when she arrived. Deb started the engine, and gunned it, heading back to her palatial home.

"Now I can have some real fun!" she thought smiling and keeping her eyes fixed on the road before her. Her hand stroked her new toy. Oh how sweet it felt!

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 06
byKatiekatsman©

No sooner had the door closed then Bobby heard the snap, snap of her fingers and saw the signal to lose the clothes. Quickly shedding and depositing his shirt, slacks, socks and shoes into the secure laundry chute he shut the chute door. The slide ended two floors below in the basement laundry room. Having no access to clothing happened to be another of her security guards against any thoughts of leaving the premises. The chutes on both the middle and upper levels emptied into a closet on the lower floor to which only Mistress had a key. When he first realized this he wondered why that room, of all places had an extra level of security. Debra explained her purpose, not by unlocking the lower level door to explain, but by escorting him to the Mistress bedroom and then into her walk-in closet. In one corner was a small wooden closet, no more than a foot wide. The door could only be opened with a key.

"Here is where I keep your belongings." She unlocked the door for him to see the few items hanging on the single pole. "Why do you think I keep these two doors locked? She asked referring to the one she held open and the laundry collection closet one floor below.

"I have no idea Mistress," he remembered asking.

"I don't want you having access to your clothes unless I give you permission. It's really quite simple."

Her answer was unpretentious yet profound. His remaining naked was a priority. A naked slave meant he likely wouldn't be leaving without her knowledge. If he did, he'd have to use the pink jumpsuit and yellow slippers kept by the front entrance. They were the only items he had ready access that would fit. Her intention, he knew was to ensure he couldn't access personal garments at will. Not only was the dirty laundry only available when she permitted him but so were clean clothes. They were kept in the locked closet. Bobby soon understood that behind the Mistress' beautiful eyes and bright smile abided an attitude of possessiveness. She had not revealed any hint of a sadistic side but in the short time since his arrival she had been made plainly regarding disobedience. It would not be looked upon fondly or taken lightly. He wondered if there was more than the electrical shock and no access to clothing currently at play to make certain her prized possession remained safe and sound at home.

"As soon as I'm through fucking you, remind me to get you refitted with a new collar." She motioned to the swelling sausage and bit down on her lip, smiling with anticipation.

It was the first unemotional statement she had made in the last hour. Mostly she was a ball of feelings ready to explode. Her excitement at his metamorphosis was palpable. Almost the entire drive home she had fondled the thick shaft that remained rock hard. Both his excitement at the prospect of what would happen when they were home as well as the little blue pills' enchanting effects worked in erectile synchrony, ensuring his sausage remained firm and stout. His skin felt as if it was about to split apart. Having no inner wall to constrain the engorged corpus cavernosum permitted the spongy tissue to press unimpeded against the skin tissue, now that the facia had been severed. Layla had assured him the cut tissue ends would eventually 'find' one another and ease the stretching sensation he currently felt. Bobby didn't know how long that would take but wondered if the constant stress would inevitably make him even thicker than he was now. He couldn't imagine being even thicker and put that thought aside.

"Where do you want to enjoy me?"

Deb didn't answer. She grabbed the thick and juicy shaft with the nearly full condom dangling from its prominent head. Bobby followed, admiring her swaying hips and strong legs. The short sapphire blue dress revealed an ample portion of thigh and clung tightly to every succulent curve of her faultless body. Professionally tasteful yet erotically alluring the thin material left little to the imagination. He felt his cock twitching excitedly within her grip as she led him downstairs. Pulling him along by the thick pole they entered one of the spare bedrooms. This one was almost as large as hers.

"Present slave," she said smiling broadly.

Deb stood back and slowly discarded the dress, bra and panties in the fashion of a seductress. After lighting two candles she hit the light switch and the room darkened to an enchanting glow. "I want to turn this room into a play room eventually. We can make it any way we want but I want it to be a fun place where we can go have some fun every now and then. Make a note when we're through to talk about it. Now, arch your back more." Deb pulled at his cock and while pushing his chest in the opposite direction. Her full breasts swayed delightfully with every movement of her body.

Walking around him while wearing only heels and thigh-high stockings she appeared catlike. Moving like a lion ready to pounce, she sized up her prey; her lithe body responding to the sight of the meal about to be consumed. Mistress' breasts jiggled with each step; crinkled nipples now stood tall, hard and stiff. A glossy sheen could be seen in and immediately around her slit. Her outer lips grew puffy and were retracted somewhat. Bobby could see the more delicate deeper red of her inner folds. Mistress was fully aroused. She grabbed him with both hands and sighed.

"My slave, you are indeed beautiful. I think you are mouth-wateringly hot and I want you!" She cupped his balls and squeezed one gently. They too had rapidly grown, now about the size of limes, almost double what they were. That meant they were making so much more fluid. The condom encapsulating his thick head was now completely full. Carefully she removed the balloon without spilling any of the precious contents.

"Kneel."

Looking down their eyes met. "One of the things I love about you is your willingness to enjoy your cream."

Bobby nodded and smiled.

"I love the taste of your cream too. It's sweet and thick and clings to the inside of my mouth." She held the latex container close to him. It must have held a couple ounces of the translucent pre-cum. "We're going to share this. I want you to think of this as a symbol of our bond. Whenever you taste your cream I want you to think of me. After I give pour this into your mouth I want you to share it so I can enjoy it with you. Then I'll give it to you again and when I do I want you to swallow. Now open." Grinning with pride, she slowly poured the syrupy contents into his waiting orifice. "Close."

Bobby felt the now room temperature cream fill his mouth. There wasn't so much that he couldn't handle it easily but the amount she dumped in took him by surprise. "I leaked all of that?" he thought. He watched mistress from his knees while he held the cream that seemed to involuntarily adhere to every surface of his mouth and tongue. Instinctively he began salivating, his juices mixing one with the other.

Pressing an index finger into the butt end of the condom Mistress pushed it inside-out and sucked the remaining cream still clinging to the latex. Motioning for him to stand and present she joined him, their lips meeting, his firm arousal pressing into her soft belly. Probing his mouth, he yielded to her tongue. Cream spilled outward, flowing into hers. She moaned. No longer did she feel cheery or spry. A covetous desire to bury his stalk inside became her predominant thought. Cognizant of the fact she had brought him here for the express purpose of serving her wants and needs aroused her even more. Breaking their kiss she motioned for him to present from a kneeling position. Their lips met; the heat of her passion rose. Invading his mouth her tongue penetrated his cavity again and she released the mixture of his cream and their saliva.

"Now swallow," she said hungrily.

Pulling at his hair, she thrust her pussy into his waiting mouth. Bobby quickly gulped the semen mixture and opened wide. Feeling his tongue dart along her inner petals and twirl around her sensitive clit made Deb sigh quietly.

He knew this was not a time to play. She wanted an orgasm. Every part of her body screamed for one. Her flow increased in preparation for the intruder she'd soon take. Flicking his tongue randomly along the inner creases of her aroused membranes he found the spot. She gasped. Gazing upward Bobby watched as her chest heaved, and those gorgeous knockers rose and fell. Watching the outline of her nipples standing at attention he imagined how good they'd feel between his lips. Withdrawing his tongue he sucked on her bud. She started whimpering progressively louder until her body tensed and she cried out, "Oh slave! Oh ... s-slave! Ahhhhh!!"

Holding his head firmly she pumped her hips up and down over his face, encouraging what she felt to feel even better. After many long seconds of shaking, and crying ecstatically, as if to express what couldn't be put into words, her body relaxed and she collapsed. Deb sat on his thighs and wrapped her arms tightly around his neck.

Bobby returned the embrace, drawling her in with strong arms that wreathed her thin shapely frame.

"I love you," she said. "I love you." She didn't know from where the words came but they came freely and with passion. Somewhere deep within they flowed without reservation or caution.

"I love you too Mistress."

For a long minute they embraced. Although his shaft stood fully engorged and poked wantonly up into her ass and although it leaked profusely now soaking the two of them, she ignored his immaculate cock and let herself be swallowed inside the embrace of his strong arms - his strong, loving and devoted arms. Tears flowed from her eyes and she absorbed the many kissing pecking at her neck that she knew Bobby was giving because of the admiration he held for her. It wasn't his body that made her cry. It wasn't his cock. It was him; the real him; the gentle, caring, loving, devoted, obedient him. His handsomeness was merely icing on the cake. All of the surgical changes paled in comparison with how she felt about Bobby the person; he was so hers, and wanted to be hers. All of this felt suddenly overwhelming and she cried some more - happy cries of joy.

"Please enjoy me, Mistress," Bobby said amidst the kisses he kept planting on her neck, shoulder and ear. He sensed something powerful had just happened. Indeed some sort of intimate bond had formed. Maybe it had been there all along but something blossomed, something greater had taken place when they shared his cum. Kissing and holding one another tightly she wept. It all felt so intimate, so very intimate. Their behaviors were unimpeded and visceral. Indeed they had crossed some sort of divide and in the process became closer than ever. Maybe in fact, love had overtaken them both.

"Lie back Bobby," she whispered.

Awkwardly he unkinked his legs from under her and stretched his tall frame on the plush carpet. His log, thick and full lurched upward. His cockslit yawned open and cum leaked almost continually down his shaft in a steady trickle. Large balls that mostly matched his immense penis hung placidly, waiting for the signal to partake in the sexual congress between dominant and submissive.

"You look so beautiful." Her comment addressed his entirety but her eyes were fixed on his transformation.

"I love knowing you are mine, my slave. I love knowing all of this," she motioned with her hand from head to foot, "is all for me to enjoy. Most of all I love knowing that part," she pointed to his head, "loves me."

"Then come and enjoy me, my Mistress."

She smiled, mouthed a kiss and descended, grabbing his manhood in one hand and aiming it at her crevice.

"You are not to cum unless I give you permission."

On the surface her words sounded so beautiful. Yet in his subconscious he worried. He had failed her every time but one and that was only because she went so very slow. He hoped and prayed the changes Layla brought about would provide him the stamina to endure. She deserved only the very best. He answered, "Yes Ma'am."

"Watch me, my slave. Don't take your eyes off me. I want to see your desire. I want to feel your lust for me in those beautiful eyes."

He nodded and smiled broadly. Deb slowly opened her legs and let him enter her inner sanctuary.

The response, the feeling, the emotions were so much more intense than when she had used the phallus at Layla's. Deb cried out; her breathing suddenly coming in short gasps and in ragged bursts as if his intrusion had been more than she could tolerate.

And indeed it almost was. The absurdly chunky pole stretched her more than she'd ever been opened. Debra felt like every fold of her vagina had unfurled, permitting thousands upon thousands of sensory nerves access to his manhood and the stimulation it produced. The feeling was beyond comprehension! Tears of joy again streamed down her cheeks as she sank, engulfing all her tunnel could hold. Now, filled to capacity, she hadn't the room for his final two inches. Feeling the soft head press against 'that' part of her was indeed too much. She lifted, letting him slide almost all the way out before taking him once more.

Bobby watched, studying her response and knowing this was the feeling he hoped she'd feel. The newly renovated genital was proving to be an ideal one. Lying under such a spectacularly built woman was a privilege that very few would ever enjoy. Being fucked by one who reciprocated mutual feelings of love and passion was an even rarer event. Bobby didn't take what was happening here lightly. He understood how fortunate he was. Being able to see her finally able to enjoy him to her fullest satisfied the deepest part of his submissive self. His thoughts moved from what he felt to what he was letting her feel. His mind vicariously enjoyed what she experienced while observing her body respond to the mammoth cock entering and leaving her sacred tunnel.

Seeing her rise and fall on a penis that fit her so perfectly brought forth emotions that drew him to her. Those sentiments grew hotter, solidifying previous ones. To be a submissive was one thing; to be sexually subservient was yet something more. But to be so fond, so overtaken with feeling; to know he was unabashedly proud, even to the point of gloating, at making love with such a beauty was so much more. Mistress's congress, her uniting in mind and body, seemed, at least at this moment to sear his forever-commitment. He wanted her; not as a man typically wants a woman but he couldn't deny he desired her in that way as well. Even more he wanted to be hers, to be known as hers, to serve her, and most of all to see this level of elation and bliss which he saw on her precious face now.

Together they united. Her lovemaking seared in his heart to never more want, lust, or desire another. Seeing her slim frame topped with perfect tits filled him with gratitude and indebtedness for all she had done for him. He was so unworthy for any of this. A Tennessee country boy didn't deserve her. No one did. And yet he was here. He was here because she had claimed him; wanted him; chose him! The entire concept was mind-boggling.

"It feels so good right there," she gasped interrupting his thoughts.

He could feel his cockhead pressing against the far end of her tunnel. "I'm so glad. I love being right here. You are so beautiful Mistress."

"Mmmm, thank you Bobby. I love hearing those words. You know," she said changing course, "Layla told me that when you're here, at this spot that feels so good, it's because you're pressing at the entrance to my cervix." She groaned again and maneuvered her hips around, apparently trying to intensify whatever felt so nice.

"Enjoy me Baby. I want you to feel good. It feels good for me too. Feels really good; not too intense but really nice."

"Good," she said, her voice raspy with fervor.

Deb spent another five minutes doing nothing more than rotating her hips while remaining fully impaled. Her grunts, gasps, and moans filled the room with passionate lust. Whatever she perceived remained profoundly intense. Finally she lifted and sank, then rose and sank again. The fucking had begun and although he could sense her muscles milking him with involuntary rhythmic contractions, this time their activity felt super good but not overly so.

"Cum for me, Mistress. Enjoy me. Feel my cock inside you," he encouraged.

"Trust me, I'm just getting started," she said, her eyes twinkling with play.

Deb looked at him, and observed his own desire. She closed hers, feeling him only with her vagina. He felt so very nice. Finally she opened them and stared down between her legs as the thick and veined sausage disappeared with each suckling descent. Bobby's eyes remained transfixed on her. He observed every change in her emotion while she did his. He studied her beauty while she encouraged his submissive surrender with each dominant movement of her body. Her carnal lust grew with each fuck. He saw it in her face; he saw it in the way she moved; he heard it in the declarations she voiced.

Soon she moved at an efficient pace, letting him slide in and out freely. In no hurry to cum, she rested both hands on his chest, using them as a fulcrum about which to rock her hips up and down while staring deeply into his giving eyes. Heavy breasts swung invitingly before him. Her nipples strained, seemingly to yearn for the touch of his lips. She smiled knowing what he was thinking.

"You can suck on them later slave but not now."

"You look so beautiful," he grunted. "And you feel incredible."

"Oh Bobby," she said, her words suddenly becoming more ragged. "Oh God!"

Mistress pumped harder, the repetitive movements quickening as if wanting to reach some unseen finish-line yesterday. Suddenly she screamed. "Ahhhhhhh!" Her body wracked violently in a spasm and she came in a glorious cry of ecstasy. Shaking she came again and again. One orgasm built on the next. Bobby watched; her face contorted in both joy and pain; her neck arched completely back; her tits thrust ferociously forward.

As the wave rescinded so did her strength and she crumpled forward and into his waiting arms. Her lips went to his and with his rod still impaled deep inside her sopping hole they explored one another's mouth.

"That is how I always dreamed it would feel like," she cooed. "Bobby that felt wonderful. Oh God that felt good." Deb wiggled her hips making sure he knew to what it was she was referring.

"I didn't cum," he said almost with relief.

"Close?"

"Not really, but it felt better than any time before."

"Mmmm!" she purred. "And you're still so hard. You are the best slave a girl could ever dream of owning."

Bobby could hear both seriousness and flirtation in her words and most likely there was both. He felt her muscles purposely milking his concrete cock and grinned. "How could I be anything else but? Look at who is lying on me. You are so stunning, so," he paused in thought and then blurted, "so yummy!"

Deb laughed. "Yummy? I don't think I've ever been referred to as that before but I'll take it as a compliment," she said blushing slightly. "I'm glad you feel that way."

"I'll always feel that way. It's an honor to be your slave, Mistress; an honor to be fucked by you."

Ignoring his compliment she stated, "Oh," she sighed. "That feels so nice when your cockhead presses right there," she pushed down increasing the pressure.

Bobby smiled.

"Layla told me if I could ever get you to open my cervix my orgasm would be mind-blowing."

"She said that?" He said excitedly.

"Well, not exactly. She put it more clinically; something to the effect that it would be exponentially more powerful than any one I ever had conventionally."

"That sounds pretty good."

"That's what she told me. All I know is when you're right here," she pressed again, "that it feels really really good."

"Mmmm! I hope I can help you get there." He thought for a few seconds. "But does that mean I'd have to open you enough to put my whole head in there?"

Look how much further you can go," Deb noted reaching down to the base of his pole. "There's at least two inches of you not in me."

"Is it safe for me to penetrate your cervix? I mean if you ever opened, my whole head would go in there."

"I guess so or she wouldn't have told me."

"Do you want to try?"

"Not today, My One. I want one more and I want you to cum when I do." She kissed him again, her affection visibly apparent.

Kissing, first along the ridge of his chin and then making her way down across his neck Deb didn't stop until her lips found his chest. She enjoyed feeling the warmth of his body against her soft lips. Only then did she let his cob slide out. And only after did she sink further between his legs until her cheek nestled in the musky scent of his groin. Deb sucked and licked him as if his genitals were god-like idols. With long flat-tongued strokes she lapped away. Her cum had thoroughly coated and penetrated his soft skin and she recognized her own mildly musky taste, one that Tyaja had often made her sample. Pursing her lips she slid up each side of the thick pole, relishing the thought of how incredible this slick shaft had made her feel. She could feel the faint ridges of the pulsing purple veins traversing the perimeter of this impeccably shaped organ of pleasure.

Sticking her tongue into his yawning slit, she tasted his leakage. "I'm going to take you and go for as long as I can," she said softly, kissing his soft head tenderly. Quickly she straddled his hips and mounted. "You are not permitted an orgasm until I say so."

After plunging up and down several times she added, "And I want you watching my body. Since you like my tits so much you can fill your mind with how beautiful they are." Her words were soft and alluring. "I want you to see in your eyes just how much pleasure I'm giving you."

"Yes Mistress," he whispered. He could feel the stiffness of his appendage. It felt so odd to be so big. Up until today whenever he had an erection the unforgiving white fascia constrained his ultimate size but it had been sliced open. Now only his skin confined him and it felt so different. He could tell he was big and wondered if he'd get even bigger. He wondered how long it would take before scar tissue knitted the ends of his severed fascia together. Would it ever? He groaned as her muscles engulfed and contracted around the enormous intruder. Yet he had no urge to cum. She felt so very good, as if his arousal quickly progressed to an 8 or 9 on a 10 scale and stayed there.

Thirty seven minutes later, Deb, now wet with perspiration, her hair awry and her body visibly shaking from having come so close to the edge so many times could finally take him no more. Unable to make herself stop for the twentieth time to let the hypersensitivity of her cunt and clit pass, she pressed on. His shaft, balls and thighs were slick with her wetness. Her body ached to cum. With near frantic desire she placed both hands on his chest, let her heavy breast fall until they nearly touched his face and violently fucked him.

Bobby watched her magnificent tits jiggle and heave with each pounding of her hips. Feeling like he was now at a 9.9 in the excitement category he breathed in gasps, matching her frayed breathing. Falling once more she hissed, "Cum slave!"

Bobby did. They came together. Both bodies arched stiffly, forcing their sex organs deeper into one another. He gasped and grunted; she screamed aaaahhhs and grunts. Bobby's load shot deep inside, filling her hole. With balls almost twice their previous size they emptied their contents of milky thick cream into her well. Deb matched him, her juices flowing from her over-stimulated pores. Together their nectars blended.

She could feel his warm surges invade her once, twice, three - four times. With each spurt she felt him arch and saw his body strain with painful pleasure; filling her not only with his cream but with himself as he gave up his all to her. The erotic consummation lasted many seconds. He was the first to yield. She could feel the bulky log soften after serving its offering. When she was certain he was through she leapt off and quickly came to his waiting mouth. Cream spilled out of her. Neither had any idea there had been so much inside. A trail of his juice traced a linear path from his cock to his mouth and kept flowing once she seated her pussy over him. Warm sticky cream filled his mouth and still it came. Mistress reached behind and scooped finger-fulls off from the base of his shaft and ate.

When Deb saw the white goo leaking from his mouth she came to him, her lips locking onto his. Her tongue investigated his mouth and wherever it searched found gobs of the thick warm semen. Moans of pleasure filled the bedroom as the two intertwined their bodies. Eventually Mistress rolled off, pulling him with her. They lay side-by-side sharing the sweet nectar. Back and forth they exchanged, always with her dictating the ritualistic exchange of fluids. Finally when she had given it all to him one last time she pulled away.

"Swallow my slave and know you are mine."

She watched him do so obediently. They remained on the soft carpet for some time. Deb dozed quietly. Eventually she rose and pulled Bobby up by his semi-flaccid cock.

When they stood she looked at the floor and pointed to where they had lain. "I want this carpet cleaned first thing tomorrow. Make sure you use the carpet cleaner that's downstairs."

She led him into her bedroom feeling a sense of complete and unmitigated satisfaction. Her desire for him quenched; her lust no longer her predominant thought. She had no idea what he was feeling but imagined he felt similarly. The day was quickly passing and she had things to do. Leaving him to stand by the bed she went into a drawer and produced a small box. Inside were more of the steel cock-rings. These were larger - much larger.

Ten minutes later Deb looked approvingly at the large bands gracing the lengthy and engorged shaft. The rings and blue pill worked magically. The multi-ring make-up of his jewelry thrust his balls forward just enough to give them an air that they were presenting. She chose a total of three rings this time, rather than the five he had worn previously and wondered if he'd look even sexier with his huge balls hanging free with a steel band spanning the space between testicle and the underside of his shaft. She smiled thinking. Deb had all the time she wanted to make that decision and made a mental note to have a few bands specifically made for that purpose. She'd have them delivered in the next few days and then see how he'd look. At least for now, he was secure. She believed he also had no intention of ever leaving but still, one could never be overly cautious. His erection spoke to where his mind was- safe and secure in her presence. Yes, part of that had to do with the little blue pill but, "Even the little blue pills didn't work that well," she mused looking at his thick hardon.

...

After an exhausting workout, dinner, cleaning the bedroom carpet, engaging in a discussion in which Mistress shared her thoughts for changing the spare bedroom into a playroom, and the evening administration of the blue pill and an injection of hormones, the happy couple retired to a night of watching TV. Mistress lounged comfortably while her submissive sat with his back to the flat-screen massaging feet and legs. A condom hung limply from his cock-head. It was the second one since their afternoon love-making. The first was clothes pinned to a towel in her bathroom awaiting consumption.

When the show ended some two hours later, they headed to bed. Bobby stood in present mode while Mistress got ready for bed. As she passed by, she snapped the condom off, ordered him to his knees and emptied the two latex sacs into his mouth.

"Don't swallow until I tell you," she said straightforwardly. "Go toss these in the trash can and come to bed."

When he returned they kissed. However, this time she never sampled his fluids. After making out for some while and kissing his face everywhere, the process of which made it almost impossible for him not to laugh, he was given the ok to ingest, which he did without complaint.

Still content from her prolonged ride of his stalk and feeling a bit raw down there from all the action she was in no mood for more.

"Here," she said, handing him a condom, "don't forget to put this on just before you massage me."

Bobby opened the foil wrap and readied the balloon for later.

"Now hold me." He pulled her in close; his arms securing her warmly while one of her legs draped across his body. Her hand found his stiffy and she fondled it quietly for a long time.

"Can you believe the change Bobby?" She asked in a hushed tone.

"Not really. I'm still not use to seeing it hanging off me. It looks so different. Even feels different. Do you like it?"

"Like it?" she asked incredulously.

"Like the look, I mean. I know you like the feel but what about the look."

"I love the look. I don't think I'd like it as much if Layla hadn't shown me how to make your balls bigger. You look really sexy and I can't wait to see you with really big ones. You'll be the envy of any guy that sees you from now on," she said cheerfully.

"How big are you going to make them?" His question was a serious one. He could already feel the increased weight of them hanging in his sack and could see how much larger they had become in such a short amount of time.

"Lemons. I want them to be the size of two lemons."

"That's pretty big! That's about twice the size of what they are now?"

Deb giggled. "I considered oranges but I didn't want them to change the way you walked. So, yea, they are going to be pretty big but that's the look I'm going for."

"They still might."

"Might? What do you mean?"

"They might make me walk more bow-legged."

Deb giggled. "I don't think so. They aren't really between your legs; more like they are in front of them."

"I think they look pretty nice right now."

"I know but I want them bigger. I'm thinking of getting a silver spacer to really show them off."

Bobby giggled. "And you're sure it's safe for me to get that big?" He wasn't sure if the question was even appropriate but he had to ask. It was his body after all. He had to live with these things whenever they weren't being enjoyed.

"I'm trusting Layla on this and besides, I saw how big her husbands' balls were, didn't you?" Not waiting for a response, she added, "And we see her in a week. If she says I can go another few days with the injections I will." She fondled the somewhat mushy orbs making him tense in discomfort. "I think three weeks will be all you need. I mean, I can see them getting bigger almost daily now. They really are growing fast - faster than I ever thought they could."

"I'm going to be a freak when you're done with me."

She fondled one testicle. Although significantly larger than when the treatment began, they weren't nearly as firm. Now they had a somewhat mushy and gelatinous texture. Mistress figured they'd firm up once the injections were over. "You're not going to be a freak Bobby, and regardless, I'm the only one that's going to be seeing them anyway. You're doing this for me. Remember?"

"And Tyaja, and Lisa and Jenny and Katie," he added.

"OK, well maybe a few more than me but only those girls. No guys."

"Promise?"

Mistress raised her head to look at him. "Mistress never makes promises to her sub."

"Yes Mistress. I'm sorry I asked."

"Apology accepted." She rested her head back on that muscular spot where his chest and shoulder met.

Bobby inhaled, his head flexing forward so he could bury his face into her auburn hair. She smelled so good. It was a Debra smell and one he keenly knew to be her.

"Katie and I talked after we left you," she said changing the subject.

"I figured you would. She seemed almost too casual around me. I mean, we hadn't even met before."

"She is a unique woman, Bobby. I've watched her grow up over the years."

"Really?"

"She was maybe 14 or 15 when I moved here. I could tell she would be a beautiful woman when finally mature and she was quite enamored with me once she learned I was almost in the Miss America Pageant. She would made excuses to stop by. She was so cute back then." Deb snickered thinking back in time. "Here is your mail Ms. Ashby, or I brought you your newspaper, or I wanted to show you my new outfit. It took me a few visits to figure why she always seemed to show up at my doorstep but I eventually did."

"She is really pretty," Bobby agreed.

"And what is it about her attracts you?"

"Mistress, this isn't fair. You know I don't' like talking about other women's bodies with you."

"Anything is fair if I ask you a question. Besides all is fair in domme and sub. Haven't you heard that expression before?" she smiled.

"Something like that." He paused and then responded, trying to be tactful. "Her blonde hair and her long legs are really pretty and she's got a cute face," he conceded.

Deb smiled. Twisting her body so she could look into his eyes. She got comfortable. "And what about her breasts?"

"Their nice. Not as big as yours but their nice."

"Her nipples were pretty aroused when she came back into my office. Did you like seeing them sticking out like that?"

Bobby blushed. "I didn't notice."

"Don't lie to me," she said with an edge.

"OK, yes they were perky. And yes I liked seeing them that way. It's not erotic for me to see hers poking out. It's not the same as seeing yours. And besides, I like when women's nipples get hard."

"Why?"

"Because that's how a confident woman was meant to look. Why shouldn't she be permitted to let her body do what it instinctively wants? It's what happens to me with my penis. It's what my body does. It's what your body does. I don't believe women should feel ashamed. When I see a woman's nipples through their top I think that they aren't afraid to show their feminine desire. And to me, well, I associate that with being in control, if that makes any sense. Kind of like she's showing off her body the way it was meant to be shown."

"I like that thought. Is that how you feel about my nipples when they stand up?"

"That and more," he answered grinning broadly.

"Why is that?"

"Because yours are so beautiful - and bigger too. And I know you are my owner."

"But my nipples aren't as big as Ty's," she countered.

"No one is as big as Ty's," he said pointedly. "Hers are huge. But, I think it's really sexy to see a woman that isn't afraid to wear clothing that allows others to see her arousal, especially when guys have no right to touch."

"You mean submissives," she corrected.

"OK, submissives. When a submissive man like me sees someone like Katie or Ty or you aroused, there is this unspoken assumption we both feel that she is in charge. Even if I get hard, it's because of her beauty not vice versa. Her beauty pushes me into submission. And I hope it makes her feel that much more confident. I'll never be the aggressor in that situation. When I see confident women like Katie, even if they are so much younger, that confidence feeds my submission. For some reason it triggers something inside that puts her in a more powerful position and me in a more dependent one. The same goes for you or Ty or Lisa or Jenny."

Deb smiled thoughtfully. She liked knowing how he thought and hearing his explanations, especially when it came to his submissive side and what kinds of things aroused him or pushed his submissive buttons.

"What about Katie's pussy?"

"What about it?"

"Do you like?"

"I didn't see. If I had, it probably would have earned me a trip to the dog house down the hill."

She laughed at his forethought. "It might. It's shaved you know."

"It is?! How do you know that?" his questions conveying surprise.

"I just do." After a long pause she added, "Yesterday she told me she shaves."

"You guys did talk!"

"I guess we did, and I told her I shave too. I think that made her feel good about her own personal hygiene." Deb smiled brightly and then looked at him more intently. "OK, so all fun aside, here are your rules when you are with Katie."

"Yes Mistress," he answered alertly.

"If you are with her and it's just the two of you, you address her as Miss Katie and answer by saying yes ma'am, when appropriate." She paused. "I'm sure my sister taught you to treat all women with respect. In fact I'm sure of it. It was one of Mariko's foundational mantras. All submissives are expected to view their mistress, or for that matter, any other female with the utmost of respect. Am I not correct?"

"Yes ma'am. I think I heard that phrase or something like it a thousand times."

"So I want you to give Katie that same respect. If she tells you to do something then you do it."

"Even if I think it's going too far?"

"Bobby, I don't want you to think. I want you to obey. If I need to handle something after the fact then I will but the more important component to your question is me knowing you'll obey her without me having to make you. I expect you to always obey other woman. Your obedience should be black and white. There are no 'what ifs' with any rule I give you. Doesn't that make sense and make your life easier?"

"Yes Mistress," he conceded.

"OK then if Katie tells you to get her a drink, or tie her shoe or whatever, you do it. And for that matter anything any of my girlfriends tell you, I want you to obey. Let me address the boundary issues. You do your part by obeying I'll do my part and watch over you. Fair enough?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Make sure you add those rules to your book in the morning." With that she rolled away and stretched prone on the satin sheets. Deb let out a satisfying sigh of exhaustion. Bobby reached for the condom, slipped it on and began quietly and softly rubbing her back. They talked off and on for a while longer but soon the room became silent and soon after Mistress drifted off to sleep with her slave gently stroking her thighs, rump and back for several minutes more.

The remainder of the week passed uneventfully. Of course' uneventfully' included Mistress enjoying nightly rides on her new cock, giving her slave daily injections of hormones and medications, supervising his weight lifting and making sure he completed the usual chores and housework while she tended to the 'family' business.

In an attempt to defray the likely advances she anticipated her best friends making on Bobby she ordered him into the laundry room where she locked the door just prior to the girls arriving for their weekly workout rendezvous. With two loads to wash to dry and fold, he had plenty to keep busy, even if there were extended periods of dead time. Deb figured he'd be out of sight and therefore out of mind when the intrusive Tyaja inevitably went on the prowl in search of her naked slave. What she hadn't anticipated was Ty's wrath once she realized Deb had him hidden or sent away. As if to send a message to the mistress of the house, she forced Deb eat her pussy for the better part of an hour; cutting her own workout short just to make sure she understood the seriousness of her action. Lisa in turn only enjoyed Jennifer for half as long and by the time Tyaja returned fully dressed and pulling along the disheveled hostess, still naked and looking sluttier than ever, the other girls had already showered and were enjoying a refreshing glass of Pinot Grigio.

"I know he's yours, but don't you dare do this to me again!" she said angrily, as her venting ended.

Deb stood stone-faced enduring the public ridicule. This was a new twist to their relationship; a twist she never imagined would ever happen. She saw Tyaja as something other than the woman she thought she knew. They had years of history that extended far beyond the modeling competitions that had initially drawn them together. Deb viewed Ty as a friend nearly as close as she considered her sister Sharon. They could talk about most anything even though they had this 'other' side to their relationship that included a bit of self imposed kink. Never, had she seen, nor imagined this sinister facet of her personality lay dormant within the gorgeous African. As Lisa and Jen looked on, Deb caught their reaction to the verbal beating and realized they too were taken aback by Ty's anger - and arrogance.

The commotion between lovers hadn't gone unnoticed by the slave of the house either. Although mostly shielded by the insulated walls he gathered enough from the tone of the black woman's voice to understand Ty and Deb discussed had been emotionally charged. After hearing the painful cry of Mistress coming from the gym, he almost left his post to take his stand but remembered her lecture from a previous night about obedience and how important it was he never violate that precept.

Thankfully Ty's anger faded almost as quickly as it had come leaving the girls all the more puzzled. She sent Deb to her room to shower while she socialized with Lisa and Jenny for several minutes' longer, acting as if nothing of note had taken place other than a good cardio and weight workout. By the time Deb had dressed and come back upstairs the girls were gone. Returning to the lower level she opened the door and found Bobby seated and waiting impatiently, his cock, hanging long and bulky between his loins. She came to him in a rush.

"I missed you my slave," she said nearly breaking down emotionally.

"Are you OK?"

She peered into his eyes. "Yes I'm OK. Why would you think I wasn't?"

Feeling embarrassed he answered, "I thought I heard you and Tyaja arguing and at one point I thought I heard you scream. I wondered if you were hurt."

Cupping his face in her soft hands she kissed him. "It was nothing more than us girls having a bit of a quarrel. It's happened before and will happen again," she said curtly. "Now, let's get you upstairs. You have work to do."

That was the last thing spoken of the incident. Bobby logged it in his memory trying to make sense of the odd dynamic between Mistress and Tyaja. His gut told him whatever had happened wasn't the least bit healthy and her words contradicted his thoughts. How could Mistress' relationship with her best friend be anything but an unhealthy one?

...

The following week began with a trip to see Dr. Richardson. At this stage in his treatment and recovery program several changes had become manifest. The heavy feelings he initially felt when his cock engorged had since dissipated. Layla had assured him it would. What originally felt as an added weight hanging and flopping from his pubis now felt almost like it belonged. His brain had indeed adapted to the mass of added blood that filled the spongy membranes of his male appendage. Second was his own perception of what he saw in the mirror. When first seeing the swollen log he couldn't believe how big his cock looked. It even felt tons thicker when he grabbed it and undeniably it was. Yet as he stood unclothed in front of Layla and seeing his profile in the mirror to his left, he found he really enjoyed the new look. Mistress might have had something to do with his thinking. She had told him often how masculine his loins looked now that he had a thicker eight-plus inch cock. What he was still coming to terms with were his balls. They now hung like small tennis balls from his stretched sack and they were very uncomfortable. The testicles themselves grew in size much faster than the scrotal sack was stretching and caused the right and left ones to constantly rub against one another. They hurt all the time now, even with the over the counter pain killer Mistress permitted him to take.

"Don't you love the new look?" Deb said excitedly.

Layla analytically observed him, lifting his penis, checking the small incisions and seeing they were healing nicely. Feeling and then measuring his girth she relayed he hadn't gotten any bigger since the surgery, news which Bobby welcomed. Finally she thoroughly evaluated his testicles. After probing, squeezing and pinching she spoke.

"I like the look" she said circumspectly. "He's about the size of Raymond down here," she said cupping his tender orbs. "Have you stopped with the injections?"

"No," Deb said almost too quickly. "I want them a little bigger."

"Please be careful. I wouldn't go more than another few days. Remember, every cell here is multiplying rapidly. That means his balls are growing exponentially."

"If you mean they are growing progressively faster, I know. I can see that," she said defensively.

"That's right. The change from yesterday to today is more than the daily change a week ago."

"Are lemon-sized balls too much to ask?"

Layla smiled, finally turning to look at Debra. "No but don't go any bigger. It's Monday. I think you'll be there by Thursday; maybe even Wednesday. When you get him where you want, bring him right away in so we can remove this line. I don't want to risk an infection."

"I can do that."

"You won't need to see me. My nurse can remove it and close the wound. I want you to know what to expect during the next month or so since I may not see you," she added. "Over time, his scrotum will catch up to his balls and they won't stay quite so high. The weight of his testicles will force the scrotum to stretch and eventually everything down there will find a happy place to hang; they always do," she said grinning. "So don't worry Bobby, she said looking over at him, "everything will hang loose eventually." She made that Hawaiian gesture with her thumb and pinky and Bobby smiled accordingly. "And I don't know if either of you have felt the consistency of his testicles but they're pretty gooey right now. That too will change. Just give it time."

Deb smiled and nodded. "That's what I was hoping for. Huge balls hanging under a massive cock."

"And ones that are going to produce a boat-load of semen, too," Layla added.

"Even better!" Deb eagerly agreed.

...

Rather than heading east in the direction of home, Deb drove into the city, returning to the law offices or Washington, Walker and Sheppard. She made a quick trip up to the 25th floor and luckily caught Laura Sheppard between appointments.

"I need to change the name on the Will I had you do the other week."

Laura looked at her curiously. "Something wrong Deb?"

"No, but I think I have someone else better suited for what I need should something happen to me." She handed her a sticky note with a name written in bold print.

"I'll make the changes." She looked at the note again and referenced it. "Are you sure this time?"

"Yes," she said as confidently as she could. Laura had put a seed of doubt when she questioned her judgment. "Yes, I'm quite sure. Do you have time now? I thought it would be a simple find and replace task on the document."

Laura smiled. "For you, I have time," she said hesitantly. "Let's take care of this. I have someone coming in any minute now."

"Thank you Laura. I really appreciate your promptness."

Deb left five minutes later with the updated Will and Testament in a sealed envelope. Both the current and old executor would be getting notified. Deb anticipated their responses to be diametrically different and something she'd have to get sorted out when she next saw them. Regardless of how either felt, this needed to be done and if this person wasn't agreeable to assist her then she'd look elsewhere, although she wasn't sure where.

While Mistress drove home tight-lipped about the document resting between them, Bobby wondered what she was up to. Maybe all this had to do with her financial planning business. If it wasn't for the awkward way she responded to his questions, he would have assumed it was nothing more than a portfolio from a client. However, this wasn't business related and he felt as if it had something to do with them. He inhaled deeply, closed his eyes and made a conscious decision to release whatever desire he had to probe into a subject he had no business questioning.

"When we get home, go to the bedroom, hang the condom up without spilling anything and make yourself ready. I'll be down after I finish taking care of a few things."

Bobby smiled. "I'm glad you are in the mood to enjoy me."

"Who said I want to enjoy your cock?"

"Then I'm glad you are in the mood to have your pussy licked," he replied with a smirk.

Deb grinned. "Maybe I'll have you lick my asshole instead."

"Yummy!" He said with enthusiasm; his response surprising his Mistress.

"Just do what I asked, smarty pants!" Her bright smile indicated how pleased she was with his deferential teasing. She slapped his cheek lightly a few times, waiting for the light to turn green. "You know I'm going to fuck you slave, don't you?"

"That's what I was thinking."

"It's best for you to learn the mind of your Mistress. It's always good to know her ways." She paused then changed the conversation ninety degrees. "What do you think about Lisa?"

"Having a bit of ADHD Mistress?" He teased.

"Just answer."

"She's beautiful. That's for certain."

"And?"

"She's nice."

"What does that mean?"

"She seems like a nice person. I don't know her well but it's just a positive vibe I get when around her."

"Anything else?"

"Her contrasts."

Deb was about to ask for clarification when he went on.

"Her hair is jet black, her complexion is really light and her eyes are the most brilliant blue I've ever seen. She's a mixture of contrasting intensities. I think that's part of what makes her so stunning. And those eyes," he paused thinking, "I sometimes feel as if she's looking into my soul."

"She does have the most beautiful eyes. Anything else?"

"She's not very aggressive. She's not at all like Ty."

"That's an astute observation. She is quieter. But I wouldn't call her shy."

"No, but maybe more reserved. Maybe she seems that way because Ty always seems to dominate the conversation when I'm with the four of you."

"When Lisa is not with Ty she's pretty much a take-charge lady. I mean, she runs her own business, like I do."

"And she tells Jenny what she wants," Bobby interjected.

"You noticed."

"I did. I think she's lesbian, or at least leaning that way."

Deb smiled. "Yea, she's that too. Not that there's anything wrong with that."

Bobby wondered if she was referring to what he had witnessed between Ty and Deb but kept the thought to himself. "I never said there was anything wrong with her taste in women."

"Play on words? Nice. I like that!" She giggled.

"I didn't mean it that way. She reminds me a little of you to be honest. She's beautiful and unassuming and seems to know what she wants in life without having to feel the whole world needs to know as well. Like I said, she's kind of like you."

"I can see that although I never really gave that a thought before. She is quite self-assured and I admire that quality in her."

"I like that quality in you too, Mistress. I call that being elegantly assertive."

Deb smiled. "Is that so?"

"Yep, and it's true too. You are elegant and you can be quite assertive when you want."

"Kind of like when I told you to get yourself ready when we got home?"

"That, and how you got your way with Layla, and how you wouldn't let Ty enjoy me the day we first met, and how you locked me in the room when you all worked out last week, and how you insisted I wear the steel bands and..."

Deb broke into a playful laugh. "I get the point slave. I get the point."

They drove in silence for some miles, their car easily ascending the hillside that permitted periodic glimpses of Eagle Mountain Lake off in the distance. Bobby always loved this view. Seeing the water abuzz with activity so far away and viewing the lake through the intermittent pines and hardwoods growing on either side of the road made for a picturesque drive. The sight also made him think of home - Mistress' home. He loved living with her; loved her style of dominance, which was indeed elegantly assertive and so different from that of her twin sister. Although he'd only been her for a few short weeks his Tennessee life felt months removed.

Mistress pulled into the drive. Bobby stared at the mailbox and smiled as she made the turn. The word "Martin" stamped in bold four-inch letters on a brass plate anchored to the brick pillar revealed to all who it was that lived across the way. His thoughts went to Katie. "So the little teen thought Debra Ashby from across the street was really cool. I guess she would, thought Bobby. After all, how many women are there that almost won a state beauty pageant?" He smiled at the thought and looked at his mistress. Her beauty piqued everyone with whom she came in contact. He loved looking at her. There was her beauty, yes, but there was something more that made her so alluring and he couldn't put words to his feelings.

He wondered what Katie thought of the woman across the street now that she knew there was a naked slave living and serving the homeowners' every need; so much for the innocent impression of the rich beauty pageant lady. She wasn't so innocent any more now was she? He grinned as Deb drove the sleek BMW down the drive, the garage door already open and waiting. In a few minutes it would indeed be his duty to serve but do so from a supine position. He liked serving her this way most of all; all stretched out on plush bed sheets. He smiled thinking how nice it would be when she finally arrived, naked, beautiful, her eyes filled with desire and wanting nothing else than to feel his thick meaty cock slip inside her stunning body.

"Oh! Oh!! Oooohhhh!!" she gasped between ragged breaths.

Bobby opened his eyes, peering up. His gaze moved upward from the slick and glistening pussy rasping over his pointed tongue and nose. Further above he admired the taut and flat abdomen that fed into the trim ribcage on which jutted two fabulously shaped globes topped with lively nipples. Inwardly he gasped, taking in the magnificence of her beauty in action.

She had just climaxed. Having let hit him take her to the edge just minutes before. Deb took matters into her own now and used his face as a means to fall over a peak he had repeatedly and artfully denied herself several times previous. She loved the feeling of almost getting there and then having the sensations wane ever so slightly. Bobby knew how to make her feel so erotically delicious but never explode. He'd do it again and again until her mind became frenzied with desire. And then he'd make her explode. God it felt so good. Her slave knew how to please. His talent for sensing how far he could push her and where he could touch was unequaled and unparalleled as far as she was concerned. "No one could do what Bobby could," she thought and whether or not that was true, it was all that really mattered.

Moving from his mouth to his hips she readied herself for the main course. Feeling his hardness against her ass, she rose, aimed his pole at her delicate flower, and with a groan of delight and anticipation, lowered her body until she could take no more. Feeling the swellings of the steel bands encircling his base she marveled at his girth. There was no way she could ever get hand around the root of his stalk and balls. Even using both hands, her fingers didn't overlap all that much. Every part of him down there was now so thick and luscious. Deb wasn't into being big but she loved his exceptional size. Not only did an eight or nine inch cock fill her fancy but now, so did his two hefty balls. As she continued the slow pistoning motion, taking and releasing him with every rise and fall, Debra thought of how secure she'd feel when their lovemaking time finally ended. She smiled while looking at his chiseled body, knowing she'd lie cuddled around him feeling so small and safe within those muscular arms.

"This feels so nice Baby."

There was no need to answer. He smiled, his hands moved to her ass. Cupping each rump firmly he grasped both melons, assisting her up and down movements. Nothing felt better than knowing she was using his body, his cock, and his attributes for her pleasure. It was a submissive man's dream come true.

Mariko and Sharon had taught him how to serve. Hours upon hours of foot worship, oral training, massaging, and yes, beatings as well as so many nights locked cramped in a dog cage had all achieved its desired effect. No longer was he like any of his friends, or for that matter, most any guy he'd pass on a busy sidewalk. Yes, they probably all wanted to experience intimacy with a woman but that's where the similarities ended. What they wanted out of that relationship was far different than he. They wanted a body to call their own; a pussy to fuck, an orgasm to be had, and a trophy to put on their shelf. Those desires were so far removed he had a hard time even thinking they could ever exist. Yes he wanted Deb, but even more, he wanted Deb to want him; to enjoy him; to teach him how to please. He wanted to serve her; to meet her every need - just as she allowed him to do so now. The orgasm about to be had would not be his but the satisfaction of what they were now sharing would be so much greater than any traditional sex any of his friends had. How many of them could last this long? How many ever denied themselves so their woman could enjoy her husband for as long as she wanted to fuck? How many of them loved being used? Probably none. Too bad for them. They were missing out on so much and they had absolutely no clue there even was more to experience than a quick fuck and cum.

"Getting closer," she said happily.

Her movements came free and easy; the strength in her thighs permitting her to ride him without much physical strain. Her juices flowed, mixing with what he knew as an equally steady stream of pre-ejaculate. Together they made for a slick surface on which to slide and thrust. Full breasts bounced. Perspiration started to bead on her chest and forehead. Cheeks reddened. Breathing quickened; and that look started to form. It was the look of desire, of lust, of dominance and it was the most beautiful of facial expressions. Staring down from her position of dominance she moved with unabashed freedom, and did so with an attitude conveying her complete ownership of him.

Bobby watched as she squeezed and twisted the now scarlet colored nipples. He reached and groped them, freeing her hands to rest on his chest. The pace quickened as did her gasps. Shrieks of euphoria erupted. Faster she moved. With eyes closed and mouth open she cried out and came explosively. With arms, torso and legs contracting at once she came. Her fluids came and with it so did the tidal wave of ecstasy she sought.

"Oh God!" She called out.

Bobby watched her body shake as she convulsed on the cock buried deep within. It was an erotic sight to behold. She was so damn gorgeous. After calming she collapsed, her legs and arms suddenly becoming weak. Needing to be close; needing to feel his skin against hers; needing to feel his love for her, she clung to him while he embraced her limp body. She could feel his kisses on the top of her head and heard his whispered words, "I'll always be yours, Mistress for as long as you will have me."

She smiled, unbeknownst to him. She had indeed found a diamond for a slave; and she found him on her first try at starting a life living in which she was the Mistress of a relationship. "How lucky she was," she thought. Deb knew this was the only way she could live under the same roof with a man; the only way she could ever feel secure. There could be no other, and now there would never be another. Maybe in a few years she might have the courage to date normally and risk losing the control she now possessed but she had no desire to even think of a future with anyone else. She'd never relinquish the power she held over Bobby, not ever. And why would she? Why would any mistress for that matter? Who wouldn't want to be treated like a queen? What woman wouldn't love continual doting and admiration and attention? It's what all women craved: to be loved and adored, and she had found this love and adoration by taking on a slave. No, it wouldn't work to love him, or any other man, in any way but this way. And besides, she understood now, just how much he needed domination. She also understood just how much she needed absolute control.

"I love fucking you," she said not moving from where she lay.

"Me too. I mean, I love that you can," he corrected.

She smiled. "I'll let you cum sometime, but not today. You need to fill up those big balls of yours."

"I'm sure they are plenty full now," he said half-seriously, half smiling. "But I'll obey."

"Yea, they probably are but I want to top them off - and - I love that word, my slave. I think it's becoming one of my favorites."

"Obey," he questioned. It's one of your favorites? Now you have more than one?"

Mistress looked up, resting her chin on his chest and smiled. "Oh yes. I have lots."

"Care to share?"

"Lie down. Get up. Cook me dinner. Do your chores. Follow me," she giggled. "I could go on and on."

Bobby chuckled. "I see. But you know, those are all based around that one word; the 'obey' word."

"Mmmm," she sighed. "You're right; I guess they are. And I'm going to make sure it stays that way."

"That's fine with me. I love obeying you."

"And you always will." She pressed her hips down, making his cockhead rub against 'that spot'. She sighed pleasurably. "I want you to open me up in there," she said.

"How?"

"I'm going to do it. You just stay still." He felt her scoot down until the head of his cock pointed vertically rather than angling toward him as it had been. "I think it's right there. I'm going to see if my muscles will accept you. Just stay hard for me." Mistress remained mostly still, her elbows now resting on his torso.

Bobby could tell whatever she felt was satisfying. Her eyes opened, closed and sometimes rolled lazily around as his soft head pressed at the never-before-opened sphincter. "Enjoy me, Mistress," he encouraged.

She sighed, emitting a contented moan.

He lay patiently for five, ten maybe fifteen minutes. At no time did she ever appear to not enjoy the feeling but he sensed things were not progressing according to plan.

"It's not working," she said finally. "I can't feel anything in there that is any different than when I first started."

"I'm sorry Mistress. Maybe I'm just too big." He spoke feeling disappointed that maybe the downside of his glorious size might be she'd never ever feel the magnitude of an orgasm like Layla had described.

"It might be me, but then again, it might have nothing to do with how big you are," She said, sliding him out.

"Maybe we can try again some other time."

She heard the hopeful tone in his words. "Bobby, we will. We'll try as many times as we need until we figure it out."

"I'm glad you want to take that kind of approach. It makes me feel better."

"Why?"

"Because I think sex is fun. I like doing this. It makes me feel really close to you but it's also fun."

She kissed the soft head that contrasted so drastically with the rigid shaft that supported it. "How about I have some fun with these?" her fingers caressed the ample lemon-sized balls. "Stand and present." The question posed of course was rhetorical. The choice wasn't his to make.

No sooner had he assumed the position than did he feel both painful and pleasurable sensations attack his mind. Between his legs Mistress knelt, her mouth filled to overflowing with one of the turgid and supersensitive testicles. Sensations of warmth and wetness were quickly replaced by sparks of intense pain making it almost impossible to keep from doubling over.

Mistress looked up with eyes warning him to endure whatever discomfort he felt. With barely enough room to move, she slid her tongue around as much of the soft sphere that availed her. Retreating, she let it spring free as the testicle popped out from between her teeth and then banged painfully into its twin.

Bobby grunted and then a few seconds later felt Mistress suck the other oval ball slowly in. Her look, kneeling so sexily made his cock twitch with excitement. Her cheeks drew in and then suddenly puffed outward as the ball disappeared and filled her oral cavity. He watched the drip, drip, drip of his pre-cum slide up and out his slit and down his shaft. Some made its way into her mouth while most dribbled down her chin and traced a path between the cleavage of her breasts. Eventually it found its way down and over the puffy lips of her pussy. His thick log protruded upward and Mistress held it high to gain better access to his balls. The dark vessels of his shaft pulsed with blood. It was then that he felt the flat of her tongue trace a path from base to tip following the large vein on its underbelly. Stopping at the head he watched as drips of clear drainage gathered on her extended tongue. He saw her smile and after doing so she beamed. Mistress loved tasting his milky nectar.

"You are so beautiful," he said watching her intently.

After plunging him deep inside her mouth, her eyes never leaving his, she pulled back. His cock popped free and lacquered with her saliva. It bobbed jerkily in front of her nose. "Thank you," she said quickly and then engulfed him once again.

"Before long I want to take all of you. I am going to learn how to do it," she said when he next sprang free.

He heard the confidence in her words. It wasn't the first time and Bobby knew it wouldn't be the last. Mistress didn't take 'no' for an answer. She was a conqueror; a woman who knew what it took to succeed and he didn't doubt he'd see all eight inches of him vanish. He didn't doubt that one day he'd feel her teeth biting down on the steel rings guarding the junction of the immense shaft to his pelvis in the not too distant future.

Again and again she took him. Four inches were visible, a little over four weren't. Every time she swallowed his penis too far he heard a faint gag. Only then did she back off ever so slightly - just enough to recover and then ease the ample log back in as far as it would go.

Deb spent a long time practicing the art of deep-throating. Eventually the muscles of her jaw became painfully fatigued and she quit.

"That wasn't too bad of a workout," she said standing and wrapping both arms around her mans' neck. Rising on her tippy-toes she kissed him; first gently, then again, and then again, before giggling. "I love you!"

Bobby's face lit up with joy at her words. "And I you."

"We do make a good team, you know," she said. Her lips found his once more and Bobby's hands found her slender waist. Debra suddenly pulled away. "I didn't say you could move out of present!" her voice suddenly sharp with irritation.

"I'm sorry Mistress. I couldn't..."

"Obedience Bobby. I want your obedience even more than I want your love. I need it that bad." Her eyes softened expressing how important that concept was to her and how important it was for him to master.

"You're so easy with me I sometimes forget how important that word is to you. I only wanted to express my love by hugging you."

"Don't you realize how much more love you show me by resisting the very temptation to do what you want?" She kissed his lips softly, first on the left side of his mouth and then on the right. "Think about that. I feel so loved seeing you with your arms up there, and staying there," she added, "because I told you to keep them there. Resisting the temptation to do what you want shows me just how important I am to you. That's love Bobby and I feel so loved when you obey me. I've never felt this way before," she paused to kiss him again. "I never thought it was possible to love again until I met you. You've given me the courage to love and now all I want to do is express that same emotion to you and with you." She stopped talking and stared at him intently, her face so faultless, "but if you want me to keep giving, you need to keep obeying."

"Yes, Mistress," he said softly. "I see what you mean. I guess I hadn't thought of my actions as an act of love."

She smiled. It was one of these completely content, 'I love you' smiles. "Now kiss me and hold me." A smile graced her face. She stood looking into his sweet eyes and waited for his secure embrace. It came, wrapping her safe inside powerful arms. She smiled again and together they made out as only lovers could.

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 07
byKatiekatsman©

The next several days were uneventful. Mistress withdrew to the confines of her office each day after breakfast while Bobby remained busy completing his daily list of chores during the morning hours of each business day. After lunch and spending another hour on housework, he completed exhausting workouts four days weekly. Deb was hell-bent on increasing muscle mass and he could see the initial changes of her efforts taking shape. As much as she loved his work ethic she pushed him to reach beyond what he thought capable. Whenever he benched, he notified her and she put down whatever she was doing to serve as his spotter and ensuring he lifted safely. She had no desire to have a bar loaded with a couple hundred pounds stuck on his chest or neck for an hour because she hadn't taken ten minutes of her time.

Evening was the part of the day Bobby looked forward to most. He loved making dinner while she showered after her workout. By the time the evening meal was ready she appeared refreshed and looked more stunning than ever. It was then that they could interact as a couple. Conversations between the two of them flowed. Although they lived as mistress and slave, they interacted as peers, sharing, listening, laughing and engaging with one another easily and comfortably.

Ever since Mistress had spoken the 'I love you' phrase, any unstated thoughts about what the other had been thinking or feeling had long since dissipated. They were in love; neither wanted to be apart from the other. They looked forward to sharing dinner knowing they had alone time until Mistress called it a day.

Some nights Deb wanted to walk and so they'd amble for a few hours, covering five or six miles along the ridgeline country road that overlooked Eagle Mountain Lake. They resided on a lane not well traveled which permitted them free access to using the pavement rather than having to negotiate the often treacherous shoulder with its random ridges and valleys that seemed to crave a turned ankle. More often than not they'd stop and watch a squirrel or sand statuesque observing a colorful bird in a nearby tree than wait for a vehicle to pass. Returning before dark, and the pending onslaught of mosquitoes they'd often spend the remainder of the evening watching a movie or enjoying an intimate interlude – on Mistress' terms of course.

Mistress passion for making love seemed unquenchable. She loved every aspect that had to do with enjoying her slave. Sometimes she'd have him spend a lengthy session between her legs while she reclined on her back with legs spread. On other nights she'd ride him long and hard; sometimes letting him cum sometimes leaving him hard and horny. At times she wanted their love-making to last forever and would lie on her side so they could easily intertwine their bodies and make out, make love and make out again. He'd penetrate her for an hour or more before she had her fill on those nights. Every evening was different. During their lengthy coital sessions she'd slowly bring herself to a delightful climax every fifteen or twenty minutes. Deb never tired of how their lovemaking sessions were spent for each one remained a special treasure in and of itself. Most nights concluded with Mistress lying on top with his penis deep inside, the soft bulbous head pressing firmly against her cervix in the hope that it would finally give way to his pressing cockhead that demanded entrance. Unfortunately the outcome never changed but the process of getting there never disappointed Mistress. The enjoyment of having him 'right there' always felt so good.

Three weeks post surgery Debra returned with slave in tow to have the PICC-line removed. Satisfied at the size of his balls she raved to Dr. Richardson, thanking her over and over for making the incredible transformation of her slaves cock and balls a reality. And indeed he was a fine specimen, and unique at that. Standing a little over six feet, the handsome and well built man had a cock that few owned. Yes there were longer ones but there weren't ones of his size which had his magnificent girth, and there were none having balls the size of a ripe Florida lemon. He was indeed one gifted gentleman and a man with whom Mistress had no intention of ever parting company.

On this particular evening, Mistress and slave relaxed in the bubbling heat of her hot tub. A bottle of her favorite Chardonnay sat chilled in the wine cooler and next to it stood two crystal stemmed glasses nearly empty. The evening proved to be even more spectacular than the weatherman had predicted with lower temperatures and humidity. The full moon stood suspended above the horizon. Its reddish-yellow hue and massive size made for a spectacular sight. Mistress and Bobby reclined while observing its slow ascent into the darkening and cloudless sky of twinkling stars. Below they watched the silvery ray of moonlight shimmering on the lake's surface and giving the evening a truly peaceful ambiance.

"This must be what heaven is like," Bobby thought, "great wine, a beautiful view, perfect weather and a naked woman relaxing under my arm. What could be better?" The memory of sleeping in the dog cage and eating dry shitty food was a distant memory. The thought of being treated like an animal after having to cut wood all day was another event that now seemed more of a dream than a past reality. He could hardly believe he had done such things; that he was forced to do them. "God," he thought, "how did he ever luck out and end up with this half of the Ashby twins?" This was truly paradise and he loved it.

Mistress' words broke the silence. "Tomorrow I want you working out with us."

"And you're telling me this because?"

"Because I don't want to deal with Tyaja, even though I know I'll have to regardless."

"I can stay in the laundry closet if that helps."

"No, I can't hide you forever and I need to get things out in the open and under control."

Bobby wasn't certain to what all she was referring but figured it must have something to do with what he overheard and saw in the weeks prior when he glimpsed the two beauties naked and walking arm in arm and heard women arguing some days later. The memory of their nakedness brought life to his semi flaccid cock. Inwardly he moaned. There were too many mysteries at work between Mistress and Ty to be nothing more than coincidental mishaps of which he happened to catch glimpses.

"Is there something I need to know? I feel as if there is more to what you are telling me than what you are saying; if that makes any sense."

Mistress visibly tensed at his question. She hated being questioned, even though this one seemed innocent enough. "Whether there is more or not isn't your concern. What I want you concerned about is obeying. I don't know why I have repeat myself. You know the rules. They are no different than what I expect when you are with Katie. The same rules apply. However, if Ty wants sex, you stand still. You are not to comply under any circumstances."

"Yes Ma'am." The quietness and solitude of the evening seemed to suddenly vanish with her words. Indeed there was more.

She continued, "You remember the rule about obeying my girlfriends."

"I do. You expect me to do what they say," he replied, paraphrasing what she had just told him.

"That's correct. I'm just making sure you know where my hard limit is when it comes to the three of them. Ty is the one I'm most worried about. She will want to play and I don't want her to play. You belong to me and even though I'm willing to share your services as a maid of sorts, I'm not sharing your cock."

Bobby smiled. "I like when you get like this."

She glared back, the thin line of her pressed lips still showing the effects of her concern. Upon hearing his remark, her expression softened as his smile and gentle words penetrated her heart.

"I like feeling owned," he continued. "I like knowing you want me just for yourself."

"Yea, yea, I hear you. I know how much you love having beautiful women fighting over you." Her words came amidst a smile.

"Not really. I only want to be known as yours Mistress. Just yours." His tone remained light but he conveyed his real intent all the same. He really did only desire her. He needed nothing more; wanted nothing more.

With that, the conversation ceased and their joint attention returned to the 100+ degree water, enjoying the pleasant buzz of the alcohol and surveying nature's grandeur as the moon slowly gained altitude and grew ever brighter. When Mistress finally stood, her splendid body shimmered in the luminous light and highlighted every seductive curve and contour of her body. She held out a hand. Droplets remained suspended from the tips of each nipple reflecting moonlight. She was so incredible to behold.

"Come slave, let's go inside and make love."

Silently Bobby followed; her hand released its grip and found his cock. They retreated to the bedroom where the view outside was just as splendid through the massive windowed wall. Deb guided him onto the bed and collapsed softly on top seeking his lips. Before they fell asleep they made gentle passionate love for a long, long spell. Deb came several times while Bobby remained chaste, his loins filled to overflowing. After rubbing her back until she had fallen asleep he slipped on the nightly condom, enveloped the sweet woman beside him and joined her in peaceful rest.

...

The workout the following day came and went without incident. The fact that it did baffled Debra although she was thankful things proceeded no further than the three girls fondling his cock or feeling the immense orbs hanging below. It did make for an interrupted workout on Bobby's part since they often groped him while he did pull-ups, or bent rows or other lifts that left his genitals completely vulnerable. Deb was fine with the groping. That could deal with that. Sticking that cock inside one of their twats was.

Ty seemed to be on her best behavior although Deb wondered if there were more thoughts ruminating inside than what she was willing to share. On top of this unexpected turn of events were the sexual escapades, or rather the lack of any fun after finishing the workout. Instead, the group finished, and headed to a shower. After sharing a glass of wine and socializing they left.

What neither had anticipated was having to deal with Katie. Late one morning, while Bobby was changing bed sheets he spotted Katie walking down the hall toward in his direction.

"Hi," she called out. "I wondered where you were."

Her mere presence on this floor surprised him. "Well here I am," he stated matter of fact. "How can I help you?"

Katie grinned. "What do you mean, how can you help me?"

"Just that; what can I do for you?" The fact that she continued to approach and stare at his flopping shaft had unnerved him. She seemed too confident, and too damn pretty.

By now, they were standing in the hallway facing one another. He had noticed Katie's focus. It wasn't on his eyes. He watched as she reached behind and gathered her long blonde hair, freeing it from the elastic band that held the pony tall and shook it free. It fell over her shoulders and gracefully down her back.

"I haven't seen you in a few weeks," she said. "God you're huge."

Bobby forced a grin. "I guess I should say thanks. I guess."

Katie grinned, only meeting his eye momentarily. She knelt and watched his cock twitch in its semi-erect state that had become its new normal. The blue diamond-shaped pill kept it continually that way: semi-aroused and leaking. "Somebody is glad to see me," she said lifting both hands as if to support it. She let out a sigh, "This is truly an amazing thing that Miss Debra did to you." Lifting it higher she exposed the soft underbelly. It was then that she gasped, "Oh my god!" she said as her eyes moved further down. "Look at those balls!"

Supporting Bobby's cock with one hand and rhythmically lifting and lowering a cupped hand to feel the size and weight of his balls with the other, she examined his goods. When a long thick drop of pre-cum fell, long and viscous from his yawning cockslit she instinctively opened her mouth and swallowed his massive head.

Bobby lurched backward.

"Present!" she commanded and sprung to her feet.

Bobby slowly lifted his arms overhead.

"Not fast enough," she said now glaring. There was no hint of play in her words or in her eyes. Something changed and did so almost instantly.

"Put your arms down at your side." He did. "Present!" she shouted once more.

This time his arms flew to their designated position and he watched Katie smile smugly.

"Much better, slave." She patted his cheek with the palm of her hand; her words sounding condescending. Katie knelt again. Another drop of the clear liquid leaked out and slowly formed into a droplet on the opened slit. She peered upward. "I'm going to lick this one and you are not to move." She did.

"I don't know if this is a good idea."

Katie stood yet again. "You know what?" She didn't wait for a response. Instead she grabbed his thickening shaft and gently pinched the swollen vein at the junction where his head and shaft merged. "Your mistress, is that what you call her?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"Your mistress and I had a nice talk a few weeks ago. She told me all about your surgery; actually she filled in the blanks from what you told me. She also explained why she wanted you this way." Katie ran the flat of her hand along the bulging shaft and down and around his balls before returning to grip the meaty schlong once more. "She did a great job with this and I'm sure you provide her with a fantastic service, don't you?"

Bobby looked at her stone-faced.

"I asked you a question slave."

"Yes ma'am; I do."

"Well one of the things she told me was how she expected you to behave when around me." She paused to let her words digest. "Do you know what she said? Do you have any idea at all?"

"That I am to obey you," he said meekly. There was something in the way she had approached him earlier that triggered some unconscious defensive mechanism. She appeared a little too confident for a young woman he had only met once and that bothered him. She felt dangerous and now she was indeed.

Katie smiled that self-righteous smile again. "And I expect you to obey because I'm going to suck your cock and you are going to stand there like a good boy and watch me."

Bobby closed and opened his eyes slowly. He had been right about her. "This really isn't a good idea," he reiterated, his hands still resting where she told him to put them.

Katie closed the twelve-inch distance between their faces until she pressed so near he could feel her breath. "Do you know why your mistress wants you to do what I tell you?"

"No Ma'am."

"Oh shit Bobby!" she exclaimed. "That's a frigging lie and you know it."

Bobby blushed feeling drops of spittle hit his face. He dropped his eyes and spoke. "Because obedience is to be the single highest virtue I am to strive for," he conceded.

That haughty smile returned and she grabbed his chin, making him look at her. "See, that wasn't so hard. Now," she said exhaling deeply. 'I'm going to kneel and swallow your cock and you are going to watch me. And then I'm going to make all of the cum inside those beautiful balls of yours fill my sweet little mouth. Have I made myself clear," she paused, "slave?" She emphasized the final word and Bobby felt her sting.

"Yes Ma'am."

"Oh, and by the way. Since your mistress commanded you to obey me, here's another order you're going to obey." Again she didn't wait for a response but instead squeezed his tender balls hard. Pain shot from his loins, radiating inward. He winced and bent forward. Katie stared at his reaction unsympathetically. "If your mistress asks you about us, you are going to tell her you saw me and explain to her how amazed I was at your size. You can tell her that I spent a lot of time feeling your shaft and balls – all of which is true. But that is all you are going to tell her."

"I don't think that ...," he started to say.

Katie squeezed one testicle with all her strength, making him double over in excruciating pain. "Ahhhhh," he cried out.

"What are you going to tell Mistress?" she asked, her clasp unrelenting.

He grunted the desired response and only then she release her vice-like grip. "See, why does it have to be so hard with boys?"

And with that she knelt, opened wide and released the dam that her one hand had formed at the base of his head. A thick and continuous flow of pre-cum filled her tongue. Katie couldn't believe how much oozed from the distended vein but the coating of warm liquid that saturated her tongue felt so very good. After swallowing the sweet tasting juice she opened even wider and took him. Bobby watched in amazement as she engulfed almost his entire eight-inch shaft. Imagining it filling her mouth as well as a good part of her throat his eyes widened. She had taken all of him and did it so easily. God she felt good! He could feel his cock pressing against the back of her throat as she fed herself. Peering upward she glanced into his eyes conveying the satisfying emotion of accomplishment.

After letting the snake free Katie stood and pulled him into one of the spare bedrooms. "I'm going to lie down and you are going to feed me that thing. Get on your knees and present." She pointed to the side of the bed and then positioned her body supine with her head and neck hyper-extended off and over the side. She hung virtually upside down, her neck contorted back to an extreme. Only then did she motion for him to come. He did. His penis slid in smoothly and kept going in until her bottom row of teeth pressed against his pubis and the steel rings. Katie reached back and gripped his ass, pulling and pushing his hips until he took over with the fucking.

The feeling of him moving so thick and full inside felt better than good. It felt incredible. She had taken her share of cocks in the past but nothing even came close to this monster. The sensation of the hard shaft sliding between tongue and palate was erotic. She could see it in her minds' eye. She could imagine what it must look like from his vantage point. She inwardly sighed. Feeling him sliding way down her throat felt even better. She craved him even more. She wanted him. Soon he could hear Bobby grunting as his arousal grew. She kept pulling and pushing, pulling and pushing, making sure he kept pace, making sure the strokes remained rapid plunges.

"I can't hold it much longer Miss Katie," he gasped. "I need to pull out." Not only did she feel good, she looked good. Her body remained splayed out on the bed. Firm breasts mounded on her athletic body. Bobby could see the aroused nipples and beyond them her slender waist and shapely legs.

She muffled a sharp 'no' as she shook her head to convey the same. Katie gripped his buttocks tightly. Soon she felt his cock suddenly swell and could see the massive testicles pull tight against his shaft just as his body tensed and he let out an audible grunt.

"Agghhh" he groaned and then exploded.

"A huge gush of warm semen shot down her throat. Katie felt its warmth but didn't taste that first explosion. She quickly rotated onto her stomach and grabbed hm, letting only his head remain inside. Releasing her grip, another surge of white cream overwhelmed her orifice, cum spilled onto the carpet below. She swallowed the remainder and did so just as another upsurge of cream gorged her mouth to overflowing. Katie swallowed again and Bobby came again, and then again and again. Finally the pulsating gushes slowed after what must have been ten deluges of the hot milky-white cream. Katie swallowed all he gave. She kept pumping and sucking, her cheeks drawn inward; craving every bit of seed he fed her sweet mouth.

When he finally was through and his pole wilted, she released him.

"Wow! That was a lot of cum!" Katie licked her lips, her face bright with excitement. "And you taste so good; fruity, almost. I can't taste anything salty in there at all. God that was a ton of cum!"

Bobby knelt, his head bowed. "This was not a good idea Miss Katie."

"I don't give a shit what you think. And you aren't going to say anything beyond what I told you already. You're nothing more than a frigging slave! I'll do whatever I dam well please. Are we clear with that?"

"Yes Miss Katie."

"Good, now it would behoove you to clean up your mess." She pointed to the floor where a pool of the white cream had coagulated. She stood and strode out the door. Just before she rounded the corner she added, "See you soon slave," and giggled.

Bobby knelt. He hadn't moved since exploding. He could hardly believe in what he had just participated. Emotions flooded his senses. He was a mix of confusion. What had happened was not right. Mistress would not approve but she had reiterated ad nauseum how important it was for him to obey. Now it was a little twenty year old blond that was outwitting Mistress by telling him what he could and couldn't say if Mistress ever posed the million dollar question, "what did the two of you do?"

"Um, she made me stand so she could play with my balls and feel my cock," he said thinking of the response he was ordered to render at the moment of truth. But that was a lie. Well, it was true but it was not the whole truth and therefore that made it a lie. Or was it? He shook his head as if to dispel the temptation. "Damn right it's a lie. It's deception to a T," he said aloud.

"Maybe if it happens again I'll have to tell Mistress. If I don't, this could go on forever and that wouldn't be good. I don't want to do this with this kid," he repeated again and again, while going to fetch a roll of paper towels and cleaning solution. It was then that Bobby looked up and saw the video camera. His heart stopped. Had she seen it all? Had she planned this encounter? Was it a test on her part? His heart throbbed. He didn't know what to do and prayed she'd not ask him to explain anything.

"Oh god," he said to know one. "Please don't make me disappoint Mistress." A tear of sadness and angst formed in the corner of one eye. He brushed it aside and stood; all evidence of his mess now gone. Returning to the bedroom he had been cleaning prior to Miss Katie's arrival he remade the bed, fluffing new sheets into the air and letting them fall onto the mattress, while feeling absolutely sick about what had happened. But there was nothing more he could do. He was bound to Mistress' order of obedience even though that meant deceiving the very woman he loved. "But Katie felt so very good," he thought. He replaced the accent pillows and closed the door. When he looked down, his cock stood fully erect.

...

Mistress never did ask about Katie or him and Bobby wondered if she really had been tied up with a client while they secretly rendezvoused. As thankful as he was she didn't suspect anything, he remained in turmoil all evening wondering if or when she'd pop the question. After dinner they took a quiet stroll, walking arm in arm and then headed for the hot tub. Their day ended where it always did – in bed. Tonight Miss Deb was in a playful mood. She rode him to several orgasms and then pulled him out of bed and led him into the bathroom. There, while facing the large mirror that spanned the space above the expansive bathroom counter she bent over, motioned for him to stand behind and then ordered him inside.

How he ever kept from coming, positioned in front of mirror and watching himself screwing the most stunningly beautiful woman he'd ever seen was beyond belief, but somehow he did. Mistress' body heaved with every plunge, heavy breasts swaying with every stabbing incursion.

"God you are hot!" he said, his words broken and haggard; his breathing heavy.

"Feels good Bobby; looks even better," she grunted, a lustful smile gracing her face as she stared into the looking glass, and him behind. The intensity of his trusts heaving her forward and then back as if she was some kind of rag-doll.

Some minutes later she came. Well, some minutes later she exploded. Pushing her pussy back against him she came. Bobby watched her back muscles tense; the two rows of sinewy power on either side of her spine along with the myriad smaller ones around her scapulas tightened. Then her body arched in ecstasy.

He remained anchored inside, his hands still holding on to her hips. After the waves of passion receded she stood, turned around and placed two hands on the top of his shoulders.

Lustfully she commanded, "Kneel and eat me." Deb pushed his head toward the floor and watched him from the mirror she now faced.

"Yes, Ma'am," he answered. She could hear the anticipation in his voice.

Bobby obeyed and was greeted with a pussy already ripe and ready. Flushed plump lips stared back. Her inner thighs glistened with moisture from the orgasms she had just had. When he drew close he smelled her arousal. The faintly musky aroma of Mistress saturated his olfactory senses. Darting his tongue along the inner crease of her puffy folds he tasted her nectar. It was as delicious as ever. Patting small kisses all her groin and running his oral joystick in and around her sex, he heard her gasp. Deb grabbed ahold of his head and Bobby felt lustful fingers digging in as he continued with his ministrations. She was enjoying his affection and it made him smile. If there was one thing he loved it was knowing he could lavish such feelings on a woman he treasured so deeply.

In the course of time, with her ass now pressed against the bathroom counter and one leg on a stool normally used to sit when putting on make-up, Deb gripped her slave by the hair and raked his face across her sensitive flower. He had already made her erupt using his mouth and she was about to explode for a second time. "He felt so damn good! God he was good with his tongue!" she thought.

"Oh Baby! Oh Baby, make me cum," she begged.

Humping his face she arched her head back and then flung it forward to look down. She watched the man she called Slave pleasure her. Then, when she knew the detonation was near Deb closed her eyes and arched again as the most wonderful sensations billowed outward from her sex.

"I love this. I love this, I love you," she said, trying to grab a hold of and hang onto every feeling his tongue generated.

Crying out she uttered, "Oh Bobby, I love you Baby. I love you so much."

Without thinking she pulled his face away and made him stand.

"Put it in me!" her words begging him to do so yesterday. "Make love to your mistress!"

He did, sliding inside her lubricated tunnel as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. Together they moved in unison, her slender hips pressing and withdrawing, his cock retreating and advancing. Slowly and steadily, to gasps, groans, moans and passion, he brought her to the edge and then let her rocket over. With one final thrust she came screaming with delight; the sound of her wails sounding both painful and joyful. Bobby pulled her against him, embracing and supporting her weight while her body racked itself in spasmodic contractions. She cried aloud again and then whimpered. Her sounds slowly subsided and she grew limp. Lifting her effortlessly, his cock still bolt-erect, he carried her to the bed and gently set her down.

Mistress didn't release her grip around his neck and Bobby took that as the hint to climb on top of her and slip his rod back inside. The two lovers embraced for many minutes. Deb didn't want another orgasm. She had all she needed but she needed to feel his presence in and around her.

While he held her close, she periodically moved on him, just enough to make her body remember how precious he was. Tears trickled down her cheeks as tender emotions replaced lustful ones. Kissing his neck, she continued to nuzzle against him while they lay side by side.

"Bobby?" she asked.

"Yes ma'am?" He felt her slide on him twice more.

"Someday I think I'll want to marry you."

"Someday?"

"Yes, someday. And when we do, our lives will not change but it will make my parents very happy."

"Do they know about me?"

"They do; and they are very happy for me."

"But do they really know about me? You know, that I belong to you?"

"No Slave and I don't know that they need to know."

He lay quiet for some while. When she looked up, he was tearful. "I love you so very much Mistress," he said grinning broadly. "Those are good tears. Ones I can't keep back and really don't want to."

"Tell me about them Baby. What do they mean?"

"They're ones expressing how grateful I am to belong to you."

She smiled.

Even with make-up running from her own watery tears and her hair awry, she still appeared to Bobby to be so immaculately beautiful. "I would love for you to marry me and make me legally yours. I think that day will be the happiest day of my life."

"Mine too. And there will be no escaping me once we are?"

He laughed. "There's no escaping you now. I don't want to escape. Not ever."

"I like hearing that." She paused. "But I'm not taking the steel rings off. They're staying put."

"Like I said I'm not going anywhere. I belong to you Mistress Debra Ashby."

"Indeed you do slave Bobby Ashby." She giggled and slid against him, this time with a desire to cum once more. And so she did.

...

As the weeks passed Debra and Bobby's love for one another continued to grow. No longer did she fear being with a man. No longer did she worry about whether or not she could be his Mistress. That had come effortlessly and Deb had her sister and Mariko to thank. He was so easy; so well trained; and such a nice man to boot. There was good in his heart. He was caring and affectionate, and thoughtful and so very obedient. To her, it was as if his presence made her feel more complete; and indeed in many ways he did. She realized she was not meant to be alone. Yes, she had her girlfriends and yes they remained near and dear but since Bobby's arrival she had let that relationship drift. Although they continued to meet weekly for workouts, Deb didn't join them as often for dinner. She wanted to remain home with Bobby. He became her desire, although she continued to feel a deep love for Ty, Lisa and Jenny.

Bobby's life fell into Mistress' routine. Meals were the predominant time consumer of his day and as much as she tried to streamline meal prep, service and clean-up, several hours a day were spent in that one room. Another ten were spent in the gym and the change in his body had been significant. He could place both palms to the floor. He could crank out 200 sit ups and 100 push-ups with ease. On one occasion he held a plank for 30 minutes and only stopped because Mistress tired of timing him. His bench, squat, power cleans and other lifts continued to improve but most importantly to Bobby, his body transitioned into the one she desired him to have. Even though he had bulked up with muscle, he had lost ten pounds. The combination made him look more powerful as the loss in body fat made for more a more defined look. He had a ripped six-pack and now a fairly ripped physique over all.

Katie continued to intern with Mistress over the summer. She ventured out of the office in search for Bobby at least twice a month and, as he later learned, did so only when she was with a client. Mostly she came, only wanting to suck his cock and make him cum. She had a real thing for his nectar. Katie loved its taste, or at least that's what she told him and from the way she gobbled it up, she must have.

After that first time Katie even brought a small plate and had him hold it under her mouth to make sure nothing landed on the carpets, although on one occasion she deep-throated him the entire time he came, letting him shoot his load straight down her esophagus. The feeling of being so far inside her mouth was rivetingly hot, he had to admit. On one occasion, the one that made him feel most uncomfortable, she stripped while giving him a blow job. There she was, her head hanging off the bed, her 20ish year old body magnificently displayed. C-cupped mounds, firm as could be humped gracefully on her young torso. Perky nipples topped those breasts and further down lie a wet pussy. Bobby did all he could to keep his eyes closed while she sucked him off that day but when she realized what he was doing she made him massage her tits and stare at her pussy for almost half an hour.

Katie took her time that afternoon. She knew how to work a guy, how to make him yearn for more and although Bobby was attached to the 'almost-Miss Oklahoma' that was somewhere upstairs, for someone just entering adulthood Katie knew how the male-mind worked. Even he was not beyond temptation.

"Now suck on my nipple," she gagged, his cock barely out of her mouth. While she took him deep, he leaned over from his position above her head and obeyed. Katie laughed at his predicament. She wanted him inside but understood she best not go there, no matter how much she wanted to feel him in her. As much as she wanted that she pushed the desire aside knowing it was only going to happen with Miss Deb's permission. On several occasions she almost inquired but simply couldn't drum up the nerve to ask Deb in fear she'd get suspicious of what she'd been doing with him all summer long.

After Bobby had sucked one breast for at least five minutes, she pushed his hips away, told him to work on the other tit and to finger her pussy while. Bobby submitted albeit reluctantly and Katie could feel the nervous tremors in his hands and mouth. A few minutes after she also felt wetness just below the breast he suckled and realized they were tears. He was crying; crying over the quandary of his situation. Crying because he knew she had stressed him out. Nevertheless, he still obeyed. The man stood bent with his mouth anchored to her tit and had a finger in her cunt, and still he yearned for Miss Deb.

She admired he guy for his dedication and yet found it almost erotic thinking she could make a man cry even while he had his cock eight-inches inside her hot mouth. On top of that he was sucking on her tit and had two fingers inside a sopping wet pussy. "Now that was discipline," she thought.

Having played with his mind enough she pulled both hands away, snapped her fingers. Bobby presented. Katie got up and jerked him off until he finally came in her mouth. Like most times, the first blast went straight down her throat but she pulled him out enough to savor each successive blast, letting it fill her mouth to over flowing before swallowing. Katie thought he must have been able to ejaculate at least a half-cup of semen, if not more. His lemon-sized balls, were at least four inches long and maybe three across and they made a ton of cream.

After he climaxed, she wiped her mouth and left, always leaving him on his knees with his hands on his head. She loved seeing that dumbfounded look of awe, surprise, turmoil, desire and angst all smeared into one stupid expression. Miss Katie knew a part of him hated her for making him do what she did, another feared his mistress might learn of their interaction, and still another that wanted her to come back again. After all, even with the low dose of the little-blue-pill, the pill alone didn't keep him hard. It kept him somewhat aroused, yes; on edge yes, but that's all it did. It kept him mostly full but it was his desire, his lust for her, that did the rest and indeed he responded like any normal man would in her presence. Katie reveled in that thought. How satisfying it was. Not only did it make her feel good to know he couldn't hide his lust, he couldn't hide his fear of Mistress learning of their little secret either.

"Here," she said standing and peering down to the helpless giant of a man kneeling before her, "stick your nose in there and get it all nice and wet. I want you smelling my juice all afternoon."

Spreading her legs she stood flagrant and unashamed with her cunt pressed toward him. She positioned her pussy so he had to make the final move. After all, that's where the fun lay, in watching him voluntarily do what he didn't– but kind of did. She waited and then he moved.

"Stick your nose in between my labia. Go on. Get it in there." Using her fingers she spread herself open so he could get in nice and deep. When she felt his nasal bone pressing firmly against her pubis she let a glob of spittle fall from between her puckered lips.

"That's so you stay nice and wet. Now lick my pussy. Get that snout out of my hole and get your tongue in there. Oh, yesss!" she said squirming when it magically triggered intense feelings. He felt so very good. "Oh God you make my body feel like it's on fire." Her words became more vacillating as her body started shaking blissfully.

Bobby had been here a thousand times. Not with her but with a pussy pressed against his face. Instinct took control. No longer was he licking Katie but rather a pussy. They were all the same; two puckered folds hiding silky smooth liquid ones just inside. And further in lay a moist and sensitive tunnel with so many little nubs and places for his tongue to run its muscular extremity over. Entering the zone now was commonplace and Bobby found himself there. In some removed part of his conscious he listened to her words of encouragement and later pleas in which she begged for a climax. Yet experience told him she wasn't ready. Not yet. To let her cum now would be to deprive her of the best part of his service. Most men buzzed away with nothing more in mind than to hear that shudder of pleasure but by eating in that way they denied the woman whose legs they lay between the very essence of what true ecstasy really felt like.

Only after Katie responded with an urgency like nothing she'd ever experienced did he touch her just so. She rocketed over the precipice and into chasm which was her fantasy. Backing away he left her to shake. Her pussy erupted with feelings and her nectar flowed. Bobby smiled knowing he had manipulated her pussy to be able to feel what she did.

When the best had passed and her body had a guise of control return did she compliment him.

"Oh God that was good Bobby. Mmmm, never in my life did I think..."

And on and on she went, uttering platitude upon platitude of gratitude. Meanwhile Bobby worried who, if anyone was peering through the other end of the camera that stared at them from behind. Would this be the incident that ignited the conversation he dread? He hoped beyond hope it wouldn't and in the end, it didn't.

Katie left for school in late August. It wasn't until sometime in September when Mistress brought up her name and when she did it had nothing to do with their secret. Katie had left some weeks ago was all the news Deb shared with him. Bobby breathed a sigh of relief knowing she'd not be back for several months – and maybe not ever. After all, didn't an internship only last for a few months? He hoped it did.

...

It was in late September when it happened. The day began ordinarily enough. A hot breakfast followed by office responsibilities for Mistress and some yard work and window washing for Bobby. After lunch Mistress returned to the office and Bobby finished completing his chores. A little after two in the afternoon the girls arrived. Bobby greeted each warmly with a hug; his cock initially swinging easily but ending stiff as a board after embracing Tyaja, Lisa and petite Jenny.

Bobby had completed most of his workout. Deb wanted him to get in a good run since it had been over a week since he had jogged more than four miles. When he logged in to the gym iPad, he saw the number '8' in the treadmill column. That number indicated how far he needed to jog today. He knew this run would be an exhausting one since he had only gone this far three times. 

While Bobby trudged on Ty paired with Mistress as a workout partner. They alternated exercising and spotting for one another. Lisa and Jenny formed a similar team.

"Come on Ty! Three more reps. C'mon!"

Ty finished her set of front squats, dropping the bar hard onto the squat rack. "Let's see you match that."

Deb smiled as she added a ten-pound plate to each side and proceeded to pump out the required 15 reps and then cranked out another two before returning the bar to the rack. "OK, your turn to match me." She could tell as soon as the words left her tongue they hadn't fallen on receptive ears.

Ty, her chest still rising and falling heavily from the previous set glared back. "Just spot me," she said flatly.

Deb did. The black goddess racked the bar in front of her deltoids and squatted, letting her ass gently touch the flat bench she straddled and return to a standing position. Ty was able to do ten reps before pausing breathless.

"Seven to go. You can do this," Deb encouraged.

Grunting she answered, "Just shut up!"

Bobby heard the verbal exchange and turned to watch Tyaja barely make the required 15; her legs felt like lead weights and she couldn't match Deb's 17. She racked the bar back on the squat rack and stood panting and gasping for air. She looked and felt like shit.

Deb slapped her playfully on the ass. "Not bad. Not bad at all."

Ty didn't move for several seconds. When she did, Deb got ready for her third set, not even waiting for Ty to spot. She squatted and rose; squatted and rose. When she got to thirteen she too paused, breathing hard. "I'm going to need a spot Ty," she gasped.

Tyaja was still seated on a nearby bench, her arms resting heavily on her thighs. Hearing Deb, she waved one hand dismissively as if to so, 'just do it without me'.

Deb did another rep – just barely. Seeing her partner still seated she placed the bar back on the rack. "Why didn't you help me? I might have been able to get another one or two if I knew you were there."

"I'm tired," Tyaja answered.

"So am I," Deb snapped. "But I needed you. What's gotten in to you?"

"Go to hell!"

"Pardon me? What did you say?"

Ty stared back saying nothing for some seconds. "You ready to do lat pulls?" she said finally. Deb returned a similar glare with pressed lips.

"Yea, I am. I'm waiting on you. Let's go!" she replied with an attitude equal to Ty's arrogant one.

Those were the last words exchanged for the next hour. There was no more encouragement, no more chit chat, no more 'how's your week been?' words of exchange. Rather, they struggled through the preplanned three-sets-of-15 reps in silence, moving from the lat pull to the glut ham machine to the overhead press, and eight other stations. As with the front squat, Deb completed one or two more reps on each set than did Tyaja. The pattern maintained itself throughout the remainder of the session and fueled Ty's anger. It also motivated Deb to push even harder just to spite her for acting so self-deserving.

When Deb dropped the dumbbells onto the padded floor for the last time she grinned triumphantly, "Ah, now that was great workout out. I'm beat!" Looking over at the black goddess she asked, "Girl, you need to push yourself harder."

That comment served as the match that lit Tyaja's fuse. Resentful at being outdone, irritated that their relationship had changed ever since 'he' showed up, frustrated at not being able to enjoy the new eye-candy running on the treadmill nearby and feeling pissed in general, she flared her nostrils and spoke.

"Lick my pussy," she hissed. Sweat dripped freely from every pore on her body. Her red top, now stained a dark maroon from the salty water trapped in its' fabric clung to her curvaceous body.

Deb didn't move and after a long ten seconds, Ty repeated herself. Jen and Lisa were still hard at work but Bobby watched the unfolding power play with interest. He wondered how this would play itself out and couldn't believe what he had heard.

Rather than wait for her to decide, Tyaja strode to Deb and with two hands, pressed her head in a downward direction. "I told you to eat my pussy and I expect you to obey. You know the deal."

"I can't believe you are doing this with him here," she whispered only loud enough for Tyaja to hear.

"Who you do it in front of wasn't part of what you signed on for. Now pull my panties off and stick your tongue up inside me and show everyone what an obedient little girl you are." Her words dripped with sarcasm and were fueled by the sudden reversal in dominance. She peered at the brunette looking completely off balance emotionally.

Debra knelt. "You are going too far with it this time Tyaja. This isn't fair."

Smiling victoriously Ty shrugged her shoulders as if to say, "I don't know what you're talking about." She watched her shorts and panties glide down her legs as Deb tugged at them.

"Suck my sweaty pussy, you slave," Tyaja shouted loud enough for everyone to here. Then roughly she thrust her cunt into the face of her gorgeous friend now forced to worship her sex.

Deb did what she always did. She obeyed; she licked; she satisfied. And while Lisa and Jenny watched the action between sets and Bobby looked on in silence, Ty lost herself in the intimate strokes of the stunning woman's tongue.

Within a minute Lisa, spurred on by the heat of what she saw, lost her shorts and without speaking motioned for Jenny to kneel and mimic what Deb had already begun. Bobby's cock bounced and heaved as he trotted on. He gawked at the two goddesses being ministered to by two of the most stunning slaves one could imagine.

It was Ty who came first; her breaths quickly becoming shorter. Unable to relax and enjoy the ministrations, she involuntarily started thrusting back as her desire to cum surged. A moment later she lost it. Small whimpers were the only audible signs of her orgasm but the gush of fluid made it plain to all she had climaxed and climaxed hard. The sudden shot of juice splashed Deb's face and intensified her humiliation as her own slave stared in disbelief.

A minute later, Lisa came quietly. Jenny rested her head against her lover's tummy. Deb remained motionless, still kneeling, her ass resting on her heels according to Ty's predetermined expectations and waited for further orders. Never once did her eyes leave her goddess's pussy. Ty looked around and spotted a bench no more than three feet from the treadmill Bobby was using. She walked over to it and slipped out of her top. Perfectly shaped chocolate breasts and taut nipples jutted from her strong body. Fingering with an index finger for Deb to come, she reclined and spread her legs wide. She knew the slave with the monstrous cock had his eyes riveted to her voluptuous body. He was within arm's reach and had the ideal vantage point to see her reclaim her dominance after feeling Deb assert herself during their work out. She also knew Deb and Bobby were probably looking at one another in disbelief but that was not her concern. And so she waited with eyes closed for the sensations to begin. And begin they did.

Mistress' eyes met her slaves. She exchanged a resigned glance, one that conveyed obligation and imperceptibly shrugged her shoulders as if to say 'what can I do? I have to do this'. He also saw humility and embarrassment in her eyes; something he had never seen previously. And then she was gone as she lost herself in her own submission. She came to Ty; came between her wedged thighs and entombed her face onto her slick twat in an attempt to get her to cum as fast as she could. The sooner she did, the sooner this nightmare could end.

Ty let out a quiet gasp when she felt her tongue run the length of her opening. She felt wave after wave of luscious sensations when she stroked and nibbled at her nub. For a second Tyaja thought she'd explode almost immediately and it was then that she understood. She pushed Deb's head away.

"Kiss my thigh and then kiss my pussy and then do the same with my other leg. I want you to take your time," she cooed while acting as if she hadn't figured out Deb's motive.

"That's it. I like that. Nice and slow. Kiss my cunt all over. Yes baby, keep doing that," she said feeling the gentle kisses on her sensitive inner folds. Ten minutes later she spoke again. "Here, now you can kiss inside." Ty spread her pussy lips apart revealing the dripping red of her vaginal opening. It was crimson and oozing precipitously. Bobby almost tripped when he garnered a prolonged look. She was so hot!

Once again, Deb complied. She could feel the flush of shame enshroud her face. She could feel Bobby's penetrating eyes, almost directly above and boring down. She hated Ty for doing this but she knew exactly why she was doing this. Yet Deb had no way to escape. She had gone too far to ever reverse things.

When Deb next took her Dominant to the edge and then over, she was greeted with another splash of warm nectar. Normally she loved it. She loved tasting her. She loved the feeling of the sudden surge of fluid filling her mouth or spraying her face. She understood at some level what Bobby must feel when he made her cum. But Deb also knew this could never be her life. Yes this had come to be some kind of warped compartmentalized component of who she was but it had always been reserved for only this intimate group. Only these three women, up until today, ever knew about this side of her and she never spoke of Jenny's role with Lisa to anyone. But bringing Bobby into the mix changed things. She was his Mistress; his dominant. Letting him see her like this was the ultimate disgrace. It undermined every bit of who she was and how he wanted him to view her. She wanted nothing more than to fly a thousand miles away and stay away long enough for the memory of this moment to be lost in everyone's mind.

"I'm going to get another ten or so climaxes before I'm through," she said now propped on elbows.

"I hate you," Deb mouthed.

Ty smiled. "No you don't. You just hate him watching. I know how much you've enjoyed me over the years. But I don't want to talk about that now. I'm about ready for another one. Are you?" She watched a tear form in the corner of Deb's eye.

"You know," Ty said suddenly. "How about I give you a choice? Do you want to stop?"

"You know the answer Ty. Of course I do!" she hissed.

"You can if you let your slave lick me instead. No fucking; just his tongue. You can leave now and go shower. I'll only make him give me a couple more if we do it that way."

With pressed lips Debra shook her head in disbelief. "Why are you doing this? All because I did a few more reps than you today? Are you that insecure?"

Ignoring her she asked, "Are you ready to lick or do you want to go?" Her voice was calm and soothing and contained not a hint of regret.

Deb suddenly stood and pointed to Tyaja's cunt. "Get off that dame treadmill and lick her! Do what she says!" and stormed out of the gym.

Ty rose slowly and pressed the power button on the treadmill. "You heard your Mistress," she tutted.

"Yes Ma'am," he replied coolly.

"Repeat to me verbatim what she just said. I want to make sure you understood perfectly." She turned and locked the door to the gym as she spoke.

"She told me to lick you."

Was that all?"

"She said, 'Lick her and do what she says'."

"I think her exact words were Lick her; Do what she tells you."

"Yes Ma'am."

"And I'm going to let you do both. Let's start with the last part of your 'mistress' command and deal with that first."

Bobby got down on one knee ready to complete the task when Deb pointed to Jenny. "Go lick her and make her cum."

Bobby's eyes widened. "What?"

"Your mistress commanded you to do whatever I told you and I'm telling you to go lick Jenny. Now do it! And do it now!!" Her words rang with authority.

"Jenny, get over here. Bobby, get on your back."

Both submissives quickly complied; Jenny did so with obvious apprehension. Soon after Jenny came to a shuddering climax. No sooner had she settled then Ty pulled her away roughly by the arm while keeping a foot firmly on Bobby's chest.

"Lisa, do you want a go at him?" She smiled coquettishly. "He's all yours if you want." She moved a hand as if to offer her his services.

"I feel pretty satisfied Ty. I'm good. You go ahead. Enjoy him."

Ty shook her head in amazement. "Damn girl. Did you see what he just did to her? And you don't want some of that?"

"I'm fine. You enjoy." The dark haired model affirmed. "You know how I feel about men."

"OK, don't say I never gave you the chance." She mounted him and sat, her hands holding either side of his face in a vice-like grip. "I heard you are the best and I want your best now." She watched him nod and then she moved over him and reveled in touches so exquisite, so precise and so wonderful. He didn't take her to that first climax in a rush. He didn't dawdle either. Instead he took her there at exactly the right time; leading her with masterful precision along a path that left her breathless and made her cum with such fury she both wanted him to do it over and over. Her orgasm was so gloriously draining she wondered if she could make it through many more. The explosion of juice that blasted him gushed from her sex. The waves of delight that pulsed outward in every direction were like nothing Deb had ever been able to make her feel. It was the best. He was the best.

"Oh god Bobby," she said moving over him once again. "I want more of that. Lot's more, I think."

When Ty finally collapsed for the last time she rolled off and sprawled weakly onto the floor, lying next to him. Her legs trembled. Her body trembled. "Go," she whispered. "And thank you! She really is a lucky woman."

Bobby stood and walked to the door, unlocked it and left without looking back. His duties were over. He had done what Mistress had commanded and in view of the alternative was thankful he could. It wasn't that he particularly wanted to eat Jenny or Ty but he was thankful he could save his mistress from further embarrassment. He hurried upstairs and found her sitting on the side of the bed. He came to her, kneeling at her feet.

"I'm so sorry Mistress."

"Just hold me."

He did, and did so for the longest while. Deb felt the cold drops on her neck some minutes later when his tears finally found their way onto her upper back.

"I shouldn't have been there," Bobby whispered.

"Hush. I don't want to talk about it." Many minutes later she quietly broke away and had him shower.

Mistress remained sitting after Bobby exited the shower some minutes later. He could tell she had been crying. "Wait for the girls upstairs. When they are dressed, kindly show them out. When they're gone make a dinner reservation for us at the Smoke House for seven tonight. I need to get out of this place for awhile and you need a break from the kitchen."

...

It took some time before she came around. The hours were uncomfortably quiet. Bobby could do nothing to shake her out of her funk and so busied himself with chores that weren't due for another day. Deb did her best to put aside the earlier fiasco but the memories, thoughts, feelings and emotions hung all too heavy on her heart. She needed a change; a break from the house and environment and a chance to clear her head over a nice cut of filet and aged red wine.

Bobby escorted his date into the establishment, his hand gently resting on the small of her back. She looked unabashedly glamorous and drew unapologetic wide-eyed stares from all she passed. It wasn't as if she intended to draw attention, she rarely did, but that didn't change her reality. She continually impressed others with her beauty. Perfect curves in all the right places, jaw-droppingly beautiful facial features and a perfect body made it impossible for people not to take a second or third look at her as she made her way to her table.

"I'll order for the two of us," she said quietly after being seated.

Wine arrived and a little while later so did their salad. Bobby made small talk about the weather and asked about her work. He thought he sensed Mistress knew what he was up to –trying to fill the dead-air with meaningless chit-chat.

She smiled gracefully, answering his questions but her mind was miles away.

"You have a right to know why I did what I did today," she blurted, interrupting his comment about the stock market.

"I really don't. It's not my say to demand anything of you. You don't have to tell me anything Mistress," he said defending her authority and dominance. His voice had a pleading tone.

Deb's hand crossed the table and closed around his. "I love you. It's because I love you that you have a right to know. I want you. I want you forever and if I am to have you then there are times when I need to let you into parts of my life in which I won't open to anyone else."

Bobby felt his cock suddenly move. There was nothing erotic in her words and yet it was her desire to include him, to reach out and make him feel as if he mattered that triggered the sudden response.

"OK, but only when you are ready. I don't want you to feel hurried or pressured to say anything you don't want. I can wait. I can wait as long as you want. I just want you to be happy. That's all."

"Thanks, but I can tell you're curious about what's going on; at least a little." She hinted at a smile. It was the first he had seen all day.

"Yes, I am curious. You got me there." He returned the grin hoping she was finally willing to leave the black hole she'd been in. "But even so, don't say things before you really want."

"Let's wait until our meals arrive so we're not interrupted."

"Like I said, I'm in no hurry Mistress. I love you."

The steak came, all two-inches thick and dripping with juice. Bobby cut into his immediately. The meat really was so tender it could almost be cut with a fork but he opted for a steak knife and savored the flavorful treat. He wondered how they did it. How they cooked it exactly to his liking and why he still struggled to cook a filet to perfection he couldn't figure. Whatever their secret was it was one that drew a steady flow of patrons. The steak here was always excellent.

"I was eighteen when Tyaja won the state title of Miss Oklahoma," she began. Bobby raised an eyebrow, not realizing how young she was. "Yea, I had just finished high school but I'd been competing in beauty pageants for years. Ty and I were good friends and had been so for several years. I always looked up to her. She's about a year and a half older than me."

"I didn't know you two were that young. Almost sounds as if you were still kids. That's Katie's age!"

"Even younger," Deb replied. "I probably should have waited a few more years before competing on that big of a stage. If I had, I might have won but my family encouraged me to keep going and I kept winning, or almost winning, and so I did. Anyway, I lost to Ty and that meant she would be the one competing in Atlantic City. I told you earlier that I went by default just in case something happened to her."

"And that's when you met Lisa?"

"Yes. You have a good memory," she added. "We were roommates and because I was good friends with Tyaja the three of us did most everything together when we weren't rehearsing.

"Is that when things changed between you two?"

Deb nodded.

"I was a so out of my environment, Bobby. I grew up in the middle of nowhere. Yea, our family went to town now and then and yes my folks took us places but mostly I was a naïve kid who knew lots about ranch life and cattle and horses but nothing about the city, about partying and all the kinky lifestyles people engaged. When I flew to New Jersey and came to the hotel where they put all us girls everything was on a scale so much grander than anything I'd been a part of before. I also was alone and that was a first. 

"I bet you loved it."

"I did. Being away for two weeks with so many beautiful women made me feel like a princess. I felt so grown up. I mean we were treated like royalty wherever we went. I remember going into Philly," she said excitedly, "and TV cameras were everywhere and all we did was tour Old Philadelphia, you know the Liberty bell and Independence Hall and whatnot. The media treated us like we were Hollywood celebrities. Photographers were always around us taking pictures and TV crews seemed to press a mike up to our face to answer questions endlessly."

"Sounds like fun. I've never been there and never, ever felt famous."

"Yea, it was, but one evening when we were in Atlantic City Ty and Lisa snuck me into a bar. No one carded us because of who we were. I think a lot of the restaurants and bars let us in and most didn't even charge us because we attracted so many followers."

"You mean you were essentially free advertisement for those places."

Yea, exactly. Beauty sells I guess. Anyway, we got served and I got drunk pretty quick. It didn't take much," she said upon reflection. "Ty even talked the bartender into giving us a bottle of something and we headed back to our room. After Ty got loaded she got really horny from what I can remember but I only remember bits and pieces." Deb stared off as if trying to remember. "I was so wasted. Like I said, I can only remember a little bit but apparently the two of us started kissing and fondling. I remember the three of us giggling while we all stood side by side in the bathroom voting on who had the best tits."

"Bet you won that." He grinned and looked at the ample mounds protruding from behind her scarlet dress.

"Actually Lisa did. We weren't allowed to vote for ourselves. Anyway, Ty ended up getting completely undressed after that and I don't remember much."

"Something must have happened."

"It did. I just can't recall anything."

"So what was it?"

"Ty and Lisa later told me that Ty dared me to lick her pussy and I did. They both said I liked it and Lisa took lots of pictures of me so I know I did. But I can't remember doing it."

"And then she blackmailed you?" he asked feeling the tension building inside.

Deb nodded. "I woke with a splitting headache. They didn't say anything for a couple of days. That's when Tyaja showed me a picture with my face buried between a black woman's legs – her legs. Even a stranger could see it was me."

"I'm so sorry Mistress."

"I got myself into this mess. I took the picture and ripped it to shreds. Ty laughed without putting up much of a fight. That's when she explained she had a hundred more of me doing the same thing. I remember panicking but she hugged me and told me everything would be all right. That's when we went back to my room to talk. When we got there Lisa was there waiting and that's when Tyaja told me if I didn't go down on her again she'd send pictures home to my folks."

"That was cold," Bobby said in a hush. Most of his meal sat unattended as did hers. Both had lost their appetite and a tear finally blossomed in the corners of Deb's eyes.

"I cried. I remember Lisa feeling bad for me but Tyaja stood her ground even though I begged her to burn everything she had.

"I loved you licking me," I remember her saying, "and I want you to do it again now. I want you to remember that you ate Miss Oklahoma's pussy."

"I'll never forget her words. They changed my life in some ways."

"I take it you did."

Deb shrugged her shoulders. "I had no choice. I couldn't take the chance she'd send a picture home to Mom and Dad. I mean, I was only eighteen! It would have killed them."

"I'm sure it would. I remember your sister telling me how religious your family was."

"They are and I couldn't risk breaking their heart. I was their famous child and in their eyes I was perfect. That's what they always said, even though I know it wasn't true."

"And so you did it?"

Deb nodded in affirmation. "And that's when Ty took even more pictures. And from then on, every time I licked she took more."

"Oh Mistress, I am so sorry."

She dismissed his comment. "You see, my story is like yours in some way."

The shock of hearing their parallel lives momentarily stunned him. "But it's not," he retorted, not wanting to admit they were. "I'm a slave. I'm your slave. You're a mistress and a beautiful one at that."

"I know but in some ways I'm bound to her and it all came about in ways so similar to how you came to be Sharon's slave; Mariko forced you into slavery when you were working at her school." (Read: A Tennessee Education story to gain further background) and Ty forced me by blackmailing me just as Mariko did you.

"But you aren't a slave, Mistress," Bobby insisted. His voice rose in pitch. "You don't have a slave's heart."

"No I don't. And that's where we differ. I love owning you and ..."

"I love serving you," he finished. "But has this been going on for years Mistress?" He asked aghast.

"More than fifteen."

"And it needs to stop."

"If I could, I would but I don't know how."

They both were quiet for some time deep in their own thoughts. Then, without looking directly at her he asked somewhat sheepishly, "Do you like doing it?"

She burst into a cackle and one that was too loud, given where they were. Another couple looked their way and Deb covered her mouth. "It's OK," she said after quieting. "I know that what she and I do has become part of how we relate. We have this routine and I've come to accept it. It's the only way I know how to cope with what I do. I just accept it as my thing I share with Ty and one Lisa and Jenny accept as being OK." She looked at Bobby intently. "I'm not proud of this but I am powerless to make it end."

"That's what's so sad about it all – that it's not something you want to do – kind of a catch 22," he added.

"Yea. A sad catch-22."

"We really are different people; you and I."

"Where are you going with that comment?" She asked.

"Just that being between your legs or Ty's or one of the hundred others I've been with is something I see as being 'me'." He pointed to himself. "It's who I am now."

"Meaning you like being there?"

"Meaning," He said trying to come up with the correct response, "I know that when I'm there I make other women feel really good, and," he paused, "and because I love being there and doing that for them. For some reason it makes me feel more alive. I can't explain it."

"You don't need to. I've watched the change in you when you've served me. I know how good it makes you feel and I can see you enjoying the gift you give me vicariously. I think you have a need to serve. You need to be between a woman's legs, Bobby. It's who you are. It energizes you and makes you feel valuable."

Valuable. That was the word. Indeed it did give him value, he thought. "I guess it does. Mostly I think it makes me realize who I am and that's what I love most; knowing I'm a slave to a female. It's not like sticking my tongue into a woman's hole feels titillating to my tongue, but it does remind me I am serving someone more important than me."

Debra smiled. "I know Baby."

"But it doesn't do that to you and that's why everything about your situation is so sad."

"Well, now that Ty knows she can do it with you around this is probably going to happen more frequently." She sighed. "That's why I needed to let you in on our history and how it all started."

"We could just avoid her, not do Friday training together," he suggested.

"Like I said, if I don't do what she wants, she'll send pictures to my folks. I'll never let that happen and I can't take the chance she won't call my bluff." Her voice hardened, "I can't let that ever happen." She sat staring off into space for some bit. "I think it's better that I don't rile her and just stay with the flow."

"But that means you'll keep eating her."

"Or you will."

He sat straighter. "I would take your place in a heartbeat if it meant you'd be off the hook."

"Because it turns you on?" she probed questioning the quickness of his response.

"No Mistress. I'd do it because it would keep you from humbling yourself as if you were her slave."

Deb pondered the offer. "Maybe. But I doubt she would hand me all of the prints. She probably has them saved on her computer. She only needs one to ruin my relationship with Mom and Dad."

"I understand but even so, I'd lick her for you every day if that meant you'd be spared further humiliation. And besides, that's what I do."

"What do you mean?"

"I do all kinds of things for you because you don't like doing them. This would just be one more; a big thing but no different than cooking or cleaning for you."

"I don't like you acting so eager to get between her legs again. It makes me wonder if you have other motives." But in her heart she knew he didn't. She didn't believe for a moment he had the capacity to ally himself with two mistresses. Her real worry had to do with Tyaja wanting more than what he had already given her. That was THE hard line she would never cross with her or anyone else for that matter. Doing so opened a possible Pandora's Box.

"What are you thinking?" Deb asked.

"Can I change the subject?"

"Yes Sweetheart."

"I was wondering how Jenny came to be with Lisa."

"Jenny is bisexual and the two of them have had something for as long as I've known Lisa."

"Like even before you two met in Atlantic City?"

"Even before. I believe they started playing around sometime in high school. I mean, Lisa started enjoying Jenny's attention rather than the other way around. I don't know everything about them but Jenny is the submissive one – just like you."

"I figured that. But she's got a bit of a dominant side as well," he countered.

"Why do you say that?"

"Because she's said some things to me, and I think she said them just to make the point she didn't view us as being equals. What I mean," he explained, "is she aligned herself with Lisa and Ty when we first met. She acted like she had the right to play with me even though she wasn't as pushy about it as Ty was. I didn't even know she had a kind of submissive relationship with Lisa at the time but later on I thought back to what she said and how she acted. So, yea, even though she's Lisa's property, she looks at me as a step lower on the power rung then she."

"That's an interesting observation. I don't believe she's as into girls as Lisa is. In fact I believe she dated some in college but that was years ago. But Lisa has gotten pretty possessive with her and I don't think she's been with anyone else ever since they moved in together. The only person Lisa lets her be with is Ty and even then it's pretty innocent stuff."

Bobby pondered her comments storing the information away along with all of the other mysterious tidbits he'd gleaned in the short time spent with these four magnificent ladies. He smiled thinking about how true the statement is that when you are attached to someone else you really do 'marry the family'. Although not married, nor even engaged, he'd become intimately intertwined in the lives of several of her close friends and the drama surrounding their lives.

Eventually she waived for the waiter and asked for their check. After paying she left feeling much better than when arriving. Bobby escorted her to the car, sitting beside her in the passenger seat while Deb drove, this time letting her dictate the conversation. Getting all of her history with Tyaja out in the open was good for them both and as sad as the story had been, it didn't change a thing about how he felt about Mistress. What changed was his view of Tyaja. She had always been one to take charge but he wondered how much had to do with some deep-seated insecurity. Bobby thought it had to be that and if not that she was simply a mean and sadistic individual. At the very least she was a bitch; a beautiful one, but still a bitch for doing what she had. He couldn't get over the fact she could do this to someone who held her in such high esteem, and keep doing it for so many years. It wasn't right and her actions reminded him of just how evil the world is.

It amazed him how Mistress somehow compartmentalized their sexual escapades into some obscure part of her mind. The fact that she could still cherish her friendship – and even go so far as to profess Tyaja to be one of her closest friends didn't make sense. He didn't understand how she could separate what Tyaja had done, and continued to do, from the love she felt for her. Maybe she really had rationalized that eating Ty's pussy on a weekly basis was a normal part of who they were. After all, Jenny was doing the same thing with Lisa and probably did it more often. What was plainly clear was Mistress' embarrassment when their secret suddenly included him. Her humiliation in the gym was tangible and Ty had gone out of her way to make certain he saw she was Deb's dominant. That both creeped him out and made him ache with pity for Deb. She didn't deserve to be treated that way. After all, she was his dominant and not some two-bit slut.

Bobby's cock swelled for the hundredth time thinking about Ty's pussy. He wasn't completely honest when he had shared about Ty. Yes, there was an emotional separation when eating Ty that wasn't there when he licked Deb but her pussy juice tasted delicious; and she squirted every time she came! Even more significant was her response to his ministration. She loved what he did. He felt it. There was no denying he made her feel like the goddess she portended to be and by doing so brought to light his submissiveness when in her presence. He moved a hand over his growing erection.

"What are you thinking about slave?"

"Nothing Mistress. Just enjoying the ride home."

Deb pushed his hand aside and ran it along the length of the thick sausage. "I asked what you were thinking about and I want an honest answer." She squeezed harder, letting her nails dig in through the thin linen slacks.

"About Ty squirting," he blurted.

"What about her squirting?"

"She tastes good and there is so much fluid when she does."

"So you're saying you like it?"

"In a way yes, I do. I've not eaten many women that squirt and I've never eaten a squirter that shot such sweet tasting juice. So yea, I think what Ty can do is pretty cool."

"I kind of like it too," she said quietly, not taking her eyes off the road.

Her remark destroyed any remnant of the stress he felt from her cursory probe. He breathed easier.

"So she liked the taste of a woman?" he thought. Now that was interesting. It made him wonder if she had a fondness for another woman sexually or if it only went so far as to what she revealed – that the liquid Tyaja secreted was quite palatable. As for him, it was more than that. Although he had no love or desire for a relationship with Ty, despite her profound beauty, he enjoyed eating pussy. Not only did he love the look, he enjoyed the smell, the taste, the feel, and knew what it did to his self-esteem whenever one presented itself. It reinforced who he was and what his role in life was mostly about – providing pleasure. Sometimes there was a humiliation component when he was forced to eat, although in his mind, it almost never was forced. To be forced assumed someone has a revulsion to doing it and he had no such reaction. Rather he welcomed kneeling, lying, stooping or however he was positioned to lick. His thoughts wandered, thinking of the many but ended only thinking about the one in question. Neither said another word the rest of the way home although both were thinking identical thoughts about a woman's cunt who they mutually served.

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 08
byKatiekatsman©

The following week flowed without incident. Once more the dominant and submissive couple quietly and contentedly occupied themselves during the business hours of each day engaging in their mutually exclusive responsibilities. Debra continued to serve as sole breadwinner, a role she thoroughly enjoyed and intended to maintain, while her submissive boyfriend maintained the home, and doubled as a personal servant. They woke early each morning, Mistress often putting Bobby between her legs for a few minutes before sending him to the kitchen to prepare a hot breakfast of her liking. Lunch and dinners were spent together as were evenings. Prior to the dinner meal they often spent a few hours in the gym and on those occasions when she couldn't free herself from the office, oversaw his routine via video surveillance.

It was the evening hours they enjoyed most. Dining out, walks at dusk, a dip in the hot tub, massages, cuddling while watching a movie or socializing with company. Deb found herself falling more deeply in love with Bobby and Bobby had already taken the plunge almost from day one. As much as she enjoyed what he had to offer sexually, she relished the thought of his company most of all. He was a good man; a dedicated man; a handsome man and one she could trust and respect. Yes he had a cock when she needed her id satisfied and a tongue equally adept at pleasing but mostly it was the total package that she cherished most. It was his gentleness contrasted with his thick muscular frame, his massive cock and balls so trained to please in contrast to his humility. Mostly it was his devotion, his uncompromising commitment and loyalty that produced the yearning for more – for something lifelong – for marriage.

Flipping the video feed to the various rooms on, one afternoon at work, she located him. He was in the laundry room folding clothes and ironing. She watched him work for some while and couldn't help blowing kisses toward the video screen. His cock hung thick and full and partially erect and at one point, it quickly grew to full staff. Deb wondered what thought had crossed his mind and hoped it was a memory of them that produced the involuntary response.

There was something about his cock and balls that made her drool and she found herself zooming the high-def camera in on his midsection. Torn between the size and shape of his penis and the sheer magnitude of his testicles she stared. It feel so wonderful to know 'that' and him were all hers. They belonged to Mistress Debra only. The thought lightened her mood and also dampened her panties. On a whim she pressed the speaker button,

"Bobby, go the bedroom and prepare yourself."

She watched him look up and realize she had been stalking him. He grinned, that breathtaking grin of his. His manhood had already prepared itself, taking only seconds to comprehend the words and understand her intent. She stared from her seat in her office at his smiling face looking back at her. It was one of those facial expressions she never tired of seeing.

"Yes Mistress," he answered. Turning the iron off. He left the jeans on the board and headed upstairs.

Pleasing Mistress was the best. In truth, it took some time for the older memories of Mistress Sharon to fully dissipate. It wasn't that he didn't love Sharon. In fact he had. He had ached for her affection but that was not to be. Instead he was limited to serving her orally. He let her beat him and he spent his time working side by side with Jasmine doing whatever Sharon in a vain attempt to please. But Mistress Debra was so different. Although twins, Deb was different. She was gentle and so stunningly beautiful. Both however were firm and uncompromising in their expectations. They both demanded complete obedience but that's where their commonalities ended. Sharon was harsh and even brutal at times. Debra was caring and loving. Sharon wanted only his oral services; Debra wanted all of him. Sharon shared him often with others; Debra did so once and only with Tyaja because she felt obligated. To Sharon, he could never fully satisfy; to Debra he was all she ever dreamed of and more.

As he lay waiting, his cock standing thick and hard, he thought back to Mariko. Wordlessly Bobby thanked her for all she had done. Without her, and without Mistress Sharon, he never would have found such a gorgeous woman and wonderful mate and one whom he hoped would someday take him as her submissive husband. Growing up as a Tennessee country boy who had moved on to college and then got a graduate degree, he had set his sights on wealth and fame as an educational consultant. Had it not been for offending the wrong person at the wrong time in the wrong place his life would have never done this about face. As fate would have it, it did, and so had everything that followed. He had offended Mariko, a Mistress with untold power. It was she who had seized the moment. Although he had only spent a week with her it had been enough. She had opened his eyes, even if only faintly, to what his new life would become and what he later hoped it would become. That desire must have been there all those years lying dormant. Mariko and Sharon helped him see how much he needed to live under the firm hand of a woman. When Sharon accepted Mariko's challenge she broke and later remolded him into the slave he needed to be. By doing so she gave him a purpose in life.

Those two women saw in him what he could never see in himself. Mariko served as the catalyst but Sharon was the one that broke and humbled him. "God, the things she did to him," he reflected. What she did to break his spirit was almost mindboggling in hindsight. It was a wonder he had so few scars although they were there if anyone took the time to look closely. Only because Sharon chose to use a thick leather strap that dispersed the blow across a larger surface were the scars minimized. But the strap stung like hell. "How many times had that strap brutally slammed into him? A thousand? ten-thousand? At least that many," he pondered. And then, after a heartbreaking day of rejection, Mistress took him to Texas where everything changed in an instant. He heard the door open and his reflections ceased.

Bobby heard the bedroom door open. She had come.

"You look so good," she said turning the light off and lighting a candle.

He could see how pleased she was to find him lying with his pole jutting skyward.

Limberly slipping out of her clothes she crossed the room and leaned over for a kiss. Her heavy melons so full and firm dangled from her torso. Bobby touched one affectionately.

"I love you Bobby," she whispered upon breaking the kiss.

"Thank you. I love you, my beautiful mistress."

Deb climbed on the bed next to him and to his amazement, lay on her back with her legs spread. Bobby expected her to point to her sex as she usually did but this time she did the unexpected.

"Make love to me," she cooed.

"On top?" he asked incredulously. "You want me on top?"

"I want you to make love to me," she repeated, her dark eyes filled with longing.

Bobby never got over the depth of her beauty. Not only was she blessed physically but that beauty penetrated every part of her. Intelligent, sensitive, caring, spontaneous, predictable, energetic, playful, serious, thoughtful, erotic; so many adjectives described her. She was multifaceted and at her very core embodied the feminine as God had ordained it to be.

"I would love to satisfy you," he answered, straddling her hips on all fours and leaning down to kiss her neck and jaw.

Deb sighed and closed her eyes. Her hands found his arms and then his chest. She moved them along the side of his body while laying quietly and enjoying the caress of his lips bathe her with affection. Eventually desire overtook affection and she reached down for his cock. The slow drip, drip of precum had already wet her lions. Squeezing it first and then running her hand up and down the stout pole she drew his thoughts to her desires. When he felt her grasp around one bulbous testicle he groaned and moved in position.

"I love your kisses Bobby, but I want you inside me. Make love to me Baby," she said softly. "Take it nice and slow. Love my body." She stretched her arms overhead and arched. Completely relaxed and erotically sexy, her movements professed who she was. Deb was a magnificent and breathtaking woman with a heart of gold.

Bobby did make love and he did it for a long while; sometimes moving, sometimes stopping just long enough to kiss and tell her know how much he adored and cared. Making love with Mistress was the best. It didn't matter whether she wanted it hard and rough or slow and gentle as she did now. Her cunt encapsulated his rod upon entry, milking it instinctively with involuntary contractions that made him feel like the most wanted slave any mistress could ever own. To be loved by this goddess was more than he could sometimes grasp. Her beauty never ceased to amaze. She was so much more desirable than Ty and Lisa and Jenny. Yes they were all beautiful, gorgeous in fact, but only Deb cared. Only Deb loved. Only Deb had given him her heart, and Bobby had accepted her gift, cherishing it for the precious offering it truly was. It was her love for him that filled him in ways only she could. Indeed he was a blessed man.

"Oh, Bobby," she sighed longingly. "Oh Bobby."

He moved slowly and patiently, sliding in and out. Sensing her approaching edge, he eased off ever so minutely, moving and then pausing but never so long as to let her arousal subside; only enough to prolong her pleasure and fuel her desire. He knew how to make love to her. He knew what she relished and even though she had offered her body for him to make love, he never even once thought of her as a source of self-pleasure. Rather her expressed vulnerability served as yet another opportunity to please. Only his position over, rather than under or beside, was unusual, but even then, it only meant another challenge for him to serve and please while he denied himself what she desperately wanted.

The evening ended quietly two hours later. Now Mistress slept dreamily enjoying the feathery touches of her slave. Bobby had brought her to three enjoyable climaxes during the forty minutes they made love. That time was followed by another period of cuddling, talking and eventually a massage. Mistress didn't want to leave the bed once she got in and so Bobby remained caring for her. His cock ached for release. They had made love for such a long time. He ached to cum. His balls remained uncomfortably full, so much so he slipped on an oversized condom to collect the excess drainage.

Since his surgery and subsequent recovery the continual leakage had subsided. The twice daily dose of the little blue pill spiked his fluid overflow for an hour after ingestion but he only leaked profusely now when he became aroused. He noted how his body had adapted to the micro dose of Silldenafil. The drug maintained him in a continual semi erect state. It didn't take much to fill him fully so whenever Mistress touched him or when the girls came over he usually stayed rock-hard. It was how she liked him and he had become accustomed to the enormous cock hanging heavy and mostly full and dripping.

Satisfied that she had fallen into a deep sleep he slipped close behind, placing his aroused cock between her legs. He felt her hand pull it tight against her sex as he enveloped her with one arm. She relaxed noticeably as he snuggled behind and together they drifted off into a comfortable sleep.

...

"I'll be back on Sunday night," she said one evening.

Bobby bristled at the revelation. He never wanted to be away from her and now, some eight months since she had taken him to be hers he still got that uneasy feeling. The house felt too empty when he was here alone. His life felt empty when they were apart. Bobby often fell into a subtle depression during such times and no matter how much work she assigned or how many hours he spent working out, it never fully lifted his spirit. Instead he continually thought about her and as much as he knew that was a positive sign, he never looked forward to her departures.

"It's only a short conference in Phoenix. No longer than the one I went to last month," she answered after explaining why she needed to go.

"Yes Ma'am," he answered. He always answered with the same phrase. He couldn't change her plan and in his rationale mind knew these meetings were necessary. She needed to go. It was important for her to remain current with her trade. Mistress earned an income well into the mid-six figures and professional seminars like these enabled her to connect and learn and attract even more of the most affluent clientele in the greater Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

"I'll keep you busy my slave," she said smiling cheerfully.

"So I'm not your engaged slave, just your busy one now?" he chided.

"You know you are and soon you will be my submissive slave-husband."

"I can't wait. Maybe that's what makes you going away so difficult. I never want you to be away from you."

Deb grabbed his thick balls, one in each hand and gave them a firm squeeze. Since his surgery his scrotum has stretched and now his lemons hung and swayed beautifully. And when she let him empty those boys, oh my god, they could fill a small glass with semen.

"Tell you what, when I come back I'll let you ejaculate in my throat. You know I'm almost able to swallow you whole now."

"Only about an inch to go." He spread his thumb and index finger the appropriate distance to indicate how much further she needed before being able to take him completely. In fact she was getting close and wasn't sure why, now that she could put him mostly down her throat why she still gagged when he was over seven inches inside. He loved it when she practiced taking him. She didn't do it to satisfy him and even though she took him in her mouth it wasn't like she was giving him a blow job. No, it wasn't about him, although it felt incredible to be so deep in her mouth. No, it was more about Mistress mastering something she hadn't yet. The process of doing so was an extension of who she was; master of all and obedient to no one – well almost none.

"You feel so good when you're that far inside. I don't know why but I love knowing I can take you like that. Must be my slutty side."

"Mistress!"

"I know. I know. Only with you. You know I don't talk that way to anyone else."

"But regardless of how you play with me in bed, you're never a slut." His words were insistent.

Mistress grinned, her smile reaching her eyes. She blew him a kiss. Bobby came to her and kissed her softly.

"There's nothing wrong with being a little slutty when it's just you and me," she insisted.

Bobby smiled. "Well, I love it," he admitted, "when you get that way too."

"That's cause you're my bitch-slave."

Bobby laughed. "Yes Ma'am."

Deb kissed him and wrapped one leg around one of his playfully. When she looked at him with those big beautiful brown eyes he asked.

"What time do you leave?" He asked.

"First thing in the morning."

"I wish you could take me."

"Bobby, you know the rules. You're not ever allowed to leave the house when I'm away." She tapped the steel retaining rings circling the base of his cock and balls.

"I know. It's just that I'm going to miss you so bad." He gripped the rings, "You know you can trust me."

"I know but rules are rules and times like these serve as poignant reminders that I'm in charge and you're my slave. This is good for you to do what you don't want to do."

"I don't feel like your slave. I only know I love you."

Deb draped her arms over his shoulders and stood on her toes. She pressed her lips against his lightly. "And I want you to love me." She paused and touched his face. "And indeed you are loved but that doesn't change who you are. You're my property; my very precious property but mine nevertheless."

"I know," he said somewhat resignedly. "It's just that I wish you'd make an exception."

"I wonder about that too sometimes but I'm afraid if I 'go there' I'll want to go there again and I don't know where that path might lead. I love us just where we are, Baby." She kissed him again, this time more passionately and for several seconds. When she stopped, she stared at him intently, her large brown eyes filled with love, "so be happy knowing your mistress loves you just like this."

"Thanks Mistress. I need to hear you say that. I don't want to ever forget how lucky we are and all we do have," he said emphasizing the word 'do'.

"Let's make love," she said smiling. Grabbing his penis she felt its thickness and waited for it to harden to leaden steel. It only took a few seconds. She led him onto the deck.

"Outside?"

"Why not. It's a perfect spring night."

"Mistress, you are horny, aren't you?"

"A slut," she said with a raise of her eyebrows.

"Bobby beamed.

When they got outside Deb slipped out of her clothing, one article at a time. With each toss of her garb came a playful spin so Bobby could see her body from every angle. And in the soft hue of the moonlight she knew she looked especially enticing. Mistress enjoyed playing in this way. After all, they both knew her body was about as perfect as a woman's body could be and every now and again she wanted to make sure his mind lustfully wanted her. Deb knew her circle of friends were uniquely different than most. She also understood Bobby's eyes couldn't help but sample their voluptuous curves, even if only at a superficial level. Even more concerning were his weekly sessions with Tyaja.

When things first changed it took Deb two weeks before she conceded to Bobby's suggestion of having him lick her whenever Ty demanded service. She didn't want him to go there. She didn't want her fiancée to be that intimate with another woman – especially one as beautiful as Ty. The deciding factor had more to do with what he saw than anything. She hated having him watch her kneel with her face buried between Tyaja's legs like she had. That had happened again the next time Bobby was with them and it was the last time.

On both occasions she stood or lay within arm's reach of him making her embarrassment even more profound. At Bobby's insistence she yielded. Yes, she heard his pleas and on many levels believed them to be true but that didn't dismiss the fact that her future husband would intimately know her best friend in ways he had no business knowing. Just because he had eaten several hundred women didn't make him being with Ty any less stressful. She accepted his past, not that she liked all she knew. Deb had no desire to know about everything her sister made him do. What Deb did know was that every Friday either immediately before or after working out Tyaja took him into the spare bedroom and sometimes didn't return for almost an hour.

The nightmare had moved on from Act 1 to Act 2 and had no end in sight. Both Bobby and Deb wished they could bring this to a close but had no solution. Maybe someday she'd call Ty's bluff and once and tell her 'no'. She wasn't ready to do that yet. She just couldn't; if only to maintain her parents pride in their daughter.

"You like?" she said mischievously while tossing her purple bra at his feet.

Bobby grinned, his smile running from ear to ear. His cock jutted upward and looked like it was about to explode.

She saw the reflecting sheen of pre-cum that trailed from his head down the long shaft and between his two bulbous testicles.

"I love," he answered. "You're so hot Mistress!"

"Do you want to do the honors?" she asked gently tugging at the band of her panties.

Bobby licked his lips while gawking at Mistress standing a mere six feet away. She stood looking sumptuous with both hands now on her hips. The picture of her reminded her of the old Wonder Woman TV show. That pose was one Lynda Carter assumed weekly and as hot as he thought Lynda was when he was a kid, she was nothing compared to what he saw now. Mistress was beyond luscious. She was mouthwatering delicious – and her breasts weren't hidden in the least. God she was gorgeous!

"If you will let me," he finally replied.

"Then come." He stood but she held up her palm freezing him. "On your knees," she commanded pointing to the decking.

Bobby smiled, moved to all fours and closed the gap.

"With your teeth," she ordered with a waggish smile.

"Yes my Mistress." He bowed low as if to pay homage to the goddess before him. He was basking in her childish Domme play.

When the panties had made their way down her supple legs and on past her painted toenails, Mistress grabbed them from between his teeth and tossed them aside. Bobby couldn't miss the two manicured index fingers pointing to her bud.

"Lick me first and then I'll enjoy having you inside me." She watched his expression change from play to work. It was a look she had seen hundreds of time now. The big-boy grin faded and his mind retooled and came to her flower with the intent of uniting with her emotions and bringing her to a climax she'd not soon forget. As was his routine, he took his time. Bobby started his worship somewhere in the middle of the deck. Some minutes later he guided her back against the wall of the house. Only when he brought her minutely close to an explosive detonation did he place her legs over his shoulders. Standing easily and lifting her as he did he continued his ministrations for many minutes more with Mistress both giggling and gasping at his acrobatics. Finally he placed her gently on the side of the Jacuzzi, knelt and brought her to a culminating climax. Deb shamelessly cried out while nearly ripping his hair from his scalp as she pulled him painfully tight between her legs.

When she had finally calmed Bobby stood and gathered her into his loving arms. Her skin glistened with sweat. Her body felt limp with exhaustion but so precious in his grasp. He carried her inside, laying her on her bed and held her. She wrapped one leg over him and rested her head on in the muscular space between his shoulder and chest. Deb kissed him often and told him how much she loved feeling his loving care and devotion.

An hour later she mounted him. She had fallen asleep but now was ready to play. Mistress rode him to five ecstatic waves of explosion and then collapsed on him. She let his cock stay inside and felt it twitch while remaining hard inside her soaking pussy.

"I love pleasing you with my body," he whispered. While he spoke he traced circuitous lines lightly over her back and rump.

Deb moaned a contented sigh and squeezed his manhood. Her vagina contracted tightly around his swollen penis.

"I love you," he said once more.

After several quiet minutes of cuddling and touching with her still mounted Bobby asked, "Mistress, may I cum in your mouth so we share my seed?"

Deb popped her head up almost too quickly. "You want to eat your cum?"

Bobby blushed, feeling as if her directness was a bit too boldly stated. Timidly he replied, "Yes Mistress."

"Mmmm," her response sounded agreeable, raising his hopes. "You really want to don't you?"

"Yes Mistress." He felt his face redden.

"What if I don't want to give you a blow job?"

"Then I guess we won't."

"But you want to. Don't you?"

"It was just a suggestion," he countered.

Deb moved her hips up and down checking to see if he was fully aroused. He was. "I have an idea. Let's try something and have some fun. Are you game?"

"If you are."

"Good. Let's do this."

She slid down between his legs and let his cock slide out. Then to his surprise she flexed his legs at both the hip and knee making them curl up. Then Deb pushed his meaty butt with all her might and lifted his ass up until only his head and neck rested awkwardly on the bed. Deb supported him with her body and couldn't stop giggling. She aimed his cock until it pointed directly at Bobby's face.

"Now stroke yourself and cum for me." She giggled.

"I don't know that I can in this position."

"Slave, I didn't give you a choice. I told you to cum so do it and do it fast. You're heavy."

Bobby started yanking on his schlong while Mistress played with his balls and ass. Soon he felt that feeling and knew his body was readying itself. "I'm getting close Mistress."

Deb watched his balls tighten. "Don't hold back, just cum and open real wide for me baby," She suppressed another giggle just as a gush of white cream hit his upper lip, nose and cheek.

"Oh yes, baby, I love it."

Bobby redirected his missile just prior to the next blast. It nearly filled his mouth with cream it was so prodigious. Deb roughly kissed and licked his testicles and watched as another and then another stream of nectar exploded. Deb cheered and gleefully encouraged him to do it again and again. Bobby gulped all he could but he simply couldn't swallow fast enough to prevent a healthy amount from running down both cheeks. When he had fired some eight or nine times she dropped him and let his body come crashing down on the bed. She jumped on top and returned to kissing him, this time tasting the remnants of his seed. Running fingers toward his mouth she pushed what remained back inside and then made out with him some more.

"Now that was hot, slave. That was really hot watching you do that to yourself!"

"You think so?" He asked resignedly.

"Oh yea. No body cums like my man cums," she said proudly.

"Only because you made me this way."

"That's right. Indeed I did and love watching you when you ejaculate. You're so sexy when you do."

"Are you glad I'm so," he paused searching for the right word, "big?"

Without hesitating she answered, "Oh yes baby. Oh yes, and don't you ever forget it! You are beautiful – perfect, in fact!"

"Then I'm glad." He licked his lips and swallowed. He knew she loved his genitals and for 99 percent of the time so did he. In fact he was proud of how manly he now looked. He had always been significantly above average in length but now that he was almost twice as thick and had such huge balls he almost couldn't help but feel proud of what he had become caretaker of. Indeed caretaker signified what he was to his cock. It belonged to her; they were hers; hers to enjoy; hers to do with as she wished. It was just that sometimes he wondered if he was a little bit too big and it was at those times when he needed to hear her reassuring words.

"There's a lot more in there if you want to empty me further."

"Not tonight sweetheart. How about you clean yourself up and change pillow cases. I need to get my rest and it's getting late. Now go."

They woke before dawn the following morning. Bobby fixed her breakfast and stowed her luggage in the trunk while she readied herself. By the time the eastern sky brightened in signaling the start of cloudless day, Mistress had departed. Bobby began his own countdown in anxious wait for her return.

"Only sixty two more hours," he muttered. "Sixty two to go."

...

The hardest part of the countdown had to do with being isolated. Mistress only had one phone and that cell was in Arizona with her, not in Texas. They never communicated when she ventured off to one of these weekend or weeklong professional seminars. They didn't talk because they couldn't. Every avenue of communication that existed lay in her locked office. Mistress had a preoccupation with security, at least in Bobby's eyes and at these times he desperately wished she wasn't.

The feeling of being alone was something with which he struggled. It wasn't that Mistress Sharon hadn't ever left him alone. She often kept him out in the cage or strung up in the basement for days at a time yet he knew she was near, or soon to be near. He could hear the sounds life nearby. Being alone here was different. His relationship with Sharon's sister was structured completely different. He was in love with Miss Deb. Mistress wasn't into whips and cable restraints and various forms of torture the way her twin had been. As a result he longed for her all the more. Yet he couldn't even send her an E-card for god sake!

Having lived for nearly two years as a slave his mind now dwelt on nothing but service and when he couldn't do that singular task, his heart ached in ways that were difficult to describe. The weekend would be a solitary one with the exception of the hour or so when the girls dropped by to work-out. Until they came and for the two days following he'd do nothing but work through her long list of 'to-do' items, a list he'd most certainly never complete. Maybe that was her wish; that he'd be busy completing tasks rather than sulking over her absence.

Getting back to work hand polishing the wood floors, he counted the hours until lunch and then the time until the girls showed. At precisely 2:30 he heard the bell ring. He hurried to the door, greeting the three striking women warmly. Each kissed him affectionately on the cheek and entered, Jenny and Tyaja taking the liberty to squeeze his balls and cock, and bringing a broad smile to Bobby.

When Lisa asked about Deb and learned she'd be back on Sunday.

"She's at an investment banking conference."

Lisa gave her an odd look.

"She didn't tell you?" He asked feeling equally taken aback.

"No she didn't," answered Lisa.

"That's odd. I'm sure she must have assumed she had," Bobby answered while handing Jenny a glass of water with a slice of lemon. "She wrote you on my list indicating you'd be here this afternoon. It's not like she hadn't thought of you being here."

"That is odd. Maybe it was an oversight," Jenny agreed.

Ty only smiled weakly at Jenny's comment. "Come here Bobby."

Bobby crossed the room and stood before her.

"You know, it is such a shame we all can't enjoy this part of you." She reached out and ran the flat of her hand along the underside of his shaft until coming to his massive balls. Holding onto one, she watched, almost in fascination, as his cock swelled.

"Don't you love watching how a guy's cock grows?" Jenny asked. "I know I do." She watched, captivated at the semi limp form fill with blood, and as it did, morph from a harmless tube of tissue to an impressive stalk that none of them could encircle with one hand.

Ty squeezed him. "You have one impressive rod Bobby boy."

"Thank you," he said softly wondering where this was all going.

Ty leaned forward and puckered but Bobby stepped back, releasing her hand as he did. "I'm sorry Mistress Ty but I have strict orders I must follow."

Tyaja smiled. "I know you do but you must admit you have one inviting set of tools any girl would love to enjoy."

"He does," Jenny agreed, "but we need to respect Deb's wishes you horny bitch." She laughed causing Tyaja to smirk a devilish smile.

"Should we go workout Miss Lisa?" Jenny inquired.

"We need to at some point. How about it girl?" she said turning to the dark beauty.

"I'll join you in a bit but first I need to get energized. Think you can help me in that area, slave?"

"Yes Ma'am." Bobby bowed his head. His words came out anything but enthusiastic. He knew exactly to what she was alluding.

"I know. I know," Ty chirped, "but a deals a deal. Just be thankful you don't have to watch me humiliate your Mistress any longer." She stared up at him, her eyes seeming to bore into his thoughts.

"Instead, you get to eat me and today. I'm not even going to make you do it in front of the girls. It will be a private session; just you and me." She forced a smirk. "Now let's go."

Standing she pointed him in the direction of the stairs. A minute later, after locking the bedroom door she undressed. Bobby obediently knelt and watched her disrobe.

"What?" she asked.

He looked at her curiously but saying nothing.

"What are you thinking? I can tell you want to say something."

Bobby shook his head frowning.

"Speak slave!" Her tone suddenly sounding more direct and somewhat irritated.

"I don't get you. I really don't."

"Where did that come from?" she asked defensively.

Bobby raised his arms with his palms up in exasperation. "Why am I here? Why are you doing this?" He asked with emotion.

Tyaja ran her hand softly over the puffy lips of her pussy and answered him coolly. "Because I want you to make me feel good. Why else would you be here?"

"That's not what I mean and you know it. Why am I even here at all? Why are you doing this to Mistress when you say she's one of your best friends? You could get anyone to lick you at any time, any day, any night – and you know it. Why force this thing on her, and now on me?"

"I know I could, but like I said upstairs, a deals a deal."

"And the deal lasts this long?" he paused waiting but she said nothing. "More than ten years long?" Still she remained quiet. "That's just wrong Ty." He shook his head menacingly. "Friends don't do that to friends. They just don't."

"I do."

"Ty, stop with the attitude. I might be Deb's slave but it's not like I can't see there's something wrong with this picture. We all know this has gone way too far. Making her lick you once, twice, maybe for a month or two I can see but for over ten years? Doesn't that sound as perverted to you as it does to me and I'd dare say to Lisa and Jenny?"

Ty stared back from her seat on the edge of the bed. For years, Deb had refused to challenge her on this issue; nor had Lisa or Jenny. But the day had finally come when someone finally decided to stand up for little old Debbie. She could hardly believe it would be her prick of a slave but then again it only made sense. He belonged to her. She wanted to tell him to shut the hell up and point to her pussy but she didn't, and wasn't quite sure why.

Bobby went on. "You need to delete whatever pictures you have of her and remove them from where ever you are storing them. Holding this threat over her isn't going to work out in your favor in the long term. Do you know what's going to happen eventually? It's going to ruin your relationship."

"Deb and I are the best of friends," she countered.

"Are you? Really? You can't be serious," he said mockingly.

"I am serious. I'm dead serious."

"And you don't think that by making her lick you almost every time you're together for the past umpteen years haven't negatively affected your friendship? You really believe she confides her most pressing matters with a woman that continually blackmails her? Do you really think she confides and trusts you more than she does Lisa or Jenny or some of her other friends?"

Tyaja pressed her lips tight until they formed a thin straight line. She didn't need to hear this shit from him. She knew Deb had changed a legal document some months ago, omitting her name from it. That hadn't sat well at all. She didn't even know whose name had replaced hers but did recall ramping up the time Debra spent between her legs because of her decision. She glared at down at him, the lower half of her body naked and perfect. "Why are you so damn concerned?"

"Because I can see the hurt it has caused Mistress and I know in the end this little game of yours is going to hurt both of you. What I don't get is why you just don't get some guy to lick you? God, Ty, you are incredibly beautiful you could have them lining up for miles just waiting to please you however you want."

"Who says I don't?"

"I sure hope not because if you did it demonstrates just how vile you really are."

"Enough slave!" She shouted. "Lick my pussy and lick it right!"

"I'll lick you and I'll make you cum. I'll keep my end of the bargain but you needed to hear the truth once and for all. And, just so you know, she will never ever lick you again. I might have to but you'll never make her."

It was Bobby whose stare now penetrated her thoughts. Their conversation had been so uncharacteristic. Bobby never talked to a woman like this but she needed to hear what he had to say. This was a 'friend' using his Mistress and in his mind this 'friend' had gone way too far and needed to be told. He knew he was right. God, everyone in the know knew he was right and he was pretty certain she knew as well.

He added, "I can see by the look in your eyes you know what you've done is wrong and needs to stop. I'm right, aren't I?" He nodded his head in affirmation.

"Lie down and shut up!"

He did and seconds later she plunged her groin hard over his mouth, letting the full weight of her body fall onto his face and silencing him once and for all. Only then did she feel his tongue probing and then lapping away like some insecure puppy. Closing her eyes she pushed their conversation aside and focused on his mouth expertly priming her body. Yet his words, mingled with visions of Deb lying exactly where Bobby was now kept returning to mind. He had verbalized what she knew all along. Indeed it was wrong to keep up with the threat but she didn't want to stop. She loved seeing her kneeling like some third world slave feeding, licking, and humiliating herself while she paid homage to one more beautiful than she. Watching her eat her pussy was so satisfying on so many levels. She had no intention of ever stopping and even though she couldn't get Deb back between her thighs having him here was almost better. She regretted ever making the deal to have him instead of her. Still, she thought Deb would always know she wasn't the sole owner of her slave. Sooner or later she'd find a way to fuck him and really put the screws to them both. It was just a matter of time and she had all the time in the world.

For as satisfying as it was to know he'd serve her, there was an equally strong feeling of emptiness. Bobby was right. She could get anyone and indeed she had. What she longed for was to find a man that challenged and loved and cared for her like this prick did Debra. She had failed to find that special one despite her beauty and fame as a vocalist. Maybe it was all of those feelings. Maybe it was her inability to concentrate. Maybe it was the comprehension that making Deb, and now him eat her really was wrong. Whatever the emotion, albeit her guilt, her emptiness or some insecurity it undermined her current enjoyment of having him feed from her sex. Something didn't feel right. He didn't feel right and for whatever reason she had no desire for him to make her cum. His tongue felt progressively more irritating. This wasn't what she wanted. Damn him!

Standing suddenly she looked down. "Get out of here. Go upstairs and do whatever it is you need to do for your mistress."

Bobby looked up, at first surprised at her words but upon realization of what she must be thinking rose while trying his best to suppress any hint of a smile. "Whatever you say."

He quickly got up and left wiping the juice off his mouth with his forearm.

"Go fuck yourself," she screamed loud enough for him to hear. "Damn you for bringing this up Bobby!"

Bobby smiled but knew better than to backtrack and confront her further. Instead he headed for the stairs while his thick cock bouncing freely and happily before him.

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 09
byKatiekatsman©

The girls left an hour or so later and Bobby occupied himself for the remainder of the weekend. When Sunday afternoon finally arrived he pulled two thick filets from the freezer and then scouted the refrigerator and pantry making certain he could pull together Deb's favorite steak meal for dinner that evening. Mistress was a connoisseur when it came to a great steak and she had handpicked every one they ever purchased. Mostly she left food shopping to him but not when it came to choosing a piece of red meat.

Bobby decided to take an hour or so to relax He flipped on a ballgame to pass the remaining time. Inside he felt like a little boy on Christmas Eve. It felt as if time couldn't pass fast enough. Suppressing rumbles of excitement he fantasized about the evening to come. What would she want? How would she fuck him? How long? How hard? How many times would she cum? How about him? Would he cum too and if so might they share his cream? Stroking his cock unconsciously he smiled, then hustled down to the bedroom night stand and popped one of the blue pills into his mouth. Bobby knew Mistress loved coming home and seeing him excited, not that he needed the blue pill to make that any more evident but there was no harm in making his emotions all but obnoxiously obvious. He quietly chuckled.

When 8 PM arrived and she hadn't shown he started pacing. When 10 PM passed and she hadn't arrived he started to worry. By 2 AM he felt a sense of panic and when, after an almost sleepless night and the dawning of a new day he feared the worse.

Bobby checked and rechecked again the written itinerary she had left. She had a 5:10 flight out of Phoenix. Even if that flight had been delayed there was no reason for her to not be here. Even if she missed that flight there had to be at least another two or three flights she could have boarded to get home.

"Oh God," he thought. "Please don't let anything happen to her. Maybe she stayed the night for some reason," he rationalized.

He was comforted somewhat by the thought that maybe she spent the remainder of the weekend with professional friends and stayed another day. But when Monday came and went he knew something terribly wrong had happened. This was simply not Deb. Even though she had no way to contact him she would have overnighted a letter via FedEx or USPS to let him know of her change in plans. She had done that once before. Or she would have called Ty or Lisa, telling them to drop by with her updated itinerary. None of this had happened and he felt completely paralyzed with regard to what he could or should do.

The irony of it all was his commitment, his binding commitment as her slave. He remained in spacious luxury but with absolutely no way to leave the premises. There was no car. The steel rings surrounding his cock limited how far he could roam even outside. He had no cell, no laptop, no iPad, no clothes, no nothing. He was stuck - stuck in a pristine and spacious prison. The irony of it all was how he felt living in such luxury and knowing he was impotent to do anything. Technology was everywhere yet he could access none of it effectively. That reality inevitably brought him to tears. All he wanted was to see Mistress. All he wanted was to know she was OK; that she had an unexpected change of plans and would be home that evening.

"God, help me!" he cried aloud some hours later.

But God didn't help him and Deb didn't come home. No mail service arrived with a note of her whereabouts. Nothing on CNN or the local stations indicated a downed plane or accident. No TV station mentioned her name on the news. There was no knock on the door, no visit from Ty or Lisa or Jenny or a neighbor. Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday passed. It wasn't until Friday afternoon when the girls arrived and were greeted by a panic stricken host that they all started to search.

Phone calls by the women to regional airports, police, news agencies and family were all made and only then did they finally learn that Debra had been in a motor vehicle accident while on her way to the Phoenix airport and now was a patient at Banner Medical Center, a first rate Trauma Center associated with the University of Arizona.

Tyaja called Debra's parents with the updated news and offered to fly out immediately. They made plans to see one another at the hospital at some point within the next day. Lisa and Jenny were determined to go but Tyaja thought it best if they rotated their visits knowing each could only be there for so long due to work responsibilities. Bobby begged to go but everyone knew he couldn't because of the harness binding his cock as well as Deb's wishes that he remain at the house. He had already tried twice to break through the property line barrier earlier this week but the pain when he reached the vicinity of the property line reached a magnitude of unbelievable strength.

During his first run the shock intensity ramped so quickly he had no alternative but to retreat. When he tried again the following day, the current started far above the previous level, just as Debra had informed him it would and left a circular burn that he could still see and feel. There was some memory programmed into the system that increased the charge to a power by a magnitude of 10 with every successive merging of the wire and steel harness. It was on that second attempt when the power of the amperage brought him to a fetal position and then continued to pulsate that he knew he could never leave. His cries for help were unheard and only when he crawled back to safety after sustaining at least 50 jolts of current did the system return to a monitoring mode. Bobby had lain there for a long time, dripping in sweat, and afraid to move for a long time. Eventually he made his way painfully back to the security of her home.

The shock had completely zapped any desire to try again and scared him with such veracity he vowed to never ever approach the limits of where he was permitted to go.

It was then when Lisa pulled up a pdf copy of a document on her cell phone that everyone began to understand the significance of her accident. The document was from Deb and something she had sent Lisa some months ago. Without speaking she handed her phone to Jenny to read. When she was done she passed it on to Ty who read the single page.

"So you're the one!" Tyaja said finally.

Lisa formed a befuddled expression. "Pardon me?"

"Deb gave me that very document last summer and then a few weeks later I was informed my copy had become invalid. I never learned why and she never told me anything more."

"It's not something to get all bent out of shape about," Lisa insisted."This is what she wanted and I'm going to honor her wishes and I hope I can count on your support. I'm going to need it."

Putting aside any turf battles they agreed Deb's request would remain their top priority. The women left an hour later and a few hours after, Jenny returned to fetch Bobby.

"I'm going with you?" Bobby asked puzzled.

"Yes. Deb designated Lisa to serve as your mistress in the event of something like this happening." She handed him a copy of the document.

On this 2nd Day of August, 2015, I Debra Ashby of xxxx Skyline Drive hereby grant Lisa Thompson of Westlake Texas sole and exclusive rights to Robert 'Bobby' Ashby, my personal and bound slave, in the event of my incarceration, death, or compromised mental health that renders me incapable of reasonably caring for both myself and my said property.

Should any of the above occur prior to Said Slaves passing, funds for his care shall be taken from account# xxx of the First Bank of Texas at a rate not to exceed $2000/month. Transactions will only be granted by the First Bank of Texas to Lisa Thompson and only with proper photo identification. The First Bank of Texas has been instructed to set up a transferable withdraw of funds directly into an account of Lisa Thompson's choosing upon presentation of this document and proper identification to a manager of a local branch of the First Bank of Texas.

Said Slave is to become the personal property and slave of Lisa Thompson and is bound by his pledge to me to perform any and all duties per her instruction. Lisa Thompson agrees to assume ownership of Said Slave for a period of no less than Two (2) years, after which she may keep, sell, release or transfer ownership to a woman of her choosing.

Said Slave agrees, per my ownership of him, to abide by the stipulations, regulations, restrictions and duties of this document to its fullest.

Hereby signed this 2nd Day of August 2015

_________________________

Debra M Ashby

__________________________

Lisa A Thompson

__________________________

Bobby Ashby

He noted the signatures of the two women and with a solemn expression handed the notarized paper back to Jenny. "So this is it? I'm hers now? Just like that?"

"I don't make the orders Bobby. I'm just like you. I follow them and these are Deb's wishes. Let's go."

"I can't," he said his expression suddenly becoming fearful.

"Of course you can. You have no choice. Get in the car."

"No, it's not that. It's this," he pointed to the two steel rings.

"Don't worry. You're not going to be harmed." She pointed to the off-white Lexus. "Now hurry and get what essentials you need and let's go."

When he showed up with a small suitcase stuffed full of personal items Jenny tossed him a blanket.

"Wrap this around you. I don't want to get stopped and have some police officer questioning me about why you aren't dressed."

They headed east, driving harmlessly out of the drive and onto the road. Bobby had no idea how she had neutralized the security system but she had and after they were on the road he didn't bother asking. He was thankful it hadn't triggered another painful shock. Leaving home brought tears to his eyes. He was glad for the company but wanted to stay home. He belonged back there and not here with Jenny or with Lisa.

"I can't believe this is happening."

"Neither can any of us Bobby." Jenny said softly. "I'm sure she is in the best of care. All we can do now is pray and hope for her full recovery."

Tears fell again down his cheeks. "I know. I'm scared Jenny. I'm really scared."

She touched his thigh softly. "We're all scared but we also don't know anything about her condition. She may just be in for observation or have a few broken bones. It may not be that serious."

They drove in silence for another ten minutes. Jenny glanced over to see Bobby shaking his head absently. "What's wrong? What are you thinking about?"

He sighed and more tears trickled down his cheeks. "I can't believe my luck. I really can't."

She squeezed his hand. "You're going to be OK."

"A year ago her sister suddenly blew me off after I spent a frigging year with her! Then I got transferred," he made quotation marks with his fingers, "to Deb and now I'm off to Lisa! I'm cursed." He said with his voice rising in frustration and anger.

"You aren't cursed and Lisa is a good Mistress. She is a good person and she'll take good care of you."

"Yea, like she wants someone else in her house. She's already got you." He cracked a sad smile and looked at her. "She doesn't even like guys for god's sake! What's she going to do with me around?"

Jenny forced a smile. "I know she has me but she wouldn't have agreed to sign that document if she didn't want to take you. I don't understand why she signed it but the fact remains, she did."

"I know. It's not her. It's not you either, believe me. I just miss Deb. I love her so much."

"I know you do. It's going to be OK." She chose her words carefully; omitting that Deb would be alright. Like Bobby, she too feared the worse and prayed for the best.

...

When they reached Lisa's place she showed him around the house and where he'd be sleeping. After the quick tour she had Jenny make him a light lunch and gave him space to do as he wished. He realized Lisa understood the stress he was under and agreed to respect that even if he had become her slave. What she hadn't done was give him anything to wear and he wondered why. Was he to really be her sexual slave now? He thought it impossible and it felt awkward for him to walk around in someone else's home without anything on. Jenny too was naked and he couldn't help but feel aroused when seeing her. She had stripped upon entering, hanging up her few articles of clothing in a closet by the door. He wondered if Mistress had gotten that idea from what she knew about the girls' relationship. Jenny's flowing blonde hair, tight curvy body and soft skin made his cock stand straight even though sex was the last thing on his mind. She was beautiful and depressed or not, his body responded to what his eyes perceived.

He saw Jenny and Lisa smirk more than once and together they all laughed when he had yet another arousal for the umpteenth time; it was a group laugh that broke the unspoken tension, although only momentarily.

"I can't help it," he said finally. "I'm a guy. She's beautiful. It's what happens."

"And we're glad it does," Lisa said smiling brightly, her jet-black hair framing her soft features and strikingly blue eyes.

It wasn't until late that evening when Tyaja called. Lisa and Ty talked for some time with Lisa listening mostly and only asking questions every now and then. The tone of the conversation remained subdued and Bobby and Jenny listened on from the other room but were unable to gather much information.

"It's going to be alright," Jenny said giving him a squeeze.

Bobby looked into her caring eyes and hugged her gently, their two naked bodies pressing against one another. "I hope so. I hope you are right." His voice was soft. His words worried. He kissed her absently on the forehead. "Thanks for the hug. I needed one."

"Any time."

When Lisa and Ty were through Lisa gathered the two slaves in the living room. "Sit," she said pointing to the floor in front of the over-stuffed chair.

Bobby followed Jenny's lead, kneeling before yet another gorgeous woman. He placed both hands flat on their thighs matching Jenny's posture to a T. "Gosh, she was so beautiful, not that she was his only focus. He stared into her sapphire eyes feeling immensely sad.

Lisa smiled. "The news is sad but you two look good together. Move closer to one another." They scooted until their thighs and shoulders met.

Lisa went on, "Deb is alive but unconscious. She didn't break a single bone but has a traumatic brain injury."

All three of them welled with emotion and Jenny reached for the tissues, handing a few to Lisa and Bobby before taking some herself.

"On her way to the airport, the taxi she was riding in was broadsided by an SUV that had run a traffic light. The taxi driver and the girl driving the SUV only sustained minor injuries. Deb must have been sitting on the right side of the car, right were the SUV impacted her car."

"Is she going to be OK?" Jenny asked.

"Tyaja is with Deb's parents and they met with the neurologist. From what Ty told me, it's an injury in which they can do nothing right now. She's in an induced coma to make certain her brain is in an ideal state of rest but," she paused, swallowing hard, "Ty said the doctors can only hope she's strong enough to heal herself."

Bobby sobbed quietly, wiping and re-wiping tears that flowed liberally.

Jenny interlaced her fingers in his hand. "She's a strong woman Bobby. She's not one that gives up."

"And she's young and healthy," add Lisa. "She has everything going for her. All we can do is wait and pray."

"This is so hard. Why her? Why did this have to happen to her of all people?"

The women didn't answer and it wasn't like he was asking them to.

"Why was she the only one hurt," he said. "You said the girl only had minor injuries?"

"Yes, just a few cuts from when her airbag deployed. Ty said she had only gotten her license a month ago."

Bobby sighed deeply, "Oh damn it! Sixteen and driving in a city for god's sake. What parent would let their kid do that?"

Lisa continued to fill-in the two slaves with what other news Ty shared. Mostly she talked about the hospital, its location, the quality of care and specifics about some of the doctors and nurses overseeing Deb's needs. After several bouts of tears and lots of crying Lisa changed the subject and addressed her new addition.

"Bobby, did Jenny give you the signed copy of the document your Mistress drew up?"

"Yes Ma'am, I did."

And did you see that it was me who agreed to assume care of you should something of this nature arise?"

"I did."

"You've fully and carefully read it in its entirety?"

"Yes Ma'am."

Lisa produced the original, the one signed in black ink by both Mistress and Lisa. She handed it to Bobby along with a black ink pen.

"Sign it," she said deadpan.

Bobby looked at her with a confused expression.

"By signing you are stating your agreement and the understanding of your Mistress's wishes as well as agreeing to obey me as your new owner - at least for the time being."

"OK." He muttered. "What you're telling me is I don't really have a choice now do I?"

"Not really, but apparently Deb wanted you to sign. If she didn't she wouldn't have added your name to the document. And besides, I would think you'd be quite grateful to have me take you given the circumstances."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way. I really am glad to be here. More than you know." He looked at her meekly. "I mean that. Thank you."

Lisa smiled sweetly, her eyes moving from Bobby to Jenny and back. "I knew when Deb came to me with the draft that if the time ever came where I had to assume responsibility it would be under sad circumstances such as this. I thought about her offer for at least a week before agreeing to her terms so I knew what I was potentially getting myself into. And as I thought then, this is indeed this is a sad time. I want you to know that Jenny and I are hurting just as much as you. We've know her for years. She is a dear friend and one we both love."

Bobby nodded sadly, "I know you do and I'm sorry for making this seem all about me. I appreciate you tolerating my moodiness. Forgive me for not considering your grief. I'm sure you have a hole in our heart as well." He looked first at Jenny and then at Lisa. "Why did you say yes? I mean, it's not like I'm your type."

Lisa smiled. "I know Deb had asked Ty initially but then changed her mind feeing I was a better fit, given your personality. I don't know why she made that choice and I never asked. I knew she had very few options beside me and although she never pressured me she did say she had a desire to keep you amongst her friends if at all possible. It wasn't like she knew of another mistress besides me so given her options, she had but two choices."

"During one of our discussions about you she said she was exploring the possibility of transferring you to a mistress back in Tennessee if I couldn't help. I know she was in contact with her sister but I don't believe she had any intention of having her become your guardian even if you went back east. I do know her sister mentioned she had little doubt she could place you in a home with a mistress."

"I'm glad you said yes," he said ever so gratefully after hearing of the possible Tennessee move. The mistresses living in that part of the country who were under Mariko's influence were of a different breed. Pain, rather than love was too often their mantra. For as much as he loved Mistress Sharon, she was now a distant memory and he had no desire to ever return to that past life.

Lisa continued, "What I had to wrestle with Bobby, was the dynamics of adding a second slave. I already have Jenny." She leaned forward to caress her cheek. "Like you, she runs my home and helps me with my business."

"That kind of makes me a third wheel then," he said softly.

She grinned. "Kind of. And then there is my lesbian life. I don't prefer men, not sexually at least. Jenny is all I want and need, even with that big cock of yours as a selling point." Her smile reached her eyes but she remained serious. "If you end up being with us for the full two years, I want you to know now I will do everything in my power to find you a perfect home where you can live happily. But for now, that isn't even a consideration. Two years is a lifetime away. For now I've decided to put you under Jenny's care. She of course will continue to report directly to me but you are to obey her. I have enough on my plate already and don't need another slave. Now I may order you around from time to time but for the most part, Jenny will be the one who will formulate a plan and seamlessly bring you into our household."

Bobby was now looking from one woman to the other and realizing the news was just as new to Jenny as it was to him although she appeared quite pleased. Her grip on his hand tightened.

"I'll do my best to fit in Lisa."

"I'd appreciate you calling me Mistress or Mistress Lisa. You may only be here for a week or so but then again." She didn't finish the sentence and didn't need to. Everyone understood his stay most likely would last a good bit longer than a few weeks.

"Yes Mistress. It's just awkward to call you that. I won't make the mistake again." He looked at Jenny. "What do I call you?"

Lisa answered for her. "I want you to call her Miss Jenny."

"Miss Jenny it is then."

"I'm going to bed. I'll leave the two of you alone to talk and sort things out as Jenny sees fit."

She rose and when she did, Jenny bent forward and kissed the foot of her mistress. Lisa waited and only then did Bobby realize she was waiting for him. He paid his homage and a moment later she was gone

"Whenever she tells us to sit, this is how she wants us." Jenny mimicked the position they had been in."And I guess we are to kneel shoulder to shoulder like we are now. And whenever she leaves, you must kiss her feet. Don't keep her waiting like you did tonight."

"Anything else I need to know?"

"Not really. Just do what I do. The important thing is to never challenge her but you know that already."

Bobby nodded.

"And whenever she says something like 'sit' or 'come here' or 'listen' or 'I need to tell you something' or some other directive where she wants to communicate information you are to kneel and focus."

"OK. Seems easy enough. What about you? What do you want?"

"I don't know. I need to think about it. I didn't expect to be in this position but it only makes sense now that she made this decision."

Bobby cocked his head to one side. "Why is that?"

"Because Mistress doesn't prefer men."

"And you do?"

"I prefer men and women," she said, a pleasant smile forming on her pretty face." She watched his cock twitch and rise yet again. Jenny giggled and gave it a squeeze. "This thing really does reveal your thoughts about how much you like me, doesn't it?"

Bobby laughed. It felt good to laugh. His heart had been so heavy for so many days and although a burdensome weight permeated every part of his life he was glad to be with Jenny. "I guess it does," he answered.

"Well I'll take your response as a compliment then." She walked into the kitchen. "Clean up this stuff for me and put everything away. When you're through, shut the lights out and meet me in my bedroom."

"Yes Miss Jenny."

She left smiling and suddenly feeling quite spry at having him nearby.

Bobby worked while considering all he knew about Mistress. The news of her condition was almost worse than not knowing and he couldn't help but cry silently. Finishing the few dishes he wiped the counters, tidied the room and hung the dish towel over the oven handle to dry. Making a final scan of the various rooms he turned off lights and found Jenny at the sink brushing her teeth.

She saw the dried tear stains below his eyes and her heart went out to him. She had already made up her mind some minutes previous but seeing him now confirmed her decision.

"I want you to sleep in here tonight."

Bobby stiffened.

"It's not what you think. No sex. Nothing like that. I don't want you sleeping alone. You've been alone enough these past days. I want to keep you company, Bobby," she turned and came within a step of him. "Unless you want to be alone. I'll let you choose tonight."

He thought for a bit. "Thanks for the offer. I'm tired of being alone, Jenny."

"I thought you might be. Here," she stepped aside, "the bathroom is yours."

Bobby lifted the sheet and climbed in bed next to her. Sleeping with her was both welcome and worrisome. He didn't want to be isolated. He welcomed human contact and she had judged him correctly in that regard but he didn't know if sleeping with Jenny was the ideal solution either. Lying in the same bed was ok - maybe. However he didn't want to do more. He was in no mood to do more. Yet from all he knew, he'd be with Jenny for a significant time - possibly forever! That thought terrified him, not because she was someone who he wouldn't serve but because of what it meant for Mistress Deb.

His head was a confusing mush of emotions, thoughts and feelings.

"Hold me," she said lying on one side and facing away. She reached behind, pulling at one thigh.

When she felt his arm slip under her neck and his body draw close behind she smiled in the blackness. His cock pressed uncomfortably against her sacrum and she reached behind pulling at the hard pipe until it nestled between her legs.

"That's better. Are you comfortable?"

"Yes Miss Jenny. Thank you."

She found his other hand, the one resting on her hip and pulled it to her chest. "Hold me."

His hand closed around her ample breast. Jenny felt his cock pulsing and it momentarily stirred something she hadn't felt in some while. Bobby opened and closed his hand several times, seeming to explore the firm mound so unfamiliar.

Jenny knew she wasn't in the same league as Deb but Lisa had often reminded her she wasn't out of it either. She was a beautiful girl. Her body although a few inches shorter than the others, was equally luring. Her facial features were just as pretty and she had the most caring eyes and fullest lips. She wondered what Bobby was thinking. Jenny hoped he was pleased at the feel of her pressed so tight against him. "Hopefully," she thought, "he would be able to forget about Deb tonight and the associated stress and rest peacefully for once."

"I'm really worried Miss Jenny," his whispered words breaking the room's silence.

"I am too."

"Do you think she'll be OK?"

"I want to say yes but I don't know. That's what makes things so frightening."

She rolled over and faced him, then placed a soft kiss on his forehead.

"I'm sure she has great doctors looking after her though."

"I hope so."

"She's in a big city Bobby and that means there are good doctors. And remember, she's in a Level 1 trauma center." Jenny stroked his cheek and wiped at the corner of one eye with a thumb. "Try not to worry."

"I'm trying but it doesn't seem to be working too well."

"At least you're not alone." She stroked his cheek. "I think it must have been awful to be by yourself in that big house and have to deal with all the uncertainty of her absence."

"It was horrible."

"And I think it would be just as bad to send you back there now, knowing what you do."

"I think so too. It was agonizing to be there all week but knowing seems even harder." He was silent for some bit. "Thank you for letting sleep here. I appreciate this. It's good to be around people again."

She smiled, her perfect teeth penetrating the darkness. "If you're good, maybe I'll let you stay tomorrow too." Her hands stroked his body. "Is this OK?"

"It feels good."

"Then I will touch you."

They remained quiet for a few minutes. Only Jenny's hands moved, mostly touching but also exploring. Her long fingernails scratched his scalp and back. Her soft fingertips squeezed tense neck muscles. Small hands caressed the bulky musculature of his shoulders, arms and flank.

"I'm glad I'm not with Tyaja," he whispered.

"Me too."

"She's not the friend to Deb she thinks she is."

"I know," her hands slid continuously over his body. Reaching down she fondled his cock, amazed once more at it's thickness. "Do you regret being here with Lisa and me?"

"I don't know that regret is a word I'd use."

"What word would you use?"

"Oh I don't know. I like you two. I've always felt comfortable around you both."

"Why's that?" Her hand cupped and explored one lemon sized ball.

"Because you're gentle like Deb. Ty's more of an out of control lion."

"What are we, puppy dogs?" She giggled playfully.

"Koala Bears," he shot back.

"I never thought of myself as a Koala Bear my slave." She giggled quietly.

"Maybe not. It's hard to equate you with an animal. You two are both really nice people and good friends."

"I'll take that as a compliment."

"I meant it as such."

"I think I am going to call you Slave," she said changing the subject." Will that be OK?"

"It's what I am, isn't it?"

"True." She nuzzled in and kissed him softly on the lips her lips holding his a moment longer than expected.

"Are you going to be a good Mistress while I'm with you?"

"I don't see why not. As long as you do what I ask."

"That sound fair enough."

"Slave, you know it's not about being fair."

"Yea, but you know what I meant."

"I do. And thanks." He reached out as if to hug her but stopped short.

"Jenny caught the attempt. "What was that about Slave?"

"I - I was going to hug you but then realized it wasn't appropriate."

"It is if I say it is." She stroked his cheek and kissed him. "Hug me slave."

Bobby drew her small frame into his, enveloping her fully.

"Put your cock between my legs. It's poking me."

He did and she felt his hand brush against her smooth pussy. When Jenny sighed he stroked it several times, almost out of habit, slipping one finger between the soft puffy folds and feeling her wetness.

"That feels good Slave but I'm tired. Just hold me tonight even if I roll away. I want you close. It will be good for you too."

"Yes Miss Jenny. Thank you for being so kind."

"Any time Slave." She kissed him this time pressing her lips tightly against his. He pulled her in encircling her small form inside his muscular arms. Jenny took the opportunity to explore him with her tongue and as expected he yielded, like the trained slave he was, he let her assume the dominant role. As their embrace lingered and his hands explored the new body pressed against his, his cock swelled still trapped between her legs. Jenny rocked her pelvis over the hardened pole letting its girth rub against her sensitive bud. Soon she had found a rhythm and let forth whimpers of delight that reflected her degree of excitement.

"Cum Miss Jenny, cum." Bobby urged.

His words were enough to take her over the edge and she came in a shudder of joy that lasted for almost half a minute. Slowly she quieted; her compact body relaxing within his. She said no more and within another few minutes had fallen into a restful slumber.

Bobby lay awake for some time holding his new mistress. She felt different and indeed she was different. The love of his life, the woman he was engaged to be married, lay in a hospital bed in a battle between life and death while he had been shipped off to serve yet still another woman. It seemed as if the past two years had flipped every value and moral to which he had ever professed upside down. Two years ago he thought he'd live the remainder of his life as a bachelor. He thought he'd live hanging out with his hometown buddies drinking and telling jokes about blondes and babes and gawking at their bodies. He thought he'd become wealthy as an educational consultant, make a name for himself and earn a six figure income.

Never in a million years would he have believed he'd serve women and think life's highest virtues would be to respect, honor, adore and please this most beautiful gender and yet he had. Mariko had seen the true him, the submissive him, the man inside the shell of a man, and taken advantage of a few blunders, leveraging them to her advantage while bending him to her will. In hindsight she most likely used that leverage to enable him to see who he really was - a submissive man; a man who belonged on his knees before and below the feminine. After handing him off to Sharon who fully broke and later trained him, he became Debra's property and now, today, tonight in fact, he belonged to Miss Jenny. He had even signed an agreement stating his intentions. But, he had to admit, she did feel good. She had a meekness about her that attracted him. Maybe it wasn't how mild-mannered she was but rather that she was not into whips and belts that drew him. Her gentleness was even milder than Mistress Deb's. Her body felt even lighter - smaller - more petite - and he had always loved the feel of a small woman with ample breasts, a shaved pussy and a pretty face.

"Would he now serve her? Would Mistress Deb survive and if she did, would she be anything like the treasured woman he fell so deeply in love? How would Miss Jenny treat him if he only had to stay with her for a week or two? What would she be like? How easy would it be to serve her? How sexual would their relationship become? What did she expect? What if his stay lasted months, would he fall for Miss Jenny?"

His mind examined a hundred questions and came up with almost no answers. As he lay softly caressing the sleeping blonde he didn't' feel guilty for lying with her. His love and his heart belonged only to Mistress. Jenny only invited him into her chamber to ease his pain and quiet his soul. Yes she had experienced an orgasm by way of his penis and indeed he considered her beautiful but that didn't mean she had taken his heart. She'd never take that. Not for as long as Mistress Deb lived.

At some point that night he too slept although when he woke it felt as if he had been awake all night. He didn't feel at all refreshed when Miss Jenny's alarm buzzed all too early.

"Get up and make Mistress a breakfast of oatmeal, yogurt, and orange juice," she said sleepily.

Bobby rose, with Miss Jenny's foot pushing at his back making sure he got up. After showering and shaving he quietly made his way through the bedroom. Just before he opened the door to leave Jenny called.

"Slave?"

"Yes Miss Jenny."

She rolled onto her back and kicked off the sheet. "Kiss my pussy."

Bobby came to the bed, knelt and planted a soft kiss on her sleeping nub.

"I want you to do that every morning. I just decided. Now go." She pulled the cover back over and reassumed a fetal position.

"Yes Miss Jenny, as you wish."

Jenny smiled. She could now identify with the feelings her own Mistress had toward her every morning. "I'm so glad I don't have to get up," she thought and closed her eyes.

After preparing breakfast for both of his new owners he waited patiently for them to finish while standing just outside the kitchen. Jenny ate in a flash while Lisa lingered. When she finished, she headed upstairs and soon after Jenny reappeared with a long list in hand.

"Do your best Slave to get through as much as you can." She gave him the sheet of paper. "Mistress and I will be back at some point."

She grinned and graciously kissed him letting her soft lips tarry long enough to let him know she cared. When she had gone he made himself a pot of coffee and unfolded the paper. Jenny had a flowing script and one rarely seen in today's keyboard driven society where cursive writing is practiced little and almost never emphasized.

Mow lawn (mowers in garage)

Weed flower gardens

Spread fertilizer (it's in the garage)

Trim grass along walkway and driveway (edger in garage)

Paint wood trim (paint in basement)

Clean gutters

Trim hedges

Prune trees

Power wash house (in garage)

Sweep basement

Organize attic

Organize basement

Dust house

Touch up walls as needed (tell me what paint to get you)

Bobby exhaled with a puff and smiled. He could tell by the items listed they needed a man around here and wondered how they had handled such chores in the past; most likely hiring out as concerns arose. Starting with his own mess, he cleaned up what little needed attention in the kitchen. Like Deb's home, Lisa's was equally immaculate.

"Be back this afternoon. Have dinner ready for us at six," Jenny yelled. Before he could answer he heard the door thud shut.

He had to admit she was an interesting woman: bisexual, submissive, beautiful, intelligent and now serving a duel role as both slave and mistress. What interested him was how Mistress Lisa was handling his arrival. She had spoken to him only to inform him of Deb's status and enlighten Jenny to her new role but that was about it. He got the sense she wanted to keep their relationship business like, which surprised him given how cordial and open she'd been whenever they were together. This morning while eating breakfast she said little and he gathered she wanted their interaction to remain somewhat limited. It was why he felt obliged to step out of the kitchen. Although not certain, he assumed she was giving Jen room enough to assert herself without her intrusion. He might be mistaken but all signs pointed in that direction.

Dressing for a day of yard work he decided the grass would be the first on his list to knock off; all four acres of it, complete with myriad gardens, a koy-pond, and ornamental trees galore. Lisa's spread was like most all of her neighbors' yards - spacious and immaculately cared. While mowing he noticed the yard adjacent to hers even had two putting greens and several sand traps. The owner must have been a golf enthusiast he mused while cruising on the riding mower. After mowing, edging, blowing and wiping down the power equipment he attacked the gardens and baked in the pre-summer heat for several more hours before getting the beds up to par.

He called it a day a little after four and having finished most of the easier and less time consuming outside jobs. By the time he had showered the women returned.

"Hi Bobby," Lisa said brightly. "Get much done? The yard looks great!"

He greeted them from the kitchen doorway, watching Miss Jenny undressing by the front door closet and watched her intently while answering Mistress Lisa. "Actually I did but it's going to take awhile to do everything on Miss Jenny's list."

She laughed. "Jenny told me some of what was on there. Don't feel like you need to do it all in a few days. Just keep plugging away at it as she time allows."

"Yes Mistress. That's good to know."

Over dinner Lisa informed him that Ty had called. She learned the doctors were planning to keep Deb in the induced coma for another week. IV lines would provide her with needed nourishment and constant PT would keep her muscles and joints from losing motion. Deb's parents had learned of an internationally respected neurologist who practiced at the hospital. Over lunch and over their pleas for help, he agreed to join the medical team caring for Deb. He was in agreement with the medical plan currently in place and took the time to speak at length with the Ashby's and Tyaja cautioning them there were no guaranteed outcomes with injuries of her nature. He encouraged them strongly to go home and rest while the nurses and doctors took care of her during the imposed coma and recommended they save their energy for when she did wake - if she woke.

"Ty is flying in later tonight and the Ashby's will be heading home tomorrow morning," Lisa said.

"It sounds like we're all forced to live in limbo, not knowing how she's really doing then," commented Bobby.

"I think so," Jenny said. "Keeping you busy will be a good thing. I gave you a long list because I hope it helps to pass the time more quickly."

"It's not going to hurt to help a little while I'm here," he agreed, "But I can't wait for Mistress to wake."

Lisa smiled and then looked at Jenny. "Hopefully your stay will be a temporary one. I also hope Miss Jenny will make it a positive one for as long as you are here."

"She's a good Mistress, if that's what you trying to glean."

"If I wanted to know Bobby, I would have asked. I'm sure you are in capable hands. If I didn't think she could handle you effectively I wouldn't have told her to do this."

"I didn't mean to question you Mistress Lisa." His statement sounded so awkward coming from him.

"No offense taken Bobby, I'm just not usually questioned by naked men; that's all." Her bright eyes sparkled mysteriously.

God she was sexy. He thought what a waste on mankind to have her only be attracted to women. But then, I guess Jenny was the benefactor of her lifestyle choices.

Jenny stood. "Mistress, will you want my services any time soon?"

"No Jenny, maybe later but not now."

"Great." She turned to Bobby. "When you are through, come to the bedroom."

"Yes Miss Jenny. I'll only another minute or two"

"The sooner the better," she answered.

He could hear a hint of playfulness in her words.

Five minutes later he entered her bedroom and almost immediately she pointed to the floor. "Kneel."

Bobby hit the floor and from that position gazed upward at the attractive woman. Her breasts hung gracefully, having that gentle slope so similar to Mistress Deb's. What distinguished Jenny from Mistress were her nipples. They were the perkiest things he'd ever seen and when aroused were at least twice the size of Deb's. They stood out like marbles and they drew his eyes to them now. Mistress Deb's stood firm and hard when she got like this but Miss Jenny's were deliciously more pronounced.

"I can see something about me appeals to you. What's making that do that?" She said pointing to his almost stiffened probe.

Bobby blushed. "All of you Miss Jenny. You are a beautiful woman."

"All of me?" she said coyly. "Be more specific."

Her grin made Bobby smile. "Your nipples are gorgeous. They get really big sometimes."

Jenny looked down at her breasts, cupping each, just enough to lift them. "I like them too." She turned her gaze to Bobby. "And I'm glad you find them appealing."

"I do," he said modestly.

"Then suck on this one." She turned to the right slightly and arched her back offering it to him."

Bobby, knowing his position here in Lisa's home and more specifically his designated submission to Miss Jenny rose up on his knees and took the firm nub gently between his lips. Jenny watched him contentedly. She liked seeing him latched on like this as if he had suddenly become a part of her in some abstract way. He glanced up and their eyes met momentarily. She stared back with a contented expression thinking it must have been one similar to the look Mistress Lisa often gave her whenever she ministered to her. Now it was Jenny turn to enjoy some attention and she found the handsome sub both attractive and appealing. There was a rhythmic tug on those sensitive nubs when he sucked and she watched his cheeks draw inward with each drawl of his suckling. Interspersed with those suckles was the feel of his tongue washing over and around the hardened nodule. It felt akin to a soft brush of his hand across her cheek. Beyond the immediate pleasure she fancied in now, were the other changes that had taken place over the last twenty-four hours. Enjoying his nakedness; feeling a sense of ownership and responsibility, getting off on his cock, even if it didn't go inside; feeing his masculine presence overwhelm her when they rested as well as a general sense of what it must be like to have control of another life.

"I didn't tell you to stop," she said when he pulled away a minute later. "I like seeing you attached to me. And besides, it feels nice."

Bobby latched back on and continued to suckle.

"Do you like doing this to my tit, my Slave?"

Bobby nodded.

"I can tell. Don't stop. It's good for you to get to know my body."

She watched him for another five minutes before having him tend to the left one. At first only Bobby's mouth touched her, but by the time she ended this little worship time, both hands had thoroughly explored her slender hips, and shapely buttocks. She sensed his approval in the way he touched. After all, she had shown her adoration to Mistress Lisa in that same way a thousand times and knew what he must be thinking. He was slowly coming around. Slowly coming to appreciate her for the Mistress she had come to be for him. In time he'd relax even more although she wasn't sure how long it would take for him to finally let go and see her as his one true Mistress.

"That's enough for today," Jenny said cupping his face inside her two hands and easing him off. "Maybe tomorrow I'll let you worship my tits some more."

Bobby sat back, resting his bottom on his heels.

"What do you say Slave?"

"Thank you Miss Jenny."

She smiled, almost forcibly so. "You can do better than that. I thought you loved these little girls." Jenny pinched the sensitive nubs, making them stand up even more. "Let's try again."

"Thank you Miss Jenny for letting me suckle your beautiful nipples and worship your body. I loved that you gave me this wonderful gift to enjoy."

"Mmmm, now that was a nice compliment." This time her smile was genuine and reached to her eyes. "When I offer you to them next time, I expect a similar compliment."

"Yes Ma'am."

She stood watching him while he remained kneeling. His eyes never left hers. Whenever she noticed his self-consciousness get the better of him she'd cup his chin and lift his head, making certain he didn't break eye contact. Several times she puckered her lips and blew him kisses. Each one brought about a stifled smirk by her slave. Finally she broke the silence.

"The reason I brought you in here was to try out your mouth on my pussy but when I noticed you getting all excited in seeing my breasts I impulsively thought I'd make good use of it in other ways. Your skills precede you. But I'm sure you are well aware of that, my slave."

"You've spoken with Ty?"

"Let's just say a little bird told me you had a special talent."

"You know how gossip is, it often distorts the truth," he said good-humoredly.

"I'm going to put any rumors of gossip to rest right here and right now. You can bank on that. The question for you is, and I mean this seriously, what is the best position for me to get in so I can enjoy you the most."

Bobby considered the question. "It depends."

"Depends how?"

"Some like to ride me cowgirl style because they love having more freedom to move over my mouth the way they want. Others like reclining and letting me have more control. Some want to play with my cock while I serve and prefer a 69 position."

"I think I want to recline. Do I just lie on the bed?"

"That or stay where you are."

"I'll save the standing position for another time." Quickly Jenny situated herself in the middle of the bed and placed two pillows under her head so she could watch him. She could feel her wetness coming and was almost giddy with excitement at knowing what was about to happen. It had been so long since a guy did this to her - like maybe during her freshmen year in college. Once Lisa took her all the guy stuff ended and she remembered how possessive Lisa was back then and the firm, one-way talks Lisa gave her that quelled any further interest in boys. Maybe that's what made this so much fun. It was so unlike her Mistress to give her such freedoms and although she had mild reservations about letting him do this for her, they soon gave way to more powerful urges.

For the next half hour Bobby explored Miss Jenny's most sacred part. Like all first times, it took him a few minutes to acquaint himself with her anatomy. Every woman was different. Not only did they taste different but they responded differently to his touches, licks, probes and kisses. They were also uniquely made anatomically and Jenny was no exception. What excited Bobby was how her labia minora, her inner sensitive lips physically moved when her arousal grew. When he first lapped at her sex, he could only barely slide his tongue between the puffy outer folds and had to press in to feel those softer, more sensitive inner lips. But as she relaxed and fell under his spell those outer lips parted, pushed apart, in-fact by internal ones which protruded like a blossoming flower. Bobby had never seen such a transformation. Ever so slowly the darker pigmented skin pressed toward him and changed from a flaccid slit to a taut spherical opening. The sight of her vaginal canal was akin to a moon crater; the vaginal orifice being the inner crater and her perfect folds opening like a flower in spring to form the outer rim of this most perfect of all craters. It was as if her pussy all but yearned to be penetrated. He felt his cock stir and the flow of pre-cum commence as it leaked out onto both his stomach and the sheets. He continued to only penetrate her with his tongue, letting it rim both the outer and inner edges of her opening. Jenny cooed and sighed delightfully. He loved watching her body respond to his touch with such erotic movements and vocalizations. Not only could he move his tongue over the outer folds of her inner labia but he could flick and probe the insides of the now protruding inner labia.

The effect on Jenny produced a continual commentary of whimpers, sighs and soft words of encouragement. She was a talker, a verbalizer, a woman who did not lie quietly waiting for the final moments of his ministrations before crying out just as her orgasm came. Almost from the get-go she began cooing softly and this made tending to her needs that much more enjoyable for Bobby. Jenny's hands ran over and through his thick hair constantly and she watched him intently lying with her legs flexed fully at the knee and splayed widely apart. Often she told him to look at her and together their eyes remained engaged; him serving and she watching him lovingly caress her flower. When she finally came, she did so copiously. It wasn't by squirting as Tyaja did but rather by flowing and in the process producing enough fluid to coat Bobby's face from nose to chin and offer him enough juice that he swallowed several times. That musky scent formed a veneer over every surface of his mouth, nose and cheeks - both inside and out. It was as if she had marked her territory - her man - when she climaxed to claim him for her own.

"Kiss my feet Slave," she ordered, after regaining enough composure to pull together a coherent sentence. He was unbelievable. Lying on her back with her eyes closed she smiled thinking how nice it had been to have someone pleasure her for once. Not only was he a superb pussy-eater, but he was so gentle and such fine eye-candy to enjoy while he lay between her legs. She loved feeling his strength mixed paradoxically with his inherent meekness. She had no doubts concerning the extent of his physical prowess for he was well built. But at no point had he ever asserted that prowess in a way to intimidate her. She only felt his strength; his imposing physical size and layered muscles she loved squeezing. As a result, he made her feel safe and for now, that was good enough. She liked that feeling when placing herself in such a vulnerable position as she lay now. Jenny revisited the sight of him breastfeeding and knew she'd have him suckle again very soon - maybe tonight - but then maybe she'd have him lick her instead - maybe she'd have him do both. She giggled at the possibilities. Just then his tongue slid between her third and fourth toes.

...

The week passed quickly. Bobby worked every day on Miss Jenny's ever growing list. Twice weekly she took him back to his house so they could work-out together. It had been his lone request and one she didn't mind taking time to make happen, and besides, she enjoyed working up a good sweat as well. Having thought through the potential problem with Tyaja, they visited the gym only on Mondays and Thursdays. Lisa had been fine with Jenny's decision and came alone to partner with Ty on their weekly training each Friday. Jenny joined them later for dinner, leaving Bobby at home and thus isolating him from any temptations Ty might have.

After finishing up on this particular day Bobby did a quick once-over of the house while Jenny showered and readied herself in front of the vanity mirror. Of course, nothing needed cleaning but he often found himself with a feather brush in hand making certain every room met Mistress Deb's expectations. Call it habit or some form of stress-reducing task. Being here was tough and he found himself often welling with tears as memories - often little ones - like him bringing her lunch, or hearing her call for him on the intercom, or picturing her reading a magazine, or watching her from the kitchen window standing on the deck. It wasn't the sex or her physical beauty that made him ache but rather her presence. He'd give anything to have her back her doing mindless things once more.

Usually after working out Jenny took Bobby out to eat. It was her time to be alone with him in some environment remote to the house. Usually they ate light. Their workout, although burning hundreds of calories also rose their blood sugar levels and left them feeling less than famished - a feeling that inevitably came about later that evening.

Bobby enjoyed Miss Jenny. She was nice. It was how he often thought of her. Even though she remained naked as he did while at home, he didn't view her as a fellow slave. She was of course although she held a higher status than he did. But Bobby never saw her serve Lisa sexually and wondered if she ever did anymore. Instead he always regarded and respected Jenny as his mistress and often thanked her for filling that void in his life. Howeve,r he simply couldn't let go of Mistress Deb. He just couldn't. For as much as he tried to keep Mistress Deb in the forefront of his thoughts he found himself thinking of her less and less as time passed and her condition remained unchanged.

Jenny had Bobby sleep with her every night and as the days mounted, their mutual comfort level grew. Never once did she require him to penetrate her but on most nights she thought how nice it would feel to have his massive cock fill her void. On most nights she put his mammoth tool between her legs while side lying and humped it to at least one orgasm; something she could tell he enjoyed letting her do. It became one of their nightly traditions.

Not wanting to press him beyond his comfort level she kept any sexual servitude on the lighter side. Breast worship, treating herself to his oral services and nightly kissing and fondling remained her limits although she made use of him as a masseuse and foot-worshipper often. Although Bobby supplanted her as the chief chore-doer in Mistress Lisa's home, Lisa used Jenny's free time for her own pleasure and often rang for her service at all hours of the day and night when she wanted someone to cuddle or needed sexual release. Bobby sensed Lisa's sexual drive was not as high as he presumed it would be since she only infrequently left him at nights. Jenny mentioned little of her intimate relationship with Lisa and if they did things together during the day, they were quite discrete. Sometimes Lisa would give him a curious look and Bobby wondered if she was considering his cock but she never required him to come to her; something he felt quite content to leave as it was.

Lisa and Tyaja flew out to Phoenix the evening prior to Deb's awakening and spent the following day at the hospital with Mr. and Mrs. Ashby. The hopeful Friday came and went without Debra displaying even the slightest sign of life albeit her breathing. Saturday became Sunday and Sunday, Monday with no sign of change. The chief physician on call met with the foursome that afternoon and informed them she could just as easily wake up tomorrow as she could a year from now - or not at all. He recounted a few cases in which patients remained comatose for months; only to wake as if they had never had incurred any trauma. He also noted a majority of cases didn't have such ideal outcomes. Although the news was sobering, all parties were becoming acutely aware of that very possibility. The women returned home after a week of witnessing no change and feeling frustrated for being completely helpless to Deb's many needs.

Their time in Phoenix consisted mostly of reading magazines aloud and talking amongst themselves and to Debra. They assisted the PTs with therapy and massaged her body to stimulate skin circulation and deter pressure sores. Lisa even helped to sponge bathe her friend but Ty never assisted in that chore. What little they did felt so insignificant to what they were hoping for and more than once Tyaja verbalized that frustration by raising her voice and almost scolding Deb to 'wake up!'

The news of Debra's unchanging condition stunned Bobby. Lisa sat the two of them together as she had that first night and told them everything. Together they cried and lamented the loss of Bobby's mistress as their fears gained more traction. Indeed it seemed like she might one day die and most likely never awake.

Lisa later learned through Jenny just how excited Bobby was at the hope of hearing positive news when she returned. He admitted some days later to Jenny, he expected her to have a prolonged recovery but never had he ever thought she wouldn't regain consciousness, especially after a two week sedation period. Both Jenny and Lisa gave him needed space in the days that followed and Lisa even gave him the keys to Jenny's car to leave and go where ever he wanted. Jenny learned he had gone back home and paced the property - praying, crying and reliving memories from his all-too short time spent with the love of his life.

For Debra, her sleep-state remained unabated. At the six week mark, her parents had her transferred to their home on the ranch where therapy continued round the clock. A live-in nurse assumed many of the daily care-responsibilities while therapists continued to drop in to monitor her body from an orthopedic standpoint.

For Bobby, the ominous outcome grew ever more likely. His doubts to her ever waking grew with each passing week. Under Miss Jenny's supervision he continued with his obedient service but even under her gentle hand he went through periods of anger, depression, frustration and grappling with the 'why' question, to which he never found a satisfactory answer. As much as Jenny gave him space to grieve and cope with Debra's situation, there were times when she had to discipline him for remarks made that were totally uncalled for. Only once did she take a hair brush to his bare bottom and when she did, she did so with force.

Unbeknownst to either was the outcome. Bobby melted as the blows mounted; at first crying out in pain, then sobbing and eventually completely losing it. The meek and mild Jenny had a stern streak. She didn't enjoy using the brush but she intended to let him know there were consequences to pay for backtalk.

When she had finished, Bobby apologized profusely and when Jenny called him in to talk about it later that evening Bobby asked if he could cuddle. After agreeing, their cuddling led to Bobby kissing her body - almost as if he were worshipping her - and eventually offered his cock to Miss Jenny. She resisted at first but after appealing to her several times she mounted him for the very first time. Bobby's offer was not so much an erotic gesture as it was an offering of peace and submission. Jenny accepted his gift and brought herself to two powerful climaxes before ordering him to join her on the third. He exploded, completely filling her vagina with cum. Having not released any of his seed in almost two months he ejaculated an immense amount of juice. Jenny finger fed him for almost five minutes although most of it found its way into the fibers of the sheet underneath and left a huge wet spot.

That evening while lying wrapped around one another Bobby began to talk.

"Miss Jenny, thank you for being firm with me. You were completely justified in your punishment."

"You're welcome Slave and I know I was. You were in the wrong."

"It won't happen again and I'm sorry."

Jenny patted his chest. "We've already talked about this. I forgive you. Now let it go."

"I'm trying," he murmured.

After a long silence Jen asked, "Do you have thoughts about Deb you need to talk about?"

Her words were soft and gentle. She kissed his lower lip and then rested her head back down against the arm he had slipped under her some time earlier. "I don't think she's going to make it," he said finally.

"I can tell that scares you."

"It does Miss Jenny. It really does."

"But you have me now and I want to fill whatever void I can until decisions have to be made."

"I know and I can't imagine life without you. I mean, I can't even fathom going through this without you."

"I know Bobby. I know. I can tell and I've tried to respect that. I wanted to give you the space you've needed and yet try to balance your love for Deb with the charge Mistress Lisa gave me to serve as your mistress. It's been a tricky balance."

"You've done a great job. I love the way you lead."

Jenny smiled and then kissed him, her full lips lingering on his. "I like having you as my Slave." She was quiet for several seconds before continuing. "You know you crossed a hard line I had drawn for myself when you insisted I fuck you."

"I know," he said almost in a whisper.

"Why did you want me too?"

"Did you enjoy it? I mean me?" He asked, avoiding her question.

"Bobby, I loved it. It's been years since I had a man inside me and to have this," she squeezed his softened cock, "well it was pretty mind-blowing and maybe a little big for me but it felt nice. But why did you want me to do that?"

"I-I don't know," he stammered. "It seemed right at the time." He let one finger trace a line down the side of her face and neck until it stopped at the apex of her breast. She let him fondle with her nipple while waiting for him to go on. "I have this thing inside me," he said finally. She could tell he was struggling with what to say. "It's like I need to have a woman to serve."

"I know you do. I'm the same way - kind of."

"Yea but it's more than that."

"You need to be able to give your Mistress all of you in order to feel her acceptance. Is that it?"

He looked at her feeling as if she had read his mind. "Yes Miss Jenny. That's exactly how I feel."

She smiled. "I told you I think like you." She pursed her lips, letting him come to her this time. "Good Slave," she said encouragingly when he did. "It's not my style to ask you for an opinion but I will in this case."

"There's no need to ever ask for my opinion Miss Jenny."

"This time it is necessary. Bobby, is what we did something you want to do again?"

He could tell she chose her words carefully yet it was an elephant in the room question. "I don't know. I think so. Maybe I'll have a better feeling for that after I go see her."

"Maybe that's best. I like you. I like you a lot. You make a good slave and I find myself attracted to you. I also understand how things are. When you're ready, we can talk some more."

"Thank you. Thank you Miss Jenny." He pulled her in close, letting his hand slide down over her ass. Gripping it firmly he held her. Jenny stroked his cheek and when their eyes met, so did their lips. For a long time she comforted him. As he eased his lips apart, she explored his mouth, toyed with his tongue and let him revel in her languished kisses. At some point they fell asleep and the following day Ty arrived. It was the first time since before the accident that Bobby had seen her.

The spanking and subsequent consummation, along with a prolonged visit to Oklahoma with Tyaja by his side seemed to have solidified Deb's long-term prognosis in his mind. She looked so weak, and although she was still alive she appeared so close to death. Deb appeared dead and in so many ways she was. Slowly he let go of his emotional hold on her even though his love for her remained. Seeing her so weak, so helpless and looking as if she could pass on to the hereafter at any moment, brought about the stark realization that the precious few days he had spent with her before the accident would be no more. Tyaja stayed for three days. Bobby remained for another eleven. On the way home following the visitation, he understood precisely how bleak her condition was.

During his time there he accessed the web. He found from his scholarly research that traumatic brain injuries resulting in comas extending beyond two months had a meager 1.8% survival rate and the possibility of victims ever gaining their full mental acuity was less than 0.05%. Although her parents still held hope in her falling into the company of that select few, they realized Deb might stay this way until an organ failed or infection overtook her compromised state.

Meeting her folks didn't go according to plan. There was a guarded acceptance of him, not because of his connection with their daughter but because Debra existed in a balance between life and death. Like Bobby, they realized this might be the only time they would ever see one another. Bobby found it equally difficult. He wasn't certain if he wanted to invest the effort to get to know them for the same reasons. He didn't ask probing questions about the ranch, her childhood or their views on life's many issues. Instead the daily conversation had to do with what care she needed that day and who the visiting nurse would be. Conversations were kept safe and mostly had to do with the weather and food whenever the subject matter didn't involve Debra.

When Bobby returned home, he found himself fighting through another depression. However rather than wanting time alone he found himself clinging to Miss Jenny. He needed stability in his life and she was the only stable force with which he had contact. Lisa continued to keep their relationship somewhat distant while any interaction with Tyaja was only out of necessity. That left Miss Jenny and because she was his default Mistress, he relied on her for emotional support and acceptance and found her always willing to listen, offer help and console.

His reaction once coming back home paralleled his previous. Basically he withdrew. He wanted space. He wanted to be alone and he sulked. At the same time, he craved Miss Jenny's companionship and found himself doing things just so he could be near her although when he was he remained quieter than normal. He also acquired an overwhelming desire to please. His moody-neediness was somewhat of a puzzle to Jenny and left her with mixed emotions. On one hand he appeared to wish for the old days of being with Deb while on the other hand he constantly hinted at the hope she would make love to him or put him between her legs so he could lick her pussy. Eventually she realized he was trying to let go of Deb but for whatever reason couldn't bring himself to admit he was. It was when she snuggled him one evening and found him playing with her breasts almost compulsively that she command him to suck her tits.

He did and while he sucked, the tears finally came. It was as if she had pulled the plug from some dam that held back wave after wave of pent up emotion. She let him suckle and cry for almost an hour until her nipple became so sore she had to pull it free. As soon as he unlatched he asked if he could please her orally and she consented. After taking her to places she could never have dreamed possible he offered her his cock.

What began as a quiet snuggle morphed into a three hour sexcapade and left Jenny completely spent. She fell asleep almost immediately after coming more times than she ever thought possible. Slave was left hard and frustrated but feeling more like his usual self than any drug could have provided. Upon waking and beginning his day he had more energy. He was in higher spirits than he'd been in for days. Jenny repeated the process that evening and after a week of almost kinky passionate sex he actually started acting like the Bobby from old she had come to admire.

Jenny understood, probably better than Deb, Lisa or Ty ever could as to why he felt and reacted as he did. Although Jenny had mutual submissive tendencies, she had learned to appreciate life on the other side. She could identify almost too well with his need to give of himself sexually. She had done virtually the same thing countless times. But because she had no choice in the matter after Lisa had assigned him to her, she forced herself to 'mistress' him as best she knew and after some while, found she enjoyed the switch, maybe more than she thought she ever would. That revelation made her wonder if life on this side of the hairbrush was a better fit for her personality.

She knew Bobby belonged to Deb and it wasn't like she intended to steal him. Yet as time passed they knew her chances for recovery were slim to none. Jenny wondered how things would transition if these weeks turned into months and months, years. Of course, she was in a predicament, having him at her service but obligated to Lisa. But, like Bobby, she'd never been collared. She wondered why neither Deb nor Lisa had ever bothered placing their final seal of ownership on their respective slaves. Given the choice, she wondered if she had the courage to leave the security Lisa provided and start anew with Bobby. She wondered if he would ever agree to follow or if Lisa would even offer him that choice. After all, she was his new mistress, per her agreement with Deb. But after two years what then? She thought about Bobby and smiled. Indeed he was a catch for any woman!

Lisa, although remaining distant from the imposed relationship she had forced Jenny into, observed with unspoken understanding. For some time she had wondered if Jenny could ever truly love her. They had been friends for years and only after exploring one another's bodies while in high school did they secretly form a pact to only be with one another. Guys asked them out for dates almost weekly but when neither obliged, word started spreading that they were lovers. No one, not even their parents saw any obvious signs of their feelings and so the rumors remained just that. It wasn't until attending the University of Texas that they felt comfortable enough to share what they had publicly.

Lisa often reminisced, remembering how much fun they had together both in and out of bed. But as college ended and life on their own began, they drifted apart. Lisa still loved her slave and Jenny repeatedly reminded her of how deep her love was for her mistress but the sex came less frequently and the cuddling occurred with less emotion. It wasn't Jenny who changed but Lisa and she could blame no one but herself. Her drive for passion took a secondary place to her work and for as much as she wanted that to reverse itself, it never did.

Lisa often thought of their relationship now as one of convenience. She maintained enough hold of Jenny to keep her submissive and Jenny had enough of a submissive personality to not ever feel like she could voice concerns, ask for more, or for something different. They had lived this way for years before Bobby came into the picture and when he did she put Jenny in charge, mostly on a whim. What transpired since led her to believe Jenny had found her true fit in life; not at the feet of a woman but at the head of a man. It saddened her at the thought but in the end, Bobby's arrival might have been the one event that enabled them to see themselves for who they really were.

She watched the two engaging now, Bobby kneeling compliantly on the kitchen floor while his Miss Jenny reviewed the specifics of what chores were to be completed today. She couldn't hide the smile of the voluptuously built woman standing over the powerfully constructed Bobby Ashby, while his enormous cock jutted upward at a 45 degree angle. Jenny's nipples stood pert, most likely aroused at the erection begging for attention. Her words were short and to the point.

"I want these three items completed before lunch," she said pointing to the sticky note, "and I expect Mistress Lisa to be served promptly at noon. Be sure you shower before you make lunch. There is no need for her to see you dripping in sweat while you wait on her. Do you understand Slave?"

She listened to their dialog and only after he kissed her feet and left did Jenny realize Lisa had been watching.

"You handle him well."

"Ah, he's a big teddy bear. All muscle and no growl."

Both women snickered.

"I think you've been good for him Jenny. I don't know where he'd be if Deb hadn't found him a home."

"I'm trying. It's been a lot easier than I thought it would."

"You're a natural," Lisa affirmed.

"No, you're the natural. I've only replicated what you've taught me over the years."

"He doesn't need to know that. All he needs to understand is you are his supervisor and your word is law."

Jenny grinned. "I think he does. The hairbrush put any doubt he had to rest." She laughed. "Now how may I serve you Mistress?"

"I need your help in the office."

They left Bobby to his chores and spent the rest of the day auditing a local company's records making sure they stayed compliant with the ever changing tax code.

...

By autumn of that year the Thompson household had fallen into a rhythm. Bobby had completed all the major projects on Jenny's list and served as the sole maid of the house. He knew their schedules, their preferences and their favorites. Their house had become his and he fell into a comfortable slot within their lives. Because of his business background he assisted Miss Jenny and Mistress Lisa whenever their plates became a little too full but even though he was more than competent assisting with whatever they asked, Lisa never used him unless absolutely necessary and Bobby never figured out why. He had the time and he had offered more than once when he could see them stressing over the business they ran. Only when Lisa called him aside after offering one time too many did she informed him, on no uncertain terms, he was not to make a similar request again.

That was when Miss Jenny fill in the blanks. Bobby's status at the house remained tentative and Lisa didn't want to take on more work than the two of them could presently handle.

"Does that mean she is going to ship me off to someone else in another year?" His question was a sincere one and one Jenny answered honestly.

"Not at all Slave. Lisa's concern has more to do with Deb's condition. What if she wakes up? Then what?'

"I don't know."

"But you do. If she ever comes around, we lose you and then we have to let go of clients we just took on. It's bad business. You understand that."

Bobby closed the distance separating them, knelt and pressed the side of his face against her abdomen. He hugged her. When he looked up he peered at Miss Jenny. "I don't see that day coming," he said sadly.

"Nor do I, Slave, but the fact remains, the potential is there."

"Please don't toss me out to just any Mistress if she doesn't make it," he pleaded. He sank back on his heels, his hands resting on her slender hips, lightly grasping her silky smooth skin. Kissing her just above the nub of her sex he reiterated his plea, "Please don't throw me to the wolves."

"Who said anything about getting rid of you? I love having you around."

"But do you that much?"

Jenny's expression became completely flummoxed. "Of course I do! You are the perfect slave Bobby. Everything about you drips with servitude. And then there is this, and that," she slid a finger inside his mouth, touching his tongue and pointed to his growing arousal. "I've never been more satisfied in my life."

"What are you saying then, Miss Jenny that you want to keep me for your own?"

She didn't answer immediately but considered is question. "It's complicated, isn't it? I mean I'm kind of like you."

"Then what will you do?"

"I don't know. Right now I want to ride you and not think about the 'what ifs'. But what do you think? What do you want?" What if Lisa gave you the power to choose? She countered.

"Do you love me Miss Jenny?"

She squatted until her eyes were level with his. She smiled and then kissed him deeply. Running her hands over his body she assaulted him orally. "Slave," she said softly, her hands holding his cheeks, "that's a word I've repressed and purposely not used. Why do you love me?" Jenny cocked her head and waited.

She watched his eyes become watery and a single tear spilled down his cheeks. Jenny marveled how in-tune he was with his inner self. He didn't even need to answer. She already knew.

"That's ok Baby," she said. "You don't need to say anything," her smile warming her lovely eyes.

She stood and he squeezed her body, kissing her abdomen numerous times before moving to her navel, and then to the crests of her hips, and then to her loins. Soon his lips found her flower. That was when Miss Jenny lifted one leg. She placed her thigh over his shoulder and opened herself for him to worship.

"Lick me my Slave. Come to your Mistress and worship my pussy. I want to feel your tongue work its magic. That's it Baby," she cooed. "That's a good boy. Let your mistress know just how much you love her."

Jenny ran her hands over his head as those inner stirrings commenced. He spent every day between her legs now and had been doing so for the past month. Ever since Lisa had returned after visiting Deb and had shown Bobby several videos of her lying emaciated and motionless, exactly like she had been some months previous did he finally come to grips with the undeniable. It was as if he had wordlessly told Mistress Deb goodbye. Maybe he was wrong in his decision. Maybe Jenny should have given him more opportunities to visit. Maybe she should have insisted he remain true until she died but then again, they weren't married. He wasn't even collared. Yes, Jenny understood they were engaged but knew they hadn't been together for even a year. It wasn't like they had been lovers for several years.

Jenny gasped when she felt his tongue probe some yummy spot. She could tell by the way he ate her that he had finally come to accept what everyone suspected would come to pass. She felt the change. For as much as he had given himself to her ever since he was placed under her care, there remained an emotional wall separating them. Although it momentarily vanished whenever they were close, when they made out or when he ministered to her breasts or cunt, she usually felt its presence return soon after. And Jenny understood. He was still in love. He served her but emotionally he remained emotionally bound to Deb. The fracturing of that barrier only came with time. Bit by bit the wall crumbled until finally in the last month, Jenny felt his guarded love no more.

The change came first in his willingness to serve. Before he pleased out of obedience to her requests but now he offered. Jenny could see the longing in his eye to satisfy her at almost any time of the day or night. Along with the attitude change came the way he licked, the way he tended her, and his attitude while she fucked him. She felt he was ready to bond, to unite with her not only physically but emotionally. When he finally let go her heart went out to him. The L-word came to mind, and although she refrained from using it, she felt as if she was finally falling for him.

Lisa opened the door a few minutes after Bobby had buried his head into her pussy. Jenny smiled when she saw her and watched Lisa sit quietly on the bed behind him. She watched for some minutes. Jenny leaned against her vanity, her shapely back reflecting in the mirror behind. Gasping, hooting, and becoming lost in the moment Lisa watched her own slave succumb to Bobby's masterful touch.

"He is quite good, isn't he?" She stated, rather than asked.

"Jenny opened her eyes almost unable to speak. "Y-y-ess," she gasped. "he-he is r-really good."

"I hope you don't mind me watching. There's nothing on TV tonight," she said pokerfaced.

Jenny shook her head no, her hands grappling with Bobby's head.

"Good, then I'll watch. I want you to fuck him when he's through with you."

The blonde ran her hands up and over her breasts, squeezing and fondling them as her arousal mounted. Bobby, expertly in tune with her senses didn't just lap at her pussy but orchestrated how he would take her over the edge. Deciding on a lengthy concerto he took her from one state of ecstasy to another. Nothing she felt was orgasmic but everything she felt sent bolts of desire through every possible sensory nerve in her body. In the end, as the composition reached its apex, Jenny begged for relief but Bobby wouldn't comply. He kept her in that panicked state of being 'right there'. He had more lines to play before the grand finale and Bobby made sure he touched on every note. Only when she pleaded for him to make her cum did he thrust his tongue deep inside her blossoming flower and catapult her to a place not even her imagination thought was possible.

Even Lisa sat up when she came. She watched Jenny's body rack in spasm. Nearly every muscle tensed, veins in her neck bulged and the room became saturated with her cries, pleas and moans. When Jenny finally relaxed, she literally fell forward. Bobby caught her just as her knees buckled and carried her effortlessly to the bed.

"God Bobby, do you do that to her every day?"

"Most days," he said nonchalant. "It depends how much time she gives me. Tonight I had all the time I wanted so I was able to treat her to a nice one."

"Where did you learn that?"

"From a woman in Tennessee. She taught me everything."

"She's one hell of a teacher!"

"She is. She can teach Miss Jenny too if you want her to learn the intricacies in the art of oral service." His comment was innocent and clear. He was thinking like a slave, only thinking of her needs and wants.

Lisa smiled warmly. "I'll keep that in mind." She rose, "I think I'll watch the rest of your show some other time. That was enough for one night."

"Would you like me to send Miss Jenny to your room when she wakes?"

"No. She can stay here. I think that's where she wants to be anyway."

Lisa quietly left, leaving Bobby to care for his exhausted mistress.

Lisa and Jenny spent progressively more time in the office as the year came to an end. On most nights they worked for a couple hours after dinner and by the time Jenny met with Bobby each evening she was so tired. During those weeks she only had Bobby service her on weekends. The relatively abrupt change in their sex life stirred feelings of abandonment in Bobby's mind. Yet Jenny's soft spirit and constant kisses appeased him enough and their night-long snuggles kept his from getting too sad. Yet a seed of doubt sprung during the Holiday season. Bobby said nothing for weeks. A part of him loved Jenny but a remnant still lived vicariously through his memories and his thoughts of Deb. It was only by chance that things came to head three days before the beginning of the New Year.

Bobby and Jenny had left for the afternoon to go workout. Because of the girl's busy work schedule Jenny opted to go on a Saturday after sleeping in. Meanwhile Lisa stayed at home. An invigorating hour of exercise might have been what she needed most but there were simply not enough hours in the day anymore and Lisa opted out at the last minute. She was exhausted. Thanksgiving, Christmas, holiday shopping, travel and the constant pressure to meet year-end deadlines had zapped what little energy she had. She couldn't imagine exercising. Instead she napped for three hours as soon as they left. When she woke Lisa went to the kitchen. When she lifted the lid to the trashcan to toss in a banana peel her eye fell on a crumpled and partially covered handwritten note. Not recognizing the script she pulled it free and examined the mysterious memo. Tucking it in her purse she finished eating and returned to the living room to read. Advent music played softly and she took the opportunity to stretch out on the sofa. Soon after the book lay on her breasts and she was sound asleep.

When Jenny brought Bobby home and they both undressed Jenny directed him into the kitchen to make Mistress Lisa a light dinner. Jenny cuddled with her mistress for the next half hour while Bobby worked silently in the other room.

After dinner Lisa had Jenny choose a movie to watch and when it was over she hit the remote and called it a night. Jenny offered to go with her but the black-haired beauty declined yet again. Grabbing her slave by the hand she pulled him into her bedroom and after readying herself for bed she had Bobby massage her for the better part of an hour. When Jenny rolled over, Bobby scooped her off the massage table and carted her petite frame to bed. Just when he was about to climb in beside her she asked,

"Slave, can you get that paper on my dresser and read it to me? It's the yellow one."

"Sure. What is it?"

"Just read it."

When he saw the wrinkled page pressed flat he stopped looking horrified at what she had found. "Miss Jenny, I can't."

"I told you to read it to me. Come sit," she patted the bed acting as if nothing was wrong, "and do what you're told."

"Have you read it?" he challenged.

"I know Lisa has. She gave it to me but I'd like you to enlighten me."

"It's not important Miss Jenny. It's really not."

"It must be; you took the time to record your thoughts. It looks to me like you took a good deal of time. And besides, you know I expect you to tell me everything whenever I give you orders to do so."

"I was only trying to process feelings Miss Jenny," he said anxiously.

She could hear the unspoken plea for her to relent but Jenny persisted. "Slave, look at me." He did. "I won't ask you again. You can read this now or bend over that chair and get a good spanking and read it later with your ass good and sore. What will it be?"

Bobby felt as if the room was closing on all sides. He knew this was going to hurt her. Bobby wondered if Jenny had read the note already and only wanted him to realize exactly what he had done. Many questions would be raised; questions he didn't want to discuss; questions he didn't want her considering. He should have thrown the damn paper outside like he intended but for whatever reason, shoved it in the kitchen trash never thinking anyone would fish it out.

He began, speaking softly and slowly:

"Dear Mistress, I miss you. I miss you so much. I decided today life isn't fair. I was thinking how you saved me from your sister. I bet you don't even realize but that was only 18 months ago. But for the past 9 months you've slept while I've lived in agony without you. I've lost you. I've lost my perfect mate and it hurts so much. Sometimes it hurts too much. Right now I wish I could die when I think about what I've lost. But I need to be honest. Mistress, in my mind I've let you go. I've released you and I hope God takes you in his arms and loves you in ways I never could. As your slave, I don't have that right to let you go but I don't know of any other way to make my life even somewhat bearable. I understand if you were awake you'd be shocked and feel abandoned with what I'm telling you but I think you also understand my reality. You're at home with your mom and dad. Lisa asked if they'd let you come here but we aren't family. I understood that too but it doesn't make not seeing you any easier. What hurts so much is knowing I'll never be able to kiss you, hold you, laugh with you, cook you a meal, sit in the hot tub or serve you in a hundred different ways.

Mistress, Jenny has taken over your role as my mistress and I love serving her. I want to serve her and I know she enjoys having me as her slave. Mistress, she is a good mistress. You'd like the way she controls me. She makes me happy. So many times I've said goodbye to you because I know I cannot serve you both. I need to give her my all and I want to. I feel that way because I know I'll never have you in my life again but it's so hard to let you go completely. You are still there; still haunting me; still my loving mistress. It's just too hard to really say a final goodbye and I don't know why. Maybe it's because I feel guilt for feeling as I do. Maybe a part of me still thinks you will get better. Maybe it's because I don't want to. But you've been in a coma for almost 300 days. I think it's time. I know I need to. I know I must. But then again, I can't. I'm so torn, so torn inside. I love you.

Your Bobby."

When Bobby ended he held the letter limply his hands trembling slightly. He felt distraught, ashamed guilty and completely drained. He didn't regret writing the note. He regretted what he was certain the note did to Miss Jenny.

"I'm sorr—"

She interrupted, "It's beautifully written," Jenny said softly. "Come to bed."

Bobby turned off the lights and climbed under the sheets without speaking. Once under the covers he kept a small space between them. Jenny rolled away but reached behind, found his arm and pulled it toward her. It was what she did when she wanted him to spoon and he reluctantly complied. Only after several minutes of awkward silence did she speak.

"You are a good man Bobby, so good in so many ways."

"Thank you Miss Jenny," he whispered. He kissed her head, waiting for her to say more. He wanted her to talk. He knew she had lots of thoughts and prayed he hadn't hurt her too deeply. Pulling her slender frame against him, his lips found the nape of her neck and he kissed, letting her wordlessly know he cared.

She said nothing more and she passed the night sleeping restlessly. What he had read did indeed sting. Maybe having him read the note aloud wasn't such a good idea. Although she was caught by surprise when Lisa gave her the paper some hours before, listening to him brought the significance of the issue to the forefront. The pain came not from the letter but from how she felt toward Bobby. She understood more than ever just how much she loved him. She understood his desire to love her in return and she could identify with the torment he fought daily because of Mistress Deb's suspended state.

Jenny knew she could never really possess him, even if Mistress Lisa permitted it as long as there were two women fighting for his heart. She remained awake long into the night considering how to respond without gaining an answer. There was no easy way out. She wanted him but that was dependent on Deb's passing and Lisa releasing her. Yes she could pull a power-play and just leave Lisa but they had been lovers for so many years. Any move toward Bobby would have to be with Lisa's blessing - and Deb's death.

Jenny appreciated Bobby's inherent desire to serve. She knew he wanted her - kind of, mostly, almost completely. But he still had questions about Deb. He wondered. He hoped. And who could blame him. Deb had saved him from a hard life and Jenny was aware of his past; his past before Deb; his past with her sister. He had endured an almost horrific ordeal on so many levels. It was Deb who benefited from her sister's handiwork. Why she released him out of the blue she had no idea but the fact that she did had broken Bobby's heart. Jenny had heard Bobby share in his own words how gut wrenching it was to learn Sharon wanted another lover and elected to toss him aside. She remembered him recounting how much he wanted Sharon, Deb's sister, to reciprocate the feelings he had. When she cut his collar it was as if she had ripped his soul in two. His saving grace was Sharon's offer to give Bobby to Deb. Bobby barely knew Deb but there had always been a spark. When Deb assumed ownership, they both realized the mutual need they held for one another. They were indeed uniquely suited and their love blossomed almost instantly.

Jenny mentally reviewed it all; remembering when everything in Deb and Bobby's life came unraveled: the accident; the coma; and now the months of nothingness. That's when he was given to Lisa and that's when she gave him to me, to ME!! He fell for me! He loved me! He serves me! He wants me! And she wanted him. She couldn't deny it. She had developed a love for this man. He was a good man; a very good man; one whom she felt a bond but one with whom she couldn't love fully as long as Bobby felt as he did. With tears streaming down her cheeks she silently cried herself to sleep within the strong, caring arms of the man she couldn't quite have.

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 10
byKatiekatsman©

"Come on Mistress," he encouraged. You have to move. You have to push yourself. Remember how hard you were on me?" He laughed to no one. "Now it's my turn to make you do what you don't think you can. Come on!"

Bobby took her knee, straightening it and then flexing her hip until he felt resistance. Careful to not push too hard, he followed the therapists' instructions exactly. Joint by joint, muscle by muscle, stroke by stroke, he had watched, mimicked and practiced. He filmed what the nurse and PT had done for the past week. He even had someone else film him when they let him try. Then Bobby watched and re-watched the videos ten or twenty times making sure his skill was on par with theirs. He didn't have their background but he had a bond no therapist could ever have with a patient. Every morning, afternoon and evening he worked with her in some capacity. Stretching, mobilizing, massaging, reading, laughing, touching, and communicating. He poured himself into Mistress Deb's care. Only rarely leaving her side he committed his life to doing whatever she needed to recover.

The move here was the best thing that could have happened. He had to know. He had to try. He had to see for himself, see her - even in this pathetic state. Her body had withered to almost nothing. She had virtually no muscle. The strong build, shapely legs, tight calves, and abdomen were gone. Replacing them was flaccid tissue that jiggled when shaken. There was nothing left to the old physique. When he lifted her from one place to another, his heart ached. She felt feather light. Was she even 80 pounds?

So much had changed. Sometimes he had to imagine Mistress was the same woman he had come to love. She was but a shell of her former self. But as his mistress he intended to do anything and everything within his power to optimize her ability to heal. The essence of what the therapists, nurses and neurologists had conveyed was her need of optimal stimulation in a broad spectrum of sensory stimuli. Dr Patrick, the chief physician on her case had published an article on TBI rehab. Bobby read it three times.

His take away points were twofold; the brain needed both rest and exercise. Exercise came by stimulating as many of the five senses as possible, which generally amounted to exciting her sensory organs, auditory faculties and olfactory senses. Taste could only be attacked with limited success and her optical senses would remain unfettered. Additionally, passive movement and stretching were important adjuncts as they apparently stimulated internal nerves call proprioceptors that fed the brain. Movement kept her body from forming contractures and would ease the rehabilitation process should she ever regain consciousness. Rest of course came during sleeping hours and Bobby set up a bed using a mat placed at the foot of her bed. He intended to be with her continuously, convincing himself it was the only way she'd ever make it.

What Bobby noticed while he watched the routines and goings on at the Ashby house was a pervasive sense of fatigue on the part of her parents and a lackadaisical attitude with the nurse and therapist. Everyone did their job but in his opinion, it was one thing to do what was necessary and quite another to go above and beyond minimal expectations. After a week of acute observation, questioning caregivers and assisting them, almost to the point of being intrusive, Bobby asked her parents if he could assume primary care responsibilities, using the nurse and therapist as oversight only. Explaining he had learned most everything from the healthcare providers during the past several days and getting direct approval from them he called a joint meeting of all involved parties. After considering his pitch and getting the blessing of the medical team the Ashby's happily agreed. They were more than pleased to have someone assist their daughter who had the energy and vitality he brought to bear in his work.

It had been 297 days since the accident; 297 long and arduous days. Her folks had contemplated transferring her to a long-term patient care facility that handled these types of disabilities. Only their guilt kept them from following through. Having become both physically and emotionally drained with her unwavering status even with the efforts of so many was beyond depressing. Frustration, mixed with anxiety and a sense of impending doom permeated their home. No one believed she'd ever improve. That was when Lisa contacted Mrs. Ashby. Upon hearing her offer to send Bobby, with the intent of using him as a resource rather than a complacent visitor, they agreed to accept his offer.

During the two and a half weeks since his arrival everyone's spirits had been lifted. Bobby brought with him an optimism that was contagious and a drive that was unrelenting. The Ashby's welcomed him with open arms and as they got to know this man who they had only briefly become acquainted with months earlier, they came to appreciate his genuine love for their daughter. Knowing how cautious she had been ever since her failed marriage years before, they understood he had to be a special man to have captivated her heart. They gave him free reign of the house and access to anything he had need of.

Bobby came here only after Jenny and Lisa had talked the day after the incident with the trashed note. It didn't take long for Jenny to understand she had no choice but to let him go if she was ever going to have a chance of owning him for good. With Lisa she admitted her growing love for him and together they discussed their own relationship. They came to the mutual conclusion that so much of their own future decisions hinged on Deb's ultimate outcome and Bobby's resolve to either remain her slave or be set free should she die. Agreeing to table any further decisions affecting the two of them they put their plan into action and sent him north on the next flight out. Although not wishing malevolence on anyone Jenny believed Bobby would love her wholeheartedly once Deb passed.

Jenny and he parted company at the airport. His ticket was one-way. The return flight, she instructed, would only be paid when he called, asking to come home. They parted with the understanding this would be the make or break event in their own relationship. He'd either stay with her or return to Jenny. If he ever returned Bubby understood Jenny intended to collar and claim him permanently.

When Bobby took up residence at the Ashby's he put his past with Jenny aside. He had neither the time nor the energy to think of her and her intentions. Mistress became his complete focus. He began by establishing a routine that patterned a typical day at Mistress' Texas home. The day started normally with Bobby brushing her teeth, wiping her mouth carefully with an antiseptic wash and cleaning her skin with soap and water. Brushing her hair and applying makeup ( something about which he was more than capable) and selecting an outfit for the day completed their morning wake-up routine. After the morning formalities were finished, stretching every muscle and joint commenced followed by a general rubdown to stimulate circulation and excite her sensory system.

Breakfast followed and they ate together, usually with her parents joining them. While Deb was fed via a tube running directly from her nose to her stomach Bobby ate whatever Ms Ashby prepared. He passed everything by Deb and explained what was on the menu. He let her feel the firmness of grapes, smell the citrusy tang of orange juice or sniff the odor of cooked bacon, sausage or ham. Bobby made his breakfast as much of a meal for her as he possibly could.

Eating together as a family only happened after Bobby insisted they move a small table into the spacious sun room where Deb lay. He wanted her to be with people and participate in every family activity possible. In his mind, there was no reason she should ever be excluded.

Breakfast was followed by work, which at home meant Mistress met with clients or monitored retirement portfolios. Obviously she couldn't do this but by improvising, Bobby read the business sections of newspapers, the Wall Street Journal, Money Magazine, and any other financially oriented publication he could get his hands on. He shared stock and bond market trends, hired professionals in her field to visit and present on topics, speaking exactly as if they were speaking at a professional symposium. He forced her to think by creating a myriad of other related tasks such as posing various math problems to having her consider virtual portfolio scenarios or posing questions found at the end of academic business textbook chapters. He did any and everything to keep her mind current as a financial advisor and in the process he learned a ton.

His premise was based on the assumption 'she could hear and think'. With that construct, he set out to maintain her intellect. After their morning work, they ate lunch and then worked out. Bobby lifted weights and during his rests between each set, he ran through various stretches, mobilizing maneuvers and replicated typical movement patterns by passively moving her arms, legs, head and torso again and again in what the PT had termed diagonal patterns. During their workouts he encouraged her and imagined her yelling at him to work harder or complete yet another rep. Bobby responded as if she had yelled. Sometimes griping, sometimes complaining and sometimes laughing and telling her she needed to not be such a sadist. He kissed her, letting her smell and touch his sweaty body when it brushed against her soft skin.

Before dinner they read, ventured outside for walks with Bobby carrying her or pushing her in a tailored wheelchair to which she was firmly strapped. Sometimes they hung out and talked, watched TV or did other chores. Once he dressed her in warm clothes and carried her outside in the cold Oklahoma air letting her feel the cold winter bite at her skin. Once Bobby walked her to the barn so she could smell the cattle and hear the rustle of animals in the nearby stalls. He read stories. Some were from childhood books her mom found buried in attic boxes from when she was young. Others were borrowed from libraries and written from any genre he thought she might enjoy. He read Laura Ingalls Wilder Little House on the Prairie series, Tolkien's Trilogy, Tolstoy's War and Peace, Sparks's romance novels, Jane Austin, Dickens and more. The Ashby's soon made it a habit to join them at night and listen to him read rather than watch yet another hour of mindless TV. Together they absorbed themselves in the worlds of these famous and not so famous authors.

Sometimes Bobby took his fiancée out for car rides. He'd snuggle her in the back seat and give her a verbal description of what he saw and where they went while someone else drove. They went into town and heard the sounds of the city or drove into the country to listen to the dead silence of a winter's night, or the sounds of a million insects and peepers singing at sunset when the weather warmed.

He played cards, board games, told jokes and read letters from well wishers. He took her to movies, outdoor concerts and any other event he found of interest locally. Finally at bedtime he'd fondle her breasts. Despite the severe atrophy of her skeletal system, her breasts remained as beautiful and shapely as ever. Telling himself he wasn't a pervert for taking advantage of an unconscious woman, he treated her just as he did when she was full of life. He devoted time every evening to be appropriately intimate; kissing, touching her softly, sucking her breasts, caressing her gently and telling her how much he loved and cherished her for the woman she was.

Several weeks after arriving he decided to lick her pussy, just like old times. He knew she could feel him. Although she never gave any indication, he believed her mind was registering the various input he was bombarding her with. With that intention, he positioned himself between her legs and lovingly and delicately kissed, licked and probed the mistress he loved so dearly. Deb lay silent but he realized her flow increased with time. He could taste her fluid and when a silent rush filled his mouth, he knew she had orgasmed. It was so odd to think that something inside, in some portion of her mind had just experienced a wonderful overload of sensation while another part of her mind remained unable to elicit a motor response of any type. After bringing her to three silent climaxes he took care to clean her sex, making certain she'd not develop an infection. Every Saturday and Sunday he repeated his ministrations, knowing she was enjoying his attention.

Day after day he committed to give her his all. Bobby knew she had to wake at some point. It made no sense she was still alive if she hadn't a greater purpose in life. It was a belief he forced himself to accept. There had to be more to her life at some point. There just had to be.

After ten weeks of relentless work and no sign of improvement, her parents paid the airfare so Bobby could go home to his friends and family in Tennessee. They could see the wear on him from his efforts and knew it was a matter of time before he'd burn out if he didn't get a reprieve. Insisting he visit his family, they took him to the airport, assuring him they could hold down the fort for a week. After thanking them he reluctantly agreed and while away Bobby made time to visit his folks, his buddies, his old hangouts and even traveled to Riverton to see Sharon, Mariko and Jasmine. It was a good break although it passed far too quickly. On his way home he thought how nice it had been to have others dote over him. He needed this time away to recharge his emotional battery. He returned not quite as enthusiastic as when he had first begun but steeled himself knowing there was no one else to care for her with the same intensity he gave her.

Resuming the same routine on a Saturday, Bobby plunged into her rehab. Stretching, breakfast, work, lunch, exercise, reading, dinner, socializing with family and finally their bedtime routine completed their first day. Because it was Saturday, Bobby ended that day kissing her complacent lips. Then he moved to kiss her entire body. Taking his time he worshipped it, square inch by square inch, covering every part of her. He loved this woman, maybe more than ever. Bobby found it almost ironic how his love grew even though she was only a physical presence, completely devoid of personality. Yet, how many times since he began had he expressed this same desire to serve her until death took him away at some ripe old age?

Knowing he had nothing to lose he decided her parents needed to understand the truth of his relationship with their daughter. He had nothing to lose. There was nothing wrong with anything he did. Why hide such a precious secret when what they had was so special. At breakfast, two mornings hence a tangential topic to their female led relationship came up and Bobby took the ball from there. Sharing a PG version of how they met, fell in love and how he now defers to her as her submissive, he found her parents surprisingly receptive to what he had to say. Because they had an intimate and painful understanding of her past, including her first husbands' betrayal and ensuing rape, they saw the wisdom of their daughter's decision to only enter into a relationship in which she maintained full control. Using that as a springboard, Bobby shared Deb's vision of a female led relationship. He explained why he referred to her as 'mistress', that he used it as a reminder to her of her supreme control. Likewise she referred to him as Bobby but also as 'slave' or 'sub', titles signifying his subservience. No term was ever used by either party to demean or cast the other in some kinky light. Her parents seemed to understand and Mrs. Ashby brought the subject up again on several occasions. Bobby explained certain aspects of their life in greater detail although he treaded this road carefully. The last thing he wanted was for them to see him as anything but a man who loved their daughter and professed obedience to her.

Bobby moved ever closer to her pussy. His kisses and soft words of admiration flowed. After reaching her tummy and caressing it a hundred times with his lips, he gently spread her legs. Telling her how much he loved her, he planted soft expressions of affection on her mound and ministered to her with loving affection. Taking his time, he orally stroked her pussy until he felt the subtle change in her body. Deb's labia thickened as her excitement rose. Fluid now thoroughly coated her vaginal membranes and Bobby could tell she was silently enjoying his attention. Mingling licks, touches and massages amidst verbal expressions of love, he took her slowly to the edge of a gigantically tall chasm before letting her plummet over in ecstasy. Feeling the flood of fluid exit he gobbled up the sweet nectar and then licked her gently for several more minutes. He knew she preferred his attention after those sensory explosions. Lapping now, he remembered how she'd use to cry out and grab his head after climaxing. Now, he mused, she was still screaming but doing so in silence. He wondered if it felt equally good even if her outward response was passive. Laying his head on her tummy he rested, soaking her in, wishing her well and hoping to never leave her side.

When he felt her hand on his head he froze. He thought he had fallen asleep and dreamed. But feeling it again he knew he hadn't.

Bobby reached up, still uncertain that he had felt the pressure of her hand against him. He touched her hand and felt hit laying on him.

"Mistress?" He said excitedly and looked up. "Mistress, are you awake?"

When he rose to look he saw she was indeed looking at him. He couldn't believe it! Her eyes were open! She was awake! Tears began running down his cheeks. He had prayed for this for so many days. Now that it had come and he had no idea how to even begin to respond, nor what to do. Should he call 911? Dr Patrick? The nurse on-call? Bobby decided to do none of that. Instead he stayed exactly where he was and directed his attention on Debra.

"Mistress," he called once more into the unblinking stare of her gaze. He placed a hand on her forehead and caressed her face with the other." Are you awake? Can you hear me Mistress?"

Almost in a whisper she answered. "Bobby?"

"Oh Baby, I love you. I love you. I love you!" he repeated kissing her hand again and again.

"Squeeze my hand sweetheart. Squeeze my hand."

Her fingers moved slightly. It wasn't much but they moved. She moved! Those beautiful brown eyes returned his gaze. She was indeed awake!

"Wiggle your toes," he asked in a hushed voice. A moment later they moved. Again the motion was faint but everything was working and she was responding!

He cried out, "God, thank you! Thank you Jesus!"

Realizing she was mostly naked and that he had just woken the neighborhood with the exuberant outburst, he quickly slid her panties back up and covered her. He finished just in time. The commotion had roused her folks and they appeared moments later wondering what was going on.

"She's awake!" Bobby exclaimed, his face brimming with enthusiasm. "She's awake! I mean she's really awake!"

They hurried to the bed, one moving to either side of her head. Deb looked first at her mom and then at her dad, her eyes moving from right to left and back again. "Mom?" she croaked. "Dad?"

They too were just as shocked. They reveled in her few words. She had finally come back. After speaking softly to her for some minutes, Mr. and Mrs. Ashby grasped her thin hands. Bobby stood somewhat beyond earshot and watched, letting her parents experience this moment alone with their daughter. Her father, a deeply religious man, prayed, thanking God for returning her and seeing fit to unite her once more with them. Mrs. Ashby motioned for him to step closer and when he did she found his hand and clasped it warmly. Together they prayed while Mistress looked wide-eyed into the faces of those she loved most. Her world came suddenly alive in ways she could barely comprehend.

Deb remained awake for less than an hour before falling asleep. When she did the three attendees became suddenly struck with worry. Mr. Ashby called out to her and shook her body enough to startle and wake her. Deb insisted she was OK and within a couple of minutes fell back asleep.

"I wonder if that little bit of time awake exhausted her?" her mom queried.

When they considered the possibility they let her rest. For a gut-wrenching two hours they waited before she woke again. She appeared acutely alert and even smiled this time. Asking for water, Bobby let her suck on a wet cloth, not knowing if she was strong enough to swallow anything more. For everyone, her passage back to sleep continued to be unnerving those first few times until they fully grasped how weak her body must be. It was, as if she was in many ways, starting over as an infant, struggling to lift a hand, turn to the right or bend at the knee. All three remained at her bedside throughout the night marveling at the sudden change of fortune.

By morning, they were exhausted. Mom called Dr. Patrick with the unexpected report. They spoke at length. Out of that conversation came the news of his insistence she be transported to Phoenix for a complete evaluation and follow up care. Impressing upon Ms. Ashby the necessity of this, arrangements were quickly made. Understanding his concerns and promising to do whatever he asked, the Ashby's and Bobby readied Deb for the ambulance that would arrive the following morning. The ride to the airport would only taken an hour. Once there Deb would join an accompanying medical team and be flown west on a private jet. At Deb's request she asked that only Bobby accompany her. Knowing how much her folks had sacrificed their ranch work she begged them to come see her after she gained more strength and after they had gotten the ranch back and running properly.

Following an uneventful flight and two days of testing, Mistress was admitted to the Swan Rehab center. Bobby found an apartment willing to accept him on a six-month lease and the ordeal of strengthening her frail body began. Physical and occupational therapists, psychologists, nurses and a slew of others worked with her seven hours each day. Strength came painfully slow but within two weeks she was sitting and could maintain her head in a stable position with only occasional pillow support. Establishing a normal diet returned in measured increments. Initially Deb ate minimally. It wasn't until she could tolerate liquids and soft foods easily that the nurse extracted the feeding tube.

Debra couldn't believe how difficult it was to execute the simplest of tasks. Her mind understood what was required but getting her body to follow along was complicated at best. Brushing hair or teeth, painting fingernails, slipping on and off gloves, fastening a bracelet; it was as if she were learning everything for the first time. She had to think through each step with the utmost concentration and even then, it sometimes took days before she negotiated a successful attempt. Dr Patrick stopped by every other day at first and then once or twice weekly. Feeding off his compliments and prognosis she motivated herself to take on the more difficult assignments that lay ahead.

What snapped back almost from the day she woke was her intellect. She remained as sharp as a tack, her whit and humor no different than before the accident. Although asleep for nearly a year she hadn't lain mentally void. All of the stories, jokes, discussions and readings Bobby and others had read or voiced had been stored away and she recalled them often. She remembered him reading the Little House on the Prairie series and recalled her mom often gasping with worry whenever some potential tragedy assailed the family while Bobby read. She shared how frustrated she sometimes became when her father repeated simple multiplication tables over and over wishing she could tell him to shut up. Laughing, Deb thought back on many of the stupid jokes her slave read. She recounted with absolute clarity the confession he made when he revealed the intimate details of his life while living with Miss Jenny.

One evening about six weeks after entering rehab she decided to bring the topic up for discussion. Feeling alert and refreshed after a great workout and scoring some of her best marks on the various puzzles the occupational therapist had given, she relaxed in bed after having been bathed by her slave. The therapist hadn't given her the OK to stand in the slippery tub to shower but after luxuriating in warm water with him there to look after and tend to her needs it made that delay a non issue. She had more pressing goals. Besides, her legs still looked like a blend of a flabby old lady's-flesh stuck on an anorexic-model's body. She couldn't wait to get home and lay a barbell across her shoulders and start squatting.

After scanning through a recent People magazine she sat watching her slave working on a newspaper cross word puzzle. She could see most of the blanks penciled in with scrawl. He thrummed a finger absently over a blank line apparently baffled.

Without looking he asked, "Mistress, a five letter word for 'One subdued by Genghis Khan?"

She paused only a second before answering. "Jenny," she said softly.

"Huh?" He asked twisting awkwardly to look over his shoulder from the sofa he was sprawled on. "Jenny?" He asked stupefied. "Where did that come from?" I asked you who subdued Genghis Khan?"

"Jenny," Deb repeated with a wry smile. "Let's talk about Jenny. Put your puzzle away and come sit by me." She patted the bed. "You can work on that later."

Mistress had put on several pounds in the past month or so and when she raised her arm he could see hints of muscle starting to reform under soft pasty white skin. Even with the beginnings of muscle visible she still appeared so frail.

"Am I in trouble, Mistress?" He asked coming to sit.

"No Bobby. But we need to talk about what you told me about Jenny. I think the time is right to talk about her."

Sudden feelings of guilt, betrayal and embarrassment surfaced as he thought back to the night some three-months ago when he spoke for over an hour about his life with Lisa and Jenny. At the time he sensed a deep need to reveal everything and because she couldn't ask questions nor return his gaze he felt comfortable speaking his mind. Back then, he only hoped she could comprehend what he said. There wasn't that return look of concern or disapproval. Deb lay unmoved and as a result the words came easily. Now he felt no such confidence and had to fight to even maintain eye contact with the one he betrayed.

Mistress reached out and stroked his arm. "It's OK Bobby," her eyes seeming larger than normal on her gaunt face. "I put you into that situation because I thought it would be best if something happened to me and as you so eloquently divulged when I was at home, it appears I chose well."

"OK," He answered too quietly. Looking away he felt sick at the thought of where their discussion might lead. Returning her gaze he murmured, "It's you I love Mistress."

She smiled. Her eyes expressed both with gratitude and sadness. "I know Bobby. I know. But I did get us into a bit of a quandary by putting you in their home. Wouldn't you agree?"

"Only if you let it become one."

"Why do you say that?"

"Because if you handle this right there doesn't have to be lots of drama over me. But I agree; someone is going to get hurt.

"Someone?"

"Jenny," he answered quickly.

"But you love her?" Deb countered. "You said so yourself. Do you think I should just let you dump her with no regard for her feelings and all she did for me? And if I do that, won't you be crushed too?"

"But it's you who I love Mistress."

"I hear what you are saying, but you just mentioned you love me most. The day you told me about the two of you, you told me how you had fallen in love with her. So to say you only love me isn't true. You love both of us."

"I only felt that way because I thought you were never going to ever wake," he looked away breathing deeply. "I feel terrible about it now although at the time it seemed like the right thing to feel. I felt like I needed to belong to someone. I know it sounds so crazy now but that's the truth."

"I think your decision to open your heart to her after I was laid up for so long was completely normal - at least normal for you. You know," she rubbed his thigh and redirected their train of thought, "I had a nice chat with Mariko the other evening while you were food shopping."

"Mariko?" Bobby exclaimed wondering why she'd ever wanted to talk with her.

"Yes. It wasn't a long conversation but I asked her about you and what her thoughts were about you. I needed another perspective and she's the expert. I told her what you had shared with me about Jenny and your relationship; about how the two of you fell in love."

Bobby gulped. "What did she say?"

"The specifics aren't important for you to know but let's just say that by the time she was through sharing, everything fell into place for me."

"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"

Deb smirked and blew him a kiss. "It is a good thing."

"Mariko is a perceptive woman," he conceded.

"Yes she is." Deb shifted and Bobby jumped to help hoist her higher on the partially reclined bed. "I can do this my boy. I need to do this." Deb pushed his hands aside. Once she was settled she continued, "The gist of her take on you is you are a needy man. She didn't think you were insecure but definitely needy. Mariko doesn't believe you function well when left alone without some type of female authority. She believes your personality and the way she and my sister trained you, brought out that neediness. Mariko believes you will probably only thrive from now on when firmly positioned under a strong woman. I see no reason to disagree with her assessment of you."

"But you aren't like Mariko."

"Are you telling me you think her conclusions are wrong? Are you telling me I'm not a strong woman?" She smiled weakly.

"I'm saying you aren't like them. You don't savor beating a guy until he begs for mercy or go out of your way to make a man's life miserable."

"Who says I might not enjoy it. I might. Who knows? Just because I've never tried it doesn't mean I might not enjoy it."

Bobby frowned. "I think I know you well enough to know that's not your style." He winced as if thinking about some old memory. "And I'm glad you haven't explored that part of being a mistress."

"But you don't disagree with your need for feminine control."

"No," he answered truthfully. "I felt completely alone and out of sorts after your accident. That week, when you didn't come home," He grimaced thinking back, "was a living hell for me."

"And you felt better when Jenny took over as your mistress?"

"It was really awkward but I felt a ton better."

Deb could see the sudden calm cross his face at the mention of her. "Was that because she let you suckle her breasts or offer her body for you to serve?"

"Maybe." He paused thinking. "But mostly, it was because I wasn't alone anymore. I hated being in that house with no one else there. I felt completely abandoned and it wasn't a good feeling at all."

"So, you're telling me all you needed was company? That if I had let you stay with the Martin's across the street, you'd be just as fine? That's all you missed?"

He shook his head. "I needed more and you know I did. I know you were right to send me to Lisa's," he sighed. "I needed a mistress. As it turned out, Jenny was a good one."

"You two got about as close as a couple can get, wouldn't you agree?"

"Yes Ma'am," his answer coming no louder than a whisper.

"And you told her you loved her. Did you not? I mean, that's what you told me."

"Yes Ma'am. But ..."

Deb held up a hand. "And you said that only because you thought I would never heal. I understand the context of why you said what you did, Bobby; really I do."

"OK, then why are we talking about her?"

"Because she was an important part of your life for months and I think she'd say the same thing about you."

"She is a special woman," Bobby agreed.

"Special enough to give you up and let you spend all these weeks with me. Have you ever given thought to what she did?"

"I know it was hard for her to part with me."

"Yes, but have you ever considered that if she hadn't let you come and work with me that I may not have ever woken up? In some ways I owe her my life."

"I never thought of it that way." He remained quiet for some seconds before speaking. "I guess you're right. I know that decision was hard. It was hard for both of us. It was hard leaving her but once I got to your parents' place, you became all I thought about."

"I know and I believe you but I'm not sure what to do with her. I know things with her and Lisa aren't what they use to be and I don't feel right sending you back just to tell her your relationship is over. But it is and I don't know that I can bear to share you with her either."

His cock stirred at the thought but his mind remained fixated on Mistress. "I don't know either but if nothing is done she is going to keep wondering where she fits into all of this. Why can't you just tell her thank you for all her help and move on? I mean it was contract that she was following and now that contract is void. Wouldn't that be easier on everyone?"

"Easier. Yes, it probably would be. Would it be best for my ongoing friendship with her; probably not. I can't just say thank you and be done with her even if the contract is null and void."

"But why?" he said not getting this.

"Because her sacrifice when she let you go gave me life. That's why."

"Oh."

"I know Jenny is fully aware of the agreement between Lisa and me. She knows that because I'm recovering and able to supervise you again that document isn't needed and their responsibility with you is over. Not that it may not become valid again."

"Don't say that!"

"I'm just teasing," she protested."

"I do. I just don't like you talking like that. It scares me."

"But getting back to Jenny, you would agree that the two of you were in love?"

Without raising his head he answered, "Yes Mistress."

"It's really OK to admit that, my slave. I don't know how else to get across to you that talking about this is more important than you being afraid of hurting my feelings. My god, I mean, you left nothing to the imagination when you spilled it all on me that night."

"I didn't mean to hurt you. I just needed to clear the air and get that off my chest."

"We share no secrets," she reminded him. "Did it hurt, of course it hurt but you did the right thing. At the very least I anticipated Lisa would have employed you as a sexual servant; even if she has a preference for women."

"She kept her distance the whole time Mistress. Jenny was the only one I really interacted with."

"My guess is she wanted to see where Jenny's heart was."

"What do you mean?"

"Maybe she wondered if Jenny was missing a heterosexual relationship. What better way to find out than put the two of you together and see what came of your relationship."

"I think Lisa and Jenny both came to a better understanding of their own situation while I was there. It's not all you might think it's cracked up to be. They hardly ever spent time alone."

"That is interesting. Maybe they will rekindle their love, now that you're gone."

"Or part company as friends," Bobby suggested.

Anyway, getting back to Jenny, she filled a void in your life and did it well. She's a beautiful woman and," Deb grinned, "you think she's got some hot tits and perfect nipples?"

Bobby blushed. "I love you Mistress. Yes she is a cute girl," he answered trying to defray the impact of her remark.

"Is she a better kisser than me? Be honest."

He didn't answer for almost a minute. "Yea, she is."

"Hmmm, Maybe I need some of that silicone to plump these up so mine can rival hers."

"Mistress!"

Her smile brightened to that beautiful glow he loved seeing so much. "I wonder if Ty is a better kisser than Jenny. I mean, she's got full lips too."

"I don't know and don't want to find out."

Mistress laughed heartily before becoming serious once more. "You know sweetheart, I'm glad you had Jenny to lean on. I really am. She's always taken a back seat to us three models. I've always had a special place in my heart for her. If she hadn't been tied to Lisa I probably would have had her sign the papers instead but I couldn't do that because of her connection with Lisa."

"But she isn't bound to Lisa. She's not collared. She told me that one night."

"Not to get off the subject but do you feel bound to me as my personal slave?"

"I know I am Mistress, but the feeling isn't quite the same as when I had a collar while with your sister."

"I see."

He could see her mind racing through the possible scenarios of that train of thought but she didn't say more on the subject.

"So you're saying," Deb asked, "Jenny feels free to leave?"

"I don't know. All she said to me was, Lisa never collared her and it was evident they weren't super close while I was there. I drew my own conclusions about their level of commitment based on what I saw."

"Well I'm glad she gave you her body to enjoy. From what Mariko said, you most likely needed it to maintain your sanity while I was laid up." She was silent momentarily but continued before Bobby could interject. "I know how much my body satisfies you my boy. I can see it in your eyes." She smiled warmly, "Even though I don't let you cum all the time I know how deep your need is to be intimate with me and probably with any woman. It's a need you have that's as essential to you as as food and water is to me. So, I'm thankful Jenny didn't just use your tongue. I'm grateful she also let you enjoy her body. She did me a big favor in that way. Her generosity kept you mentally healthy. At least that's what Mariko thought it did and I tend to agree, even though I know you're embarrassed to admit it."

Bobby listened but remained quiet for some while. It was as if he was thinking back to so many nights when they shared with one another intimately. "It helped me more than you might understand Mistress, but her help came at the expense of where my feelings went with that intimacy. I mean, you were out of the picture for so many months. I didn't ever think you'd recover. If I did I wouldn't have opened my heart like I did. Like I told Jenny, I tried giving you up because I wanted her but couldn't. I just couldn't! I couldn't ever let you fully go." His emotions were getting the best of him. "When she learned that; when she found that note, she sent me away and, well," he shrugged, "here we are."

"Indeed we are." Mistress hit the remote, letting the head of the bed recline. "OK, I've talked about her enough for now. I need you between my legs Slave. Come and take care of me."

She let Bobby pull down the sheets and slide her panties down off her long boney legs. After getting himself situated he began kissing and worshipping her pussy. He loved his Mistress and felt so close to her right now.

"Think of me my Slave, but think about what to do about our situation with Jenny too." He looked upward wondering what she meant only to understand a bit more. "I need to resolve this somehow and I want your input." Deb grabbed his hair, capturing it in her fist and then pulled, forcing his mouth back down over her entrance. "That's better. Now make me cum but take your time. Make me beg to cum Baby. I love it when you lick me that way," she cooed. Deb moaned softly and then out of the blue she added. "Call Jenny tonight." She moaned again as juices percolated from her sex and waves of delicious emotions clouded away everything except her desire to be with him. "I love you Bobby," were the last understandable words and they came long before he finally brought her to a blissful climax many minutes later.

"Jenny?" It was the first time they had spoken since late December.

"Bobby?" Came the surprised voice at the other end. It had been months since she had heard his voice. She had mostly given up all hope of ever hearing from him.

"Yea, it's me. How are you?"

"Where are you?"

"Arizona."

"I know that!" Came the exasperated response. "Where are you? I hear voices."

"I'm walking to my apartment. I'm in Phoenix. How are you doing?"

"I'm doing OK. I'm just surprised to hear your voice. I didn't think I was going to ever get a call. Are you ready to come home to Miss Jenny?" Her voice contained a hint of hope and excitement.

"I'm sorry Jenny, I can't."

"Can't or won't?" The exuberance suddenly replaced by directness.

"Mistress told me to call you. I'm here helping her with her rehab."

"I heard she was on the mend. So why the call?"

"Because she told me to call you," he said once more.

"But why? Why call me? Why call now? Why call at all? You know what I asked."

"I know. I'm just doing what she said. I guess she wanted me to talk to you."

"I don't get it Bobby. Did something change?"

"No," he said honestly, "but we were talking about you tonight."

"What about?"

Bobby explained how he had revealed everything about their relationship - even the intimate details while she was in her coma, and how she had recalled it all upon waking. He shared about their discussion tonight and of Deb's concern to avoid hurt and how confounded her thoughts were regarding the tangled threesome.

"Confounded? It seems pretty clear to me."

"How's that?" He asked.

"She's awake. She's getting better and so you're going to be with her. I'm left here - I guess with Mistress Lisa even though that's not what I want now. Isn't that how it's going to be?"

"I don't know Miss Jenny. I don't make decisions. I just do what I'm told."

"Is that how you want it? I figured I was nothing more than a way point until you got her back." She was silent for several seconds and then added, "Sucks for me though."

He didn't answer.

"You still there?"

"I'm here," he said. "Just thinking."

"I wish you were here. I miss you."

"I miss you too Jenny. I really do. But I need to..."

"You don't need to justify what you are doing. I can see the writing on the wall. When I heard she had regained consciousness I knew we were through. It took awhile for me to accept it but I knew."

"I'm sorry Miss Jenny." He mused at the fact he still viewed her as such. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Sure."

"Did you like being my mistress?"

He could hear her smile through the phone. "I loved being your mistress, my slave. I didn't think I would but it didn't take long to realize how much I enjoyed supervising your every move. Why do you ask?"

"I was just wondering. I want you to know you did a great job. I liked serving you."

"Thanks Bobby. That's nice to hear. But it's kind of sad all the same."

"I know. It's sad for me too. I love both of you - differently I guess but both of you have become a part of me." He could hear her sigh at the other end.

"Maybe we shouldn't talk about those kinds of feelings, my slave. It's only going to make the hurt that much deeper. I need to be able to heal and move on somehow."

"OK, but I wanted you to know how I felt." He breathed deeply and felt the silence in the line agonizingly so. Finally he asked, "How's Lisa doing?"

They talked for another twenty minutes after the conversation turned to other topics not involving their relationship or what might have been. Bobby asked about Lisa and Tyaja and posed a request that she gladly offered to do for him. For as long as it had been since he had left Texas, relatively little had changed. Everyone was consumed by work mostly with only time now and again to party, go to a concert or socialize with friends. By the time they said their goodbyes they were both thankful they had talked. Their call enabled some wounds to begin healing. Bobby conjectured Mistress Deb knew all along how important it was for him to make contact with Jenny. He marveled at her intuition and knew in his heart she'd figure the rest of this mess out and bring it to a happy end for all.

...

One hundred three days after entering rehab, Mistress and her submissive walked through the revolving glass doors of SWAN rehab on a cloudless and hot Arizona morning for the last time. It felt wonderful to be walking hand in hand, knowing Mistress was through with her rehab. For the past month Mistress and Bobby had taken daily walks outside as part of her fitness regimen. Beginning with a pathetically short two minute stroll, the distances incrementally increased until Mistress now handled a mile with ease.

Rehab would continue but be limited to continuing to build strength and endurance. Deb had mastered every other facet of her recovery and the occupational therapists no longer needed to see her. She felt well enough to leave three weeks ago but remained only because of Dr. Patrick's' adamant request. He emphasized the need to ease back into life. He knew Debra well enough that once she was gone she'd attack her work at home with vengeance. And Mistress had been straight with him, letting the doc know she wanted to get back to a normal existence once she was released. Together they had settled on this compromise of a three week extended stay with no limitations when she left.

And exit they had! As soon as they were out the door and into their rental car Deb told Bobby to drive her to a downtown restaurant known for its beef.

"I'm dying for a steak," she said smiling and looking so much healthier.

"Your wish is my command."

"Then let's get moving slave boy".

Bobby pondered the comment. She hadn't ever called him 'boy' before but ever since she had been here it had been an hourly occurrence. He wondered if she was simply trying to remind him of who she was as his dominant of if there was something more to the new salutation. He admitted he liked the sound of it. It piqued his submissive side and stirred his desire to be known as hers more than she probably imagined it would.

"Yes my Mistress," he replied. "I love being your boy."

"Oh do you?" she smiled fiendishly and squeezed the mushy mass hidden in the depths of his crotch long enough to feel it stir. The vision of his cock made her own body rouse with passion.

The meal was excellent and the time together outside of the rehab facility even better. Mistress and Bobby headed to the airport two hours later and relaxed while watching jets taking off and landing. It felt so good to Deb to just enjoy these little things again. Walking where she wanted, sipping coffee that she purchased, and having her slave by her side once more. Life was getting back to normal! That evening's flight was the best. Bobby reminisced of the last time they had flown together in first class and how different their relationship was now from those first days.

"Maybe I should have you throw your underwear away like last time," she said with a giggle.

"You mean my panties? But I love this pair!"

"OK," she answered joyfully. "But just this time. Next time, I'm definitely going to have you speak to the steward about getting those panties of yours disposed of properly."

"Mistress!" He whined.

By the time they landed in the glorious state of Texas late that afternoon, Mistress had become her normal self once more. Having her finally healthy and whole filled Bobby with untold feelings of happiness. It was so good to see her coming back home! Opening the door to her BMW, he watched her trim frame pass by as she seated herself behind the wheel for the first time since the accident. To have her back, with him assisting from the passenger seat felt right, and indeed it was right. He belonged beside her as much as she belonged in control of her life, her desires and him. The realization of having them return to familiar settings, elicited an emotional response like he hadn't felt in months.

"What's wrong my lovely slave boy?"

Those words. He loved hearing those words. "Nothing's wrong. I'm just really happy."

"Why the watery eyes? It looks like you were about to cry."

"I am but those tears are coming from happy thoughts." He stroked her cheek, pushing strands of hair behind an ear. "I feel whole again. I love being right here and seeing you right there. This is such a good feeling, especially because I know we are going home."

"Me too Bobby. It's going to be nice getting back to living like we did. No more hospitals."

He grinned.

"And to start ordering you around again too," she added.

"You have been, even from your rehab room but I know what you mean. I've missed having you tell me what you want like in the old days. I need that." He said thoughtfully. "Too much of my energy has been spent worrying about you and helping you get your strength back. I've missed seeing the woman I fell in love with for too long a time."

"I'm still going to need your help, my slave. I haven't even thought about how long I need to wait before I can start running. I don't know how much energy I'll have once I start trying to get back to my normal life."

"I know you don't and neither do I. You can play it by ear and there's no reason to hurry. I'm sure you'll feel yourself sooner than you think."

"I hope so."

They drove in silence for a long while, watching the suburbs pass by as they headed further away from the city sprawl.

"Mistress, can I ask a favor of you?"

"You can ask anything once, Slave."

"May I throw you a party? You know, a coming home party. I'll only invite people you'd want to come, of course."

"Sure Bobby, I'd like that. But I want to wait at least a week. Talk to me tomorrow and I will give you a date.

Slave beamed knowing he could splurge and in the process plan lots of fun things he knew she'd love. He had been thinking about this for awhile and now had her blessing to put his thoughts into action.

Mistress handed him her credit card when they pulled off the four-lane and into a supermarket parking lot. He shopped for almost a half hour, flying up and down the aisles and receiving at least ten texts from Mistress as he did. All were reminders of groceries he needed to get. Most times he already had the items in the shopping cart.

"Did you get everything?"

"Yes Ma'am, everything you wanted."

She watched him shovel the assorted bags into the trunk and back seat. "C'mon, hurry up!"

"I'm hurrying," he said, half serious, half smiling.

When the car door shut and she backed out of their parking spot she spoke. "Now get undressed. There are no more stops on the way and I need to get my head back into mistress mode."

"Yes Ma'am!" he answered enthusiastically.

She watched the clothes shed and skin appear while keeping one eye on the road. Bobby's cock launched into an erection. However after several miles and their conversation turning to matters of the day it wilted.

"Get your pills from my purse and take one. I want you hard." As he explored the bag she added, "Take two."

"You do want me hard."

Mistress smiled and handed him a bottle of water.

Deb parked the car and walked inside her home. In some ways it felt as if it was only yesterday she'd been here and then again it felt almost forever since she'd walked on these floors. What caught her eye were the flowers. They were everywhere. Roses, peonies, orchids, and wildflowers galore filled vases in every room and hallway.

"Bobby!" she shouted. He came in running, his cock bulging at the seams and gigantically huge. Massive balls dangled below like ostrich eggs causing her to feel an ache in her loins. Instantly Deb felt a deep lust for him.

"Yes Mistress?" he asked; his concerned expression becoming radiant when he saw what she was looking at.

"I love you. I thought it would make you happy."

"But how?"

"I asked Jenny to deliver them. I called in the order on your card and had everything sent to her. I hope you don't mind."

"Mind? Oh Bobby, I love them! I love that you thought of me. And they're beautiful!" She wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a long sensuous kiss. "Thank you baby!"

"Thank you and welcome home." He found her lips and softly kissed them.

An hour after arriving and unpacking the couple relaxed on the back deck watching nothing in particular. They conversed while the heat of the sun basted them warmly. Bobby's raging erection still jutted from his body. He jumped when Mistress snapped her fingers and pointed to the ground, her empty wine glass still in hand. He smiled as he assumed the position on his knees, his hands resting on the top of his head and his hips pressed forward. Deb couldn't suppress a smirk as she watched him watching her. His eyes were wide and filled with wonder and she could tell she'd triggered some needy emotion.

"It's been a long time since I've done that. It feels good to reassume my role as your mistress."

Bobby listened intently. His heart pounded and his cock ached from the prolonged engorgement.

"I want something light for dinner tonight Slave. Maybe an antipasto salad would be nice. If we have all the ingredients twitch your cock twice." She watched him grin. Then his meaty member bobbed up and down and then up and down again making that yummy ache deepen further.

"Don't move," she said eyeing his schlong.

Returning she motioned for him to stand and when he did she dangled the two steel rings on her index finger. "These go on before dinner is served. Understood slave? You're freedom is over. I want you back on the old pill regimen beginning tomorrow morning. I want to see you hard like this from now on. You've been too limp for too long. I want you like this." She squeezed the solid pole jutting out and up. "Now, go make me dinner and don't put too much wine vinegar on it. I don't want it too tart. We'll be eating out side but over there in the shade."

Bobby didn't move and only when Mistress motioned with a finger did he retreat into the kitchen feeling saturated with submissive feelings he hadn't felt in months. He loved knowing she was well enough to exert her rightful dominance. So much of her energy in Phoenix went into rehabbing. Although she progressed beyond what everyone expected that focus took her mind off of him. Like most things she attacked every aspect of rehab with vengeance, leaving little, if any time for other aspects of life. Although Bobby remained at her side and although Deb knew he lived to serve her, she gave very little overt indicators she was his dominant. Having her make him to present, hearing her call him slave, and even better, calling him slave boy, and then sending him off to do her bidding provided him with a sense of belonging and desire to please. He hadn't felt this good in a long time.

Joyfully he mixed the various Italian cheeses, meats, and vegetables, topping everything with oil, vinegar and herbs. The platter smelled heavenly. When Bobby brought dinnerware outside to set the table, he saw Mistress sound asleep. Putting the salad in the refrigerator he sat waiting in a nearby chair until she woke almost an hour later.

"Are you ready to eat Mistress?" He asked as she arched her back and stretched.

"Mmmm, that felt so good. How long was I out?"

"Maybe ninety minutes."

Mistress shrugged her shoulders and stood. "Yea, lets' eat." He could still hear the sleep in her voice.

...

Jenny stood fidgeting at the front door. After running a brush through her silky blonde hair she knocked. Bobby answered almost immediately.

"Hi! He said standing naked. His muscular body aroused her almost instantaneously. "Come in, come in."

"Hi Bobby, you look as yummy as ever." Her eyes examined his sumptuous physique for the first time in months. "I see you still got the ups." She giggled, squeezed his plump rod and gave him a warm hug. "And I see you're back to being locked." She poked at the steel rings gripping his member.

"Some things can't be helped. What can I say? It's so good to see you. Can I get you a drink?"

"No. I'm here to see Deb. It's not a social visit."

"She's in her office. Is she expecting you?"

"Just see if she's in, my slave."

"Yes ma'am. Have a seat. I'll be right back."

Bobby called on the intercom and a minute later a thinner than expected Debra greeted Jenny warmly with a gentle embrace. The three chatted easily for a few minutes before Mistress ordered him to bring the women club sodas. Setting the drinks on a table between two office chairs he left. Just before closing the door Deb informed him they were not to be disturbed. He left wondering what to make of this mysterious meeting.

Jenny and Deb's conversation flowed easily for some moments as Deb recapped her time in rehab and brought her up to speed regarding what she could and couldn't do currently. Jenny asked lots of questions, marveling at how well she looked and at the quality of care she received. When the conversation turned to the future there was an awkward silence. Deb gathered her thoughts and plunged into the unknown.

"I want to thank you for all you did for Bobby and me," she began.

"You're welcome" she answered guardedly.

"I told him the other day that I don't know that I would have ever woken if you hadn't let him join me in Oklahoma. He was amazing Jenny. I mean he was a great caregiver. It made me wonder if he missed his true professional calling in life. He would have made a great therapist."

"He's a good man," she echoed." There's not much he isn't good at."

Deb wondered if there was more to her statement than the obvious but chose not to ask. "How are things with you and Lisa?"

The change in direction puzzled Jenny. "They're OK, I guess."

"OK?"

"Yea, we're doing fine. Why, do you know something I don't?"

"No, but things I've heard make me wonder if your relationship has changed."

"We're doing OK."

Deb could hear the reservation in her answers. "I need you to be honest with me Jenny. Is OK good enough? Is OK what you want out of life?"

It was Jenny's turn to decide how to answer. For so long she simply gave the expected one but she was certain Deb had suspicions, probably because of what Bobby had told her. "What the hell," she thought. It's not like the two women weren't use to discussing intimate secrets. "No. OK is not what I want. I think things between us have hit an impasse."

"How is that?"

"It's been building for awhile, maybe a few years now. I love Lisa but our mutual goals haven't been running on parallel tracks of late."

Deb listened and sat patiently through the silence that followed. Eventually she went on.

"We hardly ever sleep together anymore, Deb. I don't fault Lisa," she said more to defend her than anything, "but I miss that closeness. I miss her wanting me the way she use to. When you were hospitalized and Bobby landed in our laps everything that had been building came to a head. I think we both knew we weren't doing well but neither of us wanted to admit it. Our love life remained the elephant in the room we never broached. And to make matters worse Lisa gave Bobby to me. I have no idea why," she said grinning slightly, "because it only amplified our underlying problems. Well, actually I do know," she corrected.

"She's not a guy-loving girl," Deb said finishing the thought.

"Exactly." Jenny shifted in her seat before going on. "Deb, he opened up an entirely new world for me. I had no idea I'd enjoy dominating him. I thought I was a born submissive but I soon learned I wasn't. It was the oddest thing to wrestle with but I couldn't deny what I felt. The thing was, Lisa could see the change in me all too easily and after I sent him back to you we finally talked. So, to answer your question: we're just doing OK but OK pretty much sucks after having had Bobby as my slave."

"I thought so. Bobby told me quite a bit about the two of you. Because I knew of your past it was pretty easy to surmise things weren't like they use to be."

"I don't mean to change the subject but how are you and Bobby doing?"

"We're doing well. He hasn't changed a bit - mostly, anyway. I love him and he loves me. It's been an adjustment. Mostly he's been there helping me with the little things both before and after the rehab sessions. More than anything, Jenny, he's just been around. He physically supported me when we took walks and when I bathed. He kept the room organized and read to me, you know, doing things here and there, but mostly he just keeping me company and that's what I needed most."

"He is good company," she agreed. "He is more in touch with his feelings than any man I've ever met."

The remark got both of them laughing and they recounted several instances where he reacted almost like a woman. Deb told of his response on the way home from the airport and how he almost broke down crying just because he was happy; Jenny recounted how much of a cuddler he was, thinking back to them lying in bed with his mouth attached to her breast. She reminisced with a smile thinking back to how much of a surprise it was to realize he had this other side; this feeling side.

"Well, I'm sure he's quite content now," Jenny said. "Finally being home and all."

"Oh, I think he's probably got his ear plastered to the other side of that wall," Deb said pointing to the door but knowing the room was sound proof. "Having his two mistresses talking privately has got to have his curiosity piqued." She smiled.

Jenny chuckled and then became more subdued. "Why did you want to talk? I mean really why? Was it to tell me I needed to distance myself from him or did you want to set some parameters as to what I could and couldn't do? I need you to be straight with me. I don't want to go on not knowing what you do and don't want."

Deb leaned forward, steepled her fingers and rested the tip of her fingers against her chin. She watched Jenny visibly tense as if she was preparing herself for the obvious.

"Jenny," she breathed out audibly. "I've struggled with what to do with you for weeks and I don't know that I have a perfect solution but I want to offer you a proposal."

"A proposal? And what does that mean?" she asked now curious.

"I know Bobby has feelings for you and I understand you have similar ones for him. I also understand that without your decision to give him up, I'd probably be dead. What you did by letting him go means more to me than you might ever come to understand. In a way you saved my life and I for that I will be forever grateful. But you and I both know I'm not going to give him away. He belongs to me and that's not going to change. He is a wonderful man and I treasure him like no man I've ever known."

Jenny nodded as the truth she feared was revealed. She felt a sudden emptiness inside upon hearing Deb's overt claim. It wasn't like she expected anything else yet to sit here alone with her and have her say what she did almost provoked her to cry.

"Jenny, as one of the girls, you understand how he changed me. I couldn't even fathom dating a guy for years after my rape. Bobby gave me my life back. He showed me how to trust. He helped me overcome so many of my issues. For the past year, I've been happier than ever and I owe that to my sister. She gave me a precious gift when she offered him to me. She knew he was the kind of man I needed." She paused reaching out and clasping Jenny's hand. "Bobby's going to think I've gone insane but I want to extend a similar offer to you because of your generosity. You gave up Bobby when you could have kept him for yourself. You could have kept him with you and most likely I'd still be lying comatose in Oklahoma. If you hadn't done that, I know I would have died. I owe you something in return."

"You owe me?" she said shocked at what she was hearing

"Yes, I owe you but before I go further I need to ask you something." Deb could see her sudden interest and hear the hope return in her words.

"Sure. Anything."

"When you think of Bobby, what thoughts that come to mind?" She made a circular 'come on' motion with one hand, "Quickly, what comes' to mind," she said again.

Jenny smiled brightly. "Uh, his cock. His balls. How much he cums. How much he craves my affection. That little boy look he makes when he's feeling submissive. How good he feels when he's between my legs. How much he likes sucking my tits. I don't know. Lots of things come to mind."

"When you mentioned 'how good he feels when he's between your legs', what did you mean?"

Jenny blushed. "His tongue of course. He is amazing. He makes me feel things I never thought possible."

Deb laughed knowingly. "He is pretty incredible with that thing when he wants to be."

"He's beyond incredible!"

Deb sat quietly as if deep in thought.

Not able to constrain her excitement, Jenny inquired, "Why did you want to know?"

"Jenny," Deb said, "If I could take one thing back from what the two of you did while I was gone it would be the sex you two had."

Jenny stiffened. "I know you would. I'm sorry for that too now. Deb," she said welling with emotion, "If it makes any difference," she answered averting hers, "I never asked. I wouldn't have ever asked him to fuck me. Bobby was the one that kept telling me to. He almost insisted and so I gave in to his begging. You need to know it was him who wanted it inside me," she said pleading her case. "I never would have taken him otherwise."

With sad eyes Deb nodded in understanding. "He told me the same thing but I still regret that he did that. It wasn't his call to make, Jenny," she said leaning forward and lowering her voice. "The offer I want to give you comes with one stipulation."

"Anything Deb. Anything you want."

"You can't ever do that again, no matter what. That's a hard line for me you can't ever cross again."

"Sure, whatever you want but I still don't know where you're going with all this."

Deb blurted in one sentence what she wanted to know. "I want to know if you want to come live with us."

Her offer caught Jenny blindsided. Never did she expect to hear such an option. She sat with perfect posture on the edge of her seat. "I'm listening." Jenny answered quietly, her emotions belying her underlying excitement.

"If I have you pegged right, your love for Bobby has mostly to do with his physical attributes - his tongue and penis to be frank."

"His cock is a beautiful thing and his tongue is, well, it's wonderful but I enjoy him as a person too," she countered. Jenny was now completely engaged with where Deb was taking the conversation and the offer she seemed to be extending.

"You know I had Bobby enlarged when I learned it was possible. A doctor friend of my let me fuck different size cocks. It was the thick one that sent my orgasm off the charts. That's why I had her do the procedure. His cock fits me just right and, well, I have a thing about large balls and had them enlarged too after she told me she could."

"Whoever did that is one incredible doctor but for as good as he looks he's really too big for me. I mean, he feels good and all and he makes me climax but I'm so sore the next day. I think I'm just too small for him."

"You didn't like penetrating him?"

"Let's leave it that I've felt better. He's just so big. His tongue feels so much better. I enjoyed that every day. And I miss it," she said blushing.

"But you do enjoy playing with his cock and like the way it looks when he's aroused?"

"If I told you I'm getting wet now just thinking about it, does that give you an indication of how much I like playing with him?"

Deb smiled. "I think he probably makes most women wet when they first see him. Anyway, I told him last night I wanted him back on the pill. He's been off it for months and I like him mostly hard even though I'm not a big fan of giving him drugs needlessly. However I want to keep him primed with lust and wondered if you might want to help me in that way?"

"Help you how?"

"By being his Miss Jenny while I'm working. I would like you to feed his visual senses throughout the day with your body and your sexiness. I was hoping you would want to do that. If so, I want you to move in with us so you can be with him. You'll have your own room and will have my blessing to do whatever you want with him, except for sex. Your job would be to keep him aroused so he's horny and ready for me to have fun with later."

Jenny sat back with a thump thinking of the offer she'd just been presented. Visions of Bobby doing whatever she wanted for hours at a time flickered in the forefront of her thoughts and she could feel her pussy responding pleasingly.

"Now let me make sure I understand this," she asked feeling like the offer was too good to be true. "You want me to play with him, masturbate him but not let him cum, give him blow jobs, and enjoy his mouth however I want?"

"Amongst other things. Yes, I think you've got the idea."

"And you are OK with him licking me and touching my body?"

"That's right. You'll be naked just like him anyway. Who knows, just seeing you naked might be enough to accomplish what I want but you'll have to experiment."

"So I have to be naked too?"

"Jenny, if you agree to this you'll be my slave just as Bobby is." She paused letting the thought settle. "If it helps you can think of your status here as being a slave but one who is a few steps higher on the ladder than Bobby. But both of you will take orders from me. Your primary responsibility of course will be Bobby but I will expect you to treat me as your Mistress."

Jenny raised an eyebrow. "Oh?"

"Yes, you will address me as Mistress and I will treat you as the submissive you are. After all, you are one, at least partly so. You won't be Bobby's submissive of course and you can call him whatever you want but you both will be mine to do with as I please."

"You don't want me sexually though."

"I don't see that happening," she said flatly.

"Does calling him 'my slave' work for you? That's what I called him when he was with us."

"That's fine. Like I said, whatever you want is fine with me. I want him calling you Miss Jenny though. His role is to serve and obey both of us. Your role is to oversee him and obey me. My responsibility will be to oversee my two slaves. Fair enough?"

"So I'll be your slave?" She asked again, either not able or not wanting to comprehend that fact.

Deb beamed. "Yes Jenny. There can only be one dominant woman in this house. By virtue of that premise, anyone else living here is subject to my authority. Slave, submissive, servant, call it what you want but it's all the same to me. You will obey my rules. And besides," she said grinning slyly, "you just told me you thought you are a switch. This arrangement should fit your personality perfectly. You get to mistress Bobby and serve me all at the same time. Doesn't that sound like a perfect match for your personality?

"I need to think about this and I'll need to talk to Lisa."

"Absolutely. I don't want to take you away from her. I was hoping this might be amenable to everyone, and besides I could really use your business background to help me with my financial advising. What I'm looking for isn't hard but until I get my energy back I could really use a little assistance every now and then.

"I'll talk to Lisa. And thank you for thinking of me. I never expected anything like this."

"You're more than welcome. Like I said, I owe you a great deal. Give me a call after you two talk. Oh," she said standing to indicate their discussion had come to a conclusion, "he doesn't need to know anything about what we've discussed until you make a decision. I'm sorry I can't be more giving of my property. I know you want him but I'm not giving him up. I'm hoping this arrangement will satisfy your sexual needs and allow you to mistress him again. It's the best I can do. I can't give all of him to you but I am willing to share him a little. Call me selfish but I thought you might be able to bring out his slutty side. He is so beautiful when he is aching to please."

"I'm going to need to change my panties when I get home," Jenny said lustily. "I must admit," she said rising, "it's a good compromise and if Lisa isn't devastated with me moving here I'll accept your offer."

"Oh, Jenny?" Deb said as she reached the door.

"Yes?"

"I'm probably going to collar you too eventually. You will be come my possession. This won't be a temporary thing so think about it carefully."

She was silent as the thought of permanence entered the equation. To be collared was a big deal. "I don't know how I feel about that."

"It's nonnegotiable. My offer stands as a single package. Take all of what I have to offer or take nothing."

"Like I said, I'll give it some thought."

Jenny left the office and saw Bobby reading at the bar when she rounded the corner and walked into the foyer.

"That was quick," he said glancing up.

"Just a little chat. You have a wonderful woman to serve, you know."

Bobby smiled warmly. "I know."

"Are you staying? Going to work out?"

"Nope, I'm off. Got some errands to run."

Bobby stood and crossed the room to embrace her warmly; her small frame feeling good against his. Jenny stood on her toes and kissed his cheek.

"See you around my slave," she said with a giggle.

"Good-bye Miss Jenny."

...

That evening after relaxing on the back deck enjoying her favorite Pinot Grigio, followed by dinner, a leisurely stroll and four orgasms while her slave lay between her open legs, Mistress cuddled against his warm body. It was only a little after nine but she was beat and knew she would need more sleep than usual for the next while. Dr. Patrick had informed her she would be healing for the better part of a year and although she didn't particularly relish the news she understood the implications.

"Do you want to watch TV Mistress?" her slave inquired.

"No. I just want to cuddle. I'm worn out."

"Do you want to try and sleep?"

"I'm not sleepy, just weary; if that makes any sense."

"It does. It's how I get after one of your killer workouts."

Bobby could feel her cheeks move and smile against his pectorals. "I'll get you back into a routine soon enough, Bobby."

"I'm in pretty good shape. You'd be surprised. The lifting at the rehab center was a big help. I don't think I lost much."

"You feel good. I like feeling your muscles. Especially these." Deb nuzzled into the cleft between his chest and shoulders and pressed her head against him purposely.

"Thank you Mistress."

After a long silence Deb spoke. "Jenny and I had a nice chat."

"I'm glad you two are talking. I was hoping you would."

"Why""

"Cause I didn't want your friendship to suffer because of me."

"I don't think it did."

"Did you talk about it? I mean, did you talk about my time there?"

"A little," Deb said coyly.

Hoping to hear more he asked, "She really is a nice person. You couldn't have put me with anyone nicer."

"You mean Tyaja wasn't at the top of your list?"

"Ty wasn't on any list, Mistress." He answered lightening the mood.

"What do you know about Jenny? What I mean by that is, what kinds of things did you learn about her while you were there?" Deb climbed on top of him, placed two fists, one atop the other and rested her chin on the upper one so she could look at him. She blew Bobby a kiss."

"Lots of things," he answered after she settled.

"Tell me, umm, tell me 50 things about her."

"I don't know that I can tell you that many but I'll try."

"I like you trying. And I like you talking like this too."

He watched her smile. She always was so beautiful when she did and it never failed to melt away any resistance he might have to her dominance. Touching her ass and then the small of her back softly he closed his eyes thinking.

"She likes the color pink. She has two older brothers. She's lived in Texas all her life. Her parents are like yours."

"How's that?"

"They are very religious. She grew up Baptist. She was baptized when she was 14. She loves seafood as much as she does a good steak. She likes to dance. She likes watching Mayberry RFD reruns and Every Body Love's Raymond ones too. She is an animal lover although Lisa won't let her have one. She enjoys working out. She graduated magna cum laude. She didn't date until she was 15."

"Really?" Deb chimed in. "How did you learn that one?"

"It was a rule her parents made. One she said she hated but abided by."

"She said she was shy when she was a kid. She likes wearing four-inch heels." He laughed thinking of her wearing them. "She is a good listener. She's affectionate. She's patient and she's really kind."

"Now you're getting to the good stuff. Stay on that train of thought Slave."

"She's a good kisser," he said feeling himself flush. "She has the biggest nipples I've ever seen. She tastes musk. She doesn't have that sweet taste you have. She likes to talk when she gets horny. She wears size four jeans and a small top. She likes country music and Lisa tells me she knows about every line dance ever invented."

"You learned a lot about her," Deb interrupted.

"I guess so. Mostly from spending time there." Shrugging his shoulders he added, "It happened," he said dismissively.

"I invited her to move in with us." Her words came soft and easily.

Bobby looked at his mistress with a puzzled expression. "Why?"

"Because of what she did. You know how I feel about all of that."

"I do, but you didn't have to invite her to move in. She lives with Lisa already."

"I know I didn't and I know where she lives. If she comes, it will be because she wants to. I extended her an offer. It will be up to her to decide if she wants to accept it or not."

He was silent for almost a minute and Deb could see the wheels turning. "I don't get the move though. What's in it for her?" He asked trying to think things through.

"You. You're in it for her."

Bobby saw the devilish look form on her face. There was more to this than what she was saying. "Mistress, this doesn't sound good. I don't mean to say you made a bad decision but I don't get why you did this."

"I invited her because I feel like owe her a debt. And of course I asked her because I know she has a thing for you."

"She fell in love with me, Mistress."

"And you fell in love with her."

"I know I did. That's what scares me," he said raising his voice. "And you want to encourage that?"

"No, I don't. I asked her to come because I know she can keep you sexually aroused without me having to put you on higher doses of the pill. That was the offer."

"You want her to keep me hard?" he asked incredulously.

"Yes and my decision is final. This is no longer up for discussion."

"But the pill is a safer alternative," he protested.

Deb smiled but did so a little more forcibly. She hadn't appreciated the tone of his questions. Maintaining her composure she continued to rest her chin on her fists. "I know but I needed to do this. Call it an olive branch, if you will. She saved my life Bobby. Why are you so upset? I thought you would welcome her company."

"It's not that I don't enjoy her company but this is different. She'll be here all the time. I'm afraid Mistress. I don't want things to get between you and me. I don't want us to lose what we have."

"Neither do I. And they won't. She will be my slave just like you're my slave. If she ends up coming here it's under that condition. Her purpose will be to serve me and I've already established boundaries with her. She knows what freedoms she'll have and as well as the things she's not to do."

"Such as?"

"Such as, none of your business. She and I talked. She knows. I made everything black and white for her."

"Wow." He was quiet once more. "It's times like this when it's hard to be submissive," he answered solemnly.

"I don't want it to be hard. My intention is not to tear you in two. Don't think I can't see there is a temptation you'll need to endure. I'm trusting you to be strong and understand her purpose; her role within our family unit. She's off limits to love Bobby. All she is is eye candy to keep you ready for me."

"She's eye-candy all right. She's eye candy with a history. That's what scares me."

"That's because you've been away from me. When we get back into our old routine things will also get back to what we had. Your brain will get back to dwelling only on me too."

"Yes Mistress," he said resignedly. "Damn," he thought, "she was so beautiful." As he lay looking up at her and feeling her awesome body pressing lightly against his he knew there could only be one he'd ever really love. No one compared to her. No one. Not even Jenny. Not even the Jenny he fell for not that long ago. For as hot as she was, she wasn't in the same league as Mistress. No one compared to Mistress.

"I wanted you to know," Deb said softly. I don't know when she'll get back to me. It could be tomorrow but it might not be for a week and I have no idea what she's going to decide. She might not want to do this."

She slid off and rolled away, pulling at his arm. It was her signal for him to spoon against her. For the longest while they were quiet. Bobby's comments made Deb question her decision and now she hoped she had made the right one. His concerns verbalized the same ones she had questioned. Bobby and Jenny had fallen for one another but that didn't discount the fact that he was hers. He would always be hers and he would have to man up and see Jenny for who she was - a pleasure slave and nothing more.

Meanwhile, Bobby wrestled with how to handle his own emotions. He remembered how he felt just before he left for Oklahoma to care for Mistress. He had emotionally bonded with Jenny - at least to some degree. It was those feelings that made him to want to push Mistress aside, and he had tried repeatedly to do just that. He told himself a thousand times to let her go. He knew she'd never get better; that he'd never be able to love or be with her again. He had tried to only love Jenny and at some level he had. Yet he couldn't ever get Mistress out of his head. After Jenny had found his note she knew what she had to do. Sending him away was the hardest thing she could have done. Bobby understood how agonizing that decision had been. Only then, only when he returned to Oklahoma did he allow himself the possibility of loving Mistress once more and only when she awoke did he slowly release Jenny from the recesses of his heart. He wasn't certain he could keep her away now that she might come back into his life.

"Are you doing this because you think she needs me too, mistress?" He whispered not knowing if Deb was awake.

"Kind of."

"Maybe she should just find a slave like you did. It would solve a lot of problems."

"What's the chance of finding a good one? It's not like there are a thousand of you out there."

"There are more guys like me out there than you might think."

"I need to sleep Slave. I don't want to talk anymore about this tonight. Just hold me and think of me."

She placed the flat of her hand over his and pressed it tighter against the breast he was cupping.

"Wow." He was quiet once more. "It's times like this when it's hard to be submissive," he answered solemnly.

"I don't want it to be hard. My intention is not to tear you in two. Don't think I can't see there is a temptation you'll need to endure. I'm trusting you to be strong and understand her purpose; her role within our family unit. She's off limits to love Bobby. All she is is eye candy to keep you ready for me."

"She's eye-candy all right. She's eye candy with a history. That's what scares me."

"That's because you've been away from me. When we get back into our old routine things will also get back to what we had. Your brain will get back to dwelling only on me too."

"Yes Mistress," he said resignedly. "Damn," he thought, "she was so beautiful." As he lay looking up at her and feeling her awesome body pressing lightly against his he knew there could only be one he'd ever really love. No one compared to her. No one. Not even Jenny. Not even the Jenny he fell for not that long ago. For as hot as she was, she wasn't in the same league as Mistress. No one compared to Mistress.

"I wanted you to know," Deb said softly. I don't know when she'll get back to me. It could be tomorrow but it might not be for a week and I have no idea what she's going to decide. She might not want to do this."

She slid off and rolled away, pulling at his arm. It was her signal for him to spoon against her. For the longest while they were quiet. Bobby's comments made Deb question her decision and now she hoped she had made the right one. His concerns verbalized the same ones she had questioned. Bobby and Jenny had fallen for one another but that didn't discount the fact that he was hers. He would always be hers and he would have to man up and see Jenny for who she was - a pleasure slave and nothing more.

Meanwhile, Bobby wrestled with how to handle his own emotions. He remembered how he felt just before he left for Oklahoma to care for Mistress. He had emotionally bonded with Jenny - at least to some degree. It was those feelings that made him to want to push Mistress aside, and he had tried repeatedly to do just that. He told himself a thousand times to let her go. He knew she'd never get better; that he'd never be able to love or be with her again. He had tried to only love Jenny and at some level he had. Yet he couldn't ever get Mistress out of his head. After Jenny had found his note she knew what she had to do. Sending him away was the hardest thing she could have done. Bobby understood how agonizing that decision had been. Only then, only when he returned to Oklahoma did he allow himself the possibility of loving Mistress once more and only when she awoke did he slowly release Jenny from the recesses of his heart. He wasn't certain he could keep her away now that she might come back into his life.

"Are you doing this because you think she needs me too, mistress?" He whispered not knowing if Deb was awake.

"Kind of."

"Maybe she should just find a slave like you did. It would solve a lot of problems."

"What's the chance of finding a good one? It's not like there are a thousand of you out there."

"There are more guys like me out there than you might think."

"I need to sleep Slave. I don't want to talk anymore about this tonight. Just hold me and think of me."

She placed the flat of her hand over his and pressed it tighter against the breast he was cupping.

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 11
byKatiekatsman©

Jenny didn't' bother ringing for Deb the following morning. After talking with Lisa and getting her blessing, she closed the door to her former way of living and knocked on another hoping she had made the right decision. On the other side stood her old slave, towering over her and looking as sumptuous and handsome as ever. Grabbing him by the cock and without preamble she knelt at the threshold and took him fully - or as much as she could fit – into her small mouth. In seconds she felt him spring to life and grow steadily while she pumped it in and out, slathering it with her saliva and observing its glistening reflection before her.

"That's better," she said after standing. She squeezed the swollen shaft firmly and smiled brightly looking up into his pretty blue eyes.

Bobby stood silently and appeared a bit surprised and more than a little taken aback.

"Don't just stand there, my slave, keep stroking it!" Jenny stepped past him and into the foyer.

Bobby finally spoke. "So this is how it's going to be?"

Jenny squared herself, "Keep stroking, and yes, this is how it's going to be. Why," she said inclining her head with eyes filled with a playful expression, "didn't you like me doing that?" Not waiting for a response, she said aloud, "I guess I best put on my work outfit. Will you help me, my slave?" She handed him article upon article of clothing as she slowly undressed. Her shapely and naked body came into view a little at a time. When she was through, she stood with hands on hips, and nipples already tense and swollen atop creamy breasts. She watched Bobby take her in. Standing still she gave him ample time to do just that. She had all day and was in no hurry whatsoever.

"Keep stroking, but," she pointed to the closet, "is that where my clothes go? If so, hang them next to yours."

When Bobby closed the closet door she wrapped her arms around her old lover's neck and bent his head down to meet hers. Jenny planted a soft lingering kiss on his lips. When he responded she kissed him again, and again, taking the liberty of exploring his mouth with both lips and tongue. Feeling his hesitation and reservation melt she continued with the gentle lovemaking. His cock periodically throbbed against her soft belly.

"That's it," she finally said in a soft and sensuous voice, "I like those kisses. Don't stop." She kept at it, kissing him and letting him kiss her. In time she led him into the living area and to nearby sofa where she pushed him down and fell atop, letting their warm naked bodies mesh. She found his lips once more.

It was a long time before Jenny broke the embrace with a smile. "My guess is you know why I'm here. My job is to keep this hard." She wiggled her pelvis on the stiff pole pressed between them. "I intend to do just that and I expect you to obey me without the slightest hint of reservation. It's going to be almost like old times Bobby. You'll be my slave and I'll be your appointed mistress. "Doesn't that sound like fun to you?"

He didn't reply immediately. He wasn't sure what to say. One part of his mind knew he stood on dangerous footing; another was thrilled she had come back; a third wondered how Mistress would blend a third person into their home without also bringing a ton of drama along with the addition. "It's good to see you, Miss Jenny."

"Ahh, you remembered my name. How nice," she said a bit sarcastically. "Now let's see if you remember these." Climbing off, she sank to the floor, grabbed a few pillows and leaned back against the front face of the sofa. "Come here."

Bobby got up and saw her hefting a breast with one hand.

"Time to cuddle, my slave. Come," she said softly.

Cradling him across her lap she supported his head while he latched on and tenderly sucked her swollen encouragement Jenny provided were periodic strokes to his penis, whispered affirmations and gentle strokes along his forehead, cheek and neck. She wanted him hard, but she wanted Bobby to want her even more. Staring down at him now and seeing how easy it was to trigger his need for closeness she watched. His eyes remained closed and his mouth rhythmically drew and partly releasing the marble sized pebble from within his lips. Jenny smiled. She could tell he wanted to be here and she knew her tits were one of his turn-ons. This was going to be a perfect arrangement!

Deb entered to find the naked couple where they had been for some while. "OK you love birds, take a break. We need to eat. Bobby, make a nice salad for the three of us." Her words came out in short quick orders caring not whether she had interrupted something intimate – which she had. "Jenny, have a seat. We need to talk." She pointed to the door leading to the back deck and soon the women exited leaving Bobby alone in the spacious kitchen.

Over lunch, Debra laid out the parameters of the new arrangement to her two slaves. Spelling out the specifics to both, even though everyone knew her underlying intent, she explained that Jenny was here for the express purpose of adding an erotic component to Bobby's life. She let it be known she could do anything and everything shy of Intercourse to keep him aroused and expected Bobby to obey her word as law. However, Mistress cautioned, she was not to infringe upon his daily responsibilities of kitchen and house duties and explained, using one of the iPads, how her system of organization was laid out.

"I'm going to add a tab for you so you will know what I need you to do, if anything. That way there will be no excuses for either of you. Bobby has his chores down pat and can help you with anything I put on your schedule.

Jenny looked wide-eyed, not expecting she'd have housework to do.

"Now it's not that you can't have some fun with him while he's working but if I have need of you to do something I'll expect you will check this often so I don't have to seek you out" she said. "Mostly, I'll need you in the office every now and again. He can handle the house just fine."

Deb made it clear Bobby was to cut his Viagra use in half in lieu of Jenny's role in keeping him aroused. She expected Jenny to work to that end throughout the day as well as when she was with them. For now Deb would leave what she did to her discretion and how things went.

Both were reminded of her mandate to remain naked with the usual exceptions of dressing to greet visitors and whenever they left the premises. What Bobby was previously unaware was the pecking order Mistress now revealed although it only made sense when he considered it from afar. He would obey both women while Jenny was only subject to Mistress' orders. Soon after the fifteen minute speech, Mistress stood, pointed to her feet for the two slaves to kiss them and departed to her office.

"Take me to my bedroom, my slave," Jenny demanded. "I want to have a look."

Bobby stood waiting but she remained seated. "Are you ready?" He asked.

"I am. Are you?"

"Yes Miss Jenny. It's this way," he motioned to the stairs knowing she knew the layout of the house already.

She continued to sit, a suggestion of a smirk forming on her face. "I'm waiting," she said softly.

"So am I."

"I'm waiting for you to carry me, my slave."

"Oh! Then why didn't you tell me." Bobby chuckled as he effortlessly lifted her svelte body. Wrapping an arm around his neck, they walked down one floor and then partway down the hall to the room adjacent to Mistress' bedroom.

"I like it!" she said standing and entering the room for the first time. It was painted a pastel green and measured approximately 20x20. Although Jenny had walked the halls on multiple occasions, she never really took notice of the details of the five bedrooms spread comfortably on this level. Walking around she took in the king-size bed that occupied the center far-wall. A dresser, two nightstands, a desk and three chairs were tastefully positioned throughout the room. On the far right a door led to a full bath, a humongous walk-in closet and more than adequate vanity area. Jenny pulled the spread down and plopped playfully onto the bed.

"Let's make out, my slave. I'm feeling horny."

Bobby crossed the room and was about to join her when she held up a hand indicating he should stop.

"Stroke your cock first. I want to see you play with yourself." She grinned, formed an 'O' with her thumb and fingers and mimicked a masturbation motion.

Obediently he faced her and grabbed the semi-erect appendage and began pumping the drooping sausage.

"I like watching you get hard," she cooed tenderly. "I bet you like how it feels don't you?"

He smiled understanding her intent.

It took only a few seconds for blood to inundate the three tubular compartments and force his shaft to stand away from his body obnoxiously at a 70 degree angle. Jenny rolled toward him, reached out and fondled his balls.

"I want you to get close to cumming. Keep stroking until I tell you to stop."

She leaned over enough to lick his slit and taste the first of the clear pre-cum. Soon it flowed freely, covering the soft sensitive head and falling onto the sheet below.

"I'm getting closer," he grunted huskily.

"Keep going. Your balls aren't even drawn up yet. Do you really feel like you're going to spurt?"

"Not quite but I'm getting closer."

"How good does it feel, my slave?"

"Pretty good."

"C'mon then. I want it to feel really good." She arched over onto her back, slid her head between his thighs and licked his balls. "You like this view of me better?" She asked between tongue strokes.

"Yes, Miss Jenny."

"How good slave? Talk to me while I lick your balls." She lapped at them and then spoke again. "I like feeling your sweet nectar hitting my chest. It's making me wet." She spread her legs further apart so he could easily see the slit of her shaven flower moisten and blossom.

Bobby moaned. "It just feels good Miss Jenny. It's hard to describe." He watched several more droplets of the thick clear fluid fell in the valley between her soft mounds.

"Keep talking." The words came out garbled as she opened wide but was unable to even come close to getting even half of the sensitive orb inside.

"Oh Miss Jenny, you feel so good. You make me feel so horny. Mmmm."

When she saw his balls advance upward she reached up to steady his hand. "Just go nice and slow. But don't stop.

For ten minutes she let him jerk off, sometimes halting him for a bit, sometimes encouraging him to increase his pace. By the time she slid out from his legs both breasts were covered with his juice and a puddle filled the hollow at the base of her neck.

"Lick me clean my slave." Closing her eyes she lay relaxed feeling his lips and tongue move over her soft skin and listened to the sucking, slurping sound of him gathering what he could. When he finished Jenny pulled him onto the bed and they made out for a long, long time.

Mistress paged her two slaves at 4:30. They had not left Jenny's bedroom all afternoon. Bobby heard the soft voice over the intercom ordering him upstairs just as he was about to bring his new mistress to one more delightful orgasm. For the past hour her slave had ever so gently and precisely brought her body to this point. Making out, eating, sucking her nipple, licking some more, kissing her neck and working his way back down to her sex where he finally remained, he deftly brought her arousal to fruition. At the time of the page from somewhere upstairs she was ever so close to exploding. His tongue licked and titillated the darkly pigmented inner folds of her sensitively that now pulsated and yearned outward like hands reaching for more; desperately wanting to receive his tongue as a means to plummet over the precipice.

"I need to go," he whispered and started to rise.

"No! Just make me cum now. Please! Please don't go. I'm so close. Don't leave me like this," she gasped, her body trembling and her mind in a haze of near ecstasy, desire and lust. She desperately needed this climax and she would be damned if he was going to leave her hanging. Not waiting for an answer Jenny grabbed his hair and pulled him forcefully between her open thighs and held on.

"I said, make me cum and I meant it! Now do it!"

Obeying like the sub he was and forever would be, he heeded the pressing command and seconds later with a pillow pulled tightly over her mouth brought his mistress to a violent climax.

"I have to go Miss Jenny. I must go!" Sliding toward the foot of the bed he pulled free of her grip while she lay still shaking. Hastily rising, Bobby wiped his face on the bed sheet and hurried upstairs.

"I don't appreciate having to wait." He heard her words of irritation before he rounded the bend and found her standing on the landing atop the stairs. Looking up he saw her fixed with arms crossed and feet spread. Her position barred his passage but she looked as sensuous as ever, even while angry.

Bobby halted three steps from the top feeling embarrassed. "I'm sorry Mistress."

"Did she tell you to stay?" ignoring his apology.

Bowing in shame he answered, "Yes ma'am."

"Who is your mistress, slave?"

"You are."

"Then you need to respond immediately. Don't make me punish you. I will not tolerate you making choices other than keeping me as your first priority," her voice sounding stern. "Now go make dinner."

...

That evening while Deb sat cuddled in the arms of her slave, Jenny knelt between his legs playing with his cock. Throughout the evening news and the show that followed, she had kept Bobby hard, much to the pleasure of Mistress Debra.

His cock remained a free-flowing dribble of clear nectar that coated the sensitive velvety skin. Periodic grunts and gasps sometimes interrupted his thoughts while he distractedly conversed with his Mistress. Mistress paid little attention to the cute blonde other than giving her an encouraging smile while her slave found it almost impossible to not watch what she did to all parts of his nine-inch rod and massive balls.

While Deb talked about her day at work or voiced opinions on the politics of the world at large, Bobby couldn't help but think how nice Miss Jenny's hands and mouth felt and how sexy she had been toward him ever since early morning. It was an unbelievable thought to consider that every day would be like this. That thought alone made him hard with desire for Mistress. As he watched the police drama on TV he glanced often, watching her full lips, now puckered around the side of his shaft and sliding up and down. He felt her hair brush against his legs as she moved. Feeling those delicate hands and fingers fondling his balls and tracing circuitous lines over his body he had a hard time staying focused on Mistress or the TV. He groaned when she stroked his shaft both Mistress and Jenny giggled. Miss Jenny was indeed back in his life and came back with a fury like he had not before felt. His heart went out to her just as Mistress pulled at it in the other direction and as they did he felt as if he was being psychologically ripped in two.

"Time for bed my slave," Deb said and then hit the remote to power off the 60-inch flat screen.

Holding out two hands, one for each slave she brought them to their feet and led the way down stairs. Jenny said her goodnights while Deb grabbed Bobby by the cock, pulling him along into her bedroom.

"Shut the door and get yourself ready for me. I can't wait to put you inside me!"

When she finally returned Deb sat astride his muscular frame. She smiled, her eyes sparkling in the distant light coming softly into the room through the partly open bathroom door. Now, he could finally focus on her and become enraptured in her beauty without distraction. Clutching her waist, his thumbs and index fingers rested on her lower ribs. He held the love of his life in his hands and admired the absolute perfection of her face and form.

"I love you so much Mistress," he said softly. "You are so beautiful."

She grinned appreciatively, the underside of his cock pressing into her cunt and tummy. Reaching down Deb pulled it against her body and sighed.

"I missed you today. It was the first day we hadn't spent most of it together."

"I know. I missed you too."

Bobby ran one finger up to her breast, touched one nipple and then the other and made a kissing sound when he touched each. "You have perfect breasts."

"Thank you. And you have a perfect cock." She extended her hips until she had him pointing into her entrance and slowly lowered. Her body shuddered as he filled her to capacity.

"Oh Bobby," she said breathily.

"Enjoy me. Just enjoy me." He could feel her weight pressing down onto the tip of his rod as she tried to take all of him.

"I want you. I'm going to take you. I'm going to make love to what is mine." She pinched his cheek. "To you."

It was those whispered words that captivated him. Jenny was nowhere to be found, not even in the hidden corners of his thoughts. He assisted his mistress while she took him, lifting her up when she rose, letting go when she fell. Soon she placed two hands on the front of each shoulder and assumed a rhythmical pattern. His cock stimulated her like it always did – magnificently. This was the first time in months that she had taken him in her own bed and she wanted this night to be one she wouldn't soon forget. She was tired but she needed him and she had felt his desire all evening long. Jenny had done what she hoped. She brought out his lust. Deb had observed his eyes looking at her throughout their time together tonight. She also felt his loving arm around her. She enjoyed his hands exploring her body. She smiled whenever he reached over to kiss her ear or side of her neck. She could sense his desire to please when she arched back and over, offering her lips. Deb felt the tremors of his sexual stirring and smiled knowing how horny he'd be when she finally took him. Never once did she view Jenny as a threat. Although beautiful she never doubted Bobby's commitment and although this was a step into the unknown, right now, it was paying the dividends she hoped it would.

"What are you thinking, my love," she asked.

He pressed upward, pushing his manhood into her. "About you. About how I love when you take me. I love being here, being used." He groaned and she continued to move.

He had that look; the one that made her feel as if she could do anything and he'd let her; the one in which she could say or ask anything and he'd be completely honest. "What else."

"About how much I need you. How badly I want to be yours. How much I want you to take every part of me and make it yours."

"I want all of you tonight." Her thrusts became more purposeful as her climax neared. "You belong to me Slave. Only me. Not her. Only me," she said amidst raspy breaths. Moving faster still she lifted and fell, pistoning on the swollen penis. Hurriedly she pumped and as she did she felt something so deep inside yearn with desire. She pounded on him with each descent. Bobby too started to groan as her vagina milked him with each lift and fall. She started crying, uttering little screeches as her orgasm came closer. That inner feeling, the one she had never felt before grew. It was as if she had some deeper desire that was more potent, more aching and more desperate to take him than ever. She pumped again and again, feeling her slave's strong arms lifting and pulling her with every stroke. Finally she came.

"Ohh, ohh, ohhh, ohhhhhhh, ooooohhhhh mmy godddd," she gasped. Her body shivered and shuddered as she reached the edge and then exploded. "Agggghhhhhhh!!" she screamed and then fell hard on his pole.

When she did it was as if a secondary but more powerful explosion was triggered deeper inside. It felt as if some subterranean force had awakened. It was like nothing she had ever felt nor could she begin to describe but it felt so very good. Bobby watched as her eyes rolled back into their sockets and she went momentarily limp in his arms. And then she arched, every muscle in her body tensed. Then she cried - no screamed. At first she frightened him but he intuitively sensed she felt an intense pleasure. That's when he felt it. Just then, just as she screeched again Mistress sank completely on him. Bobby felt the pressure on the tip of his cock suddenly release. When it did felt her pubis fell hard against him. He was in! He was all the way in for the first time!! Mistress lay full on his front, her fingers raking over his shoulders, her back remaining tensed in one gigantic spasm. Her body shook uncontrollably in a way he had never before seen. Her face contorted in some expression of agonizing joy. And then she cried out in loud gasps,



"Ohhhhh. Grrr, Ohhhhhhh."

On and on came her grunts and groans. Her breathing came in violent spasms as if she was trying to control some excruciating internal pain yet he knew this was far from pain. He knew her cervix had finally opened; that it had 'yawned' as Dr. Layla Richardson had once stated was possible. He felt nothing other than her muscular vaginal muscles clamping down on his cock and her cervical sphincter squeezing him just below the coronal line. Bobby strained to repress the urge to ejaculate due to the eroticism of Mistress' response.

When she felt him pull his cock out ever so slightly some seconds later that minute movement triggered another round of exquisite sensations. She couldn't believe the intensity of the phenomenon. There were no words to describe her body's response or the strength of her feelings. It was as if she was experiencing some form of out-of-body experience, infused with lust, love, passion, desire and a craving for complete and total union. Deb clung to her man. Wanting to kiss every part of him at once. She ached for this feeling to never end and craved his body like never before. It was as if she wanted to express the depths of her love for all he had done on her behalf. Way inside it felt like an immense dam had suddenly open and permitted her the honor of feeling such exquisite feeling and emotions.

Bobby moved again and once more the process repeated. A minute later he moved again and did so with the same result. For several minutes Mistress lay completely ravaged in spasm, completely unable to control her body. She remained overwhelmed with emotion. Tears flowed down her cheeks, nails tore into his flesh and arms enveloped her submissive treasure. Finally she lifted, pulling him free from her cervix but keeping him deep inside her vagina. Bobby rolled to one side, knowing if he didn't he'd penetrate her inner chamber again. He held and kissed her while she shook and raked the fingers of one hand down and across his back. Cradling her tightly he squeezed.

"I love you. I love you, Baby." He said. Rocking and holding her body he embraced her trembling body until the titanic contractions finally transitioned into manageable tremors. Only then did she begin to relax. Only then did she begin whimpering and sobbing.

"O-h, ohh - Bobby," she said with difficulty. "Than- thankk-ya-ya-you."

The mistress and her slave snuggled for a long while. How long, neither could remember. It was as if time had somehow lost perspective. Deb pulled herself tight against his. Feeling his intrusion still inside Deb kept him there. He felt so good all the way in. So good she didn't' want him leaving anytime soon.

Bobby held on. He didn't want to move either. He didn't want to disturb the euphoria surrounding what they both felt. This was indeed a special moment and although he hadn't sensed anything like what she did there was an overwhelming sense of desire and appreciation for Mistress. His cock had done this to her! His cock had made her feel this. His cock, the one she had spent thousands on to alter for this very purpose had finally made her feel what she had always wanted. Kissing her head, he thanked God for blessing his life with such as special woman.

"I love you Mistress. I love you. I will always love you." His words came out silently. She didn't need to hear them. She already knew, but he needed to say them to himself. Why? Not even he understood why but something inside told him he must. Again and again, he told her silently how much he loved and appreciated all she had done for him. He thanked God for returning her to this bed healthy and whole. He thanked her for taking charge of his life, for giving him a purpose to live and for being the woman she was.

Eventually even Bobby fell asleep. Hard, swollen and still buried inside. When he woke, he felt as if he had been dreaming; dreaming of the passionate night he had shared with her earlier. Only this time she kept pumping him and he was unable to control. He woke just as he exploded; his cock spurting load after load of creamy white nectar into her body.

"Mmmm," he heard as he became alert enough to realize it wasn't a dream.

"Aggggghhh," he grunted as he came again.

"Mmmmm, that's it."

And then he realized it hadn't been a dream. Mistress was still moving; for how long he couldn't recall but she had brought him to his own climax.

"Ugggghh," he grunted as three more spurts filled her to overflowing. He could feel the warmth of his juice covering one thigh. Another few pumps brought more of the sticky cream out of her hole and onto their legs.

"Lick me, my slave. Clean it all up."

Heeding the soft words and feeling her release the embrace that joined them, he moved to her flower and did as he was told. Mistress lay supine, relaxed, her splayed legs, listening and feeling him gathering the copious amounts of warm white cream into his mouth. The thought of him there made her smile. Indeed she was blessed with a treasure of a man.

...

"What happened last night?" Jenny asked while rubbing his stiffened shaft.

Bobby stood at the stove cooking eggs. It wasn't even eight and she already had him hard and leaking.

"Nothing. We were just being close."

"Close! She blurted in a yelled-whisper, "I never heard any woman make those kinds of sounds. What did you do to her?"

Bobby put down the spatula and faced the beautiful blonde. "We made love. That's all."

"My God! Is that what she's like when she cums? I almost opened the door to see what you two were doing."

"That wouldn't have been a good idea."

"I know, but still Bobby, I mean, whatever you two were doing went on forever. I heard you through the walls and I'm sure they are pretty much sound proof." She stroked his cock several times and then squeezed one of his balls. "I want you to do that to me today."

Continuing to scramble the eggs on the frying pan, he shook his head. "Sex is off limits Miss Jenny, and you know that."

"Then make me feel what she felt with your tongue."

"I can't. I'm sorry." He glanced down just as she leaned into him, one hand still massaging the mammoth pole she had no chance of wrapping her fingers around. With the other hand she groped his muscular ass.

"We're going to make out again," she cooed, looking up into his unreachable eyes.

"OK."

"No, I mean we are going to make out, like for a long time. Just like yesterday."

This time her words made him smile. "Whatever you say, Miss Jenny."

"And then you're going to suck my nipples and then I'm going to suck your cock," she ran her finger into his crease and poked at his pucker, "and then maybe I'll let you lick my ass." She jabbed again at his hole. "And you can put your tongue right inside there – in me of course," she said giggling. "How's that sound?"

He smiled, not knowing what to say.

"Hey you two!" A voice called from behind.

Both slaves abruptly turned to see Mistress approach. She was dressed in jeans and a bright green short sleeve V-neck top.

"Hi," Jenny answered. "I was just telling him what I had in store for him today."

Deb grinned delightfully. "Just keep doing what you did yesterday. He was primed just right last night. Make sure you do the same thing again today."

"Yes Ma'am. I had no idea I had him so ready," she lied. "I hope you had some fun with him when you finally were alone."

"Just a little," she said absently looking out at the view beyond the glass windows and expansive deck.

"I hope you had more than just a little Mistress. When you said it was bedtime, he was pretty aroused. Kind of like he is now." She gripped his cock and spun him round. "See," she said giggling. "He is so big!"

"Don't get him too hyped. It's still morning."

"Yea," Bobby interjected. "It's still morning." He swiveled back toward the counter fighting against her grasp. He had to admit, she was a lot of fun when she was like this.

During breakfast he thought often of his night with Mistress and how perfect their evening had been but he couldn't help but feel at least a little excited as he anticipated being between the sheets with Jenny crawling all over him. His cock twitched.

Just as they finished eating and Bobby was pouring them each a mug of coffee Jenny asked, "Is it OK with you if I milk him?"

Mistress coughed in surprise. "Why, I don't know. Why would you want to do that?"

"Because I haven't ever tried it and I thought it would be fun, and a little humiliating," she said with a sparkle in her eye.

"I don't see any harm in trying. There are gloves in my bedroom. Have Bobby bring you a box. You can keep them in your room. He knows where they are." She took another sip of the hot drink, this time with a smile that reached her eyes.

"Thank you," she said beaming. Jenny stood and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Let me know if I can do anything special for you too Mistress." she said quietly. "I mean, I am here to sexually please."

Deb silently nodded keeping her expression placid but inwardly smiled. The woman had a way about her; that was for certain. Sipping coffee she watched Jenny drop to her knees and take Bobby's cock into her mouth. In each hand she gripped a testicle, and gave him a quick two-minute blow job. Bobby flushed crimson knowing she was watching the entire act.

Jenny left him as abruptly as she took him and vanished downstairs.

"Well, that was amusing." Mistress's smile permeated every part of her face just as her slaves blush did his. "She is something else, isn't she?"

"If you say so, Mistress."

"Do you like the attention?" Before he answered she pointed to his protruding appendage and added, "It looks like you do."

"She's OK." Avoiding eye contact he continued to clean the breakfast mess.

"Oh Bobby. Come on now," she chided, "Are you telling me that didn't feel good; that her spending more than two hours between your legs last night wasn't enjoyable? Really!?"

"OK, yea, it feels good but it's embarrassing when she does things like she just did now."

"You didn't seem to feel that way last night."

"I know," he shrugged. "But I was in your arms then not standing in the kitchen with you watching me from there. I don't know what I feel sometimes. Something feels odd or wrong when she sucks me like that with you watching me."

"Look," Mistress said standing and coming to him. "I know you enjoy the attention. I get it. In fact, I want you to enjoy it. She's a lovely woman with a great body and I invited her here specifically to make you horny," she squeezed his cock. "So cut with the dishonesty and embarrassment and just be yourself."

"Yes Mistress." He leaned his head to rest against hers momentarily.

"So, are you going to enjoy your time with her?"

"Yes, I'm sure it will be nice."

"I want a full report on the milking if she does it." Deb giggled. "I might come down to watch."

Bobby looked at her wide-eyed as he scrutinized her glace over at the security camera off to their right knowing there was one in every room.

"Mistress! Please!"

"Oh Slave, have a little fun with the girl. And besides, you know you are going to love it."

Bobby bit his lip and then grinned. "Yea, I probably will."

"That's my boy. Now finish up in here. I need to track down that little slut before I head off to work."

...

That evening the three gathered around the TV again. Jenny knelt in her usual spot between Bobby's legs while Mistress and he enjoyed one of her favorite shows. During the first set of commercials Deb asked about their day and Jenny informed her all they did.

"Mostly we spent the day in bed making out. I let him play with my breasts." I made him kiss my body everywhere and of course I made him masturbate. I watched him of course. After lunch we spent a few hours getting the welcome-home party organized, and sent out invitations and, of course while he was making lists I took the liberty to find ways to keep him obnoxiously hard."

Deb covered her mouth to hide her smile and felt her slave cower in embarrassment as Jenny revealed all, leaving nothing to the imagination.

"I did suck his cock lots while we were planning the party Mistress," Jenny said just after running her tongue from stem to stern over the thick mast standing almost vertical. "I didn't want you to think I couldn't multitask."

It was her smirk as well as the implied feelings of her words that humored Deb most about Jenny. No wonder Bobby exploded last night when she made love with him while he slept. The man's penis had remained granite hard for hours before she even started humping him. When he did explode he did so with such force and volume she almost couldn't believe he could cum with so much of the pearly white juice, yet he did indeed.

"I never doubted you for a second." Deb reached down to push a few strands of hair away from one eye. "You do excellent work."

"It's only been two days. I'm still learning. Give me another week or so and I'll know every button he possesses."

"Good girl. That's precisely what I'm looking for and I know my slave loves every second of your attention. Don't you Slave?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"So what else did you two do while I was away?"

Jenny beamed as her tongue continued to move randomly up and down his saliva covered shaft. "Oh, I milked him. Didn't I, my slave?"

"Yes Miss Jenny," he grunted as his arousal advanced toward the danger zone.

"How was it?"

"Oh Mistress," she said. "It was really fun. It took a while to figure out how to do it. I watched a few youtube videos but it's really easy. It takes about ten minutes of rubbing his prostate to get him going but once he starts he just cums and cums and cums, and he doesn't even get hard.

"Not at all?"

"Nope. I mean I could have stroked him and I'm sure that would have made him hard but he just stays kind of limp and dribbles all that delicious white milk for a long time. There's no spurting either; just a nice drip drip drip. It's the weirdest thing to see his limp cock hanging down and watching all that warm white nectar ooze out. I bet he gave me at least half a glass but it took forever for it all to come out. Wouldn't you agree slave?"

"Probably."

Deb held his hand. "Did you like her milking you?"

Once more he fought the embarrassment but Mistress squeezed his hand reassuringly. "It felt really nice."

"Nice? Is that all you have to say?" Jenny interjected. "He groaned the entire time. He loved it. He told me it felt different and although it wasn't as intense as the usual way of getting him to cum, it still felt really good. Didn't it? Oh, he loved it alright!"

"That makes me happy," Deb commented. "I'm happy for you."

Their attention turned back to the tube and Jenny went back to licking his balls. What relieved Bobby was Jenny's failure to mention all the details of their time spent making out and how she rubbed his cock on the outside of her pussy until she came. Never once did he feel as if he had gotten to the point where he had lost control of what they were doing but when she put his head right at her entrance and circled it around and around for God knows how long he almost did. It wasn't what she did but rather what she said while she was teasing and getting herself off. Even now those words echoed in his mind, "You know you want to fuck me. All you need to do is push it in. Go ahead. It's right here. Come on slave. Do it! I got it pointing right where it needs to go. Just look at my pussy. It's so swollen and open. It's all ready for you, my slave. Don't you want to cum inside? Come on. Are you afraid? What are you afraid of?"

Bobby relived the twenty minutes of taunting and temptation, all while she made him play with her tits and nipples. He recalled how hot she was, how incredibly sexy her petite body felt and looked. He could smell her scent and remembered her wetness mixing with the copious amount of shiny precum he leaked all over her entrance, the same cream she later made him slurp after she tired of tempting him anymore.

Mistress brought the evening to an end once the show was over and soon they were in bed and fast asleep. For the next three weeks the pattern of their respective lives played out pretty much the same. Mistress worked and when she wasn't working she was either eating or working out. Her two slaves spent the day doing chores or with one another and exercised whenever Deb did. As the days passed Bobby felt the feelings he feared rear. He was spending too much time with Jenny and she was inching his way back into his heart. For a week or so he repressed it all but when that didn't work he began to let the natural feelings evolve unheeded. And evolve they did. They grew; they permeated more and more of his thoughts, so much so he began thinking about her while in bed with Mistress. He became depressed. He felt so guilty of betrayal. In his mind he saw Jenny mounting him when Deb did. He couldn't get her out of his head and as the guilty feelings grew it eventually became too much. He could take it no more.

"God you feel good!" she gasped.

Collapsing on him fully after a third climax she lay exhausted, her arms rested comfortably on his shoulders. Her hip and back muscles remained ached. Forty five minutes of riding his cock was by far the longest she had gone since coming home and he hadn't cum even once.

"I think a good milking by Jenny before bedtime is the trick to keeping your stamina up. Wouldn't you agree? God you have a magnificent cock!"

She kissed him softly on the lips. Bobby felt both her and Jenny's lips touching his when she did.

"You were amazing," she said sliding off to one side. "I need to pee. Don't move."

Bobby watched her shapely body vanish into the blackness beyond. She was so beautiful; her slender hips only slightly wider than her tapered waist. He loved her and only wanted her. Now he felt so guilty and so torn for where his mind had taken him while they had made love. It was like reliving those early days after her accident all over again. What he hated most was he knew from the get-go this would happen. He just knew it!

"Damn!" he muttered. "God, please help me. Give me the strength I need to tell her! I can't go on living like this! I just can't!" His words were almost silent but the softness of his voice didn't lessen the degree of anguish and heartache he felt. His stomach was in knots, so much so he wondered if he would vomit. If he and Jenny went on much longer he'd do wrong. It wasn't a matter of if, but rather, when. She was simply too much of a tease and tempter especially when she put his cock at her slit and dared him to plunge it past her entrance. He had almost done so several times. The thought of how beautiful her inner labia looked when she was aroused was beyond hot. He had never seen a woman respond as she did. He thought of her pussy now, her inner folds protruding, yearning, stretching outward, calling for him to take her. He thought of his cock, stiff and hard in her petite hand and pressed against those reaching lustful lips. He could hear Miss Jenny begging him to do it. She dared him to just put part of him inside. God he wanted to. God he knew he mustn't!

He didn't even see Mistress return. "What's wrong Slave? You look like you're about to cry." She sidled up, on her stomach and placed one loving hand against his far cheek, caressing him as he lay on his back deep in thought.

"I'm just worried," he said still looking at the ceiling.

"About what? Talk to me. I need to know what has you so upset." Her concern was obvious. She loved this man and wanted nothing more than live the remainder of her life with him at her side. She had fallen completely for him; not just for the kind, loving, gentle guy he was but for his submissive deferential personality. To live knowing she was safe; to know she actually commanded and ruled a living human being was beyond description satisfying. She could never live without him beneath her and she very much doubted she'd ever find one that fit her so perfectly.

He interrupted her brief reverie. "It's Jenny. It's getting harder to remain true."

"Go on. Tell me," she whispered. "What are you're feeling. What's going on that I need to know?"

Bobby rolled on his side and faced her. Running a hand over the curve of her hip he sighed. "I spend most of my day with Jenny." He swallowed and pushed back a tear. We are engaged in one thing or another all day and everything has to do with sex." He stopped, thinking what to say next. "I know you feel indebted to her for what she did when you were ill but it's not going to work Mistress. It can't make it work. At least I can't do what you want. I can't keep this façade of acting like its OK much longer," he said his eyes now welling with tears, "I can't keep it up and remain faithful. It's just too hard."

"Oh Bobby," she said tearing up, "why didn't you tell me?"

"I did. The night before she came I did. I told you how I felt and why I thought this was a bad idea. But after she came I knew it wasn't my place to complain or question you. And I didn't want to worry you."

"I know what you said back then, but I really wish you had told me about what was going on in your head when the feelings first started. How long have you been feeling this way?"

"Maybe a week. I don't know. Maybe ten days. It's been a slow thing but she's been encouraging me to penetrate her. She'll grab my cock and pull it right to her pussy and dare me to go further."

Deb shook her head and tightened her lips in a frown.

"Mistress. She didn't do anything wrong. Don't get me wrong. She hasn't ever crossed the line and she's never forced me to do anything but she's making it easy for me to do more than what you want." He kissed her forehead. "I don't want you to think she's being a bad person but I am saying she's let it be known that every part of her is available to me should I ever want to enjoy it. She's making herself quite available."

Deb snapped. "Then she needs to go! I won't risk losing you, especially because of my stupidity!"

"That might be best. Or if you really want her to stay maybe the two of you need to have a heart to heart talk. Whatever you do, you know I'll abide by your decision," he answered quietly, "but I don't want this to end your friendship. She's only doing what you told her. I don't even know if she's being serious when she tempts me. She might only be trying to keep me horny."

"What do you mean?"

"Like, I don't know if I did thrust into her if she would let me inside or pull away. Sometimes I think she's really just teasing me to see if I will do it. I really don't know."

"Then maybe I need to have that talk you suggested and find out."

"But that's only one part of it. It's not just that; it's everything." Now the words came unhindered. The reservations to disguise what he felt vanished and he opened his heart and let it all out. "Like I said ever since we got home, I only want to be with you. I only want to serve you. I don't want to serve her. Even though she's beautiful and sexy as hell, I know what we're doing can't last. Something bad is going to happen. Either I'm going to screw her or she's going to screw me. If either of us go there it's going to break your heart and I can't bear that thinking of that possibility."

"And you really think that's going to happen?"

"Break your heart?" he responded rhetorically. "Yea, I do. I mean, I don't know that I can do this for another month or two or three. Sooner or later she's going to get me on a weak moment."

"I see."

Mistress, please don't be mad at me for telling you this. I'm just being honest. She is a beautiful woman and I already screwed her while you were laid up. I don't want to do it again but I am having these feelings. They scare me. I don't like feelings this way or having these thoughts"

"Have you?" She asked getting more concerned.

"No! I haven't, not since that time when I lived with Lisa," he said defensively, "but it's been harder to get her out of my mind when we aren't together. I find myself thinking about her, or what she did, or what she made me do, or what she wants to do to me tomorrow. She's in my head all the time. Things like that. I don't like those thoughts especially when I'm with you. But that's what's starting to happen."

He gently stroked her side. "I only want to think about you, Mistress."

Deb rolled onto her back and sighed. "Wow! I really have been stupid to think I could make this work. I've made a mess of it all; haven't I?"

"Kind of," he admitted still stroking her breasts and shoulders. The touches weren't meant to arouse but rather to maintain some type of mental bond. He hated having to talk about this yet knew the conversation needed to happen. "You did what you thought was best at the time. I never understood your reasons but I wasn't the one who almost died either. I can't fault you for trying but it can't work with me being her slave."

"I guess not. What should I do? Do I just let her go? Maybe I need to send her back to Lisa."

"Is there any way to take a break? Maybe you could send me away for the day on some errand or maybe you and I could get away for a few days. What if the three of us went somewhere where we can't do all the erotic foreplay she wants to do? You could tell her to cool it while we stayed in a hotel, or maybe you could get separate rooms; one for her and the other for us."

Deb listened intently. Fear crept into her thoughts. She could hear the underlying anxiety in his cry for help as he presented one idea after another. They were all good, but not one that really addressed the fundamental issue she had mistakenly created.

"Let me think about it. I'm not sure what's best but I can tell you this: I'm not going to send you away by yourself for any reason. That violates every principal I set in place."

"But ..." He stopped knowing to say more was not his place.

Bobby laid his head on the front of her shoulder and kissed the firm swollen mound that pressed gently against his nose and lips. Thankful now for getting the issue out of the dark and into the light he rested, feeling secure against her body.

"I didn't mean to cause you heartache by bringing this up," he said quietly. "But I needed to say something. It was tearing me apart inside."

"You did the right thing Baby. You did the right thing. Thank you for being honest. I don't know what I would have done if you had told me you two had been truly intimate." She lay momentarily silent. "God, what have I gotten you into?"

Both lay quietly for a long time although neither had any inkling of falling asleep despite the late hour. Bobby rested silently knowing Mistress would find a solution somehow. Deb lay stressed, wondering what she could do to get Jenny out of the house without ruining their friendship. She had been wrong and she should have listened to Bobby when he first protested. Why she hadn't was a mistake she vowed then not to make again. His opinion did matter and for him to voice a concern of this magnitude was not out of line. She had tried to walk a delicate balance. Subconsciously she knew there were risks. Why she was blind to the fact that problems were sure to arise she didn't know. Maybe she was simply in denial but at the moment, that was beside the point. She had a situation that needed resolving.

"You know," Bobby said nonchalant some fifteen minutes later, "I wonder if we could get a sub for Jenny?"

"Where did that thought come from?"

He continued, still tucked in the crease of her shoulder and still lovingly stroking her body from thigh to breast. "Because I think she would be really happy if she had a man to love and dominate. She loves playing with me but I think her temptations to go further come out of a need she has for greater intimacy. I think she wants more of me and is trying to find some way to get that without getting thrown out of your house."

"Hmmm," was her only response and Bobby let the thought linger for quite a while.

"We could check out the farm," he offered.

"The farm? What farm? What are you talking about?"

"In Tennessee. There's a farm there. There are a couple hundred slaves that work it."

"On a farm? Why haven't I heard about this place before?"

"I don't know. I never had a reason to tell you about it I guess."

"Did my sister take you there?"

"Nope. I've never been there but I've heard Mariko talk about the place numerous times. A lot of the guys sent there are slaves already owned by a mistress but I think there is an equal number that are slaves in training. I know they use it for training purposes and I think the mistresses that send their slaves there do so to reinforce them in some kind of psychological way. From what I know it's kind of a prison camp atmosphere. The guys work really hard at all hours of the day and night and I know the mistresses that run the place don't treat them all that well. I've heard enough rumors to know that much."

Deb turned on her side. "Tell me more. What else do you know about the place?"

"All I know is Mariko owns six or seven hundred acres some miles outside of Riverton. It's quite isolated from the sound of it. I remember her talking about some kind of barracks or dormitory building where the slaves sleep and I know there is a mess hall where they eat. I know they raise cattle and have horses and grow crops but I don't know what kind. I think the cows are used for milk rather than beef and I've heard Mariko talk about machinery but I think the slaves do most all of the work by hand. What I'm certain of is, all of the slaves are pushed really hard. That's the primary purpose of the farm; to force each slave to their limit. From what she's told me it sounds like a boot camp; kind of a 'we're going to break you before we turn you into what we want to make you' sort of a place. I'm sure the slaves are beaten and I bet they are sleep deprived or made to sleep out in the elements; that sort of thing." He stared off into the blackness of the room for a minute thinking. "Mariko's methods work Mistress. They may not be your cup of tea but they produce results. They teach a man his place and he ends up loving it."

"I know she encourages mistress-wives to send their slaves to the farm for a few months every so often. I think she recommends it as a way to remind them of their lowly status. The whole pain and hard-labor thing is pretty prevalent in that part of the country with all the mistresses she mentors. It's some belief philosophy Mariko propagates to the women under her circle of influence."

"I know she does," Deb said, "It's something my sister embraced but even though she's my twin it's one I don't hold in high regard. That's why I've never adopted any of those routines with you. I thought about it but they were something I didn't think I could ascribe to and feel good about myself."

"I'm thankful you haven't although having lived that life I believe there is validity to what she does. It reinforces to a guy his position as a slave in ways that are undeniably powerful. I know it worked in my situation."

"And you're glad you had to endure all of that?"

"Glad now. I wasn't glad then but looking back, I know that lifestyle helped me become the slave I am for you; you know I'd do anything to serve and please you. I love you Mistress, more than anything or anyone."

Bobby watched as she checked the time. He could tell she had lost interest in their discussion. "I'm going to call my sister. I need privacy. Go upstairs. I'll come get you when I'm done."

"Yes Mistress." He said wondering what was behind the impulsive idea. Kissing her softly he thanked her again for listening and quietly left making certain to not disturb Jenny. Upstairs he waited for more than an hour before Mistress appeared. Waiving for him to come, they returned to her bedroom. Nothing more was said that night and they slept restlessly until dawn signaled the start of a new day.

...

The following morning Mistress permitted things proceed as usual. Bobby rose a half-hour early to prepare breakfast and Jenny joined him a few minutes later, not to help but to arouse. By the time Mistress joined them, she had him rock hard and groaning. With pleading eyes, he looked at her as if to say, "You're just going to let her keep doing this?" She smiled and greeted each slave warmly permitting Jenny play with his cock while he ran around the kitchen. Only after they had finished eating and the table was cleared with all but three steaming cups of coffee did Deb broach the subject of Jenny's future.

"Bring your coffee over by mine Jenny. Come sit on my lap."

Raising an eyebrow she hesitantly got up and moved. Deb patted her thighs inviting her to sit. "Did I do something wrong?"

"Not at all but we need to talk and I want you here."

Bobby watched from the opposite side of the table suppressing a grin. He wondered what Mistress was up to as Jenny situated her small body on her lap. Mistress wrapped one arm around her hip and brought the other to her opposite thigh.

When Jenny and Deb made eye contact, both women smiled. "You are lighter than I thought." How much do you weigh?"

"105, give or take a pound."

"Sadly that's about what where I am."

"Can I sit on you so you can see how I feel on your lap too?" Bobby asked grinning.

"You'll crush me, you big oaf. Just stay put." She stroked Jenny's back and waited for the humor in the air to settle. "I want to talk to you two because I need to make a change. It's not like I feel obligated to discuss this with either of you since you are my slaves and are bound by my word but we are adults and it's not my style to pull power plays of that sort."

She had both slaves complete attention and she could feel Jenny's body stiffen even while she continued to caress her softly.

"I love both of you," she began, "and the decision I'm making is because of that love." She looked up into Jenny's eyes now. "I've been paying particular attention to you ever since you got here. I can see how much enjoyment you've gotten by playing with Bobby and I couldn't be happier for how stimulated you've been able to keep him. What has amazed me though has been your ability to not go all the way. Even though I indicated you were not to have intercourse, I can only imagine you've gone to bed on most nights fantasizing about the two of you making love.

"It's been hard not to," she said quietly.

"I know. I've watched how close you came most afternoons."

Jenny looked curiously, not understanding the comment.

"Have you forgotten every room is wired with surveillance cameras?"

Responding indignantly she asked, "So you spied on us?"

Deb grinned. "Of course I did. You're my slaves aren't you?"

"Yes but... but it's like you didn't trust me."

"Not at all Jenny. I trusted you completely but I kept tabs on your activities. I've kept almost continual watch on him almost since the day he got here. And besides, you are only human and I know a bit about your past when you mistressed him while I was laid up. I know you two fell in love. Did you think I wouldn't be curious how you'd go about keeping him hard?

Now it was Bobby's turn to feel his pulse increase as he thought back over a year ago to Katie and what she did with him when she was home on summer break.

"I watched you play with his cock just yesterday. You went at it for almost an hour. How did you ever keep from pulling him inside you? I don't know that I could have done what you did."

Smiling fully, she leaned her mouth within an inch of her ear. "Cause he's too big; remember?"

"Ahh, so I've heard. But still, I could see how much you wanted him."

"Mmmm," Jenny answered looking over to her slave, "I have to admit, I wish I could fit him all inside me. I'm just not big enough to take him comfortably."

Mistress' hand found her breast and cupped it delicately. "Do you know what I learned through all of my peeking?"

"What?"

"That you are more of a mistress than a slave."

"Maybe," she answered coolly.

"Jenny, you shouldn't be ashamed to admit it. I mean, wouldn't you prefer to be in my position so you could call the shots? Wasn't it nice to be put in charge of him, even if I did impose a few restrictions? Didn't you like playing with his mind and go to bed knowing you could do whatever you wanted with him?"

She nodded.

"This is why I want to talk. You know how I feel about you giving him up so he could care for me. It's why you are here. But you and I both know this arrangement can't go on forever. I own him and you know I'm not going to give him up."

Deb patted Jenny's rump and they both stood. Jenny moved to her seat and watched Deb pace. She appeared deep in thought.

"I talked to my sister last night and before we got off the phone I made a decision. I want you to find a slave of your own; one you can own and enjoy, just like you do Bobby. I want you to get a man you can collar and keep."

"A slave for me? I don't want just any slave. And if I did want one, I don't even know where to start to look for one," she protested.

"I know you don't and that's where my phone call to Sharon comes in."

She went on to highlight her conversation, explaining the existence of 'the farm' and its purpose. Deb informed Jenny there were almost 300 unattached slaves there. All were in the farms training program. Some were recent converts while others had been there for many months; some for over a year. Elucidating the purpose and ways the women staffing the farm, Deb revealed the possibilities that existed and of her excitement for Jenny.

"I think there is an excellent chance we can find one for you. There has to be one diamond amidst the 300 there," she said excitedly. "And there are new ones coming in all the time."

Although Jenny heard the enthusiasm in her voice she asked, "We?"

"Yes, you and I. And we can get even help from the girls on the farm. Part of its purpose is to mate slaves with mistresses."

"So you have this all worked out, without even asking me for my opinion?"

Deb's voice suddenly turned sour. "That's right Jenny. How quickly you forget who owns who. I can do whatever I want with you and I've chosen to do this. I'm not going to speak to my reasons why any more than I already have. You need to understand this is what you will do and you will carry out my wishes."

Returning her glare, the two girls faced off until Jenny eventually softened and raised both palms upward. "So what do you want me to do?"

"I want you to call Mistress Rhonda when we are done. She is the supervisor. Talk with her. Learn all you can about how things run. What she does. What they do. What your options are, and so forth. Ask questions. I can explain what I know but it would be better for you to talk directly to her. Tell her what you want and ask her for suggestions as to how you can go about finding a suitable slave. I don't want you to worry about costs. I'll cover any expense you incur."

"And what about my responsibilities with him?"

"I'm going to put him back on his old dose of the pill. I want you focusing on this. I want you to put all your energy into finding a slave – if there is one there to be found. That means no more hanky-panky with him. This is more important."

Bobby sat silently, emotionally removed from the exchange between his two mistresses yet intimately tied to it. He admired how Mistress went about broaching the subject. Never did she condemn Jenny for pushing him too far. Never did she bring his concerns into their conversation. Instead she concentrated on the inevitability of their relationship and the temptation imposed by virtue of their extended periods of intimacy. By addressing a long-term solution rather than scolding her for pressing him to screw her she avoided the possibility of Jenny and Mistress ending their meeting without them feeling miffed. By keeping the concerns he aired privately off the table and presenting her 'decision' from the position of seeking Jenny's best interest, she enabled her two slaves to remain just as bonded as ever. Deb wasn't concerned with how much affection they shared. She knew where her slave's heart lay and believed if she could pair Jenny with someone who enamored her, everything would sort itself out. 

Fifteen minutes later, when everyone understood the new rules and Jenny had asked her questions Mistress brought the meeting to a close. She left for her office while Jenny headed to her room to make a call on Mistress' cell. Bobby sat waiting for the women to clear out. He sat drinking his coffee, thankful for having such a stunningly beautiful and wise mistress. A few minutes later he heard a voice from the hidden speaker instructing him to go to the gym. When they reconvened at lunch Jenny shared what she learned about the Tennessee farm.

"So it's all set then. Are you comfortable with the idea?"

Jenny smiled; that bright, light-up-her-face smile that accentuated her sexiness. "You know, I am getting use to the idea, although now that I know what I've got to do, I'm a little scared."

"Just remember what Rhonda told you: If you feel uncomfortable with anything you needn't participate. Just follow your heart." Deb kissed her softly on the head. "I'd feel the same if I were going."

"Thank you Mistress. I appreciate you thinking of me like this."

"It's my pleasure. I'll book you a flight the day after the party."

"That's only four days away! That soon?"

"The day after the party you go. While you're gone, Bobby and I will be taking a trip of our own."

"We will?"

"Ah, you were listening," she said happily. "Yes we are. Just you and me."

"Where too?"

"It's a surprise. I'll tell you later."

"Cool!" He came and straddled her chair, squatted low but only letting a small portion of his weight settle on her legs. He kissed her. "I love surprises!" He said grinning from ear to ear. "And I love you best of all, Mistress!"

Deb returned the kiss and then found his cock and started stroking it. In a matter of seconds it began responding. Thickening at first and then lurching forward and upward as blood surged into the now open arteries. Within a minute it stood thick, long and solid. She wrapped both hands around the massive appendage and squeezed with all her might. He didn't even wince.

Bobby felt her grip move south and each hand quickly found one swollen testicle. Her fingers manipulated each and he could feel her lift first one and then the other checking the weight of each orb.

"In celebration for the party and Jenny's departure I think you and I need to have a quickie."

"Right here? In front of her?" He asked astonished.

"Humph, I hadn't thought of that." Her lips turned upward into a smile that reached her eyes. "I don't think so. How about I take you to bed and mount you there instead?"

"You know I'm yours to use as you want Mistress."

"Is that a yes?"

"It's a yes if you want it to be a yes."

"Then let's go. Get yourself ready. I'll be there in a minute. As for you, my sweet slave, why don't you use the time to pack your things? It sounds like you might be gone for a while."

With that word Debra descended the stairs, slipping out of her trim top and bounced excitedly down the hall, hoping her body would allow that sweet cock to penetrate her fully and rocket her senses to places only the angels knew existed.

...

Wearing charcoal linen slacks and a white oxford shirt, cuffed at the wrist, Bobby greeted each guest when they arrived. The Martin's from across the street stood at the entrance. Bobby welcomed Carol with a hug and then shook Rick's hand. Behind them stood their daughter Katie, looking as lovely and sexy as always.

"Hello Slave," she whispered in his ear as they embraced. "It's odd to see you dressed but you really clean up well. I like the digs!"

"You look as good as ever Miss Katie," he said grinning easily. "It's good to see you. Deb is out on the deck. She was hoping you'd make it."

"How's she doing?"

"Actually really well. She getting stronger every week. Not back to her old self quite yet but she's getting there."

"That's fantastic. She's had quite a year from what I've heard. Pretty terrible what happened to her."

"That's an understatement. She nearly died but she's a strong girl."

"How's the big boy doing down there?" She hinted with a downward glance.

"He's doing just fine. Taking it easy tonight from what I hear."

"That's too bad. I was kind of hoping he'd come out and play for a while if you know what I mean." Neither she nor Bobby could stifle their laughs any longer and both broke out in snickers that reddened their faces.

"Now get out of here and go have some fun!" He said.

"Thanks Bobby. You're a good sport. See you around."

When the last of the guests had arrived, Bobby relaxed momentarily and stood watching everyone from afar. Besides the Martins he saw Tyaja and Lisa talking to a group of other women in the far corner. He didn't know most of the people here. The majority were clients whom Deb had known for years. Several were former beauty pageant friends who she had met while competing. Others were younger women who she had become acquainted with while serving as judge in the years following her time in competition. Jenny roamed through the crowd carrying a large tray of hors d'oeuvres. He admired the pretty blonde, watching her casually interact with many of the guests. Outfitted in a striking blood red cocktail dress and heels her toned legs and shapely body appeared inviting and sensuous. He missed spending time with her as he had prior to Deb's new mandate but that was of his own doing and objectively he understood it was for the best. Mostly he missed seeing the way her pussy responded when she got aroused. It was a marvelous thing to see indeed; all red and protruding and revealing her sweet tunnel. He laughed to no one thinking it reminded him of an artichoke. Well kind of.

"I could use some help," Jenny called out as she got close. She nodded to her near-empty platter.

"I'm on it," he replied and moved to the kitchen to fill another tray of yummies. Some of the treats were on the healthy side but most were intentionally decadent but so mouthwateringly delicious. Deb knew most of the guests were very weight conscious but decided this was a party. They deserved to indulge their palates while they celebrated her return to health.

Throughout the evening the liquor flowed. The party goers drank everything from beer to wine to martinis and margaritas to whiskey and bourbon. The atmosphere was festive. Dance tunes blared through small concealed speakers and filled the house with music. At most any time Bobby could see at least a few guests getting down to a favorite song. There were so many beautiful people here. Mistress really hung with a physically gifted bunch.

By midnight, most of the crowd had gone. When Bobby ushered out the last of the guests, only Mistresses closest friends - Lisa, Tyaja and Katie remained. Everyone including Mistress was feeling the effects of the alcohol but Ty appeared completely wasted. Bobby only had drank a few beers all evening and Jenny only took time to enjoy a single glass of wine. They were more sober than the rest of the group still here.

"Hey Deb," Ty called out, "since everyone is gone, how about you get your slave back to his normal dress. I'd like to see his cock."

Bobby smiled sheepishly and looked to Mistress for direction.

"You heard the woman. Off they go." Deb glanced in Jenny's direction. "That means you too."

Without hesitation the two slaves disrobed, tossing their garments over one of the dining room chairs. Katie stood taking it all in not realizing Jenny was in the same boat as Bobby. She eyed the petite woman's nipples, watching them firm into plump maroonish-brown jellybeans. The thought of her nipples so hard and sitting on upturned breasts made her wet with anticipation.

"Come here Bobby," Tyaja demanded. "I want to feel your balls."

He came and stood with his feet astride letting her wrap her ebony fingers around his considerable orbs for the first time in months. Mistress had intentionally laid low after coming back home and not invited Ty or Lisa over for their usual Friday rendezvous. Her decision had more to do with Tyaja's sense of entitlement to Bobby than anything else. She loved these women but something with Ty had to change. Until tonight that meant avoiding her completely.

"Damn you feel good. I bet you could fill my glass with your cum, couldn't you?"

"I don't think so," Bobby answered modestly.

"Maybe we should try."

"Why don't you suck him instead," Deb said, watching from afar. She was leaning against the side wall, her arms crossed over her breasts.

"You're really going to let me suck this thing?" She grabbed the bobbing shaft in one hand hastily.

"I'll give you a few minutes to have some fun. You won't remember any of this anyway; you're too drunk." She said giggling.

"You must be drunk too but I'm not going to argue with you. Come a little closer big-boy. Obey your mistress."

Tyaja reached out, grasped a hold of the velvety soft scrotal skin that held the two precious jewels and gently pulled him into position. Bobby felt the warmth of her mouth encapsulate his head and watched part of his mast vanish behind the curtain of her lips. The feel of her wet and warm oral cavity covering him made him moan with delight and caused Ty to look upward in triumph. It was that same familiar look. The same one he saw when she'd stare down at him while she sat on his face and rode him like he was some kind of nobody. It was the same one he remembered seeing that first time when she made Mistress eat her while he ran on the treadmill. Something about that look irritated him. He hated that look and found himself hating her all of a sudden.

Why Mistress let her do this to him was beyond him. Maybe she was simply too drunk. Maybe she was too tired to fight another battle with Ty. For whatever reason, he decided to endure the blowjob but refused to give her anymore encouragement to her rapidly ballooning ego. Clamping his lips shut he stifled the moans although his cock twitched excitedly as her tongue danced around making it all but impossible to keep from thrusting his hips forward.

Bobby heard another moan and turned to see Lisa and Jenny embraced in a passionate kiss. Only Mistress and Katie remained unengaged and Mistress motioned for the young woman to stand close to her. They stood fixated to the wall watching the two couples in action. Katie couldn't tear her eyes off of Tyaja. She watched her methodically milk the enormous stalk. When she withdrew with a loud slurp, Katie saw the black woman lap up the nearly continuous flow of clear pre-cum that dribbled rapidly from his slit.

"Do you want a taste?" Ty asked, looking her way.

"No thank you." She blushed at the thought of performing in front of these older women but couldn't deny her deeper desire to feel him impaled deep inside her throat. She had never forgotten the feel of such a thick cock pressing against every surface of her mouth and pharynx.

"Why are you letting her do that Ms. Ashby?"

"I have my reasons. You'll see. I'm letting her enjoy him one last time."

"You mean, she's done this before?"

"Not this but she's done other things with him."

"Oh," where the only words she could say. She watched blank-faced as the gorgeous dark-skinned woman became more engrossed with the cock she held. Slathering her saliva up, down and around his pole as if to mark him for her own, Deb could imagine how she must be gloating now that she could publically mark him after so long away.

Some minutes later Lisa and Jenny joined the onlookers and only then did Deb bring the blowjob to a halt. Stepping to the side of her slave, she grabbed the base of his turgid shaft, admiring the veins pulsating along the outer fringes of the paper-thin skin. Pulling it and Bobby away from Ty's mouth she spoke.

"That's enough for now Tyaja. I only said you could play with him for a while, not all night long. He's mine you know."

Everyone watched as the words reached a semblance of comprehension in the drunken woman's mind. "Oh. I was just getting started," she said, her words somewhat slurred. She had that wide-eyed look of someone not all there.

"I'm sorry Baby but you've had enough for now."

"But, but," she stammered looking at everyone in turn. It was then when her eyes landed on Jenny. "Is she yours now too?"

"Indeed she is. Didn't Lisa tell you she freed Jenny to join my harem?"

Deb could see her thinking, her mind clouded with the effects of too much alcohol. "Your harem?" she said indignantly. "You have a harem now? Ha! No, I can't remember her telling me. "Did you?" she asked turning her attention to Lisa.

"Yes Ty. I did."

"Then you know she belongs to me. I own her just like I own him." Deb deliberately stood tall and proud and motioned for Jenny to come to stand by her. With Bobby on her right and Jenny on her left, she kept her right hand solidly around his manhood and wrapped her left arm around Jenny's petite body. "Now, I have two slaves under my thumb. Aren't you happy for me?"

Taking in the threesome she smirked arrogantly. "So is she available for me to enjoy too? You let me sample one of your slaves, why not the other?"

It was so easy to see what she what Ty wanted and Deb had no reservation in letting her have what she wanted. "Enjoy?" Deb asked questioningly. "Are you asking if you can lick her?"

"Yea, I am."

Deb hesitated. "Ty, I don't know about that. I already gave you Bobby. How would it look with Lisa and Katie here if I let you have her too?"

"It really doesn't matter what they think," she stammered. "C'mon. Let me have her."

"Only if you're easy with her." She watched Tyaja swallow in anticipation. "But you can't make her cum. Promise?"

"Whatever. Just tell her it's OK to come over here. She has to do what you say right?"

"Ty?" Deb challenged. "You can't make her cum. She's not use to being eaten so she'll cum fast if you aren't careful. You know how it feels those first few times when you're not use to having someone between your legs"

Ty blinked several times. It was apparent her thoughts were clouded and her head was most likely a swirling storm inside. "Yea, yea."

Deb wondered if she understood all that had been said, not that it was at all important. Seeing the drunken beauty at least consented to not going too hard on her, she gingerly approached with Jenny at her side to within a few feet of her while Ty knelt with her voluptuous heart-shaped ass resting squarely on her heels.

"Jenny," she said softly. "This is OK. I want to let her enjoy you and I want you to enjoy what she does." Deb stroked her cheek as Ty waited impatiently. "Just let things happen but whatever you do, don't let her make you cum. Promise me, my slave."

"Yes Mistress. Whatever you want." Her big soft eyes stared back at her innocently.

With that Deb placed her hand on the small of her back and pushed her forward the last few feet. Tyaja took her immediately, sinking her fingernails deep into her soft white ass. Everyone but Bobby stood gawking. Not taking time to tease, the ebony model buried her face into the pouty lips of Jenny's sex already wet with expectancy. Voraciously she licked like a starving child after days of going without. Jenny gasped at the intensity of her attention and felt deep pangs of arousal far inside her tummy.

While Tyaja ravaged Deb's woman-slave, Bobby manned Mistress' iPhone and pointed it at the two girls. Starting to Tyaja's far right he slowly walked behind her, moving ever so slowly to the other side; his index finger relentlessly tapping on the phones' screen. As soon as he walked three-fourths of the way around and stood almost directly behind Jenny, he approached, moving closer and aiming the phone at Tyaja hungrily licking the diminutive beauty. Jenny resisted the primal urge to pull her head more firmly into her. Instead she kept her hands at her side and arched her pelvis forward, giving her as much access as she could and giving Bobby the best opportunity to get clear pics. Meanwhile Bobby zoomed in ever closer, aiming and tapping again and again.

Sensing another presence Tyaja opened her eyes and stared up and over to her right, staring directly at the phone. She had a look of incomprehension for several seconds while Bobby tapped away on the screen with his index finger with the phone camera pointed right at her.

"You look so beautiful Ty," he said, not wanting her to stop. "I want you to see how hot you look eating her. I'm taking lots of pictures so you can see how dominant you are right now."

Ty's eyes smiled back all while keeping her mouth pressed gently against the swollen lips of Jenny's pussy.

"You are so beautiful," he said encouragingly. "Kiss her pussy for me. That's it; now lick it. You have such a hot tongue. You look so beautiful!"

Ty moved her head back just enough for Bobby to capture in his frame the site of her extended and pointed tongue splitting her precious slit in two. It was indeed the perfect shot and he captured at least ten times.

"Now that's so hot!" Bobby whispered. "It looks like you own this slut!"

"I do. And I will," she said in a muffled tone.

After almost two minutes of shooting every angle of her eating Jenny he handed the phone to Mistress who then vanished. A minute later she returned, hastily grabbed Jenny and pulled her away. "That's enough. You've had your fill."

Once more Tyaja appeared stunned at the intrusion. "But I wasn't done," she pleaded.

"That's all, sweetheart. I let you have your fun. Now it's time to go home."

As her memory pressed through the fog that clouded it she responded with a giggle, "Let me see the video. I want to see how I looked."

"Oh I'm sure you looked wonderful Ty, but let's save the pictures for another time. How about I send them to you in the morning? Then you can take your time reviewing everything when you have more time."

"OK," she said, seeming satisfied. "I think I'm too drunk to drive Deb. Everything is spinning."

"I called a cab for both you and Lisa. They're outside waiting. They will get you home safe and sound. Come by tomorrow. Your cars will be safe here."

A few minutes later Bobby closed the door behind them, leaving only Deb, Jenny and him alone in a house that would take hours to restore to normal. It was a mess!

"YESSS!!" Deb shouted. "Oh that was so perfect!! You all were great!"

Both slaves beamed delighted in her response. "Are you going to see how they turned out?"

"No, I'm going to wait until tomorrow. Then I can take my time and enjoy looking at every incriminating picture of that slutty bitch! I love Tyaja but she has a nasty side that has always repulsed me. I've been waiting too many years for this night. Finally I got my leverage!"

Deb enthusiastically embraced Jenny with all the passion she could muster. Kissing her forehead and cheek several times she broke away but still maintaining a firm grasp of her shoulders. "You're a genius for planning this!" She said joyfully shaking her.

Jenny smiled. "It did go right on cue. I knew she'd do it if we got her drunk enough but it was all you. You're the one that set it up perfectly by letting her have Bobby and then flaunting the fact that you owned us both. I knew that would put her over the edge – and it did," said with a giggle.

They all laughed and hugged one another. Bobby poured a sip of wine into three glasses and they toasted to victory before heading off to bed.

...

The following morning the threesome left the house a mess and headed off to the airport. Jenny departed on an 11:34 AM flight, flying first class. She had made housing arrangements with Rhonda two days previous and would be living in one of the mistress' quarters on the farm where she was assured all of her needs would be taken care of. It was with a joyful sadness that she left Bobby and Deb at the security checkpoint where they wished her well. What faced her was a chasm of unknowns. She knew virtually nothing of the farm. Yes, Rhonda had given her a cursory overview and that was enough to seriously entice her but that meant nothing in comparison to what she'd experience firsthand. How would she ever find that one who would fit her like a glove the way Bobby fit Deb? What if she made a mistake? What if she chose a slave who didn't pan out in the months or years ahead?

She knew she had to trust her gut instincts as well as the advice of the other women there who knew the men much better than she. Waving farewell, she blew them a kiss and smiled. Inside she felt a knot of anxiety. Pressing it aside she headed to Gate 18 and whatever lay beyond.

Mistress and Bobby returned home early in the afternoon after enjoying a quiet brunch. That was when Mistress informed him they were going to take some time to become reacquainted. With most of the catch-up work done with the business Deb intended to spend the next weeks getting back into shape and spending hours of alone time with her slave. She understood how much their relationship had suffered with so much change and uncertainty in both of their lives during the past year. How long she'd spend in semi-retirement she wasn't sure but she planned on taking as much time as they needed to get things back to their old ways.

Bobby understood there would be days where she'd have to work to maintain the status quo just as he would have to set aside time to complete his own duties. Regardless, the announcement came as welcome news and one that lifted both of their spirits.

While Bobby spent the remainder of the day returning her home to its pristine appearance Deb worked in the office. She needed another day or two of hard work before she felt comfortable stepping away from things for a while. During the hour just before lunch she composed a short email with several picture attachments and sent the post off to Tyaja where she was certain a bomb would explode as soon as she opened it. In that email Deb explained she had no reservations about going public with the pictures Bobby photographed last night. Indicating the attachments was but a small sampling of what she had she had. Included in the body of her email were the email addresses for both her record producer and agent. She needed to let her friend understand the seriousness of her intention. In return for her silence all she asked of Ty was to cease using the photos she had stored somewhere on her computer as barter to keep up with the oral sex she had demanded for so many years.

In closing she stated: "Ty, you know I love you. You are one of my best friends and although I didn't enjoy setting you up like I did last night, I did it knowing it was the only way to make you see things my way. I've hated what you made me do all these years. As of today everything ends. Today we bury our past. Today marks a new beginning for both of us. I promise to keep what I have to myself. All I'm asking of you is to do the same with what you have on me. I love you. I don't want to ruin your career just as I know you don't want to devastate my parents by showing them what you have. All I want is to be your friend. I love you.

Best to you!

Deb

...

When Bobby woke the following morning he quietly sat, rubbed he eyes to clear the sleep from them and was about to rise to begin his day; something he always did by letting Mistress sleep for another 30-60 minutes depending on her wishes. He felt a tug on his hip.

"Lay down," she said groggily.

"I need to make you breakfast, Sweetheart," he quietly disputed.

"Not today. I want to snuggle. Lie on your back so I can lay my head on you. I want to feel your body around mine."

Smiling within he slipped back under the sheet as she had asked and wrapped one arm around her while she rested contentedly in the crook between his body and arm. When they finally woke again it was late morning. Mistress' hair was a disheveled wreck but it only made her look more appealing than ever to him. He loved this woman; loved her more than anything or anyone he'd ever met. Her beauty extended beyond her outward perfection. In his heart he knew her real attraction lay inside. It was her caring, loving and giving heart to which he was truly endeared. If it were just outward beauty that attracted him he'd have found Tyaja to be just as luring but he had little love for her. In fact it was what lay inside that made him despise her and why he was so thankful she hadn't become his guardian after the accident.

"Let's make love, shall we?" she said warmly.

"I'd love to but can I brush my teeth first?"

She giggled one of those heart-stopping laughs and together they headed to the bathroom. After attending to the basics they returned and made love, hung out and made love again.

"Now this is nice!" she said from atop.

Bobby's cock remained buried deep inside and she was breathing hard. Even though they were unsuccessful in getting him to penetrate her cervix she felt just as close and in love. His rod still pulsed as her vaginal muscles unconsciously milked the thick cylinder she had become one with.

"I love this. I love watching you cum. I love watching you enjoy yourself. I love everything about us making love Mistress."

Deb moved in and out several times and then kissed him softly, her lips tracing a wet path from the corner of one eye down to his mouth where they lingered for some while.

When she broke the connection she looked deep into his eyes feeling warm and secure. "This was a good idea."

"What was?"

"Sending Jenny to the farm."

"I hope she finds someone and doesn't leave disappointed or frustrated."

"I meant sending her there because it enables us to be closer," she informed. "Like we are now."

"Oh." Bobby answered as face warmed to what she was alluding. "I've always told you the only woman I've ever wanted was you. You're all I need. I love Jenny, if you know what I mean, but I only want to love and be with you, Mistress."

Seeing her smile was all the answer he needed. He could see the deep sense of compassion emanating from her eyes. "Maybe we can do this again sometime," he said.

She grinned, "What's that; make love?"

"That and sleep in. It's good for us to spend time together like this."

"I know my slave. And we will. Trust me, we will."

"That would make me really happy."

Suddenly looking more serious Deb said, "I'm really sorry for making such a bad decision and putting you into such a predicament."

"You don't need to apologize to me."

"I know, but I want to. I should have listened to you and I didn't. I don't know what I was thinking. It was just stupid what I did and I'm sorry."

"It's really OK."

"No it's not. Just accept my regret. Can you do that?"

"Oh Mistress, I've already done that a thousand times. I love you."

Deb's eyes became watery at his words. "You are mine Baby; all mine."

"I am and I always will be."

Their day ended up being a relaxed one. There was nothing spectacular about what they did. But in the normalcy of life they started the process or reconnecting as a couple; a process that had begun in Arizona during rehab but unknowingly came to an abrupt halt when Jenny entered their lives. Meals, TV, walks, working-out and of course extended periods of love-making characterized today's activities as well as the days following. On several evenings they enjoyed a night out. Deb took him to dinner often. They attended a play put on by the local theater club, they listened to live music while enjoying an appetizer and beer at a nearby bar, and of course they cheered on the nearby minor league baseball team on several occasions while their home-stand of games lasted.

After three weeks of leisure Deb decided the time had come. After spending a few hours on the phone with family, friends and business associates she ended her final conversation feeling once more like a little girl on Christmas Eve. She could hardly wait. Bopping out of the office, her arms overhead and her hips and body grooving to a Lionel Richie oldie; she danced like a flighty teen. Bobby watched her boogie down to the classic "All Night Long" song while grinning from ear to ear. This was a side to her he rarely got to see but loved seeing her acting so free and easy to whatever it was that had put her into such a fantastic mood.

When a soulful Marvin Gaye tune began playing, he came to his lover, took her in his arms and together they danced. Mistress was as extraordinary a dancer as he was horrible. While he had no desire to join her on songs where the beat took on a power of its own he had no reservations joining her when the slower "hold me close" rhythms played. He could handle swaying but that was about as far as his skills and comfort level went. Smelling her perfume, feeling her body conform to his, knowing they were made to be together and realizing how happy she now was filled his heart with joy.

He couldn't fathom how much time she had given him recently and even though he was far from retirement, thoughts of being able to spend every day from now to forever with her flooded his thoughts. This was the life he wanted. She was the mistress he wanted to spend it with. Nothing else mattered. In his heart, as they moved slowly he hoped they would live to a ripe age so he could have the opportunity to serve her like the queen she was for many more years.

When the tune ended Mistress lowered the volume. "I want you to pack for a trip," she began. "I'll unlock what little clothes you have and get you a suitcase. I'll leave it on the bed in a minute.

"We're taking a trip?"

"We leave tonight."

He could barely contain his emotions, "Where? Why? For how long? For what purpose?" were all unspoken thoughts he wanted to ask but knew he couldn't. For whatever reason Mistress wasn't willing to divulge anything further at this time but the fact remained, they were going to travel somewhere and he knew wherever that somewhere was it would be fun.

"I love you!" Picking her up, he spun her around, squeezing her a little too tightly and laughing all the while.

"You're squishing me, you big brute! Put me down!" Her giggles betrayed her words but he heeded her command. "Now, get downstairs and take this with you. We need to get moving."

Looking at the sheet of paper he saw it was a list of items he was to pack. In the first column was a long list of articles to go into her bag and on the second was a rather short list of things he was to take. He grinned. "This was so mistress. Always making me feel like the submissive lover I am. She really does own me!"

The Best Gift Ever Ch. 12
byKatiekatsman©

The blinds and noise canceling headphones only came off when the 'fasten your seatbelt' sign flashed off and the engines powered down. Squinting, Bobby adjusted to the sudden brightness of the cabin even though he knew the sun had long since set. Looking around, he saw several nearby passengers staring at him curiously, many grinning and smirking. He'd been blind folded ever since they left home and the earplugs and headphones went on as soon as Mistress had parked in the airport lot.

Fielding questions from several passengers she had explained she had a surprise and didn't want him to know where he was being taken. However, it didn't take long for him to figure things out after getting into their cab. The directional signs were all too familiar.

"Tennessee?" he gasped.

"We're going to Riverton aren't we?"

Mistress grinned pleasingly. "If you say so."

"Why here? Are you going to see you sister?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Oh come on. Look, there's a sign for it. It's ten miles ahead."

After some minutes of silence she finally confessed. "We're going to the Marriott for the night."

"In Riverton Tennessee, right?"

"Are you trying to get on your Mistress' bad side? I told you we're going to the Marriott."

Bobby smiled eagerly. "You mean the Marriott in Riverton."

"You're getting close my slave," she warned while unsuccessfully suppressing an upward curl of her mouth.

"I love you. I thought we were going to go somewhere fun but the Marriott is fun enough."

"Is that all you need? Just some place different to sleep?"

"Maybe," he said accentuating the word.

"Then maybe I can take you to my sister's back yard and you could spend a night in her dog cage."

The thought of doing so, even though he knew she was joking conjured up emotions he had not felt in a while. The thought of bars against his body, the smell of urine and the filthy blanket he often slept with were all things he'd just as soon forget permanently.

"I think I'll take the Marriott instead and keep my mouth shut."

"That's a good slave," Deb patted his leg. "You learn fast."

...

The following morning was a blur. Mistress dressed elegantly, wearing an emerald green silk dress with complementary earrings and a diamond necklace that must have cost thousands. A stylist arrived soon after and stayed for a few hours doing her hair and makeup. All the while Bobby did nothing after showering and shaving except watch mindless TV. Sitting uncomfortably he waited, not understanding why she hadn't told him to dress similarly in the suit he had packed in the garment bag.

It was only when the beautician left that Mistress addressed him.

"Put your gray slacks and blue shirt on. We'll be leaving in a few minutes."

"Where to?"

"We're heading into town. That's all you need to know."

It was almost noon when the cab brought them all to a church located close to the downtown city district. It was one Bobby knew. Sharon had frequented this place during the period when he had been her slave. Only this time they didn't head down the side stairway to the reception hall in the basement where Mariko held her weekly meetings. Instead they walked up the broad marble steps and between thick columned posts and into the sanctuary foyer. Beyond, and through partially opened doors he could see into the sanctuary and saw it was mostly full.

Once inside Debra's persona seemed to magnify. He wasn't certain if it was a change he felt or some sort of transformation she actually made but regardless it was real and she seemed more dominate than ever. They were alone but Bobby could hear women talking just around the corner to one side.

"Bobby, Get undressed and put this on."

She waited patiently letting her words reach comprehension.

"Here?"

"Yes, here. Put your clothes over in that closet. Be quick about this Baby. We haven't much time."

"Yes Ma'am," he said quietly. "Whatever you say."

He disrobed and took the thick white leather collar Mistress had given him. Bobby fitted it snuggly around his neck. No sooner had he clasped the third and final buckle then Mariko appeared. She grinned from ear to ear.

"Look who dropped in to see us! Welcome back Slave." Only when her eyes met his groin did her jaw drop. "God almighty, what happened to you?"

Bobby said nothing. Out of instinct and of sudden fear he looked first to Mistress and then focused on the floor. At the sight of Mariko came a thousand memories. Pushing them aside, he knelt, out of a well-established habit and kissed her shoe.

Ignoring her cock reference he answered quietly. "It's good to see you Mistress Mariko."

Ignoring him she turned to Deb, embraced her warmly and spoke, "Are you ready?"

"I am."

"Does he know much?"

"Nothing. I did as you asked."

She looked down at him with his face still pressed to the floor. Mariko's facial expression remained inscrutable, but her admiration for him was more than evident. She knew he was an excellent slave and she appreciated a well-mannered and obedient one. She also understood Bobby was born to be one. Even though things hadn't worked according to plan, in some ways they had gone even better than Mariko had thought. Sharon had found someone she could love and own and Bobby had been placed with a dominant suitable to Deb's liking.

"It's as it should be," she answered. Reaching down she cradled his chin in one hand to raise his gaze. "Are you ready slave?"

"For what Mistress Mariko?"

"Always questioning. Someday you will stop even that." She pushed his head back down to the marble tiles.

"No matter. He's ready," Mariko said flatly.

With that she left through a side door and vanished, leaving only Mistress and Bobby in the spacious room. Mistress cupped his chin in a similar fashion to Mariko's grasp and blew him a kiss. They were quite the contrast; one immaculately dressed, the other completely naked. Mistress stood tall and slender and by her leg knelt her handsome slave looking helpless, despite his chiseled physique and obvious physical powess.

"You're mine," she said softly. Her words made him smile.

"Indeed I am."

"No, I mean, you really are mine."

Bobby beamed with gratitude. "I know."

"We're going through those doors in a few seconds. When we do, just make certain you do what you're told. I expect you to make me proud."

"Are we going..."

He never finished the thought as the sound of the pipe organ filled the sanctuary and the doors swung inwardly opened. As they did, both Mistress and her slave saw several hundred people standing in honor of their entrance. It was then that Bobby realized beyond any doubt why he was here. When they first arrived he wondered if she wanted marriage but his only knowledge of this church had to do with Mariko's weekly meetings, and besides, it was a Monday, not a Saturday.

Mistress led him easily, holding the chain that extended from the collar that bound him to her. She walked regally down the aisle while guiding Bobby. They headed to the front of the sanctuary. Deb smiled, her beauty blossoming amongst the myriad of ordinary looking women of various ages. Mistress was in the prime of life and genetically gifted. She walked amongst them in breath-taking beauty.

For whatever reason, Bobby knew it would be inappropriate to look up and so kept his eyes fixed downward, watching only her feet as a signal for how fast to move. He could sense the pews were full and from the brief glimpse into the holy room just before they moved he saw it was almost completely filled with women, probably fellow mistresses. Knowing Mariko was here and the sudden realization of being in the presence of several hundred mistresses made him feel diminutive and insignificant indeed. Knowing his balls and erection were drawing the attention of those behind he felt surprisingly insignificant and out of place – and very vulnerable indeed.

When they climbed the few steps onto the stage he dared to look and saw Mariko standing before them. She was clothed in a white robe. He caught sight of Sharon. She approached, walking through a side door leading onto the platform and stood to Mistress' left. No one came to stand with him. It only took a second to understand why. He was in the midst of a select group of women and at the wedding in which he was a necessity. However, the paradox of it all was how insignificance he was all the same. The ceremony was not, nor would it ever be, about him. Sharon was there because she held status akin to the hundreds of other women here and was Mistress' sister. She stood in support of what was about to happen. His value meant nothing in comparison to them and so he remained feeling small. His position symbolically representing his insignificance in the marital relationship that was about to be. Having no man to stand with him was but one more sign of his dependency to Mistress. He was alone except for her gift of dominating companionship that oversaw every part of his life.

Only Mistress remained beside him and yet only did so while gripping the chain that remained tight around his neck. The symbolism was vivid and powerful. She would be his only support and even then, it would be in of a marriage of supportive-oppression. There was never a doubt regarding her love for him and yet at no time did she ever stoop to become his equal. To do so would have been so out of sorts with his view of Debra Ashby as to be preposterous. She was a mistress. Every woman here was a mistress and Sharon and Mariko had reprogrammed him to see all women with that level of respect and honor. Once married Mistress would continue to be the powerful one. She would govern him and he would forever be her slave.

In some ways he had already been married to her. Bobby knew nothing would change in the way he lived because of this ceremony. He'd been her slave from the day he was given to her at Mistress Sharon's home. Only now their fate, if you would call it that, would be forever sealed. He felt his mammoth cock swell with pride. Even though he knew everyone who could see him he didn't care. It didn't take long for murmurs to reach him and he knew everyone must be watching. His massive balls and oversized cock must have made for quite a stir among those who appreciated that part of the male anatomy. Yet his pride for finally uniting with Mistress in matrimony filled with joy. He, Bobby Lewis, now Bobby Ashby would forever serve the gorgeous mistress to his left. It was a dream come true.

"Ladies," Mariko began, "you may be seated." After a pause she continued. "We gather today to celebrate with Mistress Debra. Today she takes for her own, a slave many of us already know. Her desire is to bind this slave in holy matrimony. Slave number 2235, found his way into my possession for a short time many months ago. I only kept him for a few days before giving him to Mistress Sharon. I knew from the day we first met he was made of ideal slave material. His previous life had been full of all the common and disgusting habits men often participate. What I saw however was a man who needed a little teaching and encouragement, if you know what I mean." There was a stir of laughter at her words.

"All he needed was to have someone show him the better way. It was during that time in training where he was formally broken, collared and trained. I must say, the transformation of this slave who kneels before us, naked and unashamed is one we should applaud. As you can see," she said pointing to him, "Mistress Debra had his genitals enhanced. Don't they look absolutely gorgeous?" The room erupted with cheers and applause for several seconds. Bobby's body responded by swelling to a rock-hard state.

"As I was saying," she interrupted and bringing the room to order. "This slave has made a wonderful transformation and so many of you are to thank for making that possible. It's examples like 2235 that speak to why we have the farm. It's why we meet weekly to support and learn from one another. It's why we recruit the individual talents some of you have to facilitate specialized training and subjugation of the men you call slaves. Never forget how much we need one another. Your examples are penetrating society at an increasing rate and our numbers are growing exponentially!"

Again there were unintelligible comments and remarks as so many mistresses identified with some or all aspects of what Mariko referred.

"This slave, collared by Mistress Sharon, was gifted to her twin sister, Mistress Debra. Since that transfer he has continued his enslaved service under her leadership which, by the way, I have heard has been excellent." Her remark brought a smile to everyone standing before the alter. It is with great pleasure that I stand with her now as we formally bond this slave to his queen."

And with that, she began the formalities.

"Do you Mistress Debra take this slave Bobby Ashby, formally number 2235 to be your married slave? Do you promise to guide and direct him; use him; enjoy him; watch over him and dominate him until death do you part or until seeing fit to release him to another? Do you promise to carry on the duties of mistressing him, of leading your home as you see fit, and of instituting lifestyle habits that daily reinforce both your sovereign power as well as his complete subjugation to you? Do you promise to discipline and punish him, train him without thought of his feelings, but with an understanding that pain, when delivered by his mistress is for his own benefit? Do you promise to execute these duties and uphold these responsibilities to the best of your abilities? If so, please answer for all to hear.

Mistress responded confidently, "I do, and I will."

"Then it is with pleasure that I extend to you this ring," She presented a gold band and slipped it on to Deb's finger.

"This ring is one worn by every Mistress ever married in this sanctuary. It is a ring given to remind you of your responsibilities to this slave as well as the status and power to which you hold. It is a ring given to remind you that you are not alone, nor will you ever be. We are your sisters. We promise to uphold you as we have upheld others before you. We welcome you to our circle of influence. Now, have you any words you'd like to say? The floor is yours." Mariko extended her hand as if to say 'you're on'.

No one present was more beautiful or carried themselves with more pride. The green sequined dress shimmered under the overhead spots that illuminated the platform. Standing with immaculate posture she looked out to the audience.

"I am beyond joyful right now." Her smile beamed radiantly.

"I knew within the week of getting him," she tilted her head toward the slave still on all fours and facing away from everyone, "that I wanted this day to come. And now it has. I couldn't be more pleased."

The ladies applauded, so much so that it made Deb blush. When the room quieted she continued.

"I know almost none of you and yet I feel intimately bonded with all of you. This was the place where Bobby's life took a turn for the better. I owe all of you that had a part in his training. I am indebted to so many and I thank you from the bottom of my heart for all you've invested. Mostly I need to thank my beautiful sister." Deb extended a hand and clasped her sisters. "This woman gave Bobby to me knowing he could help me through my own issues. In case you were unaware, I was raped and hadn't been with a man for more than ten years. I think Sharon saw something in him. She knew he would be able to fill the hole in my own life." She turned to face her elegantly dressed twin. "Thank you."

When Sharon turned and hugged her the crowd gave them a standing ovation. Deb shed tears and wouldn't let go of her sister's hand. Not waiting for the audience to quiet Deb walked the few steps to where Bobby was and stood with both feet planted between his hands. She faced the women in attendance. Lifting one leg she placed her foot squarely on top of his back. The point of her heel pressed uncomfortably into his flesh. When Sharon came to stand next to her, the room suddenly grew solemn.

Bobby's cheek brushed against her knee and he remained absolutely motionless in the quadruped position he'd been in ever since getting on the platform. He could see Mistress Sharon's feet standing immediately beside Deb's. Suddenly his heart throbbed when he sensed his two mistresses' presence so close by.

"Slave," she spoke clearly into the microphone, "this day has been all about me and it's going to end being all about me." Applause.

"Yet without you, I wouldn't be here. How ironic it is to say, I actually needed you to make this day happen but indeed I do. Your presence is vitally important although as Mistress Mariko noted, you are nothing within the hierarchy of a femdom marriage. You have no power and I will never offer you that privilege, so long as we are together. However, I married you because I love you first and foremost. Like every other bride that comes to the alter, she does so out of love for the man beside her. However what we've done had a bit of ironic twist. I came with you crawling naked beneath and beside me. I stood before the minister and in the presence of our guests and she directed her words only to me. She addressed me even though it was important for you to hear the promises I sacredly made. I came to this alter having a justified sense of entitlement. Never did I feel a need to make a promise to you. Instead I made my vow to these fellow women who also rule their men lovingly in whatever way they deem right. I gave my pledge to lead and subjugate you until death do us part. Apparently that's the tradition here."

Deb removed her foot from his back, cupped his chin and lifted it, forcing him to rise onto his haunches.

"I may be breaking tradition but it only seems proper for you to pledge your allegiance to me and so I ask: Do you promise Bobby Ashby to love and care for me?"

"I do," he said weakly.

Speaking with more force she repeated and pushed the microphone into his face, "Do you promise, Bobby Ashby, to love and care for me?"

"I do," he said now loud enough for all to hear.

"Do you promise to obey me always and forever and do so without question?"

"I do."

"Do you promise to look to my needs, my wishes, my wants, my desires and my aspirations and commit to making me your principle task in life?"

"I do," he said beaming with pride.

Deb smiled. "Do you promise to keep your body physically fit and your cock physically hard because you know it's what I love?"

"I do." The room filled with cheers and whistles at the question and subsequent answer.

"Do you promise to satisfy me sexually both with your mouth and with your cock and do you promise to worship my body at all times?"

"Yes Mistress, I do."

"Do you promise to love only me and never desire another, knowing if you do I will banish you to the farm until your dying day?"

There was a long pause and the room grew deafly silent. Bobby looked into her eyes and reached for her free hand. "I've loved you from the day you took me home. I've loved you and only you ever since. I promise in front of those here to love only you for as long as I live. I don't need a threat to continue doing what comes so easily and naturally. Nevertheless, I promise to love knowing the consequences should I fail in that regard."

Deb squatted and kissed him. The tension broke as quickly as it came. The room erupted again with applause and with a face glowing with joyful pride, Mistress Debra graciously bowed her head, acknowledging their approval.

Mariko, who had been standing several feet away nodded. The room grew silent and Charlie the blacksmith came onto the stage. Once he reached Bobby, Mistress grabbed him firmly by the hair and yanked his head back and held onto him tightly.

"Slave Charlie once collared this slave, giving him the number 2235," Mariko began. Charlie prepared his tools while Deb maintained her hold and kept his neck arched and throat exposed. Charlie quietly set his tools on a nearby wooden desk that someone had brought in and went to work.

"At the time of his collaring he was one of some twenty-two hundred slaves that had been processed by this chapter. Since then that number has grown steadily. You will be pleased to know Charlie recently collared slave # 4013 yesterday and has become increasingly busy. In less than two years the number of men now serving us has almost doubled. Charlie had to take on an apprentice a few months ago just to keep up with the ever growing numbers of slaves we now have serving womankind here in Riverton. This, my ladies, is something for which we can all rejoice. Femdom has finally gained a footing in this great land of ours!"

Cheers and whistles filled the room at the announcement. When they quieted Mariko spoke again while the thick steel collar was bent and hammered in place around the slave's neck.

"Mistress Debra has chosen to number him with his formally assigned number. Since 2235 had never been reallocated she felt it only right to collar him with the same indicator her sister bound him with. Out of gratitude for her generosity she decided to use his initial slave number and thereby keep the chronological record intact."

A minute later, after the few echoing pounds of the steel sledge had ceased Charlie gathered his tools and stepped aside.

"I present to you once more slave number 2235, slave of Mistress Debra Ashby from Texas. Mistress Debra, you may take your slave. He is now legally yours. Enjoy and use him in whatever way pleases you most. He belongs to you."

At this pronouncement the congregation stood. Bobby kissed the feet of Mariko and then his mistress. Surprising everyone, Deb pulled him to a standing position. His cock immediately jutted forward. Gripping it firmly she lifted it for everyone to see. The massive orbs dangled below. Flicking them playfully several times they bounced to and fro albeit stiffly.

"Jerk him off!"

"Make him cum!"

"Empty him!"

Excited and horny women called out. However tempting the offers were, Mistress declined. This was not the place for such antics and she would not have her wedding marred with such memories. She released his cock and pulled down on the leash Charlie had reattached to his new collar. Bobby returned to his original position kneeling on all fours. During the short time he stood he recognized several familiar faces. Kneeling just in front of the first pew was Jasmine. She was the only naked female in the room. She and Charlie were the only unclothed attendees he spotted; their nakedness signifying their status as slaves. Exotic Kamelah sat some rows back and a row behind her sat his daughter Jessica. When he finally picked her out of the crowd he felt the paternal tug on his heart and was glad Mistress had made him kneel. Even though he had been the absentee father in Jessica's life, she was still his blood, still his little girl, and he would forever remain her father. Nothing could ever change that. He only hoped she would never come to know of her relationship to him and continue to identify him as nothing more than a slave of which she spent time with, however briefly.

When the organ bellowed, Mariko led the recessional down the aisle and into the foyer. Bobby trailed behind feeling the movement of the heavy steel collar once more thick and immovable and wrapped around his neck. He had forgotten just how profound the weight of the metal felt and knew this time it would forever remain where it was.

Mariko, Sharon and Debra formed a line at the far end of the sanctuary and greeted each guest departing through the main sanctuary doors. Bobby was kept on his knees with his head bowed. When the first mistress kicked his forearms after pausing in front of his head, he realized he was expected to worship her feet while she conversed with Mistress Deb. As one mistress after the other engaged Deb he busied himself attending to their feet. Memories of the hours spent beneath Mariko's desk returned and he thought back to those early days when the thought of a foot to kiss, lick and tongue-massage were anticipations he relished. Now the act seemed foreign since foot worship of this sort was not something Mistress encouraged. However, by the time the first few women presented their feet, his instincts returned and he quickly accustomed himself to the task, ministering to them eagerly.

The difficulty came, not in maintaining the proper etiquette with his mouth and tongue, but rather from the distraction of having others waiting to greet the Bride fondling his genitals. After the first mistress bent to feel the imposing girth and length of his cock and abnormally large balls, groping him became part of the greeting process. Most did so briefly and with grasps more out of admiration than anything else. Some chose to inflict pain and although really couldn't hurt him by squeezing or twisting his cock they could easily bring his body into a tense contraction when they bore down on his immense balls.

By the time the procession had finished his oral muscles were sore and his balls ached from the ten or so excruciating vice grips some women had tortured him with. Between his legs lay a puddle of thick clear fluid, the result of the ever present stimulation. When Mariko spotted the glistening puddle she ordered him to clean up the disgusting mess which he did out of fear of what she might do to him.

Only then and when he felt certain no one was paying him the least bit of attention did he even dare to look up. He was pleased to see the bright smile of Jenny. She had come! Grinning with delight at seeing her, even if only for a moment, he returned to stare at the floor while listening to Mariko, Jenny, Sharon and Mistress casually interact. Oh how he wished he could join them but the thought of feeling either Mariko or Sharon's wrath kept him from even thinking of moving from his current spot on the floor.

Some fifteen minutes later, Deb knelt, spoke softly, and pointed. Bobby obeyed, crawling out through one of the side doors. He found his clothes, dressed and sat on the straight back chair and waited as he had instructed him. Mistress eventually returned but it must have been hours later. Everyone had long since left the building and the only noises had been the creaking of the age old structure that had become commonplace in this turn of the century house of worship.

Amidst the silence and hours of waiting, Bobby had time to think. What Mistress had done had completely taken him by surprise. Even though she had spoken of marriage prior to the accident she had not said much since. Although he had never doubted her intent to marry at some point he thought she would have told him long before that special day arrived. As fate would have it, she hadn't and left the discovery of her intent to a few minutes before the service and something he only fully realized seconds before she marched him up the aisle.

He had wondered how they would marry, anticipating it would be a simple ceremony with Lisa, Ty and Jenny since they were the only friends who fully understood their relationship. Bringing him here though was the perfect solution. Riverton was where they had met, and where Deb had been given Bobby by her sister. The Riverton area held so many memories in Bobby's mind given how short a time he had lived here. Mariko, Kamelah, Sharon, Jasmine, Jess and several hundred others had made the year one he would never forget. This was the place and time in his life that had changed his destiny forever.

Unable to contain the emotions of those memories made him want to both laugh and cry. Grinning when recalling the thoughts of fond events and cringing when thinking back to the pain incurred by so many women he alternately smiled and sobbed. Long gone was the thought of bedding a woman. Jasmine would forever be his one and only one-night-stand and now that those days were forever gone. He shook his head thinking back to when she threw herself at him. He had no regrets. That was a past life he never wanted to return to again. Replacing his old life living in the Tennessee country were hours upon hours of practice in which he had mastered the art of pleasuring pussy. He came to long to see the joy on a woman's face while she rode him to one climax after another. He loved the sounds and sights of the lovemaking act, knowing he had become the source of their pleasure. He couldn't remember the last time he thought of sex as a means to his own satisfaction. The thought seemed as absurd as it really was.

"I can't believe she did this," she said shaking his head and running his fingers and thumb against the cold steel enveloping his neck.

It happened so quickly. What was the ceremony – fifteen minutes? Maybe not even that. And his involvement? Damn, he wasn't even a part of it. More to the point, he was only there as an afterthought except for the few promises he answered to. But then, that was the whole point wasn't it? It was a celebration for Mistress and for the throngs of mistresses attending. The entire point of the service was her taking him, her binding him to her on her own terms and for as long as she wanted him. Yes, there was that caveat Mariko inserted into her vow – for as long as he was desired. He snickered at the thought but prayed their relationship would never come to that. He remembered having similar thoughts when Mistress Sharon had collared him but in the end, had chosen that same caveat. She ditched him on no uncertain terms.

Mistress Deb was different. He knew she was not cut from the same cloth even though they were twins. Mistress had assured him her love would never end. It's why she chose to marry rather than simply collar him and leave whatever commitment they shared an unspoken assumption. Ownership by collaring was one thing, but collaring and committing to lead, rule and guide while stating those pledges in a church in front of hundreds was quite another. What happened today was for keeps and he knew it.

While waiting, his mind drifted from today's events to his former life with Sharon, to the accident, to memories from high school, to Jasmine and on to a thousand other snippets from his past. He passed the hours in silence wondering where everyone had gone and why he had been left here alone on her wedding day.

"Bobby, it's time to go. Come." She spoke, startling him when she poked her head through the side entrance and spoke.

He stood, stretching the kinks from his back and knees and came to her. She greeted him warmly with a kiss and a playful tug of her finger against the steel collar.

"I guess we'll have to deal with that when we pass through airport security again, won't we?"

"You mean, you will. I'm a nobody remember?"

"You're my husband now and there's only one person in the entire world that can say that."

Grinning he understood the status she implied. He was among the chosen and as his hand glided along the curves of her waist and hips he was reminded just how precious she was.

"I'm so lucky to have you," he said softly. "Thank you Mistress for making me your permanent slave."

She sighed one of those longing hormonally-charged sighs. Draping her arms around his neck and looking up into his eyes she beamed. She let him see the unabashed joy conveyed by every part of her expression.

"I really own you now Bobby Ashby."

"Indeed you do. I was thinking how surprised I was by what you did today."

"Pleased with my actions I hope?"

"Oh yes Ma'am; very much so. Stunned, surprised and overwhelmed – but pleased."

"I wanted it to be that way. Well actually Mariko told me it would be best if I didn't tell you ahead of time."

It was then that he put it all together. The arrangement was classical Mariko. Leave the slave completely out of the picture because he has no need, nor right to know anything. Do things when you want, and tell any woman you want but forget the guy – the slave – for that's all he is and will ever be.

"That does seem like a Mariko sort of thing to do," he answered.

"Well, I enjoyed it and I loved being in the presence of so many women who held my same values when I married you."

"Why's that?"

She paused looking past him in thought. "It's hard to describe Bobby. I guess because I was reminded I'm not alone in what I'm doing with you mostly. When we turned and faced them I realized just how many women there are just like me. There were over five-hundred ladies that attended, Bobby. Five hundred! And Mariko said there were over four-thousand slaves in this area alone. God Bobby, we're in Podunk America for god sake. Just think how many femdom couples there must be when you think of New York and LA and Chicago and all the major metropolitan areas? "

"And there are an equal number of guys attached to each of those who are exactly like me. It takes two to make this arrangement work."

"We have more than an arrangement. Don't you ever forget that. We have a marriage and one in which I promised many things I will always keep intact."

"And I loved hearing every one of them."

Mistress reached high on her toes, bringing her lips to his. Taking control of his mouth with her tongue she explored it, reminding him it was hers to enjoy and play with whenever she wanted.

"Come on. We have a plane to catch."

Beaming Bobby asked, "Are you going to tell me or am I going to go blindfolded again?"

"Fiji," she said casually. The way the word rolled off her tongue it was as if that island was no different than flying to Nashville or some other nearby city.

"Fiji! Fiji?" He repeated. "Wow! We're going big time!"

"You can thank Mariko when we get back. She owns the place."

"Mariko has a home in Fiji?"

"That's right. She tells me it's completely secluded so you won't need much if anything to wear."

Bobby sighed lustfully. "Neither will you Mistress."

That statement made her to giggle shamelessly. "Then your tongue is going to be exploring my inner sanctuary all day long."

"It will be my pleasure. I just hope my balls don't get sunburned."

They chuckled as Mistress led him out the front doors and down the ageless stone steps.

"I hope I don't get any sand in my mouth if you make me kiss your feet."

She grinned looking up into his pretty eyes. Just before he closed the taxi door for her she responded, "Don't worry, I'll give you lots of my juice to wash it all down if you do."

The cabbie dropped them off at the Delta terminal. Bobby gathered up their two bags and followed behind watching once more the head-turning stares of so many. The last time they had walked in here she only had on jeans and a top, Now she was dressed to kill and he grinned thinking how very lucky he was to wear the ring around his neck marking him as hers. As he walked some distance behind he admired her grace and form for the ten-thousandth time. Guys young and old stared at the stunning woman in the emerald sequined cocktail dress and heels. He was certain her beauty made them all get hard.

"Too bad for them," he thought, "because my cock is the only one she wants and I'm the only guy in this entire planet who gets to feast at the incredible pussy hidden beneath that sexy dress."

"Bobby," she called. "C'mon. What are you doing so far back?"

"Lusting after my Mistress wife. And thinking how lucky I am."

Deb's eyes brightened and she playfully patted his cheek. "That's my boy. You know, a girl always loves a compliment from her man. "

"I know she does. You told me that just after we flew out of this very airport not so long ago."

"Indeed I did." She winked, smiled and then headed toward the escalator with him tagging along not so far behind.

