The Life and CFNM Times of Herbert Smith Ch. 01
byfmcchris©

(Author's Note: The idea for this story was suggested to me by my number one fan, Kevin, a great guy with the most unique imagination. I hope all my readers enjoy this story as much as I have enjoyed writing it!)

Chapter 1


The Smith family had lived in Point Lookout, North Carolina a good long time. Some residents can attest that the family had settled there just after the Revolutionary War. However, the Point Lookout Chamber of Commerce has a record on file of one "Smythe" family "newly arrived from Manchester, England," on February 24th, 1757, passengers on the British frigate Dulcimer, which landed at Point Lookout on the southern coast of North Carolina during an exceptionally heavy winter storm. John Smythe and his wife Abigail, who was five months pregnant at the time, were seeking a chance at a new life. Somewhere far from their squalid and increasingly debilitating existence lied a land of boundless opportunities, where a man might make his fortune. This new land, this New World, too abundant in promise to ignore, beckoned incessantly until both he and his wife could no longer sanction keeping their feet on English soil. And so they left, with only their courage and Abigail's modest dowry in their possession when they finally set foot on the shore of icy Point Lookout.

John's cousin James Smythe and his wife had settled in Point Lookout two years earlier. It was here that John and Abigail lived while their house was being built, only a few miles from his cousin's farmstead. Abigail's dowry was enough to purchase a twenty-acre plot of rich, fertile farmland upon which the house was to be built, and in less than a month the small, four-room cabin became the couple's new home.

John and Abigail worked hard over the years at making their farm a success, using slaves to perform the difficult labor of picking cotton. As a result, by the time the War of Independence broke out, they were one of the preeminent producers of cotton in all of North Carolina, making enough money to hire dozens of slaves to work the fields.

It was no secret to Abigail that her husband had a keen eye for pretty black girls, and she caught him on more than one occasion exposing himself to one or several of them while they picked cotton. She never said anything to him about it because his fascination with the girls never went beyond him masturbating in front of them. She thought it a most peculiar fetish, but a harmless one, and so she remained silent. But for John, the daily romps in the cotton fields were enervating. He loved jerking himself off in front of the giggling girls, who seemed to really enjoy watching his huge prick fire off gigantic volleys of cum high into the air. But the one thing they loved the most was the size of his member—at full mast, an impressive 13 inches in length. Huge penises seemed to be a hereditary trait in the Smythe family.

As the Revolutionary War raged on, John's cousin James decided to quit the rebellion and take sides with the British. James' Tory sentiments did not sit well with John and Abigail, and as a result, the cousins became ostracized, with John finally making it known that he wanted nothing more to do with the Tory sympathizers. In January of 1774 John officially had his surname changed to the more commonplace "Smith," forever disassociating himself from his cousin, and declaring to all that there was no doubt of where his allegiance lied.

The Smith family business became very wealthy and prosperous in the years following the Revolution, and was the major supplier of clothing for Confederate troops during the Civil War. When machines finally replaced slave labor the business prospered even more, ultimately becoming North Carolina's most prestigious producer of cotton goods. This success continued well into the twentieth century until the Great Depression forced a halt to the family's continued good fortune. By that time the company's stocks had dwindled and most of the family properties had to be auctioned off. However, the Smith General Store, which was started as an ancillary and modest enterprise, continued to be successful, and this success allowed the family to build several more stores in and around Point Lookout. During succeeding generations, a multi-mega corporation bought out the company, with the Smith family retaining 51 percent share of the company's holdings. The Smith family—rich, powerful, and with an eye to the future—seemed to have it made.

Herbert Smith, the latest incarnation of the quirky, fetishistic male line, was born on July 4, 1991. His mother, Helen, had died several years earlier in a boating accident, leaving his father Michael heartbroken. At 18, he was the youngest of three brothers, the other two, Frederick and William, being 20 and 22 years old, respectively. Herbert was the complete antithesis of his two older brothers. Gawky and bookish, and the shortest in stature at 5' 7", he had none of his sibling's fascination with cars, sports, and fast living. Although he did share Frederick and William's passion for the opposite sex, he was always awkward around girls, lacking confidence in himself and therefore unable to form any real attachments. It wasn't as though girls didn't find him attractive—they did. In fact, he was the most handsome of all the brothers, but unlike his gregarious and extroverted counterparts, he found his comfort in music and books, eschewing parties and almost all types of social gatherings where he might become the focus of attention.

But beyond the more apparent reasons for Herbert's semi-withdrawal from the world lie another vastly important consideration—one which was as much a part of his psychological makeup as it was a fact of anatomy: Herbert had a 15-inch penis. This abnormality was a daily reminder to the boy that the tube of flesh that hung between his legs would forever preclude him from having a normal sexual life and, even worse, make him the laughingstock of any females unfortunate enough to lay their eyes on it. His mother was the only woman ever to have seen his penis erect. And that was by accident. Helen Smith was a woman of 44 years of age. A tall, slender, brunette beauty, she was a kind and loving woman, but tended to have a stern personality. She warned her son that such a penis would prove problematical in his relationships with girls and that he should never expect any girl to become involved with him without him fully disclosing the truth about his "freak of nature". If there was any overarching reason why Herbert had become dysfunctional around girls, it was his mother's use of the word "freak" that most inculcated his young mind towards sociopathy. His brothers frequently kidded him about his "size," but such frivolity was usually reserved for when the three of them were alone. That they were circumspect about his condition did much to alleviate his anxieties, but his insecurities could not be assuaged. He knew his penis would always be a problem, and it would be so for the rest of his life. His mother may have died, but the legacy she left her son was not a healthy one.

Herbert's father was a man whose business took him to all parts of the globe. He was the CEO of Smith Industries, a company that had grown from its modest beginnings as a clothing manufacturer to producing a vast array of correlated goods, such as thermal clothing, heat-retardant flight suits, and protective underwater gear capable of withstanding enormous pressures. Michael himself had invented some of these types of apparatus and held over one hundred various patents. After Helen died, he threw himself into his work, taking on more and more assignments that often forced him to spend a great deal of time overseas. However, it was during one of the increasingly rare occasions when he found himself home that he had the good fortune to meet and fall in love with a beautiful woman attorney whose family lived in Raleigh, and had a similarly respected lineage as his own. Her name was Constance Ainsworth and she was a divorced mother of three young girls: Fiona, Lillian, and Amy, who were 21, 19, and 18, respectively. All three girls were blonde, like their mother, and each one just as beautiful. Herbert remembered the first time he had met Constance and her daughters. It was a month before the marriage ceremony and he was overcome with his soon-to-be stepmother's great beauty and charm. She reminded him a lot of Helen—tall, aristocratic, and proud, but without the sternness that prevailed in his mother's behavior. Constance was all fun and spontaneity—something the Smith household desperately needed. So it was with no small sense of gratitude that Herbert and his brothers welcomed their new stepmother and her equally intriguing daughters into their home.

Helen had taught her three sons to be courteous and deferential when it came to women. She demanded obedience and respect from the boys, and they gave it to her unconditionally. It was by sheer force of her personality that she retained such control over them, and it was not always easy to do so, especially once they reached their preteen years. But her perseverance in this respect paid off handsomely: she had raised three civilized young men of whom she could be proud.

Despite those rare occasions when the boys misbehaved, she never had to employ corporal punishment. This was left to Michael, if it was at all deemed necessary, which it rarely was. Helen thought that a system of rewards was far more effective than the strap, and that praise and encouragement were superior forms of conditioning than abusive words or behavior. In this she was proven correct, because each of the boys, and in particular Herbert, was always polite and respectful to everyone, especially any females with whom they may come into contact. Friends, family, and visitors to the home would often remark how well behaved and courteous all three boys were, and this had made Helen very happy indeed.

Immediately following the marriage, Constance and her daughters moved into the Smith estate. During the first few weeks she and the girls slowly became acclimated to their new, and far more luxurious, surroundings. She and her husband had divorced five years earlier, and she had raised the children on her own. The girls themselves were models of perfection; tall, graceful, and beautiful, their similar physiognomies offset by a dissimilarity in temperament that was more a matter of degree than of kind, which is to say that although each of them were possessed of a willful and determined nature, their likes and dislikes varied greatly. In the months to come, Herbert and his brothers were to experience firsthand just how willful and determined these girls really were.

Herbert's indoctrination into the world of CFNM fetishism began in a most unexpected way. One day he had been sitting by the pool in the backyard when Amy came casually waltzing by with a glass of lemonade in her hands. He had never seen the girl in a bikini before and it gave him quite a jolt. Although she had celebrated her eighteenth birthday only a few weeks before, her body retained nothing of the girlish baby fat so common in girls her age. Her high cheekbones, pouting lips, and large, liquid blue eyes, coupled with her tiny waist, long, shimmering blonde hair, and graceful, athletic legs, combined to form an essence of womanly loveliness that served as an immediate aphrodisiac to the insecure young boy. He watched her intently as she placed her glass on the table and then sat down a short distance away from him, thrusting her luscious limbs in front of her to catch the sun's rays. He was absorbed by her lithe, cat-like movements, so emblematic of the trait shared by her mother and sisters. For a while she said nothing, content to simply close her eyes and raise her head up toward the sun.

The simple fact that such a goddess was sitting within arms reach would be enough to drive any man to distraction. But in Herbert's case, her presence enjoined a much more vivid response: he got a huge hard on.

He didn't mean for it to happen, but it seemed his penis had a mind of its own. Slowly he felt the huge monster within his bathing suit start to grow, and the only thing he could do was to throw his towel over his lap to conceal it. Thankfully, Amy's eyes were still closed, but he could not stop staring at her even though he knew that in doing so he would only exacerbate his problem.

She was indeed beautiful. For the nearly two months that Constance and her children had lived in the Smith home, he had observed mother and daughters closely (as he knew his brothers had also done), finding them congenial and kind, although somewhat elusive and even, at times, distant. The girls, especially Fiona and Lillian, seemed to have more in common with Frederick and William and spent more time with them than they did with him. But Amy seemed to genuinely like Herbert and often sought out his company. Herbert thought this was due to them being both the same age, but it was also because Herbert actually listened to what Amy had to say, unlike her older sisters and his brothers who saw her simply as someone who was too young to be taken seriously.

Now, as she sat before him in all her resplendent glory, drinking in the sunlight as if it were some rare form of rejuvenating tonic, he tried to forget that she was his stepsister and imagined himself licking the underside of her dainty little feet, absorbing each pretty toe within his mouth one by one and lavishing his utmost attention upon them. He knew he shouldn't be thinking of her in such a vulgar way, but it was the very idea that he could think such sinful thoughts that made his libidinous imaginings so utterly enthralling. As he sat there contemplating how wonderful it would be to lick and suck those delicious, inviting toes, Amy opened her eyes and caught him staring down at her feet.

"Is there a bug on me?" she asked, drawing both of her legs back.

"No," Herbert replied, annoyed at himself for having been caught staring.

Amy smiled wryly. "Then what were you looking at?"

"Nothing."

Herbert knew Amy was no fool. In fact, she was far more astute and intuitive than either of her sisters. This was one quality she shared in abundance with her mother.

"Nothing…right." Amy took a sip of lemonade and once more extended her legs in front of her. She then reached for a tube of sunscreen and held it toward Herbert. "Well? Would you like to do the honors?"

She had never asked him to do anything for her, let alone touch her body. He felt thrilled at the idea of running his hands over her legs, but he paused nervously, knowing that he couldn't stand up without revealing his erection. The opportunity to actually make physical contact with this beautiful girl was overwhelming, but his sense of shame was more powerful still.

"I'd like to but I can't right now," he said.

She looked him straight in the eyes, the edges of her mouth lowering into a frown. "What do you mean, you can't? Or don't you want to be bothered?"

He felt her gaze cut right into his soul. "No, it's not that. I really can't. That's all."

For a few moments she simply looked at him, pondering his vague expression. Then she burst into laughter. "Oh, now I get it! This has to do with us being a family—it's the stepbrother/stepsister thing, right?"

Herbert jumped at her incorrect conclusion. "It would make me feel uncomfortable."

"You know, we're not related by blood, Herbert. So you really shouldn't feel uncomfortable at all."

"I guess so," he replied, feeling foolish.

"So, come on," she said, holding the tube of cream in front of him once more. "Do your 'sister' a favor."

She said this with such delightful coyness that Herbert couldn't refuse. Thinking quickly, he moved his chair toward her without having to stand up. With only a few moves, he had positioned himself so that he was directly facing her. "Okay, put your legs up."

Amy happily complied, raising one leg, then the other onto Herbert's bony knees. She then thrust the sunscreen into his hand. "Get to work, brother!"

He took the tube from her and drew out a large blob of cream onto his palm. He then rubbed his hands together briskly and began to apply the sunscreen to her right foot. As soon as he made contact with her skin he felt his penis expand to new heights.

"Mmm…"she said, contentedly. "That feels nice."

"You have great skin," he said, feeling the need to compliment her.

Amy watched him rub the lotion over and in between her toes. "You think so? I always thought my skin was kind of dry."

"I don't think so," he said, concentrating on the area just above her ankle.

Amy studied his handsome face and smiled. She loved being appreciated—especially when that appreciation was shown by boys.

Herbert's prick was now at full mast. Heavy with semen from not having ejaculated for over a week, he knew that it wouldn't take much to get him off. If Amy even moved her foot so much as an inch or two toward his erection, he might lose control and cum right there in his bathing suit. He had to focus his mind on other things.

"You know my dad is going away for three months, don't you?" he said.

"I know. Mom told me."

"He'll be in England most of the time, and then he's going to Germany, France, and Italy. I wish I could go with him."

"I'd love to go to Europe," she said, as she watched Herbert apply lotion to her other leg. "I think the Europeans are much more civilized than we are."

Herbert laughed. "I think you make a good point."

As he continued to assiduously concentrate his efforts on the young girl's graceful limbs, the towel, which had previously been his only source of protection from her penetrating gaze, had fallen onto the patio floor. Suddenly he was gripped with fear.

Looking down at the towel and then at Amy, he realized his secret was out. Bad enough that he had an erection at all, but the size of his penis, now unabashedly revealed through the fabric of his tight-fitting bathing suit, made her gasp with disbelief.

"Oh, my God!" she cried. "Please don't tell me that thing is real!"

The abomination he had managed to successfully conceal from all the females in the household for the past two months was now exposed. Herbert hurriedly reached for the towel and placed it in his lap. He felt like his penis had betrayed him. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry," he repeated over and over again. He held the towel in front of him and removed her legs from his knees. Rising to his feet he apologized profusely to the startled young girl.

Amy's expression changed abruptly from one of incredulity to one of amused curiosity. "It's okay. It's okay," she said, trying to calm him down. "I know all about it. I just didn't really believe…"

"You know about me?" asked Herbert, his voice full of agitation.

"It's kind of like, common knowledge, you know."

He swallowed hard. "Common knowledge! Are you kidding me?"

"I thought you knew."

"I can't believe this! It was Frederick and William, right? They had to go and open their big mouths! God forbid those guys should ever keep a fucking secret!"

"It wasn't them," she said calmly.

"Then who told you? Who was it?"

She paused before answering, hoping the delay might lessen the blow. "My mother told me—and my sisters."

Herbert looked at her in disbelief. "Your mother?"

"Your father told her and she told us."

Herbert's erection had disappeared, deflated, just like his ego. "My old man. I don't believe it. Why would he do that to me?"

"Don't be too hard on him, Herbert. My mother caught you once in your room masturbating. Your door wasn't locked and she thought you were out. She asked your father about you and he told her. She has a way of getting what she wants."

Herbert sat down on the chair feeling lost and betrayed. "This is so fucking embarrassing. I mean it's bad enough having a monstrosity for a penis, but to have your stepmother catch you jerking off like that…God, I just want to die."

"Oh, come on. Don't be ridiculous. So you have a huge dork. So what? Most guys would kill to have one like yours."

Herbert was both surprised and titillated by her extremely candid remark. There was no doubt that she was quite precocious for her age, but the use of the word 'dork' took him completely by surprise. "No," he continued. "Not one like mine. You haven't…"

"I haven't what?"

"You haven't, you know, seen it."

Amy chuckled. "No, but it's not easy to hide a package like that. Anyway, my mother has seen it, and she says it's a whopper."

Herbert had to laugh despite himself. "She's got that right. And she caught me jerking off in my bedroom! How am I going to face her now?"

"It happened two months ago. Relax. She's cool with it, you know? And you should be too."

"Really? You seem to act like it's no big deal."

Amy suddenly became silent. She reached for her glass of lemonade and took a few gulps. Herbert noticed that she took her time responding, as if she were undecided as to what she should say. She looked up at him and then resumed applying sunscreen to her leg at the same point where he unexpectedly left off. The moment of indecision was over. "It really is no big deal to me or to my mom or my sisters. We see naked guys all the time."

It wasn't so much that she said what she said, but rather the intonation of her voice that made Herbert's heart skip a beat. It was he who now cast a penetrating glance in her direction. "What do you mean you see naked guys all the time? Are you putting me on?"

"No," she replied in a somewhat blasé fashion. "My mother decided that now that your father will be away for a long time that we run things a little differently around here."

Herbert gave her a puzzled look. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"Have you ever heard of a fetish called 'CFNM'?" she asked him.

"I know about it."

"Well, my mother and my sisters actually live the CFNM lifestyle."

Herbert knew about CFNM. He had tons of pictures and videos of CFNM-related content on his computer and jerked off to those images frequently. In one respect he was thrilled to know that his stepmother and stepsisters shared his interest in this unique fetish, but on the other hand, he was shocked and totally unprepared for the girl's frank admission about her knowledge of the subject. "What does that actually mean—'live the CFNM lifestyle'?"

"It means that we enjoy being clothed while having naked men around us. We have CFNM parties all the time. Well, at least we used to until we moved here. It's like the ultimate power trip for a woman. The guys are like kind of our personal servants, you know? We keep them nude and kind of boss them around. But they love it. And you and your brothers are going to love it to."

She said this with all seriousness, but Herbert thought it was all some elaborate joke. "You're kidding me, right?"

Amy laughed. "No, I'm serious. You and your brothers were raised to treat women like queens. Your mother did a great job there. It's going to make it a lot easier for us to get you naked and keep you naked. Don't worry. I told you you're going to love it."

Herbert didn't quite know what to make of it all. Was this girl for real? Or was she playing games with him? "You really expect me…"

"And your brothers too," she cut him off.

"You really expect me to walk around the house naked just for your pleasure?"

"Well, don't you want to? I think it would be lots of fun."

"You think it would be fun?"

"And you would too! You get to cater to our every whim and we repay you by letting you walk around naked for us. And if you're good boys we might even let you jerk your dorks for us. Doesn't that sound good to you?"

Herbert howled. He knew when he was being put on. "Ha! Good one! Nice try, Amy!"

"I'm not kidding."

"CFNM is a fantasy. It's doesn't happen in real life."

"Oh, really? Well, you're going to find out," she replied emphatically.

The finality in her voice bothered him. Could it be possible that Constance and her daughters really did practice CFNM as a way of life? And if so, did his father know about her predeliction for playing the dominant female in a house full of nude males? He, of course, would never kowtow to his stepmother's demands to walk around the house without clothes on just to satisfy her whim. And he knew his brothers would laugh at the suggestion as well. The whole idea was completely outrageous. Yet, something about exposing himself to them, with his enormous penis jutting out obscenely in front of him, was powerfully alluring.

Herbert watched as Amy's beautifully manicured hands applied lotion to her arms. She rubbed the liquid in with slow, deliberate strokes, looking up at him frequently to gauge his reactions. She knew that one day soon he would be standing in front of her and her mother and sisters completely nude, subservient to their combined will. The thought of it made her shudder with excitement.

For Herbert's part, he felt himself fighting a losing battle. The behemoth in his pants was once again stirring, unexpectedly turned on by the assuredness of the girl's attitude. He was experiencing a strange phenomenon that occurred to him only in his most secreted universe: that the epitome of his sexual capacity could only be realized once he had surrendered himself to a woman's power. He wanted to be controlled by this effervescent beauty who now sat beside him so self-assured and proud. He wanted to devote his entire life to making her happy. He wanted to be her footstool. And he knew that she knew! Suddenly the bulge in his bathing suit bespoke of what was going on in his mind. Without hesitation, Amy took her right foot and placed it on top of his cock. Herbert fell back, shocked at her unexpected gesture.

"What are you doing?" he blurted out.

"Playing," she replied, waving her foot in the air. "Why don't you just take it out and beat it off for me?" she said in a matter-of-fact tone. "I've been dying to see it anyway."

"You have?"

"Of course. Come on. Take it out and jerk it for me."

Herbert realized that this was an opportunity that only a fool would squander. Her desire to see him masturbate for her was real and suddenly he felt his inhibitions dissipate into thin air. "I want to, Amy. I really want to," he replied reaching for her foot with his hand and moving it up and down over his penis. "Christ, you are so beautiful."

She smiled ever so faintly. "I want to watch you shoot your cum."

"My cock is really big. I'm warning you. You might be shocked. It might turn you off."

Amy took her other foot and tried to force down this bathing suit. "Turn me off? Are you crazy? I love huge fucking cocks. I love big balls too. They hold lots of sperm."

The lewd dialogue and the girl's unapologetic demeanor were driving Herbert up the wall. If he didn't do something soon, he felt that her words alone might be enough to push him over the edge. He pulled off his bathing suit and let his huge prick fall out. Amy gasped.

"Fuck!" she cried. "That thing is beyond enormous!"

"I told you. I warned you!" Herbert exclaimed, turning away from her.

"No, no, it's all right. God, it's so fucking big!"

Herbert thought that most girls would have screamed and run away at this point, but Amy sat there unabashed, both amazed and captivated by his outstanding specimen.

"Turn around Herbert. Let me see it."

"You're not going to make fun of it are you?"

"Make fun of that?" she replied. "Of course not. Now turn around."

Herbert did as he was told.

"Have you ever measured it?" she asked him.

"Yeah," he replied. "It's exactly fifteen inches long."

"Fifteen inches," she muttered. "And your balls. They're huge too!"

He lifted up his scrotum to give her a better view. "You said you liked them big."

Amy laughed aloud. "I do. Fiona told me that guys who have big balls always shoot the biggest loads."

"Is that true? I never heard of that one."

"Well," she giggled, "we're going to find out very soon, aren't we?"

Herbert nodded in agreement. "I haven't cum in over a week," he stated without embarrassment.

"Good," she replied. "I love it when guys do that multiple spurt thing. Can you do that?"

"I don't know."

"Well, don't worry about it. Just give me a huge fucking load—lots of squirts and spurts. I love that!"

Herbert began stroking his cock furiously. Already pre-cum was dripping from the tip of his huge organ. He was so horny now that all it would take is a few more hard pulls and the semen would be on its way.

"I never thought I'd be doing this in front of such a beautiful girl like you," Herbert said in all earnestness.

"Give me everything you have," Amy said, watching his every stroke with fascination. "Don't hold anything back."

At this point it would have impossible for Herbert to do any such thing. Feeling the sperm rush up into his shaft, he thrust his hips forward and cupped his hand around the tip of his prick, focusing on the tender sliver of flesh just under the glans—his most sensitive point. His orgasm hit him like a freight train.

The first thing he was aware of was not the long, thick jet of sperm that jettisoned from the tip of his cock, but Amy's wild laughter at seeing that same rope of cum arc up and away into the nether regions of the rock garden. It was a monumental blast that he could have never imagined.

"Yes!" Amy cried. "Go Herbie! Let's see it!"

As if in compliance with her command, Herbert's prick roared back and fired several sticky wads of hot cum high up into the air, followed by another burst of cream that actually found its way onto the girl's legs. She shouted with glee when she saw Herbert's hot white cum splash onto her thighs, rubbing the semen into her skin as if it were sunscreen.

Herbert's hands were covered in sperm and yet he continued to fire off huge ropes of cum one after another. Amy was delighted at seeing such a splendiferous amount of semen being ejaculated all for her amusement.

"This is so cool!" she laughed as Herbert shot off several more rounds of spunk, which landed on the patio floor in front of him.

Finally, his orgasm subsided. He fell into a chair, exhausted and sweaty but feeling more alive than he had ever been. "I don't think I've ever cum like that in my whole life," he managed to say between breaths.

"I guess my sister was right," Amy said, amazed at all the sperm that coated the patio. "Guys with big balls do cum a lot more."

After Herbert had a chance to relax, he and Amy began talking about more mundane subjects. However, once the conversation turned to CFNM, Herbert found that his penis once more began to get hard. Amy knew what was happening right away.

"All this talk about CFNM really turns you on I can see," she said pointing to the bulge in his bathing suit.

"I guess so."

"Take it out again. I want to jerk it off."

"Really?" Herbert asked, his entire body tingling with anticipation.

He started to remove his bathing suit.

"No, let me do it," she said, putting a hand on either side of his bathing suit and pulling it down to his ankles. She laughed when she saw his huge tool pop into view only inches from her lovely face. "I'm going to drain this monster of every bit of sperm."

"If I didn't know any better I'd think you've done this before."

"Are you kidding?" she replied. "I've jerked off lots of guys, but mostly when my mother throws one of her CFNM parties. She likes to watch me do it. Now just stand there and be quiet. Let me see if I can get my hands around this fucking pole of yours."

Herbert couldn't believe what he was hearing. Constance liked to watch her daughter masturbate men! What a pervert she must be! But as much as he found her admission shocking, he was also thrilled at the idea of the same thing happening to him! What a far cry from his own mother these women were!

As Amy began stroking his cock all other thoughts quickly evaporated from his mind. It actually took both of her hands to perform the masturbation, but she soon had him losing control. It only took all of thirty seconds to get him to cum. On one of her upward pulls, the fifteen-inch monster prick released another torrent of hot, white seed, shooting high up into the air above Amy's head. She followed the creamy ejaculate with her eyes, watching it splash down on the patio only a few feet from where she sat.

"I love the feel of your cock!" she said as she gave him three quick tugs, sending yet another load of stringy semen chasing the one before it.

Herbert was experiencing a most unique mind/body displacement. It was as if this girl had taken complete control of his body and that his mind was elsewhere watching the proceedings from afar. He watched his prick shoot out continuous streams of cum, provoked by the girl's unrelenting handjob. But he couldn't believe that it was his own body. He didn't know that his body was capable of producing so much sperm. He didn't know that he was capable of feeling the intense pleasure he was receiving from those amazingly lovely hands of hers. It was a revelation that he had never could have hoped for in a million years. And yet here he was—her captive, her devoted servant—willing to do anything for her, so long as her hands kept pleasuring him.

Amy laughed as another one of Herbert's incredibly long bursts sailed out toward the pool. She had counted at least a dozen or more ejaculations and couldn't believe any guy could hold that much cum in his balls.

" Keep it going, baby!" she said, stroking his prick up and down very quickly.

Herbert let go with another set of multiple orgasms, each successive rope of sperm falling a bit shorter than the one before. And then it was over.

"Jesus, man," she said. "Unbelievable load!"

She took her towel and wiped the sperm from her hands.

"That was fucking incredible. I didn't know I had it in me."

"I thought you might," she said. "God, my hands are tired!"

Herbert wiped the semen from his cock and hands and pulled up his bathing suit. He was in no hurry to cover up his prick and no longer felt any embarrassment at being nude in front of Amy. She admired the way he handled his semi-erect phallus, moving it deftly with one fluid motion into his bathing suit.

"Let's not tell anyone about this okay?" she said to him.

"No problem. It will be our secret."

"Oh, and one other thing," she said, as she picked up her glass and started to walk toward the house. "Don't get it into your head that you're ever going to fuck me. That's never going to happen. I'm still a virgin and I intend to remain that way."

After Amy left, Herbert took the garden hose and washed away all evidence of his lust. His mind was still in a state of mild shock. It would take days before he could really comprehend everything that happened. But this unprecedented event, so unlike anything he had ever experienced, told him that he was on the verge of an epiphany—one that would open up a door into a new and electrifying world where Amy and her sisters, and even Constance too, would be the new mistresses of the Smith household, with all the attendant rights and privileges such an appellation might convey. The thought made him shiver with delight. But best of all, the monkey that had been on his back for so long, first put there by none other than his own mother, was now gone. He needn't be worried any longer that girls would run from him en mass once they encountered his prick face to face. His cock might indeed be a "freak of nature," but it was not something repellant. Amy certainly didn't think so. And that was good enough for him.

As Herbert finished tidying up the patio several pairs of eyes looked down upon him from an upstairs bedroom. They had seen it all, and now they would make their move.

************


"There are going to be some major changes around here," Michael Smith said flatly.

He sat at the head of the dinner table with Constance on his right side and Fiona on his left. Lillian and Amy sat opposite each other while the three boys sat at the further end of the table. Family dinners had become the norm since Constance had arrived. She had insisted on it and Michael was happy to oblige. Herbert liked the fact that these dinners helped to get the family better acquainted, not to mention that he got to spend more time with Amy.

"What kind of changes, dad?" Frederick inquired.

"Well, as you all know, I am leaving for Europe in a few days and I'll be gone for about three months. Constance is going to be in charge and I want you boys to do whatever she says. She's the boss now. You guys got that?"

"Sure pop," Herbert said genially. "No problem."

William shook his head but said nothing while Frederick continued to poke at his steak with a fork.

"Gentlemen?" Michael said, addressing the two boys. "Am I getting through to you?"

"Sure dad," William said not looking up.

"I'm cool," was all Frederick would say.

Michael shrugged. "Look guys, I know you're not happy to see me leave, but I really have no choice. Please don't make it any harder on me than it already is, okay?"

All three boys nodded their affirmation.

"Okay, then," he continued. "I'm going to turn things over to your stepmother."

Michael reached for his glass of wine and took a long swig. He was going to use the word "mother" but his respect for Helen would not allow it. He knew that the boys would never call Constance "mother" in deference to their biological parent. And Constance would never demand it of them. She would use other, subtler, ways to cement the connection between them such that it would not present a disparaging reflection upon Helen's memory.

Meanwhile, Herbert could sense that his father was a little nervous, which was unlike him. Constance, however, was all smiles and self-confidence. He knew something was going on between them but he couldn't put his finger on it. The girls had been very quiet all during dinner and this concerned him because all three of them were quite loquacious otherwise.

"It's no secret that I, and my daughters, have a fondness for dominating men," Constance began. "We have lived here long enough for you boys to know that. And I think Amy proved that to you the other day. Did she not, Herbert?"

"Yes," he replied, sheepishly.

William almost choked on the food he was chewing on. "What? What did she prove?

"Right now you don't need to know the details, and neither do you, Fredrick," Constance replied. "All you boys need to know is that, with your father's approval, this house is going to be run as a CFNM—that's 'clothed female, naked male'—household. From now on, all the men will go around naked whenever my daughters and I tell you to."

Both Frederick and William laughed aloud but Herbert said nothing.

"This is not a joke," Michael said, raising his voice. "Now stop laughing and listen to what she has to say."

"Oh, come on, dad!" William said. "You really expect us to walk around the house nude just because she says so? You must be kidding!"

"He's not kidding," Constance replied. "Your father has come to realize that he has had latent CFNM tendencies all his life. Your mother knew about it but did not understand it. I do. And I intend to make sure you three know it too."

Fredrick and William looked at Michael as if waiting for him to admit that this was all a big joke.

"This is a put on, right?" Frederick asked his father. "Right, dad?"

Michael looked at his son and smiled. "This may sound strange to you Freddie but I've always wanted to be controlled by a woman. I don't mean out there in the business world, but here at home where I can act out my fantasy. Constance and the girls are used to controlling men and I want the three of you to experience this wonderful CFNM life she's talking about."

"But why, dad? Why allow yourself to be manipulated?"

"Don't look at it that way. It's not like you're going to become a slave or anything like that. Although some men do like being totally submissive, I'm not one of them and neither are any of you. Think of it as a switch from a patriarchy to a matriarchy. Women are going to be the ones in command, the ones calling the shots."

William looked puzzled. "Is this a turn on for you pop because I don't get it. Shouldn't a husband and wife share power equally? Why does one have to be superior to the other?"

"That's one of life's great misconceptions. There is no real equality in marriage or any other social system. Men are superior in some things and women are superior in others. Women are the natural communicators and nurturers. They are the ones who should be in control—not us. Men always mess things up because they think with their peckers."

"And that's one of the reasons why there are so many wars," Lillian said. "It's a power trip. Women don't make war."

"And you think by us living this CFNM lifestyle of yours that male aggression is simply going to disappear?" William countered.

"No," Constance replied. "But it can be contained. We have ways to keep you satisfied."

"You mean docile," Frederick said.

Constance smiled. "I prefer 'satisfied'. And you will be. If you'll only give it a chance."

"Look guys," Michael broke in. "I can't control what goes on in the world, but I can control what happens under this roof. I'm asking you, as a favor to me, give it a shot."

"What if we don't want to," William asked.

"Then you don't have to. No one is forcing you. All I want you three to do is give it a try. You might find that you like it. I certainly do."

Herbert had to admit to himself that he had never seen his father so happy ever since he and Constance had been married. For his part he was more than willing to shed his clothes for these beautiful women and he hoped that his brothers would too.

"I'm willing to go along with it," Herbert said, giving a quick smile in Amy's direction. He turned to his brothers. "What about you guys?"

"It's pretty damn weird if you ask me," William said. "But I think I understand where pop's coming from. Sure, I'm in."

"Does this mean that you have to walk around naked too, dad?" Fredrick asked.

"Of course, son. Constance and the girls have seen me naked many times already."

This admission came as quite a shock to all the boys.

"I don't believe it!" William cried. "In front of the girls?"

"Oh, don't be such a prude!" Fiona retorted. "Being naked in front of us is no more offensive than walking around nude in a nudist colony. What's the problem?"

"The problem is that he's not your father," Fredrick said.

"So you're saying you're ashamed to see your father nude?"

"Well, yeah. Wouldn't you be?"

"For your information, Fredrick," Constance said. "The girls have seen their biological father nude on many occasions. It's nothing new to them."

Frederick sighed heavily. "Wow. I'll be damned."

Amy, who had been silent all evening, now chose to speak up. "I think it's time that you had your consciousness raised, Freddie. And you too, William. I suggest that all three of you—and you too, dad—remove all your clothes right now and we'll begin your indoctrination."

"Thank you, Amy," Constance said. "I was just going to suggest the same thing."

"What?" Frederick said, looking uneasy. "Right now?"

"Come on, son. Don't be shy," Michael said as he began to remove his pants and shirt. "Put yourself in the hands of these beautiful and intelligent women. You might actually learn to appreciate what they have to offer."

"I'm not sure I want to take off my clothes just yet," William said nervously.

"This is not some kind of experiment in terror," Constance assured him. "Just pretend you're at a nudist beach and everyone, and I mean everyone, around you is completely nude. There's no shame in it. Trust me."

"Well, I don't see you making any attempt to take off your clothes."

"You're missing the point," Michael said. "In the CFNM way of life it is the men, and only the men, who are naked. The women always remain clothed. It is the symbol of their mastery over us. Now do as your stepmother says and take off those damn clothes."

Within minutes Michael was completely nude, standing unashamedly before Constance and her daughters. His sons, with the exception of Herbert, wouldn't even look at him. Reluctantly, William and Frederick removed their clothing, choosing to remain seated as they did so to prevent the women from seeing their genitals.

"I don't see what the problem is," Amy said to William, who was taking his time removing his underwear. "I've seen Herbert's equipment up close and none of you guys can measure up."

"Ha!" Michael laughed. "I don't think there is anyone in this entire state, maybe the entire country, who can measure up to my boy."

As he said this Herbert's fifteen-inch prick sprang into view as his underwear fell to the floor. "I used to be ashamed of my dick," he said looking down upon it. "But Amy made me feel special. I don't care if anyone calls me a 'freak' anymore."

And with that he moved his hips back and forth rapidly so that his enormous appendage bobbed up and down. Everyone laughed.

"You two should listen to your brother," Constance said to William and Frederick, who were still slowly removing the last of their underwear. "In the CFNM way of life, no man is judged by the size of his dick—only by how he treats his mistress."

"Yes, your majesty," William replied with mock seriousness, as he tossed his underwear into the air.

Constance and the girls had never seen him or Frederick naked, and they were surprised to see that he had a pretty sizeable weapon of his own.

"Nice!" Fiona remarked, eyeing William's semi-erect cock.

"And what do you ladies think of this?" Frederick said, as he whipped his own 10-inch meat stick out.

"That's nice too!" Lillian observed. "He's got big balls too, mom."

Constance giggled. "I can see that. In fact they all do. That's a good sign."

"Of what?" Frederick asked.

"That you guys are probably fully loaded and big shooters."

"Well I know of at least one guy who is!" Amy said, casting her glance upon Herbert. "A really big shooter!"

A few months ago and Herbert would not have been caught dead standing naked in front of anyone, especially a woman. But now, his fears allayed by Amy's unconditional acceptance of his unique physical qualities, he stood proudly with his legs slightly apart, his prick on show for all to see.

"Now what do you want us to do?" Frederick asked Constance.

"I suggest that all of us go out onto the patio. It's so lovely tonight and I think all of us could use some after dinner drinks." She turned to Michael. "Why don't you and the boys prepare everyone some drinks and then we'll get started."

"Of course, my love," Michael said, kissing Constance on the lips. "Anything you want. Let's go guys."

"Uh, dad," Herbert asked his father. "What did she mean by 'we'll get started'?"

"Your stepmother is going to give us an idea of how she is going to run things around here from now on. She may even ask us to perform tonight, so be ready."

"Perform? What does that mean?"

"Masturbation, Herbie. She may want us all to relinquish our precious seed in service to her whim."

"Like Amy had me do the other day?"

"Exactly. You have to please your mistress and do as she says. And sex is a major part of CFNM. Don't be afraid. You already have a head start on your brothers. Just relax and enjoy it."

Herbert couldn't help but feel that he was dreaming. He was already primed for what was going to take place next because he had a shared CFNM experience with Amy, who if not laying it all out for him at once, at least gave him an indication of what the CFNM lifestyle was about, and what was expected of him. His father, too, had been indoctrinated by Constance and was equally unabashed. But his brothers had no idea what they were in for. In fact, he thought it a bit strange that neither Frederick nor William really put up much of an objection to going naked in front of the women. He could only surmise that the Smith psychological need to practice fetishism was not confined to only one or two of the male side of the family, but in its own egalitarian way was shared by all.

When all the drinks had been brought out to the patio and the women attended to, Constance asked Michael and his sons to sit down while she explained to them what their roles would be in the new order of things. She made it clear that this was a voluntary decision on their part, and that none of them would be made to feel uncomfortable if they wished not to be a part of her CFNM lifestyle.

"But I will have you know gentlemen that if you decide not to play by my rules, then you will not be invited to take part in all the CFNM parties and events that I will be hosting."

"Damn, I wouldn't want to miss that guys," Michael said to his sons. "It sounds like a hell of a lot of fun."

"It is," Constance agreed. "Very much fun, indeed. The girls can tell you."

"The stripper parties are the best," Amy assured them. "Those black guys are huge! We get them to cum inside champagne glasses and dishes…"

"Okay, okay," Constance said interrupting her. "All that will come later. Now, let me begin by laying down some ground rules."

END OF CHAPTER 1


The Life and CFNM Times of Herbert Smith Ch. 02
byfmcchris©

Constance wasted no time explaining what she expected of the three boys in her new CFNM-run household. To Herbert it seemed as if he was entering into a kind of twilight zone world, but without all the attendant horrors that were sometimes a part of that often malignant universe.

As he watched his stepmother proceed through a laundry list of items she had carefully written down on a piece of college-ruled notebook paper, he thought of a woman who would brook no disobedience to her commands, but whose personality was also going to make the adventure fun. He was particularly interested in the parties that were going to take place at the estate. The thought that there were going to be lots of women attending these parties—some as young as Amy—made him very happy. Now that the young girl had helped him overcome his inherent shyness around the opposite sex, the idea of showing off his mammoth cock to a roomful of women filled him with great anticipation.

"And from time to time I may ask you boys to serve our guests," Constance said, looking up for a moment from her notes to cast a supervisory eye over her naked stepchildren. "You will, of course, perform these duties in the nude."

"But what if we happen to get…you know…an erection?" William asked her. "What do we do?"

Constance and the girls laughed. "You carry on with your duties of course, unless one of the guests wants to use your penis for her own use. In that case, you defer to her judgment. If she asks you to do something you personally find objectionable, you come and see me."

Herbert thought that was a fair arrangement. "So we're not like slaves or anything, right? I mean…we can refuse to do something we don't like."

"Of course, Herbert," she replied. "Believe me, after a few drinks some of these women do get a bit wild. They'll ask you to do all kinds of things. But you have the right to say no at all times."

"So we're not talking 'valley of the dominatrix' here are we?" Frederick asked with his usual candor.

"No. Although you will find a professional dominatrix or two, you absolutely do not have to submit to them. But you must behave with respect and courtesy to every woman or girl. I will not tolerate anything less from any of you—and that includes you, too, Michael."

Herbert's father rebuffed the implication. "Me? Oh, come on, Constance. I worship the ground you walk on."

"Yeah," Amy noted. "Is that why you keep her feet so clean?"

The sisters couldn't help stifle a giggle.

"Your stepfather has a foot fetish, so what?" Constance said nonchalantly.

"You do, dad?" Herbert asked, looking puzzled.

"Yes, I do," Michael, replied. "Always did. Your mother never liked to have her feet touched. But Constance loves it when I suck and lick her feet. And I enjoy it very much, myself."

So that's where I get it from! Herbert thought to himself. My desire for women's feet was inherited from my dad!

Upon hearing this, Constance abruptly sat down next to her husband and extended one of her legs toward him. "Since you enjoy it so much, my darling, why don't you go ahead and start sucking. My feet need a good cleaning."

All three boys were somewhat taken aback by her presumption, but Michael thought nothing of it, eagerly getting on his knees and shoving the toes of her right foot straight into his mouth, sucking away with relish.

"That feels so nice!" Constance said, as she watched her husband orally caress one toe after another, treating each one as if it were a precious morsel to be savored.

Lillian and Fiona stared at the spectacle with satisfied smiles while William and Frederick looked on in amused fascination.

"Gee, dad," William said. "I didn't know you had a thing for women's feet."

"Neither did I." Frederick said, watching his father lovingly attend to his stepmother's dainty little toes. "I'm a breast man, myself."

Michael momentarily removed the delectable foot from his mouth. "You don't know what you're missing boys. Constance has the sweetest feet in the entire South."

It was a little disconcerting to Herbert to see his father in such a subservient role. But then he was doing his wife a service that both she and he enjoyed. So who was he to say that his father was really being relegated to a subservient role? It was his father's choice after all.

As he watched his father lovingly and passionately suck on every manicured toe, he felt the same desire beginning to possess him. But in his particular case, he wanted the benefactor to be none other than Amy herself. He stole a glance at the headstrong girl and saw how much she was enjoying his father's loving treatment of her mother's sexy and delicate feet. He noticed too that his other stepsisters, and even his two brothers, were all getting turned on from simply watching Michael's tongue gently skit over each toe, paying special attention to the underside of his wife's feet. Constance was in heaven.

"Oh, God…" she moaned. "Yes, that's it! Lick each one, suck…suck…lick."

Herbert thought that she might be close to having an orgasm, so well did his father perform his oral duties upon her feet. However, if she were truly entering a state of orgasmic bliss, she didn't want to be the only one experiencing it.

"Okay boys," she said to her stepsons' leering faces. "I want each of you to give my daughters the same treatment—now!"

It amused Herbert to see Constance in such a euphoric condition and yet be able to bark out a command as if nothing were amiss. He found this to be particularly erotic. But why he couldn't fathom.

Without breaking his stride, Michael gestured to his sons that they should follow his own example. Before any of the boys could respond, the three girls giggled loudly and wiggled their toes in the air.

"Do as mommy and daddy tell you!" Amy said teasingly, looking directly at Herbert.

"Go ahead, boys." Constance ordered. "Start licking!"

Herbert wasted no time in getting to his knees in front of Amy. He had been dying to get his tongue around those impeccable toes of hers for months, and now his chance had finally come—and being ordered to perform the task made it even more enticing. He noticed that it took a little longer for both William and Frederick to obey Constance's command, but a disconcerted glance from his father sufficed to get both boys on their knees. Fiona literally shoved her foot in William's mouth, making him wince. She only laughed and wriggled her toes even more just to irritate him. Lillian however was quite genteel about the way she approached the idea, allowing Frederick to grasp her foot with one hand while he lowered his open mouth onto her big toe, as if testing some strange food.

Within minutes all three boys were feasting on the smorgasbord of feet placed before them, relishing the heady dish with surprising delight. Even William and Frederick, both of whom had no particular fascination with women's feet, found themselves caught up in the kinky antics demanded of their stepmother. But it was Herbert who really enjoyed sucking and licking Amy's lovely little feet.

"You've wanted to do this for a long time, haven't you?" Amy said to Herbert as she watched his tongue dart in and out between her toes with methodical devotion.

"Yes," he mumbled, as he sucked her little toe into his mouth. "I love your feet. I love everything about you."

Amy smiled with satisfaction. She knew there was nothing that Herbert wouldn't do for her. Even if William and Frederick tended to regard her as too young to become a permanent part of their world, she knew that Herbert would always be there. And in time maybe her other two stepbrothers would come to realize her true worth and stop seeing her as "just a kid".

"Now isn't this just wonderful?" Constance cooed, rubbing her left foot all over Michael's face while her right foot was buried in his mouth.

"Oh, yes mom!" Fiona laughed. "I love having my toes sucked!"

William looked up at the pretty vixen, enjoying himself despite his initial reluctance to perform this singular service. "I have to say, Fiona, that you really have splendid looking feet. And I'm really not a foot man."

"All my girls have beautiful feet," Constance said with a breathy voice. "The more you devote yourself to them, the more you will come to appreciate them. And that goes for…all of you."

She could barely get the words out. Herbert hadn't noticed it before but his stepmother's right hand was hidden under her dress, feverishly playing with her genitals. He thought she might have an orgasm any time soon.

"It's so nice to be worshipped, isn't it?" Lillian remarked. "To have a man at your feet."

"That's where they belong!" Fiona replied, looking down upon her stepbrother like the stern mistress she could sometimes be. "Keep sucking, William!"

Suddenly Constance let out a loud moan. Herbert turned his head to see his father's tongue avidly sucking on her toes as the woman embarked on a series of powerful orgasms.

"Oh, God!" she screamed, as she threw her head back and locked her legs around Michaels head.

It was quite an astonishing sight, Herbert thought to himself, to watch his stepmother writhe in ecstasy in front of her three children. The woman really had no inhibitions at all it seemed. He thought it an example of shocking depravity for her to behave in such a way but yet, for some reason he could not explain, he also found it extremely erotic. He saw that his father had thought so too. For despite his father's assiduous attention to his wife's toes, he was sporting a huge erection. For the first time in his young life, he had not only seen his father naked, but in an aroused state. The effect of all this was to produce a similar reaction in himself.

"Well, look at you!" Amy said to Herbert. "Like father, like son."

The young girl's eyes lit up when she saw that both Herbert and her stepfather had both achieved huge boners—and all because of their fixation with feet. Herbert felt a bit ashamed that he was not able to contain his excitement, but seeing his own father in a similar condition allayed any discomfort he might have felt.

Constance was coming down from her orgasm, a warm afterglow permeating her body. She removed her foot from Michael's mouth and bent forward to place a kiss on his lips. "It's time," she said.

"Time for what?" Frederick asked her.

"You'll see," Michael replied. "Okay, boys. Get up and stand before your stepmother."

The girls were reluctant to suddenly have their feet go unattended, but they knew what was coming and chuckled amongst themselves.

"Initiation time!" Amy squealed.

All three girls smiled coyly as the boys were made to stand directly in front of their reclining stepmother, the erect penises of Herbert and Michael jutting before them like two parallel flagpoles. William and Frederick were both semi-erect, but soon they too were starting to show signs of life.

"What are we supposed to do?" William wanted to know. "I feel stupid just standing here."

"You won't feel stupid for long," Fiona said with a sly grin.

"Yeah," Lillian said. "Wait until you see what mom's got in mind."

Michael positioned himself between his sons, his prick facing directly in front of his wife's feet. "I know this is going to be strange for you guys," he began addressing the boys, "but your stepmother and stepsisters demand it. And we must obey."

"Obey what?" Herbert inquired. "What do you want us to do, stepmother?"

Constance laughed. "It's very simple, Herbert. You're going to give me a footbath."

"A footbath of sperm!" Fiona giggled.

"Yeah," Amy said. "Mom needs some foot lotion!"

"What?" Frederick asked. "You want us to jerk off on her feet?"

"That's it!" Lillian replied.

All three girls moved from their respective positions so that they could get a better view of their mother's baptism by sperm. Amy stood to the left of Herbert while Fiona and Lillian stood behind Constance.

"This is one of the ways in which you pay homage to me," Constance said to the boys. "You're father has done this many times. It's a gesture of subservience and respect. I hope you have all saved up nice big loads."

Fiona reached under Michael's testicles and giggled. "I think step-dad certainly has!"

Indeed, Michael was so turned on that his twelve-inch prick was now leaking an abundant amount of pre-cum, some of which was already dripping on his wife's toes.

"My, my, look at that," Constance said, as she watched the clear fluid land onto her feet. "I think somebody's ready to launch some seed."

"I...I can't hold back baby!" Michael rasped between clenched teeth.

For Herbert and his brothers this was a landmark event. None of the boys had ever dreamed that they would be witnessing their own father climax right in front of them and the wickedness of it all made Herbert feel both depraved and excited. He watched his father stroke his fat cock until the head swelled to the size of a Portobello mushroom, the tip glistening with pre-cum and ready to fire its full supply of semen.

Constance never took her eyes off Michael's feverishly stroking hand, liking her lips in anticipation of his orgasm. She let the toes of both feet tickle the underside of his scrotum until he could take no further stimulation.

"Give it up, dad!" Amy laughed, as she gave his ass a hard slap.

That was all it took. His prick, rearing back like some piece of artillery, let go with a giant spurt of cum that flew up into the air, striking Constance on her right breast.

"Whoa!" the surprised wife squealed. "Give me more, baby!"

Michael didn't need any coaxing. One after another the thick, creamy ropes splashed all over her body, coating her in his copious seed.

Herbert and his brothers stood transfixed at the sight, watching the multiple shots of cum adorn their stepmother's body as if someone had taken a bottle of hand lotion and was furiously pumping the dispenser up and down at rapid speed. Yet despite this, all three boys continued to stroke their pricks without stopping, so absorbed were they with the incredible spectacle of watching their own father cum.

"What a fucking load!" Lillian said, enjoying the sight of Michael's sperm as it painted wayward designs on her mother's chest, legs and feet. "Go for it, dad!"

In response to the girl's demand, Michael fired off a half dozen more sticky wads of cum, this time directed all over his wife's toes. By the time he was finished, Constance was grinning ear to ear. "That was the biggest load you ever gave me," she said, looking extremely pleased. "What did you think, girls?"

"Fucking cool!" Fiona said.

Lillian shook her head in wonderment. "Look at all that creamy spunk! He really unloaded on you mom."

Amy reached over and took her stepfather's still erect penis in her hands and gave it a tug. "This is a dangerous weapon!" she laughed.

At first Michael was a little surprised by his stepdaughter's unexpected behavior, but he said nothing, knowing that his wife would not disapprove. He grabbed a towel and wiped some of the sperm from Constance's legs and feet and then cleaned the residue of cum from his prick. "Okay, boys," he said as he gingerly stepped aside. "Give your mistress what she wants."

Surprising as it was to them, both William and Frederick were now on the verge of orgasm, dutifully aiming their pricks straight at Constance, who was anxiously awaiting their combined offering.

"This is so fucking depraved!" William blurted out, as his fist flew up and down his greasy pole with alarming speed.

The women couldn't help but laugh aloud at the beet-faced lad and his ridiculous posture. Frederick was no less self-consumed, looking as if he were going to explode any second.

"In this house we demand huge cumshots," Constance reminded the boys. "Right, Amy?"

"Right, mom," Amy replied, her eyes focused on the two boys. "We have a thing for sperm."

"And we like it in huge amounts," Constance said, as she poked her toes into the nut sacks of both of the masturbators.

"I don't think that's going to be a problem, mom," Lillian chuckled. "Look at the size of their balls!"

Fiona agreed. "Big balls, big loads. Guaranteed."

Herbert didn't know which of his brothers had ejaculated first, but whoever was responsible startled Constance with an enormous flying stream that hit her smack on her left cheek, which then ricocheted onto Fiona's arm.

"Oh, my God!" the girl shouted. "He got me!"

She had no sooner uttered these words than the ejaculations began in earnest, sending all the women into hysterics. Multiple streams of cum were now splashing onto the outstretched legs of Constance, who was trying desperately to intercept each arc of hot, sticky spunk with her feet. It was a useless effort. William's prick simply jettisoned one huge arc of spunk after another, all of which missed his stepmother's feet completely and landed on her upper leg. Frederick's cock also seemed to have a mind of its own, sending one creamy spurt of cum after another onto Constance's thighs.

"Okay, boys," she said, watching the confluence of sperm upon her legs with delight. "Give me everything you have in those young balls of yours!"

Her words were like fuel to the young masturbators, both of whom were eager to please their new mistress. With astonishing alacrity, both William and Frederick complied with their stepmother's command and sent forth another salvo of hot semen, both loads splashing into the toes of her right foot. Constance was delighted. "That was splendid! Simply splendid!" she said, rubbing her two feet together to play with the sperm.

"I see they take right after their father!" Fiona observed.

Michael smiled. "It seems they do."

When both boys had finished ejaculating they quickly made room for their younger brother, who was now preparing to add his own creamy contents to the mix.

"I think I know who's going to shoot the biggest load of all!" Amy giggled, as she suddenly grabbed Herbert's cock and gave it three short bursts and a long pull. "Can I stroke it, mom? Please?"

"Go right ahead," Constance said. "Just try to aim the cum at my feet this time."

"I'll do my best," the young girl replied as she wrapped her tiny hand around Herbert's fifteen-inch monstrosity.

Everyone's eyes were glued to Herbert's humongous tool. There was no other place to look. Herbert felt that he had just hit the lottery. To be masturbated by the girl he adored, and to shoot his spunk onto the feet of the woman he wanted to please, had formed the epitome of his dreams. Amy's expert handling of his shaft and balls gave him the impression that she was far beyond her years in matters of sexual technique. And it was this fact, coupled with her innate precocity, which drove him insane.

"A monster load from a monster dick," Amy joked as her hand quickly flew up and down on the giant shaft.

Herbert's father and brothers watched in amazement as the young girl's firm grip brought his huge cock to its fullest dimensions. Already the little slit atop his prick was slick with pre-cum, and Amy used it like lube to help accelerate her handjob. Within a minute Herbert was humping her hand, ready to shoot his pent-up load of hot cream.

"That's it Amy," Lillian said, urging her sister to make Herbert shoot off. "Jerk that big fucking dick! Make him shoot off!"

Herbert felt the semen rise up his engorged prick, his orgasm only moments away. "Oh, shit!" he cried, looking down at Amy's lovely fingers dancing all over his dick. "You're gonna make me cum!"

"I know!" Amy laughed, giving him three hard upward pulls.

Herbert felt his huge balls tense up as the first in a series of intense ejaculations commenced. The first shot sailed completely over Constance's head, hitting Lillian right in the face. It happened so quickly that the girl had no time to react.

Ugh!" she screamed, as she moved deftly out of harm's way. The unexpectedness of it made everyone laugh. Amy pulled up hard once again, forcing out a very long rope of sperm that flew over everything.

"My feet, baby!" Constance cried. "My feet!"

Again, everyone in the room started to laugh, including Herbert. He was proud that he could ejaculate with such power, even if everyone thought it amusing.

"Okay, mom," Amy replied. "Here...catch!"

And with that she coaxed out a series of multiple cumshots that each landed directly on her mother's feet. Within seconds Constance's toes were thoroughly saturated with sperm.

"I love this!" Fiona laughed as she watched Amy provoke one giant rope of semen after another from Herbert's enormous tool.

Herbert was still ejaculating when Amy suddenly decided to let go of his cock to give her tired hand a rest. Despite the lack of manual stimulation, Herbert's penis continued to fire off round after round of sticky white semen—all of it landing squarely on Constance's toes. The girls found it especially amusing watching the great tool rear back and forth of its own accord like some possessed jack in the box. Herbert was amazed himself, reacting with astonishment at the incredible amount of cum his unmanned cock was firing off. By the time he was done ejaculating, Constance's lower torso was entirely awash in his prodigious offering.

"Jesus Christ!" William exclaimed. "Where the hell did all that come from?"

Michael thought the whole thing very amusing. "Herbert's got grandfather's gift all right. I used to be able to cum like that myself when I was his age."

Constance quickly rose up from her seat. "I'm glad to see it runs in the family," she noted. "But right now I've got to get in the shower and clean up all this mess."

"Here, let me," Michael said, taking his wife's feet and cleaning each one with a towel. "I'll draw your bath."

"Thank you, darling," she replied. "Join me?"

"Of course!"

"Well done, boys!" Constance said to her stepsons. "Goodnight!"

Michael took his beautiful wife in his arms and carried her upstairs without saying a word. A long, thin strand of semen hung from the tip of Herbert's penis. He was still experiencing a series of mini orgasms: something he had never felt before.

"You," Amy said to him as she took her index finger and placed it under the dangling sperm, manipulating a portion of the viscous fluid onto the tip of her fingernail, "have a very naughty penis!"

With that, the headstrong beauty opened her mouth and sucked the sperm off her finger. Herbert was in love.

************


Iris Fields was an astoundingly beautiful young woman of twenty-eight, with long red hair and striking green eyes. She was of medium height with long and exquisitely proportioned legs that gave one the illusion that they were longer than they actually were. The few, faint freckles that adorned the area around her nose and face added, rather than detracted from, a charming sexiness to her otherwise flawless complexion. She had been a teacher of English at the Point Lookout high school for five years and was adored both by faculty and students. She was strict but fair, always ready to smile, and lived her life by her own self-styled code of ethics.

She was also a devotee of CFNM. This, of course, no one knew—not even her best friend. She spent hour after hour on the Internet searching the various CFNM web sites for anything she could find titillating. One of the things she enjoyed most was watching naked guys with huge dicks getting jacked off by clothed women—especially if those women were of the dominant type and the men were black. She particularly enjoyed watching men jerk themselves off in front of the women, as they often did in the Japanese CFNM videos. She was also turned on by watching men get spanked and ball-busted, although she did not like hard domination or images of wanton cruelty, even if they were feigned. All this she kept a secret and shared with no one.

It had always been Iris's contention that it was best to keep certain things to oneself and not to advertise to the world your personal predilections lest the world use such information against you. To look at her one would think she was the most demure person in the world. But little did anyone know that underneath that placid surface lurked the churning waters of Scylla and Charybdis, between which she perpetually navigated in order to keep her lusts at bay. But she was growing tired of the self-imposed stricture of maintaining a virtuous lifestyle at the expense of sexual expression.

For several years Iris had been contemplating a change from her rather staid lifestyle toward something more left of center. She wanted to experience something novel—something that would free her from the narrow confines of her rightwing, Christian upbringing. What prompted this desire for change not even she fully understood, revealing itself to her as a general feeling of dissatisfaction with life that made her want to search beyond the limitations of her provincial world in the hopes of discovering some new sexual awareness that so far had not been realized. How she would begin her journey into this novel sexual world was something that preyed upon her mind night and day. Her preoccupation with such thoughts often made her feel as though she was betraying her innermost convictions—that she was somehow immoral for simply thinking of them. Yet the urgent needs of the body, and the sexual imaginings that resulted from them, demanded fulfillment in the tangible world and could no longer be denied.

She had never been married, and was unattached even now. But despite a long list of boyfriends, no one had ever satisfied, let alone awoken in her, the wanton sexuality that was waiting, like a dried piece of kindling, the spark that would ignite it into a raging inferno. Little did she know that all that was soon about to change.

It was sometime during the second half of the spring semester that Iris suddenly realized that she had become fixated with Herbert. He was not only one of her best pupils, he was also extremely handsome, kind, and most importantly, deferential to women. Frederick and William had both been in her English class and she had thought very highly of them. Both boys had graduated a few years earlier, but the way they treated her and the female pupils in the school was always exemplary, and this fact was not lost upon her. She would smile every time they would volunteer to help one of the girls with her math homework, or to hold a door open for them or to carry their books. Herbert was no less devoted to pleasing women than his older brothers were, and followed their example in every way. She found this remarkable in someone so young.

For his part, Herbert looked up to Iris with the utmost respect and admiration, not only for her intellectual and moral qualities, but also for her unsurpassed beauty. She knew how he felt about her; the way he strove to outperform his classmates—in order to impress her; the way he listened attentively to all she had to say; and especially the way in which he devoted himself to making her happy. In every way imaginable, he represented to her the perfect student: honest, intelligent, and unselfish. But it was not these characteristics that had been the cause of her fixation—it was Herbert's penis.

At first she wouldn't even admit it to herself, thinking that the huge bulge that appeared so often in his pants should not have instilled such impure thoughts within her. But it did. More than once she had seen him play with himself under his desk, or adjust his pants to accommodate what must have been for him the very uncomfortable experience of trying to tame his hardening penis by constantly moving about in his chair. Unfortunately, he and one other boy were the only two males in the class, so he was forced to be as discreet as possible so as not to draw attention to himself from the female students. This tactic did not always work however. And after a short while, most of the girls knew what was up. Mercifully for him, the girls were subtle in their teasing. But there were a few that found infinite delight in his discomfort, eyeing his enormous package as if it were the most amusing thing on earth.

Iris however found nothing funny about Herbert's recurring erection problems. He was only eighteen, and she knew that his hormones were on overdrive. It happened to all boys his age. She could only imagine how difficult it must have been for him to concentrate on his studies while trying desperately to ignore the demands of his lower body. She noticed sometimes that he would run to the boy's room after class, holding his books in front of his groin, hoping no one would notice the straining penis within his jeans, imaging him standing over the toilet furiously jerking his swollen prick until a torrent of hot, white seed splashed into the bowl, offering him welcome relief. The only thing that could have improved the picture was for her to replace his hand with hers, deftly manipulating the bloated shaft until she could feel the pent-up cum rising within it, and watching with breathless anticipation as she provoked him to ejaculate his sperm high into the air.

With such thoughts in her mind, Iris stood before her students with their most recent and corrected English tests in hand. It was the beginning of the third week in May, and this had been the last quiz her students were to take prior to their final exams. As she walked around the room handing out the tests, she was amused by the gleeful exultations of those students who had earned a passing grade as well as those whose groans indicated that they had earned a less than satisfactory result. But what she did not find amusing, and what concerned her most, was that Herbert, who unfailingly received A's on all his tests, had now failed to achieve even a C.

As she handed him the test, she watched his smile turn to a frown. She could see the boy was visibly upset but said nothing to him at that moment except that she wanted to see him after class. She had noticed that over the past few weeks his concentration in class had been waning and she couldn't understand why. Although her concern for the boy was real, it was also a chance to get him alone.

Herbert refused to look at his teacher, knowing full well that within those startlingly beautiful aquamarine eyes was a hint of disappointment at his academic failure. He watched the clock tick away the minutes until at last the bell rang, signaling the end of class and the end of the school day.

As he watched his classmates exit the room, he slunk down into his chair feeling anger at himself for not achieving the superior grade he knew he was capable of. The truth, though he would not admit it to himself, was that he had become so engrossed in the new CFNM lifestyle he was compelled to adopt that he took it for granted that he would pass all his exams with only a modicum of study, and this, of course, was simply untrue. Bright though he was, Herbert still needed time to absorb the materials he was given to study, and by adopting a nonchalant attitude toward his schoolwork, he was inviting disaster by perpetrating this deception. It wasn't only English he was failing; it was all of his subjects that were now in jeopardy.

"So, Herbert," Iris said, looking at him with concerned eyes from across her desk, "tell me what's going on."

Herbert sank even further down in his chair, his right foot tapping the underside of the desk in nervous anticipation. "I don't know what you mean."

"You don't?" she replied with a vague smile. "Maybe you should look at the exam I just handed you. You scored a 37 percent on that test. I want to know why."

It was not like Herbert to be evasive, but to tell her the truth about what was really going on in his household, to blame it on his preoccupation with CFNM, would never work. "I didn't study for it, that's all."

He said it with such half-hearted conviction that Iris simply didn't buy it.

"You didn't study for it? You, the one student in this class who has never earned any grade less than an A? How is this possible?"

"I don't know," he replied feebly. "I got lazy I guess."

Iris stared at him for a moment, her face registering complete surprise.

"Lazy?" she asked. "Herbert Smith, lazy? Since when? In all the time I've know you, you have always shown great ambition to succeed. It just comes as a complete shock to me to see my top student suddenly failing. And we're not talking about a marginal grade here. You got a D on that test, Herbert. No one in this class, not even my most uninspired students, got such a low grade. In fact, I've learned from some of your other teachers that you're not doing so well in their classes either. So I repeat: what's going on?"

Herbert's mind was racing to find some kind of suitable answer to her question. What was he going to use as an excuse? What rationale would she accept for his apparent, and seemingly exemplary, failure to live up to his own exacting standards? As he sat there under her intense scrutiny, he felt like an insect being observed under a microscope, exposed and vulnerable and unable to get away. Suddenly, unexpectedly, an idea came to him.

"Well," he began, as he raised himself up in his chair, "my father is leaving on an overseas business trip tomorrow and…well…I'm going to kind of miss him."

For a moment Iris's face softened, her gaze less penetrating. "Oh," she said. "Well, I can understand that. You had mentioned before that your dad spends a lot of time away from home on business."

"A lot of time," Herbert emphasized.

"And this is what you attribute to your failing grade?"

"Well, no," he replied stumbling for words. "That's only part of it. It's just that…well, it's my stepmother. She's kind of in charge of things now that dad's going away. You know, it's just different."

"In what way?"

Herbert shifted his body so that he was angled away from his teacher, almost in a defensive posture. He wasn't even aware that he had done this until he suddenly realized that he was facing the windows, using his body as a shield, much like his words, to deflect her incessant inquiry.

"Well, she's the boss now," he replied with a sigh of resignation. "I mean, she's not my real mother, right? But I have to obey her don't I?"

"And you don't like that?" Iris asked him. "Having to obey her?"

"Sometimes I don't mind and sometimes I do," he replied honestly. "Don't get me wrong. She's a very nice person. It's just that she has three daughters, you know? It's a lot to get used to."

Iris nodded silently and observed him for a moment, feeling sympathy for the young man whose life seemed to be going through the throes of a major transition. "New additions to the family, huh?" she said genially. "Not an easy thing to get accustomed to. I can understand that." She rose from her chair and walked around to the front of her desk and sat on it, her impeccably lovely legs crossed one over the other. "I'm not inclined to pry into the private lives of my students, Herbert," she resumed, "but I can't help but feel that you're not really being completely honest with me. Call it female intuition, but when I see such a brilliant student as yourself falling by the wayside I am forced to conclude that there are forces at work here other than a simple change in the size of one's family."

As she finished her speech, she brought her right leg up and rested it upon her left leg, exposing the full extent of her limbs to Herbert's view. He sighed heavily at the wondrous sight, imagining what it would be like to lavish kisses upon her delicate calves.

"Now, I don't want to have to bring your stepmother in on this," she continued, "but if there is something wrong at home I need to know."

"No, no," he replied anxiously. "There's nothing wrong, really. It's just that her lifestyle…"

"Yes?"

Herbert realized that he had slipped up. Even as he mentioned the word "lifestyle" he knew he was in trouble. And it was all because of those impossibly beautiful legs, those long, luscious, perfectly shaped legs that beckoned him to fling himself down on his knees before them in worshipful obedience.

"What about her lifestyle?" Iris insisted, feeling her power over him grow stronger each second.

He was having trouble concentrating. The elegant, yet intimidating, physical attributes of his teacher were eroding his capacity to think rationally. He was completely absorbed with her legs, and Iris knew it. To induce him to give up his secrets, she removed both of her shoes, letting him see her perfect feet in all their seductive splendor. He almost chocked on his next words.

"She…she…" He stopped abruptly, feeling a twinge in his pants around the area of his cock. "She practices an alternative kind of lifestyle."

"I see. And do you approve of this lifestyle?"

Again, Herbert's prick did a little dance of its own at the though that maybe he would indeed have to divulge his secrets to her. "Ah, well, yeah. I guess I do."

Iris ran her hand down one of her legs in a slow and sensual way. "Would you care to tell me what type of lifestyle she leads?"

Herbert knew that it would be exceedingly difficult to lie to his teacher. She seemed to possess a sixth sense about life and he was terrible at telling lies. But more importantly, he felt that his teacher really did want to know the truth, and that in telling her, she would somehow not react with disgust, but would understand.

"Oh, boy," he said nervously, trying to think of the best way to explain his current situation. Despite his anxiety, his prick was now on its way to becoming fully erect, and he knew he could not hide this fact from his teacher. It was his lust that drove him. "My step mom has a thing for…it's called…CFNM."

Iris stared at him for a moment not believing what she had just heard. To hear those forbidden letters uttered aloud was something she never could have imagined being spoken of by anyone at school, let alone an 18-year-old boy. Yet, in spite of his surprising admission, she found herself overwhelming intrigued by the fact that he knew what the CFNM lifestyle was—or at least seemed to know. This alone excited her to no end, and she unashamedly admitted to him that she, too, understood what the acronym meant.

"Clothed female, naked male," she said. "I know all about it."

"You do?" Herbert replied, astonished that his prim and proper teacher had any inkling at all about the unique fetish.

"Herbert," Iris said, suddenly sounding very serious now that she realized she was walking upon shaky ground, "you do realize that I have to be very, very discreet about…you know…"

"I know," he said. "I promise that I will never tell anyone about anything we discuss."

Iris smiled. She knew he would keep his word—no matter what. "I have no doubts about that, Herbert. But you have to understand that if it did get out that I had, let's say, inclinations of this sort, and that I was involved with a minor, I could lose my job and most probably find myself in prison."

"I would never do anything to hurt you, Ms. Fields. Never."

"I believe you. And I trust you." She jumped down from her desk and grabbed the yardstick that was lying on an adjoining table. "Okay, she said. "Now get up and straddle your desk."

Herbert thought she was kidding. "What for?"

"I'm going to spank you."

"Why? What did I do?"

"Two things: you failed the test when you could have easily passed it, and you lied to me. Now do as I say young man and then, and only then, will you get your reward."

At first Herbert thought she was only joking, but her strict demeanor told him she meant business. Without a word, and despite the fact that his huge prick was straining to be let free, he bent over the desk and let her administer a dozen hard whacks upon his ass with the yardstick.

"Oh," she said almost breathless. "That was very satisfying indeed!"

Herbert didn't think so. "For you, maybe," he replied as he stood up and rubbed his butt cheeks. "You really know how to hurt a guy."

"Well, that's what you get for not being honest with me. Now you know better."

She told Herbert to resume his seat while she got her personal effects together.

"We're going downstairs," she said, still clutching the yardstick in her left hand while in her right hand she held her pocketbook and coat. "There's a little room in the basement that no one ever uses and I made a copy of the key. Let's go!"

Without a word, Herbert did as he was told. His heart was beating wildly at the thought of participating in whatever sexual games his beautiful teacher had in mind. He followed her down a flight of stairs to the lower level of the building. By this time everyone had gone home and only the janitor was left on duty. He was performing his usual routine of sleeping half the evening away while watching television in the guidance teacher's room. Iris was no fool. She could not afford to be.

"I'm dying to measure that penis of yours," she said to him as she put the key in the lock. "That's why I took the yardstick!"

She laughed quietly to herself as they passed into the room. It was a small affair, about 20' x 12' and furnished with only a few chairs and a small circular table. In one corner stood a bunch of cardboard boxes containing textbooks. There was a musty smell to the room but it was not offensive. Overhead was a single light bulb, but the light from the small window behind them offered plenty of illumination.

"What are we going to do?" Herbert asked her, as she put her hands on his belt.

"First, I'd like to measure your dick," she said, rubbing her right hand all over his still erect penis. "Then I'm going to give you a handjob."

Herbert felt his heart skip a beat. His English teacher, this incomparably beautiful woman who only minutes earlier was to him the paragon of womanly virtue, was now acting with the same willful lusts of his stepmother and stepsisters. He could scarcely believe that her demure bearing really harbored the soul of a sexual provocateur. Yet here she was, standing before him now fully clothed, gingerly removing the belt that held his pants up and laughing to herself all the while. It was happening so fast that he really had no time to decide whether what he was doing was immoral or not. But once she had pulled down his underwear and his huge dick was exposed, he really didn't care.

"Holy Jesus!" Iris cried. "That's the biggest schlong I've ever seen!"

She gently slapped his turgid penis back and forth, amusing herself with the way it bobbed from side to side under her touch.

"My mother, my real mother, told me that I would never get a woman to have sex with me because of my dick," Herbert admitted. "But my stepsister, Amy, she helped me to get over that."

"Really? How did she do that?"

Again, Iris forced his prick to rollick from side to side by gently hitting it with her hand, enjoying the tactile sensation of running her fingers along the taught flesh.

"By letting me jack off in front of her."

Iris laughed. "She sounds like a very intelligent and mature woman."

"Well, actually, she's only 18 years old."

"As I said, an intelligent and mature woman. So, she appreciates your cock, does she?"

As she said this, the lovely woman examined his scrotum and found his balls to be heavy with sperm.

"I guess so."

"What about other girls your age? Have you ever gone out with any of them? You know, like on a date?"

"I dated a couple of girls, but most of them are afraid of my cock so they stay away."

"Interesting," Iris said. "You'd think most girls your age would be mature enough to accept you as you are."

"Not when you're carrying around this monstrosity," he replied, fingering his dick. "You see how some of them treat me in school."

She ran her long and delicate fingers over the length of his prick. "Yes, I know. But I happen to like your monstrosity. Now take off all of your clothes and let me measure you."

Herbert did as he was instructed, anxious to please the young woman.

She watched him intently as he disrobed, appreciating the tanned, muscular young body, his cock jutting out before him like a huge kielbasa sausage just begging to be manhandled.

He now stood before her completely nude and unashamed. If it had not been for Amy's acceptance of him, he doubted that he would ever have gone this far, and certainly not with his own teacher! He let her hands roam all over his body, the thrill of her touch exciting him in ways he could not describe. It was one thing to fantasize about such a beautiful woman while she was engaged in her usual duties as a teacher; it was quite another to accept the overwhelming physical reality of her immediate presence—he naked, and at her mercy, she in total control.

"Okay," she said, reaching for the yardstick. "Let's see how big you are."

"I think you'll be surprised," he said, anticipating her reaction.

"Oh, don't tell me. You've already measured yourself, haven't you?"

"Sorry."

She looked suddenly disappointed. "Well, don't say a word. I want to find out for myself."

She deftly maneuvered the yardstick under his penis so that one end touched the base of the shaft where it met the scrotum. Her face was only inches away from his imposing tool.

"Okay, let's see what we have here," she said as she lifted the tip of his penis to place the yardstick directly underneath the head.

Herbert hoped she wouldn't fondle his cock any more than she had to, otherwise he felt that he might orgasm then and there.

She let out a loud whistle. "I don't think there is anything like this in the Guinness Book of World Records! It's goddamn huge!"

Herbert chuckled to himself. "Are you satisfied?"

"Fifteen fucking inches! Fifteen!"

"I warned you."

"And the balls! They're enormous too! God, what a package!"

Iris removed the ruler and took a seat next to him. She was in complete awe over the towering megalith that bobbed proudly in front of her face. It astounded her that, unlike most well-endowed men she had known over the years, Herbert's erect penis defiantly refused to succumb to the effects of gravity, stubbornly maintaining a consistent 45-degree angle to the floor. She noticed that his penis was uniform in shape and skin color, angling straight out without that odd curve that she found disagreeable in some men's penises and totally exempt from any blemishes or other various anomalies. She had never seen a cock so lovely. "Why don't you sit down for a moment and tell me about your new family while I play with your prick."

"Okay," Herbert said as he reached for a chair. He positioned it so that he was directly facing her, giving her immediate and unhampered access to his genitals. "How's this?"

"Fine," she replied. "Now go ahead and start talking. I want to know all about this CFNM household of yours."

As her hands glided gently up and down his shaft, Herbert found it difficult to not concentrate upon the first-class handjob he was receiving. But Iris kept him under total control by periodically and abruptly ceasing stimulation of his penis, thereby forcing him to gather his thoughts. By utilizing this stop and go method, she was not only helping to prepare him for a monstrous orgasm, she was able to learn much about his family life and, especially, the woman who was in control. "Tell me about your stepmother," she inquired, giving him a half a dozen rapid tugs. "Is she nice or is she a bitch?"

"Nice," he replied, taking in several deep breaths. "But she can also be very demanding at times."

"Really? How so?"

He watched as her left hand cupped his nut sack while her right hand consistently beat him off. For a few moments he lost his train of thought, so engrossed was he in observing her.

"I'm going to stop if you don't answer me," Iris warned him.

"Oh, uh…well she insists that we, me and my two brothers I mean, walk around the house naked."

She laughed loudly. "Oh, that's just lovely! Even when company is there too?"

"Sometimes. But only if it's all women."

"I love it!" she exclaimed. "And do you and your brothers enjoy walking around nude?"

"At first it was kind of weird but we got used to it."

"And how long has this been going on?"

"For about six months now. Ever since my dad left for Europe."

"And your father approves of this?"

Herbert laughed. "Are you kidding? My father is like her obedient servant. He does anything he can to please her."

Iris began to stroke him harder, curious to see how long he would hold out. "Her obedient servant, huh? So, in effect, she is the mistress of the household?"

"Yup. She's the boss."

She noticed that Herbert's prick was now producing quite an amount of pre-cum and that his huge balls had become very taught. It was only a matter of minutes now, maybe less.

"Tell me about the CFNM stuff. Do you have parties?"

"We've had a few. In fact, Constance, that's my stepmother's name, is having a really big Halloween party in a few months with lots of strippers. It's going to be insane."

The thought of attending a CFNM party was something Iris had dreamed of for a long time. And now that the opportunity had presented itself to her quite unexpectedly, she was not going to let it escape.

"I've never been to a CFNM party myself," she said, as her fist flew up and down his pole with increasing speed. "I would really like to go to one."

"I…I can have you meet my stepmother if you want," Herbert replied, feeling the cum rise up in his shaft. "I'm sure she would love it if you came."

"I'll bet she would," Iris said, sensing his prick was ready to erupt. "What are your parties like? Tell me about it."

There was no stopping now. She was anxious to watch him cream all over her hands but she wanted his ejaculation to coincide with some libidinous thought, some really vulgar memory that would serve to coax out the boiling sperm within. "So?" she asked again. "Do you masturbate for your stepmother, for your stepsisters… for all the women?"

"Yes!" he blurted out. "Me and my brothers jerk off all the time in front of them. Last weekend all three of us shot our cum into a punch bowl."

Iris giggled at the thought of the three boys filling the bowl with sperm while an audience of women watched the whole spectacle with amusement.

"I hope you got it all in the bowl," she quipped, as she felt his penis twitch.

"Most of it," he rasped, as he threw his head back in ecstasy. "Some of it…landed in her hair."

"Whose hair?" she asked as she squeezed his balls hard with one hand while her other hand pulled on him savagely.

"Mrs. Waterson!" he screamed.

Iris almost stopped stroking his cock at the mention of the woman's name. "Alice Waterson? Our principal?"

"Yes!"

This realization came as a shock to Iris, but seeing that Herbert was now on the verge of orgasm, she tightened her grip on his penis and stroked him for all she was worth. Within seconds he was rocking his body back and forth, fucking her fist as hard as he could. "I want to see you shoot a geyser, Herbert! Give it to me!"

The hot, milky seed erupted joyously from his tortured shaft, spurting high up into the air over Iris's head and splashing into the cardboard boxes beyond. She laughed as the next several volleys also flew completely over her head, leaving not a trace of sperm on her body. However, the next several eruptions did not travel as far, finding their mark on her breasts and neck, with one creamy salvo even finding its way into the luxurious folds of her lustrous red mane. His orgasm was a long one, lasting well over a full minute, the ropes of semen furiously being spit out every time she administered an upward pull on his shaft, culminating at last in what she could only describe as a string of multiple ejaculations, which turned the lower part of her body into a vast puddle of sperm. She sat there looking down upon the reservoir of cum, amazed at the sight.

"My God!" she cried. "What an unbelievable fucking load!"

Herbert was barely able to catch his breath and had to sit down. His prick was still dripping copious amount of sperm. "I think…I think it's because…you're so beautiful," he said breathing hard. "Beautiful women always make me cum like that."

Iris didn't know what to say at first. She was still wondering how she was going to clean up the mess on her skirt. "I'm going to have to take this off," she told him. "Jesus! I've never seen a guy cum so much! It's really incredible!"

Herbert sat there breathing fast, trying to regain his composure. He felt bad that he had ruined his teacher's dress, but there was nothing he could do. "I'm…really sorry," he said, apologizing profusely. "I got so carried away…I should have warned you that I cum like a horse."

Carefully removing her skirt, she then put on her coat and sat down again. "I like that you cum like a horse," she admitted frankly. "I've always been fascinated when guys cum like that. I find it very sexy."

"But I should have warned you."

"It's okay, Herbert. I really don't mind. But what I want to know is…what's the deal with Mrs. Waterson? Were you just putting me on or did she really come to your party?"

Herbert snickered. "Oh, she came all right, and in more ways than one."

"Really? Our uptight, holier-than-thou, rightwing, conservative Mrs. Waterson? Our beloved school principal? She's into CFNM? I don't believe it!"

"Well, it's true. My stepmother had to ask her to leave early because she got so drunk that she was blowing all the strippers."

"No! No way!"

"She's the biggest slut in town. Trust me."

Iris shook her head numbly. She had always believed, mistakenly, that she was an oddity in her community—the person whose interest in the CFNM fetish was relegated to her alone. But now that illusion had been shattered, and suddenly she felt a terrible weight lifted from her shoulders.

"I always thought I was the weird one," she confessed. "But if Mrs. Waterson is into CFNM, then there must be others." She stared at Herbert. "Right? Herbert?"

Herbert suddenly felt himself once more at the mercy of those penetrating eyes. "I don't like to rat out on people," he said sheepishly. "I'm not supposed to be telling you this stuff."

"Why? Because Constance forbade you?"

"Yeah, kind of."

"Well, okay. Then can you tell me if there is anyone that I might know personally who goes to your stepmother's parties?"

Herbert hesitated to answer, and for a moment he turned his head away so that he wouldn't have to look into those compelling eyes.

"Please, Herbert," she resumed. "Just be honest with me."

"I'm not sure you're going to like it," he said, his eyes downcast.

"Tell me, please," she insisted.

He took a deep breath and exhaled. This was not going to be easy. "Okay. Okay. There is one woman…" His voice trailed off.

"Yes," she demanded. "Who?"

He took another breath and held it in. This time he spit the words out. "Your mother."

Iris thought she had misheard him. "What?"

"Your mother," he repeated.

Herbert watched his teacher's face register first surprise and then shock. She sat next to him in silent repose as if she were trying to conjure up an image of her mother being engaged in such an obscene activity as he implied.

"My mother? My mother?"

Herbert shook his head in affirmation. He didn't want to tell her, hoping that somewhere along the way she would have learned the truth on her own. But it was too late. "I'm sorry," he said, gently. "You asked me to be honest."

It took a while for Iris to assimilate this shocking information. Her own mother, a CFNM aficionado! She could hardly believe it.

"Wow," she said, suddenly somber. "My mother, a CFNM lover. Well, they say the apple doesn't fall far from the tree!"

"She never does anything nasty like some of the other women," Herbert assured her. "She just likes to watch, that's all."

Iris laughed. "Well, that's a relief! I never would have guessed that my mom is a voyeur. Not that I have any right whatsoever to judge her!"

"Nobody likes to be judged."

"You're right, Herbert. Nobody likes to be judged. But you know what's funny? All this time I've been thinking that I'm the only person in town who has this fetish for CFNM. And now I find that the universe is a lot bigger than what I thought it was. Me, you, Mrs. Waterson…my mother! God, what a revelation! It's scary to know that I've been living with my head in the sand all this time. Now I don't feel so bad. I don't feel bad at all, in fact. Thank you for being honest with me."

"No problem," he replied. "I hope you don't think less of your mom because of this. She really just likes to watch the strippers and have a few drinks. That's all."

"It's okay," Iris replied. "My mother is a grown woman who can make her own decisions. I'm just surprised by it all. She's so…so shy."

"Not really," he said with a wan smile.

Iris looked so unbelievably lovely at that moment, so much so that he could not stop himself from reaching out and touching her breast. His prick was once more beginning to rise. "Can I make love to you?" he asked her in all earnestness.

She gently removed his hand from her breast. "I think you're confusing love with sex, Herbert. And, no, you can't have sex with me. A simple handjob is one thing, but intercourse is something else. I won't have sex with a guy I don't love. Do you understand?"

"I suppose so," he replied looking downcast. "But you do like me, don't you?"

"Of course I do," she replied, kissing him on the cheek. "You are a very handsome young man and I find you very sexy, but I don't love you. I'm sorry."

Herbert had taken a big risk in making his demand, but he had to try. Maybe she would change her mind at some time in the future. There was always hope.

"Are you still horny?" she asked, seeing that he was sporting another boner.

"I guess so," he replied with a smirk.

Iris thought he looked so cute when he tried to pretend that he was in control of his cock when in reality he was not. "I'll do you again," she offered. "But this time don't get any of it on me, okay?" She looked around the room and eyed an old washbasin sitting on a pile of old magazines. "If you don't mind shooting your load into that…"

Herbert picked up the basin and handed it to her. "I like teachers," he said to her. "They always make you do it twice."

The handjob lasted all of two minutes before he sent another obscenely huge deposit of sperm into the basin. Iris caught all of it this time, marveling at the successive volleys of cum that seemed to go on forever. When he was finished ejaculating she put the basin down and wiped the remaining sperm off his cock with a tissue.

"I'll say one thing for you…you are one hell of a sperm maker!"

Herbert smiled at her and started to get dressed.

Suddenly there was a knock on the door and the sound of laughter coming from the hall. The teacher and her student looked at each other with dismay, but remained quiet, unsure of what to do.

"It's okay, Herbert," came a familiar feminine voice. "It's just me and Cecilia. Let us in."

"That's my sister, Amy!" Herbert exclaimed. "It's okay. Don't worry."

"But how did she know we were here?" Iris asked. "I made sure no one was following us."

"I don't know."

"Oh, God," she sighed heavily. "I'm going to lose my job over this."

"No, no, you wont," Herbert said, reassuringly. "Amy's cool. She won't tell anyone."

"I hope not. Otherwise I'm fucked."

As soon as Herbert opened the door, Amy and her girlfriend quickly ran in, as though they were trying to escape from something.

The janitor is out there," Amy said to Herbert.

"I hope to God he didn't see you," Iris said to the young girl.

"No, miss, he didn't."

After Herbert introduced his stepsister and friend to Iris, he asked Amy how she had found them.

"Mom wanted you to do some errands for her and she couldn't reach you on your cell phone, so she asked me and Cecilia to come to school and get you. I followed you down here but I guess you didn't hear me calling you."

"Well you waited long enough," Herbert said. "What were you doing all this time?"

"Throwing up," Cecilia said.

She was a very pretty girl with dark brown, shoulder-length hair that was topped off with a barrette on either side. Herbert had met her only a few weeks earlier when she had celebrated her eighteenth birthday, and he had been captivated by her powerful persona and no-nonsense attitude to life. She was only a few months younger than Amy, but already showing outward signs of becoming a first-class control freak.

"I hope you're feeling better," Herbert said.

"I'm feeling okay. What were you two guys doing down here anyway?"

"Herbert was helping me find some textbooks for class," Iris replied. "That's all you need to know."

"Sure," the girl said, not believing a word of it. "Then why was the door locked?"

"Was it?" Iris asked. "I don't remember locking it. Did you lock the door, Herbert?"

"Nope. I think it must have locked automatically."

Cecilia didn't seem to buy his feeble explanation and looked at him suspiciously. Judging from Herbert's attitude, Amy knew something was amiss, but she was not one for pushing the issue like her more outspoken friend. She preferred to let the truth reveal itself in due course.

"So, you're Amy?" Iris asked the pretty blonde. "Herbert tells me that you helped him to overcome his shyness with girls."

"Oh, really?" she said to her brother. "What exactly did you tell her?"

Before Herbert had a chance to answer, Cecilia spoke, looking directly at Iris. "She gave him some hand relief."

"Hand relief?"

"Yeah. You know…this." Cecilia lifted up her right hand and joined her index finger to her thumb so as to form a circle, then moved it up and down in rude imitation of stroking a cock.

"Oh," Iris laughed. "You mean a handjob."

"Amy gives out lots of them."

"Shut up, Cecilia!" Amy said, poking her friend in the ribs.

"Well it's true."

Iris was becoming more and more amused by this precocious brunette. "I'll bet you love giving handjobs too."

Cecilia took a moment to answer, quickly realizing that she was a bit out of her league. "I just started giving them. Guys always want to fuck me but I won't let them."

"Good for you," Iris said. "You shouldn't have sex until you're ready. But giving a guy some 'hand relief,' as you say, is very smart. Do you enjoy making guys cum with your hand?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Why do you like it so much?"

The girl seemed at a loss for words. "I…don't know. I just do."

"Could it have anything to do with having a feeling of power over boys? That you possibly enjoy being in control of them?"

Cecilia, despite her direct approach to almost all situations, now found herself in the presence of an older and far more superior intellect. She really did not have an answer to Iris's question because she did not understand her own motives. With a sense of profound ineptness that could only be experienced by a girl who had had little to no real comprehension of the outside world, she could only defend herself with feeble adolescent posturing, trying to act mature by utilizing rudeness as a tool, which was probably induced by a lack of self-esteem.

"I've only done it once," Cecilia replied.

"Yes, but you enjoyed jacking him off."

Amy started laughing. "She enjoyed it until the guy came all over her face!"

Everyone laughed at that point, even Cecilia herself. "He wanted me to swallow it, but I wouldn't do it. So I closed my mouth and he shot off in my hair. And some of it splashed up my nose."

"I caught some of it too!" Amy said. "Most of it landed on my arms and neck. And I was sitting in the back seat of the car!"

Herbert was enthralled by this unexpected but very sexy conversation. He had always thought that there was something more to Cecilia and now he was glad he knew the truth about her. She was just as perverse as he and Amy were.

"Herbert tells me that you like giving handjobs too, Amy. Is that right?"

Amy looked at her stepbrother with a wary eye. "If the guy is nice I might do it. But I'm not ready for real sex. I'm still a virgin."

"You too, Cecilia?"

"Yes," the brunette replied proudly. "And I'm not ashamed to say it."

Iris praised both girls on their choice to remain celibate. Iris herself had waited until she was twenty-one and in love before having intercourse. She never felt that she had somehow missed out on anything, even despite the fact that most of her girlfriends had lost their virginity at a much earlier age.

"I love giving handjobs too," she told both girls. "In fact, I just gave Herbert two load-busting handjobs right before you two walked in."

Both Amy and Cecilia looked at each other in astonishment. Herbert couldn't believe what he was hearing.

"Are you crazy, Ms. Fields?" he said. "Why did you tell them that?"

"Because I'm putting you all on the hot seat with me," she replied. "I'm not a fool, Herbert. It's apparent to me that you, your family, Cecilia here, and even my own mother, are all wrapped up in this big CFNM thing. It's like a form of fanaticism about CFNM on a community-wide level. So why fight it? We are all in this thing together. Am I right Amy?"

"I don't know what you mean," she replied evasively.

"Of course you do. Your mother, my mother, your sisters, Herbert, his two brothers, and his father, Mrs. Waterson and me—we are all part of this crazy fetish. We women love to boss guys around, keep them naked, and watch them shoot gallons of spunk for our amusement. Is that not the truth?"

Amy stood there silently, vacillating.

"Answer her," Herbert said to his sister.

"What do you want me to tell her?" she replied nervously.

"The truth. I've told her most of it already."

Amy's voice suddenly increased in volume. "Why did you have to open your big mouth?"

"Why can't you answer the fucking question?"

"Listen to me, both of you," Iris interjected. "I know there's something going on in this little backwater town of ours and I want to know what it is. One way or another I'm going to find out so you may as well come clean."

After several more remonstrations from Herbert, who capped off each one with an apology for losing his temper, Amy reluctantly provided Iris with a history of her family's involvement with CFNM, beginning way back during the Civil War era when her great, great, great grandparents ran a plantation worked by slaves. After she related the more poignant aspects of her tale, she looked relieved, as if in the telling of it she had removed some vague source of unpleasantness at keeping such information secret. She even provided the details of some of her mother's parties, which were quite provocative.

"I had no idea how pervasive this fetish was," Iris said to Herbert, shaking her head in wonderment. "It seems that your new family has brought it with them to Point Lookout and they're making converts very fast."

"My mother does CFNM too," Cecilia admitted. "Sometimes I go with her to these parties that Herbert's stepmother throws."

Iris looked surprised. "Are there a lot of young girls your age who attend these events?"

"Well, the idea is that girls have to learn at a young age how to control men," Amy volunteered. "Some girls don't do anything except watch. Other girls like to get involved in the action."

Iris was at a loss as to what to say. Like Alice in Wonderland, she wondered just how far she had fallen down into the rabbit hole. "Action?"

"Yeah," Amy replied. "Like giving handjobs and blowjobs, or spankings and…you know…that kind of stuff. And they do lots of other things too. But we won't get into that."

"Tell me. I want to know."

Amy hesitated to say exactly what these girls were being taught and Iris could not force the information from her. But she felt that it involved something decidedly sinister. "Okay, so we won't talk about it. I just don't understand how these mothers can allow their daughters to go to such parties."

"CFNM is kind of like a religion," Amy explained. "The earlier you can indoctrinate someone, the better. It's the same with politics or any other belief system. CFNM is no different."

Ah! Iris thought. Now here was a mind to be reckoned with! No wonder Herbert had fallen under her spell. The girl was intelligent as well as beautiful.

"This is all playing out like some kind of mystery thriller," Iris said, still digesting the information supplied by the girls with a measure of incredulity. "I feel like I just entered into the surreal world."

Both girls chuckled at her remark, but Herbert remained taciturn.

"I can't believe this," Iris said to the boy. "A secret CFNM society in this town. It sounds so weird."

A tiny sliver of sunlight fell across Herbert's handsome face, giving him an almost angelic appearance. "You mean like a conspiracy?"

"I don't know if I'd call it that. But I mean…this is fairly recent, isn't it? This CFNM business seemed to coincide with your stepmother's arrival in Point Lookout."

"I suppose so," he replied unconvincingly. "I don't know."

"Oh, come on Herbert! Amy is standing right here. Surely she knows what's really going on even if you don't. How about it Amy?"

The young girl cleared her throat but said nothing.

"Let's not play that game again. There's no point in keeping secrets from me." We're all in this too deep now to start playing childish games. And you're no child, are you?"

Like Cecilia, Amy knew that she had no chance of competing with Iris on an intellectual level. It was no use acting defensive or trying to patronize the older woman's sensibilities. The teacher could see right through her. "I've seen a lot of things," she admitted. "But I'm forbidden to talk about them."

"Forbidden? By whom?"

"My mother. All I can tell you is that she belongs to an organization, a very old organization, made up of a powerful group of women who call themselves the 'Sisterhood'."

"The Sisterhood? Who the hell are they? I've never heard of them."

"Well, these women—'Sisters' they're called—they see men kind of like subservient to women. They believe that the world will be a better place with women in power because men make all the wars. That's all I can tell you."

Iris would have probably burst out laughing at the girl's improbable tale except that Amy related it with such sincerity that she found it difficult to cast doubt upon her veracity. "Are you one of them? A Sister?"

"Yes," Amy replied proudly. "And so is Cecilia."

"Really?" Iris said, finding this somewhat amusing. "Girls your age doing what? Bossing older men around? Playing 'Ride The Pony' or no, wait…maybe 'Jerk The Penis?' Is that what you do?"

"You'd be surprised what we do," Cecilia said, with a touch of smugness.

"I can't imagine either of you lording it over a bunch of middle-aged, white-collar, power-hungry alpha males," Iris sneered. "They'd eat you alive."

"That's what you think," Cecilia retorted. "If you come to our meetings you'll understand."

"She's right, Ms. Fields," Amy said. "Those guys you talk about? I've seen them on their knees kissing my mother's feet."

"Is this true, Herbert?" Iris asked. "Or is she putting me on?"

"No, it's true. I've seen it for myself. But I never heard about this Sisterhood business." He turned to Amy. "Does dad know about this secret society of yours?"

"He knows everything about it."

"Then why didn't he tell me and my brothers?"

"It wasn't up to him to tell you anything."

"Well, when was Constance going to clue the rest of us in?" he said angrily. "I thought she trusted us."

"I can't answer that. Maybe you should ask her yourself."

Herbert kicked a mildewed old box that was lying in front of him. "Why do people always have to keep secrets from me?" he flared. "I want to know what the fuck's going on!"

"And so do I," Iris said. "I think it's time I paid my respects to Mrs. Smith."

"Why?" Amy asked.

"Well, for one thing, to discuss the recent drop in Herbert's grade point average. I think that's sufficient cause for a visit, don't you?"

Amy and Cecilia stared dumbly at each other, not knowing how to respond.

"Is this true, Herbert?" Amy asked her stepbrother. "Are you fucking up in school?"

"Oh, shut up!" he snapped. "You're no fucking honor student yourself."

Amy was stunned by his sarcasm and stood looking vacantly at her brother as if he were someone else. She had never been spoken to that way before by anyone, and certainly not from Herbert, whom she regarded as beyond such immature behavior. Herbert saw the hurt in her face and suddenly felt horrible. "I'm sorry," he said. "I'm sorry I lost my temper."

"Okay," Iris said genially. "There's no need for this. I will handle Herbert's problem with his grades in my own way. Let's leave it at that."

"He just probably needs to cum, that's all," Amy said, casting a mischievous glance in Herbert's direction. "He always gets nasty when he's got too much sperm swimming around in those gargantuan nuts of his. It's like he's got a case of semen-clogged brain."

Both Iris and Cecilia reacted with amusement at Amy's pert analysis. Even Herbert was forced to crack a smile at his stepsister's clever innuendo.

"Good one!" Cecilia laughed, giving Amy a smart pat on the back.

"Well, that's one I've never heard before!" Iris added. "But do you really think that it's a backlog of sperm that's causing his problem? I mean, I just finished milking him twice and there was quite a lot of sperm flying around down here."

"Where?" Cecilia asked. "I don't see any jizz on the floor."

"That's because most of it landed over there on the boxes or on my dress, which I've since changed out of."

Herbert grunted. "Semen-clogged brain!" he scoffed. "That's the most ridiculous diagnosis I've ever heard of, 'doctor Amy'."

"Now don't dismiss your sister's theory so fast," Iris rebuffed him. "It has been scientifically proven that much of what constitutes male aggressive behavior is the result of an overabundance of sperm buildup in the body. Maybe you simply need another milking or two."

"That doesn't make any sense," Herbert replied. "None at all."

Amy and Cecilia suddenly started to snicker amongst themselves.

"What's so funny, girls?" Iris asked them.

They pointed to the huge bulge in Herbert's jeans.

"Oh," Iris said. "I guess Amy's theory has a lot going for it. Wouldn't you say, Herbert?"

It was with no small effort that Herbert had tried, once more unsuccessfully, to will his penis into submission. It was bad enough that his cock had a mind of its own, but to have to endure yet more comments about his enormous appendage, and especially from Cecilia whom he regarded as pushy and arrogant, made him wince.

"I've already cum twice," he said defiantly. "How much sperm do you think I have in these balls of mine anyway?"

"I think you have lots more," Cecilia said with an air of authority.

"And how the fuck would you know that?"

"Because we all know that guys with huge dicks and big balls always shoot tons of cum. It goes with the territory."

"And you're an expert on such things, is that right, Cecilia?" Iris asked.

Amy wasted no time in answering for her friend. "You should see what Cecilia can do to a guy. Her mother taught her some techniques…"

"Stop," Cecilia told Amy. "Don't give away my secret." "You don't have any secret," Herbert said ungraciously. "You don't know anything about giving a handjob. It's all bullshit." His hard-on was pushing against the fabric of his jeans, causing him great annoyance. "And if you really did know anything about it, you probably learned it from Amy."

"That's not true!" Cecilia said adamantly. "I can make any guy cum in under three minutes. Guaranteed! And Amy didn't teach me anything!"

"Honestly?" Iris asked. "You can really get a guy off in under three minutes? I was never able to do that."

Cecilia giggled. "We learn a lot of things in the Sisterhood."

The thought that this little impudent girl could achieve such a feat intrigued Iris. So much so that she volunteered Herbert's penis to act as a test subject. "Well then, why don't you show us? Herbert is right here, and it looks like his prick needs a good sperm-depleting handjob. I see you're up to the task, Herbert."

"Oh, no," he protested. "You can't use me like some lab rat. And I refuse to let Ms. Snob of the Century touch my dick."

Cecilia didn't seem at all fazed by Herbert's reply. "You should only be so lucky to get me to touch your dick."

The truth was, Cecilia really was greatly attracted to Herbert, but she enjoyed playing cat and mouse with him. It pleased her to no end to be able to push his buttons—and she knew just the right ones to push. She wasn't malicious in her intent, she just wanted to control him, and the best way to do this was to control his penis.

After some time spent in useless protestations, the three females finally got him to submit to the handjob. For Herbert, it was a win-lose proposition: win, because he was getting a cute girl to service him; lose, because he didn't want to admit that this same arrogant girl could ever give him any pleasure. In the end though, the needs of his prick won out, making him feel aroused and humiliated at the same time.

Once they had him fully naked, he positioned himself to the right side of Cecilia, who was sitting beside him. Iris and Amy sat a few feet away, waiting for Cecilia to begin.

When Cecilia first saw Herbert's tool spring from out of his underwear she swore loudly, making the other two girls laugh aloud. "Shit! Amy told me you were big, but this is fucking amazing!"

For a moment Herbert relished the thought that her estimation of his penis was, in fact, praise. He watched with fascination as her tiny hands swept over his cock and balls, her innate female senses telling her that there were indeed copious amount of cum just waiting to be launched, coaxed forth from the depth of his balls by the skillful manipulation of her two hands.

Iris looked at her watch and waited for the sweep hand to reach 12. "Okay, Cecilia. You have exactly three minutes."

"I'm ready," the girl said, her right hand poised just under the tip of his cock, prepared to deliver the first stroke.

"Get ready…set…go!"

As soon as Cecilia's hand pulled down hard on his shaft, Herbert let out a loud moan. This was not the kind of handjob administered by some experienced porn star. It was not the type of handjob that one would receive from a loved one. It wasn't even one of those types of self-administered handjobs that guys often performed with slow, loving care, with the intention of prolonging orgasm to the last minute. It was, instead, a demanding, casually applied, rough and tumble affair that was designed to produce one thing: a quick release of semen. And in order to do this, Cecilia concentrated solely on the most sensitive part of his penis—the frenulum—the little strip of flesh that was situated just under the glans.

Within seconds Herbert found himself jerking his entire body in time with her savage little pulls, her thumb raking across the tiny tissue of flesh while her other four fingers remained completely stationary on the opposite side of his penis. He was loving every minute of it but refused to express his delight via his facial expressions, choosing to maintain a stolid, almost impenetrable stare merely out of spite, so as not to give Cecilia any satisfaction and no clue as to how much he was really enjoying himself.

Iris and Amy moved in closer to inspect Cecilia's adroit manipulation of Herbert's pulsing cock. She was now almost two minutes into the handjob and already pre-cum was forming at its tip, which she conveniently used as lubrication.

"This is so cool!" Cecilia said, moving her hand increasingly faster as she felt Herbert getting closer to orgasm. "I love your fucking big dork, Herbert! I want to see it spit out gallons of hot spunk!"

Iris was fascinated by the girl's unique manipulation of Herbert's penis. Even she had never learned to handle a cock in such a way. It was apparent that Herbert had absolutely no chance of holding on to his juice with such ferocious and relentless stroking. "You got thirty seconds left!" she said to the girl. "Make him cum!"

"Go for it, Cecilia!" Amy encouraged her. "Make it hit the ceiling!"

Suddenly, Herbert let out a roar.

"I'm coming!" he screamed.

Keeping up the same technique she had used all along, Cecilia delivered the final strokes to his cum-swollen prick, her thumb acting like a fulcrum reverberating at top speed. "Here it comes!" she announced proudly. "Watch this!"

She immediately stopped rubbing him and held his prick fast with one hand at its base, pointing it toward the ceiling, watching intently as Herbert's cock strained upward, ready to fire it full supply of jizz. The boy was surprised by this sudden change in her technique, but it nevertheless produced a result that even he would remember as being remarkable.

A shooting stream of creamy hot cum flew out of the tip of his prick with such speed that it struck the ceiling above his head and stuck there. This caused the girls to laugh hysterically. The second spurt also flew up toward the ceiling, and this time it splashed into the light bulb where it clung despite the pull of gravity.

Herbert sat there frozen in position, unable to account for the reaction of his prick under the guidance of this snobbish little girl. For her part, Cecilia did nothing but laugh at each successive ejaculation, confident that her skills would leave nothing to be desired.

One after the other, Herbert's dick continued to shoot out long, stringy ropes of sperm, all flying directly upward above his head, some reaching the ceiling, some landing on the floor around him, and a few landing on the girls themselves.

Cecilia's hands were a complete mess, but she seemed not to mind. All that mattered to her was that she had been proven right—and that, above all, was her justification for all that she had said. Long after this day, and as much as Herbert hated to admit it, Cecilia had given him the most satisfying handjob he had ever received from a girl—Amy and Iris notwithstanding.

Herbert was now coming down from his orgasm, but Cecilia wasn't through with him just yet.

"And now," she said, "to prove my theory beyond a shadow of a doubt…"

No sooner had Herbert fired off his final rope of semen than Cecilia began once again to rub her thumb over his frenulum in exactly the same fashion as before. Herbert couldn't believe what he was seeing.

"No, you can't," he said alarmed. "I've never cum four times in a row!"

"You still have a lot of semen in your balls, Herbert," Cecilia said, paying him no attention. "You'll see. I'm going to get you to cum again."

Amy was thrilled at the thought of watching yet another immense orgasm delivered by Cecilia's expert hands. "Drain his balls dry!" she squealed.

"I'm going to! Just watch!"

Iris sat back in her chair and simply looked on with amusement while the willful girl once again brought Herbert to orgasm. This time it was performed with a less intense and more casual effort, but no less assiduous. In less than a minute, the young boy was once more shooting thick wads of cum high into the air for the pleasure and entertainment of Iris and Amy.

"I told you!" Cecilia said proudly as she provoked one intense burst of cream after another with her merciless handjob.

Amy was overjoyed that Cecilia had won a victory over her diffident brother. But she did truly love Herbert, even if he acted…well, like a guy sometimes.

As the spurts of semen continued to jettison around the room, Iris had to admit that Cecilia did possess some special power over boys. Wherever she had learned her handjob skills, she was now determined to find out. If it was from her own mother, as Cecilia maintained, then Iris was going to make friends with her. In any case, she was going to make an appointment to see Constance and find out who she really was and if there was indeed such an organization of women called the Sisterhood.

"I have to say, Cecilia," Iris said as Herbert's orgasm was beginning to subside, "that you have really impressed me with your remarkable technique."

"Thank you," the girl replied, removing her now sperm-saturated hands from Herbert's relaxing tool.

Herbert was exhausted but smiling. He was forced to admit that Iris was right, and he reluctantly told Cecilia that he too was impressed with her masturbatory skills.

"I didn't think you were going to say anything about it," Cecilia told him. "But I'm glad you did."

"I guess you know more about my cock and balls than I do," he said, laughing in spite of himself.

His remark made all three girls laugh along with him. In a few moments he was cleaned and dressed and ready to leave.

"So when would you like to come and pay us a visit?" Amy asked Iris.

"How about tomorrow afternoon? Say around 4:00 p.m.?"

"Sure. My mother will be home then."

"Good." Iris replied. "I'm looking forward to meeting her."

Making certain that the janitor was nowhere in sight, Iris, Herbert, and the two girls quietly exited the room. Iris locked the door behind her and led them out a side entrance that opened out into a faculty parking lot in the back of the building. The only car in the lot was hers. Herbert had parked his own car on the sidewalk in the front of the schoolyard.

It had been a most eventful day. As she drove past the front of the school she caught a glimpse of Herbert, Amy, and Cecilia as they piled into his car. From this distance it seemed to her as though they were just three ordinary teenagers enjoying themselves on a lovely spring day. But she knew how deceiving appearances could be.

END OF CHAPTER 2


The Life and CFNM Times of Herbert Smith Ch. 03
byfmcchris©

Herbert felt drained. Drained in spirit, drained in energy, but most of all drained of his precious sperm. He had given up more than a pint of cum at the hands of his teacher, his stepsister and her friend, and he wondered how long it would take his body to replenish the lost stores of his valuable seed.

Yet even now, as he lay awake in bed, he was thinking lusty thoughts of Amy and her equally domineering friend Cecilia, who had proven herself quite adept at forcing two ejaculations from him earlier in the day while Amy and Ms. Fields looked on in utter fascination. He had surprised everyone with his show of virility, but most of all he had surprised himself. It was amazing what a cock could do in the hands of a gifted dominatrix, he thought.

Cecilia had decided to sleep over, as she sometimes did on the weekends. Herbert had said goodnight to her earlier as she disappeared into Amy's bedroom with her toothbrush in hand, looking ever so sexy even in her pajamas. He knew what topic she and his sister would be discussing that evening. He knew because every now and then the ebullient laughter of the two girls came crashing like an intermittent tidal wave upon his consciousness, mocking him, teasing him, reminding him that only several hours earlier his 15-inch penis had surrendered load after load of his creamy spunk to the irresistible masturbatory techniques of the dark-haired girl. He thought it was the laughter of victory.

It had been Amy's idea to tell her mother everything that had happened at school. Herbert had tried to dissuade her, but she was adamant that Constance should know exactly what was going on. Herbert thought his stepmother would be angry with him, but she responded with great interest upon hearing the details of the sordid story, approving, rather than condemning, the actions of Ms. Fields. When she heard that Herbert had achieved orgasm four times within an hour, and that two of his ejaculations had been the result of Cecilia's handiwork, she complimented the girl very highly, and made it official, there and then, that Cecilia would be attending the annual Halloween party. She did not invite him, however.

It was almost midnight and he couldn't sleep. Every time he closed his eyes the events that had occurred earlier in the day played out in his mind like a cheap porno flick with him in the leading role. He saw the beautiful face of his teacher laughing gaily as she pulled happily away on his monstrous organ, her long, delicate fingers playing upon his sensitive flesh as though she were fingering a flute, coaxing out his sperm with every deft manipulation. And then there was Cecilia—little Cecilia, the brown-eyed beauty with the oversized ego, gifted with hands that were designed to masturbate a penis. He was looking down upon her as she ministered to his cock, completely in control of it, and demanding its obeisance. He saw his hot white seed shoot out from the tip of his prick, flying over the head of the laughing girl, and sailing a dozen feet beyond into the wall. He heard the girls' cries of delight as he continued to orgasm, their faces registering astonishment and amusement as he was provoked to fire off successive volleys of creamy sperm until he felt his legs collapse beneath him.

Unconsciously, his hand reached down between his legs to fondle his genitals: he had become as hard as a rock. Realizing that something had to be done, and surprised that he was horny at all after relinquishing so much sperm earlier in the day, he threw off his covers and sat down at his desk in front of the computer screen. In a few moments he was online surfing for porn, especially anything CFNM related. It didn't take him long to find what he wanted. As he sat there in the darkened room basking in the soft, luminous glow of the monitor, images of clothed women appeared along with their naked male counterparts, all of them engaged in the compelling fantasy he had come to love so much.

After playing a few videos he settled on jerking off to some pictures from a relatively new stripper site that focused on CFNM scenarios. A bunch of wild college girls were sitting around a naked black stripper with a huge prick, urging him on. It didn't take him long to cum, shooting gigantic ropes of sperm into one of the girls' champagne glass.

Herbert pulled furiously on his cock, so engrossed in pleasuring himself that he barely had time to lay down a towel on his desk to protect it from the oncoming blasts of sperm. But before he could bring himself off, he heard the sound of intense laughter coming from behind him—Amy and Cecilia were in his room.

"You fucking pervert!" Amy squealed, pointing at his cock. "I can't believe you still have any cum left in those big balls of yours after what happened today."

"His dick is almost touching the screen!" Cecilia remarked with amusement.

At first Herbert reacted with shock and dismay to the unexpected intrusion. But it was useless to protest. For one thing, Amy, and the rest of females in the house, always had unrestricted access to any area of it, including the bedrooms and bathrooms. And secondly, there was no point in hiding his penis since the girls had seen it many times already. He just stood there with his cock in hand, a silly grin on his face.

"I can't sleep," he replied feebly, his prick straining for release.

Cecilia walked over to the computer and saw a picture of a big, black man with a huge cock sucking himself off in front of a crowd of girls. "Amy, come over here and take a look at this."

Amy moved next to her friend. "Oh wow!" she said, laughing at the picture. "Can you do that, Herbert?"

Herbert looked at the screen. "What? You mean give myself a blowjob?"

"Yeah, can you do it?"

"I don't know. I never tried."

The girl smiled mischievously and looked at Cecilia. "What do you think?"

"I think he should give it a try."

"Oh, come on girls," Herbert protested, "I'm not in the mood to entertain you tonight. You've already had your fun today."

"Please, Herbert," Cecilia cooed. "You're going blow your load anyway, so why not try? Please. Just try it."

"Yeah," Amy agreed. "You should be able to get about half of that thing in your mouth with no problem."

Herbert laughed despite himself. "I don't know about half, maybe just the tip."

"I don't care how much you can get in your mouth," Cecilia said. "Just shut up and do it."

Herbert knew he was going to lose the argument. There was no way he could stand up to these two young women and he was in no mood to argue with them. The thought of self-fellatio had never occurred to him, and the thought of performing such a private act in front of his stepsister and her friend excited him immensely. "Okay," he said. "I'll do it."

Both girls giggled loudly and sat down on the bed to watch him suck himself off.

Herbert removed his tee shirt and underwear and sat on the chair in front of the girls. His prick was leaking pre-cum and he knew it wouldn't take much to get him off. Stretching his legs before him, he sucked in his stomach and lowered his head onto his shaft, finding it easy to accommodate the huge purple tip into his mouth. It was a new sensation for him and he liked it.

"I knew he could do it!" Amy laughed, clapping her hands together with joy. "Come on. You can get more of it in your mouth."

Cecilia sat entranced at the spectacle, making suggestive comments and urging Herbert to cum. "Shoot that fucking jizz!" she ordered him. "Shoot it all into your mouth!"

Herbert sucked himself more energetically with the urging of the two demanding girls. He knew he was only seconds away from a mind-blowing orgasm.

"Swallow it!" Cecilia ordered him. "I want you to swallow every little drop!"

The thought of drinking his own sperm did not appeal to Herbert. "No way," he replied, taking his mouth from his cock. "I hate the taste of cum."

"Oh, so you've tasted your own cum, have you?" Amy laughed.

"Yes, and it's terrible."

"Well, then," Cecilia said, acquiescing, "shoot it into your face."

Amy squealed. "Great idea! No wait. I have a better one. Herbert, when you're ready to shoot off, don't touch your dick. Just let it go off by itself."

"Yes!" Cecilia agreed. "A hands-free orgasm. Those are so cool."

"Like the guy we saw in your brother's porno tape do!"

"With the big schlong bouncing back and forth shooting ropes of cum into the air!"

"Excellent fucking idea!"

Both girls now turned their attention to Herbert. "Do it!" Amy said sternly. "And hurry up. We've got get back to sleep."

With their encouragement it didn't take look for Herbert to orgasm. Obeying his stepsister's wishes, he removed his mouth just as he was about to erupt and kept his head as far down as possible toward his prick so that when it finally did shoot off, he caught most of the creamy load in his face.

"This is so fucking sick!" Cecilia laughed as she watched rope after rope of hot spunk splash into Herbert's face.

The enormous prick fired off about a dozen or more creamy salvos before it was over. The girls were on the floor laughing hysterically. Herbert's face was completely covered in cum.

"You look fucking ridiculous!" Amy said to him. "You should see yourself!"

Herbert rushed into the bathroom. Once he saw himself in the mirror he started to laugh too. He did indeed look ridiculous. But the truth was, he had enjoyed it. He loved having the girls watch him cum, even if it was humiliating. In fact, he found that he got even more excited when it was humiliating for him. He wished he could spend the rest of his life masturbating his big tool in front of them for their pleasure.

When the girls returned to Amy's bedroom Herbert decided to get to sleep. Ms. Fields was due around 4:00 p.m., and he wanted to look his best.

************


Constance liked to keep her house meticulously clean. And in the pursuit of this admirable goal she often enlisted the help of her three stepsons. The boys may not have appreciated being used as lackeys in their stepmother's cleaning projects, but their distaste for manual labor never sufficed to keep them from obeying her orders. Their father had made it quite clear that all three boys were to obey Constance's commands without question, and in so far as those demands were reasonable, they did. However, when she told them that they must clean the house in the nude, both Frederick and William protested violently. Herbert did not appear to be offended by this demand. In fact, the idea of walking around naked in front of his stepmother and three stepsisters excited him greatly. It must have had something to do with his natural inclination toward exhibitionism. Only with some persuasion did he convince his other brothers to give it a try. This they did, reluctantly at first. However, it did not take long for both boys to see that there were some fringe benefits to be gained from walking around the house completely nude at their stepmother and stepsisters' beck and call.

For one thing, the boys were always treated with great respect and deference, being the recipients of praise for their physical beauty from all four females. And then of course there was the wonderful incentive of being masturbated in front of Constance and the girls for a job well done. That proved to be the greatest inducement of all to ensure their collective compliance. Each boy knew that Constance derived a sense of power from having them walk naked around the house obeying her orders, but they also benefited from the role that they had chosen to play. But to perform housework in the nude in front of Constance and her daughters was one thing; to appear naked in front of strangers was something else entirely.

"I'm not sure this is a good idea," Frederick stated emphatically. "I don't feel comfortable answering the door for Herbert's teacher without my clothes on."

The three boys were on their break, sitting down outside on the veranda having lunch, completely nude.

"Me neither," William concurred. "She expects too much from us."

Herbert thought his brothers were being foolish. "Look guys," he began, "it's going to be okay. I told you, Iris...Ms. Fields...has already seen my dick. She's fucking jerked my dick, so she already has a good idea of what to expect."

"I don't give a rat's ass what she expects, little brother," Frederick said. "I don't think I want to do this."

"Me either." William said to Herbert. "I mean, why do we have to walk around the house in the nude while your teacher is here, anyway? What fucking purpose is that going to serve except to humiliate us?"

"Don't look at it like that," Herbert replied, reaching for his glass. "Look at it as an opportunity to possibly get whacked off by a beautiful woman."

Frederick laughed. "Oh! So that's what this is all about Mr. Exhibitionist! It wasn't enough that Ms. Fields stroked your tool to what? Two earth-shattering orgasms? Now you want more?"

"I wasn't thinking of just me."

William looked pensive. "Well, you've got to admit, Freddie, she is the hottest piece of ass in town."

"No question about it," Frederick replied. "But she was our fucking teacher, man! Now we're asked to parade our bits in front of her just to amuse our wicked stepmother's whim? I don't think so."

"Why?" Herbert asked. "Are you embarrassed about it?"

"Yeah," Frederick answered. "I am. I'm embarrassed. And did you ever stop to think that she might be embarrassed—no, strike that—how about 'freaked out' at seeing some naked guy at the front door?"

William burst out laughing. "Shit! That's right, Herbert! We're the ones who have to answer the fucking door! Can you imagine the look on Ms. Field's face?"

"How do you do, Ms. Fields?" Frederick said in a mockingly affected voice. "I hope you don't mind but I always greet people at the door in my birthday suit. Please don't be offended."

"Oh! Oh!" William exclaimed in mock dismay, his voice rising a few octaves. "I'm going to tell your stepmother on you! You naughty boy!"

"But she's the one who made me do it, Ms. Fields. Won't you please come in?"

"What a disgusting family!" William said, feigning disdain.

All three boys were now laughing heartily. Herbert immediately stopped drinking when he felt his soda on the verge of being ejected out of his mouth. He recovered his equilibrium just in time before sending a mouthful of liquid onto the table. "I say we should all just relax and not worry about it."

The laughter seemed to alleviate some of the tension, but Frederick still seemed skeptical. "How the fuck did we ever allow ourselves to get into this CFNM shit?"

"Oh, come on, man." William said. "It's not that bad. Constance is good to us and she really loves dad. All she asks is that we play this little game of hers. I don't see the problem. Except for ordering us to be naked in front of strangers, we're doing pretty well."

"Agreed," Herbert said. "Think about it for a moment, guys. The most beautiful woman in town, maybe in the whole damn state, gave me a fucking hand job—no, two hand jobs—yesterday, and now she's coming over here to meet everybody. That tells you that she's not afraid to get down and dirty. If she had any reservations, she wouldn't come at all. It was her fucking idea! I say, let's roll with it and see where it leads."

For a few minutes both William and Frederick remained quiet, digesting what Herbert had said.

"I hate to admit it," Frederick said to William, "but the little fucker is right. Maybe we should give it a try and see where it goes."

"I don't know, man," Frederick replied, not entirely convinced. "I'm telling you she's going to freak."

"So? Let her freak." Herbert said. "At least we'll know if she really wants to be part of this CFNM thing or not."

Despite his initial reluctance, Frederick found this final piece of information most convincing. "Oh, what the hell! She's already seen your gargantuan tool so I guess seeing our dicks is going to be anti-climactic anyway."

"Speak for yourself, bro!" William said flatly. "Maybe the lady likes them in all sizes."

By the time the boys had finished lunch and resumed their work, all of them were in agreement that they should follow Herbert's advice and let things take their course.

The housecleaning had taken the boys the better part of the afternoon to complete. But by the time they had finished the house looked splendid, and Constance was very happy. It was now almost 4:00 p.m., and as she and her three daughters sat together in the parlor dressed casually and enjoying drinks served to them by the naked boys, the doorbell rang.

"Frederick," Constance said to the boy. "Answer it, please."

"Why did I know it was going to be me?" he said softly to himself as he went to answer the door.

As the door slowly opened to admit its visitor, Frederick hid partially behind it, holding one hand over its genitals. "Hi, Ms. Fields. Come on in."

Iris stared curiously at the boy, wondering why he was keeping half of his body out of view. "Are you naked?" she asked him with a surprised look.

"Yes," he replied. "Stepmother's orders. Please, come in. They're waiting for you in the parlor."

She noticed that his face seemed to flush over, and that his hand never left his genitals.

"Is this some kind of joke? If so, I don't think it's very funny."

"It isn't meant to be funny, miss." Frederick assured her. "Please go in. She'll explain everything."

Without looking at him again, she walked slowly into the parlor where she was warmly greeted by Constance and her daughters.

"It's so nice to meet you, Iris," Constance said, rising to greet her guest. "You're certainly every bit as beautiful as Herbert said you were."

The two women shook hands and then Iris was introduced to the three girls. But she couldn't help noticing that Herbert and William, like Frederick, were nude. "Why are these boys naked?" she asked Constance.

"This is a CFNM household, Iris. As such, I expect my stepsons to obey my every wish. They are naked out of respect to me and the power I wield over them. Please do not be offended. If their nakedness offends you I will ask them to leave."

"I'm not offended, just surprised."

Constance smiled. "Then please, sit down and have some tea."

"Thank you," Iris replied, as she sat down on the couch next to Constance.

Amy, Fiona, Lillian, and Cecilia sat on a sofa directly across from the two women. On either side of them stood Herbert and William, naked except for a towel each boy held across his arm.

Hello Herbert," Iris said to the boy.

"Hello, Ms. Fields." Herbert replied. "You look very lovely today."

"And you look..." She interrupted her speech to admire his huge prick, imposing even in its semi-tumescent state. "Most handsome."

"The boys have spent the past seven hours cleaning the house," Constance told Iris. "They are such fine boys."

"I think they did a wonderful job," Iris replied looking around her. "How are you, William?"

"I'm fine, Ms. Fields," he replied. "I hope you are too."

"Yes, thank you. It's been a long time since you were in my class."

"Six years, I believe, miss."

Iris shook her head. "The time does go by quickly does it not?"

"Yes, miss. It does."

Seeing Frederick was absent, Constance wasted no time in ordering him into the parlor. "Frederick! Come in here!"

A few moments later the still somewhat embarrassed lad came traipsing into the parlor. He continued to hold his right hand in front of his genitals.

"We'll have none of that! Take your hand away right now!" Constance demanded.

"But I feel embarrassed," the boy complained. "She was my teacher."

"Take you hand away," Constance repeated, this time in a more sinister voice.

"If you wish," Frederick said, lowering his hand very slowly.

Iris never took her eyes off of Frederick's genitals, noticing that he was partially erect.

"Ha! Ha!" Amy suddenly exclaimed. "So that's what you've been hiding!"

"Shut up, Amy!" Constance said. "Come over here Frederick and pour some tea for Ms. Fields."

"Yes, stepmother."

In an instant he was by his old teacher's side, filling her cup with tea.

"Sometimes my boys can get a little irascible," Constance said to Iris. "But they know that it's always best to obey me."

As Frederick finished his task he once more stood upright, his now erect penis bobbing up and down in front of him. His face was beet red.

"I guess he's happy to see you," Constance said to Iris.

All of the women laughed.

Frederick wanted nothing more to exit the room as fast as possible. He did not know why he had developed an erection at such an inopportune time, but there was nothing he could do about it. He stood there like a statue waiting for the laughter to die down.

"Shall we get down to business?" Constance asked Iris, still enjoying the result of her jibe.

"That's fine with me," Iris replied, sneaking a look at Frederick's expanding cock.

The girls on the other side of the room were talking softy amongst themselves, punctuating their discourse with intermittent giggles, Frederick's unruly penis the apparent object of their discussion. One stern look from Constance ended their gaiety.

"That's quite enough," she said. "Frederick, take your hard-on somewhere else for the moment until I call for you."

Frederick was glad to be gone. As he walked briskly out of the room his penis swayed to and fro, which made everyone chuckle. Even his brothers couldn't suppress their amusement at his sporting an erection under such circumstances which he, himself, had complained of as being stressful.

For the next half hour, Iris explained to Constance what had occurred at the school on the preceding day, sparing none of the details. Knowing that Constance had already been briefed by Herbert made the going a little easier. Despite this, she had half expected Constance to respond with some form of righteous indignation, but the ever-gracious woman never raised an eyebrow.

"I think some explanation is in order," Constance said to the beautiful teacher. "After you hear what I have to say, you can choose to become one of us or not. It will be your choice. But I just want you to know that I totally approve of your behavior. Penises are meant to be controlled by women—and girls," she said, glancing at her younger counterparts sitting across from her. "I will not bring any charges against you for immoral conduct. You can rest easy on that account."

"I'm glad to hear it," Iris replied. "From what Herbert and Amy told me, I got the impression that you were a highly intelligent and progressive woman who did not abide by the hypocritical rules of our society. I'm glad to see that they were right."

"It took a lot of guts for you to come here not fully knowing the truth. And I respect that in a person."

Constance spent some time going over the more basic aspects of what the Sisterhood was all about, giving Iris a more complete understanding of the Order. Once in a while Herbert noticed that his teacher's eyes would open wide when told of some particular spicy tale, but that, for the most part, she would frequently nod in agreement with her host as she explained the more abstruse points relating to what the Sisterhood expected of it members.

"We want nothing less than to create a new world order," Constance continued. "The ways of men have failed. Their legacy is etched in blood and almost constant warfare. The Sisterhood wants to make an end of male supremacy. It is the only rational solution."

"I can't say that I disagree," Iris countered. "But wresting power from a patriarchal system such as ours is going to be extremely difficult. How are you going to accomplish this feat?"

"We are accomplishing it even now—right here. Look at these boys. Do you know why they have submitted themselves to female rule?"

"I have no idea."

"They have come to realize that our ways, the ways of the Sisterhood, are the ways of our mother Earth who nurtures us all. The Sisterhood is the gentle but firm guiding hand that will keep the destructive and warlike male impulses at bay. And our male population will thank us for it."

"But how are you going to achieve this? Drug them? I don't see how it's possible—at least not on a massive scale. Men will not willingly abandon power."

"That is true. They won't. But those who cannot be persuaded to live under our rule will not enjoy the benefits of it. And there will be many benefits indeed—beginning with the end of all warfare on Earth."

"Those are very lofty goals," Iris said, scrutinizing her host. "If unrealistic."

"Not as unrealistic as you might think. I have found that most men are sick of the violence and the unending strife associated with the compulsion to dominate others."

"But you want to dominate as well. Isn't that hypocritical?"

"Our form of domination is different. The Sisterhood does not seek to create armies that go uninvited into other peoples' countries so that we can use and abuse them with impunity. All we seek is to keep men happy and contented so that they can pursue more profitable enterprises other than war. We do this by assuming positions of power in the political world. But we are also involved in many different social arenas—the media, the arts, our educational systems...they all provide women with talent and insight a chance to bring us further toward our goal of world domination. For example, as a teacher, you are in a superb position to mold the young male mind."

Iris looked at the three young men standing quietly but attentively next to her. Despite their youth and their natural male impulses, they seemed quite placid. Maybe it was possible to control these wayward impulses with the methods the Sisterhood employed. It certainly seemed as if Constance had achieved no small measure of success with her stepsons using these same methods.

"One has to be careful in the public school system," Iris said. "You can't go against established tradition without expecting a backlash of ignorance, hate, and possible violence. What I did with Herbert would be grounds for my dismissal from my job and God knows what other unpleasant entanglements with the law. So I really don't see how I can promulgate the Sisterhood's ideology in such an atmosphere."

"I agree that it is difficult to overcome the prejudice and hypocrisy of a social system that has gone awry. You are quite correct in what you say. However, there are ways of planting seeds of our belief system such that they will at least take root. I can show you how this is being done, right now, everywhere around the world."

"For instance?"

"Here, right in Point Lookout. There are many people in this town who are far more progressive than outward appearances might reveal. You would be amazed at how many people are with us."

Iris laughed. "I know my mother is one of them."

"Yes, she is."

"I would have never guessed. She never said a word."

"Because she would have been breaking a sacred vow. She knew that you were not ready to accept our beliefs and that's why she remained silent."

"Our beloved principal too?"

"Right again. You see, Iris, the world is changing—even if you are not yet aware of it. It is being done in subtle ways. It has to. We are not as physically strong as men are, and therefore we cannot intimidate them into becoming less violent. We must use our powers of persuasion, manipulation, and—dare I say it—one of our most potent tools: sexual control."

"May I say something mother?" Fiona asked.

Without waiting for a reply, the lovely blonde turned to Iris. "My mother is one of those people within the Sisterhood who believes that one of the best ways to keep guys docile is to frequently masturbate them. At least once or twice a day, sometimes even more."

"We have a special term for it," Lillian broke in. "It's called 'milking'."

"I've heard of the term," Iris said. "But what is the difference between milking and masturbation?"

Amy took this as an invitation to respond. "Masturbation is simply jerking someone off. Milking is a term used by female dominatrix's to describe a process called 'tease and denial,' which prolongs the masturbatory period for an extended time in order to produce a more robust cumshot."

"We like to milk a guy's balls really dry," Cecilia added. "And milking is the way to do it."

"Sperm, or the overproduction of the stuff, is the problem," Constance said, addressing herself to Iris. "Guys make billions of sperm every day. And they are constantly horny. This rutting sensation compels them to seek sex with a woman. When they can't find sex they jerk off. But it's a one-shot deal. It does not make them compliant. To do this, we need to milk them of all of their sperm on a daily basis. Sometimes we need to milk them over and over again until they are completely drained. I recently had to milk my own husband, Michael, who is on business in Europe, four times in a row to rid him of his semen."

This admission amused Iris. "Your hand must get very tired I would assume."

"It does indeed!" Constance laughed.

"Yeah, but we have devices that we use sometimes when our hands get tired, or when we're not in the mood," Lillian said.

"Really?" Iris asked. "What kind of devices are we talking about?"

"Herbert, go into my study and get the magic hand," Constance said. "And bring the tube of hand cream."

Herbert did as he was told and returned moments later with both items in his hands. He watched as Constance demonstrated to Iris how the device worked. Iris was fascinated.

"I've never seen such a thing in my life," the gorgeous teacher admitted as she held the lifelike female hand in her own. "It feels so real."

"Actually, it's made from a new hybrid plastic called dimethylene. Very, very much like human flesh. Just push the little button on the arm and the thing vibrates. On the larger models you can get the hand to actually move up and down the shaft of the penis while the subject sits comfortably in a chair. It can be programmed too. It's quite a labor saver."

"It's a lot of fun," Cecilia said, giggling loudly.

"And how would you know that?" Constance asked the girl.

"My mother has the one that goes up and down. She used it the other day on my father."

"Wow!" Iris remarked. "You actually saw your mother jerk your dad off with this thing?"

"She lets me watch once in a while. I used it on my brother a few days ago. You should have seen the amount of cum I got out of him. It's really amazing."

"You have an interesting family life," Iris replied, taken somewhat aback by the girl's candor.

"Don't judge her too harshly," Constance said. "You must remember that we of the Sisterhood are pagans. Anyway, most of us are. We do not abide by the moral standards taught to us by the world's dominant religions. We see them all as essentially false and emblematic of obsolete patriarchal systems, and therefore incompatible with Sisterhood ideology and human happiness."

"But where do you draw the line?" Iris asked. "A young girl like Cecilia watching her father getting masturbated by her mother—and with this contraption no less?" She turned to Cecilia. "Did you actually watch your dad come?"

Cecilia laughed. "Of course. That's the whole idea. I've seen my mother bring my dad off lots of times. I love seeing guys shoot their loads."

"But he's your father," Iris said, finding it hard to believe that the girl was telling the truth.

"So?" Cecilia replied. "So what? He's still a man. And men need to be milked."

"You must understand something, Iris," Constance said. "We want our initiates to see and experience everything there is to know about sex and how to use sex as a form of control over the male. What better way to learn than at home?"

"It sounds incestuous," Iris responded with dismay.

"Nothing of the kind," Amy said. "We don't actually do stuff with our parents. But we can watch."

"Yes, the girls can watch," Constance resumed. "It has been shown that voyeurism in the home has actually helped parents and siblings achieve greater pleasure when they orgasm—and far less guilt."

Iris had been informed by Amy the day previously that acolytes were sometimes involved in watching their parents engage in sexual practices, but she could not bring herself to believe it. Now, hearing it from Constance, she was forced to conclude that such things did indeed occur, and she found it rather alarming.

"Is this not a form of mental abuse?" she said to Constance. "I can't imagine a young girl enjoying the sight of her father ejaculating. It seems a very wicked thing to do."

"You are judging us by the standards of conventional morality," Constance replied. "Those rules do not apply here. That is not to say that we do not have a strong sense of ethics—we do. It's just that we do not believe in being hypocritical about the nature of our bodies. We do not believe that we are born in sin, or that the human body is dirty, as those steeped in religion believe. My own daughter Fiona was eighteen years old when she attended her first Sisterhood party, and she loved it. She was the youngest of my daughters to participate in the milking of huge black submissive."

"I still remember that day," Fiona said, all smiles. "My mother had put this big glob of Vaseline on my hand and I got the big black guy off in no time. He came like a horse! I remember getting all this cum over my hands. But it felt so good...you know, controlling that big stiff prick of his. I'll never forget it."

"There is nothing shameful about young people learning to love sex," Constance said to Iris. "And what better place to learn than from your own family? I'm not suggesting we engage in incest, but we can certainly learn by watching others. It is natural and right. Only traditional religions subvert the human being's natural proclivity toward sexual knowledge. The great suffering and misery such belief systems have wrought upon the world cannot be underestimated."

"Although I was born into a conservative Christian family, I myself have always believed in moral relativism," Iris admitted. "What works for humanity in one age, doesn't work in another. Times change and we have to change with the times."

Exactly," Constance said, sensing that she was making an ally. "The ancient Spartans left their infants to die on a hillside if the child was born defective. It was not considered immoral to do so. Today, if any parent did such a thing, he or she would be charged with murder. As you said, times change."

"Personally, I think the ancients were far more civilized than we are today, especially in matters concerning sexuality and religious toleration."

"Quite true. Before Constantine the Great made Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire, the Romans tolerated many different belief systems, and they worshipped many different gods. And young people were not prohibited from learning about sex. It was Christianity that made sex dirty and sinful. The early Christian fathers taught us to hate our bodies and despise the flesh, never fully comprehending that in their desire to abnegate the self, they were also casting a negative judgment upon the God that created us. Look to my own children as an example of the Sisterhood way of life. All three of my kids are sound in mind and body. None of them take any drugs. They don't smoke and they don't drink except in moderation. They are all honor students and have a vibrant social life. They are unimpeded by the insane doctrines, traditions, and rituals of a perverse and patriarchal religious system. They are the future: a new breed of woman who is going to rule the world."

Constance cast a loving eye upon her three offspring, who, along with Cecilia, sat quietly with smiles on their faces, absorbing every word the woman had to say.

"I must say that I am quite impressed by your Sisterhood," Iris said. "It might take me a little while to accept some of your doctrines, but essentially, I am in agreement with most of them."

"Splendid!" Constance replied, smiling broadly. "Take your time and think things over. If you find that you would like to join our Order, then I will act as your sponsor."

"I would like that."

"Excellent!"

For Herbert, seeing his stepmother and teacher get along so well was indeed comforting. He hadn't been quite sure how well Constance was going to react to the news that Iris had masturbated him, though he believed she would have acted with the same enlightened attitude that was the hallmark of her progressive mindset. That she did indeed behave with equanimity at the revealing news, and that he and his teacher would not suffer the possibility of any recriminations, proved that his instincts were correct. He smiled faintly, happy in the knowledge that at least one hurdle had been overcome.

"Tell me, Constance," Iris said. "How did you get involved with CFNM?"

Constance laughed. "That, my dear, is a long story."

"Go ahead, mom," Amy insisted. "Tell her about the black slaves during the Civil War. You know, Jim Knob and Black Willy."

The girl's voice seemed to acquire a certain animation at the mention of those two names and her eyes brightened considerably.

"Oh, dear! That story!"

"My ancestors used to keep slaves on the farm," Amy began telling Iris. "These two guys were the biggest..."

"All right," Constance said interrupting her. "I'll tell it."

The girls sat quietly in their seats, knowing that they were going to be entertained once more with the sordid but nonetheless truthful account of their family history. Before she began telling her story, Constance instructed Herbert, William, and Frederick to replenish each teacup. Once that had been attended to, she began her tale.

"Long before there was such a thing as the concept of 'clothed female, naked male' as an entertainment form, my great, great, great grandmother, whose name was Lily, had discovered it and practiced it assiduously on her farm in Raleigh. The Ainsworth family were plantation owners and they had, at one time, over one hundred slaves working the farm picking cotton. Lily was an avid writer and she left a journal, which has come down to us via the maternal line of the family. In it she describes some of the most, shall we say, indelicate aspects of how she went about choosing her male slaves."

"Tell her about Jim Knob and Black Willy," Amy reiterated.

"I'm getting to that," Constance replied. "Now don't ask me again." She turned to Iris. "You know why she's badgering me about those guys don't you?"

"They both had big dicks!" Amy blurted out.

Fiona and Lillian broke out laughing, and Cecilia slapped her friend on the back as she too followed suit.

"Yes, they did," Constance answered, "but I wasn't talking to you."

"Sorry, mom," the girl said, half apologetically.

"Do something useful and get me Lily's journal."

Amy got up off her seat and without a word disappeared into her mother's bedroom.

"So, you have a written record of Lily's exploits from the mid-19th century?" Iris inquired.

"Yes," Constance replied. "It's a family heirloom. Some of the language is very vulgar, even by contemporary standards. And I am amazed at how sexually debased some of these recorded incidents are."

"Are you saying that she revealed the sexual practices of these black slaves?"

"I'm saying that she recorded her own sexual practices with the slaves. How do you like that?"

"Old grandma liked them big, black, and full of spunk!" Lillian observed.

"That she did," Constance agreed. "And she made no bones about it."

This revelation struck Iris as somewhat mystifying. "Forgive me, I don't wish to cast doubt upon the veracity of your claim, but how could such a libidinous document survive destruction? It's what? Over 150 years old? If it would be considered pornographic now, it must have been absolutely wicked then. Am I right?"

"Yes," Constance replied. "But old Lily had one thing going for her—she was one of us: a Sister! It was the Sisterhood who preserved her journal, not the Ainsworth family itself. Otherwise it would have been destroyed long ago."

Just then Amy came running into the room with the journal in hand. She passed the book to her mother and resumed her seat next to Cecilia.

"Have you ever seen a book so well preserved?" Constance said, allowing Iris to run her hands over the hard, leather-bound cover.

"For its age? No. But I must say that it is quite lovely."

"The Sisters took exceptionally good care of it."

"Tell them about the slaves, mom," Amy once more insisted.

"Oh, all right!" Constance replied. "You can be most annoying sometimes, child!"

"She's like you, mom," Fiona said. "She likes to get her way."

Constance said nothing to this but simply opened the antiquated journal and put her finger on the top on the first page. She read aloud: 'Lily Ainsworth, Raleigh, North Carolina, July 4th, 1863. It is a damn hot Independence Day but I can't afford to celebrate with the other town folk because a new shipment of 20 Africans came over from Richmond and Benjamin and I need to attend to them. They are all males, mostly all over 6 feet in height and rather imposing to look at. They all need to be given Christian names. I will begin teaching the new arrivals our English language. I'll also have to teach a few of the more intelligent ones basic arithmetical skills. They will learn as they work.'

"That's amazing!" Iris said. "She sounds very educated."

"She was," Constance replied. "She was one of the first women to graduate from Harvard University in 1857."

"Really? And yet she tolerated slavery."

"Even Boston had slaves in those days. The Northerners like to think of themselves as being morally superior to us in regards to that issue, but they were just as guilty of keeping human beings in perpetual servitude."

"Mom!" Amy protested. "Get to the good part!"

"You're such a pain! Do you know that, Amy?"

Iris chuckled at the young girl's persistence. "What is it that has you so preoccupied?"

"She'll tell you. Mom?" Amy asked, staring at the mother.

"Okay, okay. The good part. Now listen carefully Iris. This is not made up. These are Lily's actual words. 'Two of the tallest men, Jim Knob and Black Willie, names given to the men by Jessie and Clara—the two youngest of my female slaves—are the handsomest of the bunch. They are also the most intelligent. But it is in their genitalia that they outshine their male counterparts.'

"Oh!" Amy exclaimed. "Here it comes!"

Ignoring her, Constance went on. 'It was sometime during the second month of their arrival here that I noticed something odd was taking place every few days at the slaves' quarters. Benjamin thought that is was simply the Africans engaging in their traditional tribal rituals, but the amount and loudness of the female voices told me that this was something different. I snuck down to the riverbank and watched from several yards away undetected. There, in the midst of a group of young women, stood Jim Knob and Black Willie, completely naked, their enormous penises flopping about as they danced around some kind of hastily constructed totem."

"This is incredible!" Iris exclaimed. "Now I understand what you mean by 'the good part,' Amy."

"It gets better," the girl replied. "Go ahead, mom."

"The dance lasted for a full hour, at the end of which both men were laid down onto the ground and masturbated by the entire group of females. Jim Knob, his organ being the longest, and the size of his testicles being far greater than that of Black Willie, was the first to be brought to climax, by the hands of none other than little Missy, Clara's eighteen-year-old daughter.'

"Can you imagine that?" Lillian said to Iris. "Now today, if such a thing like that happened in our society those people would have been reviled and punished as sexual deviants. But all those people were doing was observing some ancient ritualistic practice that was a part of their culture. Lily would have punished them severely if she were a Christian. But she wasn't. She was a Sister—a pagan. That's why those black people were allowed to continue their rituals—even when Benjamin later found out and objected to them."

"I still have a problem with young women performing sexual acts with these strange men," Iris said to Constance.

"In pagan cultures young girls figure prominently in sexual rituals, which involves the cycle of death and rebirth," Constance replied. "We do not have a taboo against them participating in these rituals because, as I've said before, sex is a beautiful gift of the Goddess and its secrets must not be hidden from our young people. Young boys too have their place in the Sisterhood schema, but they figure in it less prominently since their legacy is that of the aggressive male prototype."

"No more interruptions, mom!" Amy whined. "Please!"

Picking up where she left off, Constance began: 'Black Willie was very well endowed but a little less so than his friend. Kneeling beside him was another girl who I recognized as Abby, a nineteen-year-old who had both hands wrapped around the man's penis and was pulling wildly upon it in an up and down motion. Both girls were shown what to do by their mothers and within a matter of a few minutes both men began to ejaculate their semen high into the air while the girls laughed and applauded with great emotion, often resorting to their native tongue to praise their ancestral gods whom they believed would shower them with good fortune, just as the two men had showered them with their semen."

"Isn't that fucking great?" Amy said to Iris, her face all aglow.

"I must say, I am quite impressed."

"This is only the tip of the iceberg," Constance said to Iris. "This book is full of things that will curl your toes."

"I would love to read it sometime—with your permission of course."

"Any time you wish. You are always welcome here."

Herbert was enthralled by the story. He began to realize that the ancient Order of the Sisterhood had dug its tentacles deep into both the national and foreign landscape, and that, suddenly, Constance's vision of a new world order, governed by women, was not so unfeasible as he had at first thought.

The two women sat talking for another fifteen minutes before Constance asked Herbert to fetch Frederick.

"Tell him to bring his hard-on with him!" she instructed the boy as Herbert headed upstairs.

In less than a minute Frederick was following Herbert down the stairs and into the parlor. His face looked flushed.

"Ah, there you are!" Constance said, addressing the older boy as he reappeared alongside his younger brother, his penis still erect and provoking much amusement from the young girls. "What were you doing upstairs? Not masturbating I hope?"

"No, stepmother."

"Well, you could have fooled me!"

Frederick's unruly prick twitched uncomfortably at her comment. "It just won't go down. I don't know why."

"Well, I have a solution for that. I would like you to demonstrate the magic hand for Iris."

As she said this she picked up the replica of a female's hand and arm and told Frederick to sit between her and Iris. Frederick knew what the device could do because he had watched Constance use it on his father a few times. It had never been used on him however and he was a bit hesitant. "What's wrong, Frederick? Come over here and sit down."

"I'm not sure I want to do this."

"Why not?"

"Because it's embarrassing."

His remark caused much giggling amongst the girls.

"Embarrassing?" Constance scoffed. "You're standing there with an enormous hard-on in front of everyone and you're embarrassed?"

"I mean, it's just that, it's Ms. Fields. I feel embarrassed having to cum with that thing on."

"Who said anything about cumming?"

"Well, I assumed..."

"I just want to show her how it works, that's all. You do not have to have an orgasm. Unless of course you want to."

"I want to see him cum," Cecilia said. It was more like a directive than a request.

"Me too!" Amy laughed.

"I want to see all the boys cum!" Fiona said, looking at each of her stepbrothers in turn with a silly grin.

"Yes!" Lillian agreed. "Freddie and William haven't cum in three days. They're overdue for a good milking!"

Frederick and William looked at one another, dismayed. It was fine if Herbert wanted to cum in front of his teacher—he had already done it twice. But they didn't seem to be so eager.

"Three days?" Constance mused. "That' far too long to go without a good milking session. Okay girls. You got your wish. Frederick, come over here and sit down this instant."

Frederick slowly crossed the room to where his stepmother and Iris sat and lowered himself between them, his prick jutting out before him at an angle.

"There's nothing to feel embarrassed about, Fred," Iris said, gently touching his arm. "I would really love to see how this thing works."

"See?" Constance said to him as she applied the device to his cock. "Your teacher is a most gracious lady. Now sit still while I put this on."

The girls were having a grand time watching Constance adjust the device onto Frederick's prick. Even Herbert and William couldn't stop from chuckling as they watched their brother look on helplessly as his cock grew even bigger under his stepmother's attention.

Once the plastic hand was resting firmly upon his shaft, Constance clicked a button on the arm and the thing began to vibrate, a gentle hum filling the air.

"How does that feel?" Constance asked her stepson.

"Actually, it's pretty nice," he replied. "Not heavy at all."

"Obviously you can only apply the magic hand when the guy's penis is erect," Constance told Iris. "But once you turn it on, it takes a relatively short time before orgasm becomes imminent."

"Mom," Amy said. "I think we should all go out onto the patio. You don't want him getting his spunk all over the carpet."

"I have a better idea," Constance said. "William, go into the kitchen and fetch me the big salad bowl. We'll catch his sperm in there."

William did as he was told and returned moments later with the outsized glass bowl. He handed it to Constance.

"No, give it to Amy," she told him. "I have to control this thing with both hands."

William handed the bowl to the girl and resumed his place next to Herbert. Frederick's prick was now at full mast, completely under the control of the vibrating hand.

The girls moved in closer around Frederick, assuming positions on the floor either in front of, or on the side of, where he was sitting, watching in fascination as the device did its work. This less sophisticated version of the magic hand worked more or less like a simple vibrator, wherein only the palm section of the hand was actively vibrating. But it was enough. With the aid of a little lubrication, Constance had lessened the nominal amount of abrasion that naturally would occur between the plastic and human flesh, providing a slick buffer between the two, which facilitated the pleasurable sensations Frederick was now experiencing.

"I don't think I can hold out much longer," Frederick announced, his heavy balls rising up toward the base of his penis.

Seeing that he was on the verge of cumming, Amy took hold of one end of the salad bowl and Cecilia the other, and both girls placed it a few feet in front of Frederick's cock, which was now undergoing its first orgasmic spasms.

"Get it in the bowl, Freddie," Amy advised her brother. "Not the carpet."

Herbert noticed that Iris could not take her eyes of his brother's prick, so much in appearance like his own but several inches shorter. Nonetheless it was a meaty specimen and was capable of multiple bursts of semen, as he and his stepsisters well knew from their many sexual encounters together. He was going to advise Cecilia not to sit directly in front of his brother's soon-to-be spurting cock, but thought the better of it. He would love nothing more than to see the arrogant little brat saturated with Frederick's cum. It would serve her right for draining him of so much of his own sperm.

The magic hand was working its magic on Frederick. He closed his eyes and winced, as if trying to hold back the impending tidal wave. But when he opened his eyes he saw Amy and Cecilia, poised like two supplicants, holding the large salad bowl only inches away from his cock, and Lillian and Fiona sitting close to the supplicants, their faces focused on the lifelike human hand inexorably bringing him to orgasm.

"It's like taming the beast," Constance said, noticing Iris's absorption with the device. "Every time we get a guy to cream, some of that natural aggression wears off. That's why having our males constantly emptied of their sperm is such an integral part of Sisterhood ideology. I know it might sound like I'm over exaggerating, but a contented male is a thoroughly milked male."

It was apparent to Herbert that Iris was quite aroused by the sight of Frederick's unusual masturbation. He knew that special look in her eyes when she was consumed with lust. It seemed to him that she had to fight her natural instincts to reach for her brother's prick by keeping her hand firmly placed upon his arm as his breathing became hard and fast.

"Watch this," Constance said, noticing that her stepson was only moments away from ejaculating.

With a press of the button on the remote switch, the vibrator took on new life, the vibrations forcing Frederick's huge penis to jerk back and forth wildly.

"Oh God!" he cried. "I'm cumming!"

Cecilia and Amy took that as their cue to place the bowl right in front of Frederick's cock. "Fill it up you worthless little worm!" Cecilia cried.

Under most conditions, ejaculations are more or less timed to occur every few seconds. But the device forced a multiple series of salvos to occur one after the other in quick succession. Once the heavy ropes of sperm started hitting the bowl, Amy and Cecilia had to keep it held high and at the correct angle to prevent the residue from splashing onto the floor. The girls shrieked with laughter and amazement as huge volleys of spunk were jettisoned into the bowl, sometimes landing conveniently within the bottom portion of the container and other times ricocheting off the sides, forcing the girls to work hard to contain it.

Herbert had already counted a dozen distinct ropes of ejaculate and Frederick's cock was still shooting out the heavy white cream. His stepsisters were thoroughly enjoying the erotic show, urging Frederick on to new heights or orgasmic bliss with a shower of filthy sexual talk. And still the sperm kept coming.

"No wonder he's been so cranky lately!" Constance laughed. "Look at all that goo!"

The salad bowl was half full and it was doubtful that Amy and Cecilia could keep the bowl positioned correctly. As the boy's prick continued to unload it massive supply of hot juice, both girls were laughing so much that they were getting careless. If something weren't done soon, they were going to lose control of the bowl.

"Here," Herbert said, reaching for the bowl. "Let me."

He grabbed the bowl none too soon. A huge, multiple blast of sperm rocketed straight into the glass container, which Herbert held at exactly the correct position to contain the entire load of cum. And then it was over.

"Jesus Christ!" Frederick cried. "I feel like my soul has been ripped out of my body!"

"I don't think so, Freddie," Lillian said, looking at the half-filled bowl. "But you did lose a lot of fucking cum!"

"Do you always shoot that much?" Iris asked the boy.

"No. Not like that," Frederick replied as he removed the device from his shrinking prick. "It's the vibrations. I don't know what happened but it just made me keep cumming."

"Good." Constance said. "The more sperm we get out of you boys the better. William, you're up next."

"But I don't want to use that thing on my dick."

"Fine. What do you suggest?"

"Well, I was thinking. If she doesn't mind, I'd like Ms. Fields to jack me off."

All eyes were suddenly upon Iris.

"Would you like to do the honors, Iris?" Constance asked.

"Well, I...

"You don't have to do anything if it offends you."

"No, it doesn't offend me. Sure, why not?"

Herbert smiled. He knew that Iris was very much aroused and that this unexpected request would be just what she needed to quell her lust.

"Frederick," Constance said. "Take the bowl from Herbert and go and empty it into the toilet. Rinse it out and bring it back so that we can catch the next batch of sperm."

Frederick did as he was told, returning with a clean salad bowl, which he handed to Amy.

"Round two!" the girl cried as she and Cecilia played tug of war with the container.

William had decided that he would rather stand than sit, and positioned himself between his stepmother and Iris. Iris continued to sit but moved her body forward on the sofa so that she could hold William's butt cheeks with her right hand while stroking his penis with her left. Constance added a little spice to the mix by fondling her stepson's balls, kneading them with her fingers as if they were play dough.

"This is such fun!" Cecilia laughed. "I love watching them shoot."

"You love making them cum!" Amy said, waving the salad bowl temptingly in front of William's hardening prick.

Iris wasted no time in getting the young boy fully erect. With a few very deft manipulations, William was dripping pre-cum after only a minute or so of stimulation. The boy was no doubt extremely turned on by his former teacher's beauty. Herbert recalled that he had once told him that he fantasized about her all the time and imagined himself shooting his spunk all over her lovely face. Although he wouldn't get to go that far, a handjob was nonetheless something that William could have never envisioned.

"You have a very lovely cock," Iris said to William, as she stroked him hard. "I hope you have as much cum in those balls as Frederick did."

"He pretty much shoots big loads too," Fiona said in a matter-of-fact tone. "The bigger the wad, the more the guy is into you."

"Are you into me, William?" Iris asked.

"Yes, Ms. Fields," he replied breathlessly. "Very much."

"Then I guess we're going to see an orgasm of major proportions?"

"I hope so, Ms. Fields."

Herbert knew his brother was a quick cummer. William often shot off far sooner than he or Frederick did. But his loads were also not as voluminous. However, seeing that his brother was now being expertly masturbated by Iris, he wasn't so sure that he might not produce an eruption of volcanic proportions. He didn't have long to wait.

As her finely manicured hands pulled upward on William's taught organ, a thick jet of white cream erupted from the tip and flew straight into the waiting bowl. A second spurt followed the same trajectory and was immediately duplicated by a succession of similar bursts that were all captured within the glass vessel. Unlike Frederick's erratic performance, William's ejaculations were, although explosive in their own right, similar in volume and trajectory. Amy and Cecilia hardly had to maneuver the bowl much in any direction and, as such, sat perfectly still watching each spurt as it was delivered in the container.

For his part, William had kept his eyes focused on Iris's stroking hand, wishing his prick was deep inside her vagina instead of relinquishing his seed into the bowl. But despite this, he was thankful to have her hand on his cock at all, and looked at her at intervals during his orgasm, his ejaculations made even more intense by watching her gorgeous face light up with each new burst of semen.

"That's an even dozen!" Cecilia laughed as the inside of the bowl was now coated with a milky opaqueness.

William fired off a few more shots of cum and then it was over. Iris's right hand was dripping with his sperm.

"Here, my dear," Constance said to the teacher as she handed her a few napkins.

"Thank you," Iris replied as she took the napkins and wiped the cum from her hands. "I must say, William, you did shoot quite a load!"

"Not as much as Freddie," Amy was quick to point out, "but still pretty good."

All eyes were now on Herbert. "I don't think it's worth having me cum for you," he said weakly. "I came four times yesterday."

"And once last night," Cecilia reminded him, with a smirk on her face.

"You know how I frown on masturbation," Constance said to the boy. "If any of you boys need to be relieved of your sperm you are to have one of the girls do it. No self-masturbators allowed in this house."

"Actually, mom," Amy said, dipping her fingers into the bowl of sperm, "me and Cecilia made him fellate himself."

This admission made everyone laugh. Even Herbert's brothers were surprised.

"You actually blew yourself?" William asked Herbert.

"I don't believe it!" Frederick stated awestruck. "You always said you'd never attempt it!"

"He had no choice," Amy said to Frederick. "We forced him into it. But he enjoyed it. Didn't you Herbert?"

The beautiful girl looked up at her stepbrother with a wonton smile, huge globs of William's sperm dripping off her fingers.

"For heaven's sake, child!" Constance said to Amy. "Get that sperm off your fingers before you get it on my floor and go wash your hands!"

"Okay, mom, whatever," Amy replied with some annoyance.

After she had left the room, Constance repeated her daughter's question.

"Well, Herbert. Did you enjoy it?"

"I sucked my cock like the girls told me to but I didn't taste my cum."

"What did you do?"

Herbert was reluctant to reveal his secret but he had no choice. He was prepared for their ridicule. "I ...I..."

"He came in his face!" Cecilia blurted out, her face contorted in laughter.

That was all it took to start everyone laughing. Even Iris, who usually reacted with a quiet kind of dignity to almost every situation, laughed out loud at the revelation.

"I would have loved to have seen that!" his teacher cried.

Several minutes elapsed in which no one could calm down sufficiently to utter a word, such was the intensity of their mirth. As Amy re-entered the room she too started to laugh, realizing that Herbert's secret was out.

"Thanks, Cecilia," the offended boy said.

His remark had absolutely no effect upon the arrogant girl. "When you have as big a tool as Herbert's you can't get out of the way. It's always...there!" She illustrated her point by putting her outstretched palms in front of her face. "Squirt! Squirt!" she laughed, pretending she was getting splashed in the face with semen.

"That's enough!" Herbert said, in a warning tone.

"And you should have seen Herbert's face when he was finished—it was completely covered in cum. It's a good thing he has hardwood floors in his bedroom!"

"I told you to stop it!"

Despite his admonition, the girl continued, to the amusement of everyone.

"He looked so ridiculous!" Cecilia went on, heedless of the boy's growing anger. "He refused to taste it, even when I ordered him to. He can be very nasty sometimes."

"Shut the fuck up you stupid little bitch!" the boy shouted, exasperated with the girl's insensitivity.

Suddenly, the entire room was quiet. It was rare that Herbert ever lost his temper, so it was the anger in his voice, not the words themselves, that gave everyone pause. At length, Constance spoke up.

"You know I don't allow such words to be spoken to any female in this house," she said directing her anger at him. "Now apologize to Cecilia."

Herbert looked at the girl sitting on the floor next to Amy with fire in his eyes. Her own face reflected a mixture of shock and wounded pride. He wanted to slap her.

"I will not apologize," he said.

"You will apologize or you will suffer the consequences."

"I am not going to apologize to her!"

"Fine," Constance said. "Now pull up a chair and give us all a repeat performance."

"What?" Herbert asked, feeling a twinge of pain in his stomach.

"Well," Constance replied. "If you are not going to apologize, then you are going to suck yourself off for us all to see. Now pull up that chair behind you and give us a show."

He heard Cecilia chuckle softly. She returned his icy stare with a wicked smile, taunting him with her eyes, mocking him with her half-open, seductive mouth. Even his teacher, whom he had hoped would intervene on his behalf, said nothing, seemingly eager to watch him perform the act of self-fellatio.

He was not going to apologize to Cecilia under any circumstances. To him, that would compromise his integrity, and he would not give her the satisfaction of an apology. He took the chair and placed it where Constance told him to, at the end of the coffee table where everyone could get a clear and unimpeded view of his performance.

Strangely enough, Herbert found the humiliating act served as an aphrodisiac. His penis, up to this point, was semi-erect. But now it was growing harder every second. He hated to admit it to himself, but he was drawn to the bratty little brown-haired sprite. Her sexually charged nature, so wicked and demanding, compelled him to servitude: he had no choice but to surrender himself and his sperm to her, just as he did the day before. As odd as it seemed, he understood that the secret of her power over him lay in her fine facial features: the exquisitely designed nose, with each nostril perfectly symmetrical; the high cheekbones; the large, liquid brown eyes in which a man could lose himself; and the mouth—that aperture of godlike design, created to entice men to pull down their pants and masturbate mindlessly, imaging their bursting cocks expelling quarts of liquid protein into it and down her lovely throat.

"Your last chance," Constance reminded him.

"No, don't stop him," Cecilia remonstrated. "You all have to see this!"

"Than get going, Herbert," Constance ordered. "Start sucking!"

"No! Mother!" Amy said. "I think we should all go out on the patio. In case he shoots into outer space."

She said this half-jokingly but there was truth in what she said.

"You're right, darling. He does tend to shoot quite far and I don't need his filth messing up my carpet. All right. Everyone out onto the patio. William and Frederick, you're excused."

"Why do we have to go?" William asked

"Because I said so!" Constance replied.

The two boys looked a Herbert with a conciliatory frown and slowly exited the room. Herbert was dismayed that his two brothers had been summarily dismissed.

He was now all alone, the center of attention for this group of dominant females. He resented having to perform at all, let alone as a punishment to atone for his misconduct toward the willful Cecilia. But he knew there was no way out of it. He was the last to walk out the door and into the bright midday sun. His stepmother, Iris, his three stepsisters, and Cecilia were moving their chairs into a semicircle; his chair at the intersection between the two outermost chairs. Cecilia sat closest to him on his left side while Amy occupied the chair to his right. He sat facing the sun so that all he could see were their silhouettes. There was nervous anticipation in the air and lots of giggling.

"What are you waiting for?" Constance asked the boy. "Get going!"

His prick was still erect but not as hard as it had been a few minutes earlier. He gave himself a few hard strokes, hoping that his cock would extend to its full length so that he would not have to bend his body over so far to suck it. All eyes were now upon him.

"I really hate to resort to punishment, Herbert," Constance began, "but you have broken one of my cardinal rules. I hope you're not angry with me."

"I'm not angry at you stepmother," he replied casually jerking his dick back and forth in front of the women. "I should never have used those words."

"You can still apologize if you wish."

"To you, yes. To Cecilia, no."

"You are very stubborn, Herbert. Very stubborn indeed."

"I would rather jerk off in front of all of you, as humiliating as it is, than to say I'm sorry to that girl."

"And so you shall jerk off," Constance said firmly. "If you want to act like a little brat then you shall be treated like one. Enough with your hands. Get your mouth around that thing!"

Herbert heard Cecilia and the rest of the female voyeurs laugh gaily as he followed his stepmother's orders and wrapped his lips around the tip of his tool. As humiliating as it was for him to act out his punishment in this fashion, he found that it also enervated him. For reasons he could not explain, the smiling and laughing faces, the errant and often obscene comments, and the ridicule and mockery heaped upon him provided him with a sense of profound pleasure that defied reason. They treated him as if he were nothing more than a perverse exhibitionist—a sexual plaything that they could objectify with impunity. And he found intense arousal at the thought of being used in such a way.

"Look at him suck that big fucking dork!" Cecilia said with a grin, moving her chair closer to watch Herbert suck himself.

"I'll be you he shoots one of his trademark humongous loads," Fiona added.

"I don't care if he shoots a gallon, just as long as none of it lands on me!" Lillian said.

Herbert continued to suck himself, never once stopping to take a breath. He wanted it to be over as fast as possible and without giving Cecilia any more amusement than was necessary.

"I have to admit," Iris said to Constance without taking her eyes of Herbert, "that your boys are very well trained."

"Thank you," Constance smiled, appreciating the compliment. "Their real mother was a very strict woman, so I am given to understand. And their father, my husband Michael, is submissive by nature. So the groundwork was already sown. The frequent milkings help to ensure that my stepsons remain under my control."

Herbert's prick was now half buried in his mouth, much to the delight of all concerned. He was trying to bring himself off as fast as possible.

"That's it brother!" Amy said joyfully. "Deep throat that cock!"

"I don't know many men who can do that!" Constance said, admiring the way Herbert was fellating himself. "But to get back to what I was saying...yes, it all comes down to a matter of control. And I have found that the best way to bring the male species under control is to make sure that they are constantly and assiduously milked as often as possible."

"Do it fast, Herbert!" Cecilia shouted. "Do it fast!"

"Because sperm builds up so fast in the human body," Constance continued, "guys find their balls full of billions of the little suckers every day. An overload of semen can make the male angry, aggressive, and violent. Controlled milkings help to greatly reduce these negative tendencies."

"Fascinating," Iris replied, her lustful eyes fixed on Herbert's prick, now slick with a mixture of saliva and pre-cum.

The boy's head was bobbing up and down on his shaft with lightening speed. Never once did he look up to meet his tormentors' gaze. All he wanted to do was to ejaculate, and he wanted it to be a big one. He could care less if the entire world was watching. Even in his discomfiture, he would make them appreciate his sexual talents, even if they saw him as nothing more than a boy with an oversized appendage.

"I love the way his balls bounce up and down!" Lillian laughed.

Fiona had noticed it too. "I'll bet he has a ton of juice in there!"

"Herbie's going to cum soon, mother," Amy said, her voice full of anticipation.

"I can see that. Thank you, Amy."

Whatever sense of depravity Herbert might have felt at having to submit to his stepmother's punishment by way of Cecilia's wounded feelings, he did not let it interfere with his overwhelming desire to bring himself off in record time. Cecilia and Amy continued their verbal assault upon the boy, adding rude gestures to their sexual slurs and laughing uncontrollably even as Herbert delivered the final tongue lashes to his towering slick organ, both of the girls waiting patiently to see him erupt.

"Show us what you've got, Herbert!" Cecilia wailed, sensing he was close to orgasm.

"As you can see for yourself," Constance said to Iris, "once a male gets horny to the degree you see now, he blocks out all external input to the exclusion of anything that might help him to ejaculate. He is extremely focused on achieving only one thing: orgasm."

"I can see that," Iris replied. "With all the verbal abuse and humiliation the girls are giving him, you'd think he wouldn't be enjoying it so much. But he doesn't seem to be distracted by it."

"No, because like I said, the foul language and the rude gestures actually stimulate his libido. Many men would never admit it, but it I do believe that they enjoy being degraded by a woman. A woman's laughter actually heightens their arousal. Herbert is definitely one of these types."

Amy noted that her stepbrother's head was now moving even faster than before. "Get ready everybody," she said, finding the sight highly amusing. "He's going to blow soon!"

Suddenly, Herbert was overcome with a powerfully pleasant sensation that originated at the base of his scrotum and spread quickly throughout the rest of his genital region. He suddenly extended both his legs outwards before him and removed his mouth from his throbbing prick. As his head moved away from his penis he saw Cecilia's mocking face, that beautiful angelic face, now contorted with hysterical laughter, her eyes darting upwards full of wondrous surprise as she followed a thick cloud of white liquid shooting skyward in long, voluminous ropes, six, no, ten feet high, like a mighty harbinger of the first of many waves to come, all of them thick, creamy white loads of silky semen, erupting pell-mell as if in obeisance to the girl's silent command.

"Fuck!" Amy screeched. "What a load!"

She turned to look at Cecilia who was too absorbed by Herbert's spectacular orgasm to take her eyes off the sight. She looked again at Herbert and saw that his prick was firing off rope after rope of sperm, without so much as a stroke from him, spitting its molten juice toward the mystified onlookers in great bursts of ten or more feet, his balls heaving under the pressure, thankful to be finally relieved of their heavy burden.

"Oh, my God!" Constance laughed. "I've seen him come many times before," she said to Iris, "but never like this!"

Iris knew Herbert was capable of producing vast quantities of sperm, but what she was witnessing now was something exemplary. "I have to tell you Constance that watching him shoot like this really gets me wet."

"I know what you mean," the wicked stepmother said. "I get hot watching all my boys cum. But this! Look at Cecilia. She's loving it!"

"I think she knows that she's got a hold on Herbert. And Herbert loves surrendering to powerful women, or girl, in this case."

"Her mastery over him is what's provoking those splendid cumshots. Wow! Look at that one!"

Even as she spoke Herbert let go with a monstrous multiple ejaculation, some of which landed very close to Cecilia's feet. The girl screamed with joy as she looked down to see the thick puddle of white only inches from her toes.

"Keep creaming, Herbert! Give us more! More!"

Once again, Herbert's tool, in complaisance to the girl's order, relinquished another series of multiple volleys of sperm, each thick rope jetting out in front of him as though he were nothing more than a container with an attached hose, intermittently ejecting powerful jets of spunk high up into the air.

"Yes!" Amy squealed. "More ropes! More ropes!"

By this time Fiona, Lillian, Iris, and even Constance, had all become a cheering section for the boy's incomparable display of sperm. Their voices were raised in unison with those of Cecilia and Amy, urging him on to even greater heights of ejaculatory prowess. And in deference to their will, his penis continued to spurt out giant ropes of cum, his agitated prick bobbing back and forth in spasmodic delight, surrendering one massive load after another.

"This is so fucking cool!" Cecilia laughed. "You really outdid yourself, Herbert. Apology accepted!"

She knows! Herbert thought to himself, even as he let go with another major eruption that sailed right over Amy' head. The girl shrieked with glee as she watched the sperm land only a few feet behind her.

She knows! He thought again as yet another creamy blast of semen shot out toward the object of both his lust and his dislike. Cecilia laughed as the liquid, white tribute arced upwards over her head and onto Lillian's lap.

She knows! The realization that she knew he was doing his best to impress her, even when he wanted to rip the clothes from her body and stick his penis as far up her vagina as possible—or even better—her unbelievably tight and luscious ass, made him feel both elated and defeated at the same time. And in his surrender to this arrogant, demanding and vain girl, he found a sense of purpose: that he must devote his life to her pleasure. Nothing else mattered. Not even his lust for Amy.

And, as if to punctuate his newfound realization, his prick reared back and spat out one final giant donation—a messy, stringy, series of multiple cumshots that acted as the apex of his performance, much like the grand finale of a fireworks display. And through it all he watched the prideful girl's lovely face, illuminated with the knowledge that she could drive him to both the height of sexual performance and to the depths of sexual depravity.

As the final series of ejaculations began to ebb, Herbert looked out at the small crowd of beautiful women, now applauding wildly and congratulating him on a job well done. The patio floor was a vast puddle of greasy cum, made slick with repeated ejaculations. To his own amazement, and that of his lovely spectators, he had achieved something wonderful. Such a performance had to be rewarded.

"Herbert," Constance said, after the applause had died down. "Our Halloween party is only a few months away. I want you to be one of the headliners in our show. What do you say to that?"

Herbert had no doubt as to how to respond. "I would love to, stepmother."

"Good," she said, smiling satisfactorily. "Now go inside and clean yourself up. And when you're done, get a mop and pail and clean your spunk off my patio!"

All the women laughed at her comment, Cecilia most of all. He got up and did as he was told.

END OF CHAPTER 3

The Life and CFNM Times of Herbert Smith Ch. 04
byfmcchris©

It takes a lot of work to throw a CFNM party. Don't let anyone kid you. Herbert found this out for himself only weeks before when Constance began making preparations for the Halloween party. The ever-vivacious hostess spared no expense to ensure that her extravaganza would be one that people would remember for a long time to come. And in pursuit of this goal she utilized all the resources at her disposal—including, much to their dismay—the combined energies of Fiona, Lillian, and Amy. The girls were not too happy at being enlisted to help with menial tasks around the house, which were primarily relegated to Herbert and his two brothers. But the party was a special occasion, and Constance needed everyone to help her make it a success.

Herbert had been anticipating this party with barely concealed enthusiasm. For weeks now his teacher Iris Fields had made it a point to pay frequent visits to his house, offering to help Constance with preparing the guest list. Sometimes his teacher would bring along a friend or two to meet Constance, who would then provide them with particulars of the Sisterhood in the hopes that they might join the powerful organization. Herbert was invariably called upon to display his prodigious penis to the women, and found great pleasure in being admired by them, to the point that he would often be compelled to masturbate himself in front of them until he reached one of his spectacular orgasms.

As the day of the party approached, he found himself sitting nude at the kitchen table looking over the guest list. He was amazed to learn from Constance that several bona fide movie stars were going to be in attendance: Terry Hatcher, Drew Barrymore, Nicole Kidman...and many lesser known celebrities who were not yet a part of Hollywood's stellar firmament. Next to some of the women's names was a numeral set off in parentheses—indicating the number of accompanying guests. And on another sheet of paper was a list of a dozen or so men's names—including his own and his two brothers, whom Constance had decided would participate. Amy had told him that all these men had been chosen for their subservience, and more importantly, their ability to produce cumshots of gigantic proportions.

"But what is it about these big loads that turns you girls on so much?" he had asked her at the time.

Amy couldn't help but chuckle. "They're fun to watch, Herbert. You know...big balls heaving up and down, the guy's face all screwed up and funny-looking...and then, ka-pow!—this fucking huge explosion of spunk spurting like twelve feet in the air. It's very entertaining."

Herbert had to admit that seeing guys cum like that was an impressive sight. "Do you think there's going to be many people our own age coming to the party?"

"Yes, from what mom told me. Look at the list. This woman has got her three daughters with her and this one has twins."

"Great," he replied, staring down at the paper. "So I don't have to spend the night entertaining middle-aged women."

"Oh, come on, Herbert...you love jerking off for the older ladies."

"Yeah, but sometimes I like talking to girls my own age, too."

"Well, it seems you'll have plenty of opportunity to do that tonight—just be prepared."

He wondered what she meant by "prepared". But before he could ask her, Constance called her away, and he was left there pondering what he had to be "prepared" for.

Constance had hired a catering service to supply the food and drinks, while she and her daughters festooned the entire party area with Halloween decorations. By 3:00 p.m. the caterers had come and gone, leaving the living room looking more like a banquet hall than anything else. Most of it was finger food, so that the guests could fend for themselves. Since the party was essentially a "Sisterhood" party, there was no possible way the caterers themselves could be asked to stay; the extremely prurient nature of the event would strictly preclude it.

There was no shortage of alcohol. Constance knew from experience that many Hollywood luminaries liked to drink, and she did not want to be caught short. She herself drank very little, having little appreciation for the taste of hard liquor and even less tolerance for the mind-numbing effects it produced as a result of overindulgence. But behind her apparent dislike for drink lay an even more pertinent reason for eschewing the habit: her dread of losing control.

Like most women of the Sisterhood, she believed that the domination of males was best achieved with a clear and focused mind. This was not to say that the Sisters did not indulge themselves in sensory pleasures of various kinds from time to time, but for the most part, they practiced a comprehensive form of self-discipline that kept them mostly on the straight and narrow, even if the practice of their particular fetishes might intimate otherwise. For her, the idea of being "drunk" was abhorrent because this would mean that she had lost her self-control—something no respectable Sister could endure.

The guests began to arrive around 6:00 p.m. There was no shortage of space to park on the vast grounds of the Smith estate and soon the entire first floor, including the front and rear of the house, were swarming with people. Herbert had purposely stood at his bedroom window on the second floor looking down upon the sudden influx of women as they crossed from the designated parking area across the immense circular driveway toward the front door. He heard a cacophony of laughter waft upwards as they approached the front door, and noticed that almost all of them were dressed up in some sort of Halloween costume. He wondered if the men who had been hired to perform—including himself—would be up to the task of entertaining these demanding Sisterhood women.

Within the hour the entire house was alive with partygoers. Herbert, his brothers William and Frederick, and twelve other men who had been hired to perform, now began to make their way through the crowd carrying drinks on serving trays—all of them completely naked. The men had arrived an hour before the party had begun and had been briefed by Constance as to what was expected of them. They were all invariably tall, well-built, and handsome. He noticed that there were several black men amongst them who were quite well endowed, their flaccid penises a potent indication of how they might appear once fully erect. Amy had told him that many of these men were professional strippers and that she and her sisters had known a few of them by name, having seen them perform live at nightclubs in Atlantic City. He felt comfortable around these men, not only because their penises rivaled his own in size and girth, but because they, like him, truly enjoyed pleasing women. Their affable, pliant natures were immensely conducive to the general mood of joviality and fun, and this pleasant atmosphere made a distinctly favorable impression upon the guests.

The celebrities began to arrive not long after 6:00 p.m. Drew Barrymore was first to show up, along with her eighteen-year-old niece, Elise, in hand. Drew looked beautiful as usual and was dressed as a 1920's flapper girl, her green gown accentuating her voluptuous figure. Elise was dressed exactly like her aunt except that her outfit was a flamboyant yellow. Herbert noticed that she looked a lot like her famous aunt, her blonde hair adorned with ringlets under the little flapper hat, her bright, blue-gray eyes focusing intently on the people moving around her, especially the naked waiters.

Moments after Drew's arrival, Nicole Kidman appeared, radiantly outfitted as the Disney character Esmeralda. Her gypsy costume was a gaudy affair consisting mostly of bold crimsons and muted greens. Her cousin, Sunday, who had just celebrated her twentieth birthday, was dressed as Cinderella. The girl did not seem in the least bit intimidated by the people swarming around her world-renowned cousin. She smiled and laughed as easily as her Nicole did, and Herbert began to see how normal everyone seemed to behave, despite the nakedness all around them.

Teri Hatcher, who had arrived soon after Nicole with her eighteen-year-old niece Emerson Rose, was the first person he served. The stunning actress was overflowing with vivacity and Herbert was immediately drawn to her sunny personality. Emerson was a very pretty girl with brown hair and a likeable personality, and Herbert saw that she was just as gregarious as Teri. Neither Teri nor Emerson Rose took any obvious notice of Herbert's nakedness, and this made him feel less uncomfortable in the midst of so many females.

Herbert knew there were going to be over two hundred guests attending the party, but it seemed to him as though there were many more than had been invited. Constance had warned him that this could indeed be the case, as many people only gave a crude estimate of how many additional guests might attend. But he was happy to see that there were many more females around his own age than there were older women, accounting for perhaps about one-third of the total number of attendees.

"Hey, bro!" William said, tapping his younger brother from behind on the shoulder. "Checking out all the young fillies I see?"

Herbert cast his eyes around the room, seeking every young face he could find. "Of course. Strange how they don't seem to be bothered by our nakedness."

"Well, Amy told us some of them were veterans."

Herbert laughed. "Veterans? Of what?"

"You know, seeing guys' nude. Hey, if they have no problem with our bits hanging out, I don't."

"I think Amy meant something a bit more kinky."

"Oh," William mused. "You mean like the family sex thing."

"Like the games Cecilia and her mother play with her dad."

"Exactly."

Just then a pretty blonde girl and her twin sister, both of whom looked to be in their early twenties, and who were wearing pink ballerina costumes, approached Herbert.

"Can we have some wine?" one of them asked.

"Sure you can," Herbert replied, as he handed both of them a glass from his tray.

"Thank you," the cute, elfin creature replied as she and her sister happily waltzed their way back into the crowd.

"They didn't look at our cocks," William observed wryly. "Not once."

"I know. It's like 'been there, done that'."

"Well, don't get too complacent bro. I have a feeling things are going to change pretty quickly around here. I'll catch you later."

William left to attend to another young woman who stood before him with her glass waiting to be filled. And then Herbert saw his teacher, Iris Fields, accompanied by her mother Jean, approach him from the left, holding a glass of vodka in her hands.

"Herbert!" she said gaily. "There you are! You look so handsome in your Halloween costume!"

She laughed at her own joke and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

"And you look great in yours," he said jokingly in return, since she was dressed not in a costume, but in a tight-fitting black dress and high heels.

"I left my witch hat at home this time," she confessed. "But that doesn't mean that I might not cast a spell upon you anyway!"

"I've been under your spell for a long time, Iris," he admitted, admiring her surreal beauty. "You didn't need magic to win me over."

The red-haired beauty laughed and rested her hand on his shoulder. "This is my mother, Jean."

"Hi, Ms. Fields," Herbert said, offering his hand. It was no secret where the younger woman derived her beauty.

"Hello, Herbert," she replied, shaking his hand. "I hear the show is going to be amazing tonight. Are you up for it?"

Herbert chuckled to himself, knowing that he was always "up for it" where women were concerned.

"I guess so," he replied. "But this is the first time I've had to perform in front of so many women at once."

"Don't let it bother you, young man," she said, reaching for a glass from his tray. "That's the way of the Sisterhood. And this Halloween party is really being thrown for them. I'm sure you'll have no problem keeping all of us enthralled."

Without any warning the older woman reached out her hand and gave his penis a quick tug.

He drew back, the drinks on his tray rattling as he did so.

"Don't mind my mother, Herbert," Iris said, apologizing. "She just wants to see what you're made of."

"Fine stuff, I'm sure," Jean replied, giving Herbert a gentle pat on his cheek.

"Come on, you crazy lady," Iris said, ushering her mother into the crowd. "We'll catch you later, Herbert."

Constance proved herself to be a most gracious and entertaining host, especially to the younger girls. After she had greeted all of her guests, both famous and not so famous, she indulged the girls in games of all sorts—bobbing for apples, musical chairs, blind man's bluff—and many other similar games to keep their restless minds occupied while giving their more adult counterparts time to spend catching up on current events. Fiona, Lillian, and Amy assisted Constance in keeping the girls involved, allowing their mother some time to mingle with her peers.

Once the novelty of the games had worn off, Constance made a little speech to the crowd.

"Ladies," she began. "It is my pleasure to welcome all of you to our Sisterhood Halloween party. And I put the emphasis on Halloween because this party is being held in honor of all our lovely young ladies. Yes, my dears—this is your party! In a half hour our handsome men are going to entertain us and I assure you that this place is going to explode with excitement."

"I'd rather see it explode with sperm!" Nicole shouted back.

The younger women who heard her remark reacted with glee, clapping their hands and cheering wildly. Herbert felt a distinct twinge in his penis in response to the star's lascivious comment, and had to fight the urge to touch his genital area.

"You are very naughty girls!" Constance laughed. "But Nicole is right. Lots of semen is coming your way tonight ladies!"

There was another outburst of applause but this time the older women added their own enthusiastic response to that of their younger counterparts.

It was around 8:30 p.m. that Constance called Herbert and the other naked men into the kitchen. This was it, he thought. Now the real entertainment is going to begin!

"There will be no more serving tonight," the congenial hostess said, addressing the men. "The guests can fend for themselves from now on. So put down your trays and do what you do best. I will be watching all of you."

With these assurances Herbert and the other naked men departed to various areas in and around the house. On the back patio three strippers had begun dancing in front of a small crowd. Since they already had no clothes on, the men covered their cocks in whipped cream and invited the women to give them blowjobs. It wasn't long before a tall, athletic blonde wrapped her hand around one of the men's cocks and started sucking, her nineteen-year-old daughter watching with fascination.

"He's so big, mom," the girl said, admiring her mother's ability to take so much of the hard meat into her mouth.

"Mommy likes them big, Gina," the mother replied as she removed the tip of the man's prick from her mouth momentarily.

"Grace loves the taste of sperm," a woman standing close by said to the stripper. "You're a lucky man."

"I am indeed, mistress," the stripper replied as his eyes traveled back and forth from mother to daughter.

"How big is your prick?"

"I am exactly ten inches," he replied breathing heavily.

"So, Grace," the woman said as the mother once again forced the huge shaft to disappear into her mouth. "You always have to be the first, don't you?"

The mother sucked on the hard cock for a few seconds and then came up for air. "That's right, Toni. Why don't you find your own cock to suck?"

"I only suck my husband's prick. Everyone else gets a handjob."

She said this is a less than complimentary way, but Grace didn't care one bit and resumed sucking the stripper's cock while Gina looked on and smiled.

"Are you going to swallow his semen this time, mom?" Gina asked.

"Yes," Grace replied between taking deep breaths. "I'm going to swallow every drop of his hot spunk."

"But I wanted to see him shoot," the girl complained.

"Don't worry, baby. You'll get to see lots of sperm flying around here tonight. I promise."

Suddenly the man was gripped by a powerful orgasm.

"I'm going to cum mistress!" he cried.

Gina suddenly became highly energized. Grabbing her mother's head in her hands, she pulled back and forth on her hair as fast as she could, her mother's lips and teeth raking over the taught and sensitive flesh now about to erupt. With her daughter watching intently, the stripper let go with a howl, sending a torrent of hot white seed into Grace's open mouth. She had to gulp fast to accommodate the onrush of sperm, her throat contracting with each plentiful swallow. Not one drop of his copious load escaped her lips.

"You are such a sperm hog!" Toni exclaimed, watching Grace lick her lips as though she had just swallowed a mouthful of fine wine. "You should have made him perform a few tricks for that blowjob."

"Leave my mother alone," Gina said to the annoying woman. "She can drink as much sperm as she wants to."

"That's enough, Gina," Grace said. "Don't talk back to your elders."

Grace emphasized the word "elders" purposely to annoy the woman, although Toni was only a year or two older than she was.

"Fine example you're setting for your kid!" Toni said hastily as she walked away into the crowd.

It seemed to Herbert that there was something going on in every part of the house. Everywhere he went he found one or two of the men the focus of attention by some small group of women, with equally small clusters of younger girls looking on, or in some cases, participating in the action.

"Herbert!" Fiona called to him. "Some of the girls are going for a pony ride! Come watch!"

There, in the center of his living room, was one of the black strippers on his hands and knees, and on his back were the two twin girls he had served earlier straddling his back. Around his neck was a dog leash held by the twin seated closest to his head.

"Giddy up, horsey!" the girls cried joyously, as the man dutifully obeyed their command, moving about the room in circles as the other women around them slapped his bare bottom. The older women laughed and joined the girls in encouraging him to neigh and rear up like a real horse would do.

"This is the way it should be my dears!" one of the women said to the twins. "Always remember that you are the mistress and the male is your servant. Ride him ladies! Ride him well!"

The crowd cheered the girls as they made the man run the gauntlet up and down the living room several times. When this little novelty wore off, a cute, twenty-year-old, brown-haired girl was ordered by her mother to remove the dog leash and to replace it with a cock ring, to which was attached a thin leather strap with which to lead him around.

Herbert watched the girl take the cock ring from her mother and, while holding the man's cock in one of her delicate hands, place the ring around his semi-erect shaft with the other. The girl did not giggle or seem perturbed in any way, which made him wonder how accustomed these girls had become to performing such rituals. Within a minute or so, the ring had been successfully applied and the girl won a round of applause from the crowd. Her mother, whose name was Annie, a robust looking woman of thirty-five with short, clipped black hair, beamed with pride.

"Go take him outside by the pool, Missy, and show him off to everybody," she said to her daughter. "Go ahead."

Missy obeyed her mother promptly, a look of exultation on her face as she tugged on the leash, forcing the man to follow.

"You're never going to see something like that on the six o'clock news!" Fiona said laughingly to Herbert.

"I can't believe what just happened," he replied dumbstruck. "These girls are so blasé about the whole thing."

"Not blasé, just used to it, that's all. Most of them have done...well, you're going to see for yourself so I don't want to spoil the surprise."

He wanted to ask his stepsister just exactly what it was that these girls had done, but Fiona was called away by Lillian at that very same moment.

It wasn't long before Missy came back into the living room with her charge still following behind. Herbert noticed that the man's cock was now fully erect and that the girl was tugging on the leash ever more forcefully, enjoying the sight of his nude body jerk every time she did so.

"Look what we have here!" Constance said as the girl and her human/horse plaything entered the room.

"He's enjoying this way too much!" Iris noted. "Look at him. He's dripping pre-cum!"

"What are you doing to this poor creature?" Annie said to her daughter, who was now pulling on the leash every few seconds. "You're going to make him cum if you keep doing that."

"I want to make him cum, mom!" Missy said as she continued to jerk the leash.

"You want to make him cum?" Why do you want to do that?"

"To humiliate him of course!"

This was the correct answer, the ritual having been rehearsed time and time again in over a dozen encounters between the young girl and any willing adult male submissive.

By now the crowd had grown to include almost all of the young girls, eager to witness what they knew was going to be an explosive outcome. Herbert stood on the periphery of the crowd, his brothers standing in near proximity, while Constance and Amy stood together only a few feet from Missy. The huge black man stood bravely at center stage, his magnificent muscular body dripping with sweat, his hands locked together behind his back.

"Who is your superior?" Annie asked the man.

"You are, mistress," the man replied.

"And my daughter?"

"She is my mistress too."

"Then tell her so."

He looked directly at Missy and between clenched teeth told her what he was told to say. The girl acknowledged his remark and pulled on the leash even harder.

"You're going to make him shoot, Missy," a chubby, red-haired girl said aloud.

And then all hell broke loose. As Missy continued to forcefully tug on the leash, the man's prick began to swell to even greater proportions. The women loved watching his huge prick swing back and forth under the violent tugs of the young girl and expressed their excitement by cheering Missy on. Herbert looked on in utter fascination as the girl expertly brought the man to orgasm.

"Keep going, Missy!" Annie screamed. "You got him now! He's cumming baby! He's cumming!"

Within seconds the giant prick sent an arc of sticky white cream flying high into the air above Missy's head. The girl shouted with glee when she saw the rope of sperm shoot out into the crowd and feverishly tugged away on the leash with all her might.

"There goes another one!" Sunday noted, as she followed another creamy blast that followed the one before it in a similar trajectory.

The man's body tensed up for what seemed to be a full minute while his orgasm was going on, wincing every time his prick was pulled on by the taught leash, but clearly enjoying the sensation of being masturbated by such a pretty young girl. Missy looked at her mother every now and then for signs of approval, and getting them, she continued her assault on the man's immense black tool, now spitting out shot after shot of stringy semen.

Missy laughed heartily when one of the creamy ropes splashed onto her little fairy dress, but she never stopped pulling on the leash until the man was milked of his last drop of sperm. By then the floor was covered in his cum, and the audience was roaring their approval.

"Well done, Missy! Well done!" Constance said, congratulating the girl with a big hug. "You were amazing!"

"Now what do we tell the man, Missy?" her mother asked.

"Lick it all up!" the girl ordered the exhausted stripper. "Every drop!"

Without hesitation the man got down on his hands and knees and did exactly as he was told. The crowd responded with gales of laughter as he sucked up every drop of his own sperm, exposing his buttocks to the constant barrage of slaps joyously given to him by those surrounding him.

Watching the man eat his own sperm made Herbert feel sick. He headed out toward the patio, his brothers fast on his heels.

"Oh, man!" William said, looking disgusted. "I ain't gonna do that!"

"Me, either!" Frederick replied.

"No fucking way!" Herbert agreed. "I don't mind being jerked off but I am not going to be forced to eat my own juice!"

"No one is forcing you to do anything," Cecilia said, coming up from behind the trio. "He did it because he likes to eat his own cum."

"Where the hell were you?" Herbert asked her.

"I was on the balcony. I saw it all."

"Never one to miss a trick, are you?" William said to her.

"Or a dick," she laughed. "Your mother wants to see you three, now."

"What's going on?" Herbert asked.

"It has something to do with salad bowls. That's all I know."

Cecilia laughed again and walked back into the house. Herbert noticed that she was not her usual caustic self and had, in fact, not been acting in that manner toward him for several weeks. She seemed to have completely forgotten how to employ her two nasty defensive weapons of sarcasm and ridicule against him. It pleased him to no end that she was now treating him in a friendlier and more considerate fashion, but he could not account for the change.

As soon as he and his brothers entered the living room, Constance took them aside.

"We're going to have you boys do the multiple cumshot trick for the Sisters. I'm sure they're going to love it."

"Not the salad bowl thing!" Herbert complained. "You know that will drain us for the rest of the night."

"Not you, Herbert, just William and Frederick and a few other guys. I'm saving you for the finale."

Before any of the boys could get a word in, Teri came waltzing over with Emerson, the two of them looking very excited.

"So," Teri said to Constance, "have we got our teams together?"

"I believe so, Teri. Would you mind getting everyone out onto the patio?"

"No problem. Good luck boys!"

William and Frederick nodded but they weren't smiling.

"Do we have to do this?" Frederick asked Constance.

"Yeah," William protested. "Why?"

"Because I want to show you two off to everyone. The women love big cummers. I love big cummers. Now go and entertain us boys! Go!"

Before they had a chance to protest further, she shooed them out onto the patio where six stools had been positioned side by side. The other men were already sitting down and talking amongst themselves.

There were six distinct teams. The object of the game was to force the men to keep ejaculating as much as possible into a bowl. The ejaculate would be weighed at the end to see which man had produced the most sperm. The winner would be allowed to take a week's vacation from the obligations of tending to his mistress.

The teams were divided as follows: Teri and her niece Emerson Rose; Nicole and her cousin Sunday; Drew and her niece Elise; Annie and her daughter Missy; Grace and her daughter Gina; Iris and her friend, a twenty-five-year-old brunette girl called Debbie.

At first Iris had objected to participating, but was quickly talked out of it by her own mother and Constance. Now, as the beautiful teacher saw how positively everyone was reacting toward the lascivious event about to unfold, she became more acquiescent, even supporting her champion, William, with encouraging words.

"You can do it, William," the lovely teacher said to him. "Debbie and I want you to fill up the bowl!"

Debbie sat quietly next to Iris, eyeing William's prick.

"Fill up the bowl!" Debbie repeated, as if it were a command.

William laughed and stared down at his flaccid penis. He looked at the other men and Frederick—all of whom were in the same state. He wondered if he were going to have to stroke himself to an erection or if Constance had something else in mind. Knowing his stepmother, it was probably something else—and something kinky.

Most of the women were now sitting or standing around the contestants, talking excitedly amongst themselves or with the performers. Some had bet money on their favorites; some had threatened the men with a hard caning if they didn't produce. Herbert saw that Amy and Cecilia had found a spot for themselves front and center, in the midst of a swarm of eager, lusting faces. He could see the look of anticipation on Cecilia's face as she surveyed the magnificent nude hunks on display before her. Both she and Amy were openly taunting the men with the most lewd verbiage imaginable, encouraging them to masturbate for the crowd. Excitement filled the air.

At that moment Constance approached the performers and spoke briefly to them. William and Frederick reacted with some concern when she addressed them, but Herbert could not hear what was being said. He saw both his brothers shake their heads as if not comprehending what they were hearing, but it soon became apparent that they would have no choice but to comply with her wishes.

"Okay, ladies," Constance said, addressing the crowd. "Let's get the girls up here to do the honors."

One by one, Emerson Rose, Sunday, Elise, Missy, Gina, and Debbie walked over to their respective champion and waited for further instruction from Constance.

"Are we ready?" she said to the bright, shining faces. "Ready to make these cocks nice and hard?"

The girls giggled loudly and answered in the affirmative.

"You understand why we do this?" she continued. "We teach you to control men. We do this by making them compliant. We make them compliant by keeping them thoroughly milked. Right girls?"

Again the girls giggled and agreed.

"Okay. What are we going to do now?"

"Give them a handjob!" Gina shouted.

"Everyone?"

"Give them a handjob!" all the girls screamed in unison.

The mother thought this pep talk was hilarious, if nonetheless perfectly correct.

"You do exactly as I taught you!" Drew said to her niece. "If your hand gets tired use the other one, but don't stop!"

"That goes for you too, Emerson!" Teri said to her niece.

Not to be left out, Nicole immediately stopped conversing with another woman to get her two cents in.

"Sunday!" she said in a commanding voice. "You keep your thumb on his frenulum and keep it there!"

"I will," the girl replied, bending the thumb of her right hand back and forth rapidly. "Like this?"

"Yes! Just like that!" Nicole replied, approvingly.

"No more coaching!" Constance said to Nicole and the other celebrities.

"We do what we can to win, Constance," Nicole replied, looking a little perturbed.

"No more coaching!" she repeated again, this time even louder.

Nicole sat back in her chair with a pout on her face and resumed her conversation with the woman seated next to her.

"Fiona!" Constance said to her daughter, who was standing by the patio door awaiting her orders. "Let's bring out the salad bowls."

Under Fiona's supervision, six young girls between the ages of eighteen and twenty, came walking out in a procession from the inside of the house, each carrying a large, clear, plastic salad bowl in her hands. Each girl was dressed in a different type of Halloween costume: one was outfitted as a kitten, another as a princess, and so on. They had been instructed to stand before each of the six men and to collect every drop of sperm as it was fired into the bowl. That they seemed quite eager to do this fascinated Herbert.

It soon dawned upon him that this ritual, which to him and to the outside world would appear utterly perverse and depraved, was, in the eyes of the Sisters, an act of initiation. The girls were being taught not to fear the penis, or to be overly curious about it. By getting the girls to become acquainted with its function, they would learn how to control it and manipulate it for their own pleasure. It was a way of empowering them so as to make them incapable of ever being dominated by anyone simply because that person had a prick.

"Multiple ejaculations my dears!" Constance said to the girls. "That's what we want to provoke these men to do. Fill up your bowls with as much cum as you can and you will get a splendid reward!"

The girls laughed and cheered at the mention of a reward.

"Okay, girls. Are you ready? Start milking!"

No sooner had the words left her lips than each of the girls began fondling the men's genitals. Some were rough and unsure of themselves, others seemed to be seasoned professionals. Emerson Rose stroked her man's dick with such a practiced hand that one might have thought it was her mother, and not her, who was doing the masturbating. Elise, on the other hand, seemed confused for a few moments until Drew stepped in and actually masturbated the man herself to get her niece to understand what was expected of her. The girl didn't waste a moment in making up for lost time, using both hands to bring the man to full erection in under a minute.

William, under the control of the lovely Gina, was now at full mast, his balls filling with sperm with each stroke of her busy little hand. Herbert could hardly believe what he was seeing. On one hand, his deceased mother's puritanical influence told him that this was a shameful and disgusting thing to do to. On the other hand, conventional morality, and all its constituent overtones, did not apply here. This was the Sisterhood, an organization that did not abide by the mores of a society that favored war over peace, and killing over life, where all human beings lives were considered negotiable as long as the individual was kept disenfranchised and enslaved. Constance had often reminded him of this fact. But illusions, those half-truths and untruths he had been brought up to believe in, were difficult to surmount, being as they were, models of male instruction that had been inculcated in the minds of young men and women for centuries. But seeing the girls laugh happily and unashamedly as they stroked the men's huge penises to ever greater heights, made him feel as though perhaps the Sisterhood was correct after all. Maybe their world order would finally tame the rampant instincts of the male animal and bring peace, at last, to the world. And maybe all it would take was a young girl's hand and a salad bowl to help bring about this desired goal.

Suddenly, a huge roar came from the crowd, and it was William who was the focus of their attention.

Herbert could tell his brother had been having trouble holding back his orgasm. Even since he saw Gina's hands caress his prick the older brother had to fight off the urge to ejaculate. But now her incessant stroking had proved to be too much.

Screaming like a wild man, his cock strained upward under her firm, guiding hand and let go with a rich and creamy rope of sperm that splashed effortlessly into the salad bowl. The little princess holding the giant dish shouted with joy as she watched the semen drip off the sides, forming one tiny lake of white sauce in the middle. He noticed that Cecilia wasted no time in getting out of her chair to get closer to the action, moving near enough to witness several giant arcs of cum shoot into the waiting container, and laughing along with the other girls as each upward pull by Gina on William's huge organ produced one immense blast after another.

"Keep jerking him off baby!" Grace shouted to her daughter over the raucous din. "Get all his sperm in the bowl!"

The pretty girl's face was contorted with laughter and she coaxed out load after creamy load of hot spunk from William's throbbing tool. And just when it seemed to be over, he cried out again as her hands brought him to another series of massive explosions, the sperm erupting with such ferocity that the adorable princess holding the bowl could only stare down in wonder and amusement at the abundance of cum she was collecting.

"Look, mom!" Gina cried, proud of her achievement. "Look what I made him do!"

Grace cheered her daughter on as William fell completely under the girl's spell, firing off a dozen or more stringy salvos before finally collapsing on the floor in a heap. A thunderous round of applause greeted the girl's successful endeavor.

"You were spectacular!" Constance said to Gina, her hands now covered in spunk. "Go clean yourself off and then come back. You don't want to miss anything."

"Okay," Gina replied, and disappeared into the house.

One of the three black men was starting to moan loudly. He had an average-sized penis, about six inches long, but he was known to produce some of the most astounding cumshots of anyone Constance had ever met, and was chosen by her specifically for this ability. His name was Rapper Joe, and he was a well-known stripper who had worked in the Atlantic City area for many years and had also appeared in many CFNM-related adult videos. His modest prick was now under the diligent guidance of the diminutive Debbie, who was the daughter of Constance's friend Jasmine, a very pretty Eurasian woman of forty-five.

It was amazing to Herbert to see how methodical the girl was at handling—which was for her—a sizeable amount of male flesh. Up and down her little hand went, stopping now and then to comment on how hot his prick had become, and how much "sticky stuff," as she put it, was emanating from its tip.

"Keep going, Debbie!" Iris said excitedly. "Make him cum!"

"Yes, darling!" Jasmine agreed. "Make him bust his load!"

Rapper Joe watched the masturbation of his penis by the young girl with total deference to her will. Herbert could tell that he was fighting the urge to cum, wanting to savor the intense pleasure he was receiving from the lovely girl. Debbie looked up at him from time to time to gauge his reaction, eager to prove herself just as good as Gina had been in getting her man to relinquish his heavy load.

And then it happened. Without any warning at all, Rapper Joe gave up his seed.

The girl who had been holding the salad bowl in front of him—a nineteen-year-old vixen with huge blue eyes and a wickedly sexy mouth—reared back as she saw the first milky volley of sperm shoot out towards her. She managed to raise the bowl up just in time to capture the unexpected cumshot, watching the sticky mass ricochet off the sides of the container but not losing a drop.

Debbie squealed with joy when she saw her assistant react to the massive eruption, and pulled on Rapper Joe's penis with all her might, hoping to provoke him to even bigger cumshots. This she managed to achieve.

Over and over the sperm jettisoned into the bowl, and the entire audience completely lost control and fell about laughing and cheering the wicked girl on. Debbie's face lit up every time she teased out another long and stringy ejaculation with her constantly moving hand. And the sprite followed suit, amazed that a penis could contain so much semen.

"Look! Look!" the vixen cried as the cumshots kept coming one after the other. "Look at all the semen!"

Herbert watched in fascination as the bowl continued to fill up. There was much more sperm in Rapper Joe's bowl than in the bowl of the man who had preceded him. The two girls looked at each other in wonder as the creamy effluence splashed about the bowl, completely covering its sides. After a full minute, the multiple ejaculations came to an abrupt stop. Debbie was given a big kiss by her mother, and Iris helped her to clean the sperm off her hands.

"That was amazing, Debbie!" Iris said, giving her a hug. "What a talented masturbatrix you are!"

Jasmine laughed. "She takes after me, Iris. We Bright girls love to jerk those tools!"

All had agreed that it had been an exemplary performance.

As each man completed his orgasm, the salad bowls were weighed on a scale sitting on a nearby table. So far, Rapper Joe was the winner.

The next two men to orgasm only provided a lackluster performance, much to the dismay of both Sunday and Emerson Rose. Both girls had done their best, but the men just could not produce. With deference to Sunday, the girl was too inexperienced at giving handjobs, yet she did manage to bring her man to orgasm. Constance made it known to everyone that she was far less upset with the girls than the men, and she congratulated both girls heartily, telling them that there would be other men to masturbate and not to worry. The two girls seemed nonplussed by their apparent failure and accepted her gracious gesture with equanimity. But Nicole and Teri seemed less pleased.

"What happened to you today?" Teri said to Emerson, her voice almost accusatory.

"Nothing," the girl replied. "He didn't cum very much that's all."

"I can't understand that. He's supposed to be a big cummer too."

"I'm sorry," she said defending herself. "Sometimes these things happen. You know that."

"You can't blame her," Nicole said to Teri. "She did her best. Give her some credit."

"I do give her credit, Nicole. I do. I just don't understand why the guy didn't produce."

"Because he didn't!" Emerson snapped. "Okay? Now leave me alone!"

The angry girl shoved her way past Teri and headed toward Herbert, bumping into him as she tried to find her way through the crowd.

"I'm sorry," she said to the boy.

"It's okay, Emerson. I'm sorry your man was a dud."

"Big time," she said, eyes downcast. "I wish my aunt would understand that. It wasn't my fault."

"I'm sure she doesn't blame you. She's just disappointed."

"Well how do you think I feel, Herbert?"

For a moment the two of them looked away in silence.

"Can I get you something to drink?" he asked.

"Okay," she replied, making an attempt to smile.

Herbert went to fetch the pretty girl a soft drink. When he returned, he found her engaged in conversation with Cecilia and Amy, and whatever distress she might have felt over her Teri's insensitivity had since worn off. Emerson was laughing now, at one of Cecilia's jokes, and as he handed the girl her drink she gave him a kiss on the cheek.

"Thank you, Herbert," she said. "You're so sweet."

"Sweet?" Amy frowned. "You think he's sweet?"

"Yes, I do," Emerson replied.

"I think he's sweet, too," Cecilia added.

"Uh-oh," Herbert said, looking a bit concerned. "I think I'm in trouble now."

"No, no," Cecilia hastened to reply. "I mean it. You are a sweet guy."

Herbert smiled nervously. "Well, in that case, it doesn't matter what you think, Amy. Majority rules."

Amy offered him a smirk but said nothing. But more importantly, he sensed that Cecilia was definitely warming up to him, and her change in attitude had not been a misconception on his part. She smiled at him warmly and stood close beside him, gently nudging Emerson aside.

"What do think so far, Herbert?" she asked him.

"Shock, surprise...but I think I'm finally beginning to get the picture."

"That the Sisterhood might be right? Like maybe we have a right to be and act sexual without our hypocritical society condemning us for being perverse?"

"Yeah," he replied. "Something like that."

She smiled and rested her head on his shoulders.

For a few minutes he and the girls remained quiet as his brother Frederick and another black man were each nearing their respective orgasms.

The black man's name was Mr. Millions, a six-foot-tall hunk who, because of his fine features, was presumed to be half white. He was a professional dancer who had made a name for himself on the Vegas strip, usually performing naked for all-female audiences and engaging in sex on the stage with some of the clientele. He was a genial fellow and was constantly smiling and laughing. He wasn't laughing now however, as Elise's small hands were forcing his swollen balls to release their stored up cream.

Elise Barrymore was the daughter of Drew's older brother James and his wife Sienna. She had very much of the indomitable Barrymore spirit in her, treating the masturbation of the black man as if it were something of paramount importance. She stroked his nine-inch prick with methodical precision, keeping her eyes firmly focused on his shaft and her grip firm for fear that if she relaxed her hold on him, his magnificent penis might disappear.

Standing in front of Mr. Millions, and holding the salad bowl high up next to the tip of his prick, was Jillian Arento, a beautiful, brown-eyed girl of eighteen who was the daughter of Maggie Arento, one of Constance's closest friends. The girl had just celebrated her twenty-first birthday and was eager to prove herself to her mother and friends.

"You got those towels ready, mom?" Jillian asked, turning her head away to see if her mother had the necessary items at hand.

"Yes, baby," Maggie replied. "Keep the bowl as close to his penis as possible. You don't want to miss catching any of his sperm or getting splashed."

Jillian obeyed her mother and lifted the bowl up so that the lip of the container was placed just under the lower portion of his glans. She couldn't have moved the bowl a second too fast.

"Oh God!" Mr. Millions cried out. "I'm coming!"

"Stroke it hard, Elise!" Drew shouted to her niece. "Do it fast and hard! Go! Go!"

The two girls were startled to see the handsome black man throw back his head and howl as he delivered a succession of creamy spurts into the salad bowl. Jillian laughed loudly as she watched load after load of sticky cum splash around in the bowl, making sure to keep the container positioned so that not one drop of sperm escaped.

Elise seemed to be enjoying her victory of Mr. Millions by taking it upon herself to talk dirty to him as he was cumming. The astonished man could not believe what he was hearing, even though her lewd speech added a unique dimension to her masturbation of him, provoking some of the most intense cumshots he had ever experienced.

"See," she said to him. "Watch this!"

Jillian forcefully pulled up hard on his rock-hard shaft, sending a long rope of sperm careening into the bowl.

"Yes!" she laughed. "I'm going to force all the semen out of your balls," she said happily. "Every last drop!"

Mr. Millions had absolutely no chance at all of holding on to the juice boiling within his aching balls. Totally under the girl's control, he relinquished giant spurts of cream into the bowl, astounded that he could feel such absolute passion and unbridled lust at watching her extract his sperm. When he reached his twentieth ejaculation, the entire audience went wild. They cheered Elise with a raging chorus of shouts and applause until Mr. Million's big prick had finally been drained of every ounce of sperm.

"That was fucking great!" Maggie roared, as Jillian raised her cum-soaked hands in victory.

It had been a superb achievement. But now Frederick was nearing his own orgasm.

Excited by what he had just seen, and enervated to the point of mindless abstraction, he watched Missy deliver the final strokes to his agitated organ. Missy herself was having a lot of fun playing with Frederick's huge dick. She was experienced at giving handjobs, having been taught by her mother how to prolong a man's orgasm in order to provoke the most voluminous cumshots. Annie had begun her instruction by teaching the girl how to control her own father's penis by practicing the tease and denial method of masturbation, which always produced ejaculations of spectacular proportions. These same methods were now proving to be extremely efficacious on Frederick, who could no longer hold back the molten white sperm within his overheated balls.

"Keep it going, Missy!" Annie said to girl. "What do we want to see?"

"Spunk!" she shouted.

"That's right! And how much is Mr. Big Dick going to shoot?"

"Gallons!" the excited girl answered back.

Frederick was breathing so hard that he could barely concentrate. He watched the tiny fingers pull on his taught organ with absolute mastery, concentrating their attention on the little sliver of flesh under the glans. Noticing the fine layer of red gloss that had been applied to her fingernails, he smiled. But for the fact that several of the girl's nails had been adorned with the images of storybook characters, the fingers may have very well belonged to those of an older woman. Missy and her cute accomplice were going to make him cum.

Sensing he was about to ejaculate, Missy jerked his big prick even faster, licking her lips in anticipation of a splendid climax. The blonde girl holding the salad bowl in front of him was called Haley, a cute eighteen-year-old with a smile that could melt ice. She was dressed as Super Girl in a pink satin costume with a big pink 'S' on her chest. Her mother, Brenda, stood next to her, offering encouragement as Missy energetically forced Frederick to climax.

"Oh wow!" Haley exclaimed as the first huge blast of cum shot out directly into the bowl.

And then a series of ejaculations followed that made everyone, including the astonished Missy, react with utter joy.

"Herbert!" Amy cried. "Are you watching this?"

"Yes!" he replied. "But I can't believe it."

Within the space of thirty seconds Frederick has released so much sperm that almost half of the bowl was filled with his copious emissions. The young girls in the audience were delighted and expressed their enthusiasm by forming a cheering section of their own, shouting Missy's name in unison as she coaxed out one sticky load of spunk after the other.

"Look mom!" the girl laughed excitedly. "Look what I'm making Freddie do!"

Annie was laughing just as hard as her daughter, reacting with disbelief at the huge amounts of sperm that were being expelled into the bowl.

"Don't stop, Missy!" she yelled. "He's got more spunk in there. Keep going!"

Frederick was in a state of complete shock. He had always been capable of multiple orgasms, but never anything on so vast a scale. Even Herbert was at a loss to explain the phenomenon, thinking that maybe his brother might have got his hands on some fertility pills.

"Christ, he's fucking loaded!" Cecilia laughed as she watched a series of ejaculations splash into the bowl.

"I thought you were the only one who could cum like that," Amy said to her brother.

"I thought so, too," Herbert replied, his eyes fixed on Frederick's pulsing tool.

Missy, sensing that there was still some sperm left in Frederick's cock, relaxed her grip and applied her index finger to his frenulum. It was a trick her mother had taught her and it always worked. Suddenly Frederick's cock reared back and fired off a dozen more rounds of hot sperm, and Missy, happy that her little trick had succeeded, removed her sticky hands from the defeated shaft and laughed heartily.

"I drained him dry!" she said happily as her mother took a towel to her hands.

"You were just wonderful honey!" Annie replied, giving her daughter a big hug.

Haley looked down into the salad bowl and then looked up at her mother.

"It's heavy," the girl said as Maggie took the bowl from her.

"Let's go have it weighed," Maggie replied, as she headed toward the table where the scale was placed.

After all the bowls were weighed, it was found that the Maggie/Missy/Haley team were the winners. Herbert thought it odd that the person most responsible for their win, Frederick, was not mentioned at all. His brother, like himself, was, after all, merely a tool for the women's amusement.

"I didn't know you had it in you," Herbert said to his brother as they sat together at the patio table.

"I didn't either," Frederick replied, gulping down his third cola. "That girl took everything, and I mean everything, out of me."

"You do look tired bro."

"Trust me when I tell you this. These girls are not like the regular kind of girls we grew up with. They come from a totally different universe—totally different. It's their minds...their minds are different. They think and act like...like sexual predators, but in a really cool way. It's totally fucking weird."

"You like being controlled by them, don't you?"

"Oh, yeah. I mean, what's not to like?"

Herbert watched his brother finish off his soda and then open another bottle.

"I never thought that girls our age could be so fucking aggressive. But they are. Maybe the Sisterhood has it right after all."

"Look bro," Frederick replied. "We are fucking sexual beings from the day we are born. It's our religions and our traditions that fuck us up. It's just like Constance said. The powers that control this world want to control everything—our orgasms, how we orgasm, whom we orgasm with, what age of the person is with whom we orgasm, ad nauseum. But they got it all wrong with this sexual repression business. The Sisterhood is where it's at. And how can you go wrong? I mean, their mothers are right there for Christ's sake! So when it comes your time later on today to get your big meat stick jacked off by one of those dominant young lovelies, enjoy it bro and reward them with the biggest cumshot of your life."

For the next hour Herbert strolled throughout the house and introduced himself to as many Sisters and their daughters as he could. For the most part he found these women to be highly intelligent, friendly, and warm. They did not treat him either with indifference or disdain, despite some of them not knowing that he was Constance's stepson. A few of them wore the accoutrements of a professional dominatrix, and he was about to compliment one of them on her costume when Lillian, who was standing next to him, reminded him that the woman's outfit was the real thing.

The younger girls themselves seemed quite at home amongst their mothers and older counterparts. Like their mothers, they formed little groups where they chatted about school or boys or other mundane matters, the only thing separating them from their superiors being their preference for soda or beer instead of hard liquor. They smiled at him at said hello as he walked by, even inviting him to talk with them, which he did. He noticed that the other men who had been hired to perform, including those who took part in the recent contest, were treated by the girls no less differently than he was. And not once did any girl ever throw a tantrum or act rude or insolent toward each other or any of the men. Herbert found this refreshing indeed.

Just then the blonde ballerina twins whom he had served earlier approached him. They stared up at him and smiled and then one of them reached out and touched the tip of his penis. Herbert did not expect the intrusion but it sent shivers of delight up his backside.

"We're not supposed to do that yet," said the other sister, pulling her hand away.

"But I want to touch it," the offender protested. "Can I touch it?" she asked Herbert.

"I...I guess it's all right," he stammered.

The pretty ballerina took his penis in her hand and stroked it gently, like petting a kitten.

"It feels so soft," she cooed, admiring the feel and texture.

"Ariel always likes to play with guy's cocks," the other sister said.

Herbert discovered that this other sister, whose name was Nancy, was just as curious as her bolder sibling. Seeing that Herbert did not dissuade her twin from playing his cock, she placed her hand on the shaft of his mammoth tool and ran it up and down its length. It was enthralling for him to watch two sets of hands caress his prick as though it were some kind of treasured pet. The girls seemed intoxicated by the monster penis, letting their hands roam all over his prick and scrotum until he groaned aloud with pleasure.

"You girls have to stop," he said, pushing their hands away.

"Why?" Ariel said. "Don't you like it?"

"I like it very much, Ariel. But you're making me hard."

"Isn't that the idea?" said a woman's voice from behind him.

It was the girls' mother, Gwen. The beautiful blonde reached down and gave each of her daughters a kiss on the cheek and then turned to Herbert.

"My twins are a bit pushy at times," she confessed. "Please forgive them."

"It's okay," he replied. "I don't mind."

"No, I didn't think you would."

"Let's make him cum," Nancy suggested, smiling mischievously.

"Let's not give away our little surprise girls. Come on. See you later, Herbert."

She smiled and then took the girls to another part of the room, leaving Herbert by himself.

Herbert knew that he was going to perform for the women that evening, but he had no idea what his stepmother had planned. But the girl's question left him wondering if the twins were going to be involved somehow with his performance. If they were, he would be delighted. And even as he thought this, he felt wicked for admitting it to himself. The old inhibitions were indeed hard to break.

Another hour passed, and the more inebriated the older women became the more frivolous and daring they acted. This apparent increase in frivolity was shared by osmosis with the young girls, who were now acting far less like the restrained creatures they had been only hours before.

In one corner of the room, he saw Amy, Cecilia, and their newfound friend, Emerson, playing 'Jerk the Penis' with one of the strippers. It was a game that Amy had invented and she had practiced it upon him many times. But now there were some new additions to the team: three young girls between the ages of eighteen and twenty-one who were also taking part in the game.

The girls had forced the nude man to lie down on a sofa while each of them took turns to masturbate him. Each girl would have thirty seconds to stroke his cock. The one who could make him cum would be the winner.

"Hey, Herbert!" Cecilia said as she saw him approach. "Check this out."

He watched all the girls stroke the man's prick until it was sticking up hard and straight. One after the other they masturbated him for the allotted time period until each girl's hand was replaced by the hand of the girl who followed her. Emerson was enjoying her new role as masturbator and tried hard to make him cum. But it was not her or Amy, or even Cecilia, who succeed in forcing the man to orgasm—it was one of the other girls, a nineteen-year-old, red-haired cutie called Lisa.

Using both hands, she pulled on the monstrous organ with such a determined effort that the man exploded with a huge cumshot that flew about fifteen feet up into the air. Lisa quickly drew back, startled at seeing the long rope of sperm ascend so rapidly up and over her head. The unmanned penis fired off shot after shot of hot sperm, much of it landing on the girls themselves. This drew a round of applause from a small group of women who were watching. Lisa ran for cover, managing to remain unscathed as the rampant prick continued its assault on the other girls.

"Shit!" Amy cried. "My hair is full of sperm!"

Cecilia laughed at her friend's discomfort. "You look like you needed some conditioner!"

But she didn't get away untouched either. A few more volleys and she was also hit with some errant spunk, as were Emerson and the two other girls. Herbert found the whole thing very amusing.

All over the house men were being used in some form or fashion. Some men acted as portable furniture so that the women could rest their feet upon them. Others gave the girls pony rides or carried them on their backs. Some of the women, who were more inclined to female domination, spanked the men or forced them to suck and lick their feet. For Herbert, seeing the two ballerinas get their toes sucked and cleaned by one of the huge black men was extremely erotic. One man had had his feet and hands tied to the wooden beams crisscrossing the wall on one end of the den and was being whipped gently by three drunk women.

Outside on the patio something else was going on. A bunch of squealing young girls were masturbating Rapper Joe as he sat cross-legged on a lounge chair. Herbert counted seven of them, each with her hand wrapped around his big prick, stroking him furiously while the object of their attention was half buried in his mouth. Their mothers encouraged them with cheers and praise as they forced him to explode his hot semen into his mouth.

"Make him swallow all of it!" one woman cried.

"We're going to!" one of the girls replied, as she grabbed his huge ball sack and squeezed hard.

At that same moment, the man let out a huge groan and erupted into this own mouth. The girls screamed with laughter as they watched rivulets of sperm cascade down from his lips.

"Keep stroking his cock, Alice!" another woman said, excitedly.

At last the man could swallow no more and the girls directed the blasts of cum to his face, coating the entire area from his chin to the top of his head. After it was over the girls reacted as if they had won a great victory.

Herbert witnessed many more acts of sexual perversion committed at the hands of these wanton, but oddly enticing, dominant young females. Even Frederick and William had become the unwitting victims of their inventive sexual pranks; each used as nothing more than a source for their unending amusement. Every now and then a tremendous shout would arise from some part of the house as the men were brought to orgasm by some means or another. It was all he could do to keep his own composure.

And then, just as he was going to fetch himself a drink, a very large figure of a man, completely covered from head to toe in the wrappings of an Egyptian mummy, came striding into the main room of the house from the patio, where he was greeted by shouts and cheers from the women. Following close behind him was a crowd of young girls who had saw him approach from the front yard, all of whom were giggling and laughing uncontrollably.

He was extremely tall, about seven feet or so, and even in his odd costume, he bore the regal bearing of a king. But what had attracted everyone's attention was the huge appendage that protruded from his genital area. It was wrapped up in the same white linen as his costume and was fastened to his body by several Velcro strips. There were small slits in his face where his eyes and mouth should have been and around his neck he wore a necklace from which hung a silver ankh.

Herbert saw the man coming straight toward him and, seeing his stepmother and Iris not far away, shouted to them to get their attention.

"Who the hell is that?" he exclaimed.

As soon as Constance and Iris laid eyes on the man, they broke out laughing.

"Oh, my God!" his stepmother cried. "Look who it is!"

The crowd of girls swarmed around the giant man, both fascinated and delighted at both his height and the size of his encased member.

"Is that real?" Missy asked the mummy, pointing to his appendage.

"Yes, lady," came the deep-voiced reply. "It is real."

This caused all the girls to squeal.

"How big is it?" Gina asked him.

"Erect or flaccid?"

"Erect."

"Two feet long," he replied, as he stopped a few feet in front of Constance and bowed.

"Don't pester our guest, girls," Constance said to the excited crowd. "He will reveal himself to you in a little while. Now go back out onto the patio because that's where all the fun is going to start in just a few minutes. Go ahead. I'll be right there."

Amidst a chorus of moans the girls reluctantly did as they were told, their mothers reinforcing Constance's demands.

"It is so good to see you...er, but I can't see you my dear king!"

The giant man and Constance embraced and kissed each other.

"Now that I have played my little Halloween trick on the ladies, I think it is time I take off this mask."

Grabbing the top part of the costume with both hands, he yanked the headpiece off with one graceful movement, revealing a handsome man of about thirty-three years old.

"It has been so many years dear lady—so many years!" the king said, studying Constance's beautiful face.

"Too long. King Matumba, I would like to present to you my stepson Herbert and my good friend Iris."

"I am delighted to meet both of you," the man said, shaking both their hands very warmly.

"Herbert and Iris, King Matumba is the chief of the Maasai tribe in Kenya. He has been my friend for almost fifteen years. Is that right, King?"

"Yes, lady. Fifteen years this very day!"

"The King has graciously accepted my offer to come and entertain us."

"I think that's wonderful," Iris said to the King. "Would you like something to drink?"

"Yes, lady. A glass of cold water would be fine. Thank you."

"You came alone, as I instructed?" Constance asked him.

"Yes. No retinue this time. As you said, we cannot afford to draw attention."

As Iris left to fetch the water, Constance shook her head at the King and laughed.

"I had forgotten how bad your English used to be! But look at you now! You speak better than a diplomat!"

The King laughed heartily.

"Years of practice, lady. English is not an easy language to learn. But it is the language of the world—at least for today."

"May I ask how you two met?" Herbert said to the King.

"Your stepmother, gracious lady that she is, was part of a group of relief workers from your Red Cross who came to Kenya to help the Maasai people when we were fighting a war against a neighboring tribe. She saved my mother's life, and for that I am eternally thankful."

"It was the best thing I ever did with my life my sweet King," Constance said, taking his large hand in hers.

The King did not reply, but Herbert could see that his eyes had become a little misty.

As Constance and the King talked, Herbert learned that Matumba was a warrior prince, a leader among his people. He had been born into royalty but his father's role as tribal leader had been usurped by a ruthless cousin, who had the ruler executed clandestinely when Matumba was only a young boy. The young prince had been educated by foreign missionaries, and by the time he was twenty-one he had grown to his currently imposing stature, which was matched by his equally imposing intellect and captivating charm. In time, he made powerful friends who helped him to regain his throne, and for the past ten years ruled Kenya with justice and equanimity. Herbert liked the man immensely.

"Here's your water, King," Iris said, returning with a large glass in her hand.

"Thank you dear lady," he replied, taking the glass and draining its contents in one huge gulp. "Forgive me. This costume has made me very warm."

"Do you think you can keep it on for just a few more minutes?" Constance asked him.

"Yes, lady. For you, yes."

"Well then...it's time. Let's go out onto the patio."

"You're not going to tell me what's going on are you?" Herbert asked his stepmother.

"It's a surprise. Just come with me."

He knew that it was useless to argue with her. Once she had made up her mind to do something, she couldn't be talked out of it. He dutifully followed her, Iris, and the King outside on the patio where a crowd had already assembled. The large outdoor lights had been turned on, illuminating the entire area with a lurid glow. Once all the guests were comfortably seated, Constance addressed them.

"Some of you may know my special guest and some of you may not..."

"We know who he is!" Teri exclaimed, waving at the King from her seat in the front row. "Hi, King Matumba! It's so nice to see you again!"

Both Drew and Nicole waved to the smiling King, who returned their greetings by blowing kisses at them.

"But for those of you who don't," Constance resumed, "I would like to present to you King Matumba, Maasai warrior and professional entertainer!"

The King bowed respectfully as the applause washed over him.

"For our finale tonight, I have asked King Matumba, along with my stepson Herbert, to pay their respectful submission to all the wonderful Sisters, and soon to be Sisters, with the full relinquishment of their male seed. Each man will milk himself completely dry for our entertainment. Gentlemen, you may proceed."

Herbert and the King looked at each other as if expecting something more. But Constance simply took her place next to Iris in the front row of seats, smiling gracefully.

"Music, Fiona!" Constance shouted to her daughter who was already prepared for what was to come.

Fiona turned on the CD player and suddenly the air was filled with the raucous sound of a thumping tribal drum beat. The King, telling Herbert to sit down for the moment, took center stage and began to swirl around the patio as if performing some kind of ritualistic dance. He was graceful and captivating in his gyrations, which made all the women shout their appreciation. When several minutes had passed, the King returned to face his audience, rocking his hips back and forth, which made the cloth appendage bounce up and down and side to side.

And then the King began to remove his Velcro fasteners. First, the top portion of his costume came off, followed by the bottom, until all that was left was a black thong and his encased penis, still held fast with the Velcro strips. The girls were cheering him on wildly, while the older women applauded and coaxed him to reveal his cock to them.

"Take it off! Take it off!" the girls chanted.

Not one to disappoint, the King reached down and removed the last of the Velcro fasteners, revealing to his awestruck audience a humongous prick that, even flaccid, hung down to his knees. The women reacted with utter joy and laughter at the sight of the King's two-foot-long prick. Herbert stood with his mouth open when he saw the behemoth, realizing that his own astounding fifteen-inch specimen was no longer the big boy on the block.

"Fuck!" he said to himself. "He really is the king!"

He saw that Amy and Cecilia were laughing hysterically at the King's imposing prick, as, by this time, was everyone else. Now he understood why Constance wanted the big black man to entertain: he was going to provide the Sisters with a spectacular climax to the party, and Herbert was there for exactly the same reason.

"Now, now, ladies," the King began. "Calm down. I am going to show you something."

The King stood proudly in front of the young girls, most of whom had occupied the first few rows, and asked some of them to help him get erect. No sooner had he said this than six or seven girls came running toward him reaching for his monster dick.

"That's it my darlings," he said, groaning loudly at the intrusion of their hands upon his quickly stiffening meat. "Make King Matumba nice and hard!"

Herbert was amazed at how fast the King's tool became fully erect. Within a minute he was sporting a huge erection, and he asked the girls to sit next to him as he took his place on the patio floor.

"I am going to suck my own penis," he told the girls. "What I want you to do is to stroke it while I suck it."

The girls giggled loudly and readily agreed to help the King.

"Are you going to orgasm into your own mouth?" Elise asked the giant man.

"Do you want me to?" he asked her in turn.

"No. I want to see your semen shoot up into the air!"

"Ah!" the King exclaimed. "But do you speak for all the fine young ladies?"

"She speaks for all of us!" Constance replied. "Let's see those famous fireworks of yours baby!"

The King laughed as a multitude of hands grappled with his huge cock, forcing the head and then part of the shaft into his mouth. Several other girls in the audience ran forward to sit next to their friends, cheering them on and urging the King to swallow as much of his prick as possible.

Over and over the King's head bobbed up and down as his prick was force-fed to him by the excited girls' rapidly stroking hands.

"Aren't they just wonderful?" Nicole exclaimed, as she watched Sunday give the King's balls a powerful squeeze. "Milk him dry, honey. Get all the King's cream!"

Sunday laughed when she saw the King moan with pleasure, and repeated the same action over and over again, until the enormous orange-sized testicles began to fill with sperm, moving higher to cling to the base of his towering shaft.

After a full five minutes had passed, the King once again stood up, this time his cock jutting out in front of him in all its massive glory.

"Beat if off for us, King," Cecilia said. "Surrender your sperm to the Sisters!"

This comment was greeted with a huge roar of approbation.

"No!" Gina replied. "We want to jerk him off!"

Herbert chuckled. This was the first time that Cecilia had ever lost an argument, and it made him feel surprisingly happy.

"I will do whatever the young ladies want," the King said to the audience.

"Jerk him off! Jerk him off!" cried the girls in the audience.

With that directive gravely imposed, the King graciously offered his prick to the hands of the girls. Seven pairs of hands flew up and down his pole with amazing alacrity, each girl finding a spot, however uncomfortable, for herself amongst her friends. Within minutes the King's prick was dripping copious amounts of pre-cum, which made the girls excited because they knew that he was going to ejaculate very soon.

"I give of my vital juices to you, beloved Sisters, with all due humility and respect!"

It was the last thing the King managed to say, because he was now in the throes of orgasm.

Crying out some indistinguishable epithet in the Maasai tongue, the King hurled his head backward and thrust his genitals out at the audience. The girls shrieked with joy, knowing that they had conquered the big man's huge penis.

Just as he was staring to orgasm, Elise took her thumb and tickled the sliver of sensitive flesh under the glans, which action actually served to trigger the King's eruption. As the girl watched in fascination, a giant rope of sticky white seed flew out toward the audience at great speed, actually managing to soar high over the heads of the girls in the first three rows, landing in someone's lap over twenty feet away. The audience went berserk.

Enervated by their success and at the urging of the crowd, the girls pulled on the huge organ even more ferociously, sending rope after rope of the King's milky hot sperm high up into the air. And each time a new volley was launched, the girls laughed anew, as did their friends in the audience, following each creamy trajectory with absolute delight.

The mothers were no less astounded by the voluminous jets of cum being fired their way. Herbert noticed that all of his sisters, Constance, Iris, and even Cecilia, who normally was not easily impressed, were standing to the side and out of range of the King's spurting tool, but cheering him on nonetheless. He had to laugh when he saw Cecilia duck several times to avoid getting doused with the giant's milky offering. But the important thing was, the crowd was enjoying it immensely.

As the King's orgasm subsided, his youthful worshippers released their collective grip upon him and went to clean their hands of his sperm. The giant man was greeted with a thunderous applause. As he went to mingle with the crowd he was shown great affection by the grateful women, and he returned their courtesy by treating them in the same exact fashion.

Constance now indicated with a motion of her hand that it was now Herbert's turn to perform. He gingerly walked onto the patio where the King had just stood and began to stroke his cock. All the while the driving beat of the tribal drums continued to play in the background.

Looking at all the young faces eagerly awaiting his orgasm made him feel special. All those years he had spent thinking he was a freak, simply because of an incidence of nature, no longer troubled him. He looked around him and found a sea of smiling, encouraging faces, all of them accepting him simply for who he was, and it made him smile with satisfaction. He could no longer claim to be the guy with the biggest tool in the box; that distinction had now gone to King Matumba, who, with his twenty-four-inch penis, was unchallenged champion in the meat department. But it didn't matter. He was still going to deliver a monstrous cumshot—something the women would remember as being no less impressive that the one delivered by the seven-foot-tall warrior.

As the cheers from the audience filled his head, Herbert increased the tempo of his stroking and soon felt the semen begin its inexorable journey up the tube of his shaft toward its inevitable fate. To his right sat Constance, and next to her, grinning broadly, Iris and her mother. William and Frederick sat behind them shouting like maniacs, and behind them his stepsisters and Cecilia, all of whom were laughing and jerking their fists high in the air. Teri, Drew, and Nicole sat together on his left, Elise, Emerson Rose, and Sunday sitting in between them. And filling up the rear seats were the older women, the veteran Sisters who wanted their daughters to see his humiliation, his subservience to their combined will, by allowing them to sit as close to him as possible. These young girls, the next wave of the burgeoning Sisterhood Order, now stood up and cheered Herbert on. All of them had relinquished their seats and were standing so close to him that he could reach out and touch them. Seeing their beautiful faces, so young yet so impossibly adult in demeanor, made his prick dance with utter joy. The girls knew he was about to orgasm. They always did. It was something that all females could anticipate, and it made him want to comply. His sperm was theirs to command.

Feeling no shame, no embarrassment, no vague or negative emotion of any kind, he threw his hips outward in one, quick, violent motion as his prick released a torrent of creamy white spunk straight up into the air above his head. The pleasure was so intense that he nearly fell backwards, but he caught himself just in time. The crowd erupted with joy.

He studied the faces of the cheering girls standing only a few feet in front of him. They were talking dirty to him now, just as their mothers had taught them to do in order to heighten the male climax. They laughed, joked, teased, and stuck their tongues out at him—all with the distinct purpose of increasing the pleasure of his orgasm. And it worked.

Round after round of sperm flew out of his cock and up into the air, the creamy loads landing seconds later all around him and in the hair of the screaming girls. They did not run away or cry out in disgust. They simply enjoyed the feel of his cum as if they were standing in the midst of a summer rain. How different would it have been if these were the typical girls he had grown up with, he wondered. They certainly would never have come this far. But these girls were a different breed. They were brave and lusty. They were sexually aggressive. And seeing them play with his sperm once it had landed on their bodies drove him to even greater heights of sexual bliss. By the time his orgasm had ended, he had paid a distinct tribute to the Sisterhood by virtue of shooting the biggest load of cum in his life. And the women adored him for it.

For the next hour he and King Matumba surrendered whatever sperm of theirs was left to their cum-craving audience. Four times he and the King launched multiple shots of their vital juices into the air for the enjoyment of their female superiors. Their performance had been an unqualified success.

At the end of the night when everyone but only family and a few friends remained, Cecilia caught Herbert sitting alone on the patio lost in thought. It was almost 2:00 a.m. and he was just beginning to come to terms with the events of the day.

"You and the King were really great tonight," she said to him, as she took a seat beside him.

"Do you really mean that?"

"Of course I do. It's true. You guys were awesome."

Herbert moaned softly. "Thanks. But I'm fucking exhausted. Those girls..."

"...are beautiful."

"Yes, they are. But they are also very demanding."

"What girl isn't?"

He laughed gently. "Amen Sister."

They sat quietly for a few moments until she unexpectedly threw her arms around him.

"Do you want to make love to me, Herbert?"

He drew back instinctively, the suddenness of her movement surprising him.

"Are you serious?"

"Yes."

"More than anything in this world," he replied, stroking her hair. "But I thought you wanted to remain a virgin."

"Not anymore."

Astonishing as it was to him, she inclined her beautiful face towards his and kissed him passionately on the lips.

"I want everything you have," she said in a soft but firm voice.

He smiled. "I just gave everything I had."

"We'll see," she replied, feeling his cock grow hard under her touch.

"You're not playing with my head are you?"

"Only the one between your legs," she laughed.

Herbert lavished kisses all over her angelic face. He was hers—mind, body and soul, and she knew it. But she also knew that she loved him.

EPILOGUE

Herbert is now studying for his MBA at Harvard and plans to work for his father's company upon graduation. Cecilia chose to follow Herbert to Harvard where she is now pursuing an undergraduate degree in political science. The two of them plan to get married after they graduate.

Constance and Michael are currently vacationing in the Bahamas. Michael is totally subservient to his beautiful wife and would not have it any other way. He is now an almost permanent fixture at any of her CFNM /Sisterhood parties. Both William and Frederick have followed their father's example and devote themselves unconditionally to promoting Sisterhood events. William, especially, has become adept at relieving himself of his sperm in the presence of groups of Sisters, his libations a physical representation of his voluntary servitude.

Amy is now pursuing a career in music, writing and producing her first album of all-original songs in Nashville. Both Fiona and Lillian continue to live in Point Lookout. Fiona is studying to be a lawyer and has her own apartment and a loving boyfriend; Lillian started her own consulting business a few years ago and is planning to be married as soon as her fiancé, Ben, returns from his tour of duty in Afghanistan.

Iris Fields continues to teach at Point Lookout High school. She has become a Sisterhood leader and one of Constance's best friends. She recently spent her summer vacation in Paris, where she met Sisterhood leaders Holly McKenzie and her aunt, Phoebe Anjou. While attending one of their initiations, she spanked a recalcitrant male servant and masturbated two men to orgasm. She said it was the most liberating feeling she had ever experienced.

Last year King Matumba was inducted as an honorary member into the Sisterhood Order for his many lasting contributions, not the least of which has been the incredible volume of sperm expended on their account. This motion was brought forward by Emerson Rose and all the other girls who, even today, still talk about the giant black man with the two-foot prick that "squirts lots of spunk". The King performs regularly at Sisterhood events where he proudly displays his orgasmic prowess to all-female audiences around the world. His show, where girls can film themselves masturbating his huge cock to multiple orgasms, is a tremendous hit with the Sisters and can be seen currently on YouTube. He gave up his royal crown to pursue the CFNM lifestyle fulltime, and now makes his home in New York City with several of his former concubines.

THE END

