The Bet
byssnatch

I drove around and around until I had reached the 8th floor of the parking garage, and started looking for section 8F as instructed. My girlfriend and I like to play a game where we bet on random meaningless things, like who will be get ousted in the episode of a TV reality show. Whoever wins, gets to call the shots on our next weekend getaway or vacation. It actually works out great. No vacation arguments about where to eat or what to do. Its actually nice to lose sometimes and just go with the flow. This time, I lost. Who knew that girl would slip and fall on that dancing show?

I found the right section, and saw my girlfriend's car already parked. I found a spot right next to her as this entire area was empty. This time of year, not enough travelers to need to park this far from the terminal.

I didn't even know where we were flying to. That was part of the game. She made all the arrangements. Like I said, losing isn't all that bad. She did tell me to bring some nice slacks and shirts, but to be prepared for warm weather, and to pack light. I got out of my car, popped the trunk, and pulled out my small roller bag and my carry-on with a change of clothing—just in case.

Sarah got out of her car when she saw me park, and was doing the same thing. Her bag was much larger. I never understand how a woman can pack so much for such a short trip, but I knew better than to comment. I walked over to help her with the bag, and was about to ask why we were parked way out in this section when she spoke, "sweetie, before we get going, I have something for you to wear. The game starts now." A twinkle in her eyes made me realize that she had something up her sleeve.

She reached into her trunk and pulled out a small pink Victoria's Secret bag and handed it to me. I took it, and immediately started feeling flush. I always fawn over her sexy lingerie, sometimes even asking her to leave it on while we have sex. I love the soft silky fabrics and sexy lace. I once confessed to her that I fantasized about what it would feel like to wear panties.

"That's for you to wear. You'll need to put them on right here. I can help you," she said in a very conversational way, like how's the weather? I was looking in the bag, and I could see a pair of hot pink satin panties with lace trim.

"uh,...what?" I asked, a bit confused, "here?...but..."

"Don't worry silly, why do you think I asked you to park all the way out here? Afterall, the game is afoot, and I make all the decisions. I decided that you should wear these," she explained.

I pulled the panties out of the bag, and noticed that they were not the only thing in the bag. A black butt plug sat nestled in the tissue paper of the bag. The look of surprise must have shown on my face, because I heard her giggle. I looked at her, and I began to protest when she cut me off.

"Don't forget who's in charge here. As a matter fact, you may as well start getting used to calling me Mistress. You got that pantyboy?"

"Er...yeah, no problem Sar- I mean Mistress."

She spoke with a new-found authority that I had never seen before, but I could feel my cock twitch with excitement. I stepped out of my shoes, took one last look around, and started to take off my pants. When I was naked from the waist down, she ordered me to lean up against the trunk of my car and "spread 'em". She sounded like she was having fun. I, on the other hand, was weirdly excited and freaked out. While I was trying to comprehend what was going on, and what this woman had done with my Sarah, I felt a cold wet finger on my anus.

"Ah!" I yelped as she pushed a finger inside me. At least, I realized, she was using some lube. I had never used a butt plug, nor had I ever even expressed an interest about it to Sarah. The panties, yes, butt plug, no. Everything seemed so surreal, and just like that, I felt something cold and hard pushing against my anus. The plug started pushing into me, and I immediately realized why so many women will not let men fuck them in the ass. The plug was a medium sized plug. It had looked like it was probably about 5 inches long and at most an inch or slightly more at its widest point. It felt, however, like a baseball bat pushing into my ass. I heard someone scream, and then realized it was me. All I could see was bright light. I've endured more pain, but it was enough that I really couldn't think. Then, I felt a pop, and the pain receded. The widest part had pushed into me, and now a dull ache was left behind along with a feeling of fullness that I had never felt before.

"Step into these. You better hurry, I think I hear a car."

With those words, I returned to lucid thought, and I remembered where I was standing. Looking down, I could see she was holding the panties by my feet. I stepped into them, and she pulled them up my legs. She reached around, and adjusted my cock so that the satin fabric cupped my balls and contained my cock. The smooth light satiny fabric was as luxurious as I had imagined.

"Hey pantyboy, gonna put these on? Or are you good like that?"

Sarah was holding my pants out to me. I took them, put them on, and then got my shoes and socks on. While I was finishing tying my shoes, Sarah had tossed my boxers into her trunk, closed the trunk, and stood waiting for me with our luggage. I stood back up, and started to walk to her when I felt the plug shift inside me. It sent waves of pleasure right through to my cock. I had to focus to keep walking straight.

"Come on pantyboy, get our luggage and let's get going. We have a flight to catch. And don't forget to wave to the camera." She started walking toward to elevators and held up her hand, finger pointing at the ceiling. I looked up and saw a security camera pointed right at me, little red light blinking. I immediately looked back down, hoping my face wasn't too clearly framed on the camera, grabbed the bags, and followed Sarah as quickly as the plug would allow.

With each step, I could feel the plug shifting inside me. It didn't help that I was now developing a hard on. Between the plug and the satin panties, my body and my mind were getting turned on. I tried to use my carry-on to shield my excitement, clutching it in front of my pelvis. As we finally reached the main terminal, I was hoping that I had mastered walking as I kept telling myself that busy travelers were not going to pay attention to a guy who looked like he had a stick up his ass — which I immediately realized was a more than accurate assessment of my situation.

Sarah took charge, and checked us in at the self-check in kiosk. We checked our luggage and headed for the gate. Sarah barely looked at me, striding confidently down the concourse. As we neared the security checkpoint, I started feeling more and more uncomfortable. It wasn't the plug that was sending waves of pleasure through me with each step, but as i neared the checkpoint, i had a flash of being strip searched by a TSA guard who some how knew that i had something "hidden".

"Ah Sarah, wait please," I pleaded. Sarah turned to face me, and gave me a look of warning. "Sorry, Mistress, please wait. Can I get through security like this?" I asked motioning with my eyes downward to my midsection. At least by now, my cock had settled down, and was no longer tenting my pants.

"Silly boy, they don't xray you, and they wouldn't be able to see the panties ayway. And the plug is not metal. It won't be a problem, now come, we have a plane to catch." And with that, she turned and kept walking into the roped-off lines of security. By the looks of some nearby travelers, it was clear that they heard that exchange. I could feel my face turning red.

I took a deep breath, let it out, and followed her. She was right of course, but that didn't stop my heart from racing as I went through security. One TSA guard looked at me, clearly noticing that I was fidgeting. Crap, I realized showing strange nervousness could make one of them think that I was doing something illegal. I smiled weakly to the guard, "Hi. I hate flying," I said in a poor attempt at an excuse. She rolled her eyes, and just reached for my boarding pass, looked at it, and waved me on.

I followed Sarah down the concourse to our gate, and we found a place to sit. I was so glad to be able to sit down and stop walking, I completely forgot what would happen when I did sit. So I sat, and immediately realized my mistake as the plug pushed hard up into me, filling me deeper than before. I stifled a yelp, and tried to look at the floor as if nothing had happened. I peeked over at Sarah, knowing she was probably glaring at me. She was.

The Bet Ch. 02
byssnatch©

"Good evening ladies and gentleman. Flight 2134 to New York City is now boarding through gate number 23," announced the gate agent over the PA system. We boarded the plane, and found our way to our seats. Sarah took the window seat, and I took the aisle. As the stewardesses got everyone seated and bags stowed, I began to relax. I could still feel the plug in my ass, but at least now, I could just sit in my seat for the next couple hours while we flew to the city. I closed my eyes, and felt the plane begin to move as it pulled away from the gate.

I awoke, surprised that I had fallen asleep. We were in the air, and I could see that drink service had begun. Sarah noticed I was awake, and she reached down to pull out her purse from beneath the seat in front of her. She fished out some cash, handing it to me. She leaned over to me.

"Red wine, pantyboy," she whispered into my ear, then flicked her tongue across my ear lobe. "And get yourself a jack and coke. You'll need it."

I didn't really know what she meant, but given how the evening had started, my mind started racing. When the stewardess stopped next to us, I had already pulled down my tray-table. I wasn't so much preparing for the drink as I was trying to hide the tent in my slacks. As soon as I had purchased our drinks, Sarah leaned over again.

"Drink up, I've got something for you," she said with a lilt to her voice that told me that she had more plans for me. I took a deep drink, and put the jack and coke down. Sarah reached with one hand to my drink, and with the other swapped it out. My eyes followed my drink. It was at that instant that I realized my mistake. I looked back at my tray table to discover another butt plug standing up next to a small lube bottle. I reached as quickly as I could and grabbed them both, pulling them down into my lap, trying to hide them. I could feel my face turning a bright red as I hoped that the people seated across the aisle to us were not paying any attention to us. I turned to Sarah, and gave her my best what-are-you-thinking look. She smirked, leaned in and kissed me, then slid her lips along my cheek to my ear.

"Time for you to trade up. If you are going to be able to handle what I have planned, you need to prepare," she growled into my ear. "Go to the lavatory and put that in your sweet ass for me pantyboy. You won't need the other anymore, just toss it."

So much for a relaxing flight. I got up carefully, trying to keep the plug hidden in my hands as best I could. This one was clearly larger than the last. Not really longer, but definitely thicker. I could feel its girth in my hand, and guessed it had to be close to 1 1/2 inches in diameter at its widest point. I walked down the aisle, and only then looked up and noticed that the "Lavatory Occupied" sign was lit up. I stood outside the door of the lavatory, facing away from the passenger cabin, holding the butt plug in my hands. It felt like an eternity, but it was probably just a minute or two when the door opened, and I could slip into the lavatory.

I slid my slacks down to my ankles, and looked down at my cock covered panties. Or more like partially covered cock. Seeing the hot pink panties just made me even more excited, and I could feel my cock swelling to its fullest. I ran my hand over my balls, feeling the smooth satin. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband, and slid the panties down to my ankles. Fortunately, the cramped lavatory has hand holds, as I needed to grab onto one so that I could bend down and slip one foot out of its shoe and out of the slacks and panties. I raised my foot up onto the small counter, and leaned forward, trying to spread my legs as wide as I could. I reached down between my legs, and got ahold of the base of the butt plug. I gently pulled on it, and immediately felt pressure against my anus. It wasn't coming out.

I pulled a little harder, and felt even more pressure on my anus. I felt a bit of panic, but told myself I had to relax. I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and tried to relax. I reached down again, pulled on the plug harder still. I felt the plug moving. The pressure was intense and I could feel my sphincter stretching, and just as I thought it was going to hurt, I felt the pressure release, and the plug came free. I breathed a deep sigh of relief. I took the new plug, applied some lube, and added a bit more to my anus, then took a deep breath, and started to push the plug into my anus. At first, it felt good going in, and it slid in easier than I had expected. As it got deeper into me, it got wider, and I could feel myself stretching again. I backed off, and then took another deep breath and as I exhaled, I pushed again. Again, it was unable to push the plug all the way in, and so I pushed again, and again. Before I realized it, I was fucking myself with the plug, pushing just a tiny bit harder with each inward thrust. My cock was full erect, and I looked down to see a drop of pre-cum glistening at the tip. With my free hand, I wiped the drop onto my finger, and licked it, tasting it. It was sweet and slick to the taste.

At this point, I wanted to take my cock and stroke myself, but I knew that Sarah would not approve, and I didn't want to find out what punishments she had up her sleeve. Instead, I refocused on inserting the plug, and with one more hard thrust, I was able to push the widest part of the plug past my sphincter, and it popped into place. I pushed it a bit deeper still, reveling in the fullness it created. This plug was definitely larger than the last.

I cleaned up, washing the lube from my hands, and carefully wiping away excess lube from the plug to avoid soaking my panties (and as a result my slacks), pulled my panties back on, and tried to calm myself so that I could fit my cock back into the panties. I fumbled a bit, getting myself redressed in the tight space, but after checking myself over as best I could, I took the first plug, and threw it into the refuse bin. I wondered if the people who cleaned the plane would notice it. I smiled at the thought of someone dumping the trash and seeing it, wondering what was going on during this flight.

As I made my way back to my seat, I again had to focus on trying to walk normally as the new larger plug made movement a little awkward, and with each step, I could feel pressure against my inside like I'd never felt. Each step sent waves of pleasure from my inner core out through my body. The feeling of fullness was both overwhelming and blissful. I locked eyes with Sarah, and I could tell she was amused watching me walk down the aisle. Fortunately, most passengers never look up from their books or computers, or had their eyes closed and iPods on.

I took my seat, and turned to Sarah. "Mission accomplished, Mistress," I reported.

"Mmmm...good pantyboy. How does it feel?"

I took a quick peek to the seat behind me and saw that both passengers had on earphones. I already knew the ones in front of us were dozing. "Mistress, I feel stuffed full. Its like nothing I've ever felt. When I move, I can feel a pressure inside me. I don't know how to describe it, but it feels good–totally wrong, or um...taboo? But definitely it feels good."

"See pantyboy? Mistress is taking care of you isn't she? I think you'll only need one more training plug tonight before the real festivities begin," she said in a sultry voice.

"Yes Mistress," I answered.

The Bet Ch. 03
byssnatch©

We arrived in New York, and after gathering our luggage, we hailed a cab, and made our way into the city. Sarah had booked us a room at nice boutique hotel in mid-town. When we got into the room, Sarah ordered me to strip down to my panties. I stood in the middle of the room, in front of the king sized bed as she walked slowly around me, looking me over. She appraised me like I was just an object, running her fingers along my body lightly. Touching me here, then there.

"OK pantyboy, time to trade up again," she announced. Standing behind me, she wrapped her arms around me, sliding her hands into my panties and pushed them down. The panties fell to the floor around my ankles. My cock began to rise to attention. "Spread your legs, and lean on the dresser," Sarah directed. I did as she told me, and looked at myself in the mirror mounted on the wall above the dresser. I could see my cock stiffening, and Sarah reaching into her carry-on bag. As I expected, she pulled out a small bottle of lube and another black plug. This one looked even larger then the last. It looked like it might be 2 inches at its widest. I felt like my eyes were about as large as I stared at the monster.

Sarah saw me staring and smirked at me. "Don't worry pantyboy, this won't hurt a bit. You're all warmed up already, this is just a little larger than the one you're wearing now. This will get you ready for the main event tonight." This was the second time she had alluded to a something greater later tonight. I wasn't sure I could handle anything larger, but her words brought images of Sarah pulling a giant plug out of her large roller bag.

My attention was brought back to the now as I felt Sarah pulling on the plug in my ass. This time, it seemed to slide out rather easily. Maybe she was right, I was getting used to this now. It had been almost 4 hours since she had inserted the first plug back in the parking garage. I felt her adding more lube to my ass. I couldn't be sure, but I think she slid two or three fingers into me, spreading the lube. It felt wonderful, and I let out a moan before I realized that I was doing it.

"Ooh, you like this pantyboy?"

"Yes, Mistress. I didn't know that it could feel this good."

"This is just the beginning...just the beginning."

And with that, I felt the now familiar feeling of the plug pushing into me. This one was larger. Despite what she had said, it wasn't too painful, but it did stretch me wider than I thought possible. It took a little coaxing, but the plug was soon deep inside my ass. Sarah told me we were going to dinner and a show. Then, we'd return here for the "climax" of our evening. With that, she giggled just a bit, not a girlish giggle, but more a fiendish giggle that had me a bit concerned.

"Give me a moment to get out what you'll be wearing tonight, pantyboy," Sarah said as she unzipped her suitcase. She tossed onto the bed a small plastic wrapped package, another pair of panties, this time black with some lace, and a matching garter. Next came a black camisole, its silky fabric shimmered in the light as she held it up to show me. I picked up the package and saw that they were a pair of sheer black stockings with lace tops. I fumbled a bit with the package. My hands were not cooperating fully more out of excitement than fear I realized. I sat on the edge of the bed, and managed to get the stockings on. They had a stretchy rubber lining at the tops to hold them up without the garter, but I reached for it anyway. The garter took a little more time to figure out, but I found that it fit rather nicely around my hips. After I got them attached to the stockings, I looked up and saw myself in the mirror. My legs looked more feminine than I would have expected encased in the sheer black stockings. I stepped into the panties, and as I pulled them on, I felt the smoothness of the stockings on my legs.

"Good pantyboy. I'm glad you understood the garter went before the panties. That's important."

I looked up and realized that while I had been focused on the stockings and garter, Sarah had completely changed her clothing. She had on a short black dress that barely covered the tops of her own thigh high stockings. The neckline was a steep "V" that reached almost to her navel. It was obvious that she wore no bra.

"Don't just stand there, pantyboy. Keep getting dressed. We've got a reservation to make," she ordered sternly.

The camisole fell loosely over my chest. The silky fabric felt exquisite against my skin. I quickly stepped into my slacks, and then went to my bag to get a new shirt. I found what I was looking for — a dark blue oxford — plenty dark enough to hide the camisole. As we left the hotel, I could feel eyes following us through the lobby. I had to convince myself that they were following Sarah, her sexy dress and high heels accentuated her toned legs and perfect figure. I could feel the stockings and the camisole with every step I took. The plug was no less noticeable as I focused on walking as normally as I could.

We took a cab to the restaurant. Sarah had found a nice dimly lit restaurant that was actually below street level. You could see people's feet walking by through the small windows mounted high up on the walls. We were seated in a booth, away from the traffic of the wait staff. Sarah had clearly prepared for our arrival as the hostess handed her a menu, and ignored me completely. She scanned the menu quickly, then placed it on the corner of the table and waited for the waitress to arrive.

When she did arrive, Sarah ordered for both of us. Throughout dinner and later the show, Sarah continued to take charge as if it was totally normal. Her demeanor was one of control and confidence that had me feeling less and less her companion, and more and more her pet. She didn't order me to "heel" or "sit" like I was literally a dog, but the way in which she did direct my actions, she may as well have done so. I found myself looking to her for direction, and at the same time, trying to anticipate her needs and wants.

I was constantly reminded that our evening out was just the beginning of more to come. Each time I shifted in my seat, or had to walk anywhere, the plug reminded me that this was no normal night on the town. The silky feel of the stockings and camisole beneath my clothes along with the plug had me hard almost the entire time. I don't even remember much of the show, not that I ever really enjoyed them anyway. Throughout the show, Sarah had her hand resting in my lap, fingers teasing my inner thigh and sometimes tracing the outline of my hard cock.

After the show, we returned to the hotel. The cab ride was uneventful except for the fact that Sarah was whispering into my ear. "Are you ready for me, pantyboy? You've been good tonight, keep it up, and you'll earn a reward."

The Bet Ch. 04
byssnatch©

I closed the door to our hotel room and latched the lock. Sarah ordered me to strip down to just the undergarments that she had provided me.

"Lay down on the bed, on your back," Sarah instructed. I quickly complied, eager to please her. Whatever she had planned, I was more than ready at this point. She reached into her luggage, and pulled out a blindfold mask. She slipped it over my eyes, and whispered into my ear, "okay my pantyboy, time for Mistress to have her fun."

I lay still and listened to her moving about the room for a few minutes. At times, I could feel her get on and off of the bed, but after a few minutes, I had no idea what she was up to.

"Raise your hands above your head," she ordered. I felt something wrap around my wrists, and soon discovered my hands were now bound and tied down so that I could not move them from above my head. She had my arms stretched above me toward the head of the bed, not so tight that it hurt, but enough that I couldn't move them. As I played gently with my binds to see just how tightly I was bound, I felt something wrapped around my ankle, then my foot was pulled and secured to one corner of the bed. Soon, the other followed.

"Are you ready?" she whispered into my ear, then flicked her tongue seductively along my ear lobe.

"Yes," I managed, just barely.

I heard Sarah rummaging around in her bag again, then felt her climb onto the bed.

"Stick out your tongue, pantyboy."

I reached out with my tongue, not sure if there was something in front of me to lick. Just as I thought there was nothing there, I felt her. Her flesh pressed down onto me, and my tongue tasted her sweetness. The unmistakeable flavor of her pussy filled my senses.

"Mmmmm, yes pantyboy, eat your Mistress."

She lowered herself onto me, and rode my face, pressing her pussy onto my eager lips and tongue. I could tell that she was facing away from me in a 69 position. As she smothered my face with her pussy, I could feel her begin to slide her whole body onto mine, her hands stroking along my abs, then down legs. She brushed lightly along my panty encased cock. Her hands then slid over my balls, and down between my legs. She pushed on the plug, pressing it deeper inside me. I could tell by her wetness and the little noises that she made that she was getting closer to an orgasm. I licked and sucked harder, knowing that she likes it. She rolled her pelvis so that her clit was easily accessible. I licked it and sucked it into my mouth, flicking my tongue over her most sensitive spot. Her moans grew louder, her legs clamped down on my head. She was cumming. Her fingers dug into my thighs. Her pussy was flowing freely, and I tried to drink her nectar.

"Mmmm...pantyboy, that was good. Now, it's time I fucked you."

She climbed off of my face, and off of the bed. I could hear some more noises as she move things around, then I felt my ankles being released from their restraints. Her hands slid off my panties, leaving me in the stockings and garter and camisole. then she lifted legs to my chest, knees bent. More wrapping, and I found myself tied up again, now with my knees bent up toward my chest and splayed. She pushed a pillow beneath my ass, raising it up off of the bed.

I felt her hands on my ass, then my cock and balls. Stroking me gently before she began to pull on the plug in my ass. She pulled it out, stretching me as the widest point on the plug pulled out of me. Then she pushed it back in. Back and forth, she fucked my ass with the plug for a couple minutes. I had thought that the plug was giant earlier, but now it slid easily in and out of me. It felt like nothing I had ever felt before. As the plug pressed into me, I could feel pressure inside me as the plug pressed against my prostate. That pressure sent waves of pleasure through my cock and up into my entire pelvic region. Groans of pleasure spilled from my mouth, uncontrolled. Then, she remove the plug. I felt suddenly empty. I almost protested, and then felt something pushing against my anus.

Sarah's hands were on my knees, leaning on me for leverage. A brief wave of confusion struck me as I realized that her hands were on my knees, and yet something was pushing against my anus. Whatever it was, it easily slid inside me...."it's time to fuck you"...I realized that what she meant was to literally fuck me in the ass. She was wearing a strap on.

As she continued to push the dildo into my, I marveled at its size. The feeling of fullness was overwhelming. The plug had been large, but the dildo far surpassed the plug in its ability to fill me. It felt thicker then the plug, and clearly longer. It pushed deep inside me. Just as I thought I could accept no more of it, I felt Sarah's pelvis press against me.

"Good pantyboy, I knew you could handle all of me."

Sarah began to pump in and out of me. With each thrust, waves of pleasure rippled through me.

"Mmmm..you like this don't you pantyboy. You are my little slut aren't you? No more pantyboy...I think I'll call you my little slut. You like getting fucked in your little slut ass don't you?"

"Ohh...yes Mistress, please fuck my little slut ass..."

"Yes, my little slut...tell me how much you like it in your little slut ass." The waves of pleasure were nothing I had ever felt before. I could feel my cock was harder than it had ever been before. Sarah wasn't even touching it, but I could tell that if she kept fucking me, thrusting against my prostate, that I was going to cum.

"Ohh...Mistress please don't stop. I need to be fucked deep in my little slut ass. Mmmmm it feels so good. So good...I think I'm going to cum Mistress..."

Suddenly, she pulled out, and pulled away from me. I no longer felt her weight on the bed. I felt empty, and my impending orgasm was slipping away.

"Mistress? please...fuck me...let me cum...." I begged.

Just as quickly as she had pulled out of me, something was forced into my anus. It slid in quickly and easily. It was the plug again. A glimmer of hope that she would fuck me with the plug floated across my consciousness. Then, despite the blindfold mask, flashes of light blinded me along with a snap and hot pain across my ass.

"You are not here for your pleasure, my little slut," Sarah scolded me. White flashes again filled my vision, heat burned across my ass. "You will learn your place slut! You'll cum only when I allow it. You are here for my pleasure, slut. And right now,..." more lines of heat and pain on my ass, "I'm enjoying heating up your ass and watching you squirm."

Sarah continued to flog my ass. Unable to see, her blows came without rhythm and without warning. I could feel tears wetting the blindfold around my eyes. Just as I thought I could take no more, the flogging stopped. Sarah's hands gently stroked my ass cheeks, soothing away the sting.

"Mmmm now that's better my little slut," she soothed. "Now, let's get back to that fucking." Sarah again removed the plug from my ass, and just as before, I felt her dildo slide inside me, filling me completely. She resumed a steady rhythm, thrusting in and out of me in long fluid strokes. Her hands worked their way up my chest, pushing the camisole up out of the way, fingers finding my nipples. She began to pinch and squeeze them sending jolts of pain and pleasure through my body. It didn't take long before I was again on the verge of orgasm.

"Ohhh...please Mistress...may I cum?" I begged.

"Not yet my little slut," she said. One hand left my nipple and then grabbed by balls, squeezing them. Hard enough to hurt and to dispel my impending orgasm. Sarah kept pumping in and out of my ass, pinching my nipple, and now squeezing my balls. The pain mixed with the ecstasy I felt from getting my ass fucked. Sarah didn't let up, and as I neared climax, she would squeeze my balls just hard and pinch and twist my nipple enough to bring me back down. My mind was awash in sensation, and I knew that I was soon not going to be able to stop my climax. As if she could sense that I was losing control, she stopped. She withdrew the dildo from my ass, but quickly replaced it again with the plug. Again, my ass was on fire as she began to whip me again.

After what felt like minutes, I felt Sarah's hands untying my legs, stretching them out again, spread eagle on the bed. I felt her climb on the bed, then she straddled my chest. The blindfold was lifted, and I was looking up at her, naked and beautiful. She gazed down at me, smiled then leaned down, hands on either side of my head, slid her body down so that our lips were just inches apart. She stared into my eyes, then kissed me. Her tongue invaded my mouth. She broke from the kiss, licked her lips seductively, then raised her lower body over my rock hard cock. Reaching between her legs, she grabbed my cock, pointing it at her pussy.

"Are you ready my little slut? Remember, you don't cum until I say you cum."

With that, she lowered herself onto my cock. Never before had her pussy felt so good wrapped around my shaft. She rolled her hips, rubbing her clit against me. Sarah's hands slid back onto my chest, fingers on my nipples again, rolling them between her thumb and fingers. Pinching them as her pussy ground into me. I could sense she was nearing an orgasm. I knew I was not going to be able to hold out much longer either.

"Mistress, please may I cum?" I begged, "I can't hold out much longer, please Mistress?"

After just a few more rolls of her hips, her body tensed as she climaxed. Her fingers pinched down on my nipples like vices, sending jolts of pain through me.

"Cum for me slut, cum for your Mistress!"

I released inside her. My orgasm literally had me seeing flashes of light as I felt my orgasm flooded my senses with ecstasy. The pain from my nipples mixed with my orgasm creating a new euphoria in me. With the plug filling me, nipples screaming in pain, my orgasm swept through my entire body. I heard screams of ecstasy that I could not tell if they were me or Sarah.

As we came down from out orgasms, Sarah rested her body against me breathing hard, then pushed herself to a sitting position.

"We're not done slut...Time to get cleaned up, slut," she said, a grin on her face that told me something new was coming. She carefully lifted herself from my now semi-hard cock, then quickly moved up toward my head. Straddling my face, her wet pussy lips were just inches from my face. I looked at her lips, then up her body to see her looking down at me with that same smile.

"I want you to clean my pussy now." I knew exactly what she wanted, and I wanted it more than I could have imagined. Looking back to her pussy lips, glistening with her juices and my cum, I opened my mouth and reached for her with my tongue. "That's a good slut," Sarah purred and lowered herself onto my mouth.

I pushed my tongue between her lips, deep into her pussy. She tasted sweet and tangy. I ate her pussy, licking her lips, sucking on her clit, sucking my cum from her. Sarah squeezed her thighs around my face, smothering me, riding me so that her pussy was my whole world. I ate her pussy and drank my cum as the gift that it was, stealing air when I could. I lost my sense of time, but simply kept licking and sucking her pussy while staring up her body. She had her breasts in her hands, rolling her own nipples between her fingers as she neared another climax. Sounds were muffled but I could tell she was moaning and screaming in pleasure as she rode through he climax, her body tensing and shivering in ecstasy.

When she had come down from her orgasm, she peered down at me and gave me that same smile again.

"Mmmm...slut that was so good, I want you to keep going. Your Mistress needs another."

With that, she shifted her body so that her ass was over my mouth. I understood, and pushed my tongue against her anus. I worked to tongue fuck her ass, licking around her opening, and pushing my tongue inside her as far as I could. At one point, she began to roll her hips like she fucked me, allowing me to lick her from her ass to her clit and back. By now, she had one hand on her clit and one on her nipple. When she came again, she pressed her ass to my tongue, rubbing her clit in time with her screams. She rolled forward again, allowing me to drink her cum from her pussy before she dismounted my face, and settled her body against mine.

Running her nails up and down my body, pausing briefly every few strokes to tickle my balls or pinch a nipple, she rested against me purring.

"Slut, that was wonderful. You have served your Mistress well."