Aunty's Darker Side Exposed
byBriano82©

Hello this is me, Renato420 myself. This story focuses on various characters and that are showed in different counter parts as the story pursues. Sweet criticisms are always accepted.

Chapter 1

Hello this is Sushant. I am 18 years old and a 12th standard science student. I am 5'11 and fair skinned, with the physique like a normal healthy Indian teenager. I belong from the famous Shalak family of the state who were well renowned for their widespread business all around the state. I have an elder sister Damini who is 22 years old; she has been studying LLB in the Illinois, USA.

It is a normal summer day where I was supposed to go to school followed by an early morning awakening. Following the schedule, I woke up in the morning for school. I had a hard day till noon in school and I made my way back to home in the late noon. I took a nap considering my normal routine and as soon as I could think of making the day useful, the sun set itself at the bottom.

Dad returned from the office just at 8:00 and within 30 minutes we were all gathered at the dining table.

"So how's the school, beta(son)?" Mom started to inquire about the day.

"It was fine mom, I had a few naps in the lectures but it was quite cool there, no offense!"

Hearing that Dad started laughing while eating his bacon. "Okay okay, on a very serious note I need to discuss something with you two, just tell me when we are ready." After two massive hmms' approval dad began, "I just got a call from Damini this morning and she insisted of seeing her family, so I have decided to fly to Chicago tomorrow evening with Vandana."

I was amazed with his decisions and my lovely mom read my mind here, "So what about Sush dear? He also deserves to see his elder sister!"

"I know dear but since his school has just reopened, it won't sound that appropriate for him to travel for this long at present!" Dad shot down any allegations of mine joining in. The never treated me like an eighteen years old.

"So where would I be?" I protested in all the extremity possible.

"That would be informed to you by the bed time tonight, son." Dad sounded quite firm with his decisions and there was no way to turn it around.

We finished the dinner and I came back to my room to chat and surf the internet. I searched some porn and jerked off to a cougar mom porn. In the meantime the clock ticked 10:30 and I got a knock on my door steps, it was mom at first with dad joining in after her. They joined at the both the sides of my bed, while I was laid firmly there.

Mom started with, "We have decided your stay beta (son in Hindi)!"

"Where?" I sounded a bit annoyed now.

"It would be at your Anamika masi's (Masi stands for mother's sister in India), son. Due to the fact that her house is not far away from your school it would just be your perfect stay there." Dad seemed to be pre planning this shit since very long. I just nodded in a yes while mom and dad left from the room.

Anamika aunty was a very respectful lady of our society, especially on being the only female deputy inspector general (D.I.G.) of the state. I always found her house a playful place to visit as we made a good bond with each other.

The day flew to the next as my parents got ready to leave for their three week's trip to the United States. I was dropped to my aunty's, from where it was all the journey of my own. I rang the bell and the door got opened up to this huge 5'9 lady standing right in front of me. It was Anamika masi (aunty in India), in her loose kurti and pajamas.

Mom always told me about her very little wardrobe collection which was limited with loose nighties and the police yellow-green khakhi uniform. I always found my masi hot as she was a lady with just the perfect body and curves. She had a fair skin and stood at 5'9 with the body measured as 38-28-40 inches. She was the owner of a very attractive face. She had her cups secured in 36-D.

Being in the police service, she always maintained the very athletic body. She was just a bit taller than mom, with mom at 5'7. She greeted me with a hug and as soon as her nipples touched mine, I experienced a boner inside of my pants.

I took my footsteps inside and found Uncle Anmol on the couch with little Ananya who was their two years old daughter. I was instructed by my aunt to get changed and ready for the dinner. I did as I was told and I had the dinner with the whole family. I was planning to watch some night serials on the couch.

I handled the remote and laid down on the couch but my plans were overturned by my aunty, as she made her way towards the couch with, "It's already late Sush, you should better consider getting to bed now. Aunty would hate to see you getting late for school. Now help yourself son." I always knew about her strict nature and I was in no mood to stand against it.

Aunty's voice was so strict and soft that I could not even dare to say a yes or no, but instead left silently with my head facing the floor. I saw her hard nipples peeking through her white kurti which made me to recall last summer, when I happened to get the view of her nipples while she was feeding Ananya with it. I looked for uncle to bade him night but he was no where in the scene so I assumed he could have possibly gone to sleep. Now I just had to walk to the stairs because my room was situated at the end of it. While aunty's was on the very corner of the same floor.

I was playing with a bouncy ball by hitting it on the floor followed by the walls of the house and then catching it back on the rebound. On my way to the room I threw the ball in an absurd manner, which made the ball to roll to the very corner of the floor just before aunty's room. I went for the ball and as soon as I bent down to take the ball, I was freaked out completely with the scene inside the room.

It was my uncle laid naked on the stomach with his hands and legs tied to his bare back. The feet were tied with the palm of the hands on both the sides, while his testicles were tied with each toe of the legs. He was hogtied as I have seen on the internet. He was fitted tightly with a red ball gag around his mouth that was tied with the various loops of the rope that was surrounded all over his back and the chest. I couldn't even think of anything at that time but started to shiver instantly. Before I can make time to think of anything else I heard a voice coming directly from the garden area, "Are you still not inside Honey?"

Hearing that, I rushed to the room and made the sound of undoing the door and replied, "No masi I'm already inside, Goodnight!"

"Goodnight honey, I love you!"

"Yeah me too aunty." Hearing that she didn't replied anything and I had a sigh of relief. Now I just had numerous thoughts going in my mind such as, "How was uncle in that state?", "Who did it?", "Does aunty know about it?", "Is he in trouble?" and so on. I turned the lights off to trick aunty into the thought that I went to sleep.

I was roaming here and there in the room for almost an hour thinking of what could possibly be the case. I finally made my mind of saying it to aunty but before I can make any move I started to hear some sounds coming from the hallway. I started to hear it with a better focus and I found that voice of aunty's. I didn't wanted to get caught at the scene; so I decided to not to open the door.

I slid the window in some millimeter to fit an eye in it. As my eyes got to the hallway I found my aunty being held by a guy tightly by her ass and both of them were into a deep kiss by sticking to each other's lips. Aunty's ass cheeks were so big that it needed a big set of palms to fit on them and he certainly had one. He was standing around at 6'3 and masi was in his full control.

They kissed and embraced their lips for more than five minutes, the guy slide the pajamas out of her gigantic ass, leaving just the panties on it. She started to kiss his neck and unbuttoned his shirt slowly. She started to kiss on all of his frontal side from neck to chest to nipples ending on his very athletic stomach.

She came up again and planted a kiss on his lips and undid his pants and underwear, leaving his very big erection exposed. I dropped my pants down with the ongoing scenes before the eyes. I held my 7 inched dick in my hand and started to stroke it, I noticed on watching that his dick was quite bigger than me, almost close to 10.

They kissed for another minute while aunty grabbed his bare dick and started to rub on it. He forced her to go down on him and she went down willingly. She held the dick in her hand and stroked it roughly at first, making his expressions to change. She started to kiss the tip of the dick while sucked on it with some pace. She started sucking on the whole of his dick while making him to moan harder.

She kept on doing it for another minute while he started to force his dick inside her mouth to make her give him a deepthroat. Her eyes got watery everytime his dick hit her oropharynx inside her mouth. He then brought her up and started to take her kurti off. He took her bra off as well leaving her just in the purple panties. He held her breast and started to suck on it. He laid her down on the couch and started to kiss on her nipple.

The guy sucked and chewed on it, making her get into some very loud moans. She forced his head towards the second nipple saying, "I like to get my titties sucked so much, so go a little rough."

He just took her request and started to suckle on her breasts, making her moan harder. He took the nipple and fitted it between his teeth while starting to chew and feel it. He pulled his head backwards with her nipple still between his teeth and made the nipple get away from her breasts.

This was so hot that it made me to cum instantly by the scenes of it. I could see some liquid dripping from his chin and also from her nipples at the same time. I just sensed that he was lactating on her breast milk. This scene made me get to an erection again in seconds. Aunty took the condom out of the guys pocket and rolled it over on his big dick.

The guy pulled out her panties from her waist and slid it away off it and then from her legs, leaving her bottomless and exposed. Her hairy pussy was now fully exposed. She placed his dick between her pussy lips and pushed him deep inside of her from his ass, to fit his dick inside perfectly.

The muscular stranger placed her legs on his shoulders and began to go inside of her with full strength of his waist. She grinned in pain and started to cry in enthusiasm. He continued to fuck her in the same manner for a minute while turning her on all fours to go inside of her from behind. He pushed his dick inside her pussy from behind while held her by her hairs.

Aunty's widespread ass looked like the most beautiful thing ever. I was thrusting on my dick for more than two minutes, seeing the Harem right before my eyes. The guy fucked Aunty for some more minutes whereas finally got away from her top. Aunty took the top now and rode the guy with all of her strength, moaning harder with every jump on his lap.

The guy held her breasts and sucked on them. Aunty's cunt leaked cum and it dropped on the guy's thighs from her cunt. He held aunty from the neck by his strong hands and made her lick all of the cum from his thighs. The guy and aunty kissed each other for more than 10 minutes after they came, he meanwhile slapped on every of her body curves, leaving his hand print on all of it.

The guy dressed up and was about to head to the door until aunty asked, "won't you like to see him once?"

"Just not today inspector, maybe tomorrow we will have tons of fun with him." He said while they laughed on it.

Aunty got up naked with some of her clothes in her hand and started to make way towards the stairs. She looked like a divine with her curves naked. I did the window again and rushed to sleep so as to leave aunty with no doubts. She undid the window a bit to peep inside of the room to check if I'm slept or not, to her comfort I was found asleep.

Aunty made her way towards the room and I wanted to see her reactions after seeing uncle like that. I followed her by very light footsteps and went to the room to get on the window. I reached the window to peep inside and I saw aunty making light approach towards the bed and saying something to him.

Before I could make any move she took a red strap on dildo from the drawer and put it on her big waist; the leather strap covered her ass exactly from the middle just like a microkini and also took out a mini leather whip from the same drawer.

She licked at the end of the 2 feet whip and bent down to kiss uncle's ass cheeks. She held a half filled glass of water and dropped it on his ass, wetting his entire back bottom. She rubbed the whip on his ass cheek and stepped back a little. I didn't knew what was going to happen but was curious about it.

Aunty swung the whip in the air and dropped it hardly on uncle's ass. It made a striking sound that echoed around the whole room. Uncle started to shiver of pain and closed his eyes in agony. She continued to drop the whip on his ass with each random seconds. Uncle cried and screamed in pain but all of his audio was killed by the ball gag inside of his mouth.

Uncle had his hands tied on from the ass and so some of her swings also came down on his hands, reddening it in an instance. She inforced more than two dozens of strokes on his ass which left it with multiple welts on it. I can see the tears flowing down from his eyes but it was just not done. She mounted on him from behind while entered the dildo in his ass.

She held his hairs and started to fuck him harder. The strap around her ass crack looked so hot from behind. She continued to fuck him until he started crying harder. She stopped after ten minutes of fucking uncle's ass. She then pulled the knots on his body parts which made the ropes get undone easily. This cleared the doubts about the person that tied him so brutally. I felt sorry for uncle.

She held him in her arms from behind and locked her legs on his waist and started to stroke his dick at the fullest to make him cum. She bite on his ear while continued to stroke him. She left his dick alone sometimes all of a sudden, after stroking harder.

She used to stop at some moments on kissing and biting his sideneck and shoulders. She left creepy teeth marks on his side neck and shoulders while doing so. She stroked him harder again; He came in full flow dirtying all of her hands. She ended up cleaning it by making uncle lick all of the hand and clean it by his tongue.

It was a pathetic scene to watch but it was so hot that I jerked off hard outside the room and came on the floor right outside the door steps. I could not do anything to make it covered again. I rushed to the room in low steps and locked myself inside. I couldn't stop thinking about this thing since very late in the night while finally falling asleep by having the alarm clock set at 5:45 am.

I was up following the alarm clock at 5:45 am. It was way too early from my usual awakening time, as the school was scheduled at 8:30, so there was never a need for me to get up early. I left the bed and made my way towards aunty's room. It was still dark outside but mom had told me about aunty waking up at 6:00 am on the daily basis.

I was there 5 minutes earlier and it was just the perfect time to peep in. It was dark inside but I managed to see aunty in the bed naked, with uncle held tightly in her strong arms. She secured her athletic legs around his waist and her arms around his chest, it looked quite a wet cuddle.

The alarm clock rang at 6:00, which caused their eyes to open immediately. Aunty undid her legs from his waist and released him as they woke up. Aunty left the bed naked and turned to kiss little Ananya who was laid in her hammock that was hanging from the ceiling. Little Ananya had a height only one-third bigger, to the distance between her mom's both side hips, which made her look pea sized in her mom's arms.

Aunty had a belly which was worked out perfectly to stay in shape. I was drawn to an erection, right after watching her bare boobs. I noticed uncle's ass swelled from the welts where aunty whipped last night. Aunty returned from the bathroom with a brush and a toothpaste cylinder.

Uncle was swiping away the dusts from the room with the broom. He dropped himself on the floor straight away after aunty entered the room. Aunty mounted on his mouth with her big waist. She glued her cunt to his mouth, and closed her eyes closed in deep satisfaction after holding uncle's hairs. I caught the sight of some few drops of yellowish liquid dribbling from uncle's chin. After a distinctive emphasis, I got to know that she was pissing inside his mouth.

I almost felt like throwing up to this act but it looked so hot that I was in an initial hard on. Aunty kissed his forehead and cheeks after they were done. Aunty got the panties on her big ass back on and she opened the closet to get her black leggings and put it on. It was so hot to see her getting dressed. I really intended to pause her half naked picture and jerk off to it for my entire life.

Uncle in the meantime brought little Ananya from the hammock to the bed, to change her diaper. I rushed to my room, before getting caught by aunty outside. I just yawned at the very peak level, as she was getting past the door.

"Hello hello good morning you charming of a young man!" She stopped by to wish me in her very charming tone.

"Good morning masi!" I managed to sound still sleepy.

"So where to this early?" She inquired.

"Ah, just because of the change of roofs, I didn't happened to be laid back for long in the morning." I managed to smile.

"Oh, and to my irony, I almost thought that my lazy nephew improved his living!" She said it in quite a funny manner which made us get into a laughter. "So mind a little jog, young man?" She added.

"I have just been told already how little your jogs get masi, so I'm fine!" Hearing that she got into a hard laughter.

"Okay then, just don't get ready to get ready, I would drop you school, later beta!" Saying that she turned around to leave.

I just watched her big ass bouncing through the leggings with each step she took on her way down from the stairs. Even though I had a bike and a car to take away to school, I was not allowed to use any of it at aunty's home because of the license requirements.

I spent an hour in the bathroom after she was gone, to jerk off to every scene I went through in the last 10 hours or so. I came out dressed by 7. I was out dressed in my school uniform and got in the hallway to listen to some music. As I came down I saw uncle doing the breakfast in the kitchen with little Ananya securely slept in the bedroom.

I wished uncle good morning and with all the grace and respect, he bade back. I put on the music much louder than the par level, uncle seemed to enjoy it at first but his dab on the beats stopped until aunty came in.

She instantly turned the music off and spoke, "It is just not accepted to put on such a loud music beta. I might not be able to react very nicely the next time it happens. I hope you would be more careful from now on." Saying that she kissed my cheeks and gave uncle a look to go to the room. She didn't leave and stayed there to have a chat. She was full of sweat and taking the advantage of the moment I said, "oh aunty, did you ran a marathon or something?"

"Oh haha no beta it was just the result of the schedule that I have to follow every day. Looks like you are so ready for the school." She sounded appreciating me now.

"And it looks like you are not even close, masi!" We got into a giggle again.

"30 minutes beta, you can just start to count. Oh 40, 40!" Saying that she rushed to the stairs to go to the room where uncle already was inside.

I followed her to the room once she entered and then locked it from inside. I reached the window and uncle was already on the floor. He slid aunty's leggings away from her bottom. Aunty made him lick on all of her sweaty legs and her waist. She spread her legs wide, and uncle licked all of her hairy cunt, making it leak once.

Aunty made uncle lay on her lap by his stomach. I would have hated to see him getting spanked with already swelled ass. But it was not what I thought, she took out a heap of Vaseline in her fingers and rubbed it on his welt covered bottom and massaged it gently. She continued to do it for more than 10 minutes and also rubbed her fingers in his hairs with love.

She again mounted on his head, and this time I just knew what they were up to. Aunty kissed his forehead and headed to the bathroom. Before uncle could make his way towards the door, I reached downstairs. Aunty took 10 straight minutes for her domineering make out and which let me know of her clumsy tone when saying the minutes. She was outside in 45 minutes.

She was dressed in the tight, yellow and green police uniform (khakhi). She had the three stars printed on both of her shoulders, that gave away of the fact that she was the D.I.G. of police. She had the thick belt around her waist that hanged a pistol at the side. Her ass skin was getting out of the pants too briefly than normal now.

She was with the police cane that complimented her elegance and power in the uniform. I was just looking at a powerhouse of a woman right now and I was much proud of it. She seemed like the only goddess on the earth.

We headed to the table for breakfast and I taunted her, "You are here 5 minutes late masi."

"So what are you going to do young man? Spank me for it, Haan? There was a very awkward silence then which was killed by aunty laughing loudly on what was just said by her. We did the breakfast and were ready to leave then.

She hugged uncle lightly and gave both Ananya and him a kiss on the cheeks. While uncle replied with a smile and kissed her back on the lips. She took the wheels of the orange beacon light SUV. She drove me to school in some minutes and came out of the vehicle to hug me for a little see off. I was watched by the entire school on coming out of that vehicle and hugged by the uniform lady. Aunty left in a minute and I made my way inside the school.

All of the school time my mind was constantly recalling the scenes from the last night and this morning. I wanted to know about the reason of their relationship like this but didn't knew how?

I took a cab on my way back from the school. It was 3 in the clock and I rang the bell. Uncle opened the door for me, and I entered inside. After I got inside, uncle took his place back on the couch, to continue watching the TV show. I could clearly see the discomfort he experienced when placing his ass on the couch.

I went to change and came down in the hallway by 4. Uncle made his way towards the kitchen to make the tea as aunty's way back to home was coming closer. I was laid on the couch with the remote in my hand watching some travel shows.

As soon as the clock ticked 5:30, I heard Aunty's car in the compound. Hearing that, uncle just made his way towards their room. Aunty came inside with her uniform. Her shirt was still inside of her pant which reflected the respect with which the uniform was treated. I left the couch on seeing her and gave her a huge salute to welcome her on a respectful note. She saluted back with a large giggle. She left for her room in a minute. As soon as I reached the window, uncle was on the floor on his knees, kissing her feet.

She kissed his forehead in return. He undid her belt with the pistol, and hung it on the hook. Taking the the pistol out of the pocket, put it safely in the drawer. She made him kiss her big ass through her pants while laughed during it. Aunty now sat on the bed and uncle undid her pants and undid her shirt as well after pulling it out from behind.

Aunty was in just her bra and panties now, she mounted his face to piss and released him once done. She kissed him deeply on his lips while jerked him off to an orgasm and making him lick and clean then. She went to the bathroom while uncle again checked on Ananya's diaper and got off to change it. I was back on the couch again, this time feeling normal to whatever shit I just witnessed before my eyes.

Aunty came down in her half sleeve T-shirt and Pajamas now. She sat next to me while we got into some conversation about family and my studies. She also informed me about how uncle had to leave his well-paid job to take care of Ananya after her birth. We talked more while uncle prepared the dinner and it was night again.

Uncle served us the dinner and all of us went off eating it. I was preparing to watch the full activity, right away after the dinner is done. Uncle made his way towards the room after doing the dishes. Aunty didn't had to tell me again to not to watch TV. I let her know about going to sleep after some minutes of dinner. She kissed me goodnight and I replied by kissing her back. I loved the feeling of her thick creamy cheeks on my lips. I heard aunty leaving for the room and I prepared myself to peep inside.

I got to the window immediately after she stepped inside. As I took a glance in the room, I found uncle on his stomach; getting tied on the bedside tightly by aunty. She tied his feet to both the side of the long bed making him stretched brutally from between. She took out a black strap on dildo from the closet and made it get on her big waist.

Aunty lubed his ass with some lubricant and lubed her rubber dick as well. Spanking on his ass cheeks with her hands, she entered the dildo head inside of his asshole. She continued to work in his asshole, adjusting the dildo with her hands for a few small thrusts. After six small thrusts, she shoved the whole of the dildo inside of his asshole. She started to fuck him brutally now by entering the whole of the strap on inside of his asshole.

She laid herself on him and by grabbing his hairs, fucked him in the ass for the whole 15 minutes with hard thrusts in successions. She kissed his top back and neck in between, while continued to fuck him harder. She pulled him by his hairs to come on his all fours, he managed to come on his all fours despite of being tied tightly. After a halt of less than a minute, she was at it again. She now took off her T-shirt and bra, leaving herself topless and started to fuck him like a man. She held his waist and her big boobs jumped up and down with her every shoving inside of him. I was jerking off already by the scenes and stopped myself on the edge to not to go cumming early.

She stopped inside ten minutes and unmounted from his back. She untied him from the bed and made him to come between her legs. Uncle licked off aunty's cunt and drew her on to some massive moans. It was very hot to see her moaning harder after his tongue was entering her cunt.

Aunty held him by his hairs while made him to go deeper inside of her. She came several times in between, and after several minutes she laid herself back on the bed to catch breathe. I heard someone parking outside, and before it can make it's way inside, I locked myself inside the room. I heard aunty making her way downstairs to open the door.

I peeked in from the window, she kissed the same guy from last night after opening the door for him. She was still in her lingerie. He kissed her harder and grabbed her from the ass and lifted her heavy fleshy body in his arms. They continued kissing as he made his way upstairs carrying her. They made their way inside of the room.

Uncle was lying on the floor at the side of the bed while aunty mounted on the bed with the big fella. He was between her legs while kissed her lips and grabbed her boobs. He slide the bra from her shoulders and bared her boobs while started to kiss and suck on them each. Aunty made the guy lay on her side and she still continued to kiss his lips.

Aunty commanded uncle to come to the side of the bed and lick their feet. Starting from the guys feet, he kissed on his toes, meanwhile the guy kissed aunty's neck. He continued to suck on his toes, meanwhile the guy undid his pants and started to slide it away from his waist.

Aunty stopped him there, and asked uncle to do it. He undid his pants while the guy was on the bed. Uncle undid his pants and then his underwear. She started kissing him harder and licked his lips while uncle was still on the bed side naked, waiting for the next command. Aunty made the guy come to the bedside on the knees, with his dick facing uncle.

She asked uncle to start sucking on his dick and he did as he was told. He started to kiss and lick the whole of the guy's dick, while they continued eating each other's lips in the mean time. Uncle started to suck on his dick while aunty kissed on the guy's stomach and chest.

Aunty came down towards uncle's forehead and gave him a nice kiss on it and her strong hand pushed his head inside of the dick to take it deeper. She started kissing the guy again while uncle was released from sucking him. The guy now came between her legs and started to fuck her.

He held her by the waist and started to go inside of her with some very powerful thrusts. Unlike uncle, he was very muscular so he treated aunty like a used tea bag. Aunty cried in obvious pain with him penetrating in her deeper and harder. She made uncle come to her boobs and made him kiss her nipples, while getting fucked harder by the very big shaft.

Uncle's lips were instantly covered with aunty's breast milk. I was continuously jerking off by the scenes. Aunty now came on her all fours and her very big ass faced the guy and he entered her from behind holding her hairs. Aunty made uncle come to her head and planted a very wet kiss on his lips, meanwhile the guy continued fucking her from behind. She continued to moan harder and still kissed uncle on the lips. The guy spanked on her ass while fucked her pussy harder.

He now got his dick out of her pussy, and started to dig it inside of her asshole. She cried in pain after he stretched her asshole to the farthest. The guy picked the pace after few small shoves inside of her and started to fuck her brutally. She was held by uncle tightly in his arms and the guy fucked her big ass.

After a minute of the anal show, aunty made uncle lie under her pussy with his mouth facing the guy's dick. He came directly inside his mouth and sent heaps of cum inside of him. All of them, including uncle laughed at the whole scene once they were done with it. Uncle lit up cigarettes for both the guy and aunty, while they were still naked. I didn't knew aunty was into smoking but the scene of her laid in the bed naked with a cigarette in her mouth was close to heaven.

Later on, Uncle got away to the bathroom, to get a mouth wash at the command of aunty. While the guy and aunty had some chat while still smoking cigarettes naked on the bed. The guy kissed aunty for a minute and got dressed to prepare to leave. I hid again in the room until he left the house.

I started to peek in again, once he was gone. This time the real couple got off to fuck each other. Aunty spread her legs for uncle while he took inside of her in the classic missionary position and kissed her lips. They fucked for some minutes and he came inside of her directly.

Aunty took uncle again in the same position to cuddle, wrapping her legs around his waist tightly from the behind and taking the power again in bed as they fell asleep. I just wandered, what a classic bitch my masi was. Later the night I jerked off very hard; thrice in successions such that my balls started to ache. It was a great night of eroticism.

I followed the same routine the next morning, peeping at them and then showering and dressing for the school. Aunty also came in, dressed up in her police uniform and dropped me to the school in her yellow rotating light SUV. She hugged me again and also gave me a nice kiss on the cheeks, maybe because of the night she spent previously. I was just so curious of the things to come.

(Next Part : How Sushant gets in uncle's league of slavery.) 

Aunty's Darker Side Exposed Ch. 02
byBriano82©

A Quick Recap: Sushant happens to stay with his aunty and uncle, where he learns about his aunty's darker side. The darker side of her by wearing the pants in their family, being the dominant partner in her relationship.

*************

It's been a week now since I'm living at my aunty's, and I have been peeping inside of their room through the window daily to watch the harem that is performed by my aunty on uncle.

It is the Sunday morning, I woke up following my alarm at 6:00 am and rushed to their room. I started peeping in and saw aunty holding uncle from behind tightly in her arms and they were still asleep naked. I wandered if she ever went to sleep clothed. As soon as the alarm pinged, little Ananya started crying harder after waking up from the alarm chaos. Hearing her crying, both uncle and aunty woke up, uncle rushed to the hammock for Ananya after aunty loosened her grip on him.

Uncle started to sing lullabies for her, after taking her in his arms and by constantly drooping her in it. Aunty watched all this by sitting on the bed with her legs folded, which showed all of her pussy. Uncle tried for more than five minutes, but he failed and finally Aunty stepped up herself and took Ananya in her arms. She pulled her head close to her boobs and placed her right nipple in her mouth and fed her.

Ananya started to take her breast milk and she got silent in less than a minute. Aunty didn't had a convincing look on her face while doing it. She sat on the edge of the bed. She spread her legs wide and pointed uncle to come between it. Uncle instead of kissing her pussy just fit his mouth on her clit. I just knew what was going happen next. Aunty pissed in his mouth while still feeding Ananya. My dick was so hard that it almost felt like coming out of the pants in no time.

Uncle was granted the permission to go and piss in the bathroom while she fed Ananya and made her go to sleep again. Uncle returned from the bathroom in the meantime. Aunty put some ear plugs in her ears and placed her back in the hammock carefully. Aunty was on her feet now without Ananya in her arms. As soon as uncle undid the door of the bathroom, Aunty grabbed him by his neck, her second hand grabbed his balls tightly.

She had a very strong grip and uncle just stayed glued on the wall for few seconds. Uncle was 6 feet and quite muscular, still he couldn't do much to his wife's femininity.

"How the fuck can you forget to place the earplugs last night?" She shouted on him.

"I'm sorry Anamika, I just couldn't remember of it!" He pleaded in a soft voice.

"What the fuck that means?" She started to slap his cheeks hard, making the grip tighter and tighter on his balls. I was shivering from these scenes as it was beyond my worst imagination. Uncle's cheeks were entirely red after aunty dropped close to 20 slaps on them. She pinched her nails in his balls while slapping him. I felt bad for him after he begged for mercy after each slap. Aunty was very furious at him.

She made him to get on the bed on his stomach and then bound him tightly there with his both the hands and legs spread. She put both his feet at two diagonal ends of the bed, making him stretch creepily. Uncle moaned as she took his legs to widen up. Aunty then took to the drawer and took out a large 8 inches butt plug from it and made it go deep inside of his asshole. She made it stay there, while went to the closet to get dressed in her leggings and sweatshirt.

As soon as she was about to wear the sweatshirt, I went off from the window to my room door then to shut it close, making a loud noise of it. Doing that I started to step on the stairs and aunty came out. I saw her locking the room from outside with the key and then placing the key inside of her sweatshirt. I just reacted to not have seen anything and continued to step downstairs.

As soon as she had a glimpse on me, she smiled with that brightest smile of her. I started to shiver with her every footsteps towards me. She came at my side quickly and put her hand on my waist while we started walking together.

"It looks like my sweet nephew son has now some serious good manners insitilled since coming at his masi's right?" She said it with a huge smile. I was still not over the glimpses of uncle's treatment and it took me five seconds to answer.

"Oh yeah yeah, I think Aunty's place has got sacred after my arrival, that is making these good things to happen, I guess!" She started laughing at my words and said, "so what was it before then?" She chuckled.

"Help yourself son!" I was in the heights of humor now and she pulled my cheeks hardly and said, "Naughtyyy, masi loves you so much beta!"

"I love you too masi only if you allow me to make the morning tea today." I giggled.

"Oh yeah yeah, help yourself son." We both started laughing hard and kissing on my cheeks she left for her fitness sessions.

She came back in 30 minutes while I had the tea done. I did went to check on uncle in between and he was still spread and bound in chains harder with the butt plug fit in his ass. I couldn't do anything for him as the room was locked, and even if it was unlocked I was still helpless. As soon as masi came back from the workout, she praised my good work and went to the room quickly by finishing my conversation early.

Aunty went through the stairs, with quick steps she left for the room, I followed her to the room. When I reached the window I found her unbounding uncle from the bed. He was just left with his right hand, which she did quickly. She then unclamped the chains from the bed sides and put it back in the closet. She took the butt plug out from his asshole and put it back as well, his ass crack was spread much widely due to the big sized dildo in it. She made uncle sit on the edge of the bed.

Aunty undid her leggings and also the sweatshirt while uncle was still on the edge. I saw his cheek very red from the slaps he received from aunty's hard palm. Aunty settled herself naked on his lap and dangling her feet on both the sides of his hips, she held uncle by the chin.

"Why do you involve yourself in such absurd wrong doings baby?" Saying that she kissed his forehead.

"I'm sorry Anamika, it won't happen again." Uncle pleaded again.

"It's okay baby, now let me repay for my wrong doings, don't you dare make a noise or you may receive a replay." Saying that she started kissing on his both the cheeks and continued to do it until it reached to a counting close to 20. I thought she counted on her slaps at the first place. She made uncle get on his back while held his already hard dick in her hand, and took it inside of her pussy.

Aunty started to ride his dick harder while uncle moaned in light sound. She kissed on his lips and embraced on it for a while. She kissed and bite on his neck. She returned to eat his lips. She was pushing her hips downwards to push his all 7 inched cock inside of her. After few minutes of more fucking uncle leaked cum from his dick and wet all of her pussy and his own thigh.

Aunty made his head get inside of her pussy, he licked her clean in a few minutes. Both of them left for shower together, I went back to the kitchen to serve the tea for myself with a smile. I started to enjoy their relationship now. I took the bath myself; I was out at the same time with aunty from the room.

Aunty was dressed differently today, she had a skin tight white kurti at the top which showed-off all of her curves from the bust to the belly ending at the hips. She had black leggings at the bottom which showed off her brief hot thighs. My aunt was nether a BBW nor a proper cougar, she was there somewhere at the between promoting perfection. She walked towards me, her tight boobs bounced inside her kurti with each step.

"So, is the tea ready son?" She inquired

"Oh, yes masi, just when you order and it would be on your table." I said. "Can I ask something more?"

"Sure beta, go on!"

"What is the reason behind your dressing masi?" I got scarlet on my cheeks while asking this.

"Oh this, we are expecting a guest this afternoon!" Saying this she seemed to remember something and she added, "You get the tea ready on table Sush, We would be downwards in minutes." Saying that she left for the room and locked it from inside. I went to the window and found out uncle doing Ananya's diaper while aunty was saying him something.

While getting her diaper done she put the asleep Ananya aside and then bent him on his knees on the bed with his pants pulled down. Aunty went to the closet to get the same butt plug out, forced it inside of his asshole saying

"Atleast, you should be punished with something for the day, baby!" Uncle moaned a little but took it with grace. Aunty kissed his ass cheeks while pulled his underwear and pants up again. I rushed to the kitchen and got the tea served in cups on the table. Uncle came and sat on the table to have the tea. I noticed him adjusting positions in th chain, which I knew why. Aunty came to the table and said,

"Sush, beta you are not allowed to have the tea until you clean the kitchen counter!" Her strict voice made me start shiver from inside and with my head down, I went to the kitchen to clean the counter. I came back on the table in five minutes. I saw uncle and aunty waiting for me to come and didn't took a sip.

Aunty patted on my ass softly, kissed me again on the cheeks for my good job. She always treated me like a child but she didn't knew I had a dick size even to her husband's. We had the tea done in some time while I was sent on the couch with little Ananya. Uncle and aunty were both making the lunch for the guests in the kitchen, and both had quite a playful time together.

Aunty sometimes patted between his ass, while uncle also kissed her shoulders in return. I again acted like seen nothing. I had fun with Ananya in the meantime. She was just as cute and fair as my aunty. Finally the clock tick at 12 and the door bell rang.

There were two couples as the guest, and aunty and uncle hugged them in, welcomed them in the house. I placed a normal handshake, greet them in. Aunty and uncle sat on the couch to chat with them. I took all the serving duties on my own shoulders. Aunty and uncle had a few conversations with the guests for half an hours while I served the lunch to all of the couples including them. They had a good lunch talking and giggling. I ate in the kitchen while they did it at the table.

I was then invited to the couch for a conversation.

"So what do you study mate, Engineering?" One of the males asked

"No Sir, I'm in 12th standard, science."

"Oh wow he is a science student, let us get a bit scientific here." One of the lady of the group conveyed with a monstrous laugh.

Aunty laughed on their enthusiasm and had a look of confidence in her eyes. One of the lady started, "So what is the gravitational force formula son?" one of them started. "Sorry?" I was totally staggered by their question as I didn't see that coming.

"Yeah son, you heard me!"

"Umm is it gravitational constant. And the product of it divided by square of radius?" I said as much as I knew!

"Oh wow too intimidating son." The other lady clapped. "Now this, what do you mean by viscosity?" She fired an acute one now and I didn't knew this.

"I don't know aunty!" Everybody laughed after hearing aunty coming from my mouth, including my own aunty."

"Oh haha aunty, now this, How do you describe resonance?" I stayed mum for a minute but then they probed yet another technical stuff and I didn't had idea about it as well.

One of the lady mocked aunty by saying, "Oh yeah you really have a clever nephew as you used to say Anamika!" Saying that they all laughed at aunty and she was left speechless. The rest of the time they spent joking off while they left before the sunset.

Aunty didn't had a pleasing look in her eyes as they went off. Uncle saw her anger; He went to the kitchen to get a glass of water for her and he offered the water to her. She held the glass and threw it away which resulted in half of the hall tiles wet and also the vitreous glass broke to pieces.

"Did I asked for water?" She yelled angrily at uncle. Her yelling was so loud that it could be heard from 3 houses away.

"I'm sorry Anamika, I would get it cleaned." Uncle started to take his footsteps towards the broken pieces.

"Stop!" Aunty commanded uncle. "Just go back to the room Anmol, Sush is the one who is going to clean it, not you!"

I was already shivering due to fear, and aunty made it get worst there by saying this. Uncle didn't dared say a word in return and he instantly left for the room.

"Now get the room cleaned in 10 minutes Sush and meet me in your room afterwards." She was just trying to hold her anger back.

"Okay aunty, I will!" I couldn't manage to say anything else.

"And remember no more than 10 minutes or you are liable for retribution then son."

Saying that she left. I was freaked out by her words and instantly started to clean the room and picked all the pieces together and placed it in the dustbin. I was 3 minutes late, but still my shivering feet ran towards the stairs and then into the room. Aunty was in the chair with her one leg stretched over the other. "Have a seat beta!" She pointed towards the edge of the bed millimeter away from her. I sat at the part where she commanded.

"Yes aunty, what's wrong?" I inquired.

"First and foremost, why are you here 3 minutes late?" She started on a very low voice.

"There was a lot of work there masi, things picked the pace not the way I expected." I gave my clarification.

"Oh that's a good thing that you had it all done son, but you are deserving of a punishment son." She said.

"What punishment aunty?" I started shivering again.

"Strip yourself son!" She said.

"What?" I was totally stunned by what I heard.

"I said strip off son, no more questions." She raised her eyebrows while saying this that gave her sense of seriousness. I quickly stripped to my underwear and stood there for a second. Aunty was not bating an eye to what was going on, looked constantly at the floor. As soon as she took her head up, she took out the leather belt wrapped in my pants and dropped it hardly on my thighs,

"Don't you understand by being naked you little worm?" She yelled at me now.

"But aunty?" Before I can spit out a word, she dropped another two on my thighs. It sting like someone piercing a needle in my back thighs. I took out the underwear and then there I was, 18-19 years old teenager standing with his erect dick in front of his own 35-36 aunty. I was embarrassed but aunty was unmoved.

"You are supposed to stay like this for whole two hours and would do every work that I ask for. This is not the part of punishment, only being naked was. I added the work because it was you who added the twist by not exactly doing what I asked for. Your uncle won't be knowing about your situation as he would be there in the room till dinner, but I may assign you tasks for the garden area." She fired it all on me. I was listening to it with my growing heartbeats in succession to her stern cruel words.

"Now to get through there is your headache son, you embarrassed me high time today, I cannot let any of it get repeated, so I'm here 'Your very lovely aunt' to train you. This is just the first part of your training son. Now get to the door in 10 minutes, a pizza delivery is underway." She said all this in a go.

"But aunty, like this?" She grabbed me by my cock and pulled me closer. She started to hit on my very bare thighs with the belt again, it went red from the impact of the belt.

"Are you still interested in questions son?" My thigh hurt so bad that I was left in no state to talk and I just left with some difficulty in walking.

The doorbell rang in few minutes; I started shivering again from the consequences that would occur now. I peeped through the key hole, it was a male. I took a long deep breathe and opened half of the door. The pizza boy was stunned seeing me naked but I just tried to make his amazement go away by pulling out the best in my bag, "Oh man, such a woeful timing especially for a Sunday evening when you are in the state of honeymoon."

I tried my best to act normal and the pizza boy laughed. "Oh yes, even I would have hated you if we were at invert places, and believe me I didn't saw anything though I have a bigger one."

We laughed loudly till he turned around to leave. I took the pizza boxes in while shut the door close. I released a huge sigh of relief as the situation was well taken. I took one box of the pizza to her as she ordered afterwards.

As soon as I opened the door, I found her with her legs spread widely on the bed. She was on her back slept on the bed.

"Oh wow look who is here again?" She pulled me by naked waist between her legs and held me there. She kissed my cheeks and said, "finally my superman nephew did it, was it very hard son?" She inquired.

"No masi just a bit embarrassing." I pleaded for mercy now in a sad tone.

"Oh yeah, it's the mainstream shit, son, don't worry. You won't be embarrassed as much as I got."

I was again shivering because I felt something coming. Aunty took the box to her and asked me for a foot massage, while she started having her pizza. I started to go mild under the knees. Aunty had a really firm set of calves, which I purposely grabbed many a times.

Aunty was still having her pizza, "Come upwards son!" I made my way to her thighs, and it felt like the most beautiful thing in the world. As I started to grab her thigh muscle, I instantly had a hard on. I was helpless to hide it but I had to keep going.

Aunty noticed it once but didn't say a word about it instead she said, "Would you like to have some son?" I could not resist from her offer and answered.

"Sure aunty!" Hearing me, she dropped all of the cheese cream from the pizza on her thighs and said, "now eat it down son." I looked towards her, but before I can speak anything she crawled her hands towards the belt and I was dropped on my face, trying to lick all of the cheese spread from her leggings. I got an even worst hard-on now.

She noticed that but didn't reacted. She put the pizza peace just between her boobs and asked me to get it and also ordered to not to use my hands or touch her boobs in any manner. I took my head between her boobs; I started to get peaces between my lips and teeth. I held a grip of the pizza from my teeth and pulled it out of her boobs and ate on it like a dog after dropping on the bed.

"I think my leggings are a bit dirty son, just get it cleaned and hang it for getting dried in the garden area. Do it in 20 minutes son, while I take something to put on from your closet. My clothes are everywhere." I was left with no choice, so I held her leggings by the waist and slide it down, exposing her very lovely legs and ass crack. I touched her ass in the process a bit, which felt beautiful.

I rushed to clean the leggings, I drowned just my head to check outside the door for anybody's presence in the nearby, to step outside. I had some very quick feet to go outside. When hanging it on one of the ropes, I found a teenage girl walking by the fences. I hide myself instantly behind the rose plant which resulted in bruising some part of my hips. I was in much pain now but still I managed to get it hanged for drying and went inside without getting caught.

Aunty checked on my condition and she quickly put some ointment on the cut portion of my hip after getting me laid on her lap, I felt like a 3 years old. Despite of the pain involved, I loved the feeling of her touch on my bare skin. For my good fortune, the two hours got over and I was finally allowed to get dressed. Aunty was still in the room when I was putting my clothes on. She was watching me from the bed with some curious eyes, while I was getting dressed.'

Once I was dressed, she left the bed and made an approach towards me. I was already shivering, when she stood facing me. She was just 2 inches shorter than me which didn't even count, due to her body structure way too muscular than mine. She held me from my waist and pulled me closer and said,

"Just because you are getting to dressed, doesn't means you are in any less trouble son. Just because it is a Sunday, I'm allowing you to have a normal night. Starting from tommorow till the day you are here, you would be in my custody. I would be the one to decide your initiations in any activity. You can still have a night out and social life like the other teenagers, but for that you would have to satisfy me, which is no easy if seen from a normal prospective. So be ready son." She said all of this in a go.

"But aunty?"

"You should have thought about this before humiliating me son." She held me so tight in her arms that my bones heard the cracking sound of cavitation. I couldn't say a word after it and aunty let me go. She kissed my cheeks and left.

Aunty entered her room and my legs were still shivering by what just happened, but I still had some anxiety about tonight. Gathering all of the courage I had, I proceeded towards aunty's room with my shivering feet. I couldn't see aunty inside but there was again a sight of disgust. There was uncle on his all fours, with his legs secured tightly in ropes from both the ends of the bed. I saw some reddish skin above his feet, which explained the durability of the bondage, as he must be tied for much longer now.

As soon as I could start thinking, aunty was visible finally with a strap on dildo on her waist that was decorated with moulded testicles in its base. It was tan colored that almost looked like the second skin i.e. like a real penis. Aunty was topless, with her boobs exposed in its full along with her well shapped belly. She had the dildo on her leggings that covered her iron thighs and muscular calves. I got a boner and goosebumps on the follow up due to her elegant goddess avatar.

Aunty had a bottle of some liquid with a pouring cap on the top. She used some of the drops on her dildo while placed the pourer on the top of his butt crack, that made the liquid to flow in just the channel of his butt crack, wetting the entire region in the way. She held his ass cheeks and squeezed it lightly, leaving her nail marks on them. She held her hands on his ass crack and helped the liquid to get more in its asshole and the region around it. She entered her thumb head inside of it horizontally and made the hole to extend its size.

Aunty aimed the 10 inched dildo to his ass hole and entered in the extended size. After fitting it inside, she made her thumb out and held his waist tightly. She started to fuck his ass with more impulsion. Uncle moaned in obvious pain, while she continued shoving inside of him. Aunty got a grip of his cock, and stroked it while penetrating inside of him. Uncle was edged constantly for 10 minutes, followed by some rock hard thrusts inside of his anus by aunty's dildo.

Uncle was crying in pain once she stepped back from the edge of the bed. His anus was widen from the normal due to the abuse it took. Aunty was fully covered with sweat all over her neck and forehead and the frontal region. She still looked mesmerizing with the sweat on her face. She undid his hands and legs from the ropes, and asked him to leave the bed. Aunty had red marks in the rope loops on his skin after getting unbounded.

Aunty sat in the kneeling chair, while uncle stood before her. She placed her back and spread her body on it, kneeling from her back; asked uncle to come upon her. Uncle looked humiliated but still sat on his wife's lap and hanged his legs on both the sides of her hips, ready to ride. The scene explained about who wore the pants in the family. Aunty was a much muscular lady, due to which uncle looked no bizarre on her lap.

Aunty held uncle from his waist and kept kissing him for more than a minute, before making him sit on her strap on and made it get inside of his anus. Once inside, aunty made uncle to ride on her lap while she kissed his neck and chest by pulling him towards her face. With each jump uncle took on her lap, aunty's boobs bounced and waved. I was getting the side view of the scene, it was getting hotter and hotter with each passing minute. She squeezed uncle's ass and drop it on her waist to fuck with more impact.

Aunty left his waist alone, while held his penis from both her hands. She started jerking him off, and uncle had total discomfort on his face. Within seconds, he came with loads of jet of cum. All of the cum dirtied aunty from the front by getting on her chin,boobs and also on her stomach. She smiled with the scene, and uncle continued to ride in the usual pace. She stopped fucking him and removed the dildo from his anus. She brought him closer to her face and planted a wet kiss on it. She kissed him harder for some seconds, before pushing his head towards her chin to clean the cum. She forced his cheek more downwards, on her boob to get it cleaned, and then finally her stomach.

Uncle was allowed to get on his feet. She left the seat to kiss his cheek, and sent him to the bathroom to get the mouthwash. She then wiped the dildo clean and got it off from her leggings and then her leggings as well. She took a well ironed jogger out of her closet but didn't put it on. She put on a loose T-shirt, and got on the chair again just in her panties at the bottom, while uncle was back in the meantime. Aunty placed a cushion on the floor just before her bare legs.

Uncle got dressed in shorts quickly and lit up the pipe for aunty after putting it in her mouth. A pipe always belongs to the one that wears the pants in the family, and it was no different here. I always thought that the pipe belonged to uncle but it went the other way. He was very well trained in his slave life that he needed no instructions.

Aunty took a file out of the drawer at the side and started to read it and continued to smoke. Uncle sat on the cushion at the floor and started to slide the panties out of aunty's hips and undid it completely. She spread her legs, while completely ignored uncle as she was more focused in the paper and continued with the puffs on her pipe. Uncle started to lick her pussy, and continued to do so until she told him to stop in between and lay his head on her thigh, when making calls to some of her police colleagues regarding some case studying.

She took her focus away only at orgasms that came thrice in twenty minutes. She released some mild farts in between, on his face. She was done with couple of files in the meantime. My knees started to hurt, so I decided to go back in the hall room to have some past time by television. I was rock hard and I jerked off in my bedroom before going to the hall. I was placed lazily on the couch, with some music on television.

After few minutes, I saw uncle coming downstairs. I planted myself in normal as I have always feared uncle's presence since the very beginning, it was whom I loved the most regardless of it is the other way now. I smiled at uncle and he smiled back in hurry and rushed to the kitchen, and took out the Johnny Walker double scotch from the fridge, he took it with him to the room. Aunty was done with a dozen of files now in the hour mark and uncle was getting the pegs ready in two glasses as I peeked in again from the window.

Aunty did one more file and then went on to take the glass of wine. Uncle also took the one for himself, and then they talked for some minutes about the household groceries and some related to aunty's work while they enjoyed their glasses of wine. Uncle was still on the floor at her thighs while Aunty told uncle about some of the criminal activities, some encounters as well that were committed by her colleagues and the husband wife talk went on. I was just about to leave before aunty left her seat with her nude ass hanging below the T-shirt.

Uncle was still on the floor, his head was mounted by aunty's big hips. I knew she was pissing inside of his mouth, and uncle took it with all the comfort in ashes. Uncle went on to bathroom while aunty took her panties and then the trouser on. She started heading to the door, and I prepared to escape from the scene. I ran for my life but only got to the room door before she was out.

"Oh my son is just out with aunty from his room." She called me out.

"Yes aunty, that is just a coincidence!" I sounded clumsy, but that was gone unnoticed because of the smile I managed to keep.

"And leaving the television on while you are here, cannot be a coincidence, right son?" She inquired about my presence.

"I went to use the loo, aunty!" I cleared the air with a lie.

"It's okay then son, you saved your ass!" She laughed out loud on this with me in the follow up. It was 9 in the night. I was hungry, but didn't knew how to say this to my aunty. Aunty came near to me, wrapped her hand on my waist, right where I got the cut earlier.

"How is it now son?" She questioned with the utmost care.

"Since you massaged it off, it has gone masi. I am sorry again for what happened earlier." I pleaded for escape.

"Save it for later, son!" Saying that she made me to come downstairs.

"We would have pizza ordered again tonight, and I want you take it from the door, son."

Hearing that my mind just reflected to what happened some hours before. I reacted in more of a pungent manner, "Am I?"

"Oh don't worry you would be dressed this time out son." She laughed on it loudly. Uncle was down with baby Ananya, who was afterwards carried by aunty, then I also played with her. The clock went past 9:30, while we heard the door bell ring. I opened it to the pizza delivery body to get the pizza. Aunty asked me to place it on the dining table, while uncle served all of us in the plates. We had some nice chit chat about my mom followed by my sister in the USA and how I should follow them.

I didn't liked the topic but still nodded as I didn't wanted to disappoint her more. Uncle did the dishes; by 10:15, he was sent to the room with Ananya. I knew what would happen next in few minutes, I was much curious about it. Aunty now sat closer to me, once uncle was gone.

"What did you saw of your aunty today son?" I was really tricked into her hypnotic eyes but I managed to keep myself still.

"I saw your anger and also some of your lovely side when you massaged me aunty." I said.

"Not that son, body?" She now was being more specific now.

"I saw you in panties masi, and also your tender legs." I said in a low voice.

"Didn't that turned you on?"

"Yes it did aunty." I was getting tricked into hypnosis.

"Would you like to fuck your aunty, beta?" She came diving like a shark now.

"I would aunty, you are a beautiful and a hot woman!" I said, falling in her attraction.

"Come to the room in a minute, then!" Saying that she left. I was just clueless about the conversation that happened few seconds ago, Aunty went off.

On her way to the room, she locked my room with a key. She opened the door, got inside. I was rock hard with what aunty just said. I just decided to follow her in the room with light feet, as I also waited for the minute to pass. After the minute, I undid the room door; I found Uncle blindfolded on the bed side. Aunty was there at the edge of the bed with the sexiest look in her eyes.

My legs were shivering to go near to her, she kept her index finger on her lip to order me to stay mum. She called me in the room, I went to her. She left the bed side and walked to me, and held me in her tight arms. She started to plant her lips on mine, I accepted her willingly. As she came closer I started to feel her breathe. I turned my head sideways to get my nose diagonally touch hers from the side and our lips touched in the meantime.

I placed my lips on her and started kissing her upper lips. She went further by kissing my lower one and went on. She placed my hands on her ass, and I fitted my hands on her cheeks. My palms were smaller to get a grip on her ass, but I managed to press the whole of it in some parts through her trousers. She slide my shorts from my waist, and kissed my lips.

I also proceeded to slide her trousers out of her waist, and she didn't stopped me from doing so. I slid her trousers down her bottom, and pressed her big ass through her panties. She pulled my underwear down while held my hard boner. We licked out tongues of each other while I pressed her ass through her panties. I took out her T-shirt, we embraced each other's lips. I kissed her hungrily for more than 15 minutes now and then went to her neck.

I found it hard to move her body by my strength. I kissed her neck while removed the panties out of her waist, leaving her totally naked. She took my T-shirt out as well, and both of us stood naked against each other, holding ourselves by the waists. Aunty held my dick and made me to get closer to uncle. She held uncle's head to draw it closer to my dick. I pleaded to aunty to not to do it, but she didn't considered my request.

Aunty pushed his head towards my cock, hence shifted my cock inside of his mouth. She ordered him to give me the sucking of my life and he went on doing it harder and harder. Aunty hugged me from behind and covered my mouth to stop the moans from coming out. She kissed me on my neck, while her hard nipples bruised my back. I found my body hided inside of her muscular body after she stick it with mine as she was much at the broader side.

Uncle was released then after a minute and I tried not to cum in that time. Aunty had now edged me very well, and I didn't even came to know. She pulled me to bed; She started eating my lips in an instance. I turned her on her back to take the top. I went on to kiss her neck, then her boobs. I kissed on her boob, covered her nipple with my mouth.

I sucked on her boobs; I felt a little milk coming out, I couldn't leave this opportunity. I continued to suck on her nipples, I had some large sips of aunty's breast milk. It was warm and sweet, the sweetest milk I could ever taste in my life. Aunty had her eyes closed with a smile on her lips. She knew what was going on. I moved down to her belly and bite on the sideways which left aunty to moan in pleasure.

I left some teeth marks on it which was then appreciated by her when she kissed me for another good minute. Aunty got on all fours and asked me to enter her from behind. Though I was not a virgin, it all felt like my first time. I entered my dick inside of her from behind, before I can moan, aunty placed two of her fingers inside of my mouth. I sucked on her fingers while went roughly inside of her. She cried out in pain with my hard throbbing inside. Uncle was on the floor on his knees with his head facing the floor as he listened to all of it.

I kissed her fingers, then the whole of her hands, followed by her hairy underarms and put a halt to the fucking. I kissed on all of her muscular bare back and licked her ass in its whole. While getting to her ass, I found its size being double of my entire head. I started to explore my tongue from the top of her ass crack to the very bottom of it which ended at the pussy. I bite on her ass cheeks, and left some marks there as well.

I kissed her thighs, went to fuck her again. I inserted my dick again, now in the missionary position and started to fuck her with her legs wide. I fucked her senselessly while she put her fingers in my mouth to stop me from moaning. I sucked on her fingers while she held my ass from the other hand to make me come inside harder. I told her that I was about to come, when she came for the fourth time in half an hour.

She held my dick closer to uncle's face with his mouth open. She held my dick and stroked on it harder for the jet propulsion right on his face, in no time uncle's face and tongue was covered with my young seeds. She covered my mouth fully with her palm to stop the moans from coming out. I felt bad for the poor guy but I was getting pleasured so I didn't bated much.

I hugged aunty's big body in pleasure and she hugged me back. She took me out of the room naked while I thought what was going to happen next. Kissing my lips again at the door she said, "now that I have done so much for your amusement, you have to do your share son. Before I wake up, I want you to clean the hall, the kitchen and the garden. And yes, you are not getting your clothes back from inside son. Sleep well." Aunty kissed me for the final time and left.

I was tricked into hypnosis for real now and I had to do as told. I still peeped inside the room, uncle was getting pleasured by aunty with spit dropping smooches on his lips. They fucked for a while afterwards and fell asleep with aunty holding uncle in her arms. I also went to sleep naked in the hallway.

I woke up early in the morning before anyone was up. I started to clean the garden outside, there was some cold outside but that encouraged me to go quickly with the chores. I took another half hour to clean the house, while it was aunty's time to wake up. I was tired but still went to peep inside. Aunty pissed in him and also kissed him to a good morning. She found me in the hallway, when she was about to leave for the jog.

I was still wondering what happened last night when I fucked her. Aunty explored the entire house, and finally came with the report.

"Just not bad for a starter, though some corners are left dusty, but I would ensure your perfection with the disciplining later on. For the meantime take this." She handed me my room key with a smile. I was still naked and my clothes were laying outside of my doorsteps.

"Just run son before anyone catches you naked." I was brought back to senses that I was naked. I went on to climb the stairs. When I was three steps away, she cried out loudly,

"Anmol baby",

Hearing that, I ran to the door to unlock it but failed to do it as it was not the key to it. Aunty started laughing after watching me getting freaked out to death.

"Don't worry beta, he is drowned to sleep with his ear plugs on, but who knows, if this might turn to reality some day?" Saying that, she threw the key at me and I caught it.

"Get the tea prepared son, you are getting quite good at it." She left after ordering me. I felt very awkward but without giving much second thought, I decided to go with the flow.

I jerked off in the shower while got dressed in my school uniform as quickly as possible. I went to the kitchen to get the tea prepared, and I was done with it before aunty got home. She was impressed by my work and kissed me on the cheeks. Before starting to leave for the room. She made her way back from the stairs with her sweat covered body.

"I felt you kissing my underarms last night son, was it for real?"

"Yes masi, I did." I said with my head down on the floor.

"Care to do it again son?" She said with the sweetest tone possible.

"As you wish, masi!" I felt like yelling a no but her powerful presence made me do the impossible. I went to her sweaty body and kissed on her underarms as she raised her arms. It felt pathetic but I did it willingly on her order or request, I still didn't knew. She kissed my side head and left for her room. I gulped down heaps of sugar to make the taste go away, once she was gone. I still loved my aunty for whatever she did, it was all very wonderful.

I didn't went to peep inside because I knew uncle would get to taste the worst now, her piss and I could not see that. She was downstairs in half an hour, dressed in her uniform. She salute me with a smile and I saluted her back. We had the tea and then she got off to drop me to school. The drive was silently drawn, as I was in no state to speak anything. She opened the doors for me once we reached school.

She kissed me on my cheeks and said, "I will see you later son, and don't worry, aunty is going to take your utmost care." Aunty held my waist very tight and everyone around looked at me with amazement being in a curvy policewoman's arms. Now till this time everybody knew I was the nephew of 'The only female D.I.G. of the state'. Their looks didn't affect me anymore and I got inside the gate once she set me free.

She handed me the house keys and got on the wheels of the rotating light SUV again and left. I was just a little scared about the things to come but decided to take all of it with all the gallant deeds.

It was a Monday and I got home at 3:00 pm from the school. I found masi's car already in the lawn as she has been having half day on Mondays by some unusual government rules. I came out from the cab in the lawn, there were three couples in it, holding each others' hands, I didn't recognized any of them.

Aunty knew my schedule but still didn't made any approach to pick me up. I was still unclear of the things. I unlocked the door as I was given the keys already. I got inside and there was this same guy from couple of nights before that made love with aunty on the couch. As soon as I turned my head upwards, I found aunty coming downstairs.

Aunty was in a red velvet Saree and a sleeveless V neck lace blouse that showed half of her boobs. Her pallu only covered her belly button, while bared the rest of the belly. She put on a silver waist chain around her low brief waist skin. She had her hairs dried beautifully unlike the normal back head puff that she keeps in the uniform. As she came downstairs, the guy went forward to attend her by holding her hands. They hugged and gave each other a peck on the lips. The guy located her hands on her bare belly and push her closer, aunty returned the favour to him.

Aunty rolled her eyes towards me with a smile, "This is Rajiv and Rajiv this is my nephew Sushant." Hearing that the guy offered me a formal handshake and I replied gently to it. The guy handled her waist tightly in his hands while they talked,

"Should we leave honey?"

"Yes sure babe, Sushant dear if you need anything then just order it for the dinner, Aunty would be home late. Ananya is gone to your grandma's house in the morning so don't worry about her." Saying that she kissed me on the cheeks and the guy took her out. After they were out of the door, I saw Rajiv introducing Aunty to all the couples there. Aunty placed a light hug in each of their arms while planted a smooch on the Rajiv's lips. He returned by grabbing her ass, and they placed themselves in the Mercedes of Rajiv. All of the couples were gone away in their own imported ones.

I went to check on uncle and I found him asleep in the bed with the sheets on. He looked in quite peace lately. I entered my room and changed myself to some loose wears. I was still thinking of the guy's relationship with her. As I turned the door around , I found a huge paper on the wall behind with some kind of timetable on it. It said,

Monday - Allotment

Tuesday - House bitch

Wednesday - Oral day

Thursday - Reporting

Friday - Corrections

Saturday - Punishments.

At the very bottom of it, there was a another paper which had written, "You have been alloted your chapters. Get ready with all of it on the reporting day son. Aunty is your teacher, and your sole owner from now on. Love aunty!"

And there was my physics book with some 3 chapter tick marked in it. I just knew now what I had to do. I also found a pen drive on my desk which I quickly plugged in my laptop. It had a folder with some 90+ videos named as 'February - Monday - 1, February - Monday - 2, 3, 4'; 'March - Monday 1, 2, 3, 4' 'April - Mondays' etc. As it was ongoing November and the first Monday of it, I went through the November - Monday - 1.

It started off with aunty holding the camera and rotating it towards her entire tight shining black spandex covered body. It was 1:20:33 pm in the camera, two hours before my school leaving time. She was in the tight spandex that showed her greater curves from her round boobs to the very slim belly to her sloppy hips to her very broad thighs and ending on her full calves. Her well muscular 40 inched ass was coming out of the spandex that complimented her hotness, my aunt was perfect, just perfect. I got a hard-on immediately after her glimpses.

She moved ahead and took the camera to my uncle who was in chains. His both wrists were secured in chains, which were drilled on both the side of the wall of their room. Little Ananya was no where in the scene. As the video went ahead, Aunty handled a leather whip in her right hand and started beating the shit out of uncle's bare ass. She inflicted 40+ whips on his bare ass leaving it completely red bruised.

The video started to a new scene in which the clock exceeded to 20 minutes. Uncle was made to stand in the corner and aunty came from a riding cane this time out and started to drop it hardly on his red bruised bare ass. She yelled at every of the uncle's mistake in the week which had me with a clear idea about the punishment. The video exceeded to twenty more minutes and there was uncle placed on the bed.

Aunty took the small bottle of Diazepam (The sleeping chemical) dose and filled it in the syringe. After then, she rubbed his already welt covered ass cheek with the cotton fibre after dipping it into the cold liquid and directed the syringe in him. Uncle exhaled air from his mouth in pain, after she injected the syringe in his whipped loose ass skin.

Aunty was a bio student so she knew very well about the usage of chemicals. Uncle went to sleep in the same position as I saw him few minutes ago out of the video, instantly after she injected in him. She kissed his forehead and by doing the sheets on him, made him drown to sleep. I found other videos in the folder that dictated same kind of treatment on uncle. I was freaked out totally by these tapes.

I found another pen drive at the table side, and I inserted it in the laptop as well. It was named as 'Sushant' and the only folder inside showed 'Punishment'. In the folder there was yet another folder of November - Saturday -1. I looked at the timetable and gazed at 'Saturday - punishments', I pissed out of fear and wet my underwear. I changed and cleaned myself and doing that, I rushed to get the chapters done because I didn't wanted things to turn any brutal between me and aunty on Saturdays. But still I didn't knew what I might have coming?

(Next part: How Sushant's life as a slave to his aunty gets to the next step!)

Aunty's Darker Side Exposed Ch. 03
byBriano82©

A quick recap: Sushant gets the revelations about his aunty's different tiered dominant natures. Sushant's aunty doesn't comes to know about his knowledge on her female led relationship with her husband but still manages to turn him into her slave when Sushant's interest started to fade away from his academics and studies. Aunty is also seen with some of her dominant instincts as a cop.

Taking peg out of the reputation I built of Aunty in the previous two chapters, this has some more explicitly disturbing scenes. You are recommended to not to go through the story if you get repulsive towards any tough hearted scene. This is fun till the end but you might find things inappropriate in between. Thank you!

* * * * * *

Aunty was home late in the night and I went to sleep right after she was arrived. I was much tired after studying for the entire day. Aunty's domination was getting in my head now.

As soon as the clock hit 6, I heard the alarm ringing. I was very freaked out to go to the window, but managed to get there after gulping down my fear under the throat. I was there 10 minutes late.

Aunty had uncle between her ass, worshiping it in the wettest manner possible. She was placed in the bed on all fours, while uncle was drowned in her ass from behind. She held his head and pushed it inside of her ass. After few minutes of licking, she made uncle lie on his knees to mount on him and piss inside his mouth.

Doing that, she started to get dressed for the jog while I moved to my room to run away from the jeopardy of getting caught. Aunty knocked on my room door after getting at it. I started shivering as soon as I heard the knock on the door.

I managed to go through the door and open it for aunty. She was there standing tall at the door steps with her 5'9 structure in her black adidas leggings. My head was facing the floor and she entered the room. Her reactions changed as she saw all of the books messing the table at the side of the room. She smiled a little.

"Good morning beta!" She started with a smile and took her hand on my waist.

"Good morning masi!" I tried to step back.

"Did my nephew slept well?" She started to come forward.

"Tried to, aunty!" I still faced the floor and was still shivering lightly.

"Could you please read that time table out for me loudly son?" She slide her hand and placed it just above my ass and came more forward.

I managed to take my head upwards and my eyes at the back of the door. I started to read that out,

"Monday - Allotment

Tuesday - House bitch

Wednesday - Oral day

Thursday - Reporting

Friday - Corrections

Saturday - Punishments."

"Lovely!" She tapped at the top of my ass with appreciation. "Now tell me son, what day is it today?" She added.

"Tuesday, aunty!" I answered.

"So according to the list umm... you would be a house bitch today son." Saying that she came closest to me and grabbed my inner waist tightly, her tight boobs from the T-shirt bruised my chest, I could feel my index finger's tip sized nipples of hers on my chest. I was freaked out by her gesture. My heart beated at the very worst.

"I feel very shameful right now aunty, some distance would be appreciated." I began to defend my credibility.

"I was the first to carry you in the arms when you came to this world out of your mother, son. You fucked your darling aunty two nights ago. So don't I hold the possession to even hold you in my arms now?" She spoke softly. I didn't said anything in return but just went with the flow.

"Can you do me a favour son?" She killed the silence.

"Yes aunty." I was frightened to a very low voice.

Taking her hand away from my waist she turned around. I faced her back, her open wavy black hairs were just before my eyes.

"Would you care to tie your aunty's mess on the head, son?" Handling the rubber band to me, she said.

"Sure aunty." I started to adjust her hairs.

As soon as she turned around to make her hairs face me, her ass hit my dick and was now lying on a safe distance from my dick. Aunty didn't liked the distance and she came a step back to make my dick touch her fleshy ass through her leggings. I had an erection in an instance.

She fit my erect dick into her butt crack through the pants and started rubbing her ass on it. I started to get total discomfort, while continued to tie her hairs. I finished tieng her hairs to a low looped bun. Aunty teased me very well in this less than a minute. I felt some pre-cum on my tip.

She turned around again to place her one hand properly on my ass with the other one on the cheek, pulling me closer. I felt her nipples touching my chest. She came more closer and kissed me lightly on both the cheeks. She squeezed my ass into her palms.

"I have such a proud nephew, who is good at almost everything. He is just not good at some things and those would be fixed by aunty. Prepare the tea for the morning son, while aunty return from the little jog and workout. Your uncle is securely placed in his room, so you should be out of concerned of him catching you red handed."

"You start to trust your aunty from today onwards son. You are the house bitch for this day, that means to do all the chores of the house. I would still allow you some time-off in your school time, but you need to continue working till night after coming back from school. As far as your study time is concerned, you have to help yourself on your own." She threw all of it on me with ease. She continued to squeeze my ass in her palms couple of times when saying this.

I had a hard time saying anything in return after hearing all that from aunty. I stayed mum in her arms for one long minute. I gulped down the spit from my throat and said,

"Okay aunty I would start from here onwards." I tried to free myself from her hold and she kept her grip still, "Not this easy son. You are expected to keep yourself out of the clothes, then only you would be able to value quality chores. You would do all the cleanings today from the curtains to the sheets and also wiping away the dry leaves of the garden."

"Here is a robe for the emergencies such as going to clean the garden or when you have a visitor to attend, but remember 'ONLY FOR EMERGENCIES'." saying that she handed me a robe and kissed my forehead.

She left the room while I prepared to get to the chores done. I removed all the clothes and left myself completely naked. I left the room. I started to do the cleanings of the house. I swiped on every corner of the house for half an hour and then went to get the breakfast ready. I was managing everything by the time table I set in my mind.

I got the tea ready in 10 minutes and was almost done with all of the chores. As soon as I prepared the table, I heard the bell ringing. I put on the robe and went to open it. It was the old aunty from the neighborhood asking for a plate of sugar. I helped her with it and she was gone in a minute.

I went back to get the table ready. As soon as I reached the table, aunty unlocked the door from the key that she always carried. I lately realised that the robe was still on me. I was caught. I started shivering and pissed some drops in the robe out of fear. Aunty didn't look pleased with the sight before her eyes.

She smiled at me, "My nephew is so kind that he didn't understand what I said to him at the very first place." Saying that she made a hand gesture for me to follow her. She entered my room and so did I, following her. She pulled the string of the robe and undid it from my body, leaving me naked again.

I was shivering very hardly. "I'm sorry aunty, it was Huma aunty from the neighborhood asking for a cup of sugar. I was about to take it out but you arrived in the meantime, it's not my fault believe me." I was very close to crying out of guilt. I went down on my knees asking for forgiveness.

"I don't know whether you are right or not beta. I found you accused of breaking the laws of the house." She held my hands and took me up from the ground, she dragged me to the bathroom. I was in the state to defend myself physically but I didn't, as she was controlling my brain.

I was placed on the toilet after getting inside. She left me seated on the toilet seat to leave the bathroom to get something. She returned in five minutes with a set of handcuffs. Both my legs were bound from just above the feet to the toilet seat by the either handcuffs. I was in no state to move even a bit. I couldn't even reach to the valves with my right hand, as the movements out of the seat were blocked for good. I had tears out of fear as if, what was going to happen.

"I already pooped in the morning masi, I don't need to do it again." I argued.

"Shhhhhhh" saying that she kissed my cheeks once. "Keep faith in your aunty and go with the flow son." She added. She stepped back and went for the round steel valve of anus cleansing jet and started rotating it. I felt water jet out of the water nozzle hitting my asshole.

It was mild cold water and felt nice at first on my anus. She took the toothpaste out of the bathroom closet. She stopped the jet by the valve and pressed the toothpaste cylinder towards my ass to drop some heap of paste on my asshole. It felt very cold at first. I released a big moan out of my mouth.

"What is the sense in cleaning an already cleaned asshole son, right?" She held my head tightly and brought it upwards to face her. "Right son?" She expanded her pitch.

"Yes right aunty!" was all I could spit out in that state. She did the valve again and the jet came out from the nozzle on my asshole in a descent flow. Aunty held my hands while continued to gaze in my eyes. As soon as the water hit the toothpaste on my anus, I could feel the snowy breezes passing near my anus. It was very cold. It almost freeze my anal region, leaving me partially sore there at some regions. I could have stopped it by my hands, but those were held by aunty. I kept my eyes closed to accept all of it in total discomfort.

After a certain point of time the paste was completely wiped away from my anus, but its coolness didn't, she stopped the jet flow. She peeped on my back to check on something. She placed her hands on both of my ass cheeks to spread it wide to get a clear view of my anus. She touched it from one of her fingers. I stayed still because I was not in the state to move even a bit.

"This thing is already much clean son. I don't know what do next. I just have the urge to poop right now after such a long jog and I don't know if I would be able to hold it back for long. There is still some space behind your little asset, I would find my way son."

It was shocking and vile to hear that she was going to shit right behind me, sharing the same toilet seat with me. I had a tough time believing to what was just said. She stood at her words and slide down her leggings and then her panties, leaving herself completely bottomless with just the jersey on.

She mounted on the toilet seat just behind me and made our back facing each other. I still didn't believed what aunty was going to do. I kept my head forward and eyes closed to save my eyes from any of those sights. I heard aunty peeing at first and then heard something dropping inside of the toilet seat. I knew what it was; I tried not to breathe to stay away from the airs hitting my nostrils.

I managed to get away from the smell. I sensed aunty's ass cheeks touching my back, and she made a step backward. She was adjusting a position for few seconds. She started again, and I felt my ass crack getting hit by something soft exactly from the middle. I couldn't believe she was dropping on my ass crack. All of the aunty's actions doesn't seem normal at all.

She did just a round of it before displacing herself from the seat. She took out a big piece of toilet paper from the roll at the side and handed it to me.

"You know what to do of it son!" Saying that she turned around with her ass. I was in agony, and I closed my eyes in grief and started doing the thing. I touched her inner thighs first to place my hands at a safe distance and started to take the paper upwards till her pussy lips. After reaching the pussy lips, I made my way more upwards.

I pushed my hands inside her giant ass crack and spotted her asshole on my way upwards. I still didn't opened my eyes to have a sight on her beautiful ass. I just sensed her asshole inside the crack and rubbed the paper on it from all the sides to make it get clean. I only wished if it was clean, as I was not seeing anything. She ordered me to throw the paper inside the seat and she flushed it afterwards. Aunty turned around to kiss my

forehead.

"What about your anus son?" I was left clueless as if what more creepier was going to happen next.

"What about it aunty?"

"It still has my goo on it, I think the jet should be allowed to do it's job now, but before that" Saying that she did the valve again and the water jet started to hit my anus out of the nozzle. Aunty locked my hands in an extra set of handcuffs. The water speed was at it's fullest, after she rotated the valve to the very end. I felt my ass getting cleaned in few seconds but the jet speed still had no lowering to it. Aunty had a phone call to attend so she left in an instance with just the T-shirt on, leaving me alone there with the jet still on. I couldn't do anything to help myself.

The water jet speed was much higher than normal now, the pace of the sharp pointed jet started to hurt my anus. I cried of the pain it inflicted with the very sharp jet of water on my anus. "Masi masi!" was all I could cry off, but she didn't arrived at the scene. The jet continued to bruise my asshole, while I was involved in too much cry now. I moaned and cried of the pain for more than five minutes.

The jet of the water was sharp and was also too big in diameter that it covered more than my anus on my butt crack. I was fading of the pain, while aunty arrived finally to my rescue.

"Oh I'm sorry, is my nephew hurt?" She inquired as I still struggled of the pain of the sharp jet edges. I wrapped my hands around her ass in pain, as soon as she came near,

"Please stop it aunty!" was all I could spit out in that state. Aunty kneeled in to view my back. She placed her hands again on my ass to stretch it further, to get a view. When she stretched on it, the jet hit my anus more briefly and I glued my mouth and head just above her pussy, and grope her ass tighter to stop the cries of pain from coming out. Aunty finally reached at the side to cut the flow off, I had a massive exhalation on her bare hips. I finally felt her brief bottom on my cheeks after coming out of the pain. She rubbed my back head and roamed her fingers inside my hairs.

She undid the handcuffs from my legs and hands to set me free finally. I had difficulties in standing properly as my anus was still hurting. I was taken to the room by aunty, carefully in that rare stamina level.

"Why are you doing this to me aunty? I have not done any wrong till this date in my boyhood and also in the teenage." I protested softly in slow voice.

"I hate to torture you either son, but this thing is vital from the bigger picture. I found your academics' progress slipping away and that is when I decided to enslave you into this shit." She cleared the air.

"What is the story behind uncle?" I took that moment to make all of the mysteries come alive. Aunty took a second to itch on her bare pussy, folding her legs upon one another again, she started to speak.

"He had a well paid job 2 years ago. He used to make more money in the family because of his dominant post in the corporate sector. But he was a natural submissive. He used to give me pedicures every night in our 9 years of marriage. He even kissed and licked my toe sometimes. Two years from now after Ananya came, on one fine day he expressed his views upon his submissive nature. I researched about it for a week, and after that we were ready because of my dominant instincts already present." She informed me all of it.

"It must have been hard for both of you to get into this thing." I interrogated.

"Yes it was very hard at first but then our natural selves eased up all of the X-factors in this relationship." She answered.

"Has he gone through all of it that you made me go through right now?" She laughed hard on my question and I knew why

"He has gone through the worst son, you couldn't even think of some."

"Like?"

"Like, he had been cuckolded with more than 15 guys in this time duration and has tested each of their cums, you are one of them as well. I have an urge to fill in a new dick every now and then. You have met Rajiv who was one of them. Many of them are millionaires or high profile attorneys whom I meet on daily basis. I have been proposed to marriage by many of them, and still get proposed in this age, but I know who deserves me as a wife and whom I love." She chuckled a bit while saying.

"How do you stay away from the occurrence of any STDs masi (Aunty)?"

"Oh nice question beta, your mom and I have a common friend in Dr. Anushka!" As soon as I heard Dr. Anushka's name coming, my eye brows went curvy. She was easily the most beautiful woman I have known of, also the one whom I have jerked off upon quite often.

"She is the senior compatriot to me in this league, by being in this kind of marriage with her partner from over one and a half decade. She knows all of the remedies and provides me with the best of them." My heart went cold as soon as I heard all that about Dr. Anushka.

"Coming back to uncle, what more about him?" I came on the track again.

"Oh yes, Anmol had broken his skin several times while getting whipped out of his mistakes in the form of the punishments. Anushka has stitched his skin after those incidental breaks. She could be here tonight for some initial medication on Anmol's butt skin, after yesterday noon's punishment." She exclaimed all with a low tone.

"Don't you regret beating him to welts or blood?" I asked out of concern for uncle.

"No beta, not even a bit. I'm ought to be tough, by holding my emotions back. This will help him get shaped the way I want him to. Beyond all that, he choose his way into this relationship." She was very low and elegant while speaking that.

"What more?"

"He takes my pee down his throat twice every day, or even more than twice sometimes. He has also cleaned my asshole several times like you did today, the only difference comes that you were given the paper and he had to use his tongue." She laughed while saying that.

"Geez aunty, am I going to go through all that?" I was freaked out.

"No son, you are my dear nephew not my husband. My husband is my responsibility but you have to go through many responsibilities in the future and for that, you have to be a strong person. I would punish you on your wrong doings, worse the mistake harder the punishments." Aunty stood stern.

"How long would it go with uncle?" I asked.

"As long as our body works for the good." She spoke being much noble.

"Does it means, till death?"

"Judge for yourself, son." She spit out exquisitely.

"And with me?"

"Your aunty is here to help you get through the phase of being the most self dependent person of the world, unlike your uncle. I mean, we share the same blood, you have my nature. I love Anmol very much, but his submissive nature makes me fall for him more and more. I want you to make people fall for yourself by your dominance and not the other way. I would love to be the head mistress for THIS master's slaves." She pointed her fingers towards me while saying that.

"I'm so lucky to have you aunty." I went down to kiss her legs. She offered her feet to me and I licked on all of it. I was much motivated after hearing all of that from my mistress. I took her thumb in my mouth and gave her a good sucking on the feet.

"I'm also proud to have you son. I want to reward you for your right doings so far." Saying that she took me up and off the floor. She held my dick in her hand while made me follow her again to the bathroom. She stood behind, and started jerking off my dick. She had a heavenly touch and I was getting to cum quickly.

She turned my head with her other hand and glued her lips with mine. She rubbed her other hand on my chest and we continued to kiss. She licked my tongue while continued to stroke on my dick. I came in full flow which dirtied all of the aunty's palm. Unlike uncle, she went towards the wash basin to clean her hands. I stopped her on her way.

"I want to lick and clean my waste aunty." I said.

She didn't reacted to my offer and continue to wash her hand. She was out of the bathroom and so did I. "I don't want to go out bottomless." She stopped on those words. I rushed to get her panties and leggings from the bathroom floor. "Just the pant would do." Saying that she turned around and I started to take her leggings up her ass. Once getting it done she spoke, "Just stay there son!" I stopped my head inches away from her leggings' covered butt. "Touch my assets, son, and you heard me to just touch it, no exaggerated sceneries."

I touched her round ass through her leggings. I so wanted it squeezed under my palms, but her orders were not meant to get broken, I stayed still. She hanged her panty before her ass, blocked my view. I was automatically taken by my inner pervert towards it. As soon as my head got closer, the panty triggered the sweet smell of her ass cheeks. I struggled to not squeeze her ass and couldn't do it after much hard thoughts.

"Oh masi" was all I could spit out with my eyes closed as I inhaled the smell.

"Do you want to come closer beta?" Aunty inquired with a lustful voice.

"I would love to, aunty." I said with closed eyes feeling the scent.

"Only good slaves get those sorts of pleasures." She chuckled in the sexiest voice on the earth. She kicked me backwards. I fell back on the floor. She stepped out. I already leaked out on the thoughts of licking her panties. I was left highly unsatisfied. I was jealous of uncle now. I was totally trapped in aunty's slavery.

"Now help yourself and get ready for the school son, or should I say 'SLAVE'?" She gave a bright smile.

"Okay start counting aunty, or should I say Mistress?." I smiled back. Aunty started to laugh.

"Better!" saying that she left the room. I jerked off again by thinking of my mistress aunty. I was out soon after bathing myself and got ready for the school.

Aunty put on her uniform and was out ready to go. She kissed uncle and Ananya to good bye. She took the wheels and dropped me to school. "Remember, no clothes son." Saying that Aunty kissed my cheeks to bade me a good day. It was a great start to the day.

I took the usual cab and was dropped home by it. I still feared of getting caught by uncle, on being naked the entire day. As I entered the house, I found it completely empty. I went to aunty's room to peep inside from the window. I found nobody inside and that is when I had the biggest sigh of relief.

I went to my room to take a bath. I jerked off yet again, thinking of aunty's touch on my dick in the morning. I still had struggles in standing wide due to the pain in the anus. I came out of the shower in some time. I remained naked as commanded by my mistress aunt. I started to do my room.

It took me one full hour just to clean my room. I did all the curtains and bed sheet of the room. I was very tired by that only, but then I checked on the clock. It was just 3 hours to aunty's arrival back in the house. I had to get all of the chores done in order to tackle any brutal consequences.

I went through all of the rooms except aunty's in the next hour. All of it didn't had much chores to get done as they were the unused ones. I put on the robe and went outside to clean the garden area. It took me another 30 minutes to do some while I was just left with aunty's room now.

I went to aunty's room next, which was the last thing left to do in the remaining one and an half hour. As soon as I put my footsteps in, I could feel all of aunty's power in the fragrance of the room. I turned my head towards the bed and there was the hallucinatory perception of all of the uncle's pain and sufferings as his wife's slave on it.

I started doing the sheets, I went forward to take it out and replace it with the new one. I smelled on the sheets, and sensed aunty's fragrance on some of it. I got an erection as soon as aunty's naked image on the bed floated inside of my mind. Aunty was getting in my head so hardly, that it was being uncontrollable now.

I went to the bathroom to put the sheets in cleaning. I was done with the dry cleaning of it in half an hour. The next half an hour, I spent shopping away the dusts from the entire room. I was done with the full cleaning of it in an hour. I used some room fragrance spray, and sprayed it in every corner of the room. I was proud of my work.

I didn't intended to leave the room so early. I started to explore the room. The room was furnished very well to aunty's comforts. I went to the closet and slide it open to scout inside of it. I found some 3 pairs of the same coloured khakhee uniforms hanging at the very front. There were some of her workout clothes also hanging next to it.

I took her leggings out safely from the drawer. I pulled it closer to my nose, and smelled the briefs of the leggings. I could clearly sense aunty's sweat on the leggings. I closed my eyes, and felt the fragrance close to my heart. I was lost in the sweet aroma of aunty's on the leggings.

I searched deeper inside the closet and took out auntie's big waistline panties out of it. There was aunty's lingerie hanging at the side of the drawer. I pulled out the thong and the high cut brief panties hanging from the rod at the side of closet.

Looking carefully, I found every panties having aunty's juices on it in dried form. All of them had dried cum's white smudges on the inner walls. I brought it near to my nose and felt it's beautiful scent. I massaged my dick by getting in the scents deeper and deeper. I held it upwards by stretching it further, up and before my face.

I loved aunty's ass and wanted to drown in it someday. I started kissing and licking the back side of her panties while still massaged my dick more. I tasted aunty's cum on it, and it was a sweet one just like the aroma of it.

I jerked off for some more minutes, while continued to sniff on the panties. Aunty was the most beautiful smelled woman in the world. I put on the high cut brief on my waist. It fit my waist but my ass still needed twice the flesh it had to fit inside of aunty's panties. I tried the thong as well and it depicted the same story - the ass was left loose.

I was brought to my senses after a minute and realised what madness I was in. I feared if aunty caught me abusing her under garments like this, she might just break my skin as well like uncle's, the previous day. I looked at the clock, and I found still some plenty of breathing space of 25 minutes. I opened the closet to put it back the way they were before.

When inside, I checked on the drawers. I found aunty's police profile file in one of the drawers. I opened the file. Aunty's full sized photo in the khakhee uniform was there laminated at the introductory page. The first page showed her full name, fair skin tone, black eyes and other descriptions, etcetera. The next showed her physique that was 5'9 and 151 pounds with a body structure of 38-29-40 inches. The numbers only made her hotness a transparency. I was proud of her being my mistress.

After a dozen of pages there was a section called 'ENCOUNTERS'. I found it quite intimidating to the fact that aunty would have pulled out any of it. She was more of a peace loving natured out of the house as I have seen. I went through the section. I started shivering after reading through it. It was stated that Aunty was directly involved in 11 encounters till date. The most recent one was 3 months back. I couldn't move till some minutes after reading it out, I was shocked.

In the list there were 9 criminals and 2 businessmen involved in crime whom got shot down directly by masi. I didn't really believed the numbers but if it was given by the government itself, it could have made some sense. My heartbeat was left beating at its worst while I held myself still.

There were some more stories, the most creepy one was when aunty beat a criminal so hard that there was a ban instilled on her for a month. The criminal was left with a fractured nose and broken ribs. There were more than 60 beating stories in which aunty was directly or indirectly involved. I wondered if a two years old's mother and a wife can be this creepy in her job.

I put the file back, as more of it could have swung my mind to insanity. I found a photo album in the neighboring drawer. It was the best thing out of all. The album had all of aunty's pictures since her marriage till the present time in the section of years. The album began with aunty and uncle's vacation in all smiles at Andaman in their early marriage days. These could have been the time before their female led relationship.

The album came forward to some explict pictures of aunty and uncle in the bed. Aunty giving him blowjob, them showering together, etc. Aunty used to be a bit fat then, unlike the goddess she was at present. The photos had some glorious pictures of their married life. There was another album next to it and I saw through that too.

It was aunty's vacation in the United States, the previous year. Aunty was seen in the white single string bikini posing like a super model in the first picture. I looked at that photo for more than two minutes, as the attire was a complete shock. More than half of her bust was revealed under her bikini top. She was joined by a muscular white guy in the next, who held her waist and ass tightly, then with two different white guys in the next, posing in the same manner.

Aunty had a perfect bulky shape in the bikini that could have melted any guy in the world. In the next set of pictures she was kissing and smooching random guys followed by some absurd body touchings. I had an erection seeing this but I was still searching for uncle.

In the next set, she was seen with a group of ladies, a black and two white blondes. Then all of the guys and the ladies posing together in a group photo with aunty being in the center held by two guys on each side from her ass. After few more pictures, I finally found Uncle's. The first one, he was holding Ananya on his lap and making her have the bottle milk.

The next picture, he was taking out the underwear of a white muscular fella. He gave him a blowjob while aunty held his head from behind. Aunty was then fucked by the same white guy. It was all captured in the album.

It ended with a family photo of aunty, uncle and Ananya in aunty's arms in all smiles. It was a lovely end to the album. The album said it all about their marriage. I packed her room after then and went for my room. I trapped myself in the room, learning the allotted chapters for the week; I did it for half an hour. I was still naked keeping my loyalty.

The clock ticked 7:30, and there by I heard aunty's car getting parked outside. She was 30 minutes late, and it was none of my concern. My heartbeats automatically was set at its worst. I went to my room window, and started peeping outside of it after fitting an eye. I couldn't go out being naked.

I saw uncle with numerous shopping bags in his arms. He started to come upstairs. As soon as he finished the stairs, aunty entered the house from behind. She was still in her green and yellow khakhee uniform, with little Ananya was slept in her arms. She always had this respect for her uniform, by keeping the shirt inside of the pant. I have seen very less police officers doing this.

She started climbing the stairs but before she could come on the floor, I rushed to get back on my table to start studying. Aunty undid my window, to peep inside for my activity. I turned my head backwards, and our eyes meet. I started shivering once our eyes got locked.

"Your time of being the house bitch elapses now, son. You can get dressed from here on." Saying that she headed forward towards her room. Doctor Anushka just parked her car outside the door, as I saw from the ventilator window below the ceiling. Uncle went to open the door, and stepped outside to enter in her car. Uncle came in again in the house after sometime with a walk of some pain in his butt. I didn't want to imagine what happened in there. Doctor Anushka was gone afterwards in her car.

Uncle entered the room in a minute after making it upstairs. I was just waiting for their reactions after seeing the cleaning inside. I dressed quickly and hurried to their room window.

Aunty was sitted on the bed with her legs extended to uncle's one knee in the air, while the other knee was on which he was sitted. He was helping her get out of the maroon leather shoes. Aunty left the bed to get on her feet, while uncle was still on the floor on his knees.

Aunty turned around and made her ass face him. He undid the belt from her waist, also unbuttoned her pant. He slide the pant down her waist and left her with just the underwear at the bottom, he did the same to her shirt and she was left in just her orange bra and underwear. He undid her hairs too, she finally sent the wife vibe out.

She slide her underwear down her waist only a bit; bared her pussy and partial ass crack. She mounted on his head and pissed inside of his mouth. Uncle left for bathroom to get a mouth wash while aunty got dressed in her loose outfits - shorts and T-shirt in the meantime. Their relationship was very enjoyable in some manner.

Aunty got off to get some files from the drawer at the bed side. She sat on the chair while started doing the files in her shorts. Uncle was on the floor again, undoing her nail polish. Aunty continued to do the files for few minutes, and uncle was done with her nail polish.

Uncle brought the cigarette from the closet and put it in her mouth. Aunty's attention was still in her files as she looked at it with all of her interests. Uncle lit the cigarette, and came back in his position on the floor. He started massaging her feet, while aunty held the cigarette between her fingers and puffed on it.

Aunty made some calls in between of her case studying. She used the name 'Don L' several times in the conversation on the phone. Aunty gulped down some pills after getting done with that phone call. I didn't bated much eye on that and left for my room. I started studying again. Aunty called me outside for the dinner which she ordered later. We were done with the dinner in half an hour. She treated me like her normal nephew in all fairness.

She hugged and kissed on my cheeks for a goodnight. I returned the honours with all the bravery. I studied for another hour after coming in the room. I heard a car getting parked outside, and I knew this was the time of action. I started peeping from the window. I found aunty already on the door to welcome her guest.

This was a different guy and not Rajiv from last week, but he had the same physique as him. He had a fair skin and was dressed in normal corporal attire like he just returned from the work.

He held her tightly in his arms, giving her a sweet kiss on the lips by holding her butt. They talked being their feet for less than a minute before getting into kissing again.

He dropped aunty on the couch while started to kiss her neck harder. Aunty spread her legs wide and held his waist between it. She kissed him harder while still being at the bottom. He pulled aunty's tongue out of her mouth by his teeth, and started licking her tongue with his. He took her tongue inside his mouth, while sticked their lips again.

Aunty had his saliva running on her chin. Aunty didn't wiped her mouth and got off the couch to leave for her room. He pressed her ass from behind and followed her to the room. I was very ready to get on the window now.

I took my place and started to peep inside. Aunty and the stranger still kissed harder, while uncle was placed on one of the edge of the bed. Aunty stood the ground with the guy whilst they continued to eat each other's lips. Aunty dragged uncle to the guy's side by his hairs. Uncle knew what he had to do.

Uncle unbuttoned his pants and slide it down. He held the stranger's almost 9 inched dick and started to suck on it. Aunty continued to kiss on his lips. Uncle licked the top and then on the entire dick. The guy slide her T-shirts and removed her bra on the follow up. Uncle kissed his balls and took it in his mouth as well for sucking. The guy bared aunty's boobs and drew it between his teeth.

The guy drew aunty towards the ground with her boobs as a leash before uncle's face. He held her boobs and pressed on it harder, to make it leak. Once it started leaking, he brought her nipples to uncle's mouth and made him drink a half glass of aunty's breast milk. I tasted the milk before, so I knew the bars of pleasures uncle went with right now. The guy slide the shorts and panties out of the waist to leave aunty completely naked.

Aunty was drawn on the bed by the stranger. He held his dick, penetrated it in her pussy. Aunty was taken to a helpless massive moan. The guy stretched her legs wide and held her inner thighs. He started to thrust his dick inside of her pussy with some massive strength. He continued to do it for a minute, aunty's moans had no stopping to it. Aunty had tears in her eyes after he hit her cervix wall multiple times with his full size. I was enjoying the view.

Uncle was there helpless on his knees with a small tear in his eyes, watching his wife getting nailed by another man. The guy continued to fuck her in the classic missionary. Aunty pushed him inside from his bare ass and made him come more and more deeper in her pussy. Aunty kissed the guy much wetly; She sucked on his tongue, continued kissing him. He reversed her on her stomach to enter her from behind. He laid his entire body on her back, shoving the dick inside. He hit her ass with his hips continuously.

The guy turned aunty's head backwards and planted a very cruel kiss on her lips. She was crying harder moans each time his hips struck hers and penetrated inside more. The stranger bite her back while continued to fuck her harder from behind. Aunty had trouble in breathing with the cruel treatment the guy was instilling on her.

He brought aunty on her all fours and got inside of her in the classic doggy style. He fucked her harder from behind, while holding her hairs cruelly. She was treated like a tea bag. He continued to work her pussy roughly from behind. He held her stomach from behind while still fucked her pussy harder.

Aunty left the bed in between of her fucking and brought the stranger out of the bed as well. She made him stand right before uncle's face. She held his dick and started to jerk it off to full throttle. She did it for some seconds before calling for uncle's mouth and placing the dick inside of it. The guy ejaculated inside of his mouth. The stranger, aunty and uncle laughed on the act. I thought uncle enjoyed this treatment.

The guy got dressed in the meantime and aunty as well put some clothes on. The guy kissed uncle on his cheeks and gave him a light hug of appreciation. He held aunty by her waist before uncle while set to leave the room with her. I ran to my room before they reached their door. I saw the guy kissing aunty on her lips for some minutes at the doorstep, before leaving the house from the main door.

Aunty started to climb the stairs, and I rushed to the bed to let her know that I was asleep. Aunty opened the windows and peeped inside the room. She found me asleep on the bed. She had a light laughter after watching me laid on the bed. She moaned in lighter tone,

"Sleep well son, because I know your comfortable stage is going to end very soon. My sister would be so proud of you once you leave my house and go back to her. We love you so much." Saying that she gave a flying kiss to me and left.

I wondered what she just said, but I was already much tired from the day so I went to sleep directly after she left the window. The alarm clock rang at 6 but I didn't bother to wake up as I knew what could be happening there. I woke up directly at 6:30 am. I came out of the room in my boxers. Uncle was in the kitchen, cleaning the kitchen counter and the gas chulah.

I went back to the room and used the bathroom. I bathe and came out of the bathroom after long 45 minutes. It was the oral day according to the time table and I didn't know what it meant. I got ready for school and waited for aunty to come after finishing her jog. I was ready very early and aunty arrived home finally.

Aunty entered from the main door. She held uncle up close instantly after coming in. She narrated something in his ear, in the kitchen. Uncle put on his slippers and left the house from the door. Now it was just me and aunty left in the hallway, all alone.

"So, oral day?" She chuckled.

"Yes aunty, kill the enthusiasm and please tell me more of it." I said.

"You are always so curious little fellow. Follow me to the room son, we would get to know about it." Saying that she started walking to the room quickly. I followed her sluggishly to the room. She waited for me at the door. She held my waist tightly and brought me closer to her,

"If you want to do it neatly, then learn to keep pace with me son." Saying that she pushed me inside the room. The push was not an easy one and I sensed her anger in it.

She stood before me and fired, "Undress me."

I was brought to an erection hearing that. I still made my way forward, and took her T-shirt and bra off, then followed by her tight leggings and thong in the very end. She did her thing and undid all of my school uniform and then the underwear from my body leaving me naked.

"Come on in, son. This is your first oral day training." Aunty stepped inside the bathroom and then in the bath tub. I saw her full naked posture lied naked before me. "Give me the oral satisfactions son, use your tongue in my pussy." I was stunned after hearing that but this was something I was looking forward to do since a very long.

I placed myself at her bottom, in the bathtub. She started to pour the water inside, while I started to lick her pussy. I sneezed after Aunty's pubic hairs hit inside my nostrils. Aunty laughed before pushing me in again by my head. She spread her pussy lips for me while allowed me to get my tongue deeper. I tasted her sweet cum, and it was much delicate to what I thought. Aunty used her hands to push my head inside and I was forced to go inside of her. I did it for more than 5 minutes and she stopped me in the end.

"Use the shower nozzle son, and bath your aunty. It is your duty today to leave your aunty untidy." I did as told and spread water on all of her body. Starting from the top, I cleaned her boobs and the stomach. I soaped on her dark nipples and washed them. I made my way downwards, and cleaned her legs with all the care required. I flipped her on the stomach, to clean her muscular back and the big ass.

I was done in 30 minutes and dried her with a towel. I explored all of her body parts with the towel, from the boobs to her wonderful ass. Aunty also got dressed by me. It felt like getting your big police inspector daughter ready for her work and now that I knew what work exactly she carried out in the uniform, my honours were raised.

I dressed myself as well and we were ready in some minutes. She dropped me to school and kissed me to a good bye as usual. This thing didn't get awkward at allI was asked to give an hour long oral service in the evening in my room. Aunty made full use of mine in the day. I loved to be her bitch at times. Aunty made me taste her cum, as she was drawn to 7 total orgasms. It was the same old with uncle, and the day end to the same guy from the previous night. He kissed and fucked aunty like the previous day. I jerked off to the scenes of aunty getting fucked.

I woke up in the morning and I followed the same schedule. I woke up to peep at uncle and aunty and they got the same old routine, but there was one change to it. She tied uncle on the entire bed on his stomach.

The hands to both of the front ends and the legs to the bottom ends. She held a thick leather belt in her hand. Uncle's ass was exposed. She blindfolded his eyes and opened the room door. After a very long there were no welts visible on his ass skin but I thought that was going to change and I was right.

Aunty stepped back and delivered her first blow on uncle's bare bottom. Uncle cried in pain loudly. Aunty looked towards the door and delivered a blow again. It was an intense one and uncle screamed harder now. She again looked towards the room door. Before she delivered the third, I went on the door steps.

She smiled evilly when our eyes met. She continued to spank uncle and he cried harder. Uncle's ass cheeks got swollen due to the dozen high intensity thrusts on it with the thick belt. She looked at me everytime before delivering a spank. I felt really bad for uncle now but it was what he opted for so feeling sorry was not relevant.

Uncle had tears inside his blind fold that wetted all of the ribbon by which his eyes were secured. She kissed on uncle's welt covered ass and kissed his back neck. She picked up a blue strap on dildo which was put at the sides.

She signalled me to come inside and commanded me to stay shush. I made my way inside the room. She took her panties down the ass and just hanged the dildo on her waist. I gird the strap from between her pussy and on the butt crack like a microkini string. She mounted on uncle's back, while he was still tied on the bed from all four sides. She looked at me and pointed towards the dildo and yelled, "Suck, now!" and also put her thumb and fingers at uncle's lips' opening.

I bent to take the dildo in my mouth. Uncle sucked on her fingers and thumb at the same time. She was controlling two men at the very same time. I bowed down to her power and kept sucking at it. After two minutes she announced out loud again,

"It's enough now. Leave!" She pointed her fingers out of the room and I knew it was clearly for me. Uncle stopped licking and she pushed her fingers out of his mouth. As soon as I reached the door, I heard uncle screaming. I turned around to watch. Aunty penetrated her plastic dick in his asshole. Aunty deployed her body on his back and turned her head backwards. Aunty sealed her eyes with mine and she showed me the way outside. Aunty turned her head forward and started to fuck his ass. I left the room as stated.

Uncle screamed again after I stepped outside. His cries got louder and louder with each of my footsteps getting away from the room. I wanted to jerk off. I got inside the bathroom of my room, I jerked off very hard to all the scenes that I went through.

We were both ready by 8. Aunty dropped me to school in her police SUV. En route, the environment remained very quite. Aunty killed the silence finally just when we were about to reach the school, "Report me with the chapters by 8 son. I love you." She stopped the car, I replied mildly with a, "Hmm." I went inside school gate with my head facing the ground.

I studied very hard once getting back home. I was still left with some part of a chapter. The clock ticked 7 and aunty was home. I studied for the remaining hour. Aunty knocked my door right at 8. I closed my books once she entered the room.

"Done son?" She interrogated graciously.

"Yes aunty, you may start." I cleared my throat saying that.

"Take your seat on the floor. I don't allow clothes in my class son. You have 5 minutes to settle down." I undressed myself quickly and prepared myself. I didn't felt awkward anymore to get naked before aunty. Aunty took out the long wooden cane from outside the room door and locked the door. I wondered she carried it along with her. "I was in trouble", I gasped to myself. She came closer to me and explored her fingers in my pubic hairs. She pulled out one of the hairs, It felt like stingy painful. I moaned in pain.

"Clear this mess out son, if you don't intend to double the no. of hairs getting pulled out with each passing day." She ordered me.

"Okay masi." Was all I could speak. Aunty was in her shorts and she took the chair. She showed me the spot where I was supposed to sit. It was right next to her feet. I sat on her feet and aunty started by offering her slender legs to me. I gave it the massage that she was looking for. Aunty started with her first question,

"Okay, so these are the rules. One wrong answer, two cane strokes on both the hands. And the number would go on getting double with every wrong answer. Shall we began son?" She announced.

"Yes aunty." I continued to do her feet.

"What is viscosity?" She asked. I knew the answer of this one but was not sure.

"It is the kind of a pressure unit measurement, used to measure the thickness of a fluid." Aunty had a distinctive reactions on her face.

"You still deserve one, these answers can expose you in your examinations." She swung the cane in the air and dropped it tightly on my left palm. I experienced a shock in my entire body with the impact of the cane on the hand. The palm burned for an entire minute.

"Stop rubbing your palm, here is the second one. What is the RMS value based upon?"

I had a hard time thinking of the answer and finally came with one, "Is it on the root of average?"

"You still deserve one son, you are not supposed to ask, bring the same hand again." I brought my left palm to her again. She brought it down even tighter this time on my palm. I was shaking of the pain, it was uncontrollably bad.

"What does Kirchhoff's law explains?"

"Same voltage passing through a circuit." I sounded straight now and she was happy with my right answer. No caning this time out, I built on the confidence. I gave three right answers in a succession. She threw the next,

"What is the resistance inversely proportional to?"

"Voltage!" I was not sure but still answered. Aunty started laughing at my answer and called me a bimbo.

"I would burn your skin son, if you gave a stupid answer again." Saying that she held the cane tightly. I brought both the hands to her and she went through it. She caned on my left with even higher intensity, while the right one was treated in a mild manner. I was caned several times again after going through more questions. My left palm was on fire and was red with caning.

"Your overall performance was not more than 65%. I want a 100 tomorrow after corrections or it is your ass in jeopardy son. Now get on the bed, aunty want to return the favour to you." I didn't knew what she was talking about but still laid on the bed. Aunty touched my dick and rubbed on it. She started licking it's top. I released a massive moan.

"You were quite a performer today and the rewards are essential to improve your performances." She sucked on my dick and massaged my balls. She held my dick up, started licking on the inner skin of my balls. Aunty got her thumb inside of my mouth and sucked on my dick with full throttle. I sucked on her thumb in all the affection. Aunty took the dick out of her mouth.

Aunty started rubbing my cock with her both hands. As soon as my moan raised, she knew I was drawing close to an orgasm. She released my dick in the climax leaving it to release cum, alone without any supports. I wanted someone to touch my dick, when it was leaking cum, but I was going through as they say - ruined orgasms. I was left unsatisfied. I loved aunty for every bit of her filthy domination.

The evening went ahead, I didn't saw any guy coming today. Aunty was also drawn to sleep early. I also slept early with no real purpose of staying up to, as it was already a pathetic day the next one.

I woke up in the morning and was out of any chores. Aunty and Uncle had their normal start to the day. The day went by and it was evening. I was made to sit naked on the floor again. Aunty began questioning and I was guilty of 2 wrong answers. As stated by aunty, it was now my ass on less than 100%. I stayed at the side of the bed, bent at the edge of it, as commanded by my mistress.

Aunty rubbed the cane on my cheeks at first. She stepped back a little and dropped the first cane on my ass cheek. I closed my eyes, inhaling all the pain. It gave an agonizing vibration on my whole body, I shook in pain. She came down again and again, raised her intensity after every stroke. I had tears flowing down the cheeks by itself, due to the pain. Aunty stopped at the 16th stroke. I had a hard time in walking and sitting properly for some hour afterwards.

The clock showed 7:30 and we were sitted on the couch before the TV. Aunty gazed at me after every 10 minutes, followed by my ass. She noticed my discomfort in movements, while turned her head towards the screen. The news channels cried the same name 'Don L', which aunty used several times on the phone. He was on TV, with his erect photo with few smudges on the cheeks.

It was shown there on every channel that 'Don L' has escaped the jail and was running away from the police now. The evening floated in the lighten pace and we got away to sleep. Aunty had sex with uncle after getting in their room. I saw all of it from the window. I had a tough time sleeping with the sore ass at the bottom.

I woke up early in the morning. It was my punishment day; I remembered it because I woke up with a light pain on the ass. I brought myself before the mirror with naked ass, checked my ass in the mirror. It had some creepy red lines all over it. The ass swelled vertically from every part of the welt. I was much exhausted of pain, to see what was happening with uncle, I went off to take the shower.

My mind was on figuring out my punishment for the week. I remembered the clips of uncle's punishments. I was already in pain so I was in no fear as if what worse I could go through. It was a half day at school, I dressed in my uniform. I stepped out; Aunty walked past my door and we met at it.

"Wow, my son looks bright as ever." She spread my cheeks saying that.

"I guess, aunty." I didn't faced her and kept looking at the floor.

"What day it is, son?" She asked to me.

"It's an Saturday, followed by my punishment day Aunty!" I answered politely.

"So get prepared for the punishment after coming back from the school son." She held my chin and made me forcibly face her. She smiled after our eyes met. She kissed my cheeks, we went off to the car outside. She dropped me to school and I prepared to get inside. I started to feel much safer with my aunty lately. She smiled at me before driving away from the premises. I felt like a 3 years old with the shelter on my head of a parent that could cause me no harm, or even let any to come across me. I walked away from the safe cloud of hers and entered in school.

I was home in the early noon. I prayed for mercy from god for my punishments; I entered inside. I made my way upwards, entered my room. There was an IPhone placed on the table with a note at its side saying, "Tap the call button after reading this. This should be done by 12:35 or..." I checked the time and it was 12:28, I still had 7 minutes. I changed myself to something comfortable and tapped the button on 12:33.

The call was a video call that connected me directly to Aunty. She was in her office placed on a big chair. She had two male constables in the triangular cap on her sideways in the live scenes, followed by the photos of the patriots of our country like every government place possesses. She signalled them to go out, and they went out in the next minute. I was left alone with her.

"How was the school beta?" She asked.

"It was fine aunty, Thank you!" I replied with all the decency.

"Can you see the little red box at the side, son?"

I rolled my eyes and found a red box at the end of the table. It was a mashed red chilly box. I took the box in my hand and brought it befoe the camera saying, "Yes aunty, I found one."

"Okay now get your hands on the spoon next to the bottle and take out a spoon of it." I did as I was told and filled the spoon with it; I brought the spoon before the camera.

"Now pour it on your ass welts son. I know you have got the creepier one now. This powder has the healing from all of your sufferings. It would help you take the larger tier pain, which I might inflict on you in the future. Have a good time son, I would sign off after I see you dropping atleast two spoons of it. I love you son, have a nice day." She said all of it in a single breathe. I was left stunned, my hands shivered to do the next step. I prepared to pour it on my ass.

I brought my shorts down. I held a spoon of powder; I poured it on my ass. As soon as the single sprinkle of it reach my ass cheeks, I felt the burn on my cheeks. I cried in pain. My ass was burning of the pain. I did the other spoon as well, and I lost my balance on the feet due to pain. I fell on the bed due to pain, my eyes started to get shut. My ass felt like getting stung by pain after being laid on the bonfire. I fainted by the pain in a minute. I just heard aunty's giggles in my last conscious senses.

I woke up in the early evening, aunty was at my feet. Without speaking anything, she got me laid on her knees. She rubbed some Vaseline followed by some soothing cool ointment on my ass cheeks. The welts hurt after her touch on it, but felt nice afterwards. She kissed my ass cheeks and released me.

"It was a great week son, I'm very proud of you. You are free to go by yourself in the remaining period of the week until Monday again. You won't be forced to study. Go out, Hangout with your friends, I would give you my credit card and you can have all the fun in the world." She narrated all of it by rubbing my cheeks.

"I would let you know aunty. Thank you so much." I dropped myself on the floor and kissed at her feet. "I love you mistress, please keep showering your domination upon me. It would make me a better person someday. I love you again." I licked her feet in affection.

"I love you too son. Aunty would be there for you in all of your difficult period." As she had a loud creepy voice, she also had a soft lovely voice that could even helped a flower to grow. She brought me up to place her head on my shoulders in a tight lovely hug. I felt her boobs squeezed on my chest but didn't got an erection on it because this moment was all about love not lust.

Aunty kissed my forehead. We went off to spend our evening together. Aunty secured me in her one arms on the couch, Ananya in the other. We watched a Hindi movie including uncle on the other couch. She kissed my forehead in between the commercials which reminded me of the great life I had lately.

We walked in a restaurant for the dinner like a real family. Aunty treated uncle like an actual husband and we dined with all the beautiful giggles. Aunty kissed and ate my lips after getting home and allowed me to fuck her again with uncle blindfolded. She fucked uncle as well after finishing with me. Uncle cleaned all of my penis and I slept in my room after coming back. I was in love with my life lately.

I woke up a bit late on Sunday, probably at 9. Aunty was in her mild transparent robe, when she greeted me with a morning hug. I washed myself, came outside dressed after a long shower. Aunty was inside of her room with uncle. I took my position on the window again.

Aunty was licked by uncle at first between her legs. After that, uncle pulled her panties up and started to do her feet. She lit up a cigarette in the meantime; She started to do some files and continued with the cigarette for another half an hour. Between this dominant role that she pursued, she always managed to keep her profession out of depravity.

It was mid afternoon, uncle got ready to go somewhere. Uncle went outside with Ananya, while I was watching the TV. I switched the box off, as there was nothing fruitful in it to watch. I went to the kitchen to get something to fill my tummy. I opened up the fridge and took out a ham to eat. I placed the ham in the oven to get it baked before eating. I waited for 15 minutes and finally took the ham out in a plate.

I was in my work, before I watched aunty coming downstairs in a white wife beaters top with a hot body hugging denim at the bottom, and a heels at the very bottom. She looked hot. She had her hairs done like to go out for a picnic. She rushed to the door even though the bell didn't rang and opened it quickly. It opened up to a 5 person's panel who were holding on to a average heightened guy between them. Three men out of those five were dressed in a police outfit and the remaining two were ladies dressed in regular T-shirts and jeans. They had quite an athletic body just like aunty.

One of the lady was black and she reminded me of someone. It was the same black lady who was posing with aunty in the bikini on her US tour. The second one was an Indian with the structure like a regular Indian college girl, but she was a cop, as said by the badge on her left hip.

The guy they were taking with them was close to 170 cms with some smudges on his face. I had a tingle in my stomach with a belief to have seen the guy somewhere. After a hard thinking I found out, it was 'Don L', the guy about whom the whole media was moaning recently. His hands were cuffed and was in a black hood on his hairs with just the face visible. It looked like he was brought there in the full hood, away from everyone's sight.

I had a hard time thinking, as if why a celebrity criminal was brought to our house.

"Get him inside before Sush gets a revelation to this shit." She hurriedly spoke. My ears raised after hearing my name from aunty's lips. The team took the guy to aunty's room. They locked it from inside. I gulped down the spit of fear down my throat to get off to the window to peep in.

I took my eyes in; I saw the guy being held by the entire team from all the sides leaving just aunty free. Aunty stood before him; she stood at few inches taller than him. Aunty slapped the guy with her hard palms after holding his chin. She stepped back a little and brought a tight kick on his balls. The guy bent his body in pain with his expressions getting horrible. He was held tightly by the team to resist from falling on the ground.

Aunty slide his trouser down to leave him completely naked before everyone. The men in the uniform showed some discomfort on getting a view of his medium sized dick hanging down, when aunty undid his pant. They looked away for a while, while ladies had playful looks in their eyes. She grabbed his balls, and pinched on it by her massive nails. She abused him in some pathetic Hindi language.

Aunty stepped forward a little to his body, she brought her knee on his bare balls, crushing him again. The criminal had a massive discomfort due to the pain. Aunty's much darker side was exposed now. Aunty held the guy, while made way for the black lady to present herself before him. She was just an inch taller than aunty, and quite athletic. She kicked him six times in the balls.

The guy was crying from the torture it was experiencing. The team was instructed by the black lady to tie him on the bed. She had 'FBI' printed on her jacket, this cleared my doubts of her commands getting obeyed so earnestly. They cuffed his legs and the hands with the ends of the bed. It was more like uncle's tie ups on the bed regularly. The three dressed policemen were preparing to leave now after aunty asked for their leave, as they were going for 'The ladies' justice' mode. They were about to Salute aunty to leave, I rushed to my room to hide myself again. I was out once they were gone.

I started to peep in again. The third lady who was an Indian and looked two-three inches smaller than aunty, approached at first. She gripped his dick in her hand and started to slap his balls. The guy had some discomfort on his face with the treatment. Aunty grabbed his nipples with her fingers and pinched on it. The guy moaned mildly.

She yelled in a loud voice, "What about the pain of those who died in the blasts two years ago conducted by your group? You pimp!" Saying that she started slapping on his entire face. She slapped harder and harder, reddened his entire face. Aunty made the lady step backwards and mounted around him on the bed, to aim her feet on his balls. She yelled some abuses again and started to kick his balls. She stood at the middle of the bed. She aimed her heels to his asshole under his balls and penetrated in his anus. The guy cried, while the other ladies were amused by it. She kept on fucking him with it releasing him finally after a minute. Aunty smiled in the end.

Aunty delivered more than ten kicks on his bare balls earlier, they were quite blue after the abuse. Aunty took to the bathroom and brought her dirty panties from there. I could see the cum shining in her panties from outside. She held his testicles in her fingers, squeezed it harder. The guy screamed in pain. As soon as he opened his mouth to scream, Aunty pushed the cum covered panties in his mouth.

She held it on his lips with her index finger and yelled at him.

"Come on lick it, pimp!" The guy didn't responded and she squeezed on his testicles harder. He instantly started licking her cum from the panties with his tongue, aunty loosened her grip on his balls. The black lady was sitted in the chair, puffing on her cigarette in the meantime, watching all this. Aunty took the panties in his mouth deeper and gagged it inside. The guy had trouble in breathing, but he was brought before the three of the cruelest ladies in the world so there was no escape.

The other lady came in the middle again from the side ways and near the bed. She held his medium sized hard dick in her hands and said,

"Is it any good to get used?" and slapped on it. The guy closed his eyes in pain. He expressed in the much giving up manner like he was accepting his guilt.

"Why don't you check yourself Meera!" Aunty said. Aunty left his testicles aside and stepped back. She was quite a beautiful lady with the green meadow eyes. She was at the skinnier side of the body, much thinner then aunty and the black lady. She rubbed on his top, moved his skin back and forth. The guy moaned in pleasure. She bite very cruelly on his dick and sucked on it with all the energy she had.

The guy grope the cuff chains tightly and lifted his back in pain. He was unable to lift his back more than two inches and dropped himself on the back again. She continued to bite his penis, leaving some fearsome marks on it. I had a hard on but I considered it a taboo to jerk off on a judicial erotica. Aunty took Meera's head away from his dick.

"Since Kunal came 16 months back, do you still produce vital proteins, Meera?" Aunty asked Meera about her breastmilk.

"Yes Ma'am, I do!" She replied.

"Would you like to donate some to our already fatigued guest here? He looks tired." Aunty threw a hard one on her.

"It would be a pleasure Ma'am." I didn't expect this easy of a reply. Meera took her T-shirt out, she undid her bra, leaving herself completely topless with her jeans still on. She started to get towards the guy's head. Aunty held his balls in her hand and began to massage on it. Meera reached his head with her boobs. She took out aunty's panties from his mouth. She squeezed one of her boobs from her own hands, it leaked pale white milk from it.

As soon as she grope her boobs tightly to make it leak, the flow came in a decent pace and all of his mouth was filled with her milk. Aunty was on her feet again,

"Drink all of it gentleman, that is all for you, but before that" She dropped two huge kick on his groin in succession. He spilled out half of the milk from his mouth in pain.

"Don't you dare take any drop out, that is for your own amusement, we are doing it for you." Saying that she dropped few kicks again. The criminal had a hard time gulping it down, but he did finally. Meera dropped some of it again, aunty kicked on his balls in the follow up. He experienced problems but took it in with total discomfort.

The black FBI lady left her seat finally. She undid the belt from her waist; She stepped forward. Aunty stopped her from getting near to bed, "Any marks on his body and we could be drawn under investigatory situations Marca, try to understand."

"How the fuck do you leave a horse shit like this pimp untidy, Anamika?" She couldn't pronounce aunty's name perfectly and I had a hard time catching her American accent.

"Step back Marca, when we could do it the cleaner way." Saying that aunty came forward to the lady and grabbed on her medium sized bust. Aunty smiled, she dropped the belt from her hands. The lady smiled back and grope aunty's ass from her denim. She began to kiss her lips and aunty returned the honours. They made out for yet another minute. It was a holy lesbians scene to have a glimpse upon. The other lady - Meera, started sliding her pants down and then her panties, leaving herself totally naked. Aunty and Marca laughed at her desperation.

Meera climbed the bed on her knees. She spread herself on the lap of 'Don L'; She started massaging his dick. She rubbed his dick tip on her pussy lips and entered it inside her. She had a massive moan, once it entered in her pussy. Aunty and Marca touched each other briefly. Marca began to pull down aunty's pants by her waist, Aunty returned the favour to her and both were left in just their panties.

Marca was an very athletic & attractive black lady with some massive curve, more than aunty I must say. Meera kept riding his cock. She held his chin and slapped on it with all the power in the world and continued to ride on him with her small waist. Aunty grabbed Marca's waist to push her in the bed. Marca was pushed to the guy's face by aunty.

Aunty asked Marca to push her ass deeper on his face. Marca started riding his face with her massive ass. The guy's face was not even visible between her ass cheeks. Aunty came forward to take it upwards again, she stretched her ass crack to some millimetres and placed Marca's dark asshole right on his nose. Aunty commanded her to start riding and she did in full throttle. The guy had tears flowing down his eyes after the suffocating facesitting he was going though.

Meera rode more than a minute on him, he came down with heavy loads in her pussy. She was also drawn to an orgasm in the meantime. As soon as Meera stepped a bit forward and sat on his stomach to start pinching his nipples, Aunty dropped a volley kick on his testicles. The guy screamed the loudest this time, I was also moved by her kick on his balls. It was very cruel. Marca smothered on his face for more than a minute down, the guy faded & stopped moving at all. Aunty picked up the glass of water from the side drawer and slammed the water from the glass on his face. He was up again, and opened his eyes.

"Don't you dare close your eyes again you pimp." Aunty shouted on him. She stepped back to kick him again on his balls. He shook in pain again and was wide awake. Marca continued to smother his face for another minute, she was tired now.

"I bet if he could take it anymore Anamika." Marca said.

"It is just the time for you to give the end product mam. It would be a moment of pride for me to watch." Meera said. Saying that Marca and Meera unmounted from his body. Aunty stepped forward. Meera came at her back, slide the panties from her waist, leaving her gigantic ass bared.

She mounted on the bed to get on his face. Marca and Meera arrived from both the sides to stretch her dark asshole and placed it on the guy's nose. Aunty closed her eyes in triumph and started to ride his face. The guy's hairs followed by the face were also drowned in aunty's big ass. Aunty rode his face softly. He was just moving his legs in the hardships. Aunty picked the pace after few movements. The guy started moving his legs much harder now.

She began riding harder now and moaned in pleasure. The guy's moans were killed under her ass. As soon as she entered the fifth minute of her smothering, the movements of the guy started slowing down, it almost stopped in few seconds. Aunty continued to ride in pleasure, while Meera noticed him. She stopped aunty from moving. Aunty stopped moving, and prepared to unmount from his face and the bed. She stood the ground naked.

Marca checked on his nostrils, didn't say a word. Aunty started to get dressed in the meantime like she knew her job was over now. Aunty put her denim back on while Meera brought water in the glass from the bathroom. She dropped the water on his face and he didn't moved or opened his eyes. She checked on his nerves and managed to speak in a low voice,

"We did it mam, he is dead." My heart went cold after I heard it.

Marca sat down on the knees and pointed her fingers towards the sky to remember god. She was up in a minute. She made her way forward to hug aunty in celebration. Meera joined in afterwards and they hugged in victory. I wanted to show up on the scene and salute aunty for her erotic encounter. The criminal who was responsible for thousands of killings, was sent to hell by aunty. I was way too proud of her.

They called their police team afterwards. They saluted aunty to a big appreciation, she returned to all of them with a smile. They took the body away from the house in a large foil bag. Marca and Meera prepared themselves to leave. They were out in some minutes. Aunty knocked on my door right after they were gone. I was not freaked out by her because I was so much proud of her after what she just did. I opened up the door.

"I'm on way towards the amusement park son where Anmol and Ananya are already having much playful times. If you need anything to eat or have to go outside somewhere, you just have to swipe the card son. I would have the meal with them." She sounded way too normal.

"It's okay masi, take care of yourself. Have a great time." Saying that I went up to hug aunty. She hugged me back. I sat on my knees to lick clean her heels with my tongue. I hugged her from her waist and wrapped my arms around her denim ass in affection, "I love you so much mistress, never take away your safe shade over me." Aunty smiled delightedly. She rubbed on my hairs and gave me a lovely pat on the back of the head.

"I love you too son." Saying that she kissed on my forehead and left.

As soon as she made her way out, I realised that it was just the last week of me with aunty, Mom-Dad would be back by next Sunday. I was saddened by the thought of getting away from her. I watched TV till the late evening. I switched to news channels at 9 and adding to my shock the news was, "Don L was found dead in the meadows at the side of the river away from the city area." It was referred to as a tragic murder by the media. I was amazed at my aunty more and I smiled in pride. The night was a soft one later, with aunty getting fucked by yet another random guy. I jerked off to their scenes before sleeping.

The next week went quite roughly, with aunty hardening my studies' chores. She was again in latex on Monday to paddle and cane uncle for his punishments. Aunty got fucked thrice by the same random guy in the week. I was caned severely at the weekend, due to my errors in answering her.

It was the Sunday, and mom-dad were finally here to take me away. Mom came to me and planted a hug on my body with,

"Did you missed us son?" Aunty was just behind us and replied in my behalf, "Yes ofcourse he did sister." She smiled.

Aunty came forward to hug me, I grope her body tighter than anything. I had tears in my eyes leaving her, so did Aunty. "Take care of yourself son, I would miss you." Saying that she wiped away my tears; I wiped hers as well. I hugged uncle to a goodbye, and kissed Ananya on her cheeks. I was finally taken in the car to leave. Aunty stood at the door until the car disappeared from the scene. I also kept looking at her until, she disappeared. She had a slight tear in her eyes when I got in the car, with them increasing in numbers as the car got away.

I reached home, and went to my room. I had a thought of caressing this place with full care, after getting back from aunty's, but it was not the same anymore. I woke up every morning for the school without any excuses. I cried evey day before bed, remembering aunty. Every where I saw, every women that came before my eyes, had her face on them. I was seeing her everywhere. Mom tried harder but she couldn't make me feel the same anymore.

It was a Sunday evening after a month since coming back from aunty's house. I was in my room studying. I had a knock on my room door. I leaped forward sluggishly to open the door. It was aunty on the other side of the room.

I stood there in silence. She came forward and locked the door from inside. "How is my son doing?" was all she said in low voice and a little teary eyes. I threw myself in her arms with my eyes flooding out of tears. I kissed all over her face, going down to hug her by her belly, I cried the hardest, I ever did. Aunty brought me up to hold me in her arms strongly. We wiped each other's tears and came out of the room. Mom stood outside with a smile.

She held me in her arms like a cotton bunny, while mom and aunty talked about their trip to the USA. She kissed my cheeks in between the halts. I felt safer than ever. She took me in the car in the name of a long drive. She drove in the city area for ten minutes until I spoke, "Where are we going aunty?"

"Home, son." saying that she hiked her kurti up and slid her leggings down, baring her little hairy pussy.

"Come on son, be a fruitful past time for your mistress on the way towards home, and don't get hard much because it's school tomorrow. You have been away from a very long, so a lot of covering up of the syllabus is needed. I would be very hard on you son." She secured me to her pussy. She held her emotions back, while smiled when saying that. I knew what was going to happen now, I had tears out of joy after hearing that.

I got down under the seat, and between her big thighs to start licking her pussy. I felt all of my salty water from the eyes followed by her pussy juice on my tongue. She threw a jet of cum on my face after a minute of licking. I smiled with my eyes closed and wiped it away from my face. Aunty looked down in my eyes with a smile. We reached home.

***********************

Next part: Please tell me by your comments if a next part should be made. I want to write it with aunty's narrative words. Aunty as a dominant structure in the justice firm, also in the house, only if you fancy reading it. Thank you.

Aunty's Darker Side Exposed Ch. 04
byBriano82©

Introduction: After various sets of messages and comments, I have finally written the fourth part of this series. This is long and rich with eroticism, and would ask your patience. I hope to satisfy the arousing of the readers whom wanted this to happen. Thank you.

A quick recap: Sushant's aunty is a dominant partner in her marriage with his submissive uncle. She is a highly empowered woman, the only female Deputy Inspector General (D.I.G.) of the state. Sushant happens to stay with his aunty in his parents' absence, where he finds out her various instincts as a dominant party in her marriage with his uncle. Aunty enslaves Sushant as well in her shade when she comes to know about the degradation of his academics' progress. Sushant falls in love with his Aunty's domination upon him and he decides to move in permanently with her.

*************

I called for the cab to get in it. The driver started to take the cab away from the school area. Apathetically, I placed my paining lower back firmly on the seat by not applying much pressure on it. I had developed a habit of hating Mondays even more, not because it's the first working day after the weekend, but because of the pain I have been experiencing on my buttocks after every Saturday's judicial punishments.

I was poor in answering to her oral tests on the Reporting day and didn't improvise much either on the other day. Aunty used a 4 feet long and a 2 inched thick bamboo cane to roughly and mercilessly smack 20 times on my teeny butt. Following her sadistic side, there was an equally softer side of her as well. She placed me over her knees and used the entire weekend to rub the soothing ointment on my welts with a wet cotton fiber, for a good dozen of times. I loved her dominant presence in my life. It has been two months since I moved in with Aunty and Uncle, and I had never been able to take her out of my mind since then.

The cab driver stopped at the lawn of the house. I came out of the cab to get in the house. Aunty had a half day and she was already home, her beacon light SUV was already in the lawn. I unlocked the door with the key. There was no single pupil in the hallway as I entered in. I assumed that they must be in their room. I started to walk on the stairs to go to their room's window.

As soon as I took my eyes in, My late thirties' Uncle was laid in the bed on his stomach, and tears were flowing down rapidly from his eyes. I had a peek at Uncle's ass and it had fresh creepy red lines all over it. Aunty was still in her tight latex suit with the thick whip and the wooden cane placed at the side of the bed. I could assume what uncle went through on his punishment day. Aunty liked her married life under the crack of the whip. Though he was very less error prone since adapting to the slavery, Aunty still punished him ruthlessly on weekly basis to keep him broken.

Beyond her senior police inspector service, Aunty never refrained to follow her prepared schedule for things. Aunty got a syringe, and small cylindrical Diazepam ( sleeping dose) bottle from the side drawer. She kneeled in to sanitize Uncle's whipped ass skin with a wet cotton fibre. She pulled the plunger backwards to fill the needle with the dose. She leaned in again to insert the needle in his loose ass skin. Aunty pushed the plunger forward to inject the dose in him. She was more like an expert. Uncle's body shivered in pain as soon as she injected it in him. His eyes edged closer to get shut after getting drugged by the sleeping dose.

I continued to peep in as aunty stepped back to place the tools in the cupboard again. I massaged on my already hard penis after getting the view of her fleshy pear body in the latex with her muscular legs and her full forty inched ass sticking out of the tight suit. She started to unzip the suit out of her body. I kept on massaging on my pants as she stripped herself to her black lace bra and matching lace panties.

I had goosebumps running all over my body as I checked her out in the whole. Aunty's 5'9 bulgy structure looked more divine in her undergarments. By the continuously rubbing on my shaft while looking at my goddess, I developed some precum on my tip. Aunty raised her hands behind her head to tie her open hairs in a high looped bun and dressed herself in the loose T-shirt and shorts. Uncle was well asleep by now as Aunty helped the blanket on his nude whipped body. She held his head close to her bust, while rubbed on his head and kissed on his forehead, showing her deep love for his submissive husband. I started to depart from the window.

I entered my room and jerked off roughly on my shaft. Changing myself to some comfort wears, I came out of the room to eat something. As soon as I came out, I saw aunty already in the couch with her bare feet under the shorts laid flat upon the table. She was reading the newspaper. She heard the slamming on my door, and turned her head backwards. My feet started shivering automatically as soon as our eyes met. Aunty smiled at me, I smiled back.

I went downstairs in the kitchen to get something to eat. Aunty kept her eyes straight on the newspaper while continued to look at the tories. She turned her eyes at me and asked for a glass of water. I started to take my shivering feet towards her with the glass in my hand. I handled it to her, Aunty took it from my hand with a smile and gulped it down. She got the glass on the table.

"Turn around son." Aunty said in her heavy and stern voice.

I didn't waste a moment and turned around without a word. Aunty grabbed me by the waist from the back and she slide my shorts down from the hip. I felt nothing covering my butt as it was entire bare before her. Aunty roamed her fingers over my bare ass. I fussed heavily in pain as soon as her fingers roamed over the swollen welts. My freshly turned adolescence didn't matter to my late thirties Aunty, as she checked out my butt in the whole. She didn't say anything, and turned me around from the waist.

She did look at my hard penis sticking out from my shorts in its full length. Aunty tapped on her legs and looked at me. I knew what to do, and got laid over her knees. Aunty adjusted my skinny body against her substantial thighs. She started to rub the cold wet cotton on my ass. I moaned a little in pain. I loved her touch on my bare butt. My hard penis was between her knees as she continued to do it. My bottom felt nice and cool once she was done.

"It would be healed by tomorrow son." Saying that she patted on my butt a little. Aunty leaned forward to plant some sweet kisses on my butt. My dick had a massive discomfort between her knees as aunty kissed on my butt for the fifth time. I held myself still and tried not to moan. Aunty dropped me off her knees. She placed me next to her on the couch. Doing that, she held me tightly in her arms.

Aunty wrapped her stout fat arms around me and made her thick body to press against my medium structure. My head was laid very comfortably on her full round 34D cups. She kissed me on my cheeks; rubbed gently on my back. I felt so little under her.

"How's the school son?" Aunty inquired in her soft tone. She kissed at the side of my head.

"It was good aunty." I didn't let her say anything in return and asked in a low tone, "How is uncle? Is he fine?"

"He would be good enough to do the chores this night. His skin tackled the breaking from the edges even after the one dozen of strokes with the cane and whip simultaneously. He forgot to do Ananya's dirty knickers two nights ago so he had it coming anyway.

I have already called Dr. Anushka to pay a visit tomorrow. He doesn't needs a treatment right now but he will surely do after I punish him again tonight. Fair to say, but once I would get done with it, he would be in a heaps of pain so bad that would fear even an image of a knicker in his head, and would never forget to clean it again." There was no regret flowing down her stern voice. Aunty didn't tolerate mistakes, I knew that. She kept her soft fingers running under my hairs.

"Does the Devansh guy from your school still bothers you, son?" Aunty added. It was the same guy that has been constantly bullying me since last month. I have never talked about him with anyone. I didn't know how did she come to know about him.

"Aunty....." I mumbled.

"Anyways!!" she stopped me in between "I think my nephew is growing up, he shouldn't be treated like a kid anymore. Am I right son?" Aunty looked in my eyes and kept running her soft hand in my hairs. I didn't understand what she was talking about. I stayed mum and kept looking in her eyes. Aunty's eyes were angelic and hypnotic. I got drowned completely in the beauty of it. "Am I right son?" Aunty raised her pitch. I was up from my arousal.

"Yes..yes.. masi, you are right!" I said sluggishly.

"Your uncle's family have a little religious trip arranged for 30 days from tomorrow. He would be leaving tomorrow night." Aunty informed me.

"And?" I interrogated.

"And son, I am letting him to go with his family and some old friends. Beyond the anonymous status he possesses in our marriage, Anmol is still a highly respected man in the society. I love him for that. Your grandmother who is also my mother was very fiercely keen to keep Ananya with her for some days. I didn't stop her from taking Ananya with her. That leaves both of us alone in the house for a while." Aunty kept talking as her expressions started to change a little.

"What's the point masi?" I asked in an apprehensive tone.

"I would be without a husband for some days, son. We have not been apart from each other ever since I took charge. I don't want to be alone without a partner, without a husband, without an appropriate and competent SLAVE." Aunty's raised exquisite pitch on the last word felt very demanding. I stared deeply in her angelic eyes. She had a sudden worry and sadness in her eyes. I couldn't have appreciated any less spark in my Aunty's eyes. I loved her so much.

I started to bend down on my knees at the floor. I kissed her one foot from the top and then did the same to the other one. I raised my head from the ground to look at her, "I could be what you are looking for Aunty." I kept kissing her feet. Aunty was already looking down at me with an anticipating smile, like she knew the script.

"Are you sure son?" Aunty kept running her hand in my hairs as she asked in her soft voice. I felt like a little pet to her. I was longing to show my reluctance but her strict tone and tempting eyes forced me to do the complex stating. "I'm sure, Aunty." Saying that, I kissed on her feet again.

"I would test your skills till tomorrow to approve your submission to me." Saying that Aunty slid her shorts down to the knees, and exposed her lace panties over her wide hips. She held my head and forced my face on her panties from the front. Aunty's heavy palms rubbed my nose on her panties, I sniffed on the black lace covering her pussy. It had the honeyed smell of aunty's pubic region. Aunty stopped me in between.

Aunty turned around and lounged on the couch. She looked quite fine and erotic in the couch. Her ass was thrice the size of my face and was laid just a millimeter away from me. I couldn't see anything at front but just her wide gigantic butt close to my face.

"I'm feeling a little tired from the work and then whipping him. Aunty wants you to lavish her butt with attention son." Aunty said, and instantly closed her eyes in the couch for a little cat nap. I had to pass in my slavery test, in order to be what I wanted to. I wedged my little face between her very wide butt. She had me deeply inhale her asshole, in long deep sniffs just because it felt comfortable to her. 'Inhale' she ordered in her strict accent while kept her eyes closed. I filled my lungs with her ass air.

Eventually she was tired of my inhaling and said, 'Now, lick it', making me lick her asshole as she started to drift off to sleep. Aunty was snoozing in a minute, but my job was far from done. I licked and slurped her anus repeatedly until told otherwise. I didn't want to displease her and kept on doing it. Aunty had a body to die for and I was getting the best out of it but only for sometime. She had a long hour sleep and my face was accustomed to the smell of her ass fumes from the anus as it was lost in her big butt in the meantime. I was suffocated, used and toyed by my mistress.

Aunty woke up after an hour. She took her head down to have a look at me. My fatigued tongue were still licking her wrinkled anus. "Stop it son, it's done now." She said in a trembling voice and followed by a big huge yawn. I got my face out of her wide crack. Aunty lifted her big body and sat on the couch. She held my sweaty face to clean it with a washing cloth.

"You have done a tremendous job son. Aunty is delighted to say that you passed your round one comfortably. You are such a proud substance." Aunty's accent was medium and filled with appreciations, and she patted on my cheeks a little. I was a little gleeful. "Now come here son, and let Aunty reward you." Aunty fit her hands on my narrow hips and dragged me forward. She started to rub on my clothed pubic area from the front.

"I want to use you son, use you as a man because you have grown up and you are not a kid anymore. Am I right?" She said with her soft hands touching all over my pubic area beneath the shorts. I closed my eyes in pleasure.

"Yes masi, use me." I muttered slowly with my eyes closed. Aunty grabbed the sides of my shorts and ripped it apart with the strength in her arms. She threw the pieces sideways. I was in shock following her desperation. I was left totally naked under my waist.

Aunty held my shoulders and brought my body up. She placed my head over her breasts which was covered with the T-shirt, and I felt her round bust under my cheeks. Aunty used her feet to fit my penis between them. My 7 inched property was surrounded by her feet.

"Look at your length, it's not of a boy nomore." Saying that, she got the grip tighter between her feet. She rubbed on it softly by moving the skin back and forth with her feet. I had some heavy breathe running down my nostrils. Aunty rubbed my face on her boobs while kept giving me a footjob. My open mouth in pleasure was fitted on her big bust as I moaned heavily in pleasure.

Aunty kissed on my head and kept rubbing my face on her round bust. "I love you, son. You are the best slave any woman can get." Aunty kept repeating the same words for a minute after subsequent laps of few seconds. She continued to jerk off my dick with her feet. Suddenly Aunty's pitch started to go up with little anxious grinding between her teeth, and she increased her pace on my penis. She glued my head on her bust and hugged me tightly from the top, while kept doing my dick hardly between her feet.

My dick shoot out some thick jets of cum. I cried loudly in pleasure as it happened. She grabbed my cheeks and planted two lovely peck of kisses on my teeny lips. Aunty pushed me away from her and I fell down on the floor. As soon as I reached the floor, my eyes roamed around to see the mess that was created there. Aunty's top of the feet, thumb and few fingers were covered with my white liquid.

"Who will clean it slave?" Aunty questioned in a steamy tone. I was afraid to answer but I did with the fake ease over my face. I went forward to take the wash cloth from the couch.

"Did I forgot to tell you son? You have to use your tongue!" Aunty looked at me with her wide eyes and little grin. I kept looking at her for few seconds to give away my undesired feeling about doing it. Aunty didn't change her reactions and kept looking at me. Suddenly I was left with no other option but to do it in order to serve her whim.

I bent down to take my head on her foot. I used my tongue to clear out my thick and smelly white goo from the top of her foot. I did the same to her thumb and fingers of the feet. Aunty also made me lick away the cum from some edges of the couch where the jet sprinkled some drops. Aunty smiled at me with her beautiful face and pointed her fingers towards the bathroom. I entered in it and used the mouthwash to orally rinse off the dirt from my tongue.

I came out of the bathroom. Aunty was up from the couch and was taking the shorts back on her 40 inched butt. I reached at her side and looked at her fairly shaped brown face. "Prepare the tea for both of us son. Don't bother to cover yourself from the bottom because by the end of this second round, you just came 10 years back in your life. By the end of the fourth, Aunty would give you a new birth. Now start to move on beta." Aunty's tough and stern words were enough to scare me.

I went into the kitchen with just the T-shirt on my body and started making the tea for both of us. Aunty climbed the stairs before entering in her room. She came out of it after a few minutes with an emblem labelled file. I assumed it to be one of her police department files. In the meantime, I served the tea in two cups. Both of us had a nice large sips on the cups with a reluctant silence in the air.

Aunty ordered me to get my mathematics book from the room. She ticked off the chapters that she wanted me to get done for the Reporting day. Aunty didn't let me leave and kept me with her to teach me some valuable mathematics formulas. I sat down on the cold floor with my bare teeny bottom. She was a good enough teacher as any normal Ph.D professor. Aunty kept herself busy on the phone calls regarding patrolling in areas, raids and some criminals' encounters. I kept my focus in my mathematics book. We were there for almost two hours.

"You can move son. You are supposed to keep yourself trapped inside the room until 9 and come out directly for the dinner. Are we clear?" Aunty raised her pitch as she commanded in a judicial tone. I answered in her favour. Aunty held me from my waist and kissed on my cheek and said softened her tone again as she came near to me, "Aunty loves you so much son."

"I love you too, masi." She smiled after hearing my gentle words, I smiled back. I gathered the ripped peices of my shorts from the floor and started to move in my room.

Disobeying her orders, I was still very keen to go to her room because I have never left myself out of seeing the actions. I watched from the crack of the window as Aunty started to go towards her room. I checked her presence in the nearby and made my way with silent feet at the window of her room. I fit my eyes in, and saw aunty approaching uncle's bed side. Uncle was asleep with the dose over his head. Aunty bent forward to kiss on both of his cheeks,

"It's not all up-to me baby, you have played your part by choosing your role in this relationship. I know you would forgive me." Aunty was talking to a slept uncle. He didn't hear anything what she just said. Aunty stepped back and took the leather whip out of the closet. She held the glass full of water in her hands and splashed it hardly on uncle's face. He was up from his sleep in a rush.

Aunty spoke out loudly in her strict tone, "Let's go baby, it's time for your punishment 2.0." She looked very angry, and attractive at the same time. Uncle had an obedient look over his face. He prepared to sluggishly get himself out of the bed and bent over the edge to give aunty the full access of his already well whipped ass. With time, the welts on his ass from the earlier whipping were swollen. Aunty had a little sorry look over her face after looking at the swellings, but it didn't take a second to change into the fierce expressions again.

Aunty swung the whip in the air and brought it down with a heavy intensity on his red ass. The striking sound was similar to a gunfire. Uncle cried loudly in pain. I had my feet shivering by the sound of it. Aunty stepped back again and started to drop the whip with no less impact on his already loose butt. Uncle's cries echoed through the entire room and went higher and higher with each stroke.

Uncle was going through this for not remembering to change his little daughter's knickers. Aunty didn't ignore mistakes and this was the transparency of her strict attitude towards disciplining. Aunty's expressions didn't change since and she stopped at the 10th merciless strike. She got the whip back in the closet. Uncle's butt had a really bad situation as it looked and I felt very bad for him. He stayed bent over the edge and was shivering badly. Aunty started to come over to his back. She nudged on his head e little and called him out in a her soft tone again, "Anmol?"

Uncle turned around, and quickly wrapped his hands around her waist to hug her tightly from her stomach. He started to cry harder due to the pain and suffering. My heart went cold as I continued to look inside. Aunty gently rubbed the back of his head, while looked down at him with her sorry expressions. Even though with the worse grief and crying of uncle, Aunty managed to not drop any tears from her eyes. She was a very strong woman with an iron heart. Uncle cried like a one year old and kept his hold tight at her mid section.

Aunty lovingly wiped all the tears out of his face. She placed him firmly on his stomach in the bed. While I was focused for the next scene, I heard a car parking in the lawn. I quickly started to disperse from the window and locked myself in the room again. The doorbell rang, Aunty undid the room to go downstairs to open the door. I looked keenly from the window crack. It was a woman on the door talking to Aunty. Due to their unfavourable angular positioning, I couldn't see the woman clearly from the window.

I moved my eyes here and there to look in hallway conventionally. She displayed as an average built lady, and Aunty's body next to her appeared to be exceeding more than twice of her size. She had a milky white body tone and her shiny glossy hairs were hanging down from her shoulders. She looked very stylish in a blue embroidered round neck, low cut top. It was navel high, loose and flowing around her medium bust, but tight on her waist. She had a beige slim fit trousers at the bottom, that gave out a good view of her fairly shaped legs.

I roamed my eyes on her fair white hand and it hanged a stethoscope from it. I waited a second until she was visible. It was Doctor Anushka walking and laughing with Aunty. Doctor Anushka was a very gorgeous woman and also one of her kind because there must be very few women in the world as bold and beautiful as her.

Her height ended just above Aunty's shoulders. She walked upstairs with Aunty as I watched her from very close after she passed from the window. Her sparkling white teeth inside her open laughing mouth got me in tickling goosebumps all over my body. My feelings were stuck somewhere between the hard running heartbeats and a little bulgy erection. Doctor Anushka was a woman in her early thirties and very very beautiful. Both of them entered in the room with each other. I undid my room door again to silently go to the window.

I fit my head at it and started to look inside. Aunty placed a chair at the edge of the bed to let Doctor Anushka have a seat. She had a normal reaction after looking at his nastily whipped butt. She put on a glove in her hand and touched and pressed on uncle's welts with it. Uncle fussed heavily as soon as she got her hand on his welts. Anushka cleaned his welted ass with some cotton beads and applied antiseptic on it. She took out a box of bandage to start curling it up on his butt. She banded his whole butt in the swathes of beige coloured bandage.

"You don't appear this sadistic by your innocent looks Anamika, look at his poor bottom." Anushka said in a pensive tone.

"Oh really, Do you?" Aunty built on to the sarcasm.

"Fair enough, mam." They both started laughing on Anushka's words.

"Would you like to have some tea, dear?" Aunty asked tenderly to her.

"Water!" Anushka replied. Aunty smiled and gave her the glass of water. She gulped it down. In the meantime, Aunty placed uncle safely in the bed and started to take the blanket upon his body. Getting herself at the edge of the bed, she placed uncle's head on her lap and started to gently tap on it with care to help him fall asleep.

"How many more did you get introduce to recently?" Anushka asked Aunty as she placed the glass on the sideways. Aunty raised her eyebrows in enthusiasm as she leaned in to kiss on Uncle's forehead and tapped more on his head to get him to sleep.

She answered in between, "A new one last week only. He showed up thrice in the week. He would just come directly from his work. You can't measure a man's desperation." Aunty laughed on it. I assumed that she was talking about the guy that intensely made love to her thrice in the last week.

"You? Aunty asked her in return.

"Same old, Same old. I didn't get hit by many good ones, but certainly recalled an old mutual friend. RAJIV!" Anushka raised her pitch on the name and gave a devilish smile. Aunty raised her eyebrows in anticipation as she nodded with a smile. I knew Rajiv though, the same billionaire alpha guy whom fucked Aunty quite often. He was always a nasty baller in bed.

"Even, Purav loved his size in his mouth again and ofcourse I did as well in my..." Anushka added. They both got into a hard laughing. I couldn't believe the beautiful bitch that Dr. Anushka was. Aunty caressed uncle's cheeks with her hands and kept her eyes at Anushka, while they continued to talk. Uncle was fully asleep by now in Aunty's lap.

"It's been long since we had a crossover?" Anushka said to aunty in an interrogated tone. Aunty sluggishly mumbled in some big 'ummms'. I didn't understand what they were talking about. I kept peeping in and heard them talking. "We are up in a week, Anamika, and you can't deny it. It's an order." Anushka said in an enthusiastic tone. Aunty thought hardly for a little while and was smiling heavily under her heart.

"Don't expect everything very straightforward, you might get hit by a surprise babe." Aunty winked against her and grinned lightly.

"I'd love that!" Anushka said and laughed back with her pretty face. "Cut it loose from his butt in 15 hours, he would be healed enough by then." She informed aunty and wrote some precautions on a plane paper. She put some white capsule box on the side table and gave Aunty a devilish smile. Aunty blushed a little as she had a look at it.

Aunty took uncle's head from her thighs and put it firmly on the pillow. He was by now snoozing and fell asleep in peace as Aunty got up from the bed. They were going to come out in a bit. I was still bottomless and by the frigthening of getting caught, I ran back in the room. I watched Doctor Anushka's angelic face from a close range again as they were walking downstairs. Aunty nicely bade her the farewell on the door. They hugged and Doctor Anushka left with her fluffy wavy hairs like an attendant of divine.

I watched Aunty coming upstairs, and got away from the window. Coming at my door steps, she knocked at it. I had goosebumps flowing down my entire body with a little shiver in my legs. I gulped down my fear and moved forward to reach to the door, and opened it up. Aunty stood tall against me and made her way in. I was still naked from the bottom and had a little erection propelled out. Aunty looked at it, she smiled gently. She came forward to grab me from my waist, and murmured slowly after coming close,

"Ready for the round 3 son? It's called 'Return the favour'." Aunty spoke out with her tempting tone, my index fingers sized nipples of her were bruising my chest and my dick was grown tightest in it's maximum size.

"Yes Aunty, I am ready." I said in my smooth and scared accent. I didn't know what the code-name of the round meant. Aunty placed me firmly on the bed and sat on my side. "Always remember son, once you fail your submission gets sent back to you." Aunty said lusciously. Before I could answer anything, she started to come more close.

Aunty grabbed me by my hairs and pulled me closer. She started to kiss on my lips. I kissed her back. Aunty wrapped her plump arms against my body and locked me with her, and opened her lips to go deeper in my mouth. She didn't let me move and continued to toy me. Our tongues danced upon each other. Aunty held my tongue between her lips and continued to kiss me passionately. She had some great kissing skills. I kept kissing back on her cultivated lips.

Aunty placed my hand on her large 34D cup. I couldn't squeeze her big bust at once in my miniature palm and pressed firmly on the boob in parts. We kept kissing the hell out of our lips. Aunty got away from my head a little. She removed her T-shirt off her head to leave herself topless. She didn't had any bra inside and I saw her hard nipples at the centre of her wide brown region on the big cups.

Aunty directed my head against her chest. I planted some big open mouth kisses on her mature bust. I pressed it firmly from the sides and got her nipple in my mouth. I had a taste of her sweet breast milk from the nipples. Aunty held my head tightly and moaned in pleasure as I continued to slug her sweet milk in. I opened my mouth wider and wider to passionately admire her big cups between my teeny lips.

Aunty stopped me in between. She got away from the bed and stood at my study table. It was a fairly heightened, four and a half feet table from the ground. Aunty bent herself over it and I got the view of her wide gigantic butt at the bottom of her big bent body. "Come on son, use your Aunty." Aunty said as she tapped on her ample butt cheeks, giving me a lot bitchy invitation. I had a heartbeats' marathon in enthusiasm. I started to take my shivering feet at her.

I grabbed the top of her shorts on the wide hips and slide it down to her thighs leaving her big ass bare. I came very close to her double size ass from my narrow hips. I took my penis at her pussy from the back and started to slide it in. As soon as I got my dickhead in her loose vagina opening, she stopped me in between.

"Bless my anus son." Aunty said in an inviting tone. Aunty's smile was irresistible, and I went on with flow. I took the head out of her vagina and placed it on the top of her anus. I spitted on her anus to lubricate my way inside. Following my peeping in from the window, I have seen her taking it in the ass by her muscular lovers but I didn't know about my potential. I was afraid to go ahead but held my dick to take it in.

I held my dick to shove it in her anus opening, it was tight and stiff. It was very hard time to get my size in but I still managed to get my entire length in her anus, stretching her anus four times to it's initial size. Aunty opened her mouth and moaned loudly as she tried to take the pain in. I started to move myself back and forth to propel my dick in her tight hole. I moaned heavily. Aunty had her mouth opened up since the start as I kept hitting my miniature hips on her big wide ass. Aunty was whining loudly in arousal and pain. I felt myself leading to an orgasm pretty soon.

"I'm on the verge masi." I said as I slowed down my pace in and out of her anus. Aunty pointed her fingers at her butt crack. I fucked her anus sluggishly some more as she built on with the loud moans. I got the dick out of her anus. She closed her eyes and laid her head on the table as I leaked all over her crack.

"You know what to do son, do it before it dribbles out if you don't intend to be a pup." Aunty had a tenderly low tone but still much commanding to quickly get me to work.

I took my head on her wide butt and worked my tongue on my own white seeds. I cleaned all the cum from her butt with my tongue, a mess was filled in my mouth. "Burn your appetite with it son, it is destined for it." Aunty said in her bewildering accent and she unbent herself from the table. I was out of option but to obey her. I gulped it down my stomach; I didn't like the taste but it was not any of the matter to her.

Aunty kissed my forehead to admire my obedience and said, "Take my place son, it's time to return the favour, which was the game remember?" Aunty kissed on my cheeks.

I bent myself over the study table as Aunty went out of the room. I was scared of what I had coming from there. Aunty came back in a few minutes. I turned my head from sideways to have a look. Aunty had a big 8 inched long and 2 inched wide strap-on over her naked hips. My body shivered out of fear after I had a look over her.

"My nephew is a lovely little man and I love him so much, but that couldn't make me to offer him a lesser difficult life as a slave." Aunty said after coming at my back.

Aunty brought the lube bottle with a pouring cup and fixed it on the top of my anus. I felt the cold lube liquid flowing in my butt channel. Aunty used her fingers to let it wet the area around my anus region. She slide her two fingers at once in my asshole. Perhaps, I was still an anal virgin and I moaned in pain as she dig in her fingers. Aunty started to get her fingers in and out of my anus a few times to help it loose it's tightness. I kept whispering out of the pain of stretching.

Aunty aimed the dildo at my anus and started to get it inside of my hole. She spread my sphincter wide and shoved in it's entire size in my asshole. I cried loudly in pain, as the dildo got lost in my deep hole. My cock hanged unused as Aunty started to fuck me anally. Her wide hips kept hitting continuously on my small butt.

Aunty threw her one foot over me, and on the table to get a better angle of propulsion in my anus. She coerced her very heavy weight on my little bottom and continued to get the dildo in and out of my little hole. Aunty began to hit my prostate inside the anus while I whined loudly in pain. She had no mercy flowing down inside of herself and she kept on using me as her skinny little bitch. My moan once reached the very peak as I experienced an prostate milking from my dick. It leaked out a heap of cum on the table, my body was well drained by then. Aunty still fucked me for ten long minutes.

Aunty wiped my milked cum from her fingers and drowned her fingers in her own mouth to slurp it all. She grabbed my well fatigued body and threw me forcibly in the bed. The force she instilled in her forearms made it clear that she meant the throwing. My feelings turned impulsive after getting used as a bitch by my aunty. I had some heavy breathe out of my nostrils as I looked to immune myself again. My anus was well widened due to the abuse it took and I felt the cool ambience air hitting my bowel clearly.

Aunty came close to me and adjusted me in the bed properly. She got laid over my body and held my chain to open my mouth wide. Aunty opened her lips, and locked it with my open mouth. She started to kiss me, while used her spits to fill my stomach with my cum from her mouth. Aunty stopped kissing me, and whispered in a low tone,

"You are almost there son, completion of fourth round tomorrow and you would be a verified slave to your Aunty. Wow!" Her tone was sexy and sensuous. She started to take the blanket on my body and placed my head in her lap to start patting on it.

Aunty was doing the same to me what she did to uncle earlier. I felt like a 2 years old as she started to pat on my head with her soft palms. I came back in time for real as she stated earlier. With her soft little pats, I was slowly drawing myself to sleep in her lap. Aunty pressed her lips on my forehead while I was half asleep. Aunty safely put my face up from her thighs and placed it on the pillow. I went to sleep with a smile on my face.

The next morning, I woke up early in my bed following my early apart at 6:00. I had some very deep pain in my anus after Aunty's hard pegging from last night. I sluggishly made my way to their window. I fit my eyes at it to look inside the room. I saw Aunty fully naked with her one muscular leg laid on uncle's medium hips as they were asleep in a sweet and hot cuddle, facing each other. Aunty wrapped her hand on uncle's head which was firmly placed on her bust under her neck.

Uncle had his hand on Aunty's naked butt, and I saw some soft nail bruises on his back. By the position they were, it seemed like they had a fine hot night together in the bed. Uncle's ass was clothed with the swathes of bandage over it. Aunty started to move a little and she opened her eyes up. She undid her leg from his hips to set him free. She kissed on his forehead, and smiled a little from her messy sleepy face.

Uncle smiled back, and with his heavy whipped body, he started to get out of the bed slowly. He placed himself on the knees at the floor. Aunty stretched her body leisurely while began to mount on his head. She hanged her one leg from his shoulder and fit her urethra on his open mouth. Aunty closed her eyes while sent all the piss from her stomach to his mouth. Uncle gulped it down obediently. She leaned down to kiss on his forehead. Uncle started to drag himself slowly in the bathroom.

Aunty put on her undergarments and then her tight leggings followed by the hoodie at her top. I got away from the window and started to go into the room. I undid my door to get in.

"Oh, you are up son." Aunty rendered after coming out. I closed my eyes in agony. I didn't intend to face her this morning. I turned around to give away a fake smile and said, "Yes Aunty, I was just doing the door quietly."

"Quietly... hmm... you were planning to avoid your aunty, that's rude." Aunty said in a sarcastic tone. I smiled willingly on her words. Aunty was a woman with a wonderful humour flowing inside of her.

"It's not that like that masi..." I said with a little grin and rubbed the back of head shyly.

"It is, It is like that son." Aunty spoke out funnily. We both got into laughing in a while.

She came towards me in her tights and stood tall very close to me. Aunty took her head to my ears, she whispered, "Turn around and get your shorts down son, Aunty would want to have a look." Suddenly her tone changed, the fear inside me revived itself again.

I turned around and with a heavy shivering body and slide my shorts down to leave myself bottomless. Aunty put her hands on my ass cheeks to stretch it wide. I was quickly drawn to an erection as soon as her soft hands touched my ass in the whole. She bent her head a bit to take a good look at my widened anus. Aunty inflicted a light pat on my small bottom and got my shorts placed on my butt again.

Aunty fit her one hand on my covered butt while dragged me closer with the other. "Get the tea ready son, your fourth round would be held once I come back. Aunty expects you to be ready." Aunty instructed me in her soft strict tone. I said nothing but nodded my head in agreement. Aunty smiled and turned towards the stairs to start walking with me. She put my one hand around her soft curvy waist and kept her strong grip on my butt crack. We walked downstairs together.

Aunty kissed me on the cheek and left for her workout sessions. I was in a tingled awe as if what was going to happen after she comes back. I feared a whipping or blistering on my teeny skin. Getting my thoughts together, I started doing the tea. I did the tea and had a bath in quick succession. I was just going to get dressed in my school uniform, when I heard someone climbing the stairs. Aunty was back.

She knocked on my door. I was very much horrified and took my shivering feet at the door. I opened it up. I was just in my underwear. Aunty's tall structure was wet with sweat after the workout. I looked into her eyes as she smiled at me. She put her hands on my waist and forced me by her strength to get on my knees. I placed myself on the floor.

Aunty turned around with her heavy round ass and placed it just above my nose. Aunty's leggings were smelly as I inhaled her luscious sweat from it. She started to get the under armour leggings down to bare her 40 inched butt. It was covered with the sprinkles of sweat all over it's fair white edges.

"Use your tongue son, clean your aunty out of this mess." Aunty said judicially.

I was lost in the sensuous smell of her sweat and something accidentally came out of my mouth, and I said, "Okay Mistress". Aunty turned her head around to look at me with an urging grin. I took my tongue at her comfy butt skin at the edge to lick the small area clean. The taste of the sweat didn't matter anymore. I managed to clean her entire gigantic bottom in the next minute with my tongue. Aunty made me do her well toned wrinkled inner thighs and muscular calves as well. I did her entire bottom comfortably.

She called me up and then bared her bust to get the service of my tongue at the top. She bared herself from every part of her body, to get my tongue clean her skin. Aunty was well naked in her goddess' body and I left every corner spotless with my tongue. She kept smiling as I cleaned her. Aunty put her hands up to reveal her underarms, she commanded to get the last body part done as well.

She had a hairy, and a sweet smelly underarm. I placed my tongue in each tip to clean her area. Aunty put her hand down to lock my face between it. Suddenly her gentle smile changed, she looked at me with her fiercest look and smothered my head under her hairy arms. I was not able to get out of her strong clutch and stayed there getting suffocated. Aunty laughed loudly and set my head free after a minute.

"There is this one last section left son. Get down and follow me." Aunty was back on with her tough commanding tone. I got on my knees and Aunty held my ear as a leash to make me walk in the bathroom like a pup. I followed her on my moving knees. She placed my head in the toilet seat, I didn't protest and let her do it. She placed her hips on the seat above my face, and got my mouth fitted at her urethral opening. I felt the pressure of her heavy butt on on my face.

"Open your mouth son. This is the last part until you earn your degree."

As soon as I opened my mouth wide, Aunty pissed in my mouth. The taste was not tolerant by many miles and I had problems in breathing after gulping it down my throat. Aunty did it all and I gulped it down following my obedience. Aunty got her butt off my face, and then herself out of the toilet seat. She looked down as I couldn't breathe properly and I kept coughing up for a minute following her piss's bad taste, she didn't do anything to help me and kept looking down with her amused look. She was enjoying my state.

"This is not an obedience test son, the taste of my piss would last for a very long in your mouth, and would continue to remind you about your Aunty's dominance over you. I didn't expect you to complete the test though. I'm glad you made it through, I love you SLAVE." Aunty raised her voice and looked at me with her wide eyes. I felt very little as if I have just come out of my aunty like a newborn. I kissed her feet in admiration.

Aunty took her feet away from my mouth and kicked me on my shoulders to make me fall on the floor. As aunty started to make her way out, She stepped over my body to crush me under her heavy weight. She didn't look back and kept walking out of the bathroom with her big naked body and swaying ass at the bottom. I suddenly liked what I was going through. I had a mouth wash to get away from the taste of her piss. I dressed myself in the school uniform after getting out of the bathroom.

Aunty was out of her room in the next minute. She was dressed in her green and yellow police uniform, that traced her judicial goddess' avatar. She always had her shirt tucked in the pant to show her respect for the uniform. The D.I.G marking three stars with the Indian emblem, shined on both of her shoulders as she walked forward. I just felt like getting down on my knees to start worshipping her again. With her hand at my waist, and mine crossed around her round butt over the uniform, We came out of the house like a couple.

Aunty unlocked her beacon light SUV. We got in and she started driving me towards the school. The route was badged with silence. She stopped just at the school gate. She got out first and did the door for me to come out. Putting me in her arms , she hugged me tightly with her warm body. We hugged like two lovers before the school gate, our bodies glued with each other with her D cups squeezed to zero on my chest. Aunty kissed on my cheek and let me go.

I entered in the school. Aunty was right, the taste of her piss didn't go away from my mouth and her dominance cloud kept roaming over my head. The day at the school started. The Devansh guy from my class and his set of friends mocked me and others with their absurd comments following the daily routine. I didn't really understand the issue with him. I kept my head at the studies and then aunty in the spare time. The school came to an end which meant I could go home again. 'As close to her, as safe I be', was the only mantra I had flowing in my mind.

The cab stopped at the lawn. I paid and got out of it. Aunty was already home. I didn't make much noise while entering in, and with some less chaotic steps, I went upstairs. I fit my eyes at the window of their room to peep inside.

Aunty was in the leaning chair with her legs spread wide, and doing some police files. Uncle had his head between her hairy pussy, giving her a sensuous licking with his fast moving tongue. Uncle put his fully bended butt upon the pillow, which was placed just at the legs of the chair. As I rolled my eyes towards Aunty, she had the pipe in her mouth. She continued to throw out the smoke of cloud over her head, and kept her focus within the files. I got an erection instantly after seeing Aunty's fair muscular legs spread wide and Uncle's head between it. The wrinkles and stretch marks on her big mature thighs did nothing but provided boosts to her elegance.

Aunty made some calls in between while kept doing her work. Uncle licked her to few orgasms, and did his tongue to clean her up. Suddenly, Aunty caught my attention after I heard her referring herself as 'Sushant's aunty' to someone on the call, I didn't know who called her from my links or circles. Aunty continued to do it for some seconds before sharing a glass of Johnny walker with her lawful husband.

Aunty got up from the chair with her big ass hanging down the T-shirt. She mounted on his head to pee in his mouth. Aunty put her files safely back in the drawer and quenched the pipe to get it back as well. In the meantime uncle came back from the bathroom after washing himself. Aunty placed him in the bed on his stomach with his butt in the swathes of bandage popping out of his body. Aunty got out a big scissor to cut the bandage from his butt.

As stated by Dr. Anushka, uncle's welts were very much faded. Aunty put him over her knees to apply the same ointment over it. She did it with all the love in the world, it was very impulsive by the looks of it. Aunty injected the Diazepam (the sleeping chemical) in his loose ass cheek to put him to sleep again. Aunty clothe her hips with a seamless panties that covered just her butt leaving the cheeks to stick out. She started to head towards the door. I rushed my way down to the stairs and started to climb it with a fatigued reaction over my face.

Aunty was just in the panties when she was out. I focused my head upon the floor as I kept coming upstairs. I took my head at her finally after coming upwards. Aunty was waiting for me. I started serving my mistress's feet as I came near to her. She allowed me to kiss till her well worked calves before stopping me there. I went up to her and got on my feet.

"Don't skip your time off studies son, Aunty would see you in the night." Aunty kissed me on the top of my forehead and went in the kitchen. I departed to get in the room. My nostrils were filled with the sweet smell of my favourite dish - lasagna. It was there already in my room when I went in. Aunty surely knew my taste since I was a child. I ate it down to kill my appetite, the best food ever existed to kill it though.

I took my eyes from my room window to see out, Aunty roamed in the house in just her panties over the big bottom for a while. She was in some very deep conversation, and called my name few times on the phone. With my tummy full and body all energised again, I was much motivated to start studying. I closed the window and stopped looking outside. I kept my focus in the books till the sunset. I never moved from my place. Aunty did come in between to anonymously check through the window crack, I knew when she came though.

It was night just before eight. Uncle was going to leave for his little family trip at this time. After studying a fair part of the allotted chapters, I came out of the room. There was no-one visible in the hall way. I went to the window to peep inside. Aunty was helping uncle with some packing material. Once they were done with it, Aunty grabbed uncle in his arms. She kissed all over his face, and hugged him tightly with her body. Aunty planted her lips on him, and they were drawn to a wet and passionate kiss for some minutes.

Like Aunty, Uncle also was not much convinced with the thinking of getting away from his mistress, regardless of however ruthless she was on him. They came out after sometimes in each other's arm. I waited for them at the room door. I touched Uncle's feet in respect to bade him a bye and well wishes for the journey. She grabbed him in her arms again for a lovable see off. Uncle went out of the door. Aunty had a heavy voice out of agony, once he left.

We did the dinner with each other while Aunty was still mum the whole time. It took a little while for her to heal herself again. Aunty sat in the couch and thought something for a while. I stood at her side.

Aunty looked at me with a smile. "Hello hubby!" She said. I had a heavy running heartbeats over my left side as soon as I heard the words coming out of her mouth. Aunty pointed her fingers on the floor at her feet, I sat on the floor at the edge of the couch. She took her legs over my shoulders to use me as her human furniture. I sat still under her weight.

"Here are some set of rules going into these 30 days hubby. You have exams coming in your school in 20 days, so your lovely mature wife would make you study well. Since you are a direct replacement to Anmol, there would be no lesser impacts of consequences on you baby. You should expect no less tolerance and toughness of punishments. You will duck school at every third day. Your new wife is a high profile government servant, so she would grant you leaves." Aunty spoke out bluntly.

"And having said that, I will take your ass again baby, let's go." Aunty got her legs off my shoulders. I had a very sluggish set of steps going into her room. Aunty made me to give a blowjob on her eight inches long and two inches wide dildo. She got it deeper in my throat to leave my eyes watery. Aunty put me on the stomach in bed with my ass up in the air, and stretched my legs wider. Aiming the dildo at my anus, she impelled her body weight upon me from the back.

Aunty grabbed my hairs and hit on my butt with her wide hips, and roughly fucked my anus. She got a grip of my penis in her slender feminine palms, and kept penetrating inside of my anus. Aunty's all 70 kgs structure crushed my little body from the back, and I cried loudly in pain as she continued to fuck me. She did it for more than ten minutes, while I was drawn to two successive orgasms on her hands. I cleaned her hands and the sheet with my tongue.

Aunty pulled me in her arms at the center of the bed. She wrapped her muscular feminine legs around my hips from the back and locked me tightly with her body. Aunty's warm and well built structure pressed briefly against my skin, leaving absolutely no space to even pass air in between. She slid her one finger in my anus, I was shocked as it entered in. She turned my head and wetly kissed on my lips for sometime. Aunty rounded her arms on my belly and her hot curvy body squeezed mine from the back again. We went to sleep.

We stayed asleep with each other in the same position till morning. As soon as the alarm got off, my eyes went wide open. I experienced her tight grip over my body and didn't move much. Aunty was up in the next minute as well, she unwrapped her legs from my hips and set me free. I got down straight on the floor. Aunty placed her weight over my shoulders, and then to my mouth with her urethra. She sent all of her pale distilled liquid into my mouth. I gulped it down to build on with my obedience. She kissed my forehead in return.

Aunty did her normal workout in the morning and made me lick her body clean afterwards, I took her piss down my throat again. She dropped me to the school.

Bullying and intolerant comments were now being a mainstream from the maniacs' gang of the school. I went through all of it with the fake ease over my face. After finishing the school, I went home. I did my studies and also the cleanings of the house till the evening. Aunty was home around seven.

I kissed her feet to welcome her in. Aunty had a rough day at work which was visible by her expressions and tone. Aunty changed her police uniform to the comfort wears and was roaming and walking around the house. After cleaning the house, I was doing Aunty's cum covered panties in the bathroom. She had a rich orgasmic life even at this age.

"SUSHANT" I heard my name getting called. It was Aunty calling me from the lawn in her heavy voice. I sensed some anger in Aunty's tone, and presented myself quickly before her. Aunty showed the dusts which were covered over a large area. She didn't find my cleanings satisfying at the lawn of the house, I knew I was in trouble.

I stood there shivering in fear without a word. She didn't say much and held my hand to take me back in the house. She closed the door and stood there before me at the doorstep. "I'm sorry masi." I said as I still shivered in fear.

Aunty got her hands on my shorts to pull it down, and left me bottomless. I was shivering in fear as I continued to plead for an apology. She grabbed my testicles with her left hand. I kept on with my pleading as Aunty's expression changed totally.

SMACKKKKKKK!

Aunty's tough right hand hit my cheek tightly. She squeezed my testicles under her left palm and hit my other cheek with a hard slap as well. I kept apologising to Aunty but she didn't listen to any of my pleadings and continued to hit me mercilessly. Aunty had a rough day already, and my poor work just multiplied her anger. She continued to venture her frustration from the work on my cheeks.

Aunty applied high pressure on my balls and it felt like getting ripped apart, and pulled out of my body at any moment. She kept slapping me. I developed some little drops of tears due to the regret and humiliation, and was crying in grief by now. Aunty set me free finally after a dozen of smackings over my face. My cheeks went sore and were left to burn from the intensity of her hard heavy hands on my poor face. She seek some time to cool her temper again. It worked just with her expressions and pitch.

Aunty looked at me with her stern eyes and gave away a vigorous look. "I expect you to do better in the future if you don't intend to turn the things more brutal. You are a slave and would be treated as no different. Collect your shorts from the room, once you leave the area spotless again." Aunty said in her gentle and placid accent. I was ordered to go out bottomless and do the cleanings again. She turned around to leave for the room. My cheeks hurt and were resonating in the whole.

The night didn't go any blistering again. We had the dinner together and had a nice and soothing conversation with each other while eating. She didn't even react a bit like beating me just an hour ago. We went to the bedroom. Aunty let me have her lips and grab her round ass, as we got into a wet kiss. We had sex in the bed like a regular married couple. I cleaned her up with my tongue.

She cuddled me in her arms again to fall asleep. With the hardships of the relationship, I was also rewarded with the sweet perks of it. I had very much love and respect for my mistress. I fell asleep in Aunty's hard grip around my body. It went a very nice evening of wisdom.

The following day we woke up normally. Aunty used me the way she would do regularly. On the way when driving me to the school, she informed me about some musical night that we were going to attend in the evening. As uncle was not there, I was the sole partner left to join in with her everywhere. I loved music, that drove me into a little enthusiasm for the night. She dropped me to school and hugged me for a nice goodbye.

It was a hard day at school. I tackled the crappy affirmations from the chaotic gang and got rid of them early. I took a cab to come home again. I studied the alloted chapters with all the concentrations. It was my reporting day tomorrow and I didn't want the punishments to turn more creepy after I added a stall already the previous day. I studied till the evening. Aunty was home by 6:30.

I presented myself on the knees to kiss her feet and welcome her, and started to lick on her maroon cop boots. I helped Aunty to get the police uniform out of her alpha feminine structure. Aunty entered in the bathroom in her lingerie to get a long warm shower. I headed towards the kitchen to make some cheese grill sandwiches for both of us. I did it for some minutes and the dinner was ready. Aunty asked me to get it served it in a plate, and place it in the room.

I went upstairs in her room to place the plate there. She was coming out of the bathroom naked without considering my presence in the room. Aunty seek my service with the towel to soak her naked showered body dry. After taking the towel at every edge of her curves, I left her body completely dry. She didn't bother to put on nothing and sat in the chair with her naked alpha body.

Aunty crossed her legs upon each other to cover her hairy pussy as she began to eat the sandwiches. She did the eating for a while. I had a hard time in keeping my eyes stable to her face. I grabbed the dirty plate from the table as Aunty got up to walk to the drawer with her naked swaying butt. I refrained myself to turn around to have any more look of her, and came out of the room with the plates.

I didn't take longer than half an hour to get the plates washed and also to dress myself. I put on a formal shirt and some denim at the bottom with the Nike sneakers at my feet. I waited for few minutes and the door of her room finally got opened up.

Aunty was dressed in a light pink Georgette Saree, and a dark pink blouse under it. The Saree was transparent from the top making her low-cut blouse under the saree fully visible. The curvy side arcs of her big breasts were pooping out from the low cut blouse, and bounced up and down as she was walking towards me. Aunty's tonned fat arms under the quarter half sleeved blouse, added delicacy to her plump body at the top. Keeping the exquisite cop figure aside, Aunty clearly knew the antics of fashion to add to her beauty.

She didn't use much pleats and draped the Saree tighter on her waist to not add volumes to her heavy bottom. The pallu left the major curves of her well shaped tummy bare from the sides, and covered only the navel and the area around it. With the necklace around her neck, earrings in her ears and the shiny golden waist chain hugging around her half bare stomach, she had a fair weight of ornaments upon her. The open and golden wavy hairs upon her beautiful face, with a red dot bindi on the forehead, and a little lipstick on her fluffy lips, Aunty appeared like a total meal.

I had an open mouth in arousal as Aunty came close to me. My little erection under the pants said it all she wanted to know about her look. Aunty held my waist, and got my hand around her hips as we started walking downstairs. We had an sporty Mercedes parked already in our lawn with a driver in it. The driver came out of the car to open the door, and I entered in it after Aunty. He started the coup, to take us away.

As we reached the well architectural enlightened hotel, the driver stopped just at a red carpet. There were some massive pupils gathered around the car to welcome their 'Deputy Inspector General' of the state. I felt a little awkward between the gathered crowd, and Aunty held my arms to walk in together with me like a real partner. Every male in the arena, glanced Aunty from top to bottom and some of them rubbed on their crotches under the suit and pant.

The ceilings of the hotel were beautifully decorated for the night, and the lightening added grace to the arena. The atmosphere was perfectly set for an auspicious evening of melodious music. We entered in like a T-rex among the crowd and were given the VIP seat at the front very close to the singer. She sat and crossed her legs upon one another while I took the seat as well next to her. The musical night began, and there was certainly a good wave of melodies flowing in the ambience. Aunty was enjoying the music until the seat next to her got filled in. The guy who came on the seat, looked at Aunty with a smile. She smiled back.

The guy was close to 6'4, stout, muscular, and tough. He had a nice pair of suit and pant on and his hairs were done nicely that made him to look very handsome. He began to talk with Aunty. Aunty was very frank and comfortable with him, like she knew him since years. While talking, the guy was very free to touch all over her thighs and waist, and Aunty didn't mind it at all. I didn't know what was going on, and without much reactions kept enjoying the melodies in the air.

Aunty introduced me to the guy, and then the guy introduced himself as Shwet as we shared a formal handshake. He certainly asked her if the journey from home to the arena was good, and she answered to it impulsively. I was drawn to a conclusion that the Mercedes that got us here was owned by him. They had a good conversation filled with light giggles as the musical night passed by.

The night was edging closer to its end, and Aunty and the guy went on with the conversation, "Adjust your erection dear, it's going to be one..." Aunty cleared her throat as she moved her hand on his pant, they shared a devilish smile. Aunty acted like a very desperate bitch. Holding my hand, she got up and I left my seat with her as well. The organisers of the event surrounded Aunty, as they asked about her experience of the night. With some quick positive response, we saw our way out after a good farewell from everyone.

Shwet got us in his imported coup again. He took the wheels this time out. Aunty sat at the front seat next to him while I took the the back seat. He roamed his hands over Aunty's thighs again but this time from under the Saree while they talked in the way. I looked at them from the back seat and didn't utter a word. We were home in sometime. I unlocked the door with the key as they held each other by their waists, and walked in after me.

Aunty ordered me to get the bed done. I got into the room, and did the bed sheets well. They entered in a few minutes after having some conversation on the couch. I saw Aunty getting in the kitchen, to get a glass of water for herself. She took a capsule from the white box that Doctor Anushka gave her earlier, and had it with water. I assumed it must be some kind of precautionary tablet. They started to come upstairs together.

Shwet didn't even wait for the door to get closed and pulled aunty closer by her waist. He grabbed Aunty's ass tightly through the Saree. Aunty put her quarter half sleeved hands on his shoulders as she came up on her toes to keep tabs with his tall heightened body. She smiled and looked into his eyes. They diagonally moved their heads a little, and came close to each other. The guy put his lips on Aunty's. She closed her eyes as the guy initiated the kiss. Shwet kissed her lower lip and then the upper one while he massaged on her gigantic butt from the Saree.

Aunty opened her lips wider to get in a quick and fast overlap upon his lips, and started smooching him roughly. The guy replied to her intensity on her lips, and continued to squeeze her butt through the Saree. I didn't know what I was doing as the third person in the room. Aunty got herself more on her toes to get a straighter glance of his lips. It displayed like they were two old lovers still very much attracted to each other. Aunty danced her tongue intensively on him, and he had her saliva dribbling down his chin following the wet kissing. They grabbed eachother's cheeks tightly, and opened their mouths wider and wider to wildly get in some erotic sets of wet french kisses.

He dropped Aunty's Saree's pallu down, and her midsection under the blouse was fully open. He grope her big cups from the dark pink blouse and squeezed on them roughly. They kept kissing each other acutely. He began to roam his hand on her flat midsection and played with her navel. Aunty had her eyes closed as she moaned in pleasure with the tickling sensation on her navel.

Aunty unbuttoned his pant to expose his 9 inched thick shaft. She played with his full size in return while kept giving him erotic open mouth kisses. I was brought into some massive discomfort under my pants while watching this.

Aunty stopped herself in between and looked at me all of a sudden. She pushed the tall guy a little to get him down on the bed. Aunty settled herself on the edge of the bed just close to his head. She leaned over his pubic area to lick his pinkish dick head. The guy moaned in a huge groan as she did it. Aunty fit her steamy eyes at me while she roamed her tongue on his entire size. I had a heavy heart, and didn't find the look in her eyes very pleasing. She knocked her feet an the floor a little and looked down.

I knew what to do, and placed myself on the floor to sit at her feet. I did her sandals out of the feet. She got the guy's feet hanging down as well from the bed and I did his footwear after her. Aunty placed her bare feet just at my mouth. She looked down at me, and raised her eyebrows. I knew what to do. I kissed on her bare feet as she kept sucking his dick efficiently. The guy was enjoying Aunty's oral service. I kissed both of their feet like the little serving slave.

Aunty stopped sucking his cock and made her way out of the bed. She pulled me up from the ground by my hairs and stood closer to me. She whispered sensuously in my ears, "Come on baby, undress your mistress." Aunty kissed my forehead and turned around.

I began to unwrap the beads of her pink Saree from her petticoat. I removed the petticoat and then her half quarter sleeved blouse as well out of her top and fat arms. Aunty was left just in the shining grey pair of bra and panties, and the necklace and waist chain on her husky hot figure. Aunty grabbed my T-shirt and removed it from over my head. She did the same to my bottom wears as well leaving me naked before the stranger.

The guy was watching the little mistress-slave play with eagerness. He glanced at Aunty's fleshy hot body from top to bottom and his shaft grew tighter. Aunty stood at my back, and grabbed my waist to get me forward towards the bed. She used the force of her hands to bend me over the bed with my head very close to his tight nine inched cock. She held my head with her stong grip and said,

"Come on baby, display some hostility towards Mr. Shwet and show how much of a lovable slave you are. Get that penis in your mouth." Aunty raised her pitch. She gently rubbed her hands on the back of my head. Aunty made me take his hard dick in my mouth. I gave him an good amateur blowjob on his shaft. Aunty and the guy started to kiss again while I continued to take his dick in and out of my mouth. I gave him two full minutes of blowing on his dick before Aunty stopped me. I was broken and humiliated.

I didn't intend to take my head up and sat at the vertical side of the bed on the floor in humiliation. They ignored my presence and the guy laid Aunty on the bed to get on her top. He placed himself between her legs before sliding her panties down to expose her hairy pussy. Aunty made me kiss their feet again while she grabbed the guy's ass in her palms and started kissing him passionately.

He slide her bra down and kissed on her big cups. The guy took her nipples in the mouth and bite on her hard tits leaving Aunty to groan in arousal. He had eaten her big bust very well by now, leaving his teeth marks at the edges. He aimed his dick at her vagina while I kept worshipping their feet with my tongue. He started to fill his shaft deeper in Aunty's hole as she moaned heavily in pleasure.

Aunty crossed her legs over his waist as he got his dick in and out of her pussy intensively. She moaned softly in pleasure, as he fucked her with high intensity. The waist chain and necklace on her body were ringing with each thrust of his dick in her vagina. The guy kissed her neck, and kept digging his full size deeper in her hole. Both of them were very much sexually attracted to each other. I saw the muscular fella slapping Aunty tightly on her cheek, and kept fucking her insanely.

Aunty appeared like a tea bag under him, as he kept using her as his little bitch. Aunty held his butt by one hand while wrapped her other hand around his neck. Aunty kept pulling him upwards to make him fuck her harder in the classic missionary. The guy glued his tall body on her as he started to fill his full size deeper in her. I continued to feel their dirty feet in my mouth and licked them briefly. She ironically cried and begged him to be gentle while kept pulling his body to stretch her hole wider with his thick cock.

The guy turned Aunty on her stomach, as he started to fill his cock in her from behind. He penetrated his big dick in Aunty's vagina from behind, and started to hit on her wide ass harder. He built on to his dominance as he pulled her body back by her hairs, and repeatedly spanked on her huge ass. He leaned forward to eat her lips from behind, and continued to drill in her hole harder. Aunty was loud and agile following the pleasure of the nasty sex with her muscular lover.

He began to slow down a little while Aunty took his lips from the front for a few seconds. She opened her mouth wide, and licked and kissed on his lips and tongue. Once he stopped, Aunty got him away from her top. She grabbed me by my hairs to pull me at the bed side. She didn't say anything and brought his dick directly to my face. Aunty massaged on his already hard dick for a few seconds and it shot thick jet of cums in my mouth. In no time, my mouth was filled with his sticky white liquid. She pushed me towards the bathroom while held the guy in her arms.

I had a heavy heart when going towards the bathroom to clean myself. They hugged each other with their big bodies behind my back. I shed down a few drop of tears while washed my mouth at the basin. I made my way in the bedroom again and the guy was getting dressed in his suit and pant. Aunty was still laid in the bed with her pear naked body. He bent down to kiss on her lips for the last time as he started to leave. He gave me a little hug and said,

"You are very gentle at this young age son. You have a long way to go. I could never have done this. God bless you." He patted on my back with a little grin. Aunty smiled at his appreciating words. He made his way out.

Now it was just Aunty and me in the room. I had my feet shivering as I stood there before her. Aunty killed the silence after a minute.

"Come here baby." Aunty ordered me with her little heavy tone. I went to her. She grabbed my hands and pulled me towards her. I laid flat on her wide figure as she pulled me. Aunty had her face only an inch away as she looked into my eyes. I could feel her hot heavy breathing out of her nostrils from so close.

"I think you were phenomenal today baby. You might feel broken, you might feel a little lost but believe me, one day you will cherish all this." Aunty looked straight into my eyes as she said with some little whispers. I kept looking at her silently. Aunty grabbed my hairs from the back and gently pulled me more close. Our lips were locked in a millisecond. We started kissing each other with our eyes closed.

Aunty kept running her hands in my hairs as she pressed her lips diagonally on mine. I clearly felt the love in the moment, as she began to kiss me gently. I didn't see this side of her earlier with the guy. Aunty widened her legs to get my waist between her thighs. She held my dick to get it at her vagina. I pushed my hips in a little to get it inside her loose mature hole. Aunty moaned out a little as I we started to make love in the bed. The temperature of the room went hotter and hotter as the night passed by.

Next day, I used my time after the school efficiently to study harder. I revised every chapter till evening before Aunty's arrival. I was in love with my mistress and I didn't had any intention in my heart to disappoint her. Aunty's fear and dominance was turning out to be productive in many ways for me. The clock struck seven, and Aunty arrived finally from her work.

I helped Aunty out of her tight uniform over the pear shaped body and she was changed and freshened in half an hour. We ate our dinner while Aunty got the dishes done. I revised on the chapters after eating as the time was heading close to mine The clock ticked nine and Aunty came at the door front. She walked her way down the closet to get the 4 feet long and very thick bamboo stick out. I unclothed myself to leave my body naked before Aunty.

Aunty got in the chair while made me sit naked at her feet on the cold floor. She crossed her legs upon each other and constantly dropped the cane in her other hand.

She started to speak, "Today, I would teach you some important thesis of fear. Fear is very important, no matter in what circumstances we are, if we fear, we succeed. Although this is a formal maths test, you would still learn some importance of fear." I didn't understand what she really meant, but by her pitch she didn't seem to joke at all. She sounded very serious with her words.

Aunty placed the cane on my chin to get my head to face her. She started to speak again, "Do you fear me?" Her tone was very judicial and hot.

"Yes mam, I fear you more than anything. If I am the cosmos asking for prosperity, then your importance in my life be as a northern light and a thunderstorm, whom would make me or break me respectively at any required moment. I love you as much as I fear you." I took my time to answer honestly.

Aunty blushed a little, "oh, that was some speech, although you were supposed to answer in just yes or no. I would keep up with this misbehavior when exerting the punishments. Shall we start baby?" Aunty dropped the cane tightly on the floor just an inch away from my feet.

I answered in a little shiver, "Yes, mam." I didn't know about the post happenings, but I was in very much fear already. The sound of the cane strike made me to get in so much of creep inside my heart. I was shivering tightly as we started.

It was a maths test, and Aunty gave me some tough formulas to write on my own. Out of the first three questions, I was inaccurate a little at just the second question. Aunty laughed pensively as she was checking my answers. "I didn't expect you to learn about the fears already, baby. Have a closer look at this!" Aunty leaned in to show the red cross she did on the second inaccurate question. "What is this?"

"A red cross mam." I said softly, and shivered tightly as if what was going to happen.

"It's just not a red cross baby, this is the symbol of the fear you should keep yourself away from, otherwise....." Aunty paused and kept the paper right before my face, as I watched the red cross with very much concentration. Aunty held the cane high in her hand.

She dropped the cane ten times on my left palm. With each swing on my palm, I spit out heavy cries. I was hypnotised with the image of the red cross before me, and it felt like that the cross was whacking me on my hands and not her. The intensity was stinging the each edge of my hand. My palm was beet red, and burning in pain after the end of sixth stroke.

Aunty gave me some problems to solve, I wrote the other answers with my compatible right palm. Aunty checked my answers, and laughed this time out. I didn't get one problem right. The red cross was twice the size than the initial one now. I started to shiver badly as soon as I had the glimpse of it. "It seems like the bigger member is coming for you this time out." She knew about my mental state, and things going inside of it.

I paid the heaviest price this time out. The thick bamboo got whacked fourteen times on the same palm leaving it hot and heavy in pain. The bigger red cross was doing this to me. With the painful burning and increased weight of my hand due to the caning, I feared even the thoughts of red crosses. I had a good lesson learned to stay away from inaccuracies and get the accuracy from next time.

At the time when we were going to end it up, Aunty took a piece of paper before my eyes with a big red cross marked diagonally all over it. It was very big and dark red cross, and the cane was also laying next to it. My heartbeats went up, and I started to pull myself back in fear. I had tears out of my eyes by the horror aversion of the big red cross. As soon as Aunty saw me crying, she got the paper away from my eyes. I was crying harder in no time.

Aunty got me tightly in her arms, as I continued to whine harder likes newborn baby. I didn't stop crying until Aunty made her move. WHACKKKKK!!! I never experienced a slap so hard before, and I stopped to cry louder.

"Shhhhhh.... everything is alright young man, no red cross is here to harm you until I'm am here. Right?" I looked at her like a little pup with the tears in my eyes. Aunty bared her breast, and fed me with her big bust. Suddenly the grief inside my heart fade as I slurped in her sweet breast milk like a newborn baby. Aunty was playing with my hand.

Later on, she fit me in her muscular arms to cuddle me to sleep with her well built body. As the moon kept floating in the dark sky, I fell asleep in my mistress' arms.

I woke up with some swathes of bandage over my palm. It was little healed as well from the beating it took last night. I didn't know how it got on my palm overnight but certainly knew the person who did it. My mistress still had her big cups pressing on my back and she muscular legs wrapped around my waist. Her nipples were bruising my back and strong fat arms around my tiny waist. The alarm clock finally went off. Aunty woke up.

She undid herself from my body and got out of the bed. As soon as I saw her getting out, I placed myself on the floor. Aunty smiled a little from her beautiful face as she came forward to vault on my face with her big bottom and pissed in my mouth. I gulped it down under my throat with only a little discomfort. I was getting used to the taste of my mistress's dirt. She got herself in her leggings and T-shirt to leave for her fitness session.

Aunty dropped me to school in her beacon light SUV. The uniformed lady grabbed me in her arms and said, "Tighten up your laces baby for the punishment." She kissed my forehead and got in her SUV again. I did fear the toughness of her words and the outcome it could create. The time in the school passed crudely as it does often. I took the comments on my masculinity and many more shit from Devansh and his maniac gang. Due to their terror in the school, some students withdrew their admissions, this was not good, and it was needed to stop now. The hectic phase of the school ended, and I grabbed a ride home.

Aunty came home around seven. I helped her to change. The night started to heat up after she took me to her underground punishment room. It had drilled chains already in the walls. Aunty fastened my hands in the chains, leaving me tied and bounded with my arms up in the air. She came at my front and held me by my chin. Aunty planted a rough kiss on my lips. I kissed back shivering while she rubbed her hands on my little butt.

Aunty got the thick leather whip out and she showed it to me. I never tasted the whip till date and I pissed some drops in fear. She conveyed the concept of 'Fear' again before starting to drop the whip on my assets. The first swing of the whip on my butt took me by surprise. It was sharp and thick that sting my entire butt. I screamed out of pain. Aunty had no mercy flowing in her veins as she stepped back to bring it on my butt for more than 15 times. The whip was thick and hard which left my butt to burn out of pain. By now, I feared the whip more than anything. She was a cruel hypnotist.

After every stroke, Aunty yelled loudly my every little mistake from the cleaning to the inaccuracies in the answering. To add to my miseries, she controlled my mind again with the red cross and canes antics. My body shivered in fear and I was fainted in pain when Aunty undid my hands from the chain. She helped my loose whipped body to get me inside the room. Aunty grabbed me in her arms after getting inside. I had some thick drops of tears out of my eyes in pain even though I didn't intend to cry. Aunty wiped the tears out of my face as she kissed me on the cheeks once.

I was in so much pain but that was taken away when my mistress laid me over her knees to massage on my welts. She did it twice in the night before getting to sleep. We slept in the bed in each other's arms. Aunty placed my head under her arms as she glued my little body under her neck. I wrapped my arms around her thick and wide waist with my head on her big bust. I felt very safe under her shade. I loved my mistress more than anything. We slept in some moments.

It was a Sunday morning, and I woke up with my heavy bottom in pain. Aunty didn't let me come out of the bed, and took all of the chores's responsibility upon her shoulders. She did all the work till afternoon while I remained in the bed, snoozing and changing positions. The clock struck two, and we came back in the room after having our lunch. Aunty gave the vaccination on my welts while I was in the bed. She put my head in her lap and started to tap on it.

I didn't feel much sleepy after having slept for so long in the day. Without a word, I kept feeling her big and soft thighs under my cheeks, while she continued to tap on my head. I finally had darkness before my eyes but was only half asleep. Aunty's iPhone rang and she picked the call,

"Don't fucking release him, I'm getting Sushant to sleep, can't you wait for a fucking minute more." Aunty said in a rough whispering tone with a little grinding between her teeth. She sounded a little annoyed. I was only half asleep and I heard what she just said. Aunty lovingly kissed on my forehead, and got my head off her lap. She opened the drawer to get something. I felt something soft covering my ears' drums, and I knew those were the earplugs. I didn't open my eyes or moved for a couple of minutes.

I gathered the courage to open my eyes a little finally, and there was nobody in the room. I went on to check the bathroom as well with mute steps, and Aunty was not there as well. I fit my eyes at the window crack. I saw Aunty in the hall-way; the doorbell rang. She went to open the door, and I was left in total shock with the person that entered in. It was Devansh, my classmate and the very same guy that was bullying me and the others from over a month. Aunty let him in and closed the door.

"Thank you for choosing me, ummm.. Anamika aunty." Devansh said as he got in middle of the hallway. Aunty started laughing on his words and she gone close to him.

"That's so intimidating, young man. Do I really look like an Aunty to you?" Saying that, Aunty grabbed his hands under her palms and placed them on her big ass through the joggers. Devansh had a shivering pair of hands as they got placed over her round ass. Aunty didn't wait for a second and held his head from the back to go more close to his face. She planted her lips on his to start kissing him. Aunty did a round of adjustments before getting into a wet kiss with the teenager.

Devansh was a national level basketball player. Standing at 6'2 and with a athletic physique, he was much well built for a teenager. He used his body strength to roam his hands all over Aunty's curves as they kept kissing passionately with their lips wider and wider. I didn't really had a pleasant vibe running down my heart after looking at the guy who was bullying me from such a long time, making out with my loving Aunty. He did enjoy his time with the pear figured mature lady for more than five minutes before he stopped.

"Sushant doesn't really deserves to be called as your nephew. Low in ethic, physique and aggression, he is such a loser." Devansh laughed as he said that to Aunty. Aunty laughed along with him.

"Yes yes, I know that. He is a very weak and loose character, easier to manipulate. I deserve someone like...YOU." Aunty grabbed his T-shirt and took it out of his body. "He can never have his front as tight and sloppy as this one." Aunty spoke with a sensuous tone as she kept roaming her hand on his husky chest and abs. Aunty undid his pants as well leaving his close to 8 inched dick bare. "Oh, look at that animal, my little prodigal nephew could never get that. He is such a pimp." They started to kiss again as Aunty kept running his tight dick inside her palm.

I felt like crying after listening to all that about myself, coming out from my Aunty. I loved her more than anything, and this definitely hurt. They planted erotic open mouth kisses and continued to make out. Aunty stopped after a minute, "Don't you harass that little pimp in the school time? I bet he must be starting to cry." Aunty giggled as she interrogated him. Devansh started laughing loudly after hearing that from aunty. He laughed for few seconds before answering,

"Ofcourse I do. Even though he never provokes a conversation, we keep bashing him to humiliation for no reason. He gets close to crying but it's always so fun." Devansh said as he kept laughing. Aunty looked into his eyes as she kept massaging his round filled testicles with her hand. He had his eyes closed in temptation as she kept on doing it silently and looking into his eyes. "Oh my balls, you have such a lovely touch." Was all he could spit out in the state of pleasure. Aunty smiled again and broke the silence finally.

"Speaking of balls young man, even though my son has a leaner physique, there is still something that makes him better than you and your tiered people." Aunty had a little change in her tone as she spoke.

"What?" Devansh asked.

She grind her teeth a little and started to speak, "He doesn't have balls to harass any person with or without any cause. While you..."

Suddenly the reaction over Aunty's face changed as she looked him in his eyes, she looked angry. Aunty kneed his balls hardly, and Devansh's smile faded away from his cheeks. He cried in pain holding his testicles. As soon as he bent down to hold his balls, she hit her knees on his balls the second time with an increased intensity. He couldn't take the pain of it and fell down directly on his knees. "What the fuck do you think you are...!" Devansh couldn't even finish his sentence before Aunty dropped a hard soccer kick on his balls with her right foot.

The impact of the last kick was very hard as he got laid on the floor holding and massaging his testicles, and struggled to breathe. Aunty went to the couch and got a pair of handcuffs out from behind the pillow. The temperature and altitude of the room was heated up all of a sudden. He got laid on the floor whining and crying in pain on his balls.

Devansh had a hard time in straightening up his body and to breathe again in peace. Aunty didn't seem to like his comfort and she instilled the hardships on him again. She kicked the struggling teenager on his balls for the fourth time in three minutes. It made him get laid on the floor with his body squeezed in pain.

Aunty took his hands at the back, and tied his wrists with the steel handcuffs. Devansh opened his eyes wide in shock as he tried to pull his hands out of the steel bangles. He got into crying after finding no escape from there. Aunty's phone rang again and she attended it, "Yes." Saying just a word, she hung up. As soon as she placed her phone back, the front door of the house opened up in a whisker.

Three ladies dressed in tight shiny leather from top to bottom came in from the door. I did remember the one of the lady, it was Meera, the exact lady whom helped masi in the erotic encounter of 'Don L'. Meera had a featherweight structure like a regular collegian and looked very beautiful even in the hot leather wear. The second lady after her was medium built, not very husky not very skinny. She had her hairs tied to a looped pony and appeared to be very elegant in her long loose sleeveless T-shirt and tight skinny leather jeans on her tall structure which was more than Aunty's.

The third woman in the line was not very fair with a tanned skin, but her curvy body and big bust said it all that I wanted to know about her. She was not very tall, close to 5'6. She had a small leather jacket at her topthat was chained till halfway showing the major curvy edges of her bust. She was hot. With them together in this attire, it all seemed like a Mistresses' brawl in the house. I was curious for what was going to happen the next.

All of the ladies smiled at aunty, and with a little nod of her, they put their hands out of the door. All of them respectively pulled in one hooded guy from outside. The guys were hooded and handcuffed like Devansh. Meera closed the door, and pushed the respective guy with her in. The pretty tall lady also got her fellow male in, while the third one with the bulgy lady seemed to be more stubborn. He was a miniature guy who showed his strengths to try to not get in.

The plump lady grabbed him by his hairs, and used her knee to kick him tightly on his groin. She kicked him repeatedly to drag and roll him on the ground towards his compatriots. She was ruthless, and showed absolutely no mercy. All of them were laid down on the floor with Devansh. I understood Devansh's case, but I was out of clue regarding the other three guys. The ladies did their hoods and their faces were finally revealed. It was shocking to see Aakarsh, Hansh, and Pranay on the floor with Devansh. Them four were the group of maniacs always bullying and humiliating random students on purpose for no reasons involved.

They looked at Devansh's naked painful state and were left guessing with their freaked out reactions. Pranay got on his knees and said, "We would report you to cops if you stepped forward to do anything with us. I'm warning you." He was very loud and had a shivering tone down his throat as he said that. Pranay was brought in by the tall lady, and she stepped forward after hearing that. She took out a small sound recording device from her pocket, and turned it on. It queued and Pranay's arousing voice started to get heard from it.

He confessed to every of their wrong doings towards the students with the lady's tempting voice questioning in the background. He revealed it all to her just like Devansh confessed before Aunty. The pretty lady smiled and brought a hard smack over Pranay's face, and he fell down on the ground. Suddenly, the other two ladies took out the similar devices with the other two's confessions as well. Devansh looked at Aunty, and she just rolled her eyes towards the couch showing a recording device.

They got the respective teenagers with them out of their clothes, and left them naked on the floor with Devansh. They were left wondering as in what trap they all got hung upside down. Aunty and her squad of gorgeous ladies had an intelligent and sensible approach in doing this thing effortlessly. The ladies surrounded four of them and started to speak in parts,

"You are free to do whatever you can but...what if these recordings gets revealed before your parents...and also before the school authority...you could get homeless or even face an academics ban for LIFE." Aunty ended it with her last judiciary words.

All of them grabbed the feet of each lady that brought them in. They began to beg for apologies and kept their heads at their feet. Aunty leaned in towards their heads and grabbed their chins one by one under her palms. "I want to see how my son would cry in this situation after you would harass him for no reason. Do it for me, start crying!" Aunty undid their chin to set them free, and looked at all four of them with her stern demanding eyes. All four of them started to bawl loudly with fake cries like the group of nocturnal wolves piping up under the moon light.

They cried loudly. It was very funny by the looks of it. I did smile a little while continued to peep outside. Aunty and the ladies got into a whooping laughter at them. They were left humiliated. The lady in the jacket stepped forward, "Oh Anamika, that's too much of work for these kids. I have a better plan to make them sound real." She had a stern and loud pitch in her voice. "Indeed Sneha, I could take a flowing advice from a bitchy sadistic social worker like you." Aunty laughed off.

I had an awkward erection under my shorts after hearing about her occupation. She was too hot for a social worker. All the ladies grinned together. "Meera and Parita, assist Miss Sneha please." Aunty ordered them. With two huge 'Yes mams' they started to help her. In the meantime, Aunty headed towards the basement.

Sneha with their help, placed every boy on their stomach at two diagonal ends with their heads facing a similar centre point between them. She used thick restraints with bondage cuffs to fasten one wrist and ankle of a boy with the successive wrist and ankle of the other boy next to them, making a total of eight tied pairs amongst 16 hands and legs. As it looked from the top, they were tied together naked, making a geometrical rhombus and were left in no state to move at all. With their head forward, they looked at each other with so much creep running down in their eyes.

Aunty returned from the basement. She didn't return normally, but was changed into her judicial black latex suit. Each of the curve on her body, shined with the sunlight of the afternoon. She had one of her serpent like big thick leather cane in her hand. As Aunty came in, the two ladies except Meera went to the basement and returned with a whip in each of their hand. Aunty and all the three ladies put a black hood on their heads to hide their faces in it. I didn't really understand what was going on.

Aunty turned her hooded face towards Meera, and Meera brought a handy video camera out of her bag. The video camera ticked on. Aunty stepped forward and stood between the naked boys, at an equal distance from their heads. She looked at all of them with her hooded face and said,

"We wanted you to cry exactly like you make the others cry in the school, is it our fault if you didn't learn it properly?" Aunty interrogated towards them. They kept looking at her with their puppy eyes, before aunty yelled loudly, "IS IT?" All of them mumbled shivering, "NO... NO...NO.."

She yelled against their faces again, "No what?" The room was filled with an awkward silence for few seconds before Aakarsh, one of the guys answered, "No Mistress." Aunty looked at the other ladies, and they were already smiling under their hoods. Aunty looked at Hansh next and he repeated after Aakarsh. "Good boy" Aunty said to Hansh. Her words of appreciation were just a mirage before she brought the whip tightly on his small butt. He screamed loudly in pain of it as soon as Aunty stroked the whip. She looked at the other two, and after their replies, brought the whips intensively on their butt as well.

She swung the whip tightly twice on skinny Aakarsh's small butt even though he answered accurately. Aunty with some formal questions and answers, whipped every boy on their smalled butts. The intensity was high and terrifying, something I have not seen or felt very often. They were crying and screaming in pain. All of this was getting recorded in the video camera. The walls of the house were covered with soundproofing membrane that didn't enable exchange of noises with the outside ambiance.

Meera was like any expert BDSM cinematographer, making the camera roll upon each of the edge of their whipped red butt. Aunty called the other two mistresses in leather forward with their whips in their hands. The Sneha lady undid her jacket and left everyone stunned with her open bust leather suit under the jacket, her big busts were fully exposed over her suit. They started to take turns and whipped all of them ruthlessly. The hard intensity of the whips on their butts was more like thunder claps, and they kept bawling and panting on the floor in pain.

It was not pleasing at all to see my schoolmates in such an agonizing state, but they certainly deserved it. My Aunty was a sadistic policewoman, someone who could do anything to serve the people well. The ladies kept whipping them hardly until Aunty stopped them. All of their little young bottoms and thighs had creepy red lines all over it. Meera kept shooting them from a very close range. They were all captured in the video with their dithering and suffering states after the whipping from the hooded mistresses in black leather.

"Does their cries really seemed original, ladies?" Aunty asked to all of them. Sneha stepped up again with her open bust suit. "I didn't find it very original." Saying that, she gave everyone a devilish smile. "I have a better remedy following this dilemma!" She exclaimed with a smile again. Sneha went to the basement to get four ten inched strap-on dildos from Aunty's collections.

Sneha placed the camera at a safe distance to get all of them together in the frame, while the ladies got their harness over their hips. They placed all the four teenagers on their knees, and took turns to stretch all of their butt hole roughly in the doggy style with their 10 inched dildos over their hips. Their cocks hung unused as Aunty and her friends fucked them. The guys were left to scream and cry, as the ladies in the hoods gangbanged their buttocks roughly. Sneha and the tall lady - Parita were very elegant in digging their dildos inside their holes. Sneha's big open bust from the suit moved up and down as she propelled her girl cock in them.

Meera had Devansh at her front when she was fucking the poor teenager. She stopped doing that, and cut him loose out of the restraints. She placed him in the floor on his back while did his hands again in the handcuffs. He had a big penis. Meera didn't hit any of the boy and had her sights upon their sizes from a long ago. She gave him a merciless blowing on his shaft and got him wet very badly. The ladies laughed on her desperation as they continued go take their butt holes.

Suddenly, the ladies placed all of the guys on their knees with their hands cuffed at the back. Meera undid the leather pants from her perfect little bottom. She placed herself on her knees before Devansh, and grabbed his full size in her hands. She started to fill it in her vagina in doggy style. Once getting it in, Meera moaned heavily in pleasure. She started to push herself back and forth to get his tight dick in and out of her vagina. He was left to groan heavily in pleasure as she did it. Aunty stood at his back with the whip, and brought it tightly on his butt to make him kick in some efforts in fucking Meera.

The other two ladies stood at Devansh's face to rub their butt from the leather roughly on his face. With the hard whipping on his butt by Aunty, he struggled to push himself in and out of her hole from behind. They positioned themselves around every boy in the same manner, and Aunty whipped them very finely on their butts to make them force in Meera, while the other two ladies bruised their faces with their leather covered butts. Meera certainly was a sex expert, and she always knew when everyone of them were coming close. She would take her body away from all of them at the climax, leaving them to a ruined orgasm with their hands cuffed. The tall lady - Parita forced them to lick their dirty cums from the floor with their tongues. They were left humiliated on the floor. Meera gone forward to end the recording.

All the guys were crying in grief by now, and the ladies gave them their space. Their cries were loud and mournful. Aunty and her squad professed them a very good lesson. The guys were given their clothes back, and they started to get dressed. Sneha with Parita, mercilessly dragged the guys to the couch, and placed them on their knees, and cut them loose out of the handcuffs. Aunty sat at the couch facing them. She handled each of them a washcloth, to clean the tears and cum out of their faces.

Aunty cleared her throat and looked into their eyes, and said, "It doesn't matters how strong or weak you are, it's very vital to develop mutual respect towards everybody. And certainly, if you don't learn to do that, if you don't be respectful to my son, we would drag you here again from any corner of the globe, and most probably, would also leak the video tape. Is it clear?" The guys had their heads down in shame as they answered to her. Aunty did manage to instill some good deeds in them with her soft and stern tone.

Aunty had a four cluster of Rs. 100 notes at the back of the couch. Aunty informed them that the four bundles were for each of them in the name of vaccinations on their cuts and welts. She placed each cluster between their teeth, to hold them like a dog they really were. Aunty didn't show any consolation and she grabbed two of them at once by their hairs to drag them till the door on their knees. Aunty opened the door, and took turns to grab all four of them by their hairs, and kicked them out of the house one after the another.

The ladies watched all of it with much joy. I felt bad for my classmates, but it was a good lesson for them. I felt like saluting my Aunty, she was certainly my superhero with the wavy cape at her back. Aunty closed the door. The ladies stayed in for an hour as they had lunch and gossiped and chatted with each other. Aunty hugged and thanked each of them, for their services. They were gone in an hour.

Aunty changed herself to her joggers and T-shirt again, as she started to come upstairs. I laid myself in the bed to act like sleeping since more than an hour. Aunty got herself in the bed alongside me. She got close to me, and planted few large kisses with her fulffy lips on my forehead and cheeks. She slipped my head under her arms while crossed her leg upon my waist. I kept my eyes closed and, put my hands around aunty's wide hips, and cuddled myself with her big warm body. Aunty's body was the safest heaven on the earth. We fell asleep with each other in that position.

The following night, Aunty called in the Shwet guy again. I presented myself before him as her cuckold. My duties had no cutoffs to it as I served to her lover. Aunty allowed me to fuck her romantically, once he was gone. She spooned me again with her, following the good fucking. We drowned to sleep with each other. I loved my mistress so much.

The next day kicked off as it normally does. I took her piss twice in my mouth, while she got dressed in her uniform. Aunty dropped me to school in her beacon light SUV. The next day in the school was quite whelming. The group of the maniacs were very respectful towards everybody, and they apologized and treated me very differently by leaving their normal selves behind. They took their spare times to apologise to each and every student, they treated wrongly. Aunty's traits apparently worked very well.

I finished the school, and went back home after taking the cab. Aunty had a half day and she was already home. She inquired about my day at the school, and following my pleasant reactions, she got the idea of the clearing of the mess. Aunty embedded my little face in her big butt as she used my services with the tongue on her anus. She used her arm strength to drown my face in her gigantic ass, and joyously suffocated me to some heavy breathings. I didn't displease my mistress, and served her in the best possible manner.

Aunty allotted me some chemistry chapters for the reporting day. I stayed naked, and studied on the floor at her feet, meanwhile Aunty did her case studying till the evening. Aunty prepared the dinner after her works, as I kept studying. We had the dinner with each other. Aunty placed her hands around my hips and said,

"I want you to get ready baby, we are going out!" She informed me.

"Can I ask where? Mistress." I interrogated.

"We are going to Doctor Anushka's house baby. It's a special night. We are meeting there for a special 'CUCKOLD CROSSOVER'." Aunty looked at me with a smile. She opened the room door to show my attire for the night. It was a snow white lace babydoll top with G-string. It had a matching white thong panties and two black netted thigh high stockings next to it. I didn't understand what it meant, and I turned around to look at her.

Aunty had a little creepy grin over her face as she showed me the way forward. My legs shivered as I stepped forward to grab the feminine outfit in my hands.

*********

(Next part: You already know some of it guys.... I would leave you on your own to imagine. Thank you. ) 

Aunty's Darker Side Exposed Ch. 05
byBriano82©

A quick recap: After disciplining the group of maniac teenagers, Aunty stabilised Sushant's life in the school. At this night, She had to see Doctor Anushka in the name of their cuckold party. Sushant continues with his joy ride, and narrates ahead from here.

There are many characters in this chapter in the first half. I recommend you to keep your conscience open against every character and not come off the track when going through it. Sweet criticisms are always welcomed. Thank you.

*****

Chapter 5

The deprivation in my life had no ending to it as Aunty introduced me to the feminine attires. I had just held the lace babydoll top in my hands before Aunty put her one hand on my shoulder.

"Sushant?" Aunty called me out in a soft tone.

I turned around to look at her, and answered, "Yes Mistress?"

"Sit over here, son" Her tone was soft and caring, like a parent. Aunty had my waist in her hand as she got me sat on her right thigh. My skinny ass eclipsed over Aunty's big husky leg, and I sat there like a little play thing. She wrapped her hand around my waist and looked into my eyes with much love and care.

"Son, this is my farthest imperative duty to protect you from any depravity and hardships. You are certainly in my authority, and I have to do whatever it takes to keep you safe, to keep you moralised and away from bullying." Aunty's tone was very luscious and filled with concern. She definitely sound like my parent.

"Yes you are my slave at the moment, but that is restricted to the premises. At this night, we would not be here, not in the house, and that is where my concerns get exaggerated. I cannot assure you how honeyed or brutal things could get, once we get to Dr. Anushka's house. Being your altruistic parent, I would offer you one concluding redundancy to step back and let this night go son. I would let you decide until I get changed." Aunty kissed on my cheek and undid her hand from my waist. Placing me on the bed, she got up to make her way to the closet.

My heart was beating at a very fast rate as I was worried over Aunty's concern for this night. She undid her shorts and T-shirt to leave herself unclothed. I didn't gaze at Aunty and looked at the floor for some minutes, keeping my thoughts away from everything.

This has been once in a lifetime experience for me being my beautiful and strong Aunty's slave, and I had no regrets falling through it. However cruel, sadistic or lovely Aunty has been with me, My trust in her had grown massively with time. Considering her protective and guiding shade over me, I made my mind of continuing with the slavery, even though things could get much worse.

Aunty was dressed in the meantime. She looked very pretty, with her straightened black hairs hanging over her shoulders. She was clothed in a cherry red deep V-neck plunge top that displayed the borders of her black lace bra. The most fleshy edges of her 34-D cups were getting out briefly from the side of the top. Instead of her nipples, Aunty was nearly topless beneath her revealing cloth. She had a blue denim outlining her very wide hips and husky legs at the bottom. Aunty's tall 5'9 height, and her exquisite voluptuous figure looked majestic in the attire. I developed goosebumps all over my body after getting the displays of my hot mistress.

Aunty stood tall over my face as she looked down in my eyes, and started talking, "You had your time son. Could I know your answer now?"

"I had a hard time thinking masi, and I have decided to continue with it. I'm not stepping back. Regardless of however tough the situation might get, your dominance is what I wish for. I love you masi." I said as I looked back into her eyes.

"Are you sure, son? Be careful what you wish for, this is not a very normal stating as you are assuming." Aunty explained gently.

"I'm sure Aunty. I wish to continue being your slave." I built on with the low sensuous tone.

"Okay then!" Her concerns seemed to fade a little from her tone, as she said sensuously without much worries.

"BEG FOR IT." Aunty's tone had a sudden rise to it as her expressions changed. I raised my head towards her, and she looked into my eyes with her hypnotic gaze.

Following her order, I took my place on the floor. I started to kiss Aunty's feet. "Please accept me as your slave masi, I love you so much." I pleaded for a minute like a little bitch, and kept kissing her feet, toes and dirty soles. Aunty looked down, and nodded her head a little to accept my submission.

She developed a little grin over her cheeks, and she held my hand. Aunty took me up from the bed, and stood very close to hug and squeeze me with her strong body. Her big breasts were squeezed over my chest as she came forward to lock her lips with mine. She kissed me for few seconds. Using the moment, she squeezed my small ass in her palms and opened her lips wider to eat me erotically. After one good minute of exotic kissing, she took her head away.

"Won't you thank me slave?" Aunty ordered me in her blunt accent.

"Thank you Aunty. Thank you for making me your slave." I said in a low submissive tone. Aunty captivated my groin in her hand and got away from me a little. The little grin over her face changed as she looked in my eyes angrily. She brought two hard resonating slaps on my right cheek that shook me from top to bottom. She built on to the pressure on my groin, and I jumped up on my toes in massive pain and discomfort.

"Don't you dare familiarise me. I am no less than a mistress to you and you my slave, my dirt under my feet, and my BITCH." Aunty constantly threw abuses on me. I felt like crying following her cruel accent. I stood there with my head on the floor.

"I expect your accuracy from next time or.." She let go of her grip, and raised her hand in the awe of slapping me again. Aunty didn't even slap me and I fell down automatically on the bed following my fear for her. The grin brightened over her face as she hassled me playfully.

"Oh look at you; so weak, so vulnerable, so bitchy." Aunty laughed at me, and until she got finished with her sentence, she spit on my face. Her smelly thick spit rolled down my cheeks as I looked in her eyes. I did sense the seriousness in her tone and I feared for the coming happenings. I was shivering badly.

"Here, you bitch." Aunty continued to curse me as she rolled me close to my feminine attires.

I was just in the bed, when Aunty made me wear the snowy white babydoll with the G-string. As I looked down, It didn't appear to cover up anything but just my body till the top of my thighs. My chest under the chemise of the top felt very unusual. But it was just not done, in the next step, she put the elasticated thigh high black netted stockings to cover my legs till the thighs.

Aunty used the strength of her arms to turn me cruelly on my stomach in the bed. She hiked my feminine top up from the back, and made something to roam over my legs, and end on my butt. I felt just my asscrack covered with something, leaving the rest of the butt open and bare. I turned my head at back, and saw the white thong pantie covering my small as from the between. Most definitely, I felt like a woman. Aunty cross dressed me very efficiently.

Aunty mounted on my back with her heavy body, and laid flat on me. Her body was very heavy and I felt her husky structure eclipsing my skinny back. She grabbed my butt through the clothe of the top and squeezed on it. Aunty grabbed the thin thong on my butt crack, and put it aside, and moved herself to and fro to rub her wide hips on my small ass. I didn't move, and let her jeans over the wide bottom rub my naked butt. She kissed my ears and murdered slowly with heavy sensuous breathing.

"You are going to get used very greatly bitch. The attendants are going to love you for sure." Saying that she put her hand on my ass to grab and spank it, and biten my neck several times. I was certainly a bitch at that moment for my Aunty. She took her heavy weight out of my back, and I laid there in peace for a second.

Aunty turned me around as she looked in my eyes. "You are a strong man slave. You asked for it, now you are going to get it. Any failure in obedience, and you are going to have it from me. Doesn't matters how many people, I won't hesitate to beat the hell out of you before them. Be careful." Aunty didn't sound like kidding and playing, and she was very much serious. Suddenly, my heart was slowly feeling the fear and frightening of the party. She grabbed me by my ears, and pulled me out of the bed. Aunty stepped her feet in the three inched high stilettos. As I looked upfront, she stood an inch taller than me.

"Get on your all fours slave, and develop a habit of walking like this. Your life is no longer easy for this night." I didn't wait for a second, and bent myself on the knees. She had a dog collar with the chain leash in her hand. She locked my neck beneath the collar, and held the chain to make me walk with her. I started to walk on my all fours, following her command. With a deep V-neck top giving her plump breasts a clear view, and a skin tight denim at her big bottom, and a slave crossdressed walking on its knees and hands, Aunty gave away the ardour of a professional dominatrix.

Before my eyes, there was nothing in the view and just Aunty's well pouched calves beneath the denim as I followed her on my all fours, and she was holding the leash of my pet collar. The lawn outside the house was still under the gate away from the public arena. She made me walk through it and then under the car. While on the doorway, Aunty kicked me in cruelly.

It was not a lovely gesture, but I was the one apparently to mend my own status for this night. Accepting my fate as a bitch, I laid on the car floor at the back. She didn't allow me the seat and placed my head between the front seats close to the gear lever and on my knees. Aunty kissed me on my forehead as she started the car. She pat on my head and freaked me out more for the upcoming events, and continued to drive.

After an hour of driving, we came out of the city area. The atmosphere around suddenly started to cool down as we made our way to the countryside. It was not a rural area mirroring poverty but some tract enclosed with agricultural fields till the last frame and a cottage between the fields at every 500 metres. The weather was cooling down as we were heading forward.

There was a big close to three floored wooden cottage house with a triangular roof in the view. It was enlightened heavily, and was situated between big matured crops of few green corn fields, covered over more than two acres. Aunty drove between the channel of fields to reach at the gate of the big farmhouse. Few big muscular bouncers were gathered around the gate, and one of them saw Aunty from a close range, and opened the gate to let the car get in. As I looked closely, they were all black men.

I was shivering already in fear by the looks of the heavy black bouncers, and wondered if what more scary is awaiting for us inside, me specifically as it was all a matter of pampering and pleasure for Aunty. As we entered in the compound there were dozens of costly imported coups parked in it. Doctor Anushka was married in a billionaire family, and the big farm house seemed to be hers.

Aunty grabbed a long length leather jacket to put it over her big body. She went out of the car, and opened the back door to get near to me. She took her hands to the back of the seat to grab something, It was a black leather hood. Grabbing that, she came close to me.

"Do you feel cold?" Aunty asked in a low caring tone and rubbed on my back a little. I nodded in a yes from my puppy face. Aunty covered my body with a thick fury clothe to warm my body under the thin feminine attire.

"Always remember slave, there is no-one whom loves you more than me." She came forward to lock my lips with her. Aunty moved her lips on mine for few seconds to arouse me a little.

"You may find familiar people inside and I don't want anyone to recognize you or come to know about our little relationship." Aunty did care for my prestige. She put the hood over my face. My lips and eyes were open from few portions under the hood, and hide the rest of the face. My identity was quite efficiently hidden under the hood. She held the leash again, and I followed her on my all fours.

As soon as we came out of the car, there were some clear sounds getting heard of EDM beats and women's cheers and shouts from inside the house. It sounded more like some wild crazy bacheloratte party. None of us were a party animal in particular, but we were still going there. We reached the door, and the next sight took me by surprise. It was a naked muscular man with a physique like a husky workout enthusiast standing at the door.

He was black like the bouncers outside, and close to 6'4 feet, perfect abs and had a very tough body. His dick was big, 10 inches by the looks of it, the only one I did see before like that was on Aunty's one bedtime lover. He hugged Aunty to welcome her, and she hugged him back in amusement.

Aunty patted on his big dick a little, as she kissed on his cheek. The guy responded by grabbing her half bare boobs hanging from her T-shirt. He asked Aunty to take me a little forward by the leash and he stood at my back, very close to my butt. The guy bent down to hike the fury clothe over my body, and then took my babydoll up as he leaned down to have a look at my butt. He stated my ass a 'small meat' and took out a circular ink block to hit on my butt. He stamped something on my butt with the ink block.

After getting my butt stamped, Aunty pulled the leash, and I started to follow her again. As soon as we entered in, all I saw were big emperor's chairs in a dozen numbers arranged circularly across the wide and big hallway. Each chair had one lady in it with a glass of wine in their hands, and they were all dressed in slutty party wears, while some were in traditional Indian attires - saree, kurti & leggings. The chairs had an individual leash fastened to them, and the women had their slaves captivated in the leashes. Slaves were in feminine attires - babydoll and nightsuit, while there was also a man in kurti and lehenga.

From the displays in the room, men just seemed like little pets and playthings to all the women there. Natural hierarchies were isolated to hypothetical thesis. The whole house was resonating with the loud music as we entered in. There was a dance floor at the rear end of the house close to a big swimming pool, and there were near naked Indian women in their two pieces bikinis cheering and shaking their deistic physiques on the EDM beats.

As we entered more in, one lady from a corner shouted Aunty's name after seeing her entering in. The cheers of her name were raised in no time and echoed from the walls of the place, the ladies whistled and cheered on her name. Aunty was a famous person among these dominatrix. One lady in a chair at our front stood up and turned around to greet Aunty. It was Doctor Anushka. She looked divine and majestic as usual. My heartbeats went cold as soon as I got the glances of her beautiful smile with her snowy white teeth shining beneath her juicy lips.

She was elegantly dressed in a plunge low cut dress, that showed most portion of her perfect firm busts. Aunty leaned down a little to hug the perfect 5'5 beautiful lady, and Anushka welcomed her in. She had a look at my hooded face and laughed a little.

"He doesn't seems like Anmol, who is he?" She asked Aunty while still smiling.

"Oh dear, I did captivate a little plaything for this evening. Anmol is out with his family and I had no intentions to miss this evening so I triggered my social powers and..." Aunty laughed a little.

"YOU BITCH..." Dr. Anushka laughed back loudly. Doctor Anushka gave Aunty the seat next to hers, and we sat in it. Aunty clipped my leash with the chair, and I was left restrained on my knees there. Both of them started to talk again. Suddenly both of them built on to their laughters on and specifically cursed me with names. Aunty was enjoying my humiliation. I had almost build tears due to humiliation until there came a pretty lady from the side door.

She was dressed in a revealing clothe, and the only thing opaque on her body was the thigh high stockings on her legs that added sexiness to her look. There was a little 3 feet high stage built at the side of the room. She took the stage by herself, and had a microphone in her hand.

"Good evening ladies and umm." She took a second to clear her throat, "LADIES ofcourse." The whole room was filled with laughter after her humorous stating.

"Okay okay jokes apart. I'm Ashna, your host for this erotic and blistering evening. As you all know we call this night a 'CUCKOLD CROSSOVER.' So are you all excited?" Before even Ashna - the host could complete her sentence, half the ladies cheered with their hurrahs and whistles. The ladies from the pool also joined in the joyous chaos. The night was perfectly scripted and choreographed, and everyone seemed very excited. Aunty didn't make any sound, and sat there smiling with her denim covered legs, crossed over one another.

"Shall we start?" The ladies screamed out their yeses and started to clap.

"I would see you all again after an hour once we start with our games. Till then..." She stopped speaking, and opened the door at her back. I was shocked by the next scene. The door got opened up to six naked black men, who were all of the same muscularity. They seemed to be male strippers. The ladies crazily yelled and whined as they entered in. I was curious of what was going to happen next.

The music started, and the men entered in dancing on the beats with their naked bodies. Most of them got in the room, while others joined the ladies at the pool side dance floor. The men took turns to dance before every single woman, and made their hands to rub and roam on their abs and cocks. Some of the ladies were shy, while some didn't care. The ladies reacted on the guys' absurd dancing, and rubbed their palms shamelessly on their huge cocks.

As aunty stated earlier about the familiar faces, and there were few. I saw Mrs. Rathod there, who was our former neighbour some months ago. Last time I saw her, she was in a set of joggers and T-shirt, dropping her seven year old to the school bus. But the scenery was no similar now, she had her husband captivated in the leash and was dressed in a ripped knee length dress, that showed most of her body from the front.

Mrs. Rathod grabbed one of the guys from his cock, and brought him forward. She grabbed his butt with one hand and got her head closer to take his huge cock in her mouth. As soon as she put the big thick meat in her mouth, the majority of the ladies applauded and whistled in amusements. Aunty laughed at her desperation as she started to blow the big cock. She kneeled in a little and quickly got the dick in and out of her mouth. After her initiation, the other ladies whom were close to the cocks of other guys started to give them heads as well.

The atmosphere was well built by now, as each lady in every corners was enjoying thick dicks in their mouths. There were claps and yells around the room as it happened. Mrs. Rathod didn't stop and kept blowing the dick for more than five minutes as the rest of the ladies without any shaft watched her hungrily. The guys moved all over the room, and every lady gave them heads. I didn't believe for sometime that it was a party consisting of regular Indian women who were mothers and wives.

When having the glimpses of these, I turned my head to the pool side. The ladies in bikinis were dancing on the beats of the music. They were joined by two macho naked black men on the dance floor. The men didn't seem to care about their femininity and touched them all over their near naked butts and bust to dance with them. The women returned by gathering around them, and massaging their big cocks, and shaking their butts or bodies around them. I was just finished with this, until the male strippers were getting close to us - Doctor Anushka and Aunty.

Anushka was a carefree woman, and she did blow on their dicks in the similar manner. She used almost all the guys, and left only few of them. Now it was Aunty's turn to fulfill the pampering ambience. All the ladies screamed loudly as the black men came close to her. Aunty uncrossed her legs over one another, and came forward from the chair, and held one guy from his dick. She was very confident in going in, and pulled him forward to start blowing him on his shaft. She had some great blowjob skills, and did the shaft in and out of her mouth with pace and elegance.

She made the guy to put his one leg over the chair, and closed her eyes to blow on it roughly. Aunty touched the other guys on their abs and dick, as she sucked the first man's. At an instance, Aunty had the entire length in her mouth. She shifted her focus to his full balls, and took his testicles in her mouth to suck on it wetly as well for a minute. Some ladies were in mere disbelief with the desperation and hunger of their D.I.G. of the state. Aunty tasted all the guys' meats in her mouth and got free after straight five minutes. Aunty turned her head towards me and laughed a little. Her face had the look of enjoyment and joy. Ladies who were still hungry for cock, called the men towards them and blew on their dicks as well.

The plot was taking a new shape as one lady from the other corner got up from her seat, and turned around. As I keyed my attention with more enhanced rivet at her, I was shocked as hell by her identification. It was Miss Babita - my sixth grade history teacher in school. I couldn't have imagined her here in my worst imaginations. She was a hot woman in her early thirties, and was elegantly dressed in the traditional kurti and leggings, like she would dress herself back in the school days when teaching us. She mounted over the chair on her knees and got bent over it. Miss Babita let the escort guy to hike her kurti up, and slide her leggings down till her good thighs, to expose her fair sized tanned buttocks. She was very gorgeous, and was laying perfectly over her knees, exposing her beautiful ass.

The guy sprayed some milky white vanilla spray on her buttocks, and then licked it clean as he ate her ass with his tongue and teeth. He pressed the sprayer again to cover her butt beneath the white foggy spray, and stopped there. He undid the leash of her slave partner from the chair to free him from it. Her slave was her husband. I have seen him many times previously, coming to drop Miss Babita to school, but the scenario was no similar here. Miss Babita has dressed him in a red frock and leggings.

The muscular stripper held his leash, and got him forward. He let her husband to lick it clean from her anus, and the region around it. The mature slave guy was sluggish at first, but the black stripper had no patience as he held his head tightly from the back to let him move his tongue in her anus with more pace. Miss Babita was smiling over the chair by the oral worship, and rest of the ladies in the room cheered loudly as the slave served on her anus with his helpless tongue.

Aunty was just smiling silently as she watched it all happening. The stripper stopped him from doing it once her anus and ass cheeks were clean again. He complied her butt rigidly and inflicted a tight slap on it, Miss Babita exhaled a big fuss as he did it. She was given several more spanks on her butt, and the sound of the spank echoed throughout the entire room as she moaned in pain. She was always a strict and domineering teacher who has disciplined and beaten students for even smaller errors like coming late. It was quite a pensively disgusting scene to take place before my eyes. The scenarios were reversed upside down altogether.

Her ass was beet red with several spanks in a minute. The atmosphere was loud with cheers and applauds as it happened. The spanked Miss Babita was smiling in arousal with her eyes closed. The muscular guy stopped, and got her out of the chair. He placed her on the knees at the floor. Miss Babita was perfectly placed on the floor with her ample hot butt sticking out from her back as she was bent for good.

The black fella stood at her back, and he roamed his eyes around the room. He was looking at every lady, and then their slaves. On the way of his eyes towards us, he stopped there and pointed his finger at me. I was freaked out to death at his pointing on me but my panicking was taken away once he moved his fingers at Doctor Anushka to my near left. His fingers now stayed pointed rigidly towards her, and he looked at one of his fellow stripper man.

The another naked guy came to Doctor Anushka's chair and cut loose the leather leash of her husband - Purav from the chair. Purav was a billionaire and one of the highest earners of the state, but this place was definitely not his corporate sector. Doctor Anushka kneeled in to kiss Purav on his cheeks, as the guy started to take him away. He held his leash to make him walk on his all fours till Miss Babita's back. Purav was in a pink babydoll, and his vulnerable cock was locked in a steel CBT-6000. He was applied some lip gloss on his lips to add to his feminine attire.

The stripper bent himself on the floor over Miss Babita as he kissed and bite on her shoulders. He wet her hairy pubic region with his spit and massaged his giant ten inched cock on it. He inserted it, and fit it in her tight hole. Miss Babita moaned in arousal as he fit his entire length of the very first thrust. Fitting himself comfortably in the doggy style, the muscular guy started to fuck her harder. He grabbed her hairs, and fucked her roughly from behind. Stripper might be a wrong epithet now, these men were male escorts.

The other macho escort worked on Purav, and made him lick the balls of the guy who was fucking my former history teacher. Doctor Anushka's husband served as a cuckold to another lady.

Doctor Anushka looked at Aunty with a smile, and had a little look of worry over her face for her husband. She inhaled a heap of air as she held herself high again. She called in the escort guy who took her husband away, and he came to her. On her asking, he also unleashed the poor husband of Miss Babita, and took him close to her chair. Doctor Anushka stood up from her seat as she grabbed the one feet taller guy from his head to get his face down, and locked her lips with him. She kissed him harder for a minute and licked his tongue on the follow up. Doctor Anushka tapped on the head of Miss Babita's husband and made him put the escort fella's macho boner in his mouth to start sucking on it. The muscular guy picked her up in his lap and kissed her more for few minutes.

The guy slipped his hand over her chest to squeeze her firm breasts through the low cut plunge dress. He slipped the dress down her shoulders till the waist to expose her full frontal region. Doctor Anushka had an angelic body, she was not a fitness freak and the little accumulated fat at the end of her tummy below the navel added beauty to her naked body. She had a little queen's crown tattoo inked above her butt. The guy sucked on her brown tits, and at this moment Miss Babita's husband was made to orally serve Doctor Anushka's anus between the thong. The escort lubricated her vagina, and placed her in the chair with her legs spread wide. He fucked the little Doctor Anushka harder, and the serving slave beneath them worshipped their feet.

In the meantime, Doctor Anushka and Miss Babita had their husbands shared. The poor slaves served their mistresses' lovers as a pair of inverted cuckolds. I finally understood the definition of 'CUCKOLD CROSSOVER'. Doctor Anushka got fucked for several more minutes. At the other side, Miss Babita was crying out in pain, as the guy was crushing her 165 centimetre's miniature feminine structure under his heavy weight. He had her big Bengali bust exposed, and the escort guy thrust his penis in her hole with more force from the back. After some minutes of cruel wet fucking from the either sides, both the escorts let Dr. Anushka and Miss Babita go.

The guys turned their attentions to the serving slaves, and grabbed the slaves' heads to get them close to their giant cocks. They didn't wait for a second, and inserted their big cocks in Purav's and Miss Babita's husband's mouth to make them forcibly give a good blowing on their dicks. Poor billionaire Purav and Miss Babita's husband were helpless and they gave the escorts a wet blowjob on their shafts. Dr Anushka and Miss Babita gone at their back and hiked their top up to choke their thong covered stamped butts and then their manly breasts (chest) under the chemise cups. They pressed on them, and laughed loudly looking at each other to humiliate both of their slave husbands.

As this got ended, every lady had their slave partners shared as a cuckold, and fucked the escorts well. The ladies at the pool side were filling the cocks in their holes as well. The party took an orgy shape by now as there were ladies getting fucked at every corner of the house. My fear was edging to come alive in the next few minutes as there were only two ladies left untouched in the room, Mrs. Rathod and Aunty.

Aunty and Mrs. Rathod were kept in fronts to share their slaves. Aunty looked at me, and locked my open lips from the hood with hers for few seconds. She kissed me nicely and then pushed me away. One escort guy took me away from the leash and close to Mrs. Rathod, who was very much ready and hungry to get fucked. Before the session could have started, the lady host from the past hour entered in and took the stage again. She announced on the mic about some 'Special Privilege' that Aunty and Mrs. Rathod with their slaves were going to get provided with after they were the only two pairs left. I didn't know what it meant, and decided to not think about it as I had no going back from there.

All the four escorts in the room came close to both the ladies in a group of two. As I looked at the other side, Aunty was held by one muscular guy from her front while the other one stood at her back. The front man held her gigantic butt through the denim, while the other one slipped his hands under her arms to cup her big breast in his palms. They kissed her on the lips and neck from the front and back respectively, while squeezed her curvy hot feminine organs beneath her clothe. The same privilege was favoured to Mrs. Rathod as she got used by the other two muscular escorts as well from the either sides.

The escort facing her back, hiked her dress up to squeeze her petite butt under it. They undressed her perfectly and left her in just the undergarments over her fleshy body. Mrs. Rathod was just like a regular Indian homemaker, firm breasts, wide hips, even waist, round belly, short legs and fat accumulated on every edge of her body. My services as a slave initiated as I took turn to put the dick of the either guys in my mouth, and blew them well. Their cocks were very big and iron hard. Their big dicks ended at my uvula in the mouth that made my eyes to get watery out of the coughing I would get into. On Mrs. Rathod's orders, the guys held my hairs, and rubbed my face cruelly on her ample round ass. I was humiliated, and didn't feel very good, but Aunty didn't tolerate mistakes and I had to keep licking Mrs. Rathod's ass to save myself from Aunty's rage due to disappointments. I loved and feared her more than my life and death equally.

As I looked at the other side, Aunty was held by the muscular escorts from her front and back. Unlike the other ladies, Aunty with her 5'9 voluptuous big structure didn't look miniature against the muscular black men. She was kissing the muscular guy at her front, and continually squeezed his well worked masculine bum. Aunty stopped kissing the guy, and turned her attention to Mrs. Rathod's partner, and forced him to suck the cock of the guy who was standing at her back. Aunty turned her head a little to kiss the guy at her back. He was already massaging her boobs and started to eat her lips.

The guy at the front focused his mouth at her neck and licked and kissed on it. He then made her plunge T-shirt to come out of her top, and slipped Aunty's bra down to expose her all 34-D cups. The guy tilt his head at her boobs to kiss and lick on it wetly. Aunty opened her lips wider to kiss the other guy at her back as he moved his hand on her hips, and unbuttoned her denim. The guy at the front kept sucking on Aunty's boobs and then her brown tits, and slipped the denim away from her bottom to leave Aunty in just the panties over her voluptuous figure. Aunty grabbed Mrs. Rathod's partner by his hairs and stopped him from blowing the big cock of the escort. She pulled him up from the ground, and he stood next to her. He was a small man, and stood atleast two inches shorter than my tall mistress. Aunty hiked his babydoll and spanked on his butt with tough swings.

Aunty humiliated the shorter guy with a series of hard spanks on his feminized butt, and the ladies in the room laughed on him. In the meantime, both the esorts placed themselves on their knees and took to Aunty's flat stomach and ass, to worship them from both the sides. The one at her back was constantly kissing and sniffing on her big 40 inched bottom through her panties. They kissed on her midsection and butt, and Aunty closed her eyes in pleasure. She was definitely enjoying the service. Mrs Rathod's weak slave partner was no longer needed, and Aunty pushed him away with her strength as he fell down three inches away from them. My life was not in peace either, as my helpless tongue were roaming inside Mrs. Rathod's anus.

She was a merciless woman, and she gased my face with her abstract and smelly dirt. Afterwards, I was not needed either as the black escorts kicked me away from them, and I was left dithered on the ground. I moved my hooded face to look at Aunty. She was already looking at me, and she raised her eyebrows and smiled a little after watching my humiliation. Her look reminded me of what she said about being careful what I was wishing for. My eyes were constantly throwing away tears of humiliation and I remained on the ground in my feminine attire as the mistress ladies in the room looked at me with their amusing gaze.

Aunty turned her attention to the guys who were eating her from her wide midsection and the big butt. One of the black guy mounted over the chair, and Aunty unhesitatingly took her head close to his big ten inched member and took it in her mouth. As soon as Aunty bent to lean forward towards the black guy, the other guy came beside her big butt to hook his fingers at her waistline and slipped her underwear till her thighs. He spit on Aunty's vagina and used his fingers to lubricate her mature opening. He entered in her hole from behind with his very big cock. Aunty closed her eyes in arousal as her hole got stretched to four times of it's initial size, and the guy stroked his thick member in and out of her. Aunty continued to blow the dick of the guy in the chair as the other one kept fucking her roughly from behind. She always loved big meat in her, and was constantly smiling and moaning following the hard fucking.

On my right, Mrs. Rathod was made to ride on one of the escort's giant erection. It was bigger than what Aunty was getting filled in with. The another escort kissed her medium sized breasts as she continued to ride. Mrs. Rathod was not able to take the size very well, and she stayed crying and moaning in pain and pleasure of fucking the big dick. The other black men came on his feet and close to her mouth, to fill her mouth and make her blow on his big dick. Mrs. Rathod was used very well by both the guys and her moans were killed under the blowjob on the other dick.

The scenario lasted few minutes, and was put further to change, as the other guy placed Mrs. Rathod at her side hip and opened her legs wide. He looked down and adjusted his big and thick cock on her little butthole. He spit directly on her hole to ease his way in. The guy aimed the thick cock at her wrinkled asshole to stretch it seven times of it's initial size and began to fuck her anus from behind. The other escort laid himself at her front, and fit his big cock in her vagina. Mrs. Rathod was a small woman, and she was sandwiched between the two muscular escorts who were filling her holes from both the sides. She was laughing and crying loudly in agony and arousal, as the guys moved back and forth roughly inside her anally and from the front.

I turned my head at Aunty's end, and was astounded enough by the scenery there. One guy layed on his back at the floor. Aunty got on top of him and kneeled forward to lay on him, and ride him in the classy cowgirl style. The second guy on his knees, approached Aunty from behind. Depending upon Aunty's 5'9 tall and very wide structure, he comfortably kneeled on her back so that could enter her anally. The muscular fella at her back thrust her anally, while she rode the guy beneath her. In no time, the guys went on to double penetrate her holes from both the ends. Aunty closed her eyes in pain and pleasure, and moaned heavily. She built on to her moans as the muscular guys roughly stuffed her anus and vagina with their giant cocks. Aunty took turns to switch between the guys lips at both the sides and ate their lips while continued to get fucked in both the holes by them. She was acting as a sex slave to the escort strippers.

In an instance, the escorts digging in Mrs. Rathod's called me to their side. They made me lick their balls, while fucking Mrs Rathod from both the ends. My services as a cuckold were fulfilled by now, as I humiliatingly licked their full testicles. After few minutes of orgy gangbangs, the ladies were freed by the escorts. Aunty was fatigued and covered in sweat, as she sat in the chair with her substantial naked body to catch her breathe. Mrs. Rathod was not very energetic like Aunty, and didn't stand up on her own from the ground after being nearly raped, and the guys helped her to get back in the chair. I was laid on the ground waiting for the next creepy happenings. Aunty was a strong woman, hence it didn't take her more than few minutes to redeem her stamina back. She left her seat and walked down towards me and Mrs. Rathod's partner. I looked up at her as she called all the naked escorts closer.

Aunty with Dr. Anushka's help rubbed the shafts of all the four naked guys, and they leaked a heaps of cum from their cock. Half a yard of the floor was dirtied with the thick white goo of the escorts. The ladies clapped as it took place, and with Aunty initiating the chant they all joined in. In a sudden moment, the chants of "LICK IT; CLEAN IT" hit the road around entire house.

Aunty looked down at me with her blunt eyes, and used her feet to nod on my head. I laid down to start licking the cum from the floor. Aunty kept my head trapped under her big sole as I moved my tongue on the thick white liquid at the floor. Mrs. Rathod's slave was not doing much as he stayed there to lick sluggishly with his head down. In a minute, I cleaned the floor by myself, and the other slave didn't do much. I was crying continuously in humiliation, and did the floor accurately. Aunty had a little tear in her eyes and gazed at me with a proud look in her eyes. She brought me up from the ground, and the ladies in the room clapped for me. I certainly had an imperative vibe flowing inside of me, thinking of how efficient of a man I have become under Aunty's slavery.

Aunty held my chin and used her hands to wipe away my tears and the cum from my hood. She lovingly hugged me before everyone. Aunty's warm big body was all I could ask for to stay glued with me. Returning the favor, I wiped the small tear away from her cheek. We stayed there in eachother's arms like two lifelong lovers. Aunty smiled against my face, and took me with her in the chair. Other slaves were put back in their leashes, while Aunty made me sit in her lap. Though I was a big boy approaching to 6 feet, I felt like a 3 years old in Aunty's wide lap. She caressed my face and kissed on my cheeks. The other ladies watched with amusements as Aunty trapped me in her safe arms, and I stayed in her lap with my head laid on her shoulder.

"Aunty is so proud of you, son." She murmured in slowly with her loving tone, and kissed my forehead from the hood. I loved my Aunty very much, and I stayed there mum in her arms.

Mrs. Rathod didn't had a pleasing look in her eyes, as she approached her slave husband. She kneeled in to grab him by his hairs, and shouted out loudly,

"Who the fuck are you? Are you a man? Didn't your mother teach you to do the work that is asked? I don't think she did, but don't worry bitch, I WILL." With her each sentence, Mrs. Rathod inflicted four hard slaps on her husband's cheeks. He was red in humiliation, and kept crying on the tough smacks. He stayed there begging for mercy but Mrs. Rathod had no stopping to her anger. I was blown away by the thought of her being the mother of a seven years old with the same man she was beating. In the meantime the host lady was back on the stage.

The lady put the mic at her mouth, and there rang a bell. The guys in the room got dressed in the guard's dresses, and replaced themselves with the guards on the gate. The ones from the room stood at the gate, and the guard guys joined in the room. They undressed themselves, leaving the same muscular bodies as the ones earlier. Now the room was filled with new naked muscular escorts, some of them stayed in, while the others joined the ladies in the pool. The host lady started to speak in the mic again.

"I'm afraid, we have a loser here." She looked at Mrs. Rathod's defeated partner, and announced loudly on the mic. "Mrs. Rathod, as you are the concerned authority of this slave, what are your plans for her?" She asked her.

"NOT GOOD." Mrs. Rathod laughed devilishly on the mic. Her laugh said something, and I was afraid as to what was going to happen with the poor guy. Once Mrs. Rathod got over with the pep talk, she did something amazing. She pulled him by his hairs and stood at his back, and kept his back facing the black guys.

"She is for you to use, masters." Mrs. Rathod offered him to them. Aunty laughed a little on their positionings. She definitely knew what was going to happen from here. The new big muscular fellas weren't known of how good or bad he performed his task, they were just aware of his fate. They looked at him hungrily.

One of the guys went forward and grabbed him by his hairs. Mrs. Rathod came at his back, and put her hand on his ass cheeks, to stretch it wide, and make his dark anus to open wide and visible. He aimed his big sized erection at his hole. Mrs. Rathod reminded her husband of his erratum performance, and he looked down closing his eyes in shame, and the guy entered in him from behind. I didn't know about him being a bisexual, and the guy fucked his butthole. He was crying continuously, as the muscular fella mounted on his miniature physique to fuck him roughly.

Once the guy was satisfied, he stepped back and let the other guy to step forward. Mrs Rathod enjoyed her husband's humiliated state as he got fucked by all the husky fellas in the next minutes. I was shaking continuously because it could have been me instead of him, getting banged there roughly. Mrs. Rathod did gaze at her husband with a pitiful look, but grabbed him by his hairs to take his fatigued body to the chair, and locked him in the leash again.

"That was cruelty at its very best, our society craves attention of the ladies like Mrs. Rathod, doesn't it Ladies?" The ladies in the house shouted at the host's question and started to applaud. Mrs. Rathod had scarlet over her cheeks after she was given the ovation for her cruel mistress' job.

"Now let's move to our final round, that we know here by the name of 'BE A MAN' round, and it starts, NOW." Saying that, she put on the tape to a sophisticated piano and violin music, that gave away an obligatory French thriller vibe. I didn't know about it at all, and the escort fellas stopped at each lady with a tray. All the ladies took one strap-on dildo of the size of their choice from the tray. Ever since the ladies had sex with the earlier escorts, they didn't dress themselves, and were still naked. I understood some of it as they put on the harness at their bare waists and hips.

Aunty unloaded me from her lap, and I sat down on the floor. She also left her seat, to put the strap-on on her big hips. As soon as I could take my head up, I saw Miss Babita coming towards us. She stopped just at the chair, and said,

"Mind if I borrow the 'Best slave of the night' from you, Miss Anamika." She asked to Aunty. 'BEST SLAVE OF THE NIGHT' I smiled a little under the hood as I heard my title. Aunty grinned back and said,

"Sure, but I suppose your leniency on him" Aunty laughed ironically, and offered me to her. Miss Babita laughed back with a, "Sure" and took me to the center of the room. I didn't know how she was going to use me.

Miss Babita stood at my back, and hiked the babydoll up to grab the thin thong. She slide the thong till my thighs, and spit on my anus. My former history teacher used her fingers to lubricate my hole, and entered her two fingers at a time to stretch it farther. I closed my eyes, and accepted the pain. I sensed her soft inner thighs mounting on my butt as she entered the thick dildo in my anus. My anus was stretched with the thick dildo, and I got my eyes closed and wrinkled to accept the pain. She was not more than 5'5, and adjusted her body on my more than half a foot taller physique. Miss Babita was my strict and beautiful sixth grade history teacher, who has beaten me then with a cane for not paying a little bit attention. I couldn't have imagined her, taking my ass after few years. She held me by my waist and increased the level of the thrusts in my asshole with her big and thick dildo. I struggled and moaned in pain, as she kept digging in my asshole with her girl cock.

As I looked towards Aunty she had taken the husband of Miss Babita in return. He was a skinny, and an even heightened guy with Aunty, but looked very small under her voluptuous physique. She had his frock hiked up and leggings pulled down till his thighs, and she kept fucking his little hole with the dildo. As I looked around the room, every lady had one or the other slave under or over them, and they fucked their little holes. Mrs. Rathod's partner who was already much fucked, was getting fucked again by an unknown plump lady. She thrust the dildo in and out of his loose hole. The room was echoing with the sound of males' cries, and I had joined them as well. Miss Babita's thrusts were cruel and hard, and I kept whining in pain.

After ten long minutes of being used and humiliated by the Mistresses, the slaves were set free. I was not able to straighten myself properly, following the hard fucking I got from Miss Babita. As we - the slaves were catching our breathe, the room got cleared up. The escort guys went to the poolside, and dipped themselves in the large 15x30 swimming pool. I had just opened my eyes after a minute of catching my breathe, and I saw something very erotic. Aunty was walking downstairs from the first floor in a blue bikini top, and a thong bottom covering just her crack of the gigantic butt. Before I could get over her, Doctor Anushka with her magnificent angelic body in the the bikini also came down. Mrs. Rathod and Miss Babita with the other ladies joined in from the other stairs in their two pieces as well. I didn't know how to react, and developed an erection right after it.

The ladies ignored the slaves, and joined in the guys at the pool. They were served wine by the escorts, and they boozed, bathe, and had some very wet fun with the naked men in the pool. Aunty was seen kissing one of the guys, when having the glass of wine. Her wet body in the bikini looked divine, and she was enjoying at her fullest. Doctor Anushka and Miss Babita were seen touching, and eating other escorts in the pool, while the rest of the ladies did the same. After an hour, the slaves including me, helped their Mistresses to dry themselves, and get clothed again.

The host came on the stage again. She thanked the ladies in the pool, and with their entire crew of a dozen of escorts on the stage, they thanked Doctor Anushka for organising the party. Before the party could get properly over, there was a little award distribution held. Aunty was titled as the 'Best Mistress of the evening.' In the recognition of that, the crew gifted her some heavy and precious, 'Mistress's kit.' It was very big, and the muscular guys grabbed it to help it to put it in the car. I was titled as the 'Best slave of the evening' and Mrs. Rathod's husband was recognized as the best 'Pimp of the evening.'

Just as Mrs Rathod's husband came naked on the stage to show himself, and enhance his humiliation, Aunty took the mic. She regarded him as a gentleman and let everyone know that 'how much guts does it takes to submit to the one you love' and threw away an imperative gesture. Mrs. Rathod did smile a little on her wise words, and the other ladies clapped at the humiliated slave. He was cheered up with the help of Aunty, and smiled meaningfully for the first time. Aunty hugged me affectionately on the stage, and let everyone know how lucky she was to have a slave like me. My respect for her was raised heavily, after the lovely gesture. The evening ended well, and the mistresses hugged, and bade farewell to each other.

Just when we were about to enter in the car, Doctor Anushka came to Aunty. She stood close to me, and I was laid on all fours at the ground, with Aunty holding the leash of my neck. She looked down at me, and said,

"Anamika, Who is he?" She asked to Aunty.

I was shivering from inside, as she asked it. Aunty kept smiling for few seconds, and looked down at me. My eyes said it all she wanted to know how I was feeling about it.

"He is someone very special." Aunty smiled at her, and Doctor Anushka smiled back. She didn't intend to know after then, and we got in the car. Aunty allowed me to be at the front seat, and she took the wheels. We started to get away from the farmhouse. On Aunty's command, I took the hood out of my face.

"Come here slave, the wine has it's toll on me." I knew what I had to, and came under the seat to settle myself between her legs. I did the button of her denim, and slide it down. As I did my face forward, Aunty threw a sharp and pale jet of her piss in my mouth, and I accepted it delicately. Aunty smiled at me, and wiped away some of the remaining drops of her distilled water dribbling from my chin. She started to drive again, and I licked her hairy pussy, by being under the seat. I took my mouth away from her bottom for a second, and said,

"Thank you Mistress for not telling her. I love you so much." I said to her in my low, slavering tone.

Aunty looked down at me with a pleasing look, and she smiled delicately at me. Doing that, Aunty grabbed the back of my head, and locked it between her legs again. I licked her hairy pussy deeper and deeper as she continued to drive. I brought Aunty to many orgasms on our way to home, and then used my tongue to lick and clean her sticky liquid from her cunt and also the polyester material of the car seat. We were home after an hour of journey.

It was 10:30 in the night, and was already late. Aunty took me with her in the bathroom, and pissed in my mouth again. We used the toilet, and had a shower with each other. Being naked, we bathed and rubbed each other clean. I did her body dry with the towel, and she returned the favour to me. We didn't hesitate to dress ourselves, and laid in the bed naked with each other.

Aunty sat on the bed, and leaned back to lay her legs flat. I placed my head on her shoulder, and upon her husky body. Aunty crossed her hands around me, and held me tightly, and started,

"You were very brave tonight Sushant, I couldn't be any less prouder of you." Aunty said in her soft tone, and caressed my head, and kissed on it. I felt very good on her lovely curtsy and expression.

"Could I ask one question, Mistress?" I asked.

"Sure son." She built on to her nice tone.

"These ladies using their husbands like this, male escorts, how much legal and justifying is all these?" I questioned her.

"Wow son, it has put squeeze on your mind to think this much about it. Firstly, these ladies are not doing it freely, the slave men are on a signed contract with their mistresses, and thereby are constrained to accept whatever is thrown upon them. As far as the escorts are concerned, the agency was a registered one. They are licensed to go to different places to organize erotic parties on a hefty price. Now say Mr. what's wrong?" Aunty asked playfully.

"Nothing much Mistress, my butthole hurts." I answered in the same tone. Aunty rolled her hands on my buttocks, and instilled her two fingers at once in my anus. I moaned softly with my eyes closed.

"Wait for the next day son, until this sensation boosts." She moved her fingers in my anus, and narrated sarcastically.

"Oh god, why can't uncle moon could just be taken care of, and pave way for the yellow ball to rise quickly. I cannot waaiiiitttt." I built on with the sarcasm.

"BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR." Aunty said out in a melodic form, and we started laughing loudly. We talked more, about Mrs. Rathod's husband, and my history teacher's desperation, and laughed loudly on some more happenings of the night. Aunty was certainly my best friend and we loved each other's company. I didn't want this time to end ever. The moon was raised on our head, and after an hour of a refreshing conversation, we began to fall asleep.

Aunty came at my back, and held me tightly with her hot figure. She crossed her leg on my hips, and her big breasts got squeezed on my back with her hard nipples bruising on my body. I felt very safe under Aunty's warm and majestic grip.

"I love you Aunty" was all I could say in the heat of that beautiful moment.

"I love you more, son" Aunty replied to me in her sweet accent. We made our lips to meet once, and she raised her grip to cuddle me strongly in her arms, as we fell asleep. I realised myself to be in the seventh heaven with Aunty.

Next day, the sun raised itself again, and the chirping of the birds started to get heard. Aunty woke up at first, and then nodded on my head to wake me up. I had just fitted my head in the toilet seat, when she came to mount on my face with her big bottom and peed in my mouth. I slurped down her urine under my throat. With time, my mouth became less sensitive to the bad taste of her urine, I have started to like every dirt of Aunty. She dressed herself in her T-shirt and leggings on the substantially built figure, and went out for her fitness sessions.

I bathed myself, and being naked, did the cleanings of the house, and prepared the tea. Aunty was back in an hour. She was covered in sweat, and the muscles on her fatty arms were swelled due to the faster blood transportation in it after the workout. It seemed like she had a tough fitness session this morning. Aunty ordered me to get down on my knees, and I stayed there as she came near to my face and turned around.

Aunty's gigantic 40 inched butt was sticking out of the leggings and was dripping with sweat. The leggings portion above her ass was quite wet due to the sweating. My face was less than half sized and very little against her big butt. On her order, I used my tongue on her sweaty leggings, to lick it clean. I kept roaming my tongue on her leggings, and slurped in some very huge amount of her smelly sweat. I didn't clean nothing on it, and it was just an obedience test to humiliate me. I did my duty as her slave, and moved my tongue on her well toned sweaty thighs and calves as well.

Aunty asked me to undress her, and I did as she commanded. I licked clean every edge of her body ,and drank in all the drops of sweat dripping from it. From her neck, to her boobs, also the nipples between her big brown spot, and ending at her stomach, I cleaned it all with my tongue. The last portion was left in the state of her hairy and most sweaty underarms, she sniffed my head under it for a long minute to humiliate and suffocate me under it, and got served with my tongue on it. Aunty dragged me down to piss in my mouth in that condition. As I stated earlier, none of her dirt was actually dirty for me nomore.

I rinsed myself with the mouth wash, and got dressed in the school uniform. Aunty bathed in the meantime. She put on the green and yellow police uniform on her whopping build-up, and holding the cane in her hand, she came out of the room. She always exhibited so much power in her police uniform that always left me in goosebumps. We had the tea with each other; Aunty patted on my back for making it right and imperative. Holding our waists, we came out of the house.

Aunty drove me to school in her beacon light SUV, and stopped at the gate. She came out of the car to open the door for me, and hugged me at the gate before everyone. I didn't find it improper, and returned to the hug with the same intensity as her. The husky cop lady in the uniform kissed me on the cheeks, and then drove away as everyone gazed at her. She was very lucidly a magnificent woman. I gazed at the ground, and entered in the school with a smile on my face.

Devansh and his group of the former maniacs were hidden and were watching me secretly with Aunty, but didn't come out with the fear of her. Once she was gone, they appeared before me, and welcomed me in. They acted very nicely to me, and even offered me the help to carry my bag. The group were involved in the charity works for the school foundation, and has created an all new posture of them before everybody. Aunty had disciplined them so efficiently, that their actions seemed to be unbelievable at times.

The day in the school was going well until I had to come out of the class in between to use the washroom. On my way back to the class, I had the glimpses of Miss Babita, caning a group of some mischievious sixth graders. My mind reflected back to the scenes from last night, when the same Miss Babita was fucking my ass. I also saw her naked, having sex, and also in the two piece. I kept gazing at her as she was disciplining the children until she caught me doing it. I left her sight. In the recess, I happened to get past her oftentimes, knowingly at times to have a closer look at her. I felt happy to get used by such a perfect lady.

The day in the school ended, and I used the cab to get back to the house. I paid for my ride, and then used the key to unlock the door of the house, and got inside. I changed myself to the comfort wears. Getting in the bathroom, I cleaned Aunty's dirty clothes and my clothes as well. Afterwards, I used the broom to wipe away the dusts from the entire mansion, and left every corner spotless. Grabbing something to eat afterwards, I started to study on the allotted chapters. The reporting day wasn't far away, and I didn't want my butt to get bruised again.

I kept studying till the early evening. Just as the clock hit 19:00, Aunty's car was heard getting parked in the lawn. I didn't waste any moment, and placed myself on the knees at the doorway, to welcome her in. She opened the door, and got inside. Aunty had a pleasant look in her eyes, and came close to me. I licked on her shoes, and kissed on the edges to welcome her in. Aunty patted on my head to accept my submission, and started walking towards the room.

She prepared the dinner for us, and I was given some time off to have rest. We had the dinner together, and conversed about our respective incidents of the day. I told her about seeing Miss Babita while she shared some good time with the cases of the day. We laughed and were finished with the dinner around 8. I helped her in doing the dishes, and we entered in the room together. Aunty was going to do her case studyings. I stayed between her husky legs to lick her pussy, as she did her police files. She put the pipe between her lips, and I helped her to lit it up. She exhaled out some hefty amount of smoke over her head, and continued to do the files. I had to stay there between her legs for full two hours to service her hairy cunt with my tongue. Aunty got finished with it exactly at 10.


Aunty reminded me of what we promised playfully the previous night. I prepared my anus to get through the hardships again. She cut the ribbons of Mistress box - the gift prize from last night at Dr. Anushka's. The box was big and the tools under it didn't give away any impulsions. She took out a big and thick strap-on out of it, and started to place the big 10 inched girl cock on her waist. The harness was beautifully hugged with her butt crack, that looked more like a microkini. I didn't know how to react on it, as I was turned on and freaked out at the same moment.

She pushed me on the bed, and then lubed my anus nicely. Aunty mounted on my back with her heavy body, and didn't wait for a second, and thrust the thick girl cock roughly in my butthole. She grabbed my hairs, and used all her 70 kgs weight to crush me under her husky physique, and fucked me severely like a drunken man. I stayed there crying and screaming for mercy as Aunty fucked me with her giant cock. The pain was unbearable, and I threw out some drops of tears as she continued to use me as her little bitch. Following the hits on my prostate from her big dildo, my dick automatically leaked out white sticky cum from it. I groaned in pleasure as it happened. Aunty kept digging in my little hole for more than ten minutes, and stopped finally.

She unmounted her heavy body from my back to leave me in peace and catch my breathe. I could feel by myself the anus getting widened after the hard thrusting in it. The ambience air hit my bowel briefly inside the stretched anus. As she was putting the dildo back in the box, I stayed in the bed, unmoved and used like a little bitch. Afterwards, she grabbed my hairs to make me forcibly lick the milked cum on the sheet. I rinsed my mouth.

Aunty allowed me to kiss and smooch with her lips, and made my hands to roam on her big butt. Though my pair of hands being of a small size, I used it efficiently on her huge ass to squeeze it in parts, and we widened our lips to keep kissing roughly. She grabbed me in her arms again, to cuddle and sleep with me. This was her soft side, I loved this equally as much as I feared the other one. We were drowned to sleep in some moments.

The next day started off normally. I couldn't walk properly in the school. I was still feeling the toll of the hard peggings from last night on my butthole, and it pained a little. I came back in the afternoon from school. There was a postcard in the letter box outside, I took it out of the box and then inside. I changed myself in the comfort wears and started to do the mainstream shit. Taking the entire one and a half hour, I did all the chores and cleanings of the house. The works were fatiguing as I laid leisurely on the couch to catch my breathe. The envelope of the earlier letter was on the side table, and I stretched my arms to get it from there.

It was in Aunty's name, and I ripped the envelope top to read the letter. My heartbeats kept getting raised as I read further to what was stated in it. The letter said that Aunty was chosen from over a 10k policemen and policewomen as the most allegiant cop of last year. 10k from across the country, that was a big figure. Following her good work, she was going to get awarded with 'Recognition for the lawfully conducted police service' title, which was a category reintroduced after a decade. She was also the first women to get this honour. I felt very happy and proud for her. I studied in the remaining hours and gleefully waited for Aunty to come home.

As the evening hours got initiated, I heard Aunty parking outside. I couldn't have waited to let her know about it. I let the time pass a little, as she used me as her peebox and freshen herself up. When Aunty was in the bathroom, I waited outside it. Having held the letter in my mouth like a pet, I dropped myself on on my knees at the doorway of bathroom. As Aunty came out, she had the glimpses of the letter in my mouth, and pulled it out of my lips. She had just undressed out of her uniform, and stood there in her lingerie, and read the letter.

I waited on my knees for her to finish up, and faced the floor, still enthusiastic, and was smiling inside constantly. Aunty got finished with the letter, and I didn't hear any celebratory tone.

Aunty placed her hand on my hairs, and roamed her fingers under it, and said, "Thank you son. I am amused to get the knowledge about it. Pick something by yourself and order it out son. We are going to have a nice dinner. This is a joyous evening." Her tone was cool and smooth.

"But before that.." Aunty stopped, and tightened her grip on my hairs and held it tightly. She leaned down a little, and faced me from a close range. "Never put yourself upfront or do anything without taking my proper consent, like reading this letter by yourself. Don't forget you are nothing more than a slave in this house." Aunty maintained her sweet accent, and before reaching out to the end of her words, she tightened the grip on my hairs, and inflicted four hard slaps on my cheek. Even though the moment asked something else, I accepted the slaps for putting myself first, I deserved it. Aunty kept the hold tighter on my hairs, and helped me to see the way out of the room on my all fours.

I was kicked out of the room and Aunty closed the door at my back. The slaps from her tough and heavy hand caused my cheeks to burn heavily. I didn't know why did she not express any happiness, and I crawled towards the window to peep inside. Adding to my bewildering, Aunty has taken the letter in her hands and looked at it with joy. Her facials expressions changed as she was now smiling heavily and stuck the letter with her chest, and hugged it smoothly. She shed some tears of joy.

Aunty was more of an understating or deceiving person, who expressed her happiness behind the closed doors. I didn't feel bad for the slaps but felt very good for my lovely mistress. It was so impulsive to see her being happy about the recognition she was going to get, she deserved it. Aunty was laughing and laid herself in the bed, wiping away her tears. I left the window to let her have the moment for herself alone, and came downstairs.

I spent the next hour studying, and the door bell rang at around eight. It was the delivery boy with the order that I phoned for. I paid him, and also tipped him following the celebratory environment, he left with a smile. Aunty should have been made to feel special, and I had ordered her favourite Punjabi dishes. She always had an edge for 'Kadai Paneer' and 'Dal makhani'. She came downstairs in half an hour, as I have served the dinner on the table by now. Aunty smiled at me, and I still had the scenes of her slapping me going on in my head. I didn't change my expressions much, and kept looking at the floor.

Without any word, we got off to eat our dinner. Being a workout ethic, Aunty ate twice the food as me. We had a heavy calorific dinner, and it took me a little time to adjust myself properly with the pouched stomach and do the dishes. In the meantime, Aunty went back in the room, ignoring my existence. We didn't talk since then.

I cleaned everything, and did the lights of the house. I cleaned the couch again before leaving for bed. How changed and improved man I had been in this very small period, all the credits should be going to Aunty and her dominance over me. I walked towards the room door in some slow steps, and hesitated to face Aunty. As I entered the room, she was doing the cupboards. She looked at me, once I got inside the room. She kept looking at me, and took the seat at the edge of the bed. Sitting there, she tapped on her big and bare thighs. I knew what to do, I sat on her hefty leg with my small butt. Aunty put her hands around my waist and looked into my eyes. She roamed her hands over my still heavy cheeks, and touched on the portions where her fingers left the marks.

"Does it still hurts, son? Aunty asked in a sweet and low murmuring tone.

I was still feared with what happened earlier. It took me a little time to react to her question and gather my guts to answer. "Yes mistress."

"I know this was not the imperative manner to react, but you broke the rules son. How could I allow it to let go?" She explained her actions. I knew Aunty didn't accept mistakes.

"I deserved it Mistress. Regardless of that, I am happy and very proud of you." I said in my innocent and sober accent, and Aunty smiled on my wise words and rubbed on my cheeks. She kissed it a little. It felt nice to have her soft and cultivated lips touching my young cheeks. "How do you feel for this honour?" I asked her. Aunty couldn't have been able to hide and deceive the feelings this time out.

"No bad or exaggerated feelings son, it feels just right. I like this profession, these responsibilities related to it. Always has been a lover of justice and made sure it gets inflicted properly. I liked to reinstall this category though after so long. I feel good for every hard working women out there trying to prove their relevance towards the society. Taking my referral or setting up the benchmark around my good works, if they could learn to take their stands, then it's a victory for me; for us. I like my duties." Aunty's confident and elegant words were very strong and impulsive. Anything I could have done at that moment, but to salute her for everything she was doing. I loved my mistress so much.

I wrapped my hands around her back and hugged her big body with mine. Aunty didn't react angrily to it but to hug me back. She pushed me back a little, and grabbed my T-shirt to hike it up and off my head. We brought our faces closest to each other, and our lips met. Still in her lap, I faced her body, and dangled my feet around her wide waist, and looked down at her to build on the intensity of our smooches. I definitely felt feminine being in her lap, but that was what my role was exactly about! I felt the warmth of her big boobs under my small palms, and we opened our lips wider to passionately kiss each other. She slipped her hand in my shorts and over the erection and rubbed it out. We allowed our tongues to freely dance over eachother and kept kissing wetly for a while.

I came out of her lap, and then to her feet. Holding her feet, I made Aunty to lay down on the bed. Starting to worship her feet, I roamed my tongue up till her shorts, and worshipped her well pouched and fleshy legs with my tongue. Aunty's good and big thighs were godlike and majestic; I spent my half of the time, kissing and admiring her good thighs with my lips. I reached below her navel, and held her shorts and underwear at once, to pull it out of her bottom. Aunty's beautiful hairy vagina was exposed. Stretching her legs farther, I fit my head in it and made my tongue to roam in her pussy. Aunty closed her eyes in affection, and I kept licking her cunt.

Aunty held my hairs - gently this time out, and brought me up. Going upwards, I slipped her T-shirt out of her shoulders, and then sided her bra. I put her big boobs in my mouth and kissed on it. Sucking on her big nipples, I slurped in some minute drops of her breast milk. Aunty moaned heavily as I did it. She called me up to her face, and I laid my body on her. We made out for some more minutes. For a moment, we felt like two lifelong lovers, drowned in each other's affection. Aunty widened her legs to fit my waist between her legs. She gripped my penis, and aimed it to her vaginal opening. I helped it's way in, and my dick stretched her entrance, and was lost in her dark hole.

I moved my hips back and forth to feel the depth of her mature hole, and Aunty moaned softly in pleasure. She did like my seven inched thing, and I kept thrusting lovingly in her. She grope my little butt, as I kept fucking in her vagina with my teeny dick.

Aunty rolled onto her stomach, and I laid myself flat on her good muscular back. Aunty had a sloppy and curvy back. I fitted my skinny structure in it. My hips were half the size of her fleshy bottom. I kneeled down and used my lips to kiss on her magnificent butt. As I moved my lips on her divine ass, she started to breathe heavily and with a smile, she whispered slowly,

"Fuck me."

My erection reacted to her sensuous words, and it turned rock hard. I placed myself on her wide back and took my dick close to her lower butt. I entered in her vagina from behind, and started to hit my small waist on her husky butt and fucked her. Aunty liked my length, and she moaned a little. I laid myself fully on her muscular back, and moved myself back and forth to dig in her hole from behind. It all felt like fucking a man twice my size; Aunty was very stout. Fondling my hands on her 34-D cups, I planted my lips on her, and kissed her wetly. Aunty moaned heavily, as we fucked for another minute. I took my dick out at the climax, and dirtied her butt with my young seeds.

I had to take my tongue at Aunty's beautiful butt to lick my goo from it. I licked, kissed and using my freedom, even left a bite on her big butt. We were done in a minute. Aunty used some moments to catch her breathe, and smiled a little. She placed my head on her chest, and trapped me in her arms. I felt very safe in the warm cuddle, and Aunty kissed on my forehead once and looked in my eyes with a loving gaze.

"Let's get this very straight son, I hope you have studied well tomorrow." Aunty reminded me of the reporting day tomorrow

She was caressing my hairs softly, and whispered it slowly. "Mistakes are never accepted, you know that. Fear the red cross for your own safety. Aunty loves you so much. Goodnight." She added.

Her words were harsh and it concerned and feared me a little about my performance tomorrow. At the very next minute, Aunty glued her big body with mine, and crossed her husky leg around my waist. Her breasts were squeezed on my neck, and I was not able to move even a little, getting locked with her. I felt very little under the hold of my strong mistress. Taking my hand around her big butt, and feeling the soothing warmth of her butt flesh under my palm, and the ardor of her majestic body on my skinny structure, I went to sleep in her arms.

The day started off normally, and I had a good time in school. I came back later in the afternoon. Having done my lunch, I went back to studying. Even though it was chemistry, the difficulty of the subject didn't matter as I had studied everything already, most likely to stay away from the severe beatings by Aunty. I feared it more than giving up on my life. A mild revision was needed before reporting to her. I was full with confidence.

The evening was here, and Aunty came back. I served my slave duties to her, and we had dinner together. The clock struck 8, and Aunty called me in the room. I got myself naked before her, and sat on the cold floor. She took out the thick cane, and questioned to me some very hard theories. I had read very well, and mistaken only at few of them. On my mistakes, Aunty introduced the concept of the red cross again, and caned on my hand roughly. My fear for the red cross was raised as Aunty used the cane several times on the same hand, and it was left to burn and pain heavily. I stayed there wiping in pain as Aunty punished me.

After the session ended, Aunty left me on the floor for some minutes. She left her seat and came close to me. Aunty stood tall against my on the knees body, and looked down at me. She grabbed me from the back of my head and locked it at her tummy. I put my untouched hand around her butt, and hugged Aunty from her midsection. I glued my face on her tummy and hugged her with it, and tears flew down my eyes due to the severe pain on my other hand. She constantly tapped on my head, and le. After a moment, Aunty got my face away and wiped the tears away from my face. She used the swathes of Bandage to vaccinate and do on my welts at the palm. Aunty kissed my forehead and held me in her arms again to get in a nice cuddle as we fell asleep together.

The next day was called the correction day. Aunty allowed me to take the day off from school, and I stayed at home. She returned to her duty as the law inforcer. I studied on the chemistry chapters again to stay away from the occurrences of any red crosses. It has been my worst nightmare. The following night, my life was saved as I didn't plunge on any questions. Her cane was left unused, and the red cross didn't even appear once. Adding to the gleeful moments, Aunty offered herself to me again. I got the chance to lay down in the bed with my big and beautiful Aunty. She placed her hand on my waist, and I returned the favor. As we came more close, the night got craved beautifully, and the temperature of the room went higher and higher as the night turned darker.

Saturday - The punishment day. Having done our mainstream works and also the dinner, it was time. Aunty put her 5'9 muscular body in the shiny black latex suit. The power she exhaled by being in the suit, always left me in goosebumps. She looked hot, divine, and viscous at the same time. The authentic mistress box got opened again, as the new python whip was introduced. It was shiny, sharp, and thick, and also shivered me from top to bottom by just the looks of it. With my hands raised diagonally, Aunty restrained me in the chains. She started to circle around me with her small steps. With the whip crawling on the ground, she dictated some of my minute mistakes from the week.

Aunty stepped back, and brought the first smack on my innocent butt. My body acted very sensitively to the blow, and the thick whip shunned me from top to bottom. The latter part didn't go amusing, and I struggled and cried in pain, as the whip's smacks like a thunderbolt reached to a whooping number of fifteen on my little butt. My breathings almost stopped there at times with the high tiered smacks. She put me over her knees several times, and used the evening and night to put the soothing ointment on my butt. I loved her softer side.

Sunday was here, and so do the government award function. In the morning, Aunty rolled me over her thighs again, and rubbed the cooling jelly on my butt. She lovingly did the ointment on my butt skin, and laid there with my eyes closed, feeling her delicate touch on my butt. In some moments, the doorbell rang, and Aunty laid me in the bed again, and gone to do the door. As she opened it, there came in a dozen of men. By the looks, they seemed to be workers or labourers, and had different cutting equipments and hammers in their hands. A man in some neat clothes was also there among them, and Aunty started to talk with him. He seemed to be an architect or engineer with a chart in his hand. Through the chart, he managed to explain something to Aunty. Later on his orders, all the workers started to go down in the underground basement. I didn't know if any renovation was actually needed in this beautiful house.

Aunty started to come to upstairs, and in the room. After I asked to her, she told me about some new room which was going to get renovated in the underground space. We had the breakfast together, and we were about to get dressed to go for the event. Aunty informed me that she had a special tuxedo suit made for me for this day. I went to my room to put it on. The black attire suited well on me, and I did my teeny canvas snickers at the feet. I came out of the room in the suit, and took the entire half an hour to wait for her to come out. The door of the room got opened up. Aunty came out.

Aunty was dressed in a grey Georgette Saree, with a collared round neck grey blouse under it. Her fat arms till the tips of the forearms were covered in the quarter half long sleeves of the blouse. She had her hairs perfectly partitioned from the middle, and flowing over her shoulders. The sindoor (Vermilion) was nicely done on her hairs' partition, giving away her Hindu marital status. The collared blouse was perfectly clothed over her big breasts, showing the wide edges of her big boobs under it. The blouse ended above her navel. The transparent clothe of the georgette saree clearly visibled her navel and the magnificent flat tummy.


The plates of the grey embroidered pallu were beautifully rounded over Aunty's wide hip, and tucked it in the petticoat. It didn't add much volumes to her big butt, and her big bottom looked very bold beneath the plates of the grey saree. Her flat tummy was visible under the plates from the sides. With the shiny pearls' bedded necklace hanging down her neck till her waist over the grey saree, she gave away an elegant fashion statement. She actually looked like a goddess.

A cop? Really? God's methods are pensive at times.

I developed goosebumps after looking at my mistress and the ringing sensation were spread around my entire body. With the three inched stilettos at her feet, she kept tabs with my 6 feet height. The round bindi on her forehead looked magnificent on her pretty face. I didn't know how to react on her majestic appearance, and gone forward to hug her. I didn't feel any lust for sometime, and hugged Aunty lovingly. She smiled a little and put her hands around my waist to hug me back. Without a word, Aunty put her hand on my waist. I smiled back, and returned the favour, and held her from above the butt as we walked together out of the house.

Aunty took the wheels, and drove to the function. As we came out of the car, the media reporters and cameramen surrounded Aunty. Additional policemen had to gather around us to clear the way. The cameras clicked her from every angle, and we entered in. The pupils and civilians were in dismay after looking at their godlike D.I.G. of the state entering in. Mom, Dad, and some other relatives were there as well to watch her getting honoured. I hugged my Mom-Dad as we were meeting after a long time. We took the seats together.

The award function honoured people from every fields of the society. It did take long for Aunty's turn to come, and her name got announced finally. The crowd cheered on her as she took the stage. We connected with Uncle, Ananya who was with our Grandmother through Skype, and they also watched Aunty getting awarded by the Prime Minister himself. Every policemen in the arena was supposed to be saluting her, as she got the national badge placed on her heart. Mom, Dad, and including the very manly me, were all in tears of joy, and gave her a very big ovation. The loud PM also mentioned her name once in his speech at the end of the show. I hugged Mom-Dad to a goodbye, and Aunty touched the feet of her elders to take their blessings on such a special occasion.

Later in the evening, we came back home. Aunty seek my service to get out of the saree. I did it out of her body, and right after it, the first thing she did was to mount on my head with her heavy bottom, and empty her bladder in my mouth. She farted on my face and continued to pee out. The bladder was full since the whole day, and I gulped down the heap of her piss obediently. Aunty kissed on my forehead, and I cleaned my mouth, and changed myself as well.

As we came out of the room, the workers were leaving. Aunty put a formal handshake on the architect's hands and the house was cleared. I didn't do any questions about them.

It was a Sunday evening. Aunty lounged herseld in the couch, and at her command, I took my head at her ass. I held her shorts and slipped it out of her bottom to bare her big butt. I put my face in her thrice bigger butt. With my helpless tongue roaming over her gigantic ass cheeks, I worshipped her divine butt. She used her hands' strength to drown my face completely between her ass cheeks, and I served her without a word. I was a slave, what choice did I have? She kept roaming through news channels which were running stories on her after she got recognised today, and the impacts this would live on the society. Aunty's dream was going to get fulfilled very soon.

Aunty applied pressure on my face, and I was suffocated very well in the coming minutes between her ample butt. My face was sweated, and the tongue was fatigued by now, but I kept on worshipping her. Aunty stopped me in between. I took my head out of her butt, and looked at her with the sweat covered all over my face. She hanged down her feet from the couch, and sat down comfortably. Aunty held my face from the chin and wiped the sweat out of my face. She put my head on her thighs, and started running her fingers in my hairs.

"Son, Did you read what more this recognition is going to reward me with?" Aunty asked me. This was a very unusual question and I answered to her about what I have read back in the day.

"I think the more rewards are in the face of a 10 days off from the duty. Am I right Mistress?" My tone was very low and puppy like.

"That's right son. Care to tell what's there after ten days straight?" Aunty asked me. I didn't had to think about it, and answered quickly.

"I have a reading vacation for 10 days, and by the end of it, It's the start of my first midterm exams Mistress." I said gently.

"Very good son. You know with the exams preparations, I can't trust you wholly. With you living in here with me, your grades are apparently my responsibility. I should have to be your authority, shouldn't I?" Aunty stopped, and kept running her fingers in my hairs.

"You should Mistress."

"Yes son, for that reason, I'm activating this holiday package from tomorrow to take some time off to help you prepare well for the exams, and make you study HARD. HARD, VERY HARD." Aunty raised her blunt pitch, and let me know about it. "How do you feel about it son?" She added.

"I'm not offended by it Mistress. It's very righteous and generous of you. I love you for being my altruistic parent. Thank you so much." With my wise words, I said to her exactly what I felt. I kissed on her knees. Aunty gently rubbed her hands in my hairs.

"Regardless of that son.. I don't like this...this word.. Mistress you know. I hereby ask you to not say this, and try something else, something like... Ma'am? How does that make you feel?" Aunty said that slowly and bluntly. She was smiling down at me.

"I would be pleased to call you that Mistress." I said obediently. Suddenly the expressions over her face changed, and she brought a tight slap on my face.

"I would be pleased to call you that, Ma'am." I corrected myself in the next minute.

"Better." Aunty leaned down to kiss on the cheek where she slapped. It felt nice.

"It's just the sunset son. We still have some hours before the date changes. Let's start. But before that, allow me to show your new chamber son. You would love to be there with your Ma'am in the coming days." Aunty took me up from the ground, and we were going down to the basement where the renovation took place earlier. I feared what I might get encountered with, and Aunty walked holding my waist.

We stopped at the door of the basement. Aunty opened the door, nothing was visible, as the room was dark black with no light. Aunty went to the side wall, and pushed a switch down to turn on. A small cabin with wooden walls situated at the end of the room was lightened up by the switch. As it looked from the distance, the cabin had some shiny metals hanging down from the ceilings.

Aunty held my hairs from behind, and pulled on them mercilessly, "You are gonna love these few days with you ma'am. Thank me later, son." Aunty grind between her teeth, as she said it. I didn't find her pitch amusing, and feared for the more hardships my life was about to face. Aunty forcibly pushed me forward.

*****

(Next part: The next part would mark the end of this series. See how, Aunty uses her little vacation to study Sushant for his exams. Uncle comes back, and for how long Aunty decides to enslave him.)



Incomplete
