College Days – Domination 101 Ch. 01
byoneguy4fun©

Joe couldn't help but stare at Lori. She was a beautiful brunette in his computer science class at college. Her outgoing personality and strong confidence put her in a class of her own. There was something mysterious that attracted Joe to her, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it.

Joe considered himself a decent looking guy. He played sports and kept in shape. He was well liked by his friends and had a laid back personality. He loved to socialize and flirt with women. His weak spot was taking the next step with women. He was shy when it came to asking girls out on a date or even making the first kiss on a date. He often wished a girl would just make the first move with him so he didn't have to worry about the pressure. At this moment he was wishing Lori would do the same with him.

Lori and him had chatted and flirted a few times in the past. She was very approachable and Joe even thought there was interest in him from her. After knowing her for several weeks, he decided to ask her out after class one day. When the teacher dismissed class he caught up with Lori in the hallway.

"Hi Lori. How are you?"

Lori flashed her deep blue eyes, melting Joe's heart. "Great. How about you?"

"O.k. I guess. Listen, I...uh...wanted to ask you something. I was wondering if you'd like to go see a movie with me tonight?"

"A movie. How sweet Joe. That's sounds nice. Don't take this the wrong way, but I just don't know if you and I would work out. I expect a lot from the guys I date. I don't know if you could handle it."

The words seemed harsh from a girl that he adored. For a moment Joe was speechless. Normally he would accept the rejection and walk away but something made him want to stay. Something in the tone of her voice led him to believe that she was questioning him, or even challenging him to meet her expectations. She did not brush him off and walk away. Instead she stood with him, giving him her attention.

"Well, uh, Lori. I think I can handle it. Why don't you let me try?"

"Hmm. I don't Joe. It's nothing against you, but I seriously am demanding of the guys I date. I like to be in control. Most guys can't handle that."

Joe's confidence increased when he heard Lori's demands. He was glad to hear that she liked to be in control. He figured this would take the pressure off of him. "I don't have a problem with that Lori. I think you're a great person and I don't mind if you're demanding. Why don't we give it a try?"

Lori thought for a moment. She glanced Joe up and down and then said, "Well Joe...maybe it could work. Most guys will say anything to get into my pants, but I think you might be serious. I love a guy that can cook. Why don't we do a little test? Tomorrow night, I want you to come to my apartment and cook for my roommates and me. If you do a great job we'll talk about a date. Deal?"

Joe was not the best cook, but he didn't care. He was thrilled that Lori was not rejecting him. Happily he replied, "Yes. Not a problem. I can't wait to cook for you and your roommates. What should I make?"

Lori giggled. "That's one of the few decision I'll leave up to you. Surprise me." Lori wrote her number and address on a paper and handed it to Joe. "Here's my apartment. Bring all your food supplies with you. Be there at 4:00 so you have plenty of time to prepare and cook."

Joe took the paper and floated back to his dorm room. He was extremely excited about his date. He spent the rest of the evening looking through recipes on the internet. When he came across pasta recipes a brilliant idea popped into his head. There was a small Italian shop that made fresh pasta. He decided to buy their stuffed shells and sauce. It would be easy to prepare and taste delicious.

The next evening Joe showed up at Lori's apartment with all his food items. He was excited for the evening and when Lori opened the door his heart stopped at the stunning site before him. He couldn't believe that such a beautiful goddess had shown an interest in him. Lori had dressed to kill. She had done her hair and makeup as if she was going out on the town. She wore a crisp white blouse and a black leather skirt. Expensive stockings and a pair of heels showed off her slender legs. All Joe could say was, "Wow, Lori! You look fantastic!"

Lori flashed her pretty smile and gestured for Joe to come in. Lori's two roommates were dressed equally impressive. Lori introduced Joe to her roommates Pam and Linda. Although Joe's interest was in Lori, he was delighted to be in the company of her roommates. He figured it was going to be a fantastic night. His cock seemed to stir at the thought.

Joe felt under dressed in the presence of the three well-dressed girls. He was wearing a collar shirt and a nice pair of jeans, which he thought would be appropriate for a night at home. He began to worry that Lori would be offended that he didn't dress up more. He commented, "Wow everybody looks fantastic. I guess I should have dressed up more. I'm sorry about that."

Lori giggled. "Oh don't worry about that, Joe. I actually have some clothes for you."

Joe was confused, "You do?"

Lori explained, "Yes. Well, it's more like a uniform..." Lori's hands grasped Joe's shoulders, focusing his attention on her. The mere touch of her hands excited Joe. It was silly, but he was aroused at being in the presence of the girl he admired and fantasized about so much. "....I thought it would be fun to dress you up like a butler since you will be serving us tonight."

Joe laughed nervously. "Oh. O.k." The notion of serving them actually excited him. In his mind he joked that she was so hot he would do whatever she wanted. Little did he know his thoughts were not far from the truth.

Lori led him down the hallway to her bedroom. She closed the door and held up a pair of silky boxer briefs. They were shiny and black and very formal looking. "Of course if you're going to be my butler you've got to be a sexy one."

Joe took the underwear. He had never worn silk underwear before. The fabric was extremely smooth and silky. His cock stirred just from his fingers touching the fabric. He could only imagine what it would feel like when he slid the silk over his cock. It was clear to him that an erection would be immediate. He began to worry about being aroused in front of Lori. He wondered if she would laugh at him for being aroused so easily. "You want me to wear these," he asked surprised.

"Yep. I've even got a few accessories to go with them. You'll look super sexy all dressed up in these." Lori held up a black bow tie and white shirt cuffs to go around his wrists. He would basically look like a Chippendale in silk boxers. Joe was silent, wondering what he was getting himself into. He was excited about the possibilities the night offered, but nervous about how embarrassing it could end up.

Lori could see him pondering. She did not want him to think about it too much. "Remember what I said before Joe. I like things done my way. If you want to be with me, you've got to do this. Trust me, it's going to be a lot of fun. Now strip those clothes off."

It was almost funny how immediate Joe responded to Lori. "Ah, no problem Lori. Yeah...it will be my pleasure." Joe pulled his shoes and shirt off as Lori stood and watched. He unzipped his jeans, hoping he could control his arousal. He could not believe he was about to strip naked in front of Lori after only being in her apartment for a few minutes. This was definitely a record for him for first dates. Through focused concentration he was able to prevent an erection as he slid his pants and underwear off.

Lori commented, "oohhh. Very nice Joe. I just love having a naked man in my bedroom."

Lori's words broke his concentration and his control. His cock began to grow. Joe quickly pulled up the silk underwear, which only tormented him more. The soft fabric caressed his growing cock and made it even larger. Lori was delighted with the result. She rubbed her hand over the silk, along the length of his cock. She was in control now.

Her tongue parted his lips and pushed slowly and deeply into Joe's mouth. She teased his tongue and squeezed his cock. Through sensual kissing and soft strokes of his cock, Lori brought Joe into an erotic paradise. When his breathing was heavy and his kisses erratic, she knew she he was ready to burst. Lori pulled away. "Very nice Joe. Let's not get too excited. You still have a job to do."

Lori helped Joe put on the bow tie and cuffs and then stood back and admired his outfit. He looked incredibly sexy. She loved the way his hard-on strained against the boxer briefs. "Very sexy," she commented. Lori took his hand and pulled him toward the door, "Pam and Linda are going to love it!"

Joe hesitated. "Wait...uh...don't you think I should wait a few minutes?"

"Why?"

Joe looked down at his cock. "You...know..uh....for me to calm down a bit."

The shy, innocent look on Joe's face excited Lori. Many guys would show no shame in walking around with their hard cocks. These were not the guys Lori was interested in. For her, it was always a thrill to see the fear in a boy's eyes. Not a frightening fear, but a fear of being exposed and humiliated. As planned, she had created that fear in Joe and her pussy responded delightfully to his reaction. Her panties grew damp and hot. She smiled and grabbed his cock. Lori pulled him toward the door, using his cock like a leash. "Oh don't be shy Joe. My roommates are going to love it. It's the best part of your uniform."

Lori firmly pulled Joe down the hallway by his cock. He had no choice but to follow. Once in the living room, Lori released his cock and announced, "Look at our butler. He's so sexy isn't he?"

Joe stood in the middle of the room blushing and feeling a bit awkward. Linda commented, "Sexy, and quite horny I might say."

Joe was surprised to see Pam reach for his cock and even more surprised that Lori smiled seductively when she squeezed it. Pam added, "yes, this is nice. I think he should keep it this way all night."

The girls all laughed and Joe blushed even more. He was beginning to realize what the night was going to be like. He was blushing on the outside, but on the inside he was excited, knowing that he would be the attention of all three girls.

Lori agreed with Pam. "Great idea Pam. Keep this cock hard all night Joe or there will be consequences."

Joe was not even worried about the consequences. He replied "I don't think that's going to be a problem."

Lori said, "Good and I have a few more rules. Since you are a butler tonight, you will address us a ma'am or miss, is that understood?"

Joe smiled. He was beginning to like this game. "Yes ma'am."

Lori continued, "And butlers don't talk so no talking unless you have a question or are asked a question. If you hear this bell," Lori rang a small glass bell, "it means we need something and you must come to us immediately."

Joe's arousal was suddenly growing from his circumstances. He had three girls staring at him while he was hard and half naked. He was being instructed to serve and obey them. This was a new experience for him and he never anticipated how exciting it would be.

Lori finally dismissed him, "Time for you to get to work. Set the table, and get started on the cooking."

"Yes ma'am." Replied Joe. He headed off to the kitchen and the girls sat down in the living to chat and watch TV.

Luckily Joe picked an easy meal to cook. All he had to do was bake the pre-made shells and warm the sauce and garlic bread. He even brought pre-made salad. Joe had just finished putting the shells into the oven when he heard the bell ring. He looked over to see Lori smiling at him. Joe thought it was humorous to be paged by a bell, given the small size of the apartment. The kitchen, dining room, and living were almost one big room. A bar counter separated the kitchen from the dining room. The dining room was not much of a room at all. It was actually the back of the living room. A small oval table and chairs were the only hint of a real dining room.

Joe hurried over to the couch where Lori sat and played his part well, "Yes ma'am," he asked.

His cock was in a semi-hard state, which did not go unnoticed by Pam. Pam quickly corrected the situation. She squeezed his cock a few times and felt it grow hard in his hands. She scolded him in a sweet way, "Now, now Joey. Remember to keep this thing hard at all times."

Next Lori instructed him to bring them wine. Joe happily poured each of them a glass of wine. Each girl rewarded him with a peck on his check and few seconds of rubbing his cock. By the time he returned to the kitchen he was in an erotic high. Precum was oozing out of his cock and coating the insides of underwear.

Throughout dinner, the teasing continued. Joe served them salads and stuffed shells. Each time he arrived at the table, somebody was groping his cock, squeezing his ass, or even tweaking his nipples. A few times, Lori made him stand still while all three girls fondled and played with him. He was not allowed to move or speak while hands slid under his boxers and cupped his balls and stroked his cock. Small amounts of cum were milked out of him and massaged all over his cock. He even felt a finger glide down his ass and teasingly poke at his hole. This made him jump slightly and caused his insides to heat up with arousal. The girls brought him to the edge of cumming and then their hands retreated, leaving him breathless and wanting more.

Joe had never felt so aroused and horny before. He was ecstatic and in heaven. His mind was in a subspace and he became excited at serving the girls. Joe could not believe that Lori and her roommates were still fully dressed, and yet he was having the most erotic time of his life. When Joe was clearing the plates, Linda commented, "Lori, our butler must be enjoying serving us. His underwear is soaked in cum."

Joe blushed at the comment. Lori added to his embarrassment. She rubbed her hand over his wet boxers. "Aww.. did poor baby wet his underwear? Is that little cockypoo leaking all over the place?"

"Uhh...sorry..you girls are driving me crazy," mumbled Joe.

"Let's get these wet things off," said Lori and she slid the boxer briefs off Joe. Then she dramatically said, "Poor baby! I don't have another pair what should we do?"

Linda offered a solution. "I think I can help" She reached under her skirt and slid off her panties. "I was feeling a little over dressed anyway." Linda spread the panties in her hand and moved them down to Joe's feet. "Here, step into these Joey."

Under normal circumstances, Joe would have laughed and protested about putting panties on. But these were not normal circumstances. Joe was in state of arousal like never before. He was under the spell of three seductive and manipulative women. He was caught up in the moment and not thinking clearly. Joe forgot about his manliness and stepped into the black satin panties. Linda pulled them up and over his cock. The panties were tiny and his hard cock stuck out the top and his balls spilled over the sides of the crotch. Linda pulled the panties up tight and Joe was immediately aware that he was wearing thong panties.

The tightness of the panties felt good. The thong pressing into his ass caused a strange naughty sensation. Joe could even feel dampness in the crotch leftover from Linda's arousal. Knowing that he was feeling her pussy juices pressed against his cock excited him. The idea of wearing something so private and intimate thrilled him. A shiver ran through his body. His male ego wanted to protest and take the panties off but his body and emotions fought back his ego. As a boy, the mere sight of panties stirred Joe's wild emotions and fantasies. Now he was wearing them. It was taboo and that caused his cock to throb and twitch with excitement.

Joe did not know what to say. All he could do was moan in pleasure when Pam, Linda, and Lori all caressed his body at the same time. They formed a tight circle around him and their hands slid over his ass and cock. Hands caressed his chest and pinched his nipples. They all had pleasant comments for Joe while they sexually tortured him. Lori started with, "oohhh. Very sexy Joe. Seeing your cock all snug in those pretty girl panties makes my pussy hot."

Pam followed with, "yes....you look so cute in panties."

Linda added, "Mmmm. Very hot Joe. I love to see a boy in panties." Her tone lowered to a seductive whisper. "Can you feel the dampness Joe? Feel how hot you made me?"

Joe was so lost in pleasure that he couldn't answer. All the fondling and dirty talk was sending him over the edge. Hearing the girls arousal excited him. He felt an orgasm rising. He figured he better warn the girls. "Ohhh. You better stop or I might make a mess."

Lori squeezed his balls gently and whispered, "Mmmm. wearing panties is so exciting isn't it? Do you want to cum in your panties little Joey?"

"Yes," moaned Joe.

Lori released his cock and the other girls backed away. Lori whispered into his ear, "Not yet, sweetie. I'm not done with you yet."

Joe was frustrated, desperate, and breathless. The girls could easily see these emotions in his body language. All three girls stared at Joe enjoying his erotically crazed state of mind. Each of their pussies throbbed and heated up from their control over Joe. They enjoyed the thrill of teasing him and seeing him fight back his orgasm. They enjoyed putting panties on him, knowing that he would not normally do such a thing. It was their seductive control and feminine power that caused him to bend the rules of manhood. The evening was well orchestrated to arrive at this very moment.

Lori turned to her roommates and said, "Well girls, Joey seems like he has potential. What do you think?"

Joe wasn't exactly sure what Lori meant but Linda and Pam agreed with her. They also complimented Joe on the dinner. Joe was enjoying the good news. He was certain that Lori was impressed with him. Lori thanked her roommates for their help, and then her roommates gave Joe a kiss goodbye and headed into the night to carry on with their own plans.

After Linda and Pam left Lori turned to Joe and started caressing his already hard cock through the silk boxers. She whispered, "If you loved these Joey, you really love my silk night gown. Don't go away sweetie. I'll be right back."

Joe waited in anticipation for Lori to return wearing the night gown. She came back with the night gown but she was not wearing it, she was carrying it. She ordered Joe onto the couch. Next she held the night gown up for Joe to see. It was long and milky white with spaghetti shoulder straps. White lace decorated the top. The night gown was so silky and shiny that it almost glowed. Lori asked, "Very pretty isn't it?"

Joe replied, "Yes. I can't wait to see you in it."

Lori laughed. "You might have to wait for awhile for that. Lay down over here. You are going to love this even better."

Joe was confused but he did as instructed. Lori kneeled next to the couch and started to undo his wrist cuffs. "First let's get all this off." She removed his cuffs, bow tie, and panties, leaving him completely naked. Next Lori told Joe to close his eyes. Then, starting at his feet, she slowly dragged the silk night gown up his legs, over his cock, and over his nipples.

The soft silk rubbing over Joe's body was unlike anything he ever experienced before. An erotic shiver ran through him and a moan escaped his lips. His body came alive at the sensual feeling of the silk.

Once Lori reached his nipples, she lifted the silk off Joe and purposely paused for a moment. Joe's eyes slowly opened. Lori could tell from his gaze that he was slipping into a dreamy erotic state. His eyes silently pleaded for another touch of the silk. Lori's smile was knowing. "Close your eyes sweetie. Enjoy the feeling."

Joe closed his eyes and Lori repeated her slow stroke all the way up his body. She could almost see Joe's body shuddering in delight. Next she focused on his cock. Slowly she dragged the silk night gown up and down the length of his cock. The silk was smooth and electrifying as it glided over his already sensitive cock. The soft fabric created enough friction to get the full attention of Joe's cock and bring him to the edge, but it was not enough pressure to take him over the edge.

Lori whispered, "The night gown feels incredible on your cock doesn't it?"

Joe moaned, "Yes, you are driving me insane."

"Good. That's my plan darling." Lori held the night gown up and let a small amount slide over his balls. Joe spread his legs slightly, allowing the silk to slide around his balls. Lori lowered the night gown slowly, causing the silk to continually drop down over his balls. Then she slowly raised it up again so that the silk slowly rubbed up and over his balls. The continued rubbing against his balls left Joe in a state of erotic bliss. He could even feel the silk sliding down his ass and tickling his hole. It created sensations in him that were too good to imagine. Joe began to thrust forward, trying to create more friction, but it only added to his torture.

Lori continued to tease his cock, ass, and balls with the soft silk. After a few minutes, his cock began to twitch uncontrollably. Cum was even dripping out and covering the tip of his cock. Lori's pussy was also dripping in pleasure. Her panties were drenched and she was fully aroused. Seeing Joe so close to the edge was a thrill to her. She brought him to the point that his cock was twitching and she knew that he had no control over it. It was her expert teasing that did this to him and that excited her. Joe's cock was hers now.

Lori was a pro when it came to teasing and manipulating boys and so she was very aware of Joe's current state of mind. She knew that the prolonged teasing put him in a subspace that blurred his thoughts and sense of normalcy. This was the place where she liked to take her boys. This was where her real playtime started.

She slid the night gown up over his nipples and whispered, "Mmmm. This is fun isn't it? You like having my night gown all over you don't you."

Joe could not argue that. He did not want it to stop, "Oh yes. Lori. This is incredible!"

Lori squeezed his balls firmly and held them tight. Her voice shifted to an authoritive tone "You will continue to refer to me as Ma'am or Miss Lori, understood?"

"Yes, ma'am," replied Joe obediently."

Lori released his balls and gently rubbed them with the silk. With her other hand she pinched his nipples sending a burst of pleasure through Joe. Lori's voice switched back to sweet and seductive, "Very good darling. This silky night gown is nice isn't it? Imagine having your whole body wrapped in silk."

Joe was so immersed in pleasure that he could barely think. The thought of being wrapped in the silk that was causing him great pleasure was mind blowing. Joe managed to reply, "Yes Miss Lori. That would be awesome."

She led him on, "Mmmm...yes. Joe..see what you boys are missing. Imagine how a girl feels when the silk rubs over her nipples...." Lori, gently rubbed the silk over Joe's nipples. "....imagine how she feels when it rubs against her pussy." Lori gently rubbed his cock with the silk.

Joe tried to imagine what it would be like. He was on the verge of orgasm from the prolonged rubbing of the silk and so he did not know how women could wear such silky things without being horny all day. He joked, "I don't know how women can handle it. I don't think I could."

Lori playfully laughed at his comment. "Mmmm. It is quite torturous isn't it darling? Why don't we see how you can handle it? Sit up."

Joe sat-up not quite sure what Lori was talking about. She quickly lifted the night gown up and slid it over his head. She ordered him to put his hands through the straps. The macho side of him wanted to protest, but he was under Lori's spell. Her charm and sex appeal had put him into a submissive state of mind. He did not want to upset her and he knew that she liked to be in control. Joe did as he was told. The long white gown dropped down around his waist and shivers ran up his spine.

Lori did not waste a minute with her precious slave. Once the night gown was on him, she rubbed her hands over his hard cock, pressing the soft silk around it. She tweaked his nipples and leaned in for a deep passionate kiss. She knew the silkiness against his cock and nipples would take his mind hostage and put him in an erotic arrest. She could tell by his response that he was lost in arousal. His tongue was full of passion and lust. His lips pressed hard against hers and his breathing became heavy.

"Oh precious, doesn't it feel heavenly? Don't you want to cum in your pretty nightgown?"

Lori's words were a blur to Joe. The minute she started caressing him through the silk, his mind overloaded with pleasure. He heard the word cum and became excited. "yes..it feels awesome. You better stop or I'm going to cum! Can I cum now?"

Lori pulled away from Joe and cupped his chin with her hands. She looked into his desperate eyes and with a devilish tone said, "Relax Joe. I'm not done with you yet. We all know that once you cum, you will be done, now don't we?"

Joe's cock was ready to explode. He could feel cum leaking out. He concentrated and took a few deep breaths. Slowly his need to orgasm retreated. He replied, "yes ma'am you are right."

Lori complimented him, "Good Joe. You are doing great. There is one rule that you must not forget when you are with me. You must learn that my pleasure comes before yours. You must never cum before me do you understand?"

In his current state of mind Joe would have agreed to anything and so he obediently replied, "Yes ma'am."

"Good. Let's go back to my room."

Lori took his hand and led him back to her room. Joe felt silly walking through the apartment in a night gown, especially with a hard cock. The gown was long and flowing, reaching down to his ankles. Joe was aware of the silk rubbing over his legs and ass with each step that he took. The sensation was incredible. Lori had him sit on the bed. Standing between his legs she opened a shimmering red lipstick and applied it to her lips. She was deliberately slow in applying the lipstick. Joe watched, admiring her sexy lips and thinking that she was putting on an excessive amount. Lori leaned forward and gave Joe a deep kiss. He could feel the fresh lipstick rubbing over his lips. Lori stood straight again and then reapplied the lipstick. She leaned back down and gave Joe another deep kiss, causing more lipstick to rub onto his lips. Then she stood up again, stared at his lips, and then reapplied more lipstick to her lips. Each time she kissed Joe, he could feel the lipstick rubbing onto his. Their lips seemed to glide smoothly together as the kissing continued.

Joe finally asked, "what are you doing?"

Lori stared at his lips, "You look so sexy with lipstick on. You know when I was younger, I used to dress my little brother up as a girl and make him do whatever I wanted."

Joe joked, "Please don't tell me I remind you of your little brother."

Lori giggled, "No silly, but I still like dressing you boys up as little girls. Here let me fix your lipstick." Lori slowly applied her lipstick onto Joe's lips. Her pussy gushed with excitement as she colored his boy lips into pretty girls lips. Her arousal was peaking knowing that Joe was struggling on the inside with what was happening. Everything he learned growing up as a man should have told him to leave. Men were supposed to be macho and strong, yet he was sitting here in a night gown, having lipstick applied to his lips. He should be feeling embarrassed, but instead he was aroused beyond his imagination and ready to explode with an orgasm. Lori knew that it was her sexual manipulation and feminine power that broke down his male pride. She took great pleasure in crafting this very moment where a man's sexual arousal blends with the feminine world, confusing him and making him vulnerable.

Lori could barely contain her excitement. Her pussy was hot and she needed an orgasm. Before Joe could react to the moment, Lori took his hand and moved it under her leather skirt and pressed it against her bare pussy. She whispered to Joe, "You look so hot and sexy with your pretty girl lips and sexy night gown. Feel how hot you make me."

Lori's pussy was hot and drenched in pussy juice. Joe could feel the lust and excitement in Lori's voice when she whispered in his ear. Her excitement fueled his and all he cared about was pleasing her. He wanted to make her hot. He wanted to make her cum.

Lori pressed his hand hard against her pussy and moaned, "Oh...yes....your so hot Joey....you're my little princess aren't you? mmmmm..."

Joe was caught up in the moment and played into Lori's fantasy. He whispered back, "yes...I'm your little princess."

Lori reacted with a deep moan. Joe pushed his fingers into her pussy and began to finger fuck her. Lori moaned, "Oh yes...precious....that's good my little angel...mmm fuck me sweetie...."

Joe sensed that Lori's excitement was growing the more she referred to him as a little girl. Although it seemed strange to Joe at first, he was suddenly swept up into the emotion. He wanted Lori to orgasm and so he became her little girl. He pushed his fingers into her pulsing pussy. Lori's pussy squeezed tight around his fingers and she clutched his shoulders and screamed in orgasmic delight.

Lori's orgasm boosted Joe's arousal. He desperately needed to cum. He pleaded to Lori, "Miss Lori, please may I cum. I'm so ready to explode."

Lori had not planned on letting him cum just yet, but even she knew that he could not take it anymore. She cupped her hands around his silk covered cock and softly whispered, "cum for me precious."

That was all Joe needed to hear. He thrust his cock into Lori's hand. Every inch of his cock rubbed over the smooth silk and the feeling was exquisite. He instantly exploded into a long orgasm. Hot cum spurted into his silk night gown. Lori's hand expertly caressed his thrusting cock, milking out every last ounce of cum.

When Joe was finished, he complimented Lori, "That was awesome!"

"One of the best orgasms you ever had wasn't it," asked Lori.

"Yes. It was incredible."

"And I didn't even have to take my clothes off. You're so easy Joe," joked Lori.

"I don't know about easy.....you just know how to drive a man crazy."

Lori leaned in a kissed Joe with her tongue. Her hands rubbed his nipples and cock through the silk night gown. "So you like being my little girl, don't you," asked Lori in a seductive tone.

Joe had forgotten that he was wearing lipstick and a night gown. He wasn't sure what he liked about the night, but he was not about to abandon his male ego. He stammered with his response while Lori continued to fondle him. "Well. I...uhh...I..I'm not sure about dressing like a girl....but..uh...you made me feel incredible. I mean, you know, the silk was driving me wild...and..uh...just how excited you got...I mean I loved it."

Lori giggled coyly. Joe's cock was hard again. "Mmm. Silk is nice isn't it? It's very soft and sensual. I have lots of silk things that you will love." Lori continued to massage his cock with the silk and Joe was soon back to a fully aroused state of mind. Lori continued, "Now you've had a little taste of what I like. Do you think you can handle it?"

"Oh yes! Definitely. This was soo much fun."

"Tonight was just the beginning Joe. As I said when you first asked me out, I am very demanding and I will expect a lot of you. You must understand that when you are with me I am in control and you must do as I say. You have done well tonight I would love this to continue, but it must be under my terms. Obey me and you will experience pleasure beyond your wildest imagination. As I said, tonight was just the beginning...a small taste of the pleasures that await you."

Joe's head was nodding 'yes' during Lori's 'control' speech. The more she talked, the more he imagined being with her and experiencing wild and kinky fun. It was an opportunity he did not want to miss. He figured he'd go along for the ride and if things got too weird he could just end the relationship. He replied, "I have no problems with that Lori. Tonight was a lot of fun and incredibly wild. I have to admit it was very exciting being your slave."

Lori squeezed his balls in her hand and firmly said, "That's Miss Lori to you. From now on you will always refer to miss as Ma'am or Miss Lori, got it!"

"Yes, ma'am!"

Lori released her grip. "Good boy. It's good that you enjoyed being my slave, because that's what you will continue to be if you choose to see me again. Now, Joe I want you to think about this decision carefully. Go home and think about it. If you are serious about being my slave, find me in the cafeteria, tomorrow at dinnertime. Will you do that for me?"

"Sure."

"Good. As a little practice for what's to come I want you to promise that you won't cum between now and dinner tomorrow. That includes masturbation, got it?"

"Yes Miss Lori."

"Fantastic. Now go home and get some rest."

TO BE CONTINUED...

*

Feedback, questions, or opinions welcome.


College Days – Domination 101 Ch. 02
byoneguy4fun©

Joe had a tough time sleeping that night. Despite the fact the he already had an orgasm, hey lay in his bed with an erection. As he recounted the erotic evening in his mind, he couldn't help but stroke his cock. He knew that he was not allowed to orgasm, but he was so aroused at what happened, he could not restrain from touching himself. He did however, have enough self-control to hold back his orgasm. Eventually exhaustion set in and he fell asleep.

He woke up the next morning with a hard-on. He felt ashamed about what he let Lori do to him but he had to admit that it was one hell of a night. His cell phone rang, interrupting his daydreaming. He answered it and heard Lori's voice, "Good morning my sexy slut. Sleep well last night?"

Joe cock grew stiffer at the sound of her voice. "Hi Lori...."

Lori corrected him immediately, "That's Miss Lori to you."

"Oh..ah..yeah... Miss Lori, I was a bit horny, but I did manage to fall asleep. You wore me out."

"Poor little boy. You didn't play with my little cocky poo and make nasty cummies did you?"

Joe found it strangely arousing that way Miss Lori was talking to him. He had been on the phone less than thirty seconds and he was already fully aroused. "No ma'am. I wanted to but I did as you instructed. "

"Mmmm. Good boy. I like to hear that. Makes me so hot and wet when you're a good boy and obey me. You are a horny slut aren't you? I bet you're hard right now, aren't you?"

Joe laughed, "well, actually yes I am. I woke up that way."

"Ooohh that's nice Joey. It's so flattering knowing that you are all horned up from me. Tell me precious, are you still in bed?

"Yes Miss Lori."

"Good, so am I. I'm laying here thinking about how sexy and pretty you were last night. MMMmmm I'm fingering my pussy and it's sooo wet!. Why don't you stroke my little cocky-poo for me darling. Imagine that my cocky-poo is my finger going in and out of my big girl pussy. Mmmm can you make it nice a big for me Joey?"

"Yes, Miss Lori. It's nice and big for you." Lori's heavy breathing and naughty words were making Joe hot. He's also found it arousing how Lori was taking ownership of his cock by referring to it as 'My cock.' He stroked his cock excited that Lori was fingering herself at the same time.

Lori continued her teasing and heavy breathing, "Oh Joey...do you want to put my cocky poo in my big girl pussy?"

"Yes!"

"Yes, what? Let me hear you say it sweetie. Beg for it."

Joe found himself begging like a little boy, "Please let me put your cocky-poo into your big girl pussy. Please!"

"Mmm. Very nice Joey. Do you want to make cummies?"

"Yes, please let me make cummies?"

"Oh Joey... I'm close to cumming. Tell me when you are close precious."

Joe's response was immediate and filled with need, "I'm ready to cum. Can I cum Miss Lori?"

Lori's voice was soft and breathless, "Not yet Remember my golden rule?"

Joe's mind flashed back to the night before and he remembered. "You must always have an orgasm first."

"That's right dear....oohhh...I'm so close...tell me what a slut you are. Tell me that you're my pretty slut."

Joe did as he was told. He heard deep moans echo through the phone as Lori became lost in her orgasm. Her pleasure excited him more. He was so close to the edge. He was excited about having another orgasm. When her moans faded Joe asked, "May I cum now?"

The response surprised him, "No you may not. No cummies for you. Hands off that little cocky-poo."

Joe's tone was full of frustration, "Please Miss Lori! Why can't I? Please let me cum?"

Lori was thrilled with his frustration. "Listen to you, begging like a little baby girl. You can keep begging, but.no cum-cum's for you dear. I like to keep my babies horny and on edge. I like to keep MY cocks nice and hard. You do know that after tonight your cock belongs to me don't you? I will decide when it is hard or soft. I will decide when it can do cummies. Are you prepared for that?"

Joe had never heard anyone talk about his cock that way. It seemed strange and kinky. The idea of his cock belonging to a gorgeous girl was an arousing thought. He immediately replied, "Yes ma'am. I would like that."

"Good. Tell me Joey, do you have a permanent marker in your room?"

"yes," replied Joe, not sure where this was leading.

"Good. Go get it."

Joe grabbed a black 'Sharpy' from his desk. "O.k. got it."

"Is your cocky-poo still hard?"

"Yes. I think it's going to be that way for awhile now."

"Good. Write 'Miss Lori's cock' across your cock."

Joe couldn't believe what he was about to do. He joked, "I hope I can fit it all on here."

"Oh I forgot about your little boy cock. Just write 'Miss Lori' on the top and 'cock' on the underside."

Joe blushed at her comment. He tried to brush it off, "Oh..uhh...I was just kidding. I think I can fit it all on top."

"No..no...Joey. I want my name nice and big. Do as you're told."

"Yes Ma'am." It was awkward, but Joe managed to write the words on his cock as instructed. Seeing her name on his cock evoked submissive and erotic emotions within Joe. It was the first tangible evidence of his submission to Lori. It was the first sign that this might be more than just erotic fun and games. Joe felt incredibly aroused at the thought. He let Lori know when he was done.

"Good boy. Take a picture with your phone. I want to see it now!"

It took Joe several tries to get a good picture of his cock. When he finally got a good one he sent it over to Lori. Lori was thrilled at the site of her name on his cock. She let Joe know it, "Good boy Joe. My pussy is so hot from seeing my name on your cock. It looks so natural there, like it was meant to be. Keep it there all day Joey, got it?"

"Yes Miss Lori."

"...and no cummies for you. Enjoy the rest of your day precious and look for me at dinner."

"Yes. Ma'am," replied Joe, then they both hung up

Joe remained horny throughout the day. It was a challenge for him to get his mind off of Lori and her roommates. His cock constantly swelled at the thought of them. One time during the day he had managed to get his mind out of the gutter, but when he went to go to the bathroom he pulled out his cock and found himself staring at Lori's name. His cock was not hard but, her name could still be read clearly through the fold of his penis. This reminder of her control excited Joe. While he peed, his cock started to swell and he watched Lori's name grow along with his cock.

A few times he wondered what he was getting into and he wondered whether or not he should show up for dinner. Lori's fascination with him being her baby girl was strange and a bit hard for his male ego to accept. As he pondered this thought he recalled how soft and smooth the silk nightgown felt against his cock. He remembered how intimate it felt being so close to Lori while she brushed lipstick on his lips. He could not explain it or maybe he just wasn't ready to accept it, but somehow Lori's actions hit an erotic nerve within Joe. The way she controlled him or the way she talked to him in a mother like nurturing way had a strange effect on him. The more he thought about it the more his cock swelled. It was all Joe needed to convince himself to show up for dinner.

In the cafeteria Joe grabbed his dinner and scanned the room for Lori. He found her sitting at a table with Pam, and Linda. He tried to remain calm and cool but as he approached the three goddesses, his cock took on a life of its own. They must have had magic power because their mere presence put Joe in an aroused state. He sat down quickly so that no one would notice his bulge.

"Hello," he said pleasantly.

Lori smiled. "I'm so glad you came Joe. You made the right decision."

Pam and Lisa nodded their heads in agreement. Joe replied, "Thanks. It was an easy choice. I had soo much fun last night."

Linda said, "Joe we had a lot of fun with you also. In fact, Pam and I bought you a little present."

Joe was flattered and worried that he did not buy them anything. Linda handed Joe a small box wrapped in pink paper with a pink and white ribbon. He blushed slightly at receiving a feminine looking gift in a public place. It was even scented with a pretty floral aroma. He opened the present and pulled back the tissue paper. His face blushed a deeper red when he saw the contents. It was a pair of shiny pink thong panties, decorated with silver sparkles. Joe stared at the panties wondering if it was a Joke.

Pam told him to hold up the panties so they could all see them. Joe hesitated, embarrassed to hold them up in a public place. Lori squeezed his thigh firmly and said, "Don't be shy slave. Listen to Miss Pam."

Joe got the hint. Against his will he held up the panties for the girls to see. He knew that the display also caught the attention of a few other people in the cafeteria. Joe felt embarrassed and he could feel sweat forming on his forehead. He prayed that none of his buddies were in the cafeteria at the moment. At the same moment, Lori's hand secretly stroked his cock and cupped his balls. Embarrassment flushed through his body and was mixed with pure arousal. Lori leaned over to his ear and whispered, "Good boy Joey. I know it's hard for you to do this but it excites me such much."

Joe shifted in is seat. He felt an orgasm rising. He was overwhelmed with all the emotions running through his body. Lori removed her hand allowing Joe to calm down a bit. Pam had a devilish smile on her face. "I think he should put them on now."

Linda added, "Great idea Pam."

Joe looked fearful. "You want me to put these on now," he asked.

Lori squeezed his thigh again, a little harder than the last time. "You heard them Joe. Go find a bathroom and put them on." Lori fished through her purse and pulled out a small velvet bag. "While you're at it, there's something special in here for you to wear also. Hurry now."

Joe took the bag and hurried off to the bathroom. He was glad the bathroom was empty. Joe went into a stall, closed the door and then opened the bag from Lori. Inside was a leather harness. Joe was not sure what it was until he found a folded up paper inside with a diagram. He eyes widened when he realized the harness was for his cock and balls. He had never heard of such a thing but he was excited to try it on. Quickly he dropped his pants and underwear. His cock was already hard in anticipation of putting on the kinky harness.

Even with the diagram as a guide, it took Joe a good 10 minutes to get the harness on. There were two straps that snapped around the base of his cock and one that ran up between his balls. The straps fit snugly around his cock and balls and so it took him a few tries to get the straps to snap together. Finally he got the harness in place and it felt good. It was tight and confining, but it made his cock feel harder and more sensitive. Joe felt incredibly perverted and submissive with his cock and balls in the harness. He squeezed his cock a few times enjoying the feeling of fullness.

Next Joe slid on the satin panties. The soft fabric felt incredible against his sensitive cock. Pre-cum was already dripping out the tip of his cock. Even his ass seemed to be overly sensitive. He enjoyed the feeling of the thong strap pressing into his ass. Joe could have easily stroked himself to an orgasm within seconds but he refrained himself knowing that Lori would be upset if he did.

Joe pulled up his pants and waited for his hard-on to go away. A few minutes went by and his cock remained hard. Joe could not calm himself down. The harness felt too good around his cock and balls and he could not avoid thinking about how kinky and erotic things were for him at the moment. The more he waited the more aroused he became. He finally decided to head back to the table and hope that no one would notice the bulge in his pants.

Joe quickly made his way through the dining room. The confining harness and tight panties rubbed over his sensitive areas, heightening his arousal and drawing out more precum. Joe arrived at the table only to find his food tray and the trash left behind by the girls. On his seat was a note which read:

"The girls and I got tired of waiting for you panty boy. Clean up our trash and come back to the apartment. Hurry slave....we don't like to be left waiting!!!"

Joe glanced at his watch. He didn't realize he had been in the bathroom for over 20 minutes. He hoped Lori would not be mad at him. He cleaned up the trash and headed out of the dining room holding his school backpack infront of him to hide his hard-on. Joe was nervous and too preoccupied to even notice the small damp spot forming on the front of his jeans.

He jogged across campus to Lori's apartment and knocked on her door. When she opened the door he immediately began to apologize. "I'm so sorry Miss Lori. It didn't realize how long I was in the bathroom..."

Lori cut him off, "silence slave! What were you doing in there? Masturbating?"

Joe nervously looked down, "I...I...It just took me awhile to get the harness on."

Lori laughed smugly. "Well you better learn how to get it on quickly. You'll be wearing it a lot now. Come on in slave. We've been waiting for you."

Joe quietly walked into the apartment. His cock was still hard beneath his jeans. Lori had Joe stand in front of the couch where Pam and Linda were sitting. Then she ordered him to strip down to his panties and stand straight with his arms behind his head. Joe felt silly standing infront of the three girls with his cock and balls spilling out of pink sparkly panties.

Pam said, "Very nice Joe. The panties look fantastic on you. Looks like something a stripper would wear."

Linda added, "Yes. I love it. Let's get a look at that harness now."

Joe looked over at Lori for approval. She simply walked over to him and slid his panties down to his mid thigh and commented, "Mmmm. So nice Joey. I love the look of your cock and balls confined in the leather harness. She gently stroked his cock and squeezed his balls causing him to shiver with delight.

Next Lori and the girls expressed how excited they were in Joe's decision to serve them. Lori explained that the weekend would be like a boot camp for him. He would be trained to be a proper slave. Despite the seriousness in her tone, Joe did not take her words serious. To him it was one big role playing scenario. He would soon learn how serious she was.

Lori led Joe back to her room. She closed the door behind him and ordered him to stand straight with his arms down to the side. She circled him slowly, inspecting her new property. She traced the riding crop over his body as she walked. The cool leather sent chills through Joe. Lori spoke in an authoritive tone, "I am pleased that you decided to be my slave. We have much work to do. You need to be trained and disciplined to obey me Let's start with a little obedience exercise. When I give an order and snap my fingers you will immediately carry out my order. You must not react until I snap my fingers, understood?"

Joe loved the dominatrix role that Lori was playing. He had always fantasized about being dominated. He found his situation to be erotic and arousing. "Yes ma'am," he replied.

"Great. First let's get you dressed like a slave. Take those panties off."

Joe started to pull the panties down. Lori quickly slapped him on the ass with the riding crop, "Did I snap my fingers?"

Joe quickly pulled the panties back up and Lori slapped his ass again. "Did I tell you to pull the panties back up?"

Joe froze and apologized, "I'm sorry Mistress."

Once again Lori slapped his ass with the riding crop. "Did I give you permission to speak slave?"

No matter what he did, he could not satisfy his mistress. Joe froze and remained silent. Lori smiled, "That's good slave. Now you are getting it. Take those panties off now." .

Joe pulled the panties off.

"On your knees!"

"Hands behind your head!" Joe sat on his knees waiting for snap. A few long seconds went by and Lori commented, "good." . Joe's hands went behind his head.

Tonight you will be trained to obey me. You will learn about control....self-control.....and being controlled. Kiss my feet."

Lori held her foot up to Joe's mouth and he kissed it. She immediately slapped him on the ass with the riding crop. "I did not snap my fingers."

Joe froze, waiting for her next command. "Kiss my feet slave."

Joe kissed her feet. She made him lick the soles of her feet and suck on her toes. After a few minutes Joe became good at waiting for her to snap her fingers. The focused domination put him in an extremely submissive frame of mind. He did not think about anything but pleasing Lori. Finally Lori said, "I am tired of this game. You will obey all my orders when I give them. You do not need to wait for me to snap my fingers, got it?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"Good. You did o.k. following my orders, but you need to do better. I expect you to follow my orders without hesitation. You will do as I say, when I say it. Got it?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Good. You will be with Pam for the next part of your training." Lori held Joe's cock firmly in her hand as she spoke. "Pam has a date tonight and you will help her get ready. I expect you to serve her with the same respect and obedience as me, got it?"

"Yes Miss Lori," replied Joe.

Still holding his cock firmly, Lori pulled on it and led him to Pam's room, using his cock as a leash. Pam was sitting on her bed in a pink robe, talking to someone on the phone. She was sitting up with her legs stretched out in front of her. Lori made Joe kneel at the foot of the bed and then left.

Joe waited silently for Pam to finish her call. When she was done he said, "Hi Miss Pam."

Pam instantly got up and reprimanded him, "Did I give you permission to talk slave?"

"No Ma'am, Sorry!"

Pam walked behind Joe, firmly grabbed his hair and pulled his head back so the he was looking up at her. "Again you talk without my permission. You are to be silent unless I tell you to speak, understood?"

This time Joe remained silent. Pam released his hair and said, "That's better slave." Next Pam sat on the bed in front of him. She had a black marker in her hand and she held it up for Joe to see. "I noticed Miss Lori's cock was labeled with her name in black marker and I thought it was a fabulous idea. This will be how we keep track of your obedience. Every time you are disobedient I will mark your body for Miss Lori to see. The more marks you have, the more punishment and discipline you will receive by Miss Lori. To make this a little fun for me, I'm going to mark you with words. Each time you disobey me I will mark a letter on your body. I wonder how many words I can spell? Let's start with the word slut."

Lori drew the letters 'SL' on his chest. "That's for speaking twice without permission."

Joe remained silent. He was ready to obey. Pam instructed him to get a warm bubble bath started and then to come back in. Joe stood up and Pam immediately stopped him. "On your knees slave! I didn't say you could stand up."

Joe immediately dropped down to his knees again. Pam drew a 'U' on his chest. "You are to remain on your hands and knees at all times slave. Now go and get my bath ready."

Joe crawled to the bathroom. He started the water for Pam's bath and poured in the bubble bath that Pam had left on the side of the tub. There were a few candles placed around the tub. Joe lit the candles as instructed by Pam and then he crawled back to her room and kneeled in front of her. Pam was sitting on the edge of the bed. Pam instructed him. "Hands behind your head. Eyes down."

Joe complied. His cock remained hard and throbbing. Pam rubbed her bare foot over his erection. "I can see you are enjoying this slave. I guess you were meant to be a slave and you didn't even know it." Pam laughed at her insight. Then she explained, "I have a wonderful date tonight with Jake Thompson. Do you know who Jake Thompson is slave?"


Joe remained silent, unsure whether or not he should speak. Pam ordered, "speak slave."

"No ma'am. I don't"

"Jake is quite the man and very studly. I don't suppose he would hang out with a slave like you. Anyway, I'm very excited about my date with Jake. It's hard to find a good man these days so I'm looking forward to it. I can't wait to feel his hard cock in my pussy."

Pam spread her legs exposing her bare pussy. Joe looked up at enticing sight. Pam looked into Joe's eyes with a devilish smile and ordered, "Eyes down slave." She then drew the final letter on his chest to complete the word 'SLUT'. "You really are a slut Joe. You can't even sit there without looking at my pussy. You'd like to put your cock in my pussy wouldn't you Joe?"

Joe wanted to scream yes but he remained silent with his eyes down. Pam ordered, "look at my pussy Joe." Joe looked up. Pam began to finger herself. It wasn't long before her fingers were moist. She held them out for Joe and ordered, "Lick!" Joe obeyed, sucking off her pussy juices, savoring her taste. Pam fingered herself more and pushed her fingers into his mouth again. "Suck them slave. Mmm...that's right suck them like a cock. Mmmm." Joe sucked harder, excited at Pam's naughty talk. "You're a slutty cock sucker aren't you Joe? Only real men get to put their cock's in me Joe. Not slutty cock sucking slaves." Pam laughed and the removed her fingers from his mouth. "Enough slut! Let's get back to business and your business is to get me ready for my date tonight. You are going help me get all sexed up so that I can feel a real cock inside my pussy tonight. If things go great on my date then I'll give you a special treat. If things don't go so well, then expect a punishment slave. Now go check on my bath. I'll be in shortly."

Joe crawled back to the bathroom. He turned off the water and waited. Pam came in a few minutes later. She had a disappointed look on her face as she looked around. She sat down on the toilet and pointed for Joe to kneel in front of her. "You have much to learn slave. You are trying but it's not good enough." Pam drew a letter on his forehead, "Turn off the lights when you prepare my bath." She drew another letter on his head, "I want to smell the fragrances of the bath and candles when I come in. Close the door while the bath is being drawn to keep them locked in." She drew another letter, "The sink is dirty. I expect to bathe in a clean bathroom." Next she drew two more letters on his forehead. "There's no towel for me. How am I supposed to dry off? You will learn slave. Now go fetch me a towel from the linen closet."

Joe crawled to the closet wondering what word was written across his forehead. When he returned with a towel Pam was soaking in the tub with her eyes closed. Joe kneeled next to the tub and waited. He found it very sensual and sexy how the candle lights glowed off Pam's wet body. His cock twitched and throbbed for attention. He desperately wanted to touch her, caress her, and fuck her. Fantasies filled his mind as he kneeled and stared. Finally Pam opened her eyes and sat up. She handed Joe a bottle of fragrant bath gel and ordered, "Wash me. Start with my legs."

Joe poured some gel into his hands and rubbed it into her legs. Her legs were smooth and silky. Next he washed her stomach and then he came to the most exciting part, her breasts. Pam had large breasts. Joe guessed they were a C-cup. He could not wait to touch them. Joe massaged a generous amount of gel into her breasts and he slowly slid his hands over her nipples. Pam closed her eyes and let out a moan. Joe took this as a cue to continue. He gently squeezed and fondled her tits. He pulled and twisted her nipples causing Pam to moan in delight and his own arousal to increase.

Pam was enjoying the pleasure, but she didn't want to go too far. "That's enough slave. My tits aren't that dirty."

Joe stopped disappointed that he could no go further. He finished her bath by washing her back. Pam stood up waiting for her towel. As Joe retrieved the towel, Pam made no effort to move. She stood motionless, like a Goddess waiting to be pampered. She ordered Joe to dry her. Joe patted the towel over her chest and then dried each of her arms. She stepped out of the tub and he bent down to dry each of her legs and feet. Joe felt as if her were a servant to a Goddess or Princess. He loved this feeling and he wanted to please his Goddess. When he was done drying her, Joe helped her into her robe and they both went into Pam's room. Pam sat on the bed and ordered Joe to brush her hair. As Joe sat and brushed her hair, she talked about how great her date was going to be with Jake and how Joe needed to make her nice and pretty so she could get his cock inside her pussy.

Next she handed Joe a tube of body lotion. "Massage the lotion into my feet, legs, and arms. Start with my feet." Pam laid back on the bed for her massage.

The fragrance was Peony, which had a subtle floral aroma. Joe thought it smelled pretty and feminine. He slowly worked the lotion into Pam's feet, giving her a foot massage. Her feet were already soft and silky, which led Joe to believe that Pam was used to being pampered with foot massages. He slowly worked his way up each of her legs, pushing aside her robe as needed. He was thrilled when he reached her thighs, because he had a clear view of her pussy. Her pubic hair was trimmed neatly and he could clearly see her pussy opening.

Pam was relaxing with her eyes closed, but she knew Joe was sneaking peeks of her pussy. She liked the attention and so she allowed him to drool over her pussy. She even parted her legs slightly to give him a better view.

Joe wished he could touch her pussy, but he knew better. He finished massaging her thighs and then worked on her arms and legs. When he was done, Pam complimented him. Then she placed her feet around Joe's hard cock and slowly rubbed her feet around his cock. "Feel how soft and silky you made my feet."

Joe's cock was extremely sensitive from the cock harness as well as all the teasing he was enduring. Pam's silky smooth feet felt amazing rubbing all over his cock. Cum oozed out of his cock, creating a slick lubricant. "That feels incredible. Please let me cum," he pleaded.

"You want to cum baby?"

"Yes. Please," moaned Joe.

Pam increased the pressure around his cock and she moved her feet at a faster pace. Joe finally had hope the he would be allowed to orgasm. He was ready to burst when Pam stopped and said, "No cumming slut." Then she laughed as he moaned in frustration. She held her right foot up to Joe's mouth. "Look what you did slut. You got your nasty cum all over my feet. I can't go out on a date like this. Clean it up."

Joe looked around the room for a towel but could not find one. Pam was impatient. "What are you waiting for slave?"

"Do you have a towel?"

Pam laughed. "Oh you've got a lot to learn slave. Use your tongue slut. Lick it off with your tongue."

Joe hesitated at the thought of licking his own cum. Pam was not pleased. She pushed the sole of her foot over his mouth and ordered, "Lick slave. I haven't got all night!"

This time Joe reacted immediately. He licked the bottom of her foot, cleaning off the stickiness of his cum. Pam coached him on, "That's right slut. Lick up your cummies. Mmmm such a pretty little cum slut. Oh yes....you're a good cum slut. Get all your cummies."

Joe could taste small traces of his cum as he cleaned her feet. It did not seem possible for Joe to become more aroused, but somehow his arousal grew. He was excited at how Pam was forcing him to do something so humiliating. He should have been disgusted, but instead he loved being her cum slut. His cock bobbed and twitched in need of attention. Joe slid his hand down to his cock and stroked it a few times. Pam noticed and laughed more. "You really do like being my cum slut. Wait till I tell Lori." Pam allowed Joe to lick her feet for a little longer. Then she announced that it was time to get dressed for her date.

She told Joe to retrieve matching panties, bra, stockings and a garter belt from her lingerie chest. She was not sure what color to go with so she told Joe to get a black set and a red set. Joe found it very intimate and erotic as he fished through her lingerie looking for matching items. His cock remained hard the whole time.

Pam thought the red set was too slutty and so she chose the black lingerie. Joe helped her into her panties and stockings. He carefully fitted the garter belt around her waist and attached the straps to her stockings. Pam was pleased with the lingerie. After admiring herself in the mirror she reminded Joe how much of a slut he was. Since he was a slut, Pam thought the red lingerie might be appropriate for him and so she ordered him to put it on.

She helped him into the red satin panties and stockings. Joe felt silly and embarrassed wearing stockings but he was also excited and aroused knowing that Pam was making him do something so weird and feminine. He even thought the garter belt looked sexy on him. He wanted to protest when Pam slid the bra over his arms and shoulders, but he remained silent and horny. Everything felt tight and wonderful on his body. He felt sexy, and sensual.

When he was dressed in his pretty lingerie Pam ran her hands over his stockings and garter strap and said, "Oh yes, this is much too slutty for me, but it's perfect for you. It's fun dressing you up Joe. I do like playing with sissy boys but I've got womanly needs too. I need a real cock, not a girlie clittie like yours."

Joe spoke up, "Miss Pam, I'm not a sissy boy. I..I...just do this because you want me to."

Pam laughed. "Oh Joey. It's cute that you deny your true inner self. Look at you. You're dressed like a slut and hard as a rock. Miss Lori told me how excited you were when she dressed you up in her pretty white night gown and red lipstick. You had such a big orgasm all over her silky gown. It's what you like Joe. It's what being a sissy is all about. Jake would never let himself get into a situation like this. Jake is a real man."

Joe wanted to defend himself again, but Pam stopped him before he could get a word out. "Hush my little princess. You are speaking without permission." Pam took her black marker and wrote the words "sissy boy" across his back. She read it out loud so Joe knew what she wrote. After reading it she said, "Don't be ashamed Joe. You are so hot and pretty dressed like a slut. It makes my pussy hot seeing you all sexed up like this. Maybe one day I'll let you put your clittie inside of me. Keep being a good little girl and I might just let it happen. Now be a good girl and fetch my clothes over there."

Joe helped Pam into a skirt and blouse. Next he brought over her leather boots and helped her into them. Joe thought she looked very sexy. Pam added a spritz of perfume to her neck and wrists. She did the same to Joe and commented, "Us girls got to smell pretty."

The scent of the perfume filled Joe's lungs and made him feel more feminine. With every move that he made he could feel the silky stockings rubbing over his legs and pulling on his garter straps. The female world was closing in around him and he was enjoying it in a strange erotic way. The continued comments about how he was a sissy and the repeated references to him as a girl were seeping into Joe's mind and making him question his manliness. He was excited and aroused and confused. His cock twitched and throbbed in need of attention.

Pam firmly grasped Joe's cock and his attention immediately went to her. She smiled and said, "Well I'm all ready for my date Joey. Now let's go see Lori and Linda and give them a report on how naughty you were. She pulled on his cock, leading him into the living room where Lori and Linda were waiting. Joe entered the room nervous and excited, wondering what was in store for him the rest of the night.

TO BE CONTINUED...


College Days – Domination 101 Ch. 03
byoneguy4fun©

Linda and Lori turned their attention to Pam when she walked in with Joe. They complimented her on how sexy she looked. Pam enjoyed the attention. "Joey did a nice job preparing me for my date," she said as she presented herself. Next the girls attention went to Joe and they laughed at the sight of him covered in black marker and dressed as a slut in red panties and stockings.

Lori circled Joe, taking in the sight of all the perverted words written on his naked body. "My...my....Joey. Looks like you've been a bad boy." Lori looked at his forehead and read the word out loud that Pam had wrote, "Whore." Next she looked down at his chest and read the word 'Slut' out loud.

Linda stood behind Joe and laughed at how Pam had labeled his asshole as a pussy. She traced her finger down the arrow that Pam drew. "Ooohhh Lori, Joe has a pussy and it says here that he is a sissy boy." Her finger slid between his ass cheeks and slightly poked him in his hole, causing Joe to flinch. "I can't wait to fuck his tight little pussy."

Lori laughed and cupped his balls. "Mmmmm. Yes, it will be fun, won't it? Do you want us to fuck your tight little pussy, Joey?"

Joe was not sure what he wanted. The thought of being fucked in the ass seemed wrong, but he had to admit it felt good when Pam had played with his ass earlier. Even the small amount of poking from Linda released new erotic feelings within Joe. Despite the wonderful pleasure, Joe could not admit that he wanted to be fucked in the ass and so he replied, "ahh...I don't know?"

Lori cupped his balls tightly and spoke softly and firmly, "Let me rephrase that Joey....You WILL have your pussy fucked by us, won't you dear?"

Getting the point, Joe replied, "Yes ma'am."

"Yes what," asked Lori.

"Yes. I want to be fucked by you."

Lori was amused at how Joe did not mention that he wanted his pussy to be fucked. It was subtle, but intentional. She could see that Joe was avoiding all feminine references or trying to play them down. His resistance only added to her excitement.

Lori stroked Joe's cock, keeping him fully aroused. Her tone change from firm to sexy and playful "Let me hear you say it Joey....Beg me to fuck your pussy sweetie."

Joe could not resist her playfulness. Her sexy voice penetrated his resistance and he begged, "Please fuck my pussy Miss Lori. I want you to fuck my pussy." The more he begged, the more Lori stroked his cock and the more excited he became. Finally Lori stopped stroking. "See Joey, you really are a slut....getting all excited over having your pussy fucked. It seems that you've been a bad little girl for Miss Pam, and bad girls don't get the pleasure of being fucked. Bad girls need to be punished."

Lori was confusing Joe's emotions and thoughts. He had gotten so excited and aroused from begging. He was not sure whether to be happy or upset that his pussy wouldn't be fucked. His thoughts were interrupted by Pam.

Pam handed a paper to Lori and said, "I kept track of Joe's infractions. He definitely needs training. He has a good attitude and is trying, but he has a lot of work to do." Pam playfully cupped Joe's balls. "I'd love to stick around for the training but I'm due for my date with Jake. Bye girls."

Lori and Linda wished Pam good luck. Then they focused their attention on Joe. Lori instructed him to get down on his hands and knees. When she walked in front of Joe, she had a leather riding crop in her hand. Lori dangled it in front of his eyes, making sure that he saw it. Then she placed the flat part on the back of his neck and walked behind him, dragging the cool leather slowly over his spine. Joe arched his back from the light, ticklish sensation. His body shivered and tensed in anticipation of what was to come. Linda slid his panties down to his ankles, exposing his ass.

Joe was expecting a smack against his ass. Instead he felt the leather caress his ass cheeks. Lori slid the riding crop between Joe's legs and lightly rubbed the underside of his cock, causing more shivers. Joe breathed heavily from the wonderful feeling. Lori brought the leather whip back to his ass cheeks and circled the crop around them. She continued to tease and caress his ass and cock while she talked, "This is quite a list Joe. It seems you don't know when to keep your mouth shut." Lori slapped the crop across his ass lightly. The unexpected slap caused him to flinch

Lori resumed tracing his ass with the riding crop only to slap it again after a few seconds. She loved the way his body jerked uncontrollably when she spanked him. Joe's body tensed, waiting for the next slap. Instead the crop traced the underside of his cock and balls once more putting him at ease. Lori slid the crop back and forth over his cock, causing him to rock on his hands and knees in a fucking motion.

Lori handed the list to Linda and asked her to read the items out loud. Linda took the list and said, "It would be my pleasure."

Lori gave Joe a quick slap for each item that Linda read off the list.

"Hesitates to obey when given an order."

"Needs to clean bathroom when preparing bath."

"Close door when preparing bath,"

"Hesitant to eat his cum,"

Lori was skilled in how she spanked Joe. She started with light slaps and slowly increased the force in which she spanked him. Then she varied between soft slaps and hard slaps. In between the slaps she would trace the crop over his sensitive areas. Joe did not know when to expect a gentle caressing, a slight slap, or a hard slap across his ass. The combination of spanking and caressing proved to be highly arousing for Joe. His cock was dripping precum. Never in his dreams would he have imagined that a spanking would be this pleasurable.

Linda was watching carefully and she observed that Joe was enjoying the spanking. She said to Lori, "My, my, my Lori. I think Joe is getting off on this little spanking."

Lori laughed and moved the crop under his cock. Then she lightly slapped his cock several times. The light repetitive motion caused his cock to flinch with pleasure. Joe became lost in the erotic emotion. Lori asked, "Are you enjoying this slut?"

Joe could not lie, "Yes. Ma'am."

"Mmmm. Such a naughty boy. You will find that my discipline sessions can be quite pleasurable. Discipline is not a bad thing Joe. In fact regular discipline is healthy. Athletes become great through focused training and discipline. I shall apply the same principles to train and condition you to be my slave."

The thought of being Lori's slave never crossed Joe's mind when he met her. Joe couldn't even figure out how he went from dating Lori to being her slave. It was all a blur that happened so fast. It didn't matter at this point. Joe had been taken to a fantasy world well beyond his own imagination. The thought of being her slave was exciting to Joe.

Lori's crop playfully slapped Joe's ass and Lori said, "Mistakes will happen Joe, but through regular discipline you will learn from your mistakes and you will learn what is acceptable and not acceptable. What you don't want to do is disobey me. If you disobey me you will be punished...." Lori slapped the crop hard across Joe's ass and he jumped and yelped at the quick burst of pain. Linda laughed in amusement. Lori finished her thought, "...and punishments will not be quite a pleasurable, got it?"

Joe was still feeling the sting when he replied, "yes ma'am."

Lori's voice turned pleasant. She patted Joe on the head. "That's good my pet. I think you've learned quite a bit tonight. Now it's time for some fun. Let's go back to my room."

Lori made Joe stand up. Once again his cock was used as a leash and he was led back to Lori's bedroom. Lori had Joe lay on his back on the bed. Then Linda and her quickly tied him down. His wrists were tied to each side of the bed and a chain was used to connect his ankle cuffs together. The chain was about 3 feet long so it provided Joe with some movement of his legs.

Next Lori straddled Joe's waist, trapping his cock between her panties and his stomach. The hardness felt good pressing into her wet pussy. Linda sat on his legs, increasing his feeling of helplessness. Lori ran her hands through his hair and said, "Poor helpless Joey. What have you gotten yourself into? Do you realize you're at our mercy now?" She reached up and pinched his nipples hard causing his whole body to flinch. Joe actually enjoyed the feeling. "Big strong Joey is defenseless against us sweet little girls." Lori was enjoying her control over Joe. She started bucking her hips, rubbing her soft panties over Joe's cock.

The rubbing felt incredible to Joe. The feeling of helplessness and being restrained added to his arousal. Joe's senses focused on the wrist and ankle restraints locked around him. He became more aware of the feeling of his cock and balls restrained in a harness. He could feel the tightness of the stockings over his legs.

Lori stopped her bucking. She took the marker that Pam had been using and wrote 'Fuck Toy' on each of Joe's arms and said, "Tonight you are going to be our fuck toy Joe. You are a toy for us to use as we please. I don't want you to think or react to anything. Do what we say and nothing else. Got it?"

"Yes Miss Lori," replied Joe.

Linda went over to the bureau and returned with a tube of lipstick. "Lori, I think we need to decorate our toy a little bit."

"Great idea. Pucker up Joe."

Joe puckered his lips and Linda applied an overly generous amount of lipstick on his lips. Then she used the lipstick to outline his nipples and colored over them. As she colored in the circles she commented, "I just love nice red nipples."

When Linda was finished, Lori squeezed Joe's cheeks causing his mouth to form a circle. Then she asked Joe, "Do you know what this is?"

Joe managed to squeeze out the words, "My mouth."

Both Linda and Lori giggled. Lori replied, "Not tonight sweetie. Tonight it is a fuck hole." Lori wrote the words 'fuck hole' above his lips with the marker.

Then she got off Joe and grabbed his cock. She looked at the words 'Miss Lori's cock' written on his cock and then spit on the underside of his cock. "I'm going to change this a little." She rubbed off the word 'cock' and replaced it with the word 'dildo'. Then she read it out loud for everyone to hear, "Miss Lori's dildo. Tell me Joe, when does a girl use a dildo?"

Joe guessed, "When she wants to pleasure herself."

"Yes....and she uses a dildo to pleasure herself when what?.... when there is not a real cock available." Lori firmly squeezed his cock, "And this is not a real cock." She pushed his cock away causing it to slap against his stomach. Both girls giggled at their toy with amusement. Lori continued with her questions, "And tell me Joe, what is nice about using a dildo?"

Again, Joe could only guess at what she was trying to get at, "You can do whatever you want with the dildo."

Lori replied, "yes....that's true and I will do WHATEVER I want with this dildo tonight...Dildo's are also nice because they don't squirt out any nasty boy cum."

This time Linda grabbed his cock and said, "This is a dildo so there will be no cumming, got it?"

"Yes Ma'am," replied Joe, uncertain if he could follow through on that promise.

He was tested immediately. Linda suddenly jerked his cock up and down at a fast pace. An orgasm was building quickly and Joe was worried that he would cum. Desperately he moaned, "Please can I cum?" Just as quickly as she started, Linda stopped. She pulled her hand away and than slapped his cock with her hand and yelled, "No cumming! No talking fuck toy!"

Linda and Lori laughed as Joe tried to hold back. A small amount of cum leaked out of his cock. Joe was worried that he would be punished for it but the girls didn't seem to care. Lori commented, "That looked like fun. Let me try it." Lori stroked his cock with short fast strokes and almost instantly he felt an orgasm rising again. He was just about to plead to be allowed to cum, when Lori let go of his cock. It fell back against his stomach and more cum oozed out. Lori slapped his cock with her hand and lectured, "Bad dildo. No cummies allowed!"

Joe moaned out loud, "ohhh...you are driving me crazy...please let me cum?"

Lind replied, "Silence fuck toy! You talk too much." Then she slid her panties off and held them over Joe's face. "This should quiet you down. Open up," ordered Linda.

Joe opened his mouth. "Wider," shouted Linda. Joe opened his mouth as wide as he could and Linda pushed her damp panties into his mouth. Joe could taste her pussy juices. Linda and Lori giggled and then got up from the bed. Joe watched as they held each other in their arms like a loving couple and then looked down at Joe.

Lori said to Linda, "How do you like our fuck toy?"

Linda admired her toy. She loved his helpless state and nervous look. Her pussy throbbed at the sight of his balls tightly confined in the leather harness. She was both amused and aroused at seeing his body covered in humiliating words, stockings, and girly lipstick. She was going to take great pleasure in teasing him and using him for her own selfish pleasures. "Mmmm. I think our toy is lovely. Should be a lot fun to play with."

The two girls deeply kissed each other. Slowly they undressed each other and caressed each other. Lori caressed Linda's nipples and slid her fingers into Linda's wet pussy. Linda returned the favor bringing Lori into a heightened state of arousal. Little by little their breathing increased and their groping became harder and more in rhythm. Joe watched as they humped each other standing up. Pussy grinded against pussy, nipples rubbed against nipples, and tongues danced and tangled together.

The pornographic display infront of Joe added to his sexual torture. He could smell the heavy scent of their arousal. He sucked on the panties in his mouth, tasting Linda's wonderful juices. He shifted his body trying to get a better look, but was held back by his restraints. Joe wished he could be right between them.

The girls continued to pleasure each other. Soon their bodies tensed and their moans grew louder. Both girls feverishly grinded against each other as orgasms coursed through their bodies and enveloped them in hot pleasure.

Joe was extremely aroused from the erotic show. His cock was dripping cum and he was in need of an orgasm. Lori reminded him off his compromising position, "oh, that was an incredible orgasm. Too bad fuck toys don't have orgasms. No..no...Fuck toy's are for making orgasms. I'm going to love playing with you fuck toy! You will bring me lots of orgasms."

Joe just moaned into the panties. Linda grabbed a digital camera. "Before our fuck toy gets all used up, I think we should get a picture." Linda snapped several pictures. She made sure she took a few close ups so that the humiliating words could be clearly seen in the photo. When she was done, Lori stood over top of his cock and said to Linda, "Come play with my pussy with our dildo."

Linda grabbed Joe's cock and slowly rubbed the tip of his cock back along the length of Lori's pussy. Lori's pussy was hot and slippery and felt incredible rubbing over the tip of Joe's cock. Having his cock teased at the opening of Lori's pussy was pure torture for Joe. He desperately wanted to feel her hot pussy all around his needy cock. He pushed his hips upward, trying to push deeper into the pulsing hole. He managed push in slightly more, but Linda had a firm grip on his cock and prevented him for pushing in too much. He tried again and Linda commented to Lori in an amusing voice, "He's trying to push it in.....yes....he's trying to push in further." Then she slapped his cock and let it fall on his stomach. "Bad dildo," she exclaimed and then laughed.

Joe moaned in frustration into the panties in his mouth. He was unsure if he could take the torture much longer. Somehow he managed to last. For the next 30 minutes Lori and Pam played with their fuck toy and had a tremendous amount of fun. There was lots of giggling and teasing. Joe sucked each of their pussies until they came on his face. He sucked their nipples and even licked their asses. He did whatever they wanted and they wanted a lot.

Eventually the girls gave Joe a break. Linda left the room and Lori straddled his chest allowing him to stare at her pussy for a few minutes and inhale her musky scent. Then she said to Joe, "I must feel MY dildo inside of me. I'm going to ride you until I cum. Are you ready slave?"

Joe pleaded, "Please Miss Lori, I can't take it. Please you must let me cum. There's no way I can last with my cock inside of you."

Lori reached around and grasped his balls hard. "I can see you need more training. First of all this is MY cock...not yours. Secondly, we agreed that is not a real cock. It is a dildo. You will refer to it as MISS LORI's DILDO!!"

"Yes ma'am," replied Joe.

Lori released her grip. Then said, "Fuck toy, you can not cum. Don't worry I have something that will help. I have a cream that will help keep you from cumming and I have a condom that will also help take the pleasure away from you. Would you like them?"

"Yes, please."

"You've got to earn them sweetie. Show me what a good cock sucker you are and if I'm impressed I'll let you use them."

Right on cue, Linda walked back into the room. She was wearing a large strap-on cock. Aside from the purple color, it was realistic looking. "Is our little cock sucker ready," asked Linda.

"Let's get him on his knees," said Lori.

Joe's restraints were undone and he kneeled infront of Linda. The dildo seemed large to Joe. Strangely he was turned on from kneeling infront of Linda and her strap-on. She seemed more dominate and intimidating with the strap-on. Linda ordered, "Suck it sissy-boy."

Linda loved having a guy suck her strap-on. The power exchange was incredible. She was immersed in erotic bliss as she watched Joe, who was physical bigger and stronger than her, kneeling like a little girl sucking her cock. She felt powerful and controlling as she pushed the phallus in and out of his mouth. She grabbed his hair and controlled the rhythm. Joe sucked and licked her cock with amazing enthusiasm. Lori and her encouraged him along.

"Suck it you naughty girl!"

"Show us what a slut you are!"

"That's a good sissy....that's a good cock sucker."

"Open that fuck hole up...fuck toy!"

"You're just a dirty fuck toy!"

Joe seemed to get more excited the more the girls yelled at him. Each thrust of the dildo made him feel like less of a man. Linda took great pleasure in seizing Joe's male power. It made her stronger and more excited. The psychological thrill of fucking Joe's mouth ignited an orgasm within Linda. Her body tensed and her mind exploded. Her chest and legs shivered in uncontrollable pleasure as she fucked her fuck toy.

Lori was pleased with Joe's performance. As a reward she had Joe lay on his back and she massaged the cream into Joe's 'dildo' and she rolled on a condom. Lori was hot and aroused from watching Joe suck Linda's strap-on and so she wasted no time mounting him. Her wet pussy easily consumed Joe's cock. The sensation was strange for Joe. He could feel pressure on his cock, but the condom and cream masked the pleasurable sensations the he would normally experience. Mentally he was stimulated and ready to cum but physically his cock was not reacting. Joe thought how ironic it was, that this was his reward.

Lori humped Joe's cock with all her might. She knew he wanted to cum but just couldn't. She reveled in this power and control that she had over him. He was so close to paradise, but not quite there. There was something deliciously exquisite about torturing the male creature in this fashion. It sent Lori over the edge in record time. Her insides burst with hot pleasure and her body radiated in sexual energy. Her pussy squeezed Joe's cock for it's own delightful pleasure.

When all was said and done, Linda and Lori lay next to each other fully satisfied and relaxed. Their fuck toy on the other hand, was a bundle of excited nerves. His body was alive and in need of attention. His cock was swollen and twitching and his mind was overloaded with lust. Joe could not believe that his cock had been inside one of the hottest girls he ever knew and yet he did not cum. It left him frustrated and wanting more, which was precisely how Lori had wanted him.

After a few minutes of quietness, Lori reached over and undid the harness on Joe's cock and balls. "Well, I think that's all for tonight slave," she said non-chalantly.

Joe begged, "Please Miss Lori, can I cum. I must cum."

Linda commented, "so pathetic....begging like a little baby girl."

Lori added, "Why should I let you cum?"

"Please Miss Lori. My balls feel so full. I'm aching. I need release."

"Aww. Poor baby...We can't have are little baby all achy now can we. I don't know Linda. Should we let him cum? I don't really want a nasty mess in our apartment."

Linda replied, "He was a good fuck toy. Maybe just a little cum. He could lick it all up so there wouldn't be a mess."

Lori complimented Linda, "Another great idea. O.K. Joseph. Promise me you'll lick up all your cum and then I'll let you cum."

Joe was desperate and for reasons that he could not explain, he became more aroused at the thought of being forced to lick up his own cum. He agreed to her terms. The sinister laughs that came from Linda and Lori did not give him a good feeling.

Lori had him kneel on the floor on his hands and knees. Linda fetched a small bowl and placed it between his legs. Lori looked at Joe's ass and commented, "Hmmm. Linda, we never got to use our fuck toy's pussy."

Joe suddenly became nervous. Linda said, "It's too late to fuck his pussy. I've got an idea."

Linda opened a drawer and pulled out a small silver dildo. While she lubed it up, Lori used her finger to lube Joe's ass. The lubrication was cool and it felt good inside his hot hole. Joe had never had anything in his ass before and he was overwhelmed at how good Lori's finger felt inside him.

Lori instructed Joe to relax and concentrate on not cumming. Then she took the dildo from Linda and slowly pushed it into Joe's ass. Fireworks seemed to go off in Joe's head. He never knew that such pleasure existed. Tears came to his eyes as he savored the deep penetrating pleasure. He closed his eyes and focused on not cumming.

Lori pointed Joe's cock straight down and slowly pushed the dildo in and out of his ass. Joe was concentrating hard not to cum. At one point he opened his eyes and saw that cum was steadily pouring out of his cock and into the bowl beneath him. He was not experiencing and orgasm, yet cum was flowing out of his cock. It was a surreal moment for Joe. Confused, he apologized to Lori. "I'm sorry Miss Lori, I can't control the cum. I don't know what's happening."

Lori was amused at Joe's reaction. Lori had milked cum out of many boys before so she knew exactly what was happening. Using the dildo and a slow stroking motion on his cock, she was milking the cum out of Joe like a cow. She comforted Joe, "Mmmm yes I know you can't control it dear. That's the beauty of it. As I said, this is my cock now. I control it not you. I will determine when it can and can not cum. Just stay relaxed dear."

Lori stopped briefly to switch bowls. She gave Linda the bowl filled with his cum and then placed a new bowl under Joe. Linda sat infront of Joe with the cum bowl. While Lori continued to milk cum from his cock, Linda fed Joe his cum. She used a pink baby spoon to scoop the cum form the bowl. She placed the cum covered spoon at Joe's lips and said, "Her you go baby girl. Eat your cummies."

Obediently Joe took the spoon in his mouth and for the first time in his life, swallowed his own cum. It was creamy and salty and had a strange after taste. Linda quickly brought another spoonful to his mouth and he ate it. Linda spoke to him like a baby as she spoon fed him. "That's it precious, eat your cummies......good girl.....lick it all up..There's lot's of cum-cum for you today."

Joe was confused at his arousal. Despite his humiliating situation he was fighting hard not to orgasm. Linda exchanged bowls with Lori again and brought a warm spoonful of cum to Joe's mouth. This time her comments were not as pleasant, but equally arousing. "Such a naughty little girl...swallowing that nasty boy cum...Lori, it's so pathetic what these sissy boys will do just to be with us, isn't it?"

Lori laughed and replied, "Yes, and Joe's such a slutty sissy. He's really a whore. Look at him with a dildo in his pussy and cum in his mouth, just begging to be fucked."

"Mmmm...yes he is. Makes my pussy hot to see him like this."

Lori finished milking Joe. She brought the last bowl of cum over to Joe and fed it to him with her finger. She enjoyed making him suck his cum off her finger like he was sucking a cock.

"Well that should be good for now. Let's call it a night."

Joe looked back at Lori confused. "Miss Lori, I.aahhh. . thought you said I could have an orgasm?"

Both girls laughed at his question. "I said you could cum dear, not have an orgasm. Don't you feel a little relief after all that cum emptied of your balls?"

"Well yes, but I'm still horny."

Lori stroked his hard cock slowly. "Yes sweetie. That's the way I like it. Get used to it baby. You're going to be horny all the time now. My horny little slut."

Joe was beginning to worry about his fate. "Will I ever get to orgasm?"

Lori was pleased at Joe question. It showed that he was committed to obeying her. "Of course you will. I will decide when the time is right. Keep pleasing me and being a good slave and I'll see to it that you can have another orgasm. It's getting late Joe and we all need to get some sleep. I have a big day planned for you tomorrow. Go take a shower and clean yourself up. Meet me back in my room when you're done.

Joe showered and walked into Lori's room with nothing but a towel on. He had managed to calm himself down so that he didn't have an erection. Lori and Linda were both under the covers in bed kissing each other when Joe walked in. He stood and watched unsure what to do. Linda looked up and saw Joe and said, "Lori left your night gown on the bureau for you."

Joe turned and saw the white silk night gown that he had on the night before. "Hurry up and get it on," ordered Lori. He slid the gown over his head. As the silk cascaded over his shoulders, chest muscles and skin, erotic memories form the night before flooded back. He tried to control himself but he could not. His cock swelled and poked out against the soft fabric of the night gown.

Linda commented, "Ohhh. He does look so pretty. And his clittie is even swollen. Very sexy."

Lori pointed to the floor next to the bed where a pink sleeping bag and pillow were placed. "Sleep tight princess."

Joe took his spot next to the bed. He wished he could squeeze in between the two girls. He could hear them kissing and whispering to each other. Joe spent the next half hour quietly stroking his cock through the night gown while Linda and Lori moaned and groaned in erotic pleasure. The smell of their pussies was strong and it drove Joe wild. He kept himself on the edge while Linda and Lori played with each other. Eventually the moans and groans stopped and the room fell silent as everyone drifted off to sleep.

TO BE CONTINUED...

College Days – Domination 101 Ch. 04
byoneguy4fun©

Joe woke up with a raging hard-on. All the teasing and torture from Linda and Lori over the weekend had a lasting impact on him. Even though they had milked cum out of his cock before he went to bed, he was still horny as ever. The milking relieved some of the pressure in his cock and balls, but it added to his horniness.

His cock twitched on its own as he lay on the floor next to Lori's bed in his white silk night gown. He closed his eyes and relived the weekend over again in his mind. It was hard for him to believe that he was seduced into being a slave and seduced into wearing lingerie and lipstick. Oddly, the more he thought about it, the more he became aroused. He was about to reach down and stroke his cock through the silk nightgown, but another hand beat him to it.

A soft voice whispered, "All horned up little slut, aren't we?"

Joe opened his eyes to see Lori peeking over the bed at him. Her one had reached down and slowly caressed his cock.

"Yes ma'am," replied Joe.

It only took a handful of strokes before Joe was on the verge of cumming.

"Please may I cum Miss Lori," he pleaded.

Lori stopped stroking his cock and patted it a few times. "Such a weak slut. You may not cum yet slut. Go make us eggs and toast."

"Yes Miss Lori," replied Joe. He stood up and walked out of the room, his hard-on leading the way.

Joe served his Mistresses breakfast and they took great pleasure in teasing him. His teasing lasted most of the morning. By noon his night gown was damp with cum and his cock and balls were so swollen they felt like they were going to burst.

Lori knew Joe could not take much more. She was ready to give him relief, but not after a little manipulation. Joe was laying on his back naked and Lori was stroking his cock keeping him on edge.

"Well, Joey, you've done well this weekend. I'm impressed," said Lori.

"Thank you mistress. I've had a lot of fun."

"Yes, I know...and you've proven to be quite the slut. I like that. I think I'll keep you as my slut. You would like to continue to be my slut wouldn't you?"

Joe did not hesitate to answer, "Yes, Mistress."

Lori gave Joe's cock a long firm stroke as a reward for his answer. "Good boy. Now I'm sure your ready to cum, aren't you pretty slut?"

"Yes ma'am. Are you going to let me cum?"

Lori looked over at Linda. "He's been pretty good. What do you think?"

Linda teased his cock along with Lori. She looked into his eyes and said, "yes....he has been good, but I think he must do something to earn his orgasm....something to prove that he's willing to be a slut for us and do anything to please us."

Joe was so close to cumming. He desperately wanted release. He pleaded like so many men before had pleaded to Lori and Linda, "Please...I'll do anything.....I'll be your slut....please let me cum."

Lori and Linda enjoyed his reaction. Lori kneeled over Joe's face. Her pussy was inches from his mouth.

"I just love to hear a man so desperate. Let's see how serious you are Joe. I'm going to christen you with my golden juices slut. It will be a symbol of your submission to me. Open up slut," ordered Lori.

Joe had never fantasized about "watersports" but in his overly aroused state the idea of drinking Miss Lori's pee excited him. He wanted to cum so bad that he did not care how degrading it was. Joe opened his mouth.

"Good boy. Start jerking your cock slut. You may stroke yourself while I christen you but you may not cum until the last drop of my golden juice is in your mouth. Do you understand?"

Joe nodded his head in agreement.

Lori immediately released her pee. A steady stream of warm piss flowed over Joe's face and into his mouth. He drank it and stroked his cock fighting back the urge to cum. Joe was surprised at how hard it was for him to hold back. Being in such a submissive and degrading position brought out a deep carnal pleasure within himself. The act of drinking Miss Lori's pee was so intimate and personal that it drove Joe wild. It wasn't more than a second after her pee stopped that Joe exploded in a long and intense orgasm. Lori and Linda giggled as they watched their new slut buck and thrust like a perverted boy. It was the perfect end to Joe's initiation weekend

That one little weekend had a profound effect on Joe's future. He discovered his submissive side and it was a treasure that he decided to hold onto. What was supposed to be a date with Lori turned out to be the start of a Journey for Joe. Through the rest of the school year, Joe learned to be a good slave and began to feel comfortable with his natural submissive tendencies. He also developed a close bond with Lori, Linda, and Pam. He learned what each of them liked and disliked and did his best to please them.

Pam was the Goddess. She loved to be pampered and admired. Joe enjoyed giving her baths weekly. He learned that it was a privilege for him to worship her by washing her body and giving her massages. He was constantly aroused from this form of submission.

Pam also took pleasure in having Joe prepare her for her 'fuck dates.' He would brush her hair, help pick out her lingerie, and dress her. He even learned how to shave her legs and pussy and properly paint her nails. Pam would always pick out lingerie for Joe to wear while he prepared his Goddess. She would also brag about how her date was a stud and she couldn't wait to feel his cock inside her. At the same time she would remind Joe of how much of a sissy he was.

One Saturday night, Pam locked Joe in her room before leaving for her date. He was dressed in a red corset, silk panties, and stockings. He was also wearing a butt plug and cock ring. Joe enjoyed the tightness of the corset and stockings on his body. The butt plug and cock ring added to his confined and submissive feelings. Pam's dominant energy consumed Joe's thoughts and kept him aroused even when she was not in the room.

During the evening Pam called Joe several time to give him updates on what was happening on her date. She would tell Joe how wet her pussy was from being with her stud date and how she was dying to feel his cock. Joe was always required to stroke his 'pussy' during the call. Pam's dirty talk aroused Joe and made him want to cum or fuck her.

Later in the evening Joe answered the phone but there was no reply from Pam. He was ready to hang up but stopped when he realized there was moaning in the background. His cock instantly swelled at the sound of Pam's sexual moans. Pam had left her phone on so he could hear her being fucked by her date. Joe stroked his cock and listened intently to the sound of her being fucked. Her moans were filled with deep emotion. Joe easily visualized the contorted look of sexual bliss on her face. The sounds of fucking drove him crazy. Listening to her experiencing erotic pleasure almost sent him over the edge. When she screamed from orgasm, Joe tensed his body to hold back his.

When Pam returned later in the evening, she could see that Joe enjoyed her game. His panties were damp from precum. She made him lie on her bed and she straddled his face. "Clean me up," ordered Pam.

Joe licked her pussy, cleaning out the remains of her date's cum. He was not excited about tasting another guy's cum, but he was glad to be able to eat Pam's pussy. He loved the way she smothered his face with her sex. He licked her juicy pussy until she came all of his face. Then she kissed him and sent him to bed hot and horny.

Pam loved to be worshiped and pampered. Then there was Linda.... Linda was the dominatrix. There was no pampering with her. She manhandled Joe and controlled him like a slave. He was constantly cleaning her boots and shoes with his tongue, crawling at her feet, and bending over to be spanked by her. She loved to tie him up helpless and tease and torture him. Linda played on Joe's dark erotic fantasies. Joe found great pleasure in being her mindless slave. It was actually relaxing for him to have no worries other than following her immediate command. It was rare that Linda would dominate Joe alone. Most of the time she was accompanied by Lori.

Lori was the leader of the trio. She had a nice blend of the Dominatrix and the Goddess personalities in her. Joe soon figured out that Lori was more into girls than guys. Her fascination with Joe was all about domination and control. She was molding him into the perfect slave. Her favorite kink was feminization. Joe could actually see her excitement and arousal grow whenever she dressed him up in feminine clothes. The more girlish he was, the more excited she became and the more she would touch him and allow Joe to touch her. Overtime this reaction from Lori conditioned Joe into wanting to be more like a girl. He learned that Lori could never resist feeling his 'pussy' when it was covered in silk and so he developed a strong desire to wear silky night gowns. He discovered that Lori's pussy gushed at the sight of him in a corset and stockings, with his lips painted a deep glossy red. He would not hesitate to beg to be dressed in these clothes in order to please her. Joe even became a pro at buying sexy corsets to wear for his mistress and he knew the best places to shop for lipstick and pretty stockings.

Joe knew his college days were strange compared to other guys. Instead of spending his money on beer, he was spending it on gifts for his mistresses, and panties, lingerie, and sex toys for himself. Instead of partying on the weekends, he was busy serving Pam, Linda, and Lori. This did not bother Joe. In fact he loved how things were turning out. Although he never really fucked his mistresses, the sexual pleasure he received from them was unimaginable. Joe figured that he was getting far more action with girls than any of his buddies. He was willing to be feminized and enslaved in pursuit of his erotic thrills. As time went be he even grew fond of wearing panties and silky night gowns.

Joe did not know it, but he was the textbook case for female authority. All the things he was discovering about his submissiveness and feminine side were deliberate and carefully planned by his captors. He did not view the girls as his captors, but they were. That was the beauty of his situation. He was being turned into a slave without realizing it. This is what made Lori's pussy throb and pulse at night. Her arousal was fueled from seeing a man serve her, humiliate himself, and do whatever he can to please her, all because of her female power.

Joe was an easy victim to female power. For him it was a great thing that brought exotic pleasures. It wasn't until the end of the school year that Joe was hit with an unexpected dose of reality. It was then that Lori brought to light something Joe had never thought about. He was kneeling at her feet, giving her a foot massage when Lori said, "Joe, you have been a wonderful sissy slave for me. I don't know what I'm going to do after I graduate this year."

"What do you mean," replied Joe.

"Joe, you must know that I will be leaving after graduation. I'm going to go to the UK for awhile. I've met some women over there who share the same interests as me in female domination. There is a great opportunity for me to further explore my dominance."

Joe was having a hard time comprehending the news. He had grown close to Lori and the other girls. They had become the center of his life. He was not sure what he would do without them. "I'll go with you. I'll be your live-in slave," he pleaded.

The offer was tempting to Lori, but she knew it was not right for Joe. He had a lot going for him and she did not want him to think irrationally on such a big decision. "Oh Joe. You are so dedicated. I can't let you do that. You need to finish college. Maybe after college you can come see me."

It was hard for Joe to accept her answer. No matter how hard he pleaded, Lori would not give in. The last day of the semester was a sad day for Joe. He felt empty and lost after the girls drove away.

Over the summer his manly habits started to resurface. However it was clear that the domination experience created new habits and changed his view about women and sex. During his time with Lori, Joe was always in denial about being feminized. He told himself that the feminization was just a means for him to get close to Lori and ultimately derive sexual pleasure. Now that she was gone, he realized how much he missed dressing pretty for her.

After being exposed to feminization and domination there was no way for Joe to escape its sensual lure. Whenever he walked past the lingerie section in a store, he couldn't help but linger a bit and stare at the sexy items. Occasionally at home he would slip into something silky and sexy and masturbate while fantasizing about being dominated by Miss Lori, Miss Pam, and Miss Linda. Many times when he masturbated he would stop before cumming, teasing himself. He would enjoy denying himself orgasms for weeks at a time.

Joe also found himself wanting to please all the women he encountered. He would go out of his way to open a door for a girl or help them carry something. He felt more connected to girls and more comfortable around them. Joe didn't realize it, but he had developed a submissive nature about him that would easily be recognized by a dominate.

Fortunately for Joe he encountered such a dominate at a party his first week back to college. Call it fate or natural tendencies, but somehow Joe and Tina gravitated towards each other during the party. There was a lot of flirting going on between the two. As the night went on, Joe made sure Tina's drink was never empty. She was very appreciative and rewarded him with the chance to walk her home.

Once in Tina's apartment, she led him back to her room. "Joe, you've been such a gentlemen tonight. I love men who are attentive to my needs."

Joe smiled at the compliment, "It's my pleasure. I love to please women. Especially a beautiful goddess like yourself."

Joe's response confirmed Tina's suspicion about his submissive nature. Tina had been observing Joe all night and she could easily see he was a submissive. During the night she had tested him a few times by commanding him to get her drinks or give her a shoulder massage. He had always responded without hesitation and she even noticed that he had a hard-on while he was around her. His obedience and growing excitement were clues to Tina that he had been trained by a mistress before. It was time for her to take control of this submissive.

Tina rubbed her hand over his hard-on. She whispered into his ear, "Yes Joe, I could see that you love to please and worship women. Tonight you will please me the way I want to be pleased, won't you?"

Joe's heart rate jumped. Memories of being dominated flooded back into his mind. The words were simple and few but Joe knew their meaning. "Yes, ma'am," he replied.

"Mmm. Very respectful. I like that. Call me Mistress. Ma'am makes me sound too old."

"Yes Mistress."

"Now undress for me my precious new slave. Show me what you have to offer."

Joe undressed down to his boxer shorts and was ready to remove them when Mistress Tina spoke, "Hmm. I'm a little surprised you aren't wearing panties. I could see a lot of sissy qualities in you."

Joe was baffled at how she could pick up on this. He replied, "uh...how did you know?"

"So you are a sissy?"

"Well.... my last mistress made me wear panties. She liked dressing me as a girl."

Tina laughed. "I bet you make a cute girl."

Tina fished through her panty drawer and pulled out a red silk thong. She threw it to Joe, "Put these on slave."

Joe slid the panties up over his cock. They felt comfortably familiar. Joe was thrilled to be back under the control of a mistress. The cum dripping from his cock was proof of his excitement.

Tina commented, "You look sexy in panties. I can also see how much it excites you. Why did you stop wearing panties?"

"My mistress moved away and it just wasn't the same without her."

Tina rubbed Joe's cock through the silk. Her soft strokes kept Joe on edge. He was desperate to cum. Tina asked, "I'm sure you still thought about wearing them. I bet you even slipped on a pair every now and then and jerked off in them, didn't you?"

"Yes, you are right," admitted Joe impressed at how well she could read him.

Tina laughed. "I know what boys like you think about. I know what you dream about and fantasize about. You are weak and at the mercy of your cock. Kneel down and worship my feet with your tongue."

Joe dropped to his knees and began to kiss and lick Tina's stocking covered feet. While he worshiped her feet she encouraged him.

"That's it slutty boy. Worship my feet. Inhale their scent. Show me how much you desire to serve me."

After a few minutes of foot worship she ordered Joe to get on his hands and knees. Then she moved behind him and spread his ass cheeks. Joe's ass tingled with excitement at the stretching feeling. His ass had not been filled since Lori left. Being exposed and inspected by Tina brought a sudden feeling of emptiness in his ass. It was an emptiness that craved to be filled. His insides suddenly awoke and wanted to be stimulated. Joe dramatically moaned hoping it would encourage Tina to probe further.

Tina inspected his hole. Her finger lightly traced the rim. "Hmm. You've got quite a pussy here. I can see you've been fucked quite a few times here, haven't you? You like having your pussy fucked don't you."

Cum leaked out of Joe's cock as Tina pushed her finger slightly into his hole. Joe moaned, "Yes. That feels so good. Please fuck my pussy Mistress Tina."

Tina applied some lubrication to her finger and then moved her finger in and out of his ass a few times. Joe bucked against her finger, savoring the pleasure. Tina brought him to the edge of orgasm and then retrieved a butt plug from her closet. The plug was attached to a harness. Tina slid the harness up his legs and around his waist. Then she inserted the plug into his ass and tightened the harness so that the plug remained secure in his ass.

"That should keep you excited and attentive to my needs," commented Tina.

Next Tina had Joe lay on his back on her bed. She took her time tying Joe to the bed with a nylon rope. Joe could tell he was dealing with a bondage fanatic from the way she tied him up. When she was done, his wrists and elbows were tied together and secured tightly to the center of his chest and stomach. His ankles were spread wide and tied to the bed posts, leaving his ass and cock vulnerable. His whole body was tied tightly to the bed, keeping him from moving around. She even tied a shoe lace around his balls and cock, creating her own custom cock and ball harness.

Tina took her time removing her clothes infront of Joe. Then she straddled his stomach and leaned forward and kissed him on the head. She whispered, "mmm. You like being tied up and helpless don't you, my pretty slave?"

"Yes," whispered Joe.

"You are so weak slave. You've only known me for a few hours and already I have you tied up, wearing panties, with a butt plug up your ass. Why is that slave?"

"I don't know Mistress. I am weak. You are so sexy. I can not help myself."

Tina let out a soft sultry laugh. "Yes precious. You are weak and defenseless against my female power. You crave to obey me and serve me, don't you slave?"

"Yes Mistress."

Tina stroked his cock a few times and milked out some cum onto her fingers. Joe watched wide eyed as she massaged his cum over her nipples, moaning in delight. She lowered a nipple to Joe's mouth. "Suck it naughty boy," she ordered.

Joe sucked and licked his cum off her nipple. Tina moaned and then placed the other nipple in his mouth. While he sucked, she commented, "Lick up your cum bad boy."

Joe thought Tina was going to erupt in an orgasm just from him sucking her tits, but she eventually pulled away. She got off of Joe and retrieved a ball gag. It was a round ball with an elastic string attached to it. She held it up to Joe's mouth.

"Open up slave," ordered Tina.

Joe opened his mouth and she inserted the ball. The ball had a small hole in the center, which Joe could use to breathe through. Tina secured the elastic band around his head tightly. Then she stood back and said, "Bondage can be quite pleasurable slave. Why don't you move around a bit and test out your restraints."

Joe tried to move his arms and legs. Tina had secured them tightly, but he was able to make small movements. With each movement rope pressed into his ass. As he struggled to move he could feel the rope sliding over his cock and tightening around his balls. Joe enjoyed the sensations and soon learned the right movements that would bring him pleasure.

Tina encouraged him, "That's it....feel your restraints, bring yourself pleasure....If it feels good let me hear it baby.."

Joe struggled more and moaned into his gag. He could see that Tina was getting aroused from watching him struggle and pleasure himself.

Tina continued her encouragement, "Mmmm...yes...you are such a slut....fuck that rope Joe....enjoy it.....try to give yourself an orgasm baby....you've got 1 minute."

Joe was completely aroused. He bucked hard trying to bring on an orgasm. He created as much tension as he could on the ropes in order to feel pressure in his ass and around his cock. He could feel an orgasm building. Then suddenly there was a hard slap on his cock. At the same time Mistress Tina yelled, "Stop!"

The sudden slap and firm ordered caused Joe to freeze like a trained dog. He was breathless and exhausted from struggling with the ropes. Mistress Tina traced his cock and nipples with the riding crop that she just used on Joe. It brought more pleasure to Joe.

"That was very good slave. It's so exciting to see you struggle against my restraints. So horny...so desperate...yet so helpless."

Tina traced the crop over his cock, causing cum to drpp out. "This is so drippy. I need to do something about that."

Tina brought a q-tip over to Joe and removed one of the cotton ends. Then she firmly held Joe's cock and circled the bare end of the q-tip around the tip of his cock. His cock was extremely sensitive and more cum dripped out.

Tina whispered, "yes, we need to plug this up."

Then without warning she slowly inserted the bare end into Joe's pee hole. Joe started to flinch. He became nervous at what was happening. Tina held his cock firmly and said, "hold still slave, I don't want to hurt you. Just relax."

Tina could sense the fear in Joe's eyes. Her pussy quivered from the reaction. She loved the control she had. She loved to see a strong man looking so vulnerable and helpless. She pushed the q-tip all the way in until the cotton part rested on the tip of his cock. The control she had over her slave was incredible and arousing. She did not hide her arousal. It would only be a matter of seconds before her body would be overcome with orgasm.

She moved ontop of Joe so that one of his legs pushed into her dripping pussy. She clenched her pussy and whispered into Joe's ear, "You're all mine slave. All plugged up for me...." Her orgasm started to flow through her body, ".....ohhhh...yess...I control you sweetie....you are helpless and at my mercy..." Tina's body pressed hard against Joe. She humped his leg and let the pleasure overtake her.

Joe was a little freaked out from the q-tip, but he was too aroused to care. Mistress Tina's whispers and orgasmic state put him in an erotic subspace. Being completely bound, gagged, and plugged up was strange and thrilling. He was desperate to cum. He moaned into his gag. He could feel the pressure building in his cock.

Joe was glad when Tina removed the q-tip. A gush of cum oozed out of his cock. Mistress Tina said, "I'll give your cock a little break slave. I know it's hard to get used to that. I have more surprises for you Joe. More ways to keep you helpless and under my control. You are doing great so far."

Next Tina brought over a small nose clip, similar to what swimmers use. She placed the clip on his nose, blocking off all air from entering his nose. This forced Joe to have to breathe through the small hole in the ball gag.

The sudden reduction in air caused Joe to panic and his breathing became rapid and he bucked against his bonds. Tina leaned close to him and whispered, "Shhh. darling. Relax. Concentrate on your breathing."

Eventually Joe was able to calm down and get his breathing into a steady rhythm. Tina traced his lips with her finger. "Good boy. Keep focusing on your breathing. It's less air than what you're used to but you can manage. You know it's been said that a person reaches heightened arousal when there is less oxygen to the brain......Of course that is not the only reason I'm doing this..."

Tina traced her tongue over Joe's lips. Then she whispered, "It's also a way for me to control you. Just think of the control I have over you now Joe.....one little hole control's your breathing. Ever hear of the kiss of death....."

Tina leaned in and kissed Joe. Her tongue nestled onto the ball gag covering the hole and taking away Joe's breath. Joe struggled against his bonds and yelled into his gag, but Tina kept kissing him. Eventually she stopped. She stared into his eyes with a deep erotic and devilish look. Her hand stroked his cock keeping him hard and aroused. Then she repeated her kiss, controlling Joe's breath with the simple flick of her tongue.

Tina continued stroking Joe's cock and controlling his air flow. Despite the dangerous and helpless situation he was in, Joe found himself to be highly aroused. Through Tina's masterful teasing and dominance, he had reached the mysterious world of subspace, where there is no common sense and where men erotically react to things without knowing why. Joe was sexually charged from being at the mercy of this hot, seductive, and dominant Mistress..

After a few minutes of teasing, Tina added to Joe's helpless predicament. She placed thick earphones over his ears which blocked out all sound and then she blind folded Joe. He was completely helpless and isolated. All was quiet until Joe heard Tina's voice through the earphones. Her voice was soft and soothing.

"Hello my helpless slave. I've guess you figured out by now that I am all about control. Mmmm. My pussy gets so wet when I am control. You probably haven't realized it but I've already had several orgasms since I've tied you up. Mmmm they've been simply delightful.

You've been such a good sport about it too. It usually takes several sessions before I get a slave to the point where you are right now. I could tell from the start that you could handle this. You are such a slut....desperate for control...so weak in the presence of a superior female...so needy for attention..."

Joe heard her words and knew that she was right. He thought of how different he was from when he first met Miss Lori. With Miss Lori he had resisted everything and was in denial about his submissiveness. She had masterfully seduced him along and exposed him to a world that was addictive. Once he had a taste of it there was no turning back. Now, with Mistress Tina he easily and willingly followed her command. He craved her dominance. He was a slut and he could not control himself.

Mistress Tina lightly stroked Joe's cock. "You can not taste, you can not smell, you can not see, and you can not hear anything except my soft and sexy voice. With 4 of your senses blocked all of your focus and energies flow to the fifth sense, touch."

Tina slid a soft silk cloth over Joe's cock and balls. His body shuddered. Tina continued speaking softly while she rubbed the silk over his cock, balls, and nipples. Her voice was hypnotic. "Feel the wonderful sensations Joe...pleasure that can only come from me....It is so nice isn't it? You will learn to love being bound tightly and isolated.........feel the wonderful tightness of the ropes......focus on my voice.....the sound of it excites you....my voice is arousing to you.......Feel the pleasure that I give you...."

Mistress Tina's voice was hypnotic and kept Joe's body on fire with pleasure. He was experiencing an erotic high that was even greater than with Miss Lori. Mistress Tina stopped touching him, yet his body was still shuddering in pleasure. Joe felt something being applied to his cock. Then he felt a condom being rolled down his cock. He became excited thinking that Mistress Tina would ride his cock.

Mistress Tina's voice came through the earphones again. "This is my favorite part Joe. This is where I show you how much control I have over you. I will control your cock without even touching you. It is my cock Joe....my little robot cock."

Joe heard her giggle and then it was quiet. Suddenly he felt a pulse run through his cock. It felt good. Joe didn't know it but Mistress Tina was sending electric pulses through his cock using a Tens Unit, which is an electrical device used to massage muscles.

More giggling came through the earphones. Then Tina said, "Twitch Cock!"

Joe felt a stronger pulse run through his cock and his cock twitched.

"Twitch," she ordered again, and again his cock twitched from a strange sudden pulse.

The pulses started to come quicker and in a steady rhythm. It felt as if Joe was fucking someone. Joe moaned in delight into his gag and began fucking the air.

"Your cock is mine Joe. I control it like a little robot. I want my cock to cum right now!"

As soon as Tina finished her command, the pulses quickened, creating an intense fucking sensation all around Joe's cock. Joe could not hold back the cum, nor did he want to. He bucked against his restraints, fucking a phantom that Mistress Tina created. His breathing was hampered by the nose plug and ball gag, which caused him to be lightheaded. It put him in a euphoric state of mind and enhanced the effects of the orgasm. His body shuddered in pure delight. Hot cum filled his condom as he released all his pent-up sexual energy.

Tina let the pulses continue a few seconds after his cock stopped twitching. Then she watched Joe silently for several minutes. He struggled to catch his breath, but eventually calmed down. Without speaking she carefully rolled the condom off his cock, careful not to spill a drop of cum. She held the condom over the ball gag and squeezed it so that a small amount of cum dripped onto the gag, covering the air hole.

Joe was not aware of what she was doing since he was still blindfolded. When his air path was cutoff he instinctively tried to suck in air, causing his cum to be sucked into his mouth. He gagged on the unexpected hot cream. It wasn't until after he swallowed it that he realized it was his own cum.

Tina's voice came through the headphones, "Taste familiar Joe?"

More cum dripped onto the ball gag and again Joe gagged at the intrusion.

"Concentrate slave. It would be quite embarrassing if you were found suffocated from your own cum, while wearing panties."

Little by little, Tina drained his cum into the hole in the ball gag. When she was finished she said, "Good boy. That was a lot of cum. I'm going to remove the gag, but I want you to remain silent unless I ask you something, got it?"

Joe nodded his head in agreement.

Joe was happy to have the gag and nose plug removed. He felt much more comfortable. Tina removed the earphones but left his blindfold on. Joe felt her fumbling around with his cock, which had gone limp. He guessed she was putting a cock ring on him. Then he felt something hard slide over his cock. He was unsure what it was and he found himself getting aroused from the attention at his cock. As his cock swelled he felt a tightness around his cock. Joe groaned at the uncomfortable feeling.

"Relax," Tina said, "It's a chastity device."

Joe had never heard of a chastity device for men. Tina explained his predicament, "Usually after I play with a slave for the first time, I give him a choice to leave or continue to be my slave. Not with you Joe. I've decided to take ownership of you. I can see that you are a well trained slave. You will serve me good and will make a fine addition to my collection of slave boys and girls."

Joe was not sure how to react to this. Strangely he was excited at how Tina was taking control of him without his permission. He remained silent as Tina continued.

"You are mine now and will obey me. You will wear this chastity device until I can be sure about your loyalty to me."

"Yes Mistress."

Tina was pleased at his response. She stroked his balls as a reward. "Good. I want you to go home tonight and rest. I am done with you for now. I will contact you in a few days. Do not contact me. I am a busy mistress and will not be bothered by horny slaves until I'm ready."

"But what about the chastity device," asked Joe nervously.

"As I said, you will wear it until I remove it. It is locked on to be sure that you don't remove it. It is perfectly safe. You'll just have to pee sitting down, which is not a problem for a sissy like you."

Joe felt Tina tugging on the ropes around his wrists. She freed one of his hands. "I have to go see one of my other slaves now. You can free yourself. Take home the rope and toys that we played with and clean them up. Lock the door when you leave and don't touch anything in the apartment."

"Yes ma'am"

"And it's back to panties for you slave. I want you to wear panties everyday and pretty nightgowns at night."

"Yes Mistress. Thank you mistress."

Joe heard her leave the room. He remained still until he heard the front door close. It took him awhile to untie the web of ropes that Tina had spun. While he freed himself he thought about what had just happened. Tina was much more controlling and intense than Miss Lori, Miss Pam, and Miss Linda. He was a little freaked out when he was so helpless and isolated. However, he could not believe how thrilling and exciting the night had been. His orgasm was very intense.

By the time he finished freeing himself, Joe had rationalized that Mistress Tina was exactly what he needed. She had pushed his limits and taken him to the intense erotic world that he craved so much. He left her apartment, happy and looking forward to seeing her again. He knew it was going to be another exciting semester at college.

The End