Dominating Ken Pt. 01-04
byoneguy4fun©

Part 1: The Online Encounter

Story Overview

A thread of e-mails quickly blossoms into an erotic relationship of domination and humiliation between Ken and Karena. Karena develops a growing need for power and control while Ken finds himself drawn into a state of submission and inferiority.

*

Ken anxiously opened his e-mail to see if Karena had responded to his feedback. The night before Ken had spent hours skimming through her website and reading her erotic stories. Karena was the main character in most of her stories, which were centered on BDSM. Her stories evoked strong erotic emotions in Ken. So much emotion that Ken had quietly stroked his cock while reading them. Karena's character was a slut slave in one story, a mistress in another and a seductive tigress in another story. She bowed down to her master, she controlled other women, and controlled other men. Ken found all of the stories to be well written and very erotic. He knew the stories were fictional, but he couldn't help feel that he was getting to know Karena through her stories.

The story that appealed to him the most was a story about how she dominated an older man, humiliated him and forced him to serve her and please her. The story was called "Controlling John." It was this story that sent him over the edge. He stroked his cock until it could take no more and with loud moans his cock exploded and filled his hands with warm cum.

It was this excitement and reward that compelled Ken to give Karena feedback on her stories and so he wrote, "Loved your stories. They were very erotic and exciting. I have to admit that I masturbated to 'Controlling John.' Thanks for the great stories. I can't wait to read more."

Ken was not sure what her reaction would be. He had provided feedback to authors many times before. Sometimes he would get replies thanking him for the feedback and sometimes he would get no replies. One time his feedback led to a brief relationship where a woman dominated him through e-mail. However after a few weeks she mysteriously disappeared without a trace, leaving Ken disappointed and wanting more.

Deep down, Ken was hoping his e-mail to Karena would lead to a similar relationship. He knew the chances of that happening were slim, but his eyes lit up when he saw an e-mail from her. He read the email. "Hi Ken. Thanks for the feedback. It's very exciting for me to know that you got off reading my stories. Did you cum reading how I controlled John? I just love it when a man is at my beck and call <smile>. Have you ever served a woman before?"

Ken couldn't believe what he was reading. Not only did she respond to him, but she was also initiating him in conversation and talking dirty. He wasn't going to let this moment pass. He thought about his previous online mistress and wrote,

"Yes I did cum <blush>. It was exciting to read how you controlled John. I did have a short (3 week) relationship where a woman dominated me online. It was great, but then she suddenly stopped sending me e-mails. Have you ever dominated someone online?"

John clicked the send button. His cock was hard and throbbing in his pants at the excitement. He gripped his cock, enjoying the warm tight feeling. Then his email beeped and he looked up to see another e-mail from Karena. His heart skipped a beat at the realization that she was online. Over the next half hour Ken and Karena talked through email.

"Yes. I have controlled both men and women online. Tell me about your past experience. What did she make you do?" Karena was lying. She had never dominated anyone. She just wanted to have some fun with Ken. She thought it might give her some ideas for a new story.

"She made me do many things. I had to buy a dog collar and leash and wear them while I was online with her. I had to buy girl panties and wear them. She even made me eat my own cum (I can't believe I did it)."

"Did you like your cum? When was the last time you tasted it?"

"Even though I was alone, it was humiliating for me to eat my own cum. It wasn't as bad as I thought. I was surprised that my cock grew hard while I was eating it. It excited me to know that I was doing something so humiliating for her. I have not tasted my cum since I last talked to her, which was about 4 weeks ago."

"Poor little boy <frown>. You must be craving to taste it again. If you're a good little boy for me I'll let you taste some tonight. I bet you'd love that wouldn't you? I bet your cock is hard and dripping right now. Stroke it for me while you tell me more. What did she make you do with your dog collar?"

Ken was already stroking his cock when he opened Karena's e-mail. His heart pounded with nervousness as he read her words. He couldn't believe how aggressive she was. It was evident that she was taking control of the situation. Ken's submissive nature immediately surfaced and he was elated at the thought of obeying Karena. He did not want to upset her so he typed as fast as he could

"I'll be good I promise. My cock his very hard and I am stroking it. I am so horny right now. I don't like to eat my cum, but I'd love to eat it for you if that would please you <smile>. After I purchased my collar my mistress made me get a tag engraved with her name on it. Having her name attached to my neck made my submissiveness seem so much more real. Knowing that someone owned me really turned me on. The first night I put it on I masturbated like crazy. My mistress also made me fuck my girl friend doggie style and imagine that it was her that was fucking my girlfriend with a dildo. I came so hard that night!"

"You are such a doggie slut. You must be so lonely without a master. I bet you'd love to wear your collar for me. Wouldn't you like to have my name on your collar? Wouldn't you like me to train you and keep you as my own little puppy? If you beg me, maybe I'll take you in. How's that cock doing?"

Ken could hardly contain his excitement. He had to stop stroking his cock because he was becoming too aroused and he did not want to cum just yet. The thought of being owned by Karena made his cock throb and pulse. He couldn't wait to start begging. "Please! Please! Be my master Mistress Karena. I'm on my knees begging to you. My cock is real hard. I'm about to explode."

"More begging and reply faster! Will you do as I say?"

"Yes. Please train me. I'll do whatever you want!"

"Don't mess with me doggie boy. Will you be my slut? Will you give me control of your cock? Are you willing to be my little hand puppet? My dirty boy"

Ken was soo excited. He was not sure of the meaning of everything that she was asking, but he replied anyway. He was willing to let her do whatever she wanted. "Yes I am serious. I am your slut, your hand puppet and your dirty boy. You can control my cock and do whatever you want with it"

Karena's words came back fast and demanding, "Okay slut. Keep stroking MY cock but do not cum. Tomorrow, get a new tag for your collar and have it engraved with the words 'Karena's pet.' Do you still have your panties? Put them on now! You have 5 minutes! When you are ready, describe them to me."

Ken was thankful that he kept the panties. He jumped out of his chair and ran to his bedroom closet. He pulled a shoebox down from the top shelf and ran back to the computer with it. Ken opened the box lid and scanned his assortment of panties. He picked out his favorite pair and slid them on. They were purposely small, compliments of his previous mistress. He pulled the small garment over his balls and cock as best as he could. The soft girlish material sent shivers through his cock. Quickly he described them to her.

"I am wearing my panties now. They are pink nylon with pink and white ribbons on each side. They are girls size 12/14."

"Oohhh. Little girlie panties. I bet you felt like such a pervert buying them. Tell me about your shopping experience princess. Keep stroking my cock while you do this. Are you ready to cum little girl? Do you like being my princess"?

Ken nearly lost it when Karena called him a princess and little girl. He didn't know why it turned him on so much. The thought of being her princess, the thought of being treated so child like and feminine melted all sense of reality in his mind. There were a lot of things he could not explain. Prior to meeting his first online mistress he had never thought much about wearing panties but now he was becoming infatuated with them. He described his feelings to Karena.

"Mistress Karena, I love being your princess. My panties are so soft and feminine. They feel incredible against your cock. I am so horny. I am ready to explode! I was very nervous about buying the panties. When I agreed to wear panties, I had no idea my mistress would order me to go to a department store and buy little girl panties. A guy shopping at Victoria's Secret is not so unusual. However, it is rare to find a guy perusing the teenage panty selection in a department store. I was ordered to buy 5 pairs sizes 14 - 16.

I have to admit that buying little girl panties made the task seem so much more taboo and exciting. It took me about 10 minutes in the parking lot to calm myself down. When my erection finally subsided, I went into the store and found the teens section. I was extremely nervous and paranoid that everyone knew what I was doing. Thankfully the department was empty. After a few minutes of searching, I found a table with a variety of panties displayed. I wanted to just grab 5 pairs and go, but I had to make sure I got the right sizes. I began to sort through the panties. They were soft and delicate. I'm embarrassed to say that my cock started swelling in my pants right in the store. I had to fight hard not to get an erection. After a few minutes of sorting through the panties I discovered that there was no size 14-16. I had to buy either size 12/14 or 14/16. I assumed this was a test from my mistress or maybe the store just had odd sizes. I was glad that I actually went through with the task instead of lying about buying panties. I picked out a few pairs in each size and headed to the cashier.

The cashier was a young girl, probably a college student at the nearby university. I couldn't help but think that she knew why I was buying the panties. Especially since I was buying different sizes and different styles. I'm certain that I was blushing from embarrassment when she was ringing my order. I could even feel perspiration on my forehead from my nervousness. What really surprised me is that as I walked away from the counter my cock instantly grew hard. I had to hold the shopping bag in front of me to hide the large bulge in my pants. The whole experience was such a rush for me. By the time I reached my car I had a large wet spot on the front of my pants. I wanted to masturbate so bad, but I knew my mistress wouldn't like that so I restrained my emotions."

After Ken sent the e-mail he saw that there were two new messages from Karena. The first one read, "Where are you slut?" The second message was "Still waiting... I'm losing patience."

Ken was in a panic after reading the messages and realizing that it had been 15 minutes since Karena had first ordered him to describe his shopping experience. He didn't realize how much time he spent typing the e-mail. . He did not want to upset his new Mistress. Quickly he sent a reply.

"Sorry mistress. It took me a long time to write my response. Please forgive me."

Her reply was instant. "We'll have to work on your typing doggie boy. You've wasted enough of my time tonight. I'll have to read your long-winded response another time.

As punishment you may not cum tonight. Keep my cock in your little panties for the rest of the night. If you want to cum (and I know you do) get up at 5:00 am and start stroking my cock. I want you to stroke my cock for 5 minutes and then rest for 5 minutes. Keep doing this until 5:30 am. At 5:30 get online get on your knees and start begging me for release. I might just let you cum. Bye."

Karena sent her e-mail and logged off. The truth was that she was glad for his long detailed e-mail. She printed it out and took it into her bedroom. Ken was not the only one that was hot and horny. Karena got in bed and read his e-mail. Her left hand slid beneath her silk nightgown and found its way into her wet pussy. She closed her eyes and imagined what Ken looked like. She imagined him in bed with his cute little panties and a raging hard on. She imagined him being frustrated all night and on the verge of cumming from thinking about her. She liked the thought of controlling his orgasm and ordering him around. Her thoughts suddenly dissipated at the approach of an intense orgasm. Her fingers pushed deep into her pussy, her muscled tensed, and she let out several high-pitched moans. Then she relaxed and fell into a deep sleep.

Karena's thoughts were not far from reality. Ken was on the verge of orgasm and could not believe that Karena was not going to let him cum. He wanted to jack off anyway, but then he calmed down and decided to follow her orders. Although she was not there in person, he wanted her dominance to be as real as possible. Ken spent most of the night with a hard on. He was extremely horny from wearing the smooth panties and could not keep his mind off of what had happened. Several kinky and perverted fantasies played out in his head as he thought about what she would make him do.

He finally managed to fall asleep around 2:00 am only to be awoken a few hours later by his pestering alarm. It was no surprise that he had a morning erection. Like a good slave, he followed Karena's instructions to a T. Lying in bed he stroked his cock for 5 minutes and then rested for 5 minutes. He was so horny that after the first 5 minutes he was on the verge of cumming. By the time 5:30 came around, he was desperate for release. All he could think of was cumming, so it was easy to beg. He logged onto his computer, got on his knees and started typing.

"Good morning Mistress Karena. I am extremely horny from last night. I really need to cum. Please let me cum. Please! Please!"

Ken waited in anticipation for her response. Finally after a few long minutes it came. "Are you wearing panties? Are you on your knees? Did you sleep well in your panties? A little more begging doggie boy."

"Yes and yes. I wore my panties all night. I did not sleep well because I was so horny. All I could think about was you and how exciting it is to be your doggie boy and to please you. Please let me cum. I will be so good for you. Please!"

Karena laughed out loud at his pleading. She could tell he was desperate. She decided to give him release, but not without a little fun.

"Do you want to be a slut and do slutty things for me? Are you ready to show me how much of a slut you can be? Are you my slut boy? Beg like you mean it!"

It seemed the more she asked of Ken, the more he wanted to do for her. He wanted to please her. He wanted to be a slut. He felt a strong urge to do kinky and perverse things for his mistress. "Yes. Please! I am your slut boy. I want to do slutty things for you. I am on my knees typing and my cock is so hard. If you were here now I would kiss your feet. Please let me do slutty things for you. Please let me cum!"

"Mmmm. I like little boys at my feet. That's where you belong. You have been a good dog boy. It pleases me to know that you thought about me all night. Be a good pet and fetch another pair of your panties dog boy. Wrap them around your little cock and use them to masturbate. Better get the larger size, because your going to have a lot of cum. I want you to cum all over the inside of the crotch. Don't spill any or you'll be licking it up! Let me know when you are done. You have 5 minutes <LOL>."

5 minutes was not going to be an issue for Ken. He pulled a pair of plain purple panties out of his box of panties. They were girls' size 16 and the fabric was a smooth soft nylon. He placed the crotch of the panties over the tip of his cock and pushed the remaining fabric down around his cock. He gripped his panty-covered cock firmly and began to masturbate. The nylon was smooth and felt incredible against his over sensitive cock. Almost immediately cum started squirting out of his cock. Globs of cum covered the small and narrow crotch. By the time he was done, the insides of the panties were completely covered in his goo. In less than two minutes he was typing his reply.

"I'm done mistress. Thank you soo much. There was a lot of cum. It was fantastic. Thank you!"

"Soo fast slut! You are such a pervert, cumming into little girlie panties. You need to learn to control that pathetic little cock. We'll work on that later. You've got a punishment to finish young lady. I want you to put on the panties that are filled with your cum. Pull them up nice and tight around your balls so you can feel the mess that you made. Wear them to work today just like that. Understand?"

Mistress Karena's continuous references to Ken as a little girl were eating away at his mind. Ken was beginning to think of himself as a little girl. It was a very strange feeling. His cock twitched at the perverseness of what was going on. Although Ken wanted to please Karena, he did not really want to wear the dirty panties. "Mistress. Please don't make me do that. I don't want to sit in my cum all day."

"Why not? Is it disgusting?"

"Yes."

"Well then maybe I shouldn't let you cum again. Is that what you want sweetie?"

"No. Of course not!"

"Well then show me what a good little slut your are and pull up your dirty panties. I bet your little girl cock is hard right now, isn't it sweetie? You really do like wearing your cum panties for me don't you?"

Ken didn't want to upset his mistress so he reluctantly pulled up his cum filled panties. Miss Karena knew him too well. By the time the soaked panties were pulled up tight around his balls, his cock was hard as a rock. Ken experienced a confusion of emotions. He felt so dirty and humiliated, yet he was extremely aroused. For some strange reason he was enjoying being forced to wear panties and forced to sit in his own cum. In defeat he replied to Miss Karena

"O.K. Mistress. My panties are on. They are very wet and sticky and you are right, my cock is hard."

"Of course it is hard. That's because you are a horny slut and you are my dirty girl boy. You are a hand puppet that will do anything to please me, isn't that right slut? Let's get you into a routine. You must wear your panties all day at work. You may change into a clean pair before you go to bed tonight. I want you in panties everyday this week, got it?

Throughout the week I will give you little tasks or assignments to do. Each night before 9:00 you will send me an e-mail describing how your assignment went and how you felt doing the assignment. Make sure you are wearing panties and stroking your cock while you are typing. No cumming unless I say so!

Every morning at 5:00 am you will get up and put your collar on with my name on it. Keep those panties on too. You will get on your hands and knees like a dog and begin to stroke your cock: 5 minutes of stroking and 5 minutes of rest. No cumming! At 5:30 check your e-mail for your daily assignment. Understand?"

Ken found himself feeling more submissive and excited as he read Miss Karena's e-mail. She was much more demanding than his first mistress. Ken was not a morning person. The idea of getting up a 5:00 am did not appeal to him but he was committed to making this relationship work. He replied back to Karena, thanking her for being his Mistress and agreeing to her routine.

PART II BRINGING OUT HIS FEMININE SIDE

Ken dressed in casual attire at work. That morning he chose black khakis' and a gray polo shirt to wear. He figured the dark pants would hide his excitement and any dampness that might seep through the panties. During the drive to work, Ken's cock remained hard and throbbing. He had never worn panties out in public before and the danger of being discovered thrilled him. 

A combination of tiredness and horniness made it hard for Ken to concentrate at work. He was a graphic designer and spent most of his day behind a computer in his office. However, on this day, he spent little time doing graphic design and a lot of time daydreaming. He had a constant hard-on throughout the day from thinking about Miss Karena and what she would make him do over the next few days. By 10:00 am he noticed a wet spot on his pants from precum. He snuck into the men's room and did his best to dry the spot. Throughout the rest of the day Ken struggled with controlling his erotic thoughts and daydreams. It was an impossible task and he was constantly trying to dry his pants. Finally at the end of the workday, with little accomplished, he slipped away and into his car. He could hardly wait to tell Miss Karena about his day.

Karena logged on at 7:30 pm and an email from Ken was already waiting for her. She chuckled at his eagerness. An hour and a half before the deadline. He must be really horny and desperate she thought. He was very detailed in his descriptions. Karena's pussy quivered as she read about how he was a horny dog all day and could not stop thinking about pleasing and obeying her. She was pleased at his obedience and she could tell that he was becoming very submissive to her. The last few lines of the e-mail were nothing but him thanking her and begging to be allowed to cum. She also chuckled to herself at his desperateness. She was amused at the wet spot on his pants. With that in mind, she typed up his assignment for the next day and put it in her tickler file to send at 5:30 am.

At 5:30 the next morning, while Karena was sound asleep, Ken received her e-mail. His cock was hard and throbbing and dripping from cum from his morning masturbation routine that Miss Karena ordered him to do. He was praying that he would be allowed to cum. Her e-mail read:

"Poor little girl, did you wet your panties? Does mommy need to spank you for not controlling yourself? <LOL>."

Ken's cock twitched at how she spoke to him like a little girl. He continued to read.

"You are quite a horny baby girl aren't you? Is that all you can think about is cumming? After sitting in your cum all day aren't you sick of it? You really are a dirty boy. Only a pathetic man would do something so disgusting. You must really love cum. Yes, you're my little cum boy. I will let you cum later today. First I want you to get dressed for work. Since you are having a little problem with wetting your pants, I want you to get some saran wrap and cut out a square - 2" on each side. That should be enough to cover your little cock head and cum hole. You get the idea. Use a pink ribbon to hold the saran wrap on. Tie it in a pretty bow for Mistress Karena. This should keep that nasty precum from seeping out. . If you have to remove the saran wrap to pee, then I want you to lick it clean. Get all that cum off before you put it back on.

After lunch today you may cum. I want you to do it in your office cum boy. That's right slut. I want you to stand in your office in your pretty teenage panties and wank away. When you are ready to cum, catch it in your hand so that you can eat it all up. We don't want your co-workers discovering your dirty little secret so make sure you lick up any cum that spills. Let me know how it tastes cum boy... and you better tell me that you loved it! Don't bother wasting my time by replying to this email now. I'll await your e-mail tonight."

Ken was frustrated that he could not cum right away. He was certain that Miss Karena was going to let him cum in the morning. Now he had to wait until the afternoon. He wasn't even sure if he could go through with the task of doing it in his office. He just had to wait and see.

The Saran Wrap was a great idea. Ken went to the kitchen and cut out a small square just as he was instructed. Luckily he had some pink ribbon left over from gifts that he had wrapped earlier in the year. With a swollen cock, the square of saran wrap covered just the head of his cock. Ken tied the pink ribbon below his cock head, securing the saran wrap in place. He tied it in a cute bow as instructed. Ken looked down at his cock and thought it looked silly. The pink bow made him feel a little more feminine and added to his aroused state.

At work it became increasingly harder for Ken to concentrate on his duties. All he could think about was his mistress and the perverted things she was making him do. Ken couldn't believe how far he was letting this game go. He was a normal guy with a successful career and a normal life. A few months ago he would never have guessed that he would have a pink bow tied around his cock and would be wearing panties, especially little girl panties. The thought of eating cum would have never even crossed his mind. Yet, here he was in panties and a bow and his cock was hard all morning. At least the Saran Wrap had stopped the precum from seeping through to his pants, or "wetting his panties" as Miss Karena called it.

About mid morning Ken had to pee. He spent five minutes behind his desk, willing his hard-on to go away. Finally when it shrunk to an acceptable size, Ken made his way to the bathroom. Thankfully no one was using the restroom. He went into s stall so that no one would see him. Ken unzipped his pants and his cock popped out and instantly grew hard. The panties were so small they barely covered his balls and the base of his hard cock. The Saran Wrap was drenched in precum and easily slid off the tip of his cock. Ken held the moist plastic to his mouth and licked away like a kid licking the chocolate off a candy wrapper. He felt a little ashamed thinking about what he was doing, but he could not stop himself from obeying Mistress Karena's orders.

Peeing with a hard-on is no easy task. Ken spent the next 5 minutes trying to get his cock to shrink. He thought about sports and some of his favorite songs. A stream of gooey liquid escaped the tip of his cock and dripped into the toilet as it shrunk. Finally he was able to pee. He replaced the plastic wrap over his cock head and retied the pink bow. Tying the pink bow reminded him of his mistress and how she referred to him as her little girl. By the time Ken pulled his panties up, his cock was hard again. Ken didn't realize the sexual teasing he would endure just from going to the bathroom. He wished he could make himself cum right there and end the torture. Instead he tried to get his mind off all sexual thoughts in order to alleviate his hard-on. Eventually he calmed down and made his way back to his office. Ken could not believe that it had been a half hour since he first left to go pee. He couldn't wait to jerk off and cum in his office in the afternoon.

To prevent an embarrassing situation from "popping" up, Ken avoided people as much as possible. He ate his lunch in his office with the door shut, so as not to be disturbed. Ken's balls were swollen and ready to burst. He could not wait much longer to cum so he wolfed down his food. When the last crumb was in his mouth he checked the door to ensure it was locked and lowered the shades in his office. His chest was thumping hard at the excitement and fear of being caught. He quickly lowered his pants, slid his panties down to his thighs, and removed the plastic from his cock head. The Saran Wrap had sealed in his precum, leaving his cock head lubricated. Ken used his fingers to massage the wetness into his cock. Each stroke of his hand caused more precum to leak out. I no time at all Ken's cock was well oiled. Heavy breathing and sticky squishing sounds filled his office. When Ken felt the surge of orgasm rising from his balls, he cupped his hand in front of his cock. The moment of triumph finally came. The first squirt was powerful and shot over Ken's hand and formed a long white streak across the table in his office. Ken reacted quickly and caught the rest of the warm spurts in his hand. The cum was very liquid and it dripped through his fingers, coating his hand and falling onto the carpet. He quickly brought his hand up to his mouth and slurped down the cum as fast as he could. Like a good slut he licked his fingers clean of his creamy goo. He was glad the he finally had release.

Ken had slurped the cum down so fast that he did not pay much attention to the taste. Miss Karena's e-mail was specific about ordering him to describe the taste. Ken suddenly realized how clever Miss Karena was. It was humiliating enough to eat his own cum, but to have to describe its taste added so much more to the humiliation. Cum was not part of his normal diet, so he was not sure how to describe it. He noticed the glob of cum that splattered on his table. He bent down and licked it up with his tongue. He swished the goo around in his mouth like a wine connoisseur, savoring the taste. Ken wrote down on a piece of paper, "Creamy and a bit salty. Not too bad."

Karena logged on at 9:30 and read Ken's recap of the day. It was very long and detailed. She could tell that Ken was following her orders perfectly because of the detailed descriptions of his actions and his emotions. It gave her a sexual rush to know the power she had over Ken. She played with her nipples and rubbed her pussy as she read about his sexual frustration.

Karena had started toying with Ken just for fun. She was an avid reader and writer of bondage and domination stories, but she never practiced it in real life. However, she was discovering that the more she toyed and teased Ken, the more it turned her on. His humiliation and submissiveness were stirring up dark desires within her. She could tell that he was struggling with the whole feminization idea. He was obedient but she sensed that he was confused at his emotions. Karena had read a lot about female superiority and the dominance of men. She knew that his emotions were typical for a man. She knew that ultimately men desired to serve women and be like women. It was these thoughts and emotions that fueled dominant and perverse desires in Karena. She wanted more from Ken. She had to take full control of his mind and body. Karena typed up the next assignment

"Did you stroke your cock today? Are you wearing your collar and panties in the morning? You have been such a good little cum slut. Cumming in your office and eating it....how naughty and nasty! What would your co-workers think if they knew about this? I can tell you love the taste. If you're good, I let you have more.

It pleases me to know that you follow my orders and think about me all day. Sounds like you have a little problem keeping that cockypoo down. Don't worry slut, since you've been such a good girl, I'm going to help you. Today I want you to put your panties on and tuck that little cock down between your legs. Stuff a sock or handkerchief down there to keep it in place. Make it so there is no bulge in your pants. No standing when you pee. I want you sitting down like a little girl, got it! Don't forget to put on your saran wrap and pretty ribbon so that you don't wet your panties.

Your assignment for today is to go buy a dildo in the shape of a cock. It better look and feel real. Describe it to me and e-mail me a copy of the receipt as proof. No cumming today. You need to control those nasty urges."

It was 5:30 am and Ken had just finished his masturbation routine. He was now stroking his cock and reading Miss Karena's e-mail. He was happy that Miss Karena was pleased with his obedience. His cock twitched knowing that he was being her good little girl. When he read her orders about putting his cock between his legs and sitting down when he peed, his cock seemed to throb harder. He couldn't believe that she really wanted him to act more like a girl. His masculinity screamed 'No!' but his mind was already beyond normalcy. She had an influence over him that was hard to understand. Her assignments were so perverse and humiliating, yet so exciting to Ken.

Ken's excitement was hard to contain as he got ready for work. He took an extra cold shower in order to make his cock shrink so that he could push it between his legs. Ken imagined that it was quite a humorous sight to see him with a bow tied around his shrunken cock, struggling to pull up tiny pink cotton panties over his thick muscular thighs. When he finally pulled them up, he pushed his cock down between his legs. The gusset of the panties was so narrow and tiny that his cock poked out the bottom. Ken struggled with the panties for a few minutes until he finally managed to get his cock folded back and balanced perfectly on the narrow cotton strip. Then he pushed a balled up handkerchief down the front of his panties so that his cock would stay in place. He pulled up his pants and stared at his crotch. There was no bulge to be seen.

Ken was impressed at the cleverness of Mistress Karena's idea. Not only did it hide his bulge, but also it prevented him from getting an erection. It was actually quite a torture for Ken. When he started to walk the sides of his thighs brushed against his cock, creating a warm stimulating feeling. Ken's cock started to swell and grow. His bent cock was like a kinked hose. It strained against the tight panties but could not grow. It was painful and prevented Ken from getting a hard-on.

Although it was uncomfortable for Ken, he was able to be more productive at work. Whenever erotic thoughts would enter his mind his cock would start to swell and push against the tight panties. With no room to grow, it would become painful for Ken and he would instantly forget about his erotic thoughts and his cock would shrink again. Without an erection he was able to concentrate more on his work.

Trips to the bathroom were still a major event. He would enter a stall and pull down his pants. The instant he pulled his panties down his cock would pop out grow into a full erection. It was as if he had no control over his cock. He would remove the pink ribbon and plastic wrap from the tip of his cock and then spend a few minutes trying to calm himself down so he could sit down a pee. Ken was surprised that even without obtaining full erection, precum found its way onto the saran wrap. As if Miss Karena were standing over him and watching him, he would obediently sit there a lick the plastic wrap clean while he sat and peed. The thought of him peeing like a girl in front of his Mistress would excite him and his cock would start to grow again. By the time his was done peeing his cock would be hard and pressing against the cold porcelain on the front of the toilet. It would take Ken another 10 minutes of concentration and struggling to get his cock pushed between his legs, complete with the Saran Warp and pink ribbon.

On one of his pee trips, Ken's boss sat in the stall next to him. Although it was a not out of the ordinary for this to happen, Ken became very nervous and paranoid about being discovered. He sat there as quiet as could be for about 15 minutes until his boss finished his business and left. Events like this resulted in Ken spending 2 – 3 hours of his workday in the bathroom. He hoped nobody at work would notice and question him about it.

The workday finally passed without any embarrassing incidents. Ken couldn't wait to get home and set his cock free. On his way home he stopped at a risqué lingerie & novelty shop to complete his assignment. The lingerie store was on his route home and he knew that it carried a selection of adult toys. He found the shopping experience to be a bit embarrassing and humiliating. He described it in his e-mail to Mistress Karena that night.

"Hello Mistress Karena. As instructed I purchased a dildo that looks and feels like a real cock. I could feel my face blush with embarrassment as I looked over the assortment of dildos. I was very paranoid that the workers and customers were staring at me and laughing at a guy shopping for a dildo. I did find one that I am sure you will be pleased with. I can't believe how realistic it looks. It is flesh colored and has a realistic head, shaft, and balls. It is flexible and feels soft but firm. It even vibrates.

I almost purchased some other items to try and lessen the embarrassment of walking up to the counter with a rubber penis in my hand, but then I thought you might be upset if I did that. I purchased just the dildo. I'm sure the cashier got a good laugh from me. I know I was red with embarrassment. I could feel perspiration on my forehead from being so nervous. The funny thing is that <blushing> my cock was trying to swell and grow during the whole shopping experience. I do not understand this Miss Karena. I am not gay but I became so aroused from picking out a realistic penis. I guess doing something so humiliating for you is what excited me. Thankfully my cock could not grow hard because of the way it was held between my legs. I've attached a copy of my receipt to this e-mail as proof of my purchase."

Ken re-read his email and then added a few paragraphs describing his workday. He thanked Karena for her idea of putting his cock between his legs. Ken described how he initially had a hard time getting his cock to stay between his legs and that it popped out a few times during the day. He told her that despite the uncomfort, he was more productive with his cock between his legs. He even admitted feeling very feminine without a bulge in his pants and from having to sit down and pee. Finally he ended the e-mail by describing how horny he was and begging for release. Satisfied with his e-mail, Ken scanned in a copy of his receipt, attached it to the message, and hit 'send.'

Karena was online when Ken sent the message. It was Wednesday night and she felt like having a little fun with her slut boy. She opened the e-mail and saw that it was a very long detailed accounting of his day. Karena wanted to make sure Ken stayed online so she typed a short message.

"Hello princess. Quite a long message there. I'll need a few minutes to read it. I want to play so don't go away. Start stroking that cock until you hear back from me. No cumming."

Ken was elated to get such a quick response and he was even more excited to know that she wanted to play. He replied to let her know that he was there. "Okay Mistress. I'm already stroking my cock and will continue to stroke it until I hear from you. I am wearing blue cotton panties, size 15. They are sparkly and covered with Teddy's Bears."

Karena chuckled at his response. She couldn't believe that a grown man was so aroused by wearing sparkly pre-teen panties for her. Before Karena read the e-mail she opened the attachment to view the receipt. She knew he would follow her orders. The real reason to she wanted the receipt was to identify the store location and the clerk# that rung up the order. Karena thought it would be fun to humiliate Ken by making him repeatedly go back to the store and buy perverted things from the same clerk. She made note of the clerk# to compare against future receipts. Next she checked the store location. Karena felt like she hit the lottery when she discovered the address of the store was in Atlanta, Georgia. She only lived an hour away. The wheels in her mind started spinning wildly at the opportunities this presented. This was only supposed to be an online relationship but she was becoming addicted to the domination game and she wanted more. With Ken living so close there was no doubt in her mind that she had to take it to the next level and physically dominate and control Ken. She knew that Ken was testing the waters online and would be reluctant to a face-to-face meeting. She had to carefully build his trust and pull him into her world. A plan was already forming in her mind. Within the next week or two, Ken would be her little toy to play with and do as she pleased.

Ken had been stroking his cock for at least 5 minutes with no response from Karena. It had been almost 2 full days since he had an orgasm. Normally this was not a big deal. However, with all the masturbating and perverse things that he was doing, he was extremely horny. All he could think about was cumming. His swollen cock was pulsing and twitching in his hands. He felt an orgasm building and so he stopped stroking in order to calm down. Then a message came through

"Still stroking that cock slut?"

"Yes mistress. I did have to stop for a minute to calm down but I am stroking it now."

Karena was impressed with his honesty but she remained firm. "Did I give you permission to stop?"

Ken thought he did the right thing. He was confused. "No. but if I didn't stop then I would have started to cum. I couldn't help it."

"Naughty boy. You need to control that cock if you want to be my little princess. Did you like your cock between your legs? Having that little girl pussy made you think clearer didn't it?"

"Yes mistress. Without a hard-on I was able to get more work done. Thank you."

"Oh princess, that little cock of yours does get in the way of your thinking doesn't it? You would be so much more intelligent without a cock. That's why women are superior to men. That's why I need to control your cock. You are learning little boy. Isn't it better when it's not hard?"

Ken's arousal was extremely high from the combination of stroking his cock and from Karena's increasing dominance over him. His prolonged arousal was affecting his thought process and turning his mind into mush. Ken found himself feeling more inferior to Karena. He couldn't help but agree with her. "Yes I can concentrate better when it is not hard."

"Then maybe you should keep your girl pussy. Would you like that princess?"

Karena's reference to his cock as girl pussy and her continued reference to Ken as a princess stirred strange erotic emotions within Ken. Mentally he was breaking down into a submissive little girl. He really liked it, but it scared him. His ego didn't want to be pushed over that easily. He had to offer a little resistance. "It is a little uncomfortable. I'm not sure if I can do it all the time."

Karena was not about to let her slave get away. "What makes it uncomfortable?"

"Whenever my cock swells it becomes painful. Also, my cock doesn't always stay in place so I have to keep readjusting myself."

"You just need to control those perverted thoughts? You'll get used to it. Would you like big girl panties to make it more comfortable? Ask mommy nicely."

Ken was surprised and excited at how Karena did not back down. She seemed to attack at his ego even more by making him feel like a little girl that had to ask mommy for permission. He fell into a deeper submissive and erotic state. All he wanted to do was please mommy. This role-playing seemed taboo and perverse. Ken's cock was ready to explode. "Big girl panties would be nice. Please mommy may I have big girl panties. I'll be a good girl."

"Will you keep that little girl pussy for mommy?"

"Yes mommy I will."

"Maybe this weekend we'll get you into big girl panties. For now I want you to keep wearing those little girl panties for Mommy. Maybe you should get some lipstick and nail polish? That might make you feel like a big girl don't you think?"

Ken was being feminized by the minute. In a normal state of mind this would seem silly to him, but he was in a strange erotic zone. He wanted to please his mistress. He wanted to please mommy. So far everything he did was private between him and his mistress. He was getting nervous about having to wear lipstick and nail polish. "I will wear them for you mommy but please don't make me wear them in public. I don't think I can do that." Ken couldn't believe he was pleading like a little girl.

"I understand sweetie. Mommy knows what's best for you. Put the lipstick on in the morning. A bright pink and glossy color should make your lips look real pretty, don't you think sweetie? When you arrive at work you can wipe your lips clean. Not until you get into the parking lot, understand?"

"I understand mommy. Thank you. I'm still a little nervous but I will do it. Pink and glossy should look very pretty."

"I'm sure you will be fine princess. As for the nail polish, you must wear it all day. You can buy clear polish so it won't be as obvious. This should make you nice and pretty without giving away your secret. Buy it tonight so you can wear it tomorrow, got it? Is your little pee-pee hard?" Karena had purposely referred to his cock as a pee-pee to further reduce is ego and bring out his submissiveness.

"I will buy it tonight mommy. My pee-pee is very hard. I am still stroking it. I really want to cum. Please may I cum?"

Karena was pleased at how Ken naturally conformed to her vocabulary. It was more confirmation of her superior image to him. "Not yet sweetie. You better stop touching it so you can calm down a bit. I see from your e-mail to me, that you spend a lot of time in the bathroom at work. Not very productive is it?"

"I can't help it. I am so horny. It takes a long time for me to calm down so I can sit and pee. It also takes me awhile to get my pee-pee back in position. I wish there was a better way."

Karena knew what he was talking about, but she wanted him to elaborate. She had a devious plan in the back of her mind. She just had to set the trap. "A better way for what?"

"ummmm... I guess a way that I could control my cock from growing hard. It takes so long for me to calm down when I pee. Also, sometimes it pops out of my panties during the day and it takes awhile for me to get it back in."

"Hmmm. So you are saying that you need something to better control your pee-pee, is that right?"

"Yes."

"And you want this because you can be more productive at work without erections?"

"Yes. "

Ken was falling right into her trap. "I'm glad you see what a nuisance your pee-pee is. Mommy knows best. Would you like a special gift from mommy to help you?"

"Yes, mommy! What is it?"

"It's a surprise darling. Send me your address and I will mail it to you."

Ken became concerned when her read her email. Corresponding online was easy because it was anonymous. He was starting to trust Karena, but the truth was that he did not know her that well and so he was paranoid about giving out his address. Ken contemplated what could happen if he gave her his address. It could end up as a fatal attraction, he thought. He really wanted to please her and he was so horny that he almost gave. He managed to muster up a little self-control and not give out his address. He tried to be as honest as possible. "I want to please you soo bad. And I'm dying to see your surprise for me but I'm not sure that I can give out my address. I would prefer to remain somewhat anonymous. Is that O.K. mistress?"

Karena was a quick thinker and very creative. She was ready for this response. She continued to spin her web of dominance and manipulation. "Don't you trust me sweetie? Haven't I taken care of you so far?"

"Yes, I trust you and you have been so great to me so far. I'm just a little nervous about giving that information. I'm not ready."

"That's okay princess. I respect that. In time you will be ready. Mommy knows best so here is what I want you to do. Go to any post office and register for a P.O. Box. This will keep your address confidential to me. E-mail me the address as soon as you have it. Can you handle that honey?"

Ken was again impressed at her creativeness and thoughtfulness. He decided that he could get a PO Box at the post office near his work, which was in a different town from which he lived. With that roadblock out of the way, suddenly the idea of receiving something from his mistress seemed so exciting. The possibilities of what could happen were endless. Ken really wanted to cum now. "Great idea mommy. I can handle that. I can't wait to get my surprise. Can I please cum now? My balls are aching from all the excitement?"

"Not yet honey. Hold on just a little longer. Let's talk about your shopping experience today. It was very naughty buying a dildo wasn't it?"

"Yes. It was more humiliating than buying the panties."

"I would think that a slut like you would be used to shopping in those types of places. You are a slut aren't you?"

"Mistress, I am a slut, but I've never shopped at those places before. I guess I never got up the nerve to do it."

"Well it's a good thing you met me. Sluts like you really need those types of stores. Don't worry; you'll get to know that store very well. You said your pee-pee was trying to get hard when you were buying the dildo. Why do you think that happened?"

"I don't know. I'm not gay but I'm so horny. It's a little confusing for me to understand why I was aroused."

"Your not gay but your are my little girl aren't you?"

"Yes I am your princess."

"...and girls like cocks don't they?"

"Uh...<gulp> I guess....yes girls like cock."

"Then that explains it princess. Now you know why your girl pussy was getting excited."

Karena's words were confusing Ken. She was manipulating his thought process. By referring to his cock as a girl pussy it didn't seem so wrong to Ken that he got excited. He justified in his mind that he was playing the part of a little girl, and the he had a girl pussy and that made it alright for him to get excited. "Yes. I guess your right. My girl pussy was excited about buying a cock."

"Well there's nothing wrong with that. You've been a good girl today. We'll play with that toy cock another time. Are you ready to cum for mommy?"

"Yes mommy! Please, my balls are aching!"

"Poor baby girl... your little balls and pee pee are sore. I bet rubbing them will make it all better. You can cum BUT only after you put on your lipstick and nail polish, got it?"

Ken was sexually frustrated. That meant he had to get dressed and go to the store. He wasn't sure if he could wait that long. "Please let me cum now mommy! I don't think I can wait that long."

"Do as your told or you will be punished. When you cum, make sure you eat it and lick it all up. Bye princess."

Ken wanted to obey his princess so he quickly got dressed and headed to the store. It was late so he drove to a drug store that was open 24 hours a day. He found the cosmetic aisle and quickly picked out a pink glossy lipstick and clear nail polish. He thought it would seem strange to the cashier that a guy would be buying just cosmetics so late at night, so he added a few other items to his order to make is non conspicuous.

At home Ken stripped down to his panties and let his hard cock stick out. First he applied the clear polish to his nails using the small nailbrush. He couldn't help but feel very girlish from applying the polish and this excited Ken. When he was finished he held up his hands to admire the clean shiny look of his nails. He was impressed at how nice his nails look. Next he moved infront of his bedroom mirror and carefully applied the glossy pink lipstick to his lips. His cock swelled and throbbed in his panties as he stared back at his image and saw wet glossy lips. He could not wait to cum. Ken stood and masturbated with his girl panties, pretty nails, and pink glossy lips. He was horny and felt so perverse and kinky. His cock swelled and exploded. Ken was quick to catch the cum with his hands and slurp it up. He was glad to finally get release, but ashamed at what he had done. A few months ago, the thought of dressing like a girl never crossed his mind. Now he was becoming obsessed with it. He loved being Karena's princess and cum slut. All he cared about was pleasing her. He felt shame for what he had just done, but he knew he would do it again and enjoy it more and more. He knew that his life was starting to change.

In the morning, Ken woke up and repeated his masturbation routine. As usual he was ready to cum by 5:30 am, but he calmed himself down instead. He reapplied his lipstick and logged on to his computer. Ken checked his e-mail and found a brief note from Karena.

"Good morning princess. I bet you look so feminine and pretty in your lipstick and nail polish. Don't forget to leave the lipstick on until you arrive at work. Have a great day."

Ken was glad it was a short message. He logged off and started dressing for work. He covered he tip of his cock with the saran wrap and pink bow. Then he pulled on a pair size 12 purple panties and pushed his cock back between his legs. Ken noted that with all the new things he had to do it was taking longer to get ready for work. He was starting to understand why it takes a while for women to get dressed. This sudden insight chipped away at Ken's boyhood and made him feel a step closer to women. He couldn't help but feel a little more girlish in his mind.

On the way to work, Ken was very paranoid about wearing the lipstick. He only had to wear it for the car ride but he wondered whether other drivers would notice the lipstick. He was very conscious about this and he felt as if his lips were glowing in bright neon pink. His heart was beating fast when he pulled into his company's parking lot. He prayed nobody would see into his car and notice his lips. When he parked he quickly wiped the lipstick off his lips. Carefully he inspected his lips in the rearview mirror to ensure there was no trace of pink left behind. When he was satisfied he headed into work.

Once again Ken spent the day avoiding people so that he would not be caught in an embarrassing situation. He kept his hands out of sight as much as possible in hopes that nobody would notice his nail polish. At noon time he went to the local post office and opened up a P.O. Box. To the post office clerk, it was probably a routine transaction. However, to Ken's surprise his cock started swelling when he was at the counter. The thought of receiving a special gift from his mistress was exciting. Receiving a tangible item from his mistress would bring a new dimension of reality to his situation. These thoughts invaded his mind and he had no control over his cock. It just swelled and pressed against his pre-teen panties. Ken couldn't believe how a normal everyday activity of going into a post office could turn into a sexually arousing event. Karena really did have control over his cock.

Ken made it through the day without incident. He returned to his car, reapplied his lipstick and drove home. At home he immediately logged on and e-mailed the PO Box address to Karena. It was Friday night and Ken was exhausted. He spent a quiet evening at home and went to bed early.

DOMINATING KEN – PART III DOG TRAINING

When Ken logged on Saturday morning there was a message waiting for him from Karena. It read

"Good morning puppyslut! You've been a good girl this week. It's time to put away your panties and lipstick and put that collar to use. This weekend you will be my little puppy. Are you ready to be trained dog boy? If so give me a good loud bark."

It took Ken a minute to figure out that Karena was online and waiting for him to reply. His face lit up with Joy when he realized Karena was going to play with him. He replied back "BARK!"

Immediately he received his instructions for the day.

"Be a good pet and do the following:

1) No panties this weekend but keep the pink bow as reminder of your desire to be as good as a female. Lose the saran wrap this weekend. You need to learn to control that little pee-pee from leaking.

2) Wear your collar and nothing else at all times when you are home. You may take off your collar and wear clothes if you go out but you must change back to dogboy as soon as your return.

3) Get yourself a dog bowl. This weekend you must use this to eat and drink at every meal – starting with breakfast this morning. Remember you're a dog, no hands or utensils. Imagine that I am standing there watching you eat.

4) At least once on Saturday and once on Sunday, you must pee like a dog. That's means outside and on all fours. Find a tree and lift that hind paw nice and high dog boy.

And of course you must continue to stroke that pee-pee every 5 minutes from 5 –5:30 every morning. No cuming! If you are a good dog boy then I'll let you buy big girl panties. Wouldn't that be nice dogface?"

Ken was extremely horny and ready to cum by the time he finished reading her instructions. Karena knew how to keep him on edge and continually keep their relationship unpredictable and exciting. He was glad that he met Karena. He was nervous about doing some of the things and he was extremely concerned about having to pee like a dog. He lived in an apartment complex and there was no private area to do this. Ken wrote back.

"Miss Karena I am very excited to be your puppyslut. I want to please you and will do what you ask, but please don't make me pee outside like a dog. I live in an apartment complex and somebody will surely see me. I don't want to get arrested or offend anyone. Please don't make me do this."

Karena was amused at his response. She imagined him sitting at his computer panicking. It thrilled her to know that she was evoking such strong emotions in her little pet. Her pussy throbbed with excitement as she typed. "You are such a beggar puppyslut. Puppies pee outside all the time without getting arrested. You have a collar and leash and you are my puppyslut aren't you?"

"Yes. I am your puppyslut."

"Then you have to pee outside. Silly puppy, you don't have to pee at your apartment complex. You can find a private area somewhere else but you must remain as dogboy while you look for your private place. That means you must be wearing your collar without any other clothes. Understand?"

"I'm still not sure if I can do that. Please don't make me do it. Can I please wear clothes? What if someone sees me naked when I go to my car?"

His pleading was fueling her desires even more. Her dominant side was in full force. She wanted to push him a little to see how committed he was. "I give the orders here! Do it dogface or your will be punished! If you are too weak to handle this then maybe we should end this relationship. Is that what you want?"

"No. Please I don't want it to stop Mistress. I am sorry. I will do it"

Karena smiled when she read his response. The power that she had over Ken was exhilarating. Knowing that he was willing to force himself to do something so humiliating just to please her was a sexual rush for Karena. Her fingers were already exploring the insides of her swollen pussy. They squeezed and pumped her wet throbbing hole. Karena was on the verge of orgasm. Her heightened arousal made her want to push him even more. "That's better pet, but now I have doubts about your ability to obey may orders. I want proof. I want you to take a picture or video of yourself peeing like a dog. You don't have to show your face, but I want to see your paw lifted and I want to see pee coming out of that little thing of yours. I want to see the collar on your neck with my name on it. You have till noon today to send me the proof or you can find yourself another Mistress! Get to work dogface! Don't bother replying to this e-mail until you have the proof."

Karena sent the e-mail and resumed playing with her pussy. Sitting infront of her computer, she pushed four fingers in and out of her love hole while her other hand pinched her nipples. She arched her back and her whole body was filled with spasms of pleasure. It was a great way to start off her weekend.

Meanwhile, Ken was reading Karena's e-mail. He was very nervous about his task and extremely paranoid about having to send pictures. Who knows where those pictures could end up, he thought. He didn't want to do it, but he also did not want to stop his relationship with Mistress Karena. He was having too much fun and he was enjoying being horny all the time. Eventually, he reasoned that since his face did not have to be in the picture it wouldn't be that big of a deal.

Ken figured it would be difficult to capture the right picture with a digital camera so he decided to use a video camera. Ken stripped off everything and put on his collar and leash. He gathered up his camera and stood at the front door. He glanced out the window a few times to see if anyone was around. He didn't see anyone but he could not get up the nerve to go outside. He was surprised at how hard his cock was. The thought of doing something so risky and perverse for Karena excited him. After about 10 minutes he decided he couldn't follow her orders completely. He was afraid of being discovered naked by his neighbors. Ken went to his room and put on a robe. Then he opened the door and quickly made his way to his car. He was positive no one saw him. Quickly he drove out of the parking lot with his heart beating in his chest and his cock throbbing between his legs.

Ken stroked his cock while he drove around looking for a private spot. He couldn't believe he was going through with his assignment and he couldn't believe how aroused it made him. His hand was getting sticky from all the precum seeping out of his aroused cock. Ken was very conscious of the collar and leash that he was wearing. He thought of how Karena had referred to him as his puppyslut and how she referred to his leg as a paw. Strangely it all excited him. He wanted to cum so bad. He couldn't wait to get permission to cum from Mistress Karena.

Ken finally came across a section of thick woods. He turned down a small side road and parked his car on the side of the deserted road. Ken removed his robe, grabbed his camera and headed into the woods. He couldn't believe what he was doing. He was walking through the woods naked except for a dog collar and leash and he was about to get on all fours and pee like a dog. It was so weird, yet so arousing. When he came across a small clearing in the woods he set-up the camera on a tripod, positioning it so that it pointed at the base of a tree. Ken knew it would be hard to pee with an erection, so he spent the next 10 minutes trying to make his cock shrink. When his cock finally shrank to about half its size, Ken hit the record button and quickly crawled over to the tree like a dog. He lifted his leg and began to pee. This perverse and humiliating act excited him so much, that his cock grew hard, causing his pee to briefly squirt upward and hit his stomach and chest. He felt so dirty and shameful, but he could not ignore his arousal. He knew he would look forward to doing the same thing on Sunday.

Before Ken left, he viewed the tape in the camcorder to ensure that it captured everything. Watching the tape, he thought he looked silly peeing like a dog. The camera caught everything perfectly. The stream of pee was clearly visible. Satisfied, Ken packed up the camera and headed home.

At home Ken loaded the tape on his computer. He was going to freeze a few frames and just send Karena the pictures but he felt proud at what he did for Karena. He wanted to really please her so he e-mailed the whole video clip to Karena, without even editing out his face. He stayed online for a few minutes to see if she would reply. No reply came and his stomach started to growl. It was 10:00 am and he had not eaten breakfast. His hunger reminded him of Karena's weekend rules. He had to get a dog bowl. Ken got dressed and removed his collar. It was thoughtful and considerate of Mistress Karena to allow him to go out in public without his collar and leash. He was growing emotionally attached to his Mistress.

At the pet store Ken settled on a gray bowl that was divided into two compartments – one for water and one for food. At home he changed back into his leash and collar and cooked up scrambled eggs. He scraped them into the left compartment of the bowl and filled the right compartment with water. Then Ken proceeded to get on his hands and knees and eat and drink his breakfast without the use of his hands or utensils. He felt like a dog, lapping at his water and biting at his food. He imagined mistress Karena standing over him telling him he was a good puppy. His cock was hard and twitching at the perverse situation. It was a little messy but Ken managed to clear the bowl of everything.

A few minutes after noon Ken logged on to see if Karena had e-mailed him. Just as Ken logged on a new message popped up from Karena. It read, "I'm downloading your file dogface. Stay online if you are there."

Karena was expecting pictures and was pleasantly surprised at receiving a video clip. He did a perfect job at taping the scene. The video showed a great view of his balls and cock and his pee. She enjoyed watching his cock grow right in the middle of his peeing. She even got a great view of his face when he crawled to and from the tree. Although he was on his hand and knees, she could tell that he was tall with broad shoulders. He was not all muscles but he was a big strong man. It was silly to see such a big man acting so submissive and dog like. He was her pet and she controlled him. She was pleased with who her pet was and how he submitted to her. Karena fingered herself as she watched the clip over and over again. What excited Karena the most was the fact the he was peeing like dog because of her. He was humiliating himself and doing perverse things to please and obey her. This dominant power was becoming more addictive and exciting to Karena by the minute. Feeling very dominant and pleased, she sent an e-mail to Ken.

"Great job dog boy. I knew you could do it. Mistress Karena knows what's best for you. I knew you were a puppy slut. How pathetic that your little pee-pee grew hard while you peed. I guess you really like being a dog. Don't feel bad, it was meant to be. All men are animals deep down. All men should spend time on all fours. Did you obey my orders and wear your collar and chain while you drove to your pee spot?"

Ken was hoping she would not ask about this. He could lie about wearing the robe, but he felt he needed to be honest with her. "Mistress, I did enjoy peeing like a dog for you. I am so horny and I want to cum really bad. I did wear my collar and chain as instructed, but I have to admit that I did not go naked. I wore a robe to my car. I know that you know what's best for me but I just couldn't take the chance of being seen by neighbors. Please forgive me."

Karena was impressed with his honesty. She wanted to let him know that, but she also wanted him to know that he should obey her. "Well dogboy, I'm glad you were honest with me. However, you did not follow my orders so you still need to be punished. Since you did such a great job with the video and you were honest, I will go easy on you. As punishment you must do the following:

Go back to the same store where you bought the penis dildo and buy yourself a leather cock and ball strap. Send me a copy of the receipt. Make sure the same clerk rings up your order! After you purchase it ask to use the restroom, then go and put it on. Take the package that it came in and your shopping bag back to the cashier and ask if she can throw it away for you. I want her to know that you couldn't wait to try on your new toy. Think of this as your cock collar. It must remain on at all times. Wouldn't it be nice to have a dog tag for this collar? I think so. Buy the same color and style tag that you have on your neck collar. Have it engraved 'Karena's little cock' and attach it to your cock harness. Complete this task by Sunday night, got it?"

Ken though the punishment was harder than what Karena was implying. He knew it would be very difficult and humiliating for him to go through with the punishment but he did not want to anger her any more so he willingly replied, "Yes. Mistress. Thank you for going so easy on me."

"Very good puppy. I'm feeling generous right now. You may cum into your dog bowl and lick it up like a good pet. Get started and let me know when you are done."

Ken didn't waste anytime. He stood infront of his bowl and masturbated. He balls were swollen and full of cum. He aimed his cock at the bowl and stroked away. He wanted to take his time and enjoy the pleasure, but he was so horny and excited at the chance to orgasm that he could not control himself. His cock bulged in his hands and large squirts of cum shot into the bowl. It was a long intense orgasm that shook his whole body. Every inch of his skin vibrated in ecstasy. This was probably the most cum that Ken had ever produced from an orgasm. The bottom of the bowl was completely covered in cum. Ken hopped down on his hands and knees and lapped it up. He was beginning to enjoy the taste of cum. When he was finished he e-mailed Karena thanking her and letting her know that he was done and that he licked up all his creamy cum.

Karena replied, " Good boy cum puppy. As an extra bonus you can sleep in tomorrow and skip you morning masturbation routine. Keep following my weekend rules. I've spent enough time with you this weekend so I don't want to hear from you until Sunday night."

Ken was a little disappointed that Karena was signing off for the rest of the weekend, but it was probably for the best since Ken had a few orders from Karena to carry out. He was nervous about his punishment. However he decided not to procrastinate because it might take him a few trips to the novelty store to catch the same sales clerk. His instincts were right. It took two trips to the store for him to find the same sales clerk.

On the first visit, he browsed around the store for about a half hour looking for the young college girl. He could not find her, but he was able to find a cock and ball harness that fit Miss Karena's description. He remembered its location and left the store. On the second visit to the store, he recognized the sales woman immediately. Her presence immediately evoked erotic feelings in Ken. His cock swelled in his jeans as he made his way to the display of harnesses. He was extremely scared and hesitant about following Miss Karena's orders but he had already decided to just go through with it as quickly as possible.

Ken made his way to the register with his cock and ball harness. His cheeks were already burning with embarrassment. The young sales girl cheerfully greeted him and rung up his order. With his eyes cast downward, Ken meekly asked if there was a restroom he could use.

She replied, "Our restroom is not public, but its empty in here and you seem like a decent guy so go ahead and use it. It's through the back door and to the left."

Ken thanked the girl and navigated to the restroom. In the restroom he dropped his pants and pulled out the harness. It was leather with several straps and silver snaps. He had never worn any type of harness on his cock before. It took him a few minutes to figure out where all the straps belonged. One wrapped tightly around the base of his cock, another strap circled just above his balls forcing them downward and a third strap attached to the front and back of the second strap, separating his balls to each side. After 15 minutes of struggling with the straps and snaps, he finally had the harness in place. Now his cock and balls felt very tight and confined. It seemed to force more blood into his shaft, making his cock feel even harder and more sensitive. Ken enjoyed the constraining feeling and was glad that his mistress made him get a harness.

Ken's cock was oozing precum from all the maneuvering of his cock and balls to get the harness on. Mistress Karena's training was paying off because Ken instinctively scooped up the precum with his finger and licked it up. He was quickly developing the habits of an obedient slut boy. After licking up the last drop of precum, he pulled up his pants and walked out of the restroom. Ken tried to remain calm as he walked towards the sales clerk with the empty product box and shopping bag. He walked slowly but he could not control the warm red blush from spreading across his face. He could not control the large bulge in his pants and he could not hide the humiliation in his voice. "ah...miss... could you throw this away for me please." Ken held out the trash.

The sales clerk's lips formed a knowing smile and then shot an accusing look at Ken. She did not take the trash from him "You didn't make a sticky mess in the bathroom did you?" Her gaze glared down at the large bulge in his pants.

Ken's worst fears had come true. He knew the sales clerk would figure out that he put the harness on. He was hoping that she would be as embarrassed about the situation as he was, and just let it go. Instead she was confronting him about his perverted action. He was unsure what to say. His humiliation multiplied and he felt vulnerable and inferior infront of this young woman. He could not look her in the eyes. With eyes cast downward he uttered, "uh...uh...no...I didn't do anything. I just put it on. Sorry"

Ken wanted to run out of the store, but she continued the dialog. Her tone was more curious and bit mocking. "No need to apologize then." She took the empty box and trash and glanced back at the bulge in his pants. "You seem to be enjoying it. How does the harness fit your cock and balls?"

Never in his life did Ken imagine that he would be describing the feel of a cock and ball harness to a young sales clerk. A week ago he didn't even know such a wonderful contraption existed. "Umm. Good I guess. It feels a little tight."

"That's the way it's supposed to be. I'm glad you like it and I hope you get a lot of use out of it."

Ken thanked the girl and turned to leave. Just as he approached the door the sales woman shouted out his name. "Mr. Carlson!" Ken tuned around, astonished at how she knew his name. She was staring down at his receipt which he left in the bag. Since he paid by credit card his name had printed on the receipt. "You better keep your receipt in case you have any problems." Ken walked back to the counter and took the receipt. She also handed him a small bag and gave him a flirty smile. "Here's a little something extra for you Ken. My name is Miss Jen. Please come again."

He thought it was odd that a younger girl would introduce herself to him using the salutation "Miss." It implied that she was superior and commanded respect. However, he was still embarrassed and flustered from the whole situation so he just thanked her and left the store.

He got in his car and opened the small bag from Miss Jen. It contained a small rubber cock ring. Ken was extremely horny and aroused so he decided to put it on. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his throbbing cock. Gently he pushed the ring over his penis head and slid it down his shaft. He pushed it down until it rested against the cock strap that he was already wearing. Now he had double the pressure at the base of his cock. Ken left his cock hanging out as he drove. He headed to the pet store to pick up the tag for his cock collar. On the way to the store he had trouble controlling his urges. He continually stroked his sensitive and swollen shaft. Precum kept oozing out and he used it to lubricate his rod. He stroked himself to the brink of orgasm and then stopped. He repeated this several times enjoying the self torture. He pulled and tugged on the cock and ball harness. The tightness and tugging on his balls caused pleasurable sensations that almost sent him over the edge. He was mad at himself for not controlling his urges because now he wanted to cum so bad but he did not have permission. Ken pulled into the parking lot and calmed himself down.

Thankfully the pet store had a self service engraving machine so he didn't have to ask someone to engrave the word's "Karena's little cock." He put his money in the machine, typed in the word to be engraved, and selected a red dog bone shaped tag which matched the one for his neck collar. The machine quickly engraved the tag and dropped it into a slot for Ken to retrieve. Ken was excited to have another physical object that tied him to his Mistress. Little by little his online relationship and fantasies were creeping into reality. Ken picked up the tag and reviewed the engraving. His cock twitched and swelled in his pants when he read the words. Satisfied with the result he quickly went to his car.

Ken could have waited until he got home to put on the tag. However, he was so aroused and horny that he could not wait. He moved his car to the back of the lot, away from the other parked cars. Then he undid his jeans and slid them down to his thighs. He attached the thin metal loop on the tag to the cock strap that went between his balls. The shiny red metal accented the leather harness perfectly. Ken felt a stronger sense of submissiveness with the tag attached to his cock and balls. The tag was symbolic of Karena's ownership of his cock. It was her cock to do with as she pleased. She controlled his orgasms and she controlled his pleasure. Ken wished she were there in person to see the tag and order him around. He wanted to cum so bad. He rushed home to tell Karena about his morning experience and to beg to be allowed to cum.

Sunday morning Karena logged on to check her e-mails and was amused to see several from Ken. The first e-mail contained a copy of his receipt for the cock and ball harness. Karena verified that the store address and clerk# matched the receipt from his dildo purchase. She also noted that his full name and credit card number were on the receipt. She chuckled at the opportunities this presented. Next she read his detailed accounting of how humiliated and embarrassed he was from putting the on harness in the store's bathroom and having the sales girl confront him about it. He noted that the sales girl called him back into the store because he forgot his receipt and that she gave him a free cock ring. It ended with him begging for permission to cum. Karena became aroused and horny knowing that he was doing all of this because of her. She could tell that he was following all of her orders and that was sexually aroused from it all.

The second e-mail contained a video clip of him peeing like a dog. Karena noted that it was the same location that he peed before and that he instantly grew an erection once he started peeing in front of the camera. She could tell it was a different video because now he was wearing the leather cock and ball harness that he just purchased. She was impressed that he was already wearing it. His balls looked so tight in the harness. Karena's arousal intensified and she started to finger her pussy in her panties. She watched the clip several times imagining that she was ordering him to lift his leg and pee like a dog. She wished she were there to pull him around on his leash and make him bark at her command.

After Karena viewed the clip a few times she finally read the accompanying text from Ken. It was more begging for permission to cum. It read

"Please Miss Karena may I cum. I have been a good puppyslut for you. I am very horny and don't think I can last longer. Please let me cum. My balls are so full they are aching. Precum has been leaking out of my cock all day and I have been licking it up like a good slut. I need release. Please let me cum."

Karena was thrilled to know that he licked up his precum without an order from her. She knew that men do not like to eat their own cum and that they only agree to it when they are aroused and on edge. He was learning to be a good slut. His words and begging were desperate and pathetic and they intensified Karena's pleasure. She closed her eyes and cupped three fingers inside her cunt. She pressed and squeezed her clitoris causing her body to shudder. She was ready to cum but first she wanted to read his last e-mail.

Her sticky hands controlled the mouse and she opened the next e-mail. This one contained more begging and a close-up picture of his balls and cock bound in the leather harness. A red tag dangled below his balls and she could clearly read the engraved words "Karena's little cock." Karena was glad she read this e-mail last because it sent her over the edge. The tag was evidence that she owned and controlled his cock. Knowing that a tag with her name on it was attached to Ken's balls caused an erotic spasm in her mind. She felt like a supreme queen ruling over Ken. For a moment her mind left the earthly world and found a new erotic dimension. Her pussy clenched around her fingers. She humped her fingers and screamed in ecstasy as warm tingling waves coursed through her body.

When her emotions returned to normal, Karena assessed her situation with Ken. She had strong control over Ken even though he was not there in person. He was on edge and his prolonged arousal was affecting his thoughts and sense of normalcy. She knew this because of the increasing number of mistakes or risky exposures he was allowing. When they first met he was cautious about letting personal information slip out. Now he was sending pictures with his face visible and he had inadvertently sent her his full name and credit card number. Karena had read a lot about female supremacy and how women could control and manipulate men by teasing them and keeping them on the brink of orgasm. She had always wondered how much truth there was in what she read. Now she knew that it was all true. Ken could not think straight and was increasingly relying on her for direction. This pleased Karena. Her pussy quivered from the knowledge.

As Karena became more infatuated with her dominance, her expectations of Ken began to grow exponentially. At first she kept in touch with Ken for mere amusement. Then she began to enjoy controlling him and figured she might eventually try a face-to-face session with him. Now she wanted more than a face-to-face session. She wanted to control him indefinitely. She wanted to make him her slave...her boy toy...her sissy slut. Her plan for this was already in motion.

Over the weekend she purchased a male chastity device which she planned to mail to Ken. His e-mails were desperate and it sounded like his cock was ready to burst so Karena knew that she had to get the chastity device to him immediately to prevent him from losing control. She was sitting at the computer staring at the box when an idea hit her. She decided to give Ken a little treat for his obedience. She pulled off her purple cotton panties, which were drenched with her girl cum. She rubbed them along her pussy to soak up as much of her juices as possible. Then she put them in a Ziploc sandwich bag. The panties were so wet that she could see moisture streaks on the inside of the plastic bag. Karena slid the bag inside the box with the chastity device. At 7:30 that night she logged back on. She knew Ken would be waiting.

"How's my puppslut?"

"Very very horny. Did you get my e-mails mistress? Can I please cum?"

"Naughty dog! Is that anyway to greet your mistress? Didn't I tell you I didn't want to hear from you till tonight? Let's see...first e-mail from dogface arrived at 2:00 pm, second e-mail from pee-pee dog at 3:00 and third e-mail from my pathetic pet at 3:30 pm. Are we a little desperate poochie? Do you need a lesson on following directions?"

"Sorry Mistress. I am desperate. My cock and balls are full of cum. Being your doggie boy has really made me horny. I need release."

"Dogface you are pathetic. A grown man naked and peeing like a dog is so ridiculous. The things men do when they are horny. You enjoyed it too and I have the proof! What would your friends and family think if they knew your dirty little perversion? Don't worry your secret is safe with me. I know how pathetic men really are. You like being my doggie boy don't you? Stroke your cock and tell me how much you like it. Don't forget to lick up any precum that leaks out of that little doggie wiener."

"I am stroking my doggie wiener for your mistress. It is very leaky from being so full of cum. I really need to cum. Please let me cum. I know it's pathetic, but I can't help it. I like being your dog slut. I like peeing for you."

"Of course you do because your are a man and men are dogs. I noticed you peed in the same spot, just like a real dog would. You marked your territory like a true animal.... Like a pathetic man dog. You are a natural. Bark for me dog!"

"BARK! Bark! Bark!"

"Good boy. No cumming just yet. Do you miss your panties slut or would you prefer to be dog boy?"

"Whatever you wish mistress. It excites me to do these slutty things for you."

"Good answer pet. I think its time to get you back in panties. We can't have you wearing a dog collar to work can we? We don't want your co-workers finding about your dirty little secrets do we? Are you ready for big girl panties? Ask me nicely and I might let you wear them.

"Thank you for keeping my secret safe. I am ready for big girl panties. Please Miss Karena, may I wear big girl panties? I will be a good girl."

"How nice. You have been good princess. You may return to your favorite store and buy 5 different pairs of panties. They should all be silk and very feminine and girlish. Buy at least 2 thongs. Since you're going to be a big girl you can start wearing a bra. Pick out a sexy red bra to match one of the panties you are buying. While you're at it get a matching garter belt and white stockings. That should make you look nice and slutty. You know the routine: same clerk and send me the receipt got it?"

Ken was very nervous about this. He was not sure if he liked where this was going. Wearing panties was humiliating but it was also exciting and something had had often fantasized about. He never imagined himself wearing a bra and garter belt and he really did not want to do it. He didn't even know what size or type to get. He did not want to upset his mistress so he simply replied. "Yes mistress. Thank you."

" It seems that you are making quite an impression on your sales clerk. Pay close attention to her at your next visit. I want to know what she looks like. Hair color, eyes, height, body type, etc. I want to know her name and take a guess at her breast size. How's that cock doing? Ready to cum?"

"My cock is so full and leaky. I'm am ready to cum. Please may I cum?"

"Stroke it a little more for me slutboy. Rub your finger across the tip and massage that nasty pre-cum into your shaft. That's right, I want your little clitty nice and wet sissyboy. Bring yourself to the edge and then stop touching your cock and beg me for release. Don't be a wimp either sissyboy. You better last at least 5 minutes before e-mailing me."

Ken was already close to the edge and his hands were already sticky because he had been stroking his cock ever since he logged on. Five minutes was going to seem like an eternity. He concentrated on milking out his precum and rubbing it over his cock head and shaft. He imagined it as his clitty that he was masturbating. The wet lubricated sensation was incredible. He slowed down his stroking and concentrated on not cumming. Ken wanted to go at least 6 minutes to prove to his Mistress that he was not a wimp, but he couldn't make it. As soon as 5 minutes was up he stopped and e-mailed his mistress.

"Please please let me cum. I am right at the edge. My cock is twitching. I need release please mistress!"

Karena was delighted with his begging but she was feeling wicked. She replied "Such pathetic begging sissy. I like the way you plead for my permission like a cheap whore. You have cum a long way slut but I need to take you to the next level. I want you to suffer for me. Will you do that for me slut? Of course you will because I own you and your pathetic cock. No cumming tonight. Suck it up and suffer for me. Can you handle it?"

"I will suffer for you mistress because I know it pleases you. I don't know if I can last much longer without release. How much longer must I wait?"

"Pathetic whore. All you can think about is cumming. Your next cum date is for me to decide. You will get a surprise from me sometime this week. Check your PO Box daily and e-mail me when you get it. Do not open the package without my permission."

Ken was excited to know that a surprise was on the way. "Yes. M'am. Thank you."

"You're welcome slut. Tomorrow I want you back into your little girl panties. Tuck that pee-pee between your legs like a little clittie. Don't forget to do your nails and wear your lipstick on the way to work. You may change into your big girl panties when you purchase them. Follow your daily routines but don't e-mail me until your package arrives."

PART IV KEN'S SHOPPING TRIP ADVENTURE

Monday morning Ken was so horny and nervous about his new assignment that he could not bring himself to go to work. He was not going to be able to calm his nerves until he went to the store and bought his big girl items. He did not want to dress like a girl but the more he thought about it the more excited he became. He did not know why he was experiencing these strange erotic feelings. In his current state of mind he would not be able to concentrate at work. He woke up a 5:00 am and called in sick to work. Then he applied his clear nail polish and his pretty pink toenail polish. He put on a purple pair of little girl panties, size 14. All of this girlish preparation quickly shifted his mind from dogboy mode to little princess mode. He was feeling feminine and girlish. He thought about how this would probably be the last time he wore little girl panties since Miss Kareena was allowing him to move into big girl panties. This made the day seem a little more special and exciting for Ken.

Although Ken was not going to work, he still put on the glossy pink lipstick. He decided that he would wear it while he was at home. Dressed like a cute teenage girl, Ken started his masturbation routine. He was finding it increasingly difficult to stroke himself for a half hour in 5 minute intervals without cumming. About half way through his masturbation session he had to stroke his cock very slowly and lightly in order to prevent himself from cumming. He managed to control himself but not without a lot of cum leaking out. At one point he brought himself so close to the edge that a stream of warn cum poured into his hands. It was a strange moment for Ken because he had no control over the cum that poured out. He had never experienced this loss of control before. He did not orgasm and it was not pleasurable. It was just an overflow of cum building up in his cock and balls. Ken licked it up quickly before any could spill on the floor.

Next Ken logged on to check for messages from Miss Kareena. He was hoping she would allow him to cum today. Ken was disappointed to find that Miss Kareena had not sent him an e-mail. He stayed on line for about 10 minutes hoping that a message would come into his inbox, but nothing came. After that, Ken spent most of the morning online researching bras. He was very nervous about his assignment and he wanted to make sure he at least knew what the different sizes meant. In his aroused state he found himself lingering on the websites which had beautiful women modeling their bras. Instead of having his pee-pee pushed between his legs like a pussy, he had his cock pointing out of his purple panties and he was stroking it.

Ken eventually found a website which explained bras and had instructions for girls on how to determine their bra size. Unfortunately he didn't have a tape measure so he couldn't determine his size. Ken decided that he would just guess.

In the early afternoon Ken headed out on his mission. He figured the store would be empty on a Monday afternoon, thereby eliminating some of his public embarrassment. Ken entered the store and it was empty. Unfortunately Miss Jen was not around so he could not complete his assignment.

One of the sales girls approached him. "Hello may I help you sir."

Ken nervously answered, "I...aahh....is Miss... I mean is Jen working today?"

The young sales girl smirked back at him. Emphasizing the salutation, "MISS Jen is not here today. She'll be into tonight. Is there something I can help you find?"

Ken did not know if she was being sarcastic to him or if everyone referred to her as Miss Jen. From the amusing and somewhat superior tone of her voice Ken sensed that his slip of the tongue clued the sales girl in on his situation with Miss Jen. He quietly mumbled. "um...no thank you ma'am. I'll just stop by tonight."

"Whom may I tell Miss Jen to expect tonight?"

Ken was a little caught of guard at this request. He was hoping to get by without being noticed. "Ken. My name is Ken."

The sales girl smiled and playfully looked into his eyes. Her tone was sensual and teasing. "Well Ken, I'll let her know you stopped by. If there's anything you need in the meantime, let me know. You may call me Miss D." The sales girl turned and walked away.

Although the situation felt a bit awkward for Ken, he was becoming braver in the store. Instead of blushing and rushing out of the store, he decided to browse around. He saw tables full of panties on sale. He saw racks and racks of bra's and lingerie. Even with the research he had done on bras, he was clueless. The huge variety of styles and sizes were overwhelming. He was definitely going to need help, but he was embarrassed to ask. He was in deep thought when Miss D interrupted him.

"Excuse me Ken. As luck would have it, Miss Jen called and I mentioned that you were here looking for her. She would like to speak to you."

Miss D led Ken to the front counter and handed him the phone. Ken picked it up unsure of what to expect. "Hello."

Her voice was sweet, "Hi Kenny. So you're back again. Did you like my little present? Are you wearing the cock ring now?"

Ken was wearing the cock ring. Miss D was standing nearby. He lowered his voice because he did not want her to hear. "Yes I liked your present and I am wearing it now."

"I can barely hear. Please speak louder. How does it feel?"

Ken raised his voice slightly. "It feels great. It makes my cock feel extra hard and sensitive."

"Mmmm. That's what I like to hear. Is your cock hard now?"

Ken's cock was straining hard against his panties from talking to Miss Jen. Had it not been bent back through his legs like a pussy, it would have been hard as a rock. He wasn't sure how he was going to explain this to Miss Jen. "No.. not really."

Miss Jen pressed him for more information, "Not really. What's that supposed to mean. I would think a pervert like you would be hard as a rock right now. I know you came back into the store to buy something slutty. I bet you're somebody's sissy-boy. You are a sissy-boy aren't you? You're wearing panties right now aren't you?"

Ken suddenly felt nervous and embarrassed. Miss Jen had figured him out. He was embarrassed to admit to a younger girl that he was wearing panties. What made it worse was that Miss D was standing next to him listening intently. "Well....uh...yes I am wearing panties. How did you know?"

Ken heard Miss D giggle and his face flushed a deeper shade of red. Miss Jen remained calm and in control. "I may be young, but I've been working at this store for a long time and I can recognize a sissy-boy in training when I see one. Let's see, your nails are coated in clear polish, you always come to me to ring up your order, and you've been back into my store 3 times in less than 2 weeks to buy or do something embarrassing. All that adds up to a sissy-boy who's following orders from his Mistress. So sissy-boy, tell me why you are not hard right now?"

Miss Jen's voice was commanding. Ken found himself feeling very submissive to her. He could have hung up the phone and walked out, but he was enjoying the submissive feeling. "Ummm..my cock is not hard because my cock is pushed back through my legs."

"Poor boy. You have a clitty just like a little girl. Tell me little girl, what are you shopping for today?"

"I need to buy panties, a bra, and stockings."

"And do you need my help?"

"Yes. My mistress has instructed me to have you ring up my order since you have been the person who has always rang up my order."

Ken knew that Miss D was listening to every word he was saying. He felt totally humiliated. His humiliation intensified when a woman walked up to the counter to purchase some lingerie. Ken knew that the woman could hear his conversation.

Miss Jen continued, "Ask me nicely and I may help. Tell me everything that you want me to help you with."

"Please Miss Jen will you help me buy panties and a bra for myself. I need to buy 5 pairs of pretty panties and a red bra. I need at least 2 thong panties and I also need stockings. Please will you help me pick out these items?"

"What sizes do you need dear?"

"I'm not sure Miss Jen. Will you help me pick out the right size?"

"Tell me you'll be a good girl. Tell me you want me to measure your little girl titties."

Ken's heart was pounding in his chest. Everything was happening so fast. He came into the store buy some lingerie and now suddenly he was talking like a little girl to a college age salesgirl and in front of other women. He could see a devilish smirk on Miss D's face and he knew the woman at the counter was glancing at him like he was a freak. To top it off another woman came into the store and stood in line. Miss D purposely rang the order up slow. Ken felt very inferior and submissive with everything that was going on. He did not want to say these girlish words infront of all these women but he needed Miss Jen's help. He did not know what to say.

Miss Jen encouraged him, "Come on darling, be a good girl and tell me."

Ken mumbled the words but Miss Jen would not go for it. She ordered him to say them nice and loud or she would hang up and be done with him. Humiliated, Ken clearly stated, "Will you please measure my little girl titties and help me find the right bra size. I'll be a good girl for you, I promise."

Miss D and the two customers laughed at his expense. Ken cringed and turned red. Although he was humiliated he was aroused and his cock was pushing against his panties trying to grow. Ken could not believe at how aroused he was from the situation.

Miss Jen finally agreed to help Ken. "Since you asked like a good little girl I will help you. I'll be there shortly. In the meantime, have Miss D take all your measurements, okay sweetie?"

"Yes. Miss Jen. Thank you."

Miss D was just finishing up with the last customer when Ken hung up the phone. After the customer walked away, Ken politely asked, "Miss D, could you please do my measurements."

Miss D's devilish smiled returned. "Of course sweetie. I told you I'd be glad to help you with anything. Take your shirt off dear and we'll get started.

Ken was waiting for her to usher him to a backroom but she just stood there and waited. He knew it was going to be a long day. Ken removed his shirt and Miss D came over to him with a long cloth tape measure.

Miss D began to instruct Ken on what to do. She purposely spoke to him like a little girl. "Okay sweetie stand up straight and point those titties outward... Good girl. First we have to measure below your titties. Hold our arms out to the side."

Ken raised his arms and Miss D wrapped the tape measure around him, just below his chest. Ken's attention was focused on Miss D. He figured she was only 18 or 19 years old. Her body was slim and athletic. Her perky tits pressed firmly against her tight white t-shirt. She was about 5ft 7and her hair was dark brown. He could not believe he was being measured for a bra and being talked to like a little girl from a teenager almost half his age. The moment was surreal and exciting. Ken's bent cock pressed hard against the crotch of his panties. He wished he could pull it out and enjoy its fullness.

Miss D moved the tape measure up to his chest. The tape measure was cool. Miss D purposely rubbed it over his nipples a few times causing them to grow hard. "Now we must measure your titties...My, my, they are small little titties. Hold them out nice proud darling so I can get the right measurements. Ken tried to push his chest out far. He was actually ashamed of his small titties. Miss D wrote the measurements on a pad of paper. "Okay honey, I need a few other measurements. Take off your pants."

Ken panicked. "Miss D, don't you think we should do this in the back room."

Miss D's voice was gentle. "Don't worry baby doll, it's just us girls here. We never get men in here during the day. Nothing to be ashamed of. Let me help you."

Ken stood there in disbelief as Miss D unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down revealing his purple pre-teen panties. Miss D commented, "Oh how cute. Little girlie panties. Miss D pressed her hand against his crotch to feel his boypussy. "You really are a baby doll. Is this your first time buying big girl panties?"

"Yes."

"Well let's pull these off and get the right measurements." Miss D pulled his panties down and Ken's cock popped out from between his legs. It instantly grew hard. Miss D stared at the pink bow and saran wrap on his cock head and giggled. "How cute. What's the plastic for?"

"It's so I don't wet my panties."

Miss D giggled again. She reached down and stroked his cock a few times, causing pre-cum to press against the saran wrap. Miss D jumped right into the role playing. "Poor little baby girl wets her panties. Are you sure your ready for big girl panties? Can you hold that cum cum in for mommy?"

Ken was so aroused from being denied an orgasm so long. His mind was fragile and easy to manipulate in his current state. He shifted into baby girl mode. "Yes. Please let me wear big girl panties."

Ken's attention darted to the front of the store when he heard the door open. His body tensed with fright from being in such a vulnerable and exposed position in the middle of the store. Miss D remained calm and unconcerned. Ken relaxed slightly when he realized it was Miss Jen.

Although Miss Jen and Ken had only briefly met before, Miss Jen walked in with complete control and dominance. Miss Jen approached the two of them. "Well, well, well. I see Miss D is taking care of our sissy-boy."

Miss D replied, "Yes. Look at those cute girlie panties. The poor boy had his little pee-pee pushed between his legs like a pussy."

The two teenage mistresses laughed at Ken's predicament. Miss D continued, "and look at those cute girlie panties and that cute pink bow around his little cock. He really is a baby-girl."

Miss Jen giggled and took the measurements from Miss D. "Hmm let's see if we can find some sexy items for our sissy boy." She made Ken follow her around the store as she browsed through the various racks. Occasionally she would hold a bra or nightgown against Ken and comment on how sexy it would look on him. After about 10 minutes she had a handful of bra's, panties, and night gowns. First she sent Ken back to a dressing room with a matching white bra, garter belt, thong, and stocking set. "Try these on sweetie. Come on out when you're done. I want to see how they look on you.

Ken's cock was pulsing hard from the pure perverseness of what was happening. It seemed surreal to him. He was actually going to try on women's lingerie. He took the items from Miss Jen and headed back to the dressing room. He heard Miss Jen and Miss D whisper to each other and giggle as he walked away

As soon as Ken undressed, his cock popped out and swelled to its full size. He stared at the items on the hangers infront of him. They were soft, pretty, and delicate. The bra was decorated in fancy white lace. The garter belt was silky and accented with lace that matched the bra. He was starting to get excited to wear them. First he pulled on the white thong. The silk triangle in the front was soft and smooth and it sent shivers up and down his spine. He barely noticed the thin silk string that snuggled between his ass cheeks. Ken wondered how women could wear them without being aroused all day. The thong was just the right size for him. It felt very comfortable compared to the little girl panties that Miss Kareena had made him wear. He enjoyed the soft comfortable feeling and was glad that Miss Kareena had allowed him to buy big girl panties. Although the thong fit him appropriately, his balls hung out the bottom a little bit and his hard cock bulged out of the top. There was not much Ken could do about it so he just moved on with feminizing himself.

Ken pulled on the white stockings. As he pulled the soft feminine material over his legs it sent shivers through his body. He was surprised at how the stockings stretched and conformed to his legs. He admired his legs in the mirror and was amazed at how well they accentuated his muscular legs. Had it not been for the hair on his legs, he would have passed for a sexy leg model. The lacy stocking tops made him feel very girlish and feminine. He was becoming more aroused by the minute.

The garter belt proved to be a little tricky for Ken. It was a little tight around his waist and he had trouble getting the back clips attached to the stockings, but eventually he got everything into place. Finally he made an attempt at the bra. Ken found it very awkward to reach around and try and buckle the strap. He struggled with it for a few minutes and then was interrupted by a knock.

Miss Jen called through the door, "You o.k. in there sissy?"

Ken replied, "ahhh....yeah...I'm almost done. I'm having a little problem with the bra."

Miss Jen did not hesitate. She opened the door and walked in. She laughed at the sight of a 30 year old man dressed like a whore, trying to put on a bra, with his cock sticking out of his panties. Ken suddenly felt exposed and embarrassed but Miss Jen quickly wiped away those thoughts. She placed her hand on the front of the silk panties and began rubbing Ken's cock. "I see you're enjoying being a sissy-boy. You like wearing these pretty girl clothes don't you?"

The soft friction of the silk rubbing over his sensitive shaft weakened Ken. He could not think straight. The young Miss Jen instantly had him wrapped around her finger. All he could do was mutter. "Yes."

Jen stopped rubbing his cock and moved behind him. She made Ken face the full length mirror in the dressing room. She took the bra straps and snapped them in place. "There you go darling. It just takes a little practice. Look how pretty and sexy you are."

Miss Jen's fingers slowly and lightly slid down Ken's sides and across his stomach. Her feathery massage was causing Ken's body to tingle and his cock to twitch. He stared at himself in the mirror and felt a little strange to see his body clothed in such delicate and soft undergarments. They hid his masculinity and brought out a gentle girlish feeling within. He did not know what was happening to his emotions. Part of his mind was telling him this was wrong and crazy and that he should stop what he was doing. However, it excited him to know that he was doing something so perverted for Miss Kareena. He knew she would be pleased at his obedience and her pleasure is what mattered to him. He was also enjoying the attention he was getting from Miss Jen and Miss D. They were both beautiful young girls and he could not resist their sex appeal. In the back of his mind Ken was hoping that the situation would lead to an exciting sexual experience with Miss Jen and maybe even Miss D. That fantasy and his desire to please Miss Kareena was enough justification for Ken to humiliate himself by wearing women's lingerie.

Miss Jen's hand moved down to his cock and she began rubbing it through the panties. "Such a pretty whore. You're Mistress is going to be pleased with this outfit. Tell me what's your Mistress's name?"

Ken's cock was dripping precum. He was struggling to keep himself for cumming. He replied to Miss Jen in deep breaths. "Her name is Mistress Kareena." Then he pleaded to Miss Jen, "Please stop rubbing my cock. You're going to make me cum."

Miss Jen moved her hand to the top of his cock and she used her fingers to rub the pre-cum all over Ken's sensitive cock head. She could tell that he was struggling to hold back and that he was close to the edge. His excitement fueled a passionate erotic fire in Jen's pussy. She loved the control she had over Ken. Jen was experienced at teasing men and she knew that he could last a little longer. She also knew that his mind was focused on the pleasure that she was giving him and that she had him under her complete control. Her pussy quivered at this control and his desperateness. "Don't you want to cum sweetie?"

"Yes...very badly...but Miss Kareena has ordered me not to cum without her permission. Please stop. I can't last much longer. Please stop rubbing my cock."

Miss Jen gently licked and sucked Ken's ear lobe. She moaned into his ear, while continuing to rub the precum around his cock head. "Mmmmm I just love to tease sissy boy's and rub their boy pussies. Ask me to stop rubbing your pussy and maybe I'll be nice."

"Please Miss Jen, stop rubbing my pussy." Referring to his cock as a pussy almost sent him over the edge. Fortunately for Ken, Miss Jen stopped rubbing his boy pussy. He took a few deep breaths and was able to recover.

Miss Jen stepped back and giggled at Ken. "This is soo much fun. My pussy is all wet from seeing your little clitty swollen and full of cum. Your cock's so small it might as well be a pussy." Jen giggled again. "So tell me about your Mistress. What does she look like?"

" I don't know. I uh...I met her online."

Miss Jen laughed out loud. "You're kidding right?"

"No, I have never seen her."

"I've got to tell Dee this one. Follow me."

Ken had no choice but to follow Jen. She took his hand and led him out of the dressing room and into the store. This was the first time Ken walked in his new outfit and he was aware of every sensation. He could feel the tightness of the bra around his chest. He could feel the garter straps stretching and rubbing along his thighs as he walked. The stockings felt comfortably tight around his legs. He was aware of the thong pressing between his ass cheeks and rubbing his asshole. The combination of these sensations heightened his arousal and made him feel girlish and horny.

Jen found Dee and excitedly announced, "Miss D, do you believe that all the perverted things this sissy has done is from obeying an online Mistress? Isn't that pathetic? He hasn't even met her and he's humiliated himself for her and dressed up like a cheap whore."

Miss D laughed. "How pathetic. You must really want to be girl."

Ken tried to defend himself, "No, I don't. I..I don't know how this happened. I just wanted to please her."

Jen started massaging his cock again. "This must be a real treat to have two pretty girls paying attention to you."

Miss D moved infront of Ken and gently pulled his balls while Jen rubbed his cock. Once again Ken was on the edge. Ken moaned, "Yes, this is amazing."

Miss Jen pressed him, "So you like having us tease you like this while you're dressed as a whore."

Ken didn't want the pleasure to stop so he just agreed, "Yes."

Miss D added, "We like teasing sissy-boy's."

Jen commented, "I bet you'd like to put that little cock of yours in my tight young pussy wouldn't you?"

Ken nodded his head yes.

"It's a shame you can't cum. You want to obey your Mistress don't you? Do you think you could put your cock into my teenage pussy without cumming?"

The teasing from Miss D and Miss Jen and the dirty talk was bringing Ken closer to the edge. The thought of fucking Miss Jen excited him. The fact that she was only 18 was even more enticing. He knew that he would explode inside her immediately, but now his thoughts were short-term and all he cared about was release. He lied just to make it happen. "Yes. I could put my cock in you without cumming. Please let me put my cock in your pussy."

Suddenly Ken felt a sharp pain in his groin. Miss Jen squeezed his balls hard causing him to double over in pain. She pushed him down onto his back and pressed her foot on his balls. Miss D stood over Ken with a look of dominance and seriousness.

Miss Jen scolded Ken. "You're such a slut. You wouldn't last more than 3 seconds in my pussy with that pathetic thing. You have a pussy not a cock. My pussy is for real men, not sissy's like you. Ken's cock was soft from the pain and for fear of what she was going to do next. Miss Jen smiled at his fear. She began to gently massage hi cock with her foot. Ken could not control himself. His cock instantly grew hard again.

"One thing is certain. You are a weak pathetic sissy-boy and I control your cock. I can make it hard and I can make it soft. You like this don't you slut?"

Ken nodded his head in agreement. Miss Jen ordered him to stand up and go back to the dressing rooms. For the next 1/2 hour the teenage mistresses made Ken model various lingerie. He wore bras, teddies, night gowns, and even a beautiful corset. Ken was their little Barbie doll to play dress up with. At first it was a bit humiliating, but Ken was enjoying the attention he was getting. The slight glimmer of hope that he would get to see these beautiful girls naked kept him obedient and willing to put up with their game. The chance of him scoring with such young and beautiful girls was slim and so he did not want to upset them. His sexual lust and taboo desires pushed him to a deeper level of perverseness and submissiveness. Both Miss D and Miss Jen continually commented on how pretty he looked and they frequently would touch and squeeze his cock and ass through the silk lingerie. The whole experience was keeping Ken at a heightened level of arousal and turning his mind into a childlike state. He was their princess to play with. He wanted to be one of the girls so that the fun could continue and he just did as he was told.

The last outfit he tried on was the one that Miss Kareena had instructed him to purchase. It was a red lace bra, garter belt, thong panties, and white stockings. Miss Jen laughed at him. "You look like such a whore. You just need a little perfume and you'll be the perfect slut."

Miss Jen pulled out a small perfume spray bottle from behind the cash register. She sprayed a generous amount on Ken's neck. The sweet aroma engulfed Ken and the smell seemed to make his cock twitch.

Miss Jen lightly kissed his neck sending chills through his body. Ken's body was trembling from the intimate gesture. "Such a pretty slut. I know you're just dying to be fucked aren't you? Would you like me to put my girl cock in your little pussy hole."

Ken thought about what she just asked. He did feel like a slutty whore. He guessed she was talking about fucking him up the ass. The mere thought of this made his asshole tingle with anticipation. Ken didn't know what was happening to him. A few weeks ago he would have cringed at the thought of being fucked up the ass. A few weeks ago his common sense would have told him to not mess with teenage girls in a sexual way. Now he could not control his thoughts. A sensual and seductive tigress was manipulating his mind and body. His cocked ached for release and that's all he could think about. He became excited at the though of Miss Jen fucking him up the ass and so he begged like a little school girl. "Yes. Miss Jen, please fuck me. Please fuck my pussy."

Miss Jen was amused at his pleading and she decided to toy with him a bit. "Pull your panties down sweetie and show Miss D and myself that pussy."

Ken's heart pounded with excitement and his cock twitched in anticipation. He pulled the red silk panties down to his thighs and turned around to show them his ass. Miss Jen said, "Bend over and pull that pussy open for me darling. Let me see what you got."

Ken could not believe how far this was going. His online relationship with Miss Kareena seemed like a big step to Ken when he first met her. Now he was actually being controlled and humiliated in person by a teenage goddess with her friend watching. He felt ashamed at what he was doing but he could not deny the extreme excitement he was experiencing. His willpower was gone and he submitted to his dark desires. Ken bent forward and spread his ass cheeks wide, exposing his pussy hole for Miss Jen and Miss D. The stretching brought more pleasure to Ken.

Miss Jen lightly slid her fingertip around his pussy causing Ken's cock to twitch and causing Ken to moan quietly. The sensations were new and strange and very erotic. "Your pussy is so tight darling? Are you a virgin here?"

"Yes. Mistress. I've never had anything in my pussyhole."

"oohhh. Naughty slut. I don't think your pussy is ready for me yet. Besides, you need to obey you're mistress. Isn't this the outfit she wanted you to buy?"

Ken was extremely aroused and sexually frustrated. He wanted release very bad and the idea of Miss Jen fucking him up the ass was driving him crazy. His was mad at Miss Jen for reminding him of his commitment to Miss Kareena because he didn't want the fun to stop. However he obediently replied, "Yes. Mistress. This is the outfit."

"Well then I guess were done here. Pull up your panties slut, get dressed, and meet me at the cash register," ordered Miss Jen. She picked up the pile of lingerie that Ken had tried on and headed to the front of the store.

Ken started to take off the bra, but Miss D stopped him. "No, no, sweetie. You're a big girl now and big girls wear bras don't they? You dressed like such a pretty whore and you should stay that way. Let me help you get dressed."

Ken was surprised at her order. He did not want to wear a bra in public because he knew his shirt did little to hide the shapely bra. He did not want to go out in public looking like a sissy boy but he did not want to disobey Miss D and Miss Jen. Their dominance and seductiveness were incredible and Ken found himself willing to embarrass himself so that he could please them and continue his relationship with them. Miss D did not give him a choice in the matter. She picked up his shirt and helped him pull it over his head and the bra. The t-shirt was tight and the form of the bra was obvious underneath the shirt. Miss D handed him his pants to wear overtop the garter, panties, and stockings. Ken pleaded with Miss D, "Please don't make me wear the bra. I can't go out in public like this."

Miss D smiled at his defiance. Her pussy quivered knowing that he was trembling inside in fear of public humiliation. "Oh yes you can and yes you will," she said firmly. Miss D took Ken's hand and forcefully led him to the front counter where Miss Jen was ringing up his order

Miss Jen rang up the last few items as Ken approached. She read the total off to him. "That will be $475.32."

The total shocked him. "Uhh... Miss Jen. I wasn't going to get all the stuff. I just need the items I'm wearing and a few pairs of panties."

"Ohh, but Kenny darling, you looked so cute and pretty in all theses things. You must buy them and wear them every night."

"Yes, but I can't afford all that. Maybe just a few items."

Miss Jen listened but she dismissed his comments and started bagging his items. "Nonsense Kenny. You can afford it. You just need to prioritize how you spend your money and right now this is your priority, right?"

Ken didn't like where this was going. He had no intentions on spending that much money. "Well...uh... I don't know..."

Miss Jen interrupted, "..You do want to obey Miss Kareena don't you?"

"Yes."

"And you need my help right?"

Ken thought for a second and realized she was right. Without her help he would not be able to complete the tasks from Miss Kareena. "Yes."

"And you are enjoying all of this aren't you?" While Miss Jen asked the question, Miss D came over and hugged Ken from behind. Her hand reached around and started rubbing Ken's crotch. His cock was hard and swelling. Miss D lightly kissed his neck and nibbled his earlobe.

Ken closed his eyes and savored the wonderful feeling. She was young and pretty. Her perfume invaded his thoughts and easily broke down his already shattered willpower. Ken moaned, "Yes, but..."

Miss Jen was quick with her interrogation "...and you'd like to continue to see Miss D and myself, right?"

Ken wasn't sure if he liked where this line of questioning was going, but he found himself immersed in the pleasure from Miss D. He did not want it to stop. He continued to agree with everything. "Yes."

"Well then, you owe it to us to buy all these things. I need to hit my sales quota you know. Besides, I can't sell these items after you've had your nasty cock all over them."

In the course of fondling Ken, Miss D managed to get a hold of Ken's wallet and pull out his credit card. She flicked it out in front Ken and it landed on the counter. Miss Jen picked it up with a devious smile and ran it through the credit card machine. Miss D continued to stroke Ken's cock. With one hand she squeezed his left bra cup and whispered into his ear. "Good girl. Now you'll have something sexy to wear everyday."

The gesture of squeezing his tit was silly, but to Ken's frazzled mind it was symbolic of his girlish state and his submissiveness. For a moment he felt like a girl being fondled and ravished. He closed his eyes and forgot about the credit card and the large bill. The pleasure coursing through his body outweighed the need to protest. He stood there and let the girls financially and physically take advantage of him and control him. 


Miss Jen left one outfit on the counter. She picked it up and held it up to her body. It was a leather corset. "By the way. This one is for me. I've been wanting to buy this for a long time. Thanks for the gift honey. Maybe I'll wear it for you one day. You would like that, wouldn't you sissy?"

Ken was on the verge of cumming from Miss D's erotic assault. He could feel the wetness on his panties from all the precum leaking out. A small wet spot was forming on his pants. Ken just nodded his head in agreement. When the charge receipt printed out, Miss Jen put it on the counter to sign. Miss D firmly gripped his cock through his pants and pulled him over to the counter using his cock as a leash. Ken was powerless and at her mercy. He had no choice but to follow. As soon as he signed the receipt Miss D stopped touching his cock and said, "that's a good girl. I knew a little cock teasing would change your mind. It's pathetic how easy it is to manipulate sissy boys."

Ken knew that she was right. Her teasing was driving him crazy and all he cared about right now was being pleasured and wanting to cum. He was disappointed and sexually frustrated that Miss D stopped her teasing when he was about to cum.

Miss Jen pushed the shopping bags towards Ken and said, "thanks for shopping with us. I know you'll be back soon. Maybe next time you'll be allowed to cum sissy."

Both girls giggled at his frustrated and needy look. Ken didn't want to leave. He was enjoying the teasing and attention. However, it was obvious that the girls were done with him for the day. He picked up his bags and headed out of the store. Ken's heart pounded fiercely as he rushed to his car. He prayed the no one would be outside a notice that he was wearing a bra.

Fortunately he made it to his car without an embarrassing incident. His pulse was quick with excitement on the ride home. His cock remained hard and the wet spot on his pants grew larger. Ken could not believe how excited he was from the whole experience. This was his first real brush with domination and feminization. Part of his mind was telling him that what happened was crazy and silly. It was embarrassing and he wanted it all to stop. On the other hand the attention and teasing he was getting was incredible. A much larger part of his mind was thrilled and energized from the experience. The pleasure and arousal that both girls brought him was far better than anything he had experienced before. Their control and manipulation over him was exciting to Ken. His recent experiences with Miss Jen, Miss D, and Miss Kareena were reinforcing the idea that other women become excited at dominating him and dressing him in pretty feminine clothes. Ken did not realize it yet, but he was slowly accepting the feminine lifestyle.

At home Ken took off his clothes, but left on the lingerie. He couldn't help but stop and look at himself in a full length mirror. He had to admit to himself that the red lace bra was very sexy and the stockings nicely accented his muscular legs. He was feeling extremely horny and randy. Ken pulled out his glossy pink lipstick and applied it to his lips. Next he got a bottle of pink nail polish and painted his nails. He had never worn a color on his nails before and he admired how girlish it made his fingers look. Ken's left hand slid around his hard cock and he began to slowly stroke it. Precum instantly dribbled out. Ken used his forefinger to rub it around the tip of his cock. He imagined it was Miss Kareena's hand that was doing this. Ken took his other hand and gently squeezed and pulled his balls through the soft silk panties. He felt so kinky and slutty at what we was doing. In a matter of minutes Ken was on edge and ready to explode. He slowed his stroking down so that he barely touched his cock. It twitched in his hand. His balls were swollen and full of cum. Ken knew that one firm stroke of his cock would ignite a powerful explosion deep in his loins. He was teetering on the edge and he wanted to cum very bad. For a moment he considered doing it. His strong desires almost caused him to disobey Miss Kareena and self indulge in an orgasm. Somehow he managed to refrain from proceeding. He let go of his cock and took several deep breaths. He had never been so close to the edge before. His pulse was racing, his heart was pounding, and perspiration was beading on his forehead. It was a wonderful feeling.

Ken finally calmed himself down and decided to e-mail Miss Kareena. He wrote a lengthy e-mail describing Miss Jen and his shopping experience. He told her that he was wearing the bra, garter, stockings, and panties and the he almost had an orgasm as he admired himself in them. He admitted that he skipped work because he was too excited and nervous about his assignment. Ken purposely left out the details about him trying on several outfits and being dominated by Miss Jen and Miss D. He did not even mention Miss D in his e-mail and he referred to Miss Jen as just Jen. He left out the details because he was embarrassed at how these young girls were able to easily manipulate and control him. He was also unsure of how Miss Kareena would react to the situation. He didn't know if she would be jealous, mad, or excited at what happened. Ken did mention that Jen had figured out that he was buying the panties and lingerie for himself and that she referred to him as a sissy boy and was glad to help him pick out the right sizes.

To Be Continued...

Dominating Ken Pt. 05-08
byoneguy4fun©

PART V TEASED AND ENTRAPPED!

Monday evening Kareena logged on and was delighted to see an e-mail from Ken. She had instructed him not to write until her present arrived and she knew that it had not arrived. She was curious as to what he had to say. She wasn't even halfway through the e-mail and her pussy was hot and beginning to dampen. It was obvious that Ken was excited and even proud at completing her assignment. His e-mail rambled on like a giddy girl. He seemed to be getting increasingly aroused from her assignments of dressing like a girl. The fact the he skipped work because he could not concentrate indicated to Kareena that his thoughts were being consumed by her and that he was losing control of reality. The fact the he almost lost control of his cock when he was dressed in pretty lingerie and staring at himself in the mirror, indicated that he was more accepting of being a girl. She knew this change in attitude was a direct result of her control and continued teasing and manipulation of his mind and body. He was willing to do anything for her and this power thrilled her and aroused her.

Kareena unzipped her pants and snaked a finger into her needy pussy. Slowly she played with the folds of her pussy while she read Ken's e-mail. He described Jen as "young, brunette, and average height." He guessed her bra size to be a 36C. Kareena laughed out loud when she read how Jen called him a sissy boy when she figured out he was shopping for himself. Kareena was glad that Jen was a good sport and played along with the assignment. She imagined that Ken must have been totally humiliated at being caught red handed by a young girl. Her pussy gushed with excitement. Kareena imagined the scenario and pushed three fingers into her wet hole. Her fingers found her hard and swollen nub and she teased it. Soon she was humping her hand with deep thrusts. Her shirt was off and she was squeezing her nipples. She thought about how she was turning into a goddess to Ken and that he was her boy toy. She controlled his thoughts, emotions, and his cock. She could not wait for the weekend to come because that was when she planned to take stronger control of his life. She was carefully weaving a web that Ken would not be able to escape. By Friday night her prey would be entrapped and at her mercy. Kareena moaned in wild abandon as a powerful orgasm shook her body and mind.

After a few minutes Kareena's mind cleared and she returned to her e-mail. There was plenty of toying she could do with Ken from the information he provided. Kareena couldn't wait to talk to him online but she did not want to waver from her original orders.. She sent an e-mail.

"Hi sissy. I know you're checking your e-mail every 5 minutes awaiting my reply. I know your pulse quickened and your little cock twitched when you saw my name in your inbox. You are excited for me aren't you slut? Well listen up sissy. I said no e-mails until you receive my gift. Do you have problems with instructions??? Maybe I should punish you?

I guess you were too excited from dressing up in all those pretty things and you just had to tell me about it. You are turning into quite a whore. I must see a picture. Send me a picture right away! No words, no messages. Just send me the picture. I'm waiting...."

Within 10 minutes Kareena received Ken's pic. She smiled to herself at how well she knew Ken. She figured he was waiting to hear from her. Kareena viewed the pic and at first laughed at the sight of a grown man dressed like a pretty slut with glossy pink lipstick. His hard cock protruded obscenely from the red panties. As she stared at her slutboy her pussy tingled and she became overwhelmed with horniness. She realized that she had taken an ordinary guy and taken control of him to the point that he was willing to do anything for her. She had eased into his mind and controlled not only his thoughts, but also his wants and desires. Kareena had taken Ken's natural desires for sex and orgasm and played with them, teased them, and manipulated them to the point that Ken wanted to do anything to please her. Whatever Kareena desired, Ken wanted to do and that is why Ken wanted to dress like a girl. This was true power and domination. Kareena was surprised and delighted at how intensely aroused she became.

This strange new arousal took a hold of Kareena and fueled her need for more control. It took all her strength to hold back from playing with him. She had to be strong and let him know that he must follow orders. She decided to end the conversation, but not without a little fun. "Well darling, I did say no e-mails until my present arrived and I did mean that. I will forgive you since you did such a great job at buying the lingerie. Tonight I want you to sleep in your new whore outfit. I want you to feel like a cheap whore when you wake up tomorrow. I bet your pussy will be swollen and needy in the morning. You may remove the bra for work but you must wear the garter belt, stocking and panties, got it? Are you sorry that you e-mailed me now slut? Can you handle it? Don't answer whore....just do it! Go to bed now and e-mail when my present arrives.

Ken's cock twitched at the thought of being a cheap whore. He was disappointed that Miss Kareena did not want to talk but he did not dare to reply. Ken logged off and went to bed as ordered. He did not sleep much because he was extremely aroused from the lingerie he was wearing. He stroked his cock off and on through the night. When he awoke he the morning his panties were damp from precum and his boy pussy was swollen and needy just like Mistress Kareena said it would be. He didn't know how he was going to make it through a day at work.

Ken was not sure if the garter belt was visible through his clothes. He didn't think it was visible, but he wore a sport coat just in case. Anytime he got up and walked at work he could feel the garters tugging on the stocking and he could feel the stocking rubbing against his legs. He was a walking erection for most of the day. On his way home he checked his PO box and was disappointed to find it empty.

Wednesday was just as torturous for Ken. He was starting to fall behind on his work because he could not concentrate. He even found himself feeling submissive to other female managers. When he was questioned by one female about a design that was due to her, he instinctively diverted his eyes downward and replied, "Sorry ma'am. I'll get it done right away ma'am." The manger looked at him strangely and walked away amused and feeling somewhat empowered from his response.

On his way home he checked his PO Box and his heart leaped in his chest when he saw the package from Mistress Kareena. It was a small brown box. He stared at it for a minute, thinking that this package would probably bring him great pleasure. It would bring him closer to his Mistress. Ken flipped the package over to look for a return address, but none could be found. Mistress Kareena was too clever. Ken quickly walked out of the post office with a raging hard-on. He rushed home to his computer and logged on.

His heart pounded and his cock twitched as he typed. "Hi Mistress. It's here! Your package has arrived!"

Kareena had been waiting for his e-mail. She too was excited and she knew the package would be there on Wednesday. Kareena had left work early to prepare for this moment. While she waited, she had been looking over the pics of Ken in his panties and lingerie. She viewed the video clips of her puppyslut and she read some of his past e-mails. By the time his e-mail arrived she had already brought herself to an orgasm. It would not be the last orgasm for the night

Kareena was ready for a little fun with her slut. It was time to exert her power and show who owned him. She wrote back. "Mmmm. you looked so pretty in your slutty lingerie darling...and your cock was so hard. You're enjoying this aren't you?"

Ken was excited and looking forward to some fun. He wasted no time to reply, "Thank you. Mistress. I am enjoying this. I'm really horny and want to cum so bad. I am wearing my new outfit right now."

"So you like your new lingerie, don't you? It's so pretty and feminine. It's fun shopping for lingerie for yourself isn't?"

Ken was dying to see what was in the box. He wanted Mistress Kareena to tell him to open it right away. She was teasing him and building up his anticipation. Ken thought about her question. He was still threatened at losing his masculinity but he was beyond denying his feeling with Kareena. "Yes. It is fun. There are so many pretty things to choose from."

"That's good princess. Now you are starting to realize how great it is to be a woman aren't you?"

"Yes. You are lucky."

"I know princess and you are lucky to have me here to teach you about being a woman. I mean that's what you want isn't it?"

"I...I don't know. I just want to please you."

Kareena replied back with a copy of the picture he sent on Monday. "Come now princess. See how hard your cock is in this picture. I could tell you were so excited from your shopping trip. You can admit it to me darling. You like being like a woman, don't you? Don't worry, it will be our little secret. Say it out loud, write it back to me in an e-mail - Women are superior and I wish I was a woman."

Ken was under Kareena's spell. He stroked his cock while he said the words. He replied, "Women are superior and I wish I was a woman."

"That's good princess. You're getting there. Even the sales clerk could tell you were a sissy. You must be a natural. You must have been so excited to have someone there to share your dirty secret with. It was exciting having her there to help you pick out girlie things, wasn't it."

Ken's mind was reeling with erotic thoughts and excitement. He was amazed at how well Kareena knew his emotions. It was as if she had been there on the shopping trip. He confirmed her assumptions. "Yes it was very exciting. She had me try on the lingerie before I purchased it and she made me wear it home. I felt so horny and naughty wearing it."

"You are naughty dear. I like that about you. You look so pretty. I think we need a more feminine name for you. Wouldn't you like it if I came up with a nice pretty name for you?"

Ken was feeling very girlish and submissive. The idea of having a girl name from his mistress seemed so perverse and kinky. He knew she wanted him to have a girl name and that made him excited. "Yes mistress please give me a pretty girl name."

"I think Kimmee sounds cute don't you? Are you my little Kimmee?"

Ken's body shivered in delight at his new girl name. A special name given to him by his mistress. "Yes, if that is what you want mistress. I am your little Kimmee. Kimmee wants to please you."

"Kimmee, are you stroking your girl cock for me?"

"Yes. I am so horny and I really want to cum. My balls are swollen and they ache. Please let me cum mistress. I'll do anything to cum!"

"Your balls are full of cum? It's only been a few days since you last had release. Prove it to me darling. Send me a picture.....and make sure you're wearing my cock and ball strap. I just love to see my name attached to MY cock and balls. They are mine to do with as I please. Hurry now Kimmee... I'm waiting..."

Ken did not have the harness on at the moment so he rushed to put it on. He fumbled with the straps for a few minutes, trying to get it on. It was difficult because his cock and balls were swollen from the prolonged teasing and excitement he had been experiencing over the last few days. The harness created a wonderful tightness feeling to his balls and made his cock feel extra hard and sensitive. His cock was already dripping cum. Ken quickly took a close-up picture of his crotch, ensuring the nametag was clearly visible. He emailed the photo and received a quick reply.

"Switch to Instant Messaging dear. Hurry now."

Ken logged into IM and was immediately greeted by Miss Kareena.

MK> "My...my they do look full of cum. You are such a horny girl. I suppose you do need some relief. Are you ready to be slutty for me Kimmee?"

KEN> "Yes. I will be slutty for you. "

MK> "Well then I'll give you some relief. Don't get too excited because you're not allowed to cum...at least not from an orgasm <*devilish smile*>. I want you to save that pleasure for a special occasion sweetie. Tonight I'm feeling playful. I'm going to tease you and milk out your cum little by little. Can you handle it?"

Ken's cock was already twitching from excitement. He was ready to play and do whatever she wanted.

KEN> "Yes. I can. I'll be a good slut for you."

MK> "Of course you will. Go get your cock shaped dildo. Let me know when you are ready."

Ken was nervous about what he was getting into but he was too horny to think about it. He rushed into his room and grabbed the dildo.

KEN> "I'm ready"

MK> "Good. Put it to the side for now. You may open my present and take out the bag. Do not open the inside box. Tell me what's in the bag slut. Start stroking your cock. Tonight you are my whore. You will do as I say and no cumming. Got it?"

KEN> "Yes. Ma'am"

Ken couldn't move fast enough. He ripped open the box and pulled out the plastic zip lock bag from Kareena.

KEN> "It's a pair of panties. Are they yours?"

MK> "Yes they are slut and I wore them one night when you were being nice and naughty for me. Take them out of the bag and feel how damp they are sweetie. Smell them....inhale your mistress's scent."

The zip lock bag had sealed in Kareena's juices. Ken's fingers traced the damp silk. He imagined Kareena's pussy pressed against the crotch. He stroked his cock and moved the panties to his nose. Her scent was strong and pungent. Ken was close to loosing control. His computer beeped and pulled him out of his erotic trance.

The incoming message contained two pictures of a woman dressed in a leather half bra and a leather corset. She had a whip in her hand. The first pic showed her standing with her tits and pussy exposed and she had a dominating expression on her face. The second pic showed her bent over with a close-up of her ass.

MK> "These are pics of a beautiful mistress. For the purpose of tonight consider it me. Put my panties on your face. Make sure the crotch is right at your nose. Stare at me and give me slow and firm hand over hand strokes from the top of your cock down to the base. Do this for 1 minute and await further orders."

Ken did as instructed. It felt incredible. The fact the he was wearing his mistresses damp panties on his face added to his excitement. He had to fight hard to control his urge to cum. As he stroked more messages came through from Miss Kareena

MK> "That's good..stroke it for me baby. Stare at my tits..."

MK> "My pussy is hot and wet knowing that you are my little whore. I'm fingering myself just thinking about it. Too bad you're not here to help me."

Kareena's words heightened Ken's arousal. He was having a hard time concentrating. When his minute was just about up another message came through..

MK> "Okay Kimmee, my naughty whore. Stroke just your cockhead with just your forefinger and thumb. Short quick pulls. Keep doing it until I tell you to stop.

Ken did as instructed. Cum started to leak out. He was getting worried that he wouldn't be able to make it without cumming.

MK> Use your forefinger and rub the tip of your cock. Use it to massage your precum into your cock head. Get it nice and shiny for me.

After about 30 seconds of this Ken felt like he was going to explode. He was thankful for the next message. It was as if Miss Kareena knew his limits.

MK> Hands of now slut! Is your cock head nice and shiny. How aroused are you Kimmee? 1 = not all and 10 = ready to orgasm. Where are you on the scale.

KEN> My cockhead is very shiny. This is great but I don't think I can last much longer. Can I please cum? Please! Please! I'd say I'm at a 9.5.

Kareena chuckled. She knew he was on edge. She was close to orgasm herself. She was enjoying the sexual torture.

MK> "We have a long way to go princess. We better get your mind off that silly cock of yours. I want you to suck the cock dildo. Suck it nice and hard for me. Imagine that it is strapped to me and you are sucking me off like a good little whore."

Normally Ken would protest having to suck a fake cock because it was a big blow to his masculinity. However, he was so charged up and aroused and he needed to calm down. Miss Kareena was right that it would take his mind off his cock. At least that's how Ken justified the need to suck cock. Slowly he pushed the rubber cock into his mouth. He was surprised at how flesh like it felt. He could feel the veiny texture slide across his lips and his tongue. More messages poured through

MK> "Suck that cock Kimmee.... Push it all the way down darling. If you're a good whore I might let you cum tonight."

Ken obeyed her in hopes that he would be able to cum. He pushed the dildo deep into his mouth

MK> "That's it sweetie. Suck it hard...I like noisy blow jobs...are you slurping? That's what I like to hear darling."

Ken acted as if Miss Kareena was in the room with him. He slurped and sucked at the cock. He felt slutty and submissive

MK> "How's your cock Kimmee? Soft yet? Where are you on the scale?"

Ken calmed down but his cock was still hard. Acting like a whore for Miss Kareena was keeping him hot.

KEN> "I'm still hard but not as aroused. About an 8."

MK> "I guess you like sucking that cock darling. It makes me so hot knowing that you are being such a whore for me. You may put the cock down for now. I want you to sit in your chair and put your feet up on the desk. Spread them wide and pull your thong to the side so that your pussy hole is facing my picture. I want to see that pussyhole. Let me know when you are ready."

Ken's heart pounded hard. He did not know what to expect. He got into position. His asshole seemed to tingle with anticipation.

KEN> "I'm ready"

MK> "Such a tight virgin hole. Take your left forefinger and lightly trace the rim of your ass. Feels good doesn't it slut?"

Ken traced his asshole and the sensation sent shivers through his spine.

KEN> "Yes. It's incredible."

MK> "Stare at my picture and keep teasing your pussyhole like a good little whore. I'm watching you slut. Stroke your girlcock with your right hand. If any cum leaks out, I want you to rub on your belly."

Ken felt naughty and dirty from playing with his ass and cock. He imagined it was Miss Kareena that was there licking his pussyhole. The combination of sensations were mind blowing.

KEN> "I think I'm going to cum! Please let me cum!"

MK> "NO! Stop stroking. Stand up, bend over and stare out my ass. Finger your asshole while you do this. If any cum leaks out rub it on your chest or stomach. Do this for 2 minutes. That should calm you down."

Ken was so close to the edge and he could not think straight. He was completely under Miss Kareena's control. Like a mindless robot he bent forward, stared at his computer screen and carried out her commands. He imagined Miss Kareena being right there in front of him. Ken pushed his finger gently into his ass. His hole was hot and tight. Slowly he fingered his ass. As he did this cum started dribbling out of his cock. He used his other hand to catch it and rub it on his belly. After 2 minutes another message popped up.

MK> "Sit back down slut and stroke your cock fast for me. Bring yourself to the edge and let me know when you are there. Rub any leaky cum onto your chest"

For the next 20 minutes this scenario occurred over and over again. Miss Kareena made Ken stand up and finger his ass then sit down and stroke his cock. She was essentially making him milk his cum out. Cum continually oozed out of his cock and Ken collected it in his hand and rubbed all over his body. She ordered him to rub cum on his chest, nipples, stomach, and inner thighs. After 20 minutes his body was covered in sticky cum. The whole room smelled of cum.

Finally, Mistress Kareena directed him to her other present.

MK> "You've done well Kimmee...my little personal whore.....mmmm such as slut all covered in cum. I just love how you obey me. As a reward you may take out the brown box and open it darling. Let me know when you are ready."

Ken anxiously pulled out the box and opened it. He was confused at the contents. There were 4 fairly large plastic rings, a curved clear plastic tube, a small tube of lubricant and a brass padlock. He did not know what to make of it. He had never seen anything like it before.

KEN> "I am ready Mistress."

MK> "Do you know what it is?"

KEN> "No..It looks like something for my cock, maybe?"

MK> "Good guess darling. You are right. You are going to be thanking me for this gift. It will help you control that naughty cock of yours. Would you like to try it on for me sweetie. A little begging would please me."

Ken was unsure of how this strange device could help him. His mind and body were so overloaded with excitement that he didn't want to think about it. He just did what he knew Mistress Kareena wanted. He begged to use it.

KEN> "Please Mistress, let me put this thing on my cock. Please show me how I can control my nasty cock. I'm soo horny. I need something to help me control my cock. Please!"

MK> "Verrry nice princess. I love to hear you beg to me like that. You are losing control and you need me to help you. I like that slut. I like to control you. Here's what you need to do: Try on the various rings around the base of your little pee pee. Find one that fits nice and snug, but not too tight. Let me know when you are ready."

Just from looking at the 4 rings Ken could easily tell that one was too big and one was too small. He tried on the two remaining rings. He fumbled around with getting the rings on and off and this caused precum to drip from his cock head. He scooped it up and added it to the stickiness on his chest. The rings were tight and made his cock feel extra hard. Both rings fit snugly. Ken was eager to please so he chose the tighter of the two rings.

Ken> "O.K. Mistress. I have a ring on my cock. My cock is so hard right now."

MK> "You're doing great Kimmee. Now comes the hard part. You need to slide the plastic tube over your cock and attach it to the ring. You're probably wondering how to get your hard cock into that small tube, huh? Then again you have such a small girl cock it shouldn't be that hard to do (LOL!). Well sissy boy...even though you have that girl cock you need to make it shrink a little. Can you do that for me baby?"

Ken's cock was extremely sensitive and on edge from all the teasing. He didn't think he could make it go limp. Then he thought of an idea. Quickly he typed his response.

KEN> "I don't think I can do it. I'm so horny from your teasing Mistress. If you let me cum, I can probably do it. That would be great if I could cum. Please let me cum!"

Kareena chuckled at his thought process. She wasn't going to let him off that easy.

MK> "Nice try slut. Always thinking about cumming. I just love to hear you whimper and suffer for me. Show me your true devotion to me. Show me how much you need me. I want you to reach down and squeeze your balls as hard as you can. If that doesn't work find a shoe and slap your balls hard until your pathetic cock shrinks. When it shrinks, apply some lubricant to it and slide that tube on. You have 5 minutes!

Ken cringed at the thought of squeezing or slapping his balls but he knew he had to do it. It was the only way he could get his cock to shrink. He was devoted to Mistress Kareena and he wanted to please her so he did as instructed. He cupped his balls, counted to three and then squeezed as hard as he could. The pain shot through his groin and into his gut. Ken groaned in agony and doubled over in pain. After about a minute the pain dissipated and he was left with a semi-limp cock. Ken applied the lubricant to his cock. The slippery liquid felt amazing on his sensitive cock and it started to grow again. Ken panicked and quickly grabbed the cock tube and started sliding it over his cock. His cock was growing fast and he pushed it into the tube hard. His cock swelled against the solid tube causing pain to shoot through his groin again. After a little more wrestling and pain, Ken managed to get the tube on and attach it to the cusp around the base of his cock. It was tight and a little uncomfortable. His cock began to swell against the hard tube and he tensed in pain. His cock took the hint and shrunk back down. Ken was beginning to understand the purpose of this contraption.

KEN> "I have it on Miss Kareena. It's tight around my cock and a little painful. It makes it impossible to get an erection."

MK> "Well done slut. You'll get used to it and you'll learn to love it. No erection, huh? LOL. That's right, that naughty cock of yours needs to be caged and controlled all the time. This will help you think better and concentrate at work. That's what you want right? I mean I don't want my little slut to get fired from not doing his work."

Ken thought about her words. At first he panicked because she was implying that he was going to wear the device all the time. He didn't know if he liked that idea. Then he thought some more and realized she was right. He needed to control himself at work. Lately he had been walking around all day at work with an erection. He was always avoiding people and he was not very productive. Suddenly the idea of wearing this contraption seemed great. He wanted to wear it for his mistress.

KEN> "You are right mistress. I do need control. Thank you for this gift. I will get used to it."

Kareena was excited by his response. He was accepting the chastity device a lot quicker than what she anticipated. Taking full control of Ken was going to be easier than she thought. He was already a hand puppet for her. Kareena new that she could make him do anything. Her pussy quivered as her power and control of Ken increased. Her pulse quickened as she began her next set of instructions.

MK> "You are to wear it every day, all day got it?"

Ken> "Yes Mistress."

MK> "You can even pee with it on sweetie. Notice the tube is curved downward so you must pee sitting down, just like a girl. LOL. You are turning into such a good girl for me aren't you? Does Kimmee like being my princess"

Ken's cock twitched at the thought, but then instantly grew flaccid once the pain set in. He was intrigued at his new contraption.

Ken> "Yes Mistress. I am turning into a good girl for you. I like being your princess. I like wearing panties and lingerie for you.

Kareena was enjoying her mind game with Kimmee. She was about to wrap it up for the night but then an idea popped into her head.

MK> "Tonight you are far from a princess. You are my whore and I like that to. You need to be paid for being such a good whore. Do you have any $1 bills? Go get them and tell me how many you have."

Ken fished six $1 bills out of his wallet and let Miss Kareena know. Miss Kareena instantly replied.

MK> "I think you earned about six dollars tonight for you sluttiness. Take 3 of the bills and stick them between your bra cups and then put one on each side of your panties and stick the last one under your thong strap. Mmmm. Now you're my stripper whore. You like that don't you."

Ken inserted the bills as instructed. He felt slutty and a little randy. His cock pushed against the tube from excitement and then shrunk back down from the pain. His new device was going to take a lot of getting used to.

KEN> "Yes Mistress I feel naughty for you. My cock keeps trying to grow but this device is stopping it. It's a little painful."

MK>"Good. It's working then. You've got to learn to control that cock and suppress those urges.. After all, if you're going to be my princess girl you can't be walking around with a hard-on, right? Can you deal with the pain sissy or should I find another slut?"

KEN>"I can deal with it Mistress. Please don't find another slut!!"

MK> "Good. Now I want you to go right to bed Kimmee. Do not change your clothes, do not take a shower and do not remove your money! I want you to feel like a cheap whore when you wake up tomorrow, got it?"

KEN> "Yes mistress. I will go right to bed."

MK> "one last thing slut....see the padlock in the box? I want you to lock it onto your chastity device and I want you to hide the key at home somewhere. You are to wear the device tonight and all day at work. Leave the key at home so you don't wimp out on me! Let me know when your done."

Ken stared at the padlock. His heart thudded in his chest. The idea of locking up his cock seemed so permanent. She called it a chastity device and that seemed to make it even more intimidating. Ken did not realize chastity devices for men existed, nor did he realize he was wearing one until Miss Kareena referred to the contraption by it's real name. He picked the lock up a looked at it. A small key was sticking out of the lock. Ken's worries subsided a bit when he realized he had the key and could open the lock if needed. Now the thought of being locked up for Miss Kareena seemed thrilling. Ken pulled the key out and snapped the lock onto the device. His whole body shivered when the lock clicked. His cock was trapped like an animal. Miss Kareena was going to tame him and he welcomed her training."

Ken> "Okay. I'm locked up Mistress."

Kareena screamed out loud, "yes!" It was a triumphant scream. She had captured her prey. Her plan was coming together perfectly. Her pussy quivered and her body shuddered because now his cock was hers. Ken was entrapped and at the mercy of Kareena. Ken did not know just yet what he had gotten himself into. The key that accompanied the lock was a dummy key. It would not open the lock. His cock was caged and could only be freed by Miss Kareena. Without him knowing it, Ken had just committed himself into slavery for Miss Kareena. Kareena knew that he would love it once she dominated him in person. She could not wait until he discovered his helpless bondage. She could not wait to take physical control of him. She was bubbling with excitement at her new control. For now she had to hold back a little. She gave a few orders and signed off.

MK> "Very good slut. You will learn to love you chastity device. It's a pity you can't do your masturbation routine with it on. I know how much you loved that (*smiles*), but now you are Kimmee and Kimmee is moving on to better things. In place of your masturbation routine I want you to take your cock dildo and kiss it all over. Put a lot of lipstick on and get that cock covered in pink. Kiss it like a whore for 5 minutes, then I want you to lick that cock and suck that cock until it is nice a clean. Repeat this process again and again until your ½ hour is up. Goodnight my cum covered slut! Check in with me tomorrow night."

Ken felt like a whore and he was a excited about his new morning routine. It was so perverted that it aroused him. He logged off and went right to bed as instructed. Ken thought about his situation for a few minutes. He was in bed in a red bra, panties, garter belt, and white stocking. His body was covered in his sticky cum, dollar bills were stuffed in his bra and panties and his cock was locked up in a chastity device. This was not the Ken he knew. In his mind he struggled with the feminine aspect of his domination. He was enjoying dressing in all the pretty clothes and being a whore and princess for his Mistress. He couldn't believe that he was actually looking forward to his new morning routine. His manhood was fading away and being overcome by a feminine force. In a matter of weeks Miss Kareena had transformed him from a typical guy into a slutty girl. Ken drifted to sleep with these thoughts and unaware of the fact that his life was going to change drastically in just a few days.

DOMINATING KEN PART VI – THE EROTIC JOURNEY TO HIS MISTRESS

Thursday morning Ken was awoken from the sound of his alarm. He rolled over and felt the tightness of the bra around his chest and was quickly reminded that he was dressed like a whore. He looked down at his garter belt and stockings and was impressed at how sexy they looked. His cock began to stir and swell until it pressed against the chastity device. Ken groaned in pain. The realization that he was wearing a chastity device sunk in. He was horny and knew that controlling his urges was going to be hard.

Half asleep he wandered into the bathroom. In the mirror he noticed his chest hair was matted down from all the dried up cum. His left stocking had a large runner that went the length of his calf muscle. Ken chuckled at himself with dollar bills hanging out of his bra and panties. He even turned around to admire the one stuck in between his ass and thong strap. Mistress Kareena's words echoed in his head, "I want you to feel like a cheap whore when you wake up."

Ken did feel like a cheap whore and the thought caused his cock to swell again. Once again he grimaced with pain until his erection gave away to the solid chastity device. Ken was about to pee standing up, but then he stared at the curved tube over his penis and realized that it would be impossible to do without making a mess. Like a girl he sat down and peed. He was surprised at how easy it was to pee with the device and how well he slept with it on all night. It was very snug and maybe a little too tight. Ken realized that he probably should have chosen the larger clasp to go around the base of his cock. He decided to keep the smaller one on until the evening. He did not want to disobey his Mistress by unlocking his chastity device.

As instructed he pressed a thick layer of pink glossy lipstick on his lips and pulled out his cock dildo. He stared at the dildo and thought about how crazy things had gotten with him. He thought about putting the dildo away and not sucking it as instructed by his mistress. Ken kneeled in front the full length mirror on his door. He stared at his slutty image and his caged cock. The thought of stopping all the craziness and perverseness lingered in his mind. As he stared at himself a strange power seemed to invade his thoughts. Maybe just one lick won't be bad, he thought. Slowly he raised the cock to his lips. He kissed the tip of the cock, pressing his lips into the rubbery flesh so that his lipstick would transfer onto the cock. He stared at the pink oval and thought that it looked vulgar and a bit erotic. Again he firmly kissed the cock head. He imagined it was Miss Kareena that was wearing it. Her magic was overpowering him and he stared at himself in the mirror and tried to be as sexy as possible by giving slow firm kisses. After 5 minutes Ken's thoughts were a distant memory. He was Kimmee the whore....Kareena's dirty little whore. In 5 minutes the cock was covered in pink butterfly patterns and his cock was fighting the chastity device. He ignored the pain and began to lick off his lipstick.

Ken licked around the head and took the whole shaft into his mouth. He imagined himself as Kimmee the whore who wanted to please her mistress. Kimmee closed her eyes and sucked on the fleshy balls and licked the veiny shaft. It was so vulgar and so wrong, yet he enjoyed the perverseness of it all. Before he knew it five minutes was done. He reapplied his lipstick and began the routine again. When a ½ hour had passed, Ken's mouth was tired and his cock was sore. He had a new respect for all the women that had sucked his cock. He was also satisfied with his new routine. He wished Mistress Kareena were there to see him. He knew she would be proud of Kimmee.

Next Ken showered and headed to work. The chastity device was perfect for preventing erections and keeping his mind on work. However, a few times, just the knowledge of him wearing the chastity device excited him resulting in quite a few painful moments. Sometimes when he would stand up or walk he could hear the padlock jiggle against the cock tube. It was a subtle reminder of his imprisonment.

Going to the bathroom was also easier with the device. There was no saran wrap to deal with and since he couldn't get an erection, he did not have to hideout in the stall until his erections subsided. Ken was equally impressed at how well the device conformed to his natural body. It was not noticeable under his pants. All-in-all Ken liked the chastity device and he was able to be more productive at work.

When he arrived at home that night he instantly e-mailed Miss Kareena. His e-mail read, "Hello Mistress. Thank you so much for my present. I was in quite a bit of pain from all the 'potential erections' but I am learning to control my urges. I was able to get a lot of work done tonight. However, I am afraid I was a little too eager to please you and so I chose the smaller cusp for my cock. It is too tight. May I switch it to the larger one?"

Mistress Kareena was waiting for his e-mail. She replied, "Poor baby. Is your cocky poo all sore? Your eagerness pleases me. You have been very good for me slut. Would you like to cum?"

"Yes! May I cum, please may I cum!"

Kareena's pussy was already getting damp. She could almost feel Ken's excitement. He was on edge and was thinking that he would be allowed to cum. The teasing was soo much fun for Kareena.

"Yes my pet, you may cum. Unlock your chastity device and start stroking your girl cock. Do not cum until I say so. Let me know when you are stroking."

Kareena giggled to herself when she sent the e-mail. She began to finger herself furiously as she thought about Ken trying to unlock the lock. His cock was probably swelling and trying to break free. The pain and pleasure combination was sure to be torturous for Ken. Kareena's pussy was so wet that her fingers glided in and out, making squishing sounds. Her sexual aroma filled the room from the erotic foreplay. She needed to be fucked hard. Kareena grabbed a large dildo and shoved it into her throbbing pussy. She imagined that Ken was fumbling with the keys and starting to panic.

A few minutes went by with no response from Ken. Oh what a confused little girl he is right now, thought Kareena. She was now using two hands on her dildo. She stared at the screen waiting for his response. She pushed the dildo in and out of her pussy. Her pussy muscles flexed and squeezed the rubbery flesh. Finally the message came through. It was marked priority and the subject line read HELP! These four letters sent Kareena over the edge. Her victim was trapped and he knew it. Ken was dependent on her for release. This power and control put Kareena into an erotic high. She screamed and rammed her dildo deep into her throbbing hole. Her eyes closed, her back arched, and waves of pleasure rippled through her body.

With sticky fingers Kareena opened his e-mail. She was insanely aroused at his pleading

"Mistress Kareena, something is wrong! I can't get the lock open!! The key is not working. What should I do? Please help!!!"

She had already crafted a response in her mind, but she waited a few minutes before typing. She liked the idea of Ken waiting in anticipation for her e-mail. Finally she sent him an IM.

MK> "ooops. I must have sent the wrong key. Sorry."

KEN> "Are you serious?? What should I do?"

MK> "Maybe I can mail it to you. Can you make it through the weekend?"

KEN> "(*panicking*) I don't know Mistress. I'm sooo horny and my cock is sore. I don't know what to do."

MK> "Well then we can meet so I can give the key to you. It just so happens that I am in the Atlanta area. We will meet tonight, okay?"

Ken's heart began racing. This was so sudden. He never intended for this relationship to go as far as it did. He never intended for a face-to-face meeting with his mistress. Part of him wanted to meet his mistress but part of him was scared to meet her. He was scared about what could happen between his mistress and him. He was scared for what he really wanted. Deep down he wanted the meeting to happen and he knew his life would not be the same if he did meet his mistress in person. He did not know what to do. His fingers aimlessly typed a reply.

KEN> "I don't. I guess. I'm a little unsure about this."

MK> "Unsure? Why?"

KEN> "Well...I don't know. Just nervous I guess. A little afraid of what could happen. Afraid of where this could lead."

MK> "You're such a sissy. You like what's happened so far, haven't you? I've brought you pleasure that you never thought existed, l haven't I? You're my little slut and you love it. Admit it!!!"

Ken's heart thumped hard in his chest as he read her words. His cock swelled reminding him of how much he was enjoying his relationship with Mistress Kareena and reminding him of how much he needed relief from the cock tube. He was quickly seceding to her plan.

Suddenly pic after pic of Ken was being sent to him. Ken pulled up the images of him dressed as a slut, a sissy, and a dog boy. He had forgotten how many pictures he sent her. Then a message came through from Kareena.

MK> "See what a slut you are for me. You are mine and this is proof!!! This will lead where I want it to lead. I control you. I own you. You are my slut and you love it. Admit it sissy boy."

Ken seemed to get more aroused at Kareena's bold statements and implied consequences of not obeying her. She had him by the balls and he loved it. In a short few minutes she convinced him that it was time to meet.

KEN> "Yes. You are right. I am your slut. I can't help it. I want to obey you and I want to meet you. Where shall we meet?"

Her dominance and manipulation over Ken was exhilarating. Mistress Kareena. was pleased that her plan was coming together. She decided to keep him in suspense for a while.

MK> "mmmm. Yes sissy boy. I'm glad you came around. I knew you would because you are such an obedient boy. You need me slut. I like that. Tomorrow wear pretty panties to work for me. Also pack a bag with all your slutty toys and clothes. I want everything in there...panties, lipstick, dildo, collar and leash, etc.. Got it?"

KEN> "Yes, mistress. Thank you."

MK> "Good girl. Check your e-mail tomorrow afternoon for more instructions. Now get some rest slut. You're going to need it. And don't forget to suck cock tomorrow sissy. Lol. Practice nice and good for me."

KEN> "Yes, Mistress. Good night."

MK> "Good night Kimmee."

The next day was a blurr for Ken. He woke up and sucked the dildo according to Mistress Kareena's orders. He picked out pretty purple panties to wear and he packed all his items into a small black gym bag. At work he could barely concentrate because he was too nervous and excited about meeting his mistress. He checked his e-mail every 10 minutes in hopes of getting Kareena's instructions. Finally at 3:00 the instructions arrived. Ken read them to himself.

"Alright sweet slut...Just a few more hours and your cock will be free from its imprisonment. I bet you can't wait, huh? After work, go check your PO Box. You will find a package there. Open it and follow the instructions. I know you are excited about this...but do not act prematurely by leaving work early. Lol. You must wait until 5:00 before you leave work. See you soon sweetie."

5:00 seemed to take forever to arrive. Finally the hour came and Ken rushed out of work and went right to the post office. On the ride to the post office his body and mind were in emotional havoc. He was nervous and unsure of whether or not he should meet his mistress. At the same time he was excited and thrilled about meeting her. He had always fantasized about being dominated. The online relationship was fun and Ken was surprised at how far he had gone with it. The control Miss Kareena had over him was amazing. Ken knew that a real life situation would be incredibly more exciting. His experience with Miss Jen and Miss D were proof of that. In the past Ken never knew how to get involved with a real Mistress. He thought about paying for a professional Mistress but it was expensive and he never could get up the nerve to do it. Now he was being forced into a real situation and deep down he was glad that it was happening. This is what he wanted.

He parked at the post office and nervously went in. Inside his box was a padded yellow envelope addressed to him. He scanned the package for a return address but there was none. He laughed too himself thinking that would have been too easy. Ken also noticed the postmark was from his post office. He realized that she must have dropped it off in person earlier in the day. His heart thudded with excitement, knowing that his owner was close by. Ken tore open the package as he walked to his car. Inside was a tape cassette a pair of white silky panties in a ziplock bag and a typed letter from his Mistress.

Ken sat in his car and read the letter for Mistress Kareena.

"Hello princess. Get ready for some fun. Put the tape into your tape player and follow the directions exactly!."

Ken pushed the tape into the player and for the first time heard Miss Kareena's voice. It was soft, slow and sexy. Ken's cock swelled against the cock cage from the sweet melody of her voice. Soft and subtle background music complemented her voice. It was a classical melody that enhanced her sensual voice.

"Hello slut! Hello Kimmee. By know your cockypoo must be pushing against its prison, desperate for freedom. Don't worry it will be free in just a little while. Follow my orders and you have nothing to worry about. First, take the white panties I left for you as a gift and hold them in front of your face...."

Ken immediately reached for the panties. He looked around to make sure no one was watching and then he held them in front of his face. He could tell they were expensive. They were silky and lacey. Very pretty. "....While you're doing that, let me tell you a secret. I am actually wearing those panties right now sweetie. Mmmm. that's right princess. When I recorded this tape earlier today I had on those pretty panties that you are holding in your hands right now....."

Ken couldn't control his excitement, knowing that his Mistress was wearing the panties earlier. He endured the pain of his cock pressing against its cage as Mistress continued the teasing. "....Spread open the crotch and take a look at the wet spot.. Mmmmm (*moans and deep breathing*). That's a sign of how much fun we are going to have. I'm going to have a few orgasms by the tine this tape is through, but your not (*laughter*).

Now put my panties up to your nose and smell me. Mmmm. Smell my strong woman odor. It's nice and fresh...from just a few hours ago. O.k. panty boy open your mouth and put them in. Come on now....hurry up darling. Taste my wetness. Taste my excitement. Mmmm. I taste so good don't I?.."

Ken was following all her orders. Her smell was strong and delicious. The panties were soaked and he easily sucked in some of her juices. He could not wait to taste her pussy in person..

"...Alright my little pervert princess. Keep those panties in your mouth and start-up your car. Let's go for a fun erotic ride (*laughter*)."

For the next hour Mistress Kareena teased Ken in his car. She teased and verbally abused him. It was obvious that she was playing with herself because there was constant moaning and groaning in between her orders. Sometimes she just instructed Ken to drive and listen and she would moan and play with herself and describe what she was doing. Ken could hear the squishy sounds of her fingers plunging in and out of her slick pussy. This was driving him completely insane with erotic excitement. Throughout the drive she instructed him to do various tasks such as pick up a case of beer, buy dog treats for her puppyslut, and buy a bottle of wine.

While Ken was on his mission, Miss Kareena decided to stop by the adult store where Ken had done all his shopping. At first she wanted to follow Ken around and make sure he was doing everything as ordered. However, she thought it would be more fun to visit the adult store and try to meet the salesgirl he had been dealing with. She also thought it would be fun to have her princess boy stop by the store and pick up a butt plug while she was there. She could check him out without him even knowing it. Mistress Kareena chuckled to herself as she thought how twisted and fun the idea was. She entered the store figuring she had about 45 minutes before her princess slut boy would be coming.

In the store, Kareena suddenly felt nervous. When she planned everything it was thrilling and in her mind she was the confident mistress playing with her toyboy. Reality was that she had never done anything like this before. She was about to meet the salesgirl who knew about Ken. It would be her first in-person conversation with someone about her sissy boy.

Kareena's thoughts were interrupted by words from a beautiful young sales girl, "...hi may I help you find something."

"uh. Hi. Well, yes. Actually, I'm looking for Jen."

"That's me. What can I help you with?"

Kareena stuttered a bit but managed to inform Jen who she was and that she had sent Ken into the store a few times to buy slutty items.

Jen's listened patiently and then confidently responded, "Oh yes. Kenny the sissy boy. He's such a great sissy boy. You've done well with him."

"Thank you. He is great. I'm glad to hear he's been following my orders."

"Oh yes. He even told us he couldn't cum. The poor boy. I thought he was going to explode when we dressed him up the other day."

A look of surprise crossed Kareena's face. "Dressed him up? What do you mean?"

Jen knew that Ken had not told his mistress everything that occurred. She was a cunning and conniving seductress. She was enjoying getting him into trouble. She explained everything to Kareena.

"When you sent him in to buy panties and stockings he was like a lost puppy trying to figure out what to get. It was so cute. My assistant and I gave him a little help. We took his measurements and then I helped him find the lingerie that you ordered him to buy. I also picked out several other slutty outfits for him to try on. You would have been proud of him. He looked so cute dressed like a sissy and he was so aroused from it all. You're lucky to have such an obedient sissy boy."

Kareena was unsure how to react. Several different emotions filled her. She was angry that he had not told her everything that went on in the store. She was a bit jealous at how much Jen had done with Ken. She was also thrilled the Jen had played along with the game and teased Ken and treated him like a sissy. Jen could sense the confusion within Kareena. Kareena was in a vulnerable state and it pleased Jen to know this. To Jen, everything was about control and she had to control everything and everyone. Establishing this control was an art and Kareena was already becoming one of Jen's masterpieces. Before Kareena could react, Jen jumped in and reassured her.

"Don't worry Kareena. Your sissy was very loyal to you. He told us that he was not allowed to cum and we honored that. He speaks very highly of you and is very obedient. I could tell that you already had him in an aroused state and submissive state. It was your power over him that made him so obedient for us. You should be proud of yourself."

Jen's words were comforting to Kareena. She was new to all this and it helped to have someone else reassure her. Jen was young but very confident and sure of herself. Her presence was very domineering and commanding. Kareena could tell that she was experienced with domination. Kareena realized that Jen would be a great ally to have and a great teacher for her. "Thank you Jen. It's good to hear that. I guess I'm just upset that he didn't tell me everything."

"And you should be. A sissy should be open with his mistress. Perhaps a punishment is in order." Jen giggled.

"Yes, a punishment would be good. This is perfect timing. I am actually meeting him tonight. In fact he'll probably be coming into the store in about ½ hour, unaware that I am here."

Jen smiled. "Really! That is great. Does he know what you look like?"

"No. I thought it would be fun to have him shop for a butt plug and not even know that his mistress was watching."

"Great idea Kareena. You are getting good at this." Jen grabbed Kareena's hand and pulled her towards the back of the store. "Come with me. We must devise a plan to punish sissy boy."

Kareena followed Jen thinking it was odd at how things were turning out. She had imagined herself talking to Jen and complimenting her for playing along with Ken. She imagined herself as a confident mistress talking to a shy salesgirl. The reality was that Jen had quickly taken control of the situation and had dominated the conversation. Kareena's pussy tingled as she held Jen's hand and followed her up a long set of stairs. She was excited at connecting with an experienced person. She was excited at the prospect of learning new things. The pecking order was established and Kareena was happy to be at the bottom.

Jen led Kareena into an office that was above the store. It was furnished with leather couches and plush leather chairs. An oversized Mahogany desk sat along one wall. Erotic pictures and drawings lined the walls. Most were of a dominant nature. One particular picture caught Kareena's attention. It was a drawing of a woman standing with her legs apart. A man was kneeling in front of her, facing away from her. His head was arched backward and was buried in her pussy. Her hand was firmly placed on the back of his head, pushing him deep into her pussy.

Jen noticed Kareena's attention on the picture and she walked over to the picture. "Ah. You like this one. It's one of my favorites. This is the way every man should be. On his knees and pleasuring his mistress. Wouldn't you agree?"

Kareena's pussy dampened as she stared at the image. It definitely radiated a sense of control and superiority for women. She imagined Ken in the same position and her body shuddered. "Yes. I can't wait to get Ken like that."

Jen motioned to a round mahogany table surrounded by brown leather chairs. "Have a seat."

Kareena sat down and surveyed the room. It was decorated very eloquently and very expensively. It was not what she expected from such a young girl. "Is this your office?"

"Yes it is. You like it?"

"It's very nice. You must be doing very well for yourself. Do you own the store?"

"Thank you and yes this is my store. You seem a little surprised at all this?"

Kareena was surprised. She didn't want to offend Jen but she was curious at her success. "Sorry. It's just that...well...you're so young. How did you get all this?"

Jen giggled. She chose to sit behind her desk instead of at the table with Kareena. It was a power move that was effective. "It's all about control my dear. I learned at an early age that people could easily be influenced and manipulated through a little charm and wit. It's amazing the things men will do for you just from a little flirting and teasing. Just look at what sissy Ken has done for you and you haven't even met him in person."

Both girls laughed. Jen continued, "My biggest power move was against my dad. He owned this store and I've always worked here to help him out. He was a real jerk to my mother. He cheated on her constantly. With the help of a video camera I caught him in some very compromising, illegal, and embarrassing situations. I used this evidence to control him. I forced him to divorce my mom. I forced him to sign the store over to me and leave town. When it was all done I felt so great."

"Wow. That's an amazing story."

"There's more. After my dad I began to go after other men. You would be surprised at how many men crave to be dominated and controlled. I even enlisted my friend Dee to help me out. Together we have several sissies and slaves that shop here regularly. They buy whatever we want them to buy no matter the price. The sales in my store keep going up and up. Your sissy is a perfect example. He came in just to buy one outfit for you. Instead he walked out with hundreds of dollars of merchandise."

Kareena listened with fascination and envy. Jen could see that she was drawing Kareena in. Jen was taking a liking to Kareena. She felt the need to take Kareena under her wing. She stood up and walked over to the table and sat down next to Kareena. "Kareena, I can tell you're new at this and you are eager to learn. This is the way to go. I have a lot and I don't work hard for it. I have a sissy maid that cleans my office and my home. He has not cum in two months (*laughter*). I have a BMW, diamond rings, and lots of other expensive stuff. I didn't pay for any of them. They were all gifts from my slaves and sluts."

Kareena was nodding her head in agreement. Her eyes were wide with excitement, like a kid in a candy store. She wanted to learn more about controlling men. She wanted this lifestyle. "Wow. Jen. You have an incredible life. The more I learn about this lifestyle the more I love it."

"Great! You're doing well. Now let's talk about sissy Ken's punishment and how you can take full control of him."

For the next 20 minutes Jen and Kareena hammered out a plan for the weekend. It was seductive, cunning, and devious. It was sure to change Ken and Kareena's life forever. Just as they were wrapping up, Dee's voice projected through a speaker on Jen's desk, "Miss Jen, sissy Ken is here."

Kareena hurried downstairs. Jen purposely stayed back for a few minutes to give Kareena a chance to observe her slut. Jen pulled open a cabinet in her office, which held a TV. The TV was on and the screen was divided into 4 blocks. Two blocks showed different angles of the store and two blocks had images of her dressing rooms. It was a state of the art security system she had installed. Although it was designed for security, Jen used it for her own perverted purposes. In fact she had a tape full of nothing but Ken being a slut. All his perverted experiences in the store had been recorded. It was a tape that would be revealed to Ken over the weekend.

In the store, Ken made his way to the butt plug section. He wondered if Miss Jen was working. He greeted Miss D when he walked in and he noticed one woman browsing some merchandise on the other side of the store. By now he was comfortable shopping in the adult store, but he still wished no one was there but him. The fact that he was buying a butt plug was a little embarrassing.

He stared at the selection on the shelf. There were small, medium, and large sizes. His instructions were to buy a small one and a large one. The small one was to start is anal training and the large one was so he could see his final goal. He couldn't ever imagine the large one fitting into his ass. He cringed thinking about it. He was still looking at the package when the woman in the store came over to where he was. She smiled at him and said "Hi."

Ken blushed, embarrassed at what he had in his hands. Meekly he replied, "hi," and walked away

Kareena chuckled to herself at his embarrassment. Her panties were dripping wet from her excitement. Being next to her pet was so exhilarating. Hearing his voice and seeing his embarrassment sent a sexual charge through her. She watched him head toward the counter. Just then Jen came out from the back.

Jen's voice was purposely loud, "Look who it is, Sissy Ken. How are you today?

Ken's body language and expressions instantly went submissive. He was aware of the woman in the store glancing over at him and he felt a bit humiliated from being called a sissy in front of her. "ah. Good Miss Jen. Thank you."

"What brings you in today. What slutty things are you up to?"

He was a little uncomfortable talking with Miss Jen with another customer in the store. She obviously liked humiliating him like this and he knew better than to question her about it. "Well...ah....mistress wants me to buy butt plugs."

"Ooohhhh. How nice. Now you'll really be a sissy. Perhaps you should have a nice sissy name?" "Well, actually Miss Jen, I already have a sissy name."

Even though Jen knew this from her conversation with Kareena, she acted surprised "you do? What is it dear?"

"It's Kimmee."

"Kimmee. How cute!! It fits you perfectly. Is Kimmee excited about having her ass filled with a plug. Mmmm baby, it will be just like a pussy. Aren't you excited Kimmee?"

Hearing Miss Jen say his feminine name was so strange. It was the first time he heard anyone actually say it. It sent an erotic charge through his body and made him feel very girlish. His cock swelled against the cock tube. His slight grimace from the pain was noticed by Kareena from across the room. She chuckled to herself knowing that he was suffering as a result of her.

Ken replied, "I don't know Miss Jen. I've never had anything in my ass before. I don't know if I'll like it."

"Of course you'll like it sweetie. You are such a sissy slut. You'll probably be dying to cum once you feel the fullness in your ass. Weren't you begging me to fuck you up the ass last time your were here (*laugh*)."

Ken had forgotten about that. "Yes. I guess I was, but I was so horny. I couldn't help it."

"See what I mean darling. You are a slut. You want it bad don't you. Don't worry all sissies are the same. I know your little pee-pee is trying to grow hard just thinking about it. Still have it tucked between your legs like a little pussy?"

Ken's face started to flush red. He was hoping Miss Jen would not mention his cock. He didn't want to admit that he was in a chastity device. It was pointless to try and hide it now. "Well....not exactly. My mistress has me in a chastity device the keeps me from getting hard."

Ken braced himself for laughter. He was surprised at Miss Jen's reaction. She was smiling and interested. "Well, your mistress is very smart. She knows how to control a sissy. In a bit of pain are you?"

"Yes. It's has helped me stay calm and I do like wearing it for her but I've had it on for a few days and I am so horny! I'm dying to take it off but she has the keys." Ken expected to see a look of surprise on Miss Jen's face but she remained interested and un-phased at his revelation. He continued. "I'm extra horny today because I am going to meet her in person. I can't wait!!"

His last revelation caused an reaction from Miss Jen "That's fabulous!! She will be so proud of her Kimmee! So you can't wait to get that thing off, huh?"

"Yes. I'm just soo horny and my cock keeps trying to get hard but this device is so tight around my cock that my cock can't get hard."

Miss Jen reached down and squeezed his crotch area. She could feel the hardness of the cock tube in his pants. This gesture excited Ken and his cock swelled and he grimaced in pain. Miss Jen giggled at his predicament. She leaned in and whispered in his ear, "such erotic torture. It's nice to see a boy suffer for his mistress. You are very loyal and obedient. "

Ken took a few deep breaths. He was surprised by the next words that were whispered in his ears, "I have a surprise for your obedience. A gift from Mistress Kareena."

His body tensed at the sound of his mistress's name. He stepped back a few steps and stared at Miss Jen with curiosity and astonishment.

Miss Jen was reveling in the full attention that she was commanding from Ken. She knew he was focused on every word that she said. She reached into her bra and produced a key and held it upright between her forefinger and thumb like a carrot in front of the horse; A prize for Ken to claim. "It just so happens that your mistress stopped by for a visit today. We had a lovely chat about you Kimmee. You're in for quite an adventurous weekend. I would be excited too if I were you. Would you like me to free that little pee-pee of yours?"

It took Ken a few seconds to respond. He was in a daze. His Mistress had actually come into the store and met Miss Jen. Ken's pulse quickened. A million thoughts rushed through his mind. What did they talk about? Did she know about Miss D? Did Miss Jen tell her about how Ken played 'dress-up' in the store and the he begged like a little sissy to be fucked up the ass? Ken wondered whether Mistress Kareena would be mad or excited from everything she learned. He didn't know what to do. He just had to take it one step at a time. His eyes focused on the key and it finally sunk in that freedom was right in front of him. Miss Jen held the key to his chastity device. Excitedly he replied, "Yes! Yes! Please unlock the device."

Miss Jen thought about toying with him a bit, but she figured he had been through enough torture. "Follow me," ordered Miss Jen. She walked to one of the dressing rooms and Ken hurried after her.

By now Mistress Kareena had made her way back up to Miss Jen's office. She sat in front of the large television and watched with intense interest and arousal at the scene taking place in the dressing room below.

She watched Ken unzip his pants and drop them to the floor. She could see a large wet spot on the front of his purple panties. Miss Jen stared at it and ran her finger over the wet spot. "Hmmmm. It seems that even with a chastity device you still wet your panties. Such a naughty little girl.." Miss Jen used both hands to pull down Ken's panties. His cock was swelling against the cock tube. He could not control himself. Being talked to like a little girl was sexually exhilarating. Ken felt submissive and girlish.

On the TV monitor Mistress Kareena stared at the chastity device on Ken. She clicked a few keys on a keyboard in front of her and zoomed the camera in on the device. Her pussy quivered and pulsed at the sight of it.

Jen inserted the key into the lock and turned it. Ken's heart skipped with excitement at the clicking sound. Miss Jen removed the lock. She tugged at the cock tube. It did not come off easy since Ken's cock was swelling. Slowly she managed to work it off his cock. His cock instantly swelled to its full size. Precum oozed out the tip. The feeling was heavenly and Ken gasped at the fullness of his cock.

Miss Jen reached down and rubbed the precum over the tip of Ken's cock. She commented. "Mmmm. Yes. Your little pee-pee is happy to be free."

Ken's entire body shuddered. It had been over two days since his cock had been able to grow to its full length. The freedom was a welcome feeling. He was grateful to Miss Jen. "Thank you for freeing my pee-pee Miss Jen."

"Well you should thank your Mistress when you see her. She was nice enough to stop by, introduce herself and give me the key." Miss Jen continued stroking Ken's cock and massaging the leaking cum over his cock head and shaft. With her other hand she grasped his balls and gave them a firm but gentle squeeze. Ken's knees weakened and he moaned at the pleasure. With one hand firmly on his shaft and one hand firmly squeezing his balls, Jen had Ken's undivided attention. His mind was blank. All he could think about was the pleasure between his legs. Miss Jen was enjoying the game. She continued to speak to Ken.

"Your mistress also gave me a few instructions to prepare you for her visit. I know you're going to be a good girl and listen to me, right Kimmee?"

Ken did not have to think twice about the answer to her question. He just nodded his head in agreement. Miss Jen giggled and squeezed his balls and cock once more before letting go. Ken's cock seemed to pulse a few times by itself and then he was left with any empty feeling....a need for more attention to his cock. He wanted Miss Jen to continue playing with him. His urges were strong. He wanted Miss Jen to fuck him hard. This thought was another sign of Ken's transition into feminine submissiveness. Prior to meeting his mistress he always thought about fucking girls. Now it was instinctive for him to want to be fucked by the girl. This was a subtle but significant difference in his mindset.

Miss Jen instructed Ken to open the package that contained the smaller butt plug. Ken did as instructed, his heart pounding harder knowing where this was going to lead. He pulled the plug out of the package. It was flesh colored and rubbery. It was about 6 inches long and narrow at the top. Towards the bottom the plug bulged out a few inches and then narrowed again. At the bottom of the plug was a flat base.

Miss Jen took the plug from Ken and then opened a small packet of lubrication and began rubbing the lube on the plug. She took her time greasing up the plug, knowing that Ken was staring and thinking hard about what was about to happen. Ken's cock seemed to twitch at the perverseness of the situation. Although the plug was narrow, Ken still could not imagine it fitting inside his ass. His ass tingled as he thought about it. Part of him was excited at having his ass filled. It was so perverted and he knew he would feel like a true sissy with his ass filled. On the other hand, Ken knew that having his ass filled would take away almost all the masculinity he had left. He had come a long way into being feminized but he saw this as a big step forward. He knew it would be hard for him to turn back after the night was over. The thought of protesting entered his mind but quickly retreated at the sound of Miss Jen's commanding voice.

"O.K. slutty girl. Bend over and show me that boy pussy."

Miss Jen radiated control and dominance. Her presence alone was intimidating to Ken. He obeyed her order with out hesitation. Ken had figured eventually his Mistress would fill his ass with something. However nothing could ever prepare him for the sensations that he was about to experience.

First he felt her slick fingers slide up and down his ass crack. His body shuddered at the strange sensation. Slowly she worked a finger in and out his asshole. At first the intrusion felt awkward and weird. However, as her fingers probed his ass and the lubrication coated his insides, an erotic warm feeling rose up through Ken. It was like nothing he ever felt before. Just as he was beginning to get used to the pleasure Miss Jen removed her fingers. Then he felt the tip of the plug at his ass. His ass seemed to contract and tighten and the new intrusion.

Miss Jen coached him. "Relax darling. You're going to love this. Your going to love having your pussy filled."

Her words relaxed and excited Ken. Her reference to his ass as a pussy heightened his arousal. He felt the tip push in slightly and then back out. It was slick and rubbery. Miss Jen pushed the plug in and out of his ass again. She continued to do this, working the plug in deeper with each push. Each push was a shot of pleasure to Ken and each push was milking cum out of his cock. A small pool of cum was forming on the tile floor beneath Ken. At the moment no one seemed to care about the pool of cum but Jen had plans for the when all was said and done.

Finally Jen was able to get the wide part of the plug into Ken's ass. Once the bulge passed the opening of Ken's ass, his ass closed around the plug and held it in place. The fullness inside Ken was mind blowing. Ken had never experienced such intense and focused pleasure before. His ass was full and tingling. His cock was twitching and dripping cum. Ken's mind was on emotional overload. He almost began to cry at the intense pleasure. All he could do was stand there and take deep breaths and moan, "oh my god.....oh my god....this is incredible!!"

If Miss Jen's hands were on his cock now he would have cum. If there was a hole in the wall Ken would have run over and fucked it. However with no pressure on his cock he could not cum. He wanted to desperately cum but he could not. Miss Jen's voice slowly penetrated all the crazed emotions that were filling Ken's head. "Don't you cum Kimmee....hold that nasty cum inside.....concentrate and hold it in....Don't disappoint your mistress!!" Ken's eyes were closed and he focused in on her voice. He began to take deep breaths and try to calm himself down. Finally his head cleared and he opened his eyes to see Miss Jen grinning at him.

She smiled. "That was a close one Kimmee. You did good but you still made a mess on my floor with that leaky thing of yours.." Miss Jen pointed at the pool of cum on the tile floor. Get down there and clean it up."

Ken knew exactly what she meant and he obediently got down on his hands and knees and licked up his sticky cum off the floor. As he bent down he could feel the butt plug sliding out if his ass. He reached around with one hand and held it in. Miss Jen giggled at his awkward position.

When Ken was finished, the spot on the floor was cleaner than it had been all day. Next Miss Jen ordered him to stand up and then she walked over and held out his purple panties for him to step into. She slid them up his legs and said, "these should help keep that plug in your ass." Ken finished getting dressed. The plug seemed to want to slide out of his ass but as Miss Jen had indicated, his tight panties held it in.

Ken was not the only one who made a mess. Upstairs in Miss Jen's office, Kareena had watched and heard the whole scene on the TV in Miss Jen's office. Her fingers probed and pulled at her pussy during the entire ordeal. Kareena was in awe at the power and control that Miss Jen commanded over Ken. Jealousy had quickly given away to fascination and arousal. She could see that Ken hung on Miss Jen's every word. She could see that Miss Jen had driven Ken to the point that he was a mindless robot willing to do anything she wanted. She watched a young and devious girl manipulate, humiliate, and control a grown man. Kareena was grateful that Miss Jen had aroused and softened Ken up for her. He was going to be puddy in her hands later that night.

Watching Miss Jen manipulate Ken was an extremely erotic experience for Kareena. Seeing her work the butt plug into her little slutgirl was too much for Kareena. While her little Kimmee was lost in an emotional hurricane, Kareena was pushing her fingers deep into her pulsing hole and bucking like a crazed woman in the plush leather chair. She imagined herself fucking Kimmee with a long strap-on. Kareena's pussy tightened and pulled her fingers deep into her hole. She arched her back and enjoyed the rush of pleasure that coursed through her body. By the time Miss Jen slid Kimmee's panties on, another orgasm slammed Kareena. This time she screamed out with pleasure. Out of the corner of her eye, she was certain she saw Kimmee look up towards the camera and give a knowing smile.

When Kareena was done she stood up and straightened her clothes. The room smelled heavily of her sex and she could see a large damp spot on the leather chair where she had been sitting. Although she was alone her face flushed with embarrassment at her mark. She quickly made her way back down to the store.

When Kareena walked into the store, she positioned herself in a spot where she could easily overhear the conversation between Ken and Miss Jen.. Miss Jen was commenting about the meeting that was going to take place that night between Ken and Mistress Kareena.

"your mistress is going to be proud of her Kimmee. I just know it. Did you buy her a gift?"

Ken's body tensed. He didn't think about that. "A gift. Uhh..no .she didn't tell me to."

"Naughty girl. She shouldn't have to tell you. She's your mistress. You need to take care of her!"

Panic started to set in with Ken. Amused, Jen jumped in to save the day for him. She gently rubbed his shoulder and talked down to him like he was a little girl. "Awww. Don't worry Kimmee. Miss Jen is going to help you out. We'll pick out a nice set of lingerie for her. Would you like that Kimmee?"

"Yes...but...I have no idea what size she is?"

"Let me worry about that. I'll find something that will fit just about anybody."

Jen actually had an outfit in mind. Before Ken even walked into the store, Jen knew that he would be walking out with a black mini dress for his Mistress. It was what Jen wanted and it was just a matter of manipulating him into buying it. Everything Jen said to Ken had a purpose. Her conversations were always purposely leading him in a specific direction. She knew he had a sissy name and she made him want to tell her it. She knew he was going to meet his Mistress that night and she manipulated him into admitting that to her. Manipulation and influence were skills that Jen had mastered and had made a natural part of her every day life. Every move she made was calculated. She was beautiful, intelligent, and cunning. An attractive and dangerous combination that put guys and girls under her spell..

The outfit she had in mind would fit Kareena perfectly. Out of habit she had sized up Kareena pretty quickly when she first walked into the store. She figured her breasts to be a 36C and everything else to be a small or medium size. Over the years Jen had become a pro at sizing up people's measurements just from a quick look over. Jen walked over to a rack along the wall and pulled off a simple black mini dress. It was a dress the Jen knew would cling to Kareena and accentuate all her curves perfectly. The thin spaghetti straps would look sexy on her shoulders. Jen pictured one strap inadvertently sliding off a shoulder, providing an inviting view of Kareena's firm breasts. The thought caused Jen to shudder. She could not wait to see it on Kareena. She glanced over at Kareena and gave a quick wink before returning to Ken.

Kareena's heart fluttered for a second from the playful flirtation. It was strange but she was becoming infatuated with Jen. She was not into girls, at least she never was before, and so the slight tingling and pulsing feeling in her pussy was confusing to Kareena. She shook it off as arousal form the strange situation she was in. Kareena was a little unsure about the dress. It was a little provocative for her tastes. Then again it's probably perfect for the occasion, thought Kareena.

Jen held the dress up for Ken. "This will be perfect. I guarantee she'll look sexy in this and your mouth will be watering." Jen walked over to the cash register. She wanted to usher Ken out of the store quickly so that Kareena could get back to her plan. This as also Mistress Kareena's cue to leave. Quietly she disappeared out of the store and headed to her hotel to prepare for Ken's arrival.

Miss Jen rang up the order. She smiled at the total amount of $175. Ken was easy money to her now. She figured that going forward he would be worth at least $150 a visit. "No need for your credit card Kimmee. I have it on file." Miss Jen printed out the receipt and handed it over to Ken to sign.

Looking at the total amount, his stomach tensed. Financially he was feeling the impact of this new lifestyle. He was enjoying it too much to argue. Somehow he would figure out how to pay for it all. Ken signed the receipt and handed over to Miss Jen. Miss Jen walked around the counter and handed him his bag. "Now then, we have just one more order of business. I have instructions for you from Mistress Kareena. However, you must give me the cassette tape from your car in order to get them."

This was a departure from Kareena's original plan. She had never anticipated that Miss Jen would take control of the situation and talk her into allowing Ken's cock to be freed from the chastity device. The whole ordeal with the butt plug was Jen's idea. Therefore, the rest of the tape recording was irrelevant at this point so Kareena wrote a note and asked Jen to exchange it for the tape.

Ken ran out to the car and returned with the tape. Miss Jen smiled and handed him the note. It read:

You're doing great slut! Now go directly to the Marriott Hotel, room 372. I'll be waiting for you!"

Ken's pulse quickened. He was finally going to meet his mistress. Jen patted him on the ass and said, "How fun tonight Kimmee. Be sure to stop back and let us know how everything went."

"Thanks. I'm a little nervous. It should be fun though." Ken walked out to his car aroused and excited at what waited for him.

DOMINATING KEN PART VII - MEETING MISTRESS KAREENA

The butt plug jiggled in Ken's ass as he walked to his car, causing him great excitement. When he sat down he couldn't help but wiggle around and enjoy the exotic pleasures caused by the plug. He had never understood why guys would want something shoved up their ass. Now he had crossed the line and experienced it for himself. Now he knew the miraculous sensations it produced. For the first time since he met Miss Kareena, he put all his doubts and concerns aside. He was glad about everything that had happened to him. He was proud to be her sissy. He finally admitted to himself that he enjoyed wearing silky panties, stockings, and other girly things. The plug was a like a wonder drug to Ken. A drug that overloaded Ken's mind and body with pleasure and erotic thoughts. He was on an erotic high and in a zombie like trance. All he could think about was the pleasure coursing through his body. All he could think about was pleasing his mistress and thanking her for all the pleasure she was bringing him.

Ken pulled into the hotel parking lot, not even remembering the ride there. His left hand was sticky with precum from stroking his cock while he drove. Having a plug in his ass seemed to make his cock much more leaky. Ken found a napkin on the car floor and used it to wipe off his cock. He licked the stickiness off his fingers and zipped up his pants. He sat in his car for about 5 minutes until his cock finally shrunk down. This was a moment when he wished his cock tube were on. It was going to be difficult keeping his cock soft as he walked through the hotel.

Ken grabbed his duffel bag filled with all his toys and panties and got out of the car. During the ride his plug had nestled comfortably in his ass. When he stood up, the fullness of the plug in Ken's ass could not be ignored. The strange feeling stirred up his arousal rather quickly. By the time he walked into the hotel lobby his pants were bulging. The lobby was grand and brightly lit. Although no one noticed him, Ken felt as if a spotlight was directing attention to him and his obvious hard-on. Ken awkwardly held his duffel bag in front of his crotch and quickly made his way to the elevator. Thankfully the elevator was empty. He pressed the 3rd floor button and suddenly realized his moment of meeting his mistress was about to come. He could hardly contain his excitement. His cock twitched in his pants, his ass muscles clenched the plug. By the time the doors opened for the 3rd floor, Ken had a nice round wet spot on the front of his pants. Just his luck, the room he was looking for was at the opposite end of the hallway.

With a hard-on and his heart excitedly pounding, Ken made his way down the hallway. He prayed no one would walk by. To prevent an embarrassing situation, Ken continued to awkwardly walk with the duffel bag covering his crotch. Finally his eyes landed on room 372. He stared at the door for a second, his mind in erotic shock. He could not believe he was about to go through with the meeting. His meekness was evident in his soft knock on the door. Ken waited a few seconds in silence and no one answered the door. For a second he wondered whether he was at the right place. Thoughts raced through his head. Did I read the note right....Is this the right hotel..am I at the right door. . Ken knocked again, this time with a little more force. A firm voice from the other side of the door broke the silence. "Who is it?"

The voice matched the woman's voice that had been giving him orders all day on the cassette tape. Ken was relieved that he finally arrived at his destination. "It is me, Ken."

"Ken? I don't know any Ken. You have the wrong room. I was expecting a female."

Ken's pulse quickened. It took him a few seconds to realize the game his mistress was playing. "I'm sorry Mistress. It's me Kimmee."

Mistress Kareena peeked through the eyehole. Her excitement was just as high as Ken's. She was delighted that this moment had arrived. Her pussy tingled and dampened at the sight of her sissy nervously standing outside her door. The fun was just starting. "A little confused at who you are aren't you? You don't look like a Kimmee. Are you wearing pretty panties?"

"Yes."

"Prove it. Show them to me."

Ken nervously looked from side to side. The hallway was empty. He unzipped his pants for his Mistress to see. Mistress Kareena was happy to see a large bulge in the panties. She was not done toying with him yet. "Don't be shy dear. Drop your pants all the way down so I can get a good look at your pretty panties."

Ken protested, "but Mistress....what if someone walks by? Can I show you in the room?"

Miss Kareena remained firm. "If someone walks by then they'll know what a real sissy you are. Now listen to your mistress and drop your pants! While you're at it take off your shirt so I can see those little titties."

Ken knew arguing was futile and he did not want to upset his mistress. He was also becoming more aroused at her feminine references to him. His titties seemed to tingle. His expressions and movements seemed more girlish and feminine. Psychologically Ken evaporated and Kimmee came to life. He pushed his pants down to his ankles and removed his shirt. He stood in the quiet hallway almost naked. His cock throbbed and peeked out over the top of the panties. A large wet spot covered the front of his panties. Miss Kareena commented on it.

"Awww. Did little Kimmee wet her panties? So naughty and dirty. Turn around for me darling. Nice and slow."

Slowly Kimmee turned around. Although he could not see Miss Kareena, he felt her eyes inspecting his girlish body. Suddenly the butt plug felt big and awkward. It felt as if it was pushing back against his panties. He wondered if Miss Kareena could see the outline of the plug under his panties. He felt silly and yet he was fully aroused.

"Mmmm very nice Kimmee. You are quite a princess. Tonight, however, you are my slutpuppy." The door opened slightly and a small black velvet bag dropped on the floor before the door shut again. "Get down on your hands and knees slutpuppy and put on the items that are in the bag."

Kimmee's excitement grew at the thought of being her slutpuppy. He did not expect it, and the unexpected surprise thrilled him. He got down on his hands and knees and opened the bag. Inside was a purple leather collar covered in rhinestone studs. Matching cuffs accompanied the collar. Attached to the collar was a purple heart tag that read "Kimmee." Kimmee's cock twitched and bobbed at the sight of his girl name written on the tag. It was a permanent symbol of his new lifestyle. For a moment he forget where he was and he admired his collar. Then he heard a door close from around the corner and remembered he was kneeling in the middle of a hallway wearing panties with his pants around his ankles. Quickly he snapped the collar around his neck and put the cuffs on. He figured the faster he obeyed, the quicker he could get out of the hall.

When he was ready, the door opened slightly. "Hand me your bag and the velvet bag slut puppy."

Kimmee was eager to see his mistress, but the door was only slightly open. All he could see was her hand held out. His eyes took in her sexy red fingernails. Her fingers were slender and her nails were nicely manicured. This small glimpse of his mistress intrigued Kimmee and made him anxious to see more. Kimmee moved the bags over to her hand and she took them inside. Next she produced a dog leash and a blindfold. "Put these on" she ordered.

Kimmee did as instructed. Oddly, Kimmee felt more secure with his eyes covered. If someone walked by, at least he would not see him or her and he or she would not make eye contact with him. The blindfold was a mask that hid his reality. Finally Kimmee heard the door push open and he eagerly crawled in to escape the public hallway.

He was halfway through the doorway when h felt a sharp tug on his leash, which forced him to stop. "Slow down there puppy!! I didn't tell you to come in yet."

"Sorry Mistress. Please can I come in?"

"Perhaps if you beg I might let you. Up on your knees Kimmee!"

Kimmee was overly aroused from the constant jiggling of the butt plug and from meeting his mistress that he didn't care what he had to do. He followed her orders like a good puppy. Kimmee sat up on his knees and put his hands in front of him like a begging dog. "Please Mistress, may I come in. I really want to come in. Please!!"

"Hmmm. Last time I remembered dogs didn't talk. Try begging again slut!"

Kimmee felt silly and a little humiliated but he played her game. He just wanted to get out of the hallway. Kimmee barked and whined like a begging dog. His barking echoed through the hallways and Kimmee imagined a few people got a laugh from it.

Miss Kareena patted him on the head. "Very good slutpuppy. Follow me." Kimmee did not have much of a choice. Kareena forcefully pulled on the leash causing him to lurch forward. He quickly got in step with her and followed into the room, crawling like a dog.

"Back on your knees, slutpuppy. Hands behind your head."

Kimmee did as he was told. He could hear Miss Kareena's soft footsteps slowly circling him. His cock twitched in anticipation of what was going to happen. Something firm and cold slid over his shoulders and down his back. Kimmee guessed it was the end of a riding crop. Miss Kareena commented as she traced his body with the riding crop, "mmmm yes. Very nice. I am pleased to have such a nice slutpuppy...." Kimmee's body shivered as the cool leather slid over his chest and traced his nipples. Slowly it slid down to his stomach and beyond. The riding crop traced the underside of his hard cock through the silky panties. "....so horny. I know you're just dying to cum for me."

Miss Kareena traced the length of his cock up and down a few times. Kimmee pushed his hips forward, trying to feel more pressure from her riding crop. He whispered, "yes. I want to cum."

Miss Kareena suddenly pulled the leather crop back and quickly snapped it back onto his cock. He flinched from the unexpected slap. It was enough pressure to get his attention, without causing too much pain. "Didn't we already agree that dogs don't talk? I want barks or silence, got it! Speak only when I direct you to speak!"

Kimmee nodded his head to show that he understood. He was not used to being reprimanded so quickly and firmly. The reality of his situation was sinking in. This was no longer an online game. It was reality. He was cuffed, collared and at her mercy. Butterflies filled his stomach and fluttered through his cock. He never felt so excited and alive as he did at that moment.

Kimmee felt his shoes being pulled off. He remained silent and still. Next his pants were pulled all the way off his legs. Kimmee heard the bed squeak as Mistress sat down. Then she instructed, "back on your hands and knees and get that ass up in the air for me."

When he was in position, she moved behind him and pulled down his pretty purple panties. Her hand pressed against the putt plug and pushed it deep into him. Kimmee gasped at the sudden burst of pleasure it created. The plug naturally started to slide out and she pushed it in again. She repeated this over and over again, creating the sensation that he was being slowly and gently fucked up the ass. It was a new and intense pleasure for Kimmee. His cock felt harder and more sensitive than he ever imagined. Kimmee was not used to experiencing pleasure like this without having pressure on his cock. It felt so good, yet he could not cum. His mind was thoughtless as he savored the pleasure. Kimmee pushed his ass backwards, taking in the hardness. He imagined his "pussy" being fucked by mistress. He wondered if he could have an orgasm if he fucked the plug hard enough.

Mistress Kareena laughed. "Such a slut. You like having your pussy fucked don't you? Look at you, humping a plug like a horny dog. It's almost pathetic what silly sissies like you do for pleasure. Bark for me if you like this."

Kimmee didn't care how silly he sounded. He barked out loud while mistress continued to play with his butt plug.

"Good puppy. If you're good for me, maybe I'll put on my strap-on and fuck your tight little pussy. Would you like that?"

Kimmee excitedly barked once and nodded his head.

"Mmm yes. I knew you'd love that. You've turned into such a horny dog. It will happen when the time is right slutpuppy. Would you like to see your mistress now?"

Kimmee was waiting for this moment. He sat up like a dog begging and barked. Mistress Kareena was pleased with his eagerness and obedience. "Very good slutpuppy. Remember no talking and you must do as I say. Now sit up on your knees and remove your blindfold."

Kimmee removed the blindfold and was more than pleased with what he saw. Miss Kareena was a vision of beauty, power, and dominance. She sat on the bed in front of him, her legs crossed and inches from his face. A black high heel dangled and slowly bounced up and down in front of him. His eyes followed the thick black stockings over her slender legs and up to her evenly tanned thighs. Lace garters with black bows held up each stocking. The combination of her legs crossed and a short leather skirt prevented Ken from seeing her most private parts. Ken was unsure if she was wearing panties. His heart pounded at the suspense. Ken inhaled and was certain he could smell her womanly scent mixed in with the heavy smell of new leather.

His eyes traveled up to her naval which was bare except for a small gold belly ring. He thought it was sexy and hoped he would get the chance to nibble on it. She wore a black lace bra that pushed her ample breasts up and held them tightly together. The fabric was see through and Kimmee could see traces of her nipple and areola in between the intricate lace designs. Having her breasts pushed up and tightly together conveyed both a sexy and confident image. It was an image the excited and humbled Kimmee.

His submissiveness and inferiority overwhelmed him as his eyes met hers. Her expression was goddess-like and omnipotent. It aroused and weakened Kimmee. She had applied makeup, eyeliner, and dark red lipstick in just the right places to accentuate her beauty and dominance. Her black hair was severely pulled back into a tight bun, completing the image of a powerful and sexy goddess.

Kimmee was awestruck at the site of his mistress and he wondered what in his life he had done to deserve such a good fortune. Her power over him was overwhelming. He smiled deeply on the inside and made up his mind that he would do anything to please his mistress and not upset her. She was his focus, and his reason for living. She was supreme and he was inferior. He would obey and serve her in any capacity that she wanted. The small puddle of cum on the floor was confirmation of the overwhelming effect Miss Kareena had on him. Kimmee's drippy cock never felt to hard and needy. The slightest touch would have sent him over the edge.

Miss Kareena could see the positive reaction of Kimmee kneeling before her. She had thought about slowly revealing her body inch by inch to Kimmee, but decided that she would just hit him with it all at once. She had dressed extremely sexy and provocative. She had purposely maintained a serious expression as Kimmee glanced her over. She had purposely held eye contact with Kimmee when he looked up. In a split second Kimmee's eyes had diverted downward to the floor. This was the reaction Miss Kareena was hoping for. It showed his submissiveness and inferiority toward her. As Kimmee kneeled before her in silence with his eyes cast downward, Miss Kareena's pussy quivered and moistened in her panties. She felt powerful and controlling and she loved it. Her toy was before her and at her service. She was glad the she made this meeting happen. She was glad the she stumbled into this strange new world of female supremacy. It was a lifestyle that Miss Kareena was ready to take on. Kimmee was hers for the taking and she was going to take him. She was going to take him and mold him into her permanent servant girl, her sex toy, and her little plaything. It was going to be a great weekend.

With legs still crossed Miss Kareena silently pushed the tip of her foot towards Kimmee's lips. He looked up at her commanding glare and understood his task. Kimmee's hands remained behind his head as he leaned forward and parted his lips. His tongue snaked out and polished the front of his mistress's shoe. He kissed and provocatively sucked the pointed tip. Kimmee was delighted to serve his mistress in this way. He felt subservient and inferior. He was excited at the privilege of kissing the feet of his goddess. Eagerly he licked all around the shiny fabric. Miss Kareena pointed her toe upward directing her pointed heel to Kimmee's lips. "Suck it like a cock Kimmee," she ordered.

Like a coach giving a pep talk, her words motivated Kimmee. Kimmee attacked the heel with his mouth. He sucked it and licked it as if it were a cock. Mistress Kareena giggled and moaned at his eagerness. She pushed the heel in and out of his mouth. "Mmmmm. That's it puppyslut. Suck that cock! Suck it sweetie!" She moved her heel up high and made him stretch with his tongue to reach it. She could see that with his hands behind his head, it was awkward for him to stretch and suck her heel. Despite the awkwardness and uncomforting, Kimmee followed her foot, lapping at it with his tongue. Mistress Kareena reveled in this power she had over him. Her pussy pulsed and her body tingled as she watched her pathetic toy make every effort to please her. He truly was a puppy that knew nothing more than to please his mistress.

Mistress Kareena moved her foot away and then recrossed her legs, putting her right leg on top. Kimmee was able to catch a quick glimpse of her black silk panties during the exchange. Mistress Kareena's right foot now pushed towards Kimmee's lips and he worshipped it just like the other foot.

After about five minutes Mistress Kareena ordered him to remove her shoes. Carefully he undid the buckles and slid her shoes off. As soon as they were off he obediently moved his hands behind his head, elbows out, and knelt in front of his mistress. His eyes pointed downward, his cock pointed upward. By now Kimmee was so horny that his cock was twitching on its own. His cockhead was moist from his oozing precum. He prayed that Mistress Kareena would allow him to cum soon.

Miss Kareena whispered the next command.

"Eyes on my fingers slut. Don't take your eyes off them."

Kimmee's eyes focused on Mistress Kareena's glossy red nails. Each hand slowly slid over the lace bra, around the sides of her breasts and then over the front. Her fingers parted, avoiding her nipples. She repeated this again, tilting her head backwards and moaning. Mistress Kareena was teasing herself, avoiding her most sensitive area. Kimmee could not believe he was witnessing such an erotic sight. Mistress Kareena's movements and moaning were driving him crazy. He was dying to see under the bra. He watched with anticipation and fascination. Finally she reached behind her and undid the clasp. Her hands eloquently pulled the straps forward and down. Her hands slid beneath the bra cups, causing the bra to fall away.

Mistress Kareena's eyes were closed. She firmly cupped her breast and moaned deeply from her self-pleasure. She had played with herself many times before but never with an attentive onlooker. She did not have to open her eyes to know that her slutpuppy was staring at her hands. She pinched and pulled her nipples, enjoying the hot bursts of pleasure. She moved her right forefinger up to her mouth and provocatively sucked on it. Then she moved the moistened finger down and circled her nipple. She repeated this on the left side. She continued to suck her fingers and play with her nipples. She did this not just for her pleasure, but also for her puppyslut's pleasure. She wanted to tease him as much as possible. Her movements were more pronounced and exaggerated than if she were doing this alone. The fact the she was performing for an audience heightened her arousal. Her legs were still crossed, and she squeezed her thighs and pussy muscles to quell the burning need between her legs. Her moans grew louder and she pulled harder on her nipples. Suddenly she forgot about Kimmee and all her energies focused inward. Her body shuddered and her pussy tightened. She squeezed and released her thighs over and over again, pumping out the orgasm that was waiting for release. It was intense and powerful.

Kimmee could barely restrain himself as he watched his mistress's face contort into different sexual expressions. She was lost in an erotic state. He wanted to reach out and touch his mistress; spread her legs and dive into her pussy. He wanted to suck on her nipples and become a part of her pleasure. His cock was throbbing and dripping and in need of attention. He wanted to touch it and stroke it and release all the pent-up sexual energy. He was close to breaking down and losing control of himself. Somehow he managed to keep it together. Somehow he managed to sit there, submissively kneeling with his hands pressed behind his head and elbows pointing out. Although mistress's eyes were closed he still stared at her probing fingers as instructed. He could not believe the intensity at which she was grabbing and pulling her nipples.

He knew her orgasm was over when her fingers relaxed and dropped down onto her crossed legs. They did not move for what seemed like an eternity to Kimmee. The room was silent. He wondered if she drifted off to sleep. His knees and legs were beginning to ache from kneeling so long. During the course of her orgasm, his butt plug slid out of his ass and fell on the floor behind him. Kimmee debated whether or not to reach down and replace it. He felt empty without it. He was too nervous to move, afraid of being punished if Mistress saw him. Kimmee wanted to look up and see if Mistress Kareena was watching him or just relaxing, but his eyes remained focused on her damp fingers. Was this a test he thought. The suspense was killing him.

Finally mistress Kareena moved. Her legs uncrossed and Kimmee was rewarded with a view of her black silk panties snuggled between her damp thighs. Her sexual aroma instantly engulfed Kimmee and fueled his desire to taste her pussy. Kimmee could even feel the heat of Mistress Kareena's orgasm wafting out from beneath her skirt.

Mistress Kareena broke the silence. "Ohhhh. That was so nice. It feels so incredible to have an orgasm. Too bad puppyslut is not ready for one yet."

Kimmee wanted to scream out the he was ready for an orgasm and that he was ready to explode. However he remained silent and obedient. Mistress Kareena asked, "Do you want to taste my pussy dog face?"

Keeping in character Kimmee nodded his head and barked excitedly. Mistress Kareena laughed at his desperateness. "Look at you Kimmee. Barking like a dog for sex. You're so desperate and weak. You just can't wait to taste my luscious pussy can you?"

Kimmee didn't understand it but Mistress Kareena's words excited him more. Her verbal humiliation was a strange pleasure for him. He kneeled and stared at her crotch. He waited for her order to come. She laughed again. She patted him gently on the head. "Oh you poor puppy. I can see that you are just too excited to think right now. Eating my pussy might be too much for you right now. It might send you over the edge don't you think?"

Kimmee's heart sunk. He wanted to dive in and suck her pussy. He couldn't believe she was going to deny him his juicy treat. He nodded his head to indicate the he did not think it was too much. A small puppy-like moan escaped his lips. It was amazing how subconsciously he was acting like a puppy without realizing it. He hoped he could change her mind. Mistress Kareena bent down and peered into his eyes. Her hands stroked his puppy face. "Awww puppy. It'll be o.k. My pussy is too good for you right now. Just look at the mess you are making from thinking about it."

Mistress Kareena's finger lightly traced the underside of Kimmee's cock, scooping up the dribbling precum. She raised her finger to Kimmee's mouth and fed him his sticky goo. "Mmmm lick it up slutpuppy. You should be used to the taste of your cum by now."

Kimmee never imagined how exciting eating his cum could be. He had done it at home when instructed by Mistress Kareena, but it was far more exciting having her feed it directly to him. Deep in his mind he knew that eating his own cum was disgusting, but the feeling of being forced to eat it by his mistress stirred up deep dark desires within him. Obediently he sucked his cum from her goddess fingers. She laughed in a condescending and omnipotent manner. She squeezed out a few more drops of precum fed it to him. "Look at you...eating your own cum for me. I like that you are willing to do something so nasty just to please me. You've progressed well my pet."

Kimmee's mind was so fragile that he was actually proud of what his mistress just said. Mistress was pleased with him and he loved it. Mistress Kareena continued milking out cum and feeding it to him. When she was satisfied with the amount of cum he licked she stood up and instructed her puppy more.

"You need to earn the right to lick my beautiful pussy. You have not earned it yet."

Mistress Kareena's eyes glanced over his shoulders and noticed the plug on the floor. "Awww. Poor puppy lost his plug. That's O.k. I have something special to add to it anyway."

Mistress Kareena stood up and walked over to her suitcase. After a few minutes of shuffling through the contents, her hand emerged with black and white furry tail. It was fake but it looked very real. At the flat end of the tail was a small nylon loop. Mistress Kareena picked up Kimmee's butt plug and pushed it through the nylon loop. Now the tail hung off the base of the plug. She applied more lubricant to the plug and quickly pushed it back into Kimmee's ass. It easily slid in and filled Kimmee's needy hole.

Kimmee glanced behind himself and admired the tail hanging from his ass. It was another wonderful and unexpected surprise. He felt so perverse and horny and he loved it! Mistress Kareena was not finished with her puppy project. She produced three rubber straps with buckles on each end. She walked behind Kimmee and placed her foot between his shoulder blades and pushed, causing him to fall forward. Instinctively Kimmee's hands came forward and prevented him from falling into the bed. He was now on his knees leaning forward onto the bed.

"Stay like that," ordered Mistress. She then wrapped a long rubber strap around his waist and buckled it. Next she pushed a rubber strap through a loop in his left ankle cuff and then secured it to the strap around his waist. The caused his leg to bend tightly backward so that the heel of his foot rested against his ass. She repeated the process with his right ankle. When she was finished with her creation she tugged on his leash and pulled him away from the bed. Kimmee fell forward onto his hands. Now he was on his hands and knees like a dog. With his ankles pulled up, he was forced to walk on the points of his knees.

Mistress Kareena admired her pet. Her foot lightly kicked his knees, like she was checking the air in a tire. "How do you like your new paws puppy? This will force you to walk like the real animal that you are. Follow! "

Mistress pulled on his leash and he awkwardly walked behind her on his paws. He could feel the tail swishing between his legs and rubbing his thighs. She walked him back and forth across the room, enjoying the authority she had over him. Kimmee also enjoyed the feeling of being controlled and thoughtless. He liked serving his mistress and existing to serve and follow her.

"Do you like being my slutpuppy," asked Mistress Kareena.

Ken nodded his head up and down.

"Well then show me dogboy. Wag that tail. Shake that ass for me dog."

Ken felt silly but he obeyed. He looked back at his tail and began to wiggle his ass. His tail swayed from side to side. His cock and balls also jiggled as he wagged his tail, bringing a pleasurable sensation throughout his body.

Miss Kareena giggled and patted him on the head. "Very good puppy. It pleases me to see you so excited and obedient. As a reward you may lick my ass. I know how much doggies like to lick asses and I think you've been good enough to have that privilege. Would you like to lick my ass slutpuppy?"

Kimmee's eyes brightened. Had he not been so horny, the idea of licking her ass may have been a turn off. However, he was so sexually charged up, the thought of putting his tongue anywhere in her body thrilled him. In his overly aroused state, he seemed to be more turned on at doing something so kinky and dirty.

Miss Kareena did not wait for an answer. She stood up and removed her skirt. Kimmee's eyes watched her perfect ass, sway in the panties as she walked over to the corner of the room. Miss Kareena faced the corner of the room and leaned forward, placing one hand on each wall for support. She spread her legs slightly and pushed her ass outward. She looked back over her shoulder and called Kimmee like a dog. "Here puppy, puppy. Come on puppy. Come lick my asshole."

Kimmee's tags jingled as he crawled over for his treat. Miss Kareena's black panties were pulled down slightly revealing her puckered hole and puffy pussy. Kimmee was amazed at how swollen her lips were. They hung between her legs like juicy petals to be sucked. As if reading his mind, Miss Kareena redirected his attention. "Start licking my ass dogboy. Stay away from my pussy. If you're good enough I might let you taste that later. Come on girl...start licking with your pretty dog tongue."

Kimmee was in an erotic fantasy zone. Slowly he kissed and licked Miss Kareena's ass cheeks. He could not believe what he was about to do. Little by little he eased his way into her ass. First he licked up and down her crack and around her rim. She moaned with delight. Although he stayed away from her pussy, he was delighted that he could still taste juices that had leaked down her crack through the course of the night.

He had never licked an asshole before so he just winged it. He began to flick his tongue all around her hole, dipping into it slightly. The deep breaths and moans of 'yes' from Mistress Kareena excited Kimmee and made him even more eager to continue. He was about to push in deeper when Mistress Kareena stopped him.

"Hold on girl. I want to try something." Mistress walked away and returned with a short chain. She faced the corner again and wrapped Kimmee's hands around her waist and chained the wrists cuffs together. She then tied a nylon rope around her waist and attached his wrists to the rope. She made Kimmee crawl back a few inches. Then she leaned into the corner again and pushed her ass outward. Since Kimmee's feet were still pulled back tight against his ass and his hands were bound, he had no control over his balance and he was forced to lean forward on his knees and he fell face forward into Mistress Kareena's ass.

He was completely helpless and at her mercy. His face pushed into her soft tight ass. Kimmee was in heaven. "Perfect," exclaimed Mistress. "Start licking dogtoy!"

Kimmee's tongue pushed into Mistress Kareena's hole and he heard her moan. He pushed his tongue in and out trying to go deeper each time. He tasted her insides. It was not as bad as he thought. He pushed deeper and deeper. He was extremely aroused and excited. Being inside his Mistress like this was so intimate and personal. He felt privileged at being able to worship her ass.

Mistress Kareena pushed back, opening her hole up for him to devour. She looked over her shoulder at her helpless slutpuppy. The sight of him pushed into her ass in a licking frenzy was pure excitement for her. It reminder her of the picture on Miss Jen's office wall. The minute Kareena saw that picture she knew she would try it with her slutpuppy. The position made her look so powerful and it made him look so inferior and submissive. Miss Jen's picture had the man eating the woman's pussy. However, Miss Kareena decided to have Kimmee eat her ass because it was even more degrading and humiliating. It was proof of her ultimate control over Kimmee.

Miss Kareena pushed back and smothered Kimmee's face with her ass. Her fingers slid into her dripping pussy. Having her ass eaten had been a fantasy of hers for a long time. She was in pure bliss from Kimmee's probing tongue.

"Lick it slut! Show me how much you want to please me. Show me what a brown noser you are. Kiss my ass nasty girl!" Kareena began to buck her hips hard. Every forward and backward thrust was met with pure pleasure. Her fingers pushed deep into her pussy, Kimmee's tongue pushed deep into her ass. Kimmee was struggling to breath, but Kareena did not care. The power and sexuality of the moment consumed Miss Kareena and she was lost in selfish pleasure. She screamed and bucked and savored the powerful orgasm that rocketed through her body.

Kimmee could feel the orgasm shuddering through Mistress's body and this excited him. He was thrilled that he could worship her ass and bring her such great pleasure. He knew his mistress would be pleased from this performance. Kimmee probed deeper with his tongue, bringing out louder and deeper moans from his mistress. He was like a wild dog digging for food. He continued to pleasure her until she could take it no more.

Mistress Kareena had to reach down and pull him away. Her knees were weak and her body was sweating. She undid his cuffs and collapsed on the bed in exhaustion. Kimmee kneeled at the foot of the bed awaiting instructions. His cock was hard and throbbing. Precum continued to ooze out the tip. He wanted to stroke his cock and cum all over the place. He was hot and horny and desperate for release. Kimmee was worried that he would have an accident soon. He could not take the sexual torture anymore. He broke the silence with desperate begs.

"Please may I cum Mistress Kareena!! I'm on the edge right now! I can' take it anymore. Please let me cum!"

Mistress Kareena sat up and stared at him with a scolding look. "Did I give you permission to talk?"

"No....but I can't help it Mistress. I'm sorry but I need release! Please! I'll do anything!!"

"Of course you'll do anything. You're my slut puppy and sissy slave. You worship me, isn't that right?"

Kimmee was a bit taken aback at Mistress Kareena's words. It was the first time she assumed full control over him. All along it had always been like a game. She would tease him, manipulate him, and coerce him into obeying her. Now her words seemed much more harsh and serious. There was a bit of arrogance about her. Even under this serous tone his cock swelled and throbbed for attention. The truth was that he did worship her and he did need her. She had lured him down a deep erotic path and he did not want to turn back. Mistress Kareena's words silenced him and his head nodded in agreement with his mistress.

"Mmmmm. I just love to be worshipped by pretty puppies."

Mistress Kareena's mind swirled with ideas of what to do next. She knew Kimmee was on the edge but she did not realize the magnitude of his need to cum. She could see the desperateness in his eyes. She could tell he was on the brink of losing it. Instead of feeling pity, she felt powerful and excited. Her pussy quivered at the sight before her. She knew that she could make him cum instantly and she was tempted to do just that. However, she wanted his first cum to be inside her and she did not want to rush that. She decided to calm him down.

"Take a deep breath puppy and calm down. You have done well tonight but there is more fun to come. If you continue to be good, I will let you cum tonight. Would you like that?"

Kimmee was disappointed that he could not cum at that moment but happy at the prospect of cumming that night. He nodded his head up and down.

"Good then go into the bathroom and wash up. Brush your teeth nice and good and get that tongue nice and clean. Got it?"

Kimmee crawled into the bathroom and washed up. With his paws, he could not stand up at the sink so he reached up and grabbed the toothbrush, toothpaste, soap, and washcloth that was left for him, and crawled over to the bathtub. Kimmee was amused and pleased to see that Mistress did not want him to lose sight of his new feminine side. She had left him a pretty pink Barbie toothbrush and fragrance soap that smelled like fresh strawberries. Kimmee cleaned himself and emerged from the bathroom on his hands and knees feeling fresh and pretty. Mistress smiled and him and made it a point to pause and smell the fragrance.

"Oh darling, you smell so pretty and feminine." She reached down and squeezed his hard cock. "I see your boy pussy is still swollen. Maybe a walk on the balcony will calm you down."

Mistress Kareena picked up Kimmee's leash and she forcefully led him over to the sliding glass door. Kimmee did not want to go outside in his 'dog state' but he had no choice. The leash went taught and pulled Kimmee forward. The balcony was short and narrow. A cement wall provided little privacy from the neighboring rooms. Thankfully the neighboring balconies were empty. Kimmee wished the cement walls surrounded the entire balcony. However he had to settle for a rod iron railing across the front of the balcony. Although they were 10 floors up, Kimmee felt very vulnerable and embarrassed at his nakedness and his dog-like state. A small breeze caused his tail to sway back and forth.

Mistress Kareena moved him over to the far side of the balcony where a fake potted tree sat. "Go potty," she ordered.

Kimmee was surprised at her order. Now he felt even more embarrassed. He had peed like this for her on video, but having to do it in person seemed more humiliating and exciting. He lifted his leg like a dog and tried to pee but nothing came out. Mistress giggled and waited. He wanted to go but he could not. The combination of extreme arousal and nervousness prevented him from relieving himself.

Mistress Kareena patted him on the head. "That's o.k. girl, you must need to calm down. I'll leave you out her for a bit. Just go when you're ready." She tied his leash to the railing and headed inside. Kimmee's body tensed and his heart raced. He could not believe Mistress left him out on a public balcony like a naked dog. He moved as far into the corner as he could, hoping that no one below could see him. Finally after about 5 minutes he calmed down. He crawled over to the tree, raised his leg, and relieved himself. When he was done he sat back down in the corner and waited. Now that he was calm, he actually appreciated the time alone outside. It was the first time since his cock cage had been removed that he did not have a hard-on.

After about 20 minutes, Kimmee heard the door slide open. He sat up on his paws, ready to go inside. He knew more erotic fun was about to occur and so at the sight of Mistress Kareena, his cock instantly swelled to its full length. Mistress Kareena noticed this reaction and was pleased at her power over his cock. She laughed at his expense. "You are so weak puppyslut. Can't you control that girl cock of yours?"

Kimmee looked up at her wanting to talk, but unsure if he was allowed. Mistress Kareena was quick to interpret his expression. "You may talk puppyslut."

"I'm sorry mistress. I can't help it. I get so aroused when I see you."

Mistress Kareena untied the leash from the railing and patted Kimmee on the head. "Don't be sorry Kimmee. You can't control yourself because I own you. I own your cock and I control it. Isn't that right?"

"Yes. Ma'am."

"It's not your fault. It's just nature. All men are weak and inferior at the sight of a beautiful woman. Men are meant to worship and serve women. It's good that you've come to terms with that slut puppy. Now you reap the rewards of your obedience, don't you? I mean, haven't I given you erotic pleasure much greater and intense then you ever imagined?"

The more Mistress Kareena talked, the more Kimmee believed in her and admired her. She was right about everything. Over the past few weeks, he had been aroused constantly and he loved it. He loved the attention he received from his beautiful mistress and he loved the attention he received from the young girls at the adult toy and lingerie shop. He did not want it to stop, no matter what he had to do to keep Mistress happy. Kimmee acknowledged Mistress Kareena's thoughts. "Yes. Mistress. I love to serve and obey you. You make me feel incredible." 

"Good girl. Now let's go inside." Kimmee crawled behind Mistress Kareena into the hotel room. As soon as he entered the room his nose instantly picked up the warm aroma of cooked food. Kimmee's stomach growled and it suddenly occurred to him that he had not eaten all night. His appetite had been suppressed in lieu of all the fun he was having.

Next to the bed was serving cart topped with a covered silver tray. Mistress Kareena dropped his leash and sat on the bed. "Go fetch your bowl," she ordered.

Ken crawled over to his duffel bag and found his bowl. He put it in his mouth, crawled over to Mistress Kareena, and placed it at her feet. He moved into a sitting position and waited like a begging dog. Mistress Kareena had removed the silver cover and was admiring her dinner. It was chicken and broccoli cooked in flavorful Chinese gravy and poured over rice. She placed a piece of chicken in her mouth and slowly chewed.

"Mmmm. This is good."

Ken waited for his piece but she continued to eat. Finally she looked down at him and smiled. "This sauce is delicious puppy.....too delicious for a dog like you. I will share with you, but not the sauce."

Mistress Kareena placed a piece of chicken in her mouth and sucked on it. When she had sucked off all the gravy, she pulled it out of her mouth and dropped it in Kimmee's bowl. "There you go precious. Eat up."

It was strange how that simple gesture made Kimmee feel inferior and humiliated. It was even stranger how it excited and aroused Kimmee. Eagerly he lapped it up out his bowl and ate it. Mistress Kareena repeated this process with a piece of broccoli. She took her time licking and sucking it to get all the flavorful gravy off and then she dropped it in his bowl. Kimmee's entire dinner was served this way. Kimmee could not believe how aroused he became through the whole ordeal. Being so mindless and controlled thrilled him like he never imagined. He was glad to eat food at the feet of a beautiful goddess. He was happy to worship Mistress Kareena.

When dinner was finished, Mistress Kareena ordered Kimmee up onto the bed. She released the straps that bound his ankles to his thighs. It felt good for Kimmee to stretch out his legs. Mistress Kareena had Kimmee lie on his back and she tied him spread eagle on the bed. "You've been a good dog, now it's time for a treat."

Mistress Kareena removed her panties and straddled Kimmee's chest. She could see that Kimmee was excited to taste her pussy. She raised her hips up and moved her pussy close to his mouth. His head leaned forward and the she backed away teasing him. Mistress Kareena leaned forward so that her nipple was above his mouth. Kimmee did not have to be told what to do. He stuck out his tongue and licked and caressed the nipple. Mistress pushed down and Kimmee took the entire nipple in his mouth and sucked. Mistress Kareena moaned, "mmmm. Harder puppy! Suck harder!" Kimmee sucked as hard as he could, causing more moans to escape.

Mistress pulled back and then placed her other nipple over his mouth. Kimmee took it in and sucked like a baby getting milk. Mistress Kareena's nipples became extra hard and swollen. Her breasts felt swollen and hot. She pulled back again and sat-up on his stomach. She could feel Kimmee's cock twitching against her back. Finally she raised her pussy over Kimmee's mouth and straddled his face. She watched Kimmee excitedly push his tongue into her juicy hole. She held onto the headboard for support and began to hump his face. She pushed down hard for 5 or 6 seconds and then raised her pussy up and away from his face. Kimmee's tongue just pushed and thrashed wildly. He was helpless beneath her. She continued to hump his face this way, controlling her pleasure. When she was on the verge of orgasm she moved away from his mouth.

"Are you ready to cum slut?"

"Yes, Please let me cum mistress!"

"Wait until I tell you to cum slut, okay?"

"Yes. Mistress!"

Kareena knew he was weak and could not last. She just wanted to toy with him. Slowly she pushed her hot pussy onto his cock. She could feel it swelling inside her. "Do not cum yet slut."

Ken's eyes glazed over. Her hot, wet, pussy was heaven. He tried to hold back but he could not control it. Her pussy felt too good. "Oh! I'm sorry mistress! I can't help it! I'm going to cum!!"

Kareena savored the moment. He was at his weakest point. She squeezed her pussy muscles and controlled his cock. "You are so weak Kimmee. Cum for me slut. Cum for me now!!"

An orgasm was already escaping when Kimmee heard the words 'cum for me.' He was weak and had no self-control. Mistress Kareena's command was the fuel that accelerated the fire. Kimmee's mind exploded with pleasure. He bucked and moaned wildly as Mistress Kareena straddled him and rode his cock. His arms and legs pulled against the restraints, his helplessness added to the excitement. He could feel her pussy tightening and drawing him inward. He could feel the butt plug pushing deep into his girl pussy with each thrust. His orgasm was long and intense. Mistress Kareena milked loads and loads of his hot creamy cum into her pussy. "Remember this feeling Kimmee," said Kareena through deep orgasmic moans. "Remember the pleasure my pussy brings. Remember the power it has over you."

Kimmee was still in erotic bliss and could barely hear her words through the fireworks in his head. Subconsciously they found their way to his brain. Deep down he knew her pussy was an erotic paradise and that he lived to serve it and experience it. He knew he would do anything to get his cock inside her pussy to experience the pleasure that was currently reverberating through his body.

Soon his body relaxed and his mind cleared. He was delighted that Mistress Kareena remained on top of him after the orgasm passed. His shrinking cock felt warm and comfortable inside her. She leaned forward and brushed her tongue across his lips. She moved down to his ear. Her warm nipples brushed across his chest making him want to hug her and hold her tight. She whispered in his ear, "mmmm. That was nice slutpuppy. Are you read for your creamy treat?"

Kimmee suddenly realized what Mistress Kareena wanted him to do. Now that all his pent up sexual energy was released, the thought of eating his cum was not exciting to him. He did not want to do it but he knew the rules and he was not in a position to negotiate. Mistress Kareena moved off his soft cock and kneeled over his head. She positioned her pussy a few inches over his mouth. "Open up darling," instructed Mistress Kareena.

Cum had already started dripping out of her pussy and onto his mouth. He opened up and let the warm goo drip into his mouth. Mistress Kareena encouraged him. "That's a good puppy. Take it all in slut. Be a good sissy and swallow that nasty boy and girl cum for me."

After most of the cum had dripped into his mouth, Mistress Kareena ordered him to clean her pussy out with his tongue. By the time she was satisfied, Kimmee's cock was hard and swollen again. Mistress Kareena pointed this out to Kimmee and told him he was such a slut. Then she left the room and cam back with a wet cloth. While he was still bound, she gently she washed Kimmee's face and cleaned off his cock.

The cool cloth felt good in his cock. Miss Kareena quickly got Kimmee aroused and excited again. She commented, "You make an excellent puppy slut Kimmee. I bet you are an even better sissy slut." Miss Kareena reached down and removed the butt plug from his ass. She released his wrists and ankles. "Rest up sissy. Tomorrow we'll just see how much of a girl you can be.

Ken was excited at the thought. He was also very exhausted from all the teasing and sexual play. His orgasm had completely drained him off all energy. He rolled over and quickly fell into a deep sleep. While he was sleeping Kareena put her clothes back on. She wanted to leave her damp panties off, but Miss Jen had asked her to put them back on at the end of the night. At the time of the request, Kareena was horny and mesmerized by Miss Jen's erotic and controlling radiance. Kareena was not sure why she had agreed to wear the soiled panties, but she did. She was also unsure why Miss Jen would make such a request and she was too insecure to ask.

Next Kareena rummaged through Kimmee's pants and pulled out his wallet and keys. She copied the address on his driver's license onto a piece of paper. Then she removed his credit card and headed downstairs to the hotel bar. It was just after midnight when Kareena walked into the dimly lit bar. In the back corner of the room she spotted Miss Jen and Miss D sitting at a table. It was time to begin planning the next day's events with Kimmee. Strangely, Kareena's pussy began to tingle as she made her way over to the young mistress's. The night was turning out to be more erotic then she expected.

DOMINATING KEN PART VIII – THE TRANSFORMATION CONTINUES

Kareena had felt so powerful and confident from controlling Ken all night. However, her confidence began to fade as she approached Miss Jen and Miss D in the hotel bar. It was hard to explain, but Miss Jen clearly radiated dominance. She was the teacher and Kareena was the student. Miss Jen took control of the situation immediately. Without asking, she motioned for the waiter and ordered wine for everyone at the table. "Sit down Kareena and tell us how it went."

It did not even occur to Kareena that her companions were under 21 and illegal to drink. She was too mesmerized by their beauty and erotic essence. She was too excited and charged from the evening events. Kareena excitedly talked about her adventure, being sure to include all the juicy details. Miss Jen and Miss D listened intently and voiced their approvals and delight of Kareena's performance.

Then Miss Jen asked, "Did you bring everything I asked for?"

"Yes. Here they are." Miss Kareena handed Ken's credit card, house keys, and the paper with his address to Miss Jen.

"..and what about your panties? Are you wearing them for me?"

Kareena blushed and stuttered. "Uh...yeah...just like you wanted me to."

"Good girl. Take them of for me."

Kareena's pussy heated up at the sudden change in the conversation tone. It felt odd to be praised and given an order from such a young girl. Kareena was confused at her body's own reaction. She did not want to show Miss Jen her weakness and nervousness by questioning her order. Kareena reached under the table, slid her moist panties off and handed them to Miss Jen. The waiter came over with a bottle of wine just as Kareena handed off the panties. She blushed even redder, hoping the waiter did not notice the hand off. While the waiter filled their glasses with wine, Miss Jen moved the panties hidden in her hand, up to her mouth and inhaled the womanly scent. The waiter was oblivious to the situation but both Dee and Kareena were well aware of Miss Jen's erotic play. Miss Jen's eyes locked with Kareena's eyes and she inhaled. Kareena shifted in her chair, her heart pounded and her pussy quivered.

Finally the waiter left and Miss Jen broke the silence. "Mmmm. Must have been a very exciting evening."

The throbbing in Kareena's pussy gained momentum. To see Miss Jen sniff her panties was strangely erotic and it awakened new feelings within her. Kareena also noticed Miss D fidgeting in her seat and staring at the panties as if they were a steak dinner. Miss Jen flicked the panties over to Miss D and said, "Kareena and I need to talk for about a half hour. You know what to do."

Miss D caught the panties and happily replied, "yes ma'am." Then she excused herself from the table and headed towards the bathroom.

Kareena was unsure what to make of the situation. She was curious about what Miss D was going to do but she was unsure whether or not she should ask. She looked at Miss Jen with a puzzled expression.

Miss Jen didn't wait for the question. She began to explain, "Dee and I are great friends and partners. A few years ago I took her under my wing, just like am doing with you now. I don't know what it is, but I have a certain power about me that makes people want to obey me and please me."

Miss Jen's eyes stared deeply into Kareena's. Kareena fidgeted in her seat and then looked away. She understood the power Miss Jen was talking about. She understood because she felt it. Miss Jen's presence was overwhelming and comforting. Miss Jen was intelligent and street smart. She was successful and strikingly beautiful. Despite Miss Jen's young age, Kareena couldn't help but want to listen to her and learn from her. Miss Jen had a way of making people want to do things for her. Kareena was experiencing it first hand.

After a short pause, Miss Jen continued, "For Dee, it was more than just being controlled. You see Kareena, I am a strong believer in female supremacy. Women are supreme and should be worshipped by men as Goddesses and Supreme beings. Men are our servants, toys...they are playthings for our amusement. All women have the power to control men, they just need to know how to harness it and use it. I have been able to do that and Dee has seen it and has wanted to learn it.

She is my student. The more she learns from me, the more she wants to be like me. She worships me like a true Goddess. She dresses like me and tries to think like me. Her goal in life, her purpose for living is to be me. She believes in that and I have accepted that."

Kareena was amazed at what she was hearing. She was also amazed at her curiosity and interest in it all. Kareena was feeling a bit jealous towards Dee. As crazy as it seemed, Kareena could relate to Dee's feelings. Miss Jen was successful and confident and Kareena wanted to be just like her. Kareena could not explain her feelings but she was jealous and needy of Miss Jen's attention.

Kareena spoke up, being sure to draw attention to herself and acknowledge Miss Jen's power, "That's wild Miss Jen. I can certainly understand Miss D's feelings. You do have a way with words and an aura about you that is..uh...supreme...and...uh...makes me..or ah...people want to do things for you."

Kareena could not believe what she just said. She had subtly admitted that she wanted to obey Miss Jen. She had never felt that way about anyone before. What was even more shocking to Kareena was that she was admitting this to a girl and the girl was almost half her age. It was all so taboo and seemed wrong. Kareena had definitely left the door open for Miss Jen. Deep down she wished Miss Jen would come right out and control her.

Miss Jen was young but experienced at control and manipulation. To her it was a game. She was pleased that Kareena had referred to her as Miss Jen. Kareena was naturally recognizing the order of superiority and respect. Miss Jen could also see a longing in Kareena to be controlled. She sensed a struggle within Kareena to accept her desires and to open up to another women. Slowly Kareena was falling under Miss Jen's spell. Miss Jen could see that her sexual power was influencing Kareena. Miss Jen was not ready to acknowledge it with Kareena. She wanted to toy with Kareena, flirt with her, and keep her wanting more. Rather than pursue those desires, Miss Jen just replied, "Thank you dear."

There was an awkward silence and then Kareena spoke up to try and clarify her own confusion. "Miss Jen, I hope you don't mind me asking, but if you believe that women are superior than why would you allow another woman to be controlled and dominated?"

"Woman are superior to men and should always dominate men. Not all women understand their potential and the power they have. Sometimes they need to learn through experience. That is the relationship I have with Dee. She is the student, I am the teacher. There is a big difference in the way I dominate her vs a man. Through domination and denial the woman becomes stronger, but the man becomes weaker. When Dee serves me, there is closeness between us, a spiritual connection. She is growing closer to me and one day will be just like me. She will be an irresistible and powerful seductress to both men and women

Ken on the other hand is merely acting out his manly desire for pleasure. Men think with their cocks. They become mindless and childlike when they are aroused. Control the cock and you control the man. You are learning this with Ken. You need to keep him aroused and remind him of his inferiority. He should strive to be like you Kareena. He should recognize his inferiority and strive to be like the supreme woman. That is why he wears panties and bras and tries to please you. The difference between Ken and Dee is that Ken can strive to be supreme but he never will be. You need to make sure he knows that. Understand?" Kareena hung on every word. She nodded her head in agreement. She was impressed and delighted with Miss Jen's explanation. She was delighted because now her need to be dominated was justified. She had been concerned that her recent desire to be controlled by Miss Jen was a weakness and that it would undermine her domination of Ken. Now she understood it was part of her learning process. She could dominate and be dominated at the same time without compromising her control over Ken. Kareena became much more excited and open towards Miss Jen. There was just one more question left.

"It all makes sense now. Thank you for explaining Miss Jen. May I ask, what Miss D is doing with my panties?"

Miss Jen laughed. "It is her reward for being so good to me. She has a fetish for worn panties. She loves to smell the scent of other women. She is sitting in the bathroom right now masturbating, with your panties over her face. I like to make a little game of it so I told her to masturbate for 30 minutes and have as many orgasms as possible. Then she will remove her panties and put yours on. Quite fun, don't you think?"

Kareena's arousal stirred again. The thought of Miss D getting off on her scent was strangely erotic. "Yes, that's cool."

"Does it excite you, knowing that Miss Dee is getting off on our panties?"

Kareena's pussy quivered at the question. She blushed knowing the answer. "Uh...yes Miss Jen. It does excite me."

"Then your pussy must be soaking wet by now."

"Yes, very wet. I'm so horny Miss Jen." Kareena could not believe she was admitting this to Miss Jen in a public bar.

Miss Jen smiled. "Very good darling. Wet pussies are nice. Spread your legs for me."

Kareena's heart was pounding and her pussy was throbbing. She moved her knees apart under the table. Miss Jen shifted in her seat and then Kareena felt Miss Jen's bare foot sliding up her thigh. The bottom of Miss Jen's foot pressed firmly against the full length of Kareena's pussy, causing Kareena to gasp and shudder with pleasure. Kareena did not care about the other patrons in the bar. All she cared about was the warm flesh pressing against her pussy lips. She squeezed her thighs, pressing Miss Jen's foot tight against her sex. Miss Jen managed to tuck her toes into Kareena's needy hole. "Cum for me Kareena," ordered Miss Jen.

Kareena's response was instant. Her eyes shut tight, her body shuddered and she quietly moaned to herself as Miss Jen's foot brought her to an intense climax. When she finished she felt relaxed and relieved. Miss Jen stared back with a smile. "Normally, I would make my pets lick my foot afterward. However, since we are in a public place I will let it go this time."

The word, 'pet' caught Kareena's attention. She liked it. She was glad to be Miss Jen's pet. She wanted to be a good pet. "Yes, mistress. Thank you mistress."

Miss Jen glanced at her watch. "Well now. We have about 20 minutes until she gets back. Let's talk about tomorrow."

The mood shifted from sex to business. Miss Jen and Kareena set out the plans for the next day. Their goal was to focus on transforming Ken into Kimmee in all aspects of life. Kareena would continue to sissify him and manipulate his thoughts. At the same time, Miss Jen would be transforming his apartment from a manly bachelor pad to a feminine home. In the evening Miss Jen would meet up with Kareena and they would double team the torture and teasing on Ken. By the end of the weekend, Ken's life would be changed forever whether her liked it or not.

Miss D returned to the table just as the girls finished their plans. Her face was flushed and sweaty. She handed her damp panties to Miss Jen. "Thank you Miss Jen. That was awesome!"

Miss Jen leaned over and kissed Miss D on the lips. "You deserved it dear." Next Miss Jen tossed the white lace panties to Kareena. "Consider these a gift. Good luck with Kimmee."

Kareena thanked the girls and left. Walking to the elevator she looked down at the panties rolled up in her hand. They were soaked with girl cum. Kareena wondered how many orgasms Miss D had while she wore them. Kareena suddenly had the urge to sniff the panties. Thoughts like this never crossed her mind before she met Miss Jen. She felt slutty and kinky. Quickly she made her way to the elevator, her mind struggling with whether or not she should act on her new desires. When she entered the empty elevator and the doors closed behind her, the struggle was over. She could not resist the temptation and she raised the pretty white panties to her nose and inhaled deeply. For the first time in her life she let in the musky scent of another woman. It filled her nostrils and invaded her mind. It awakened her senses and stirred her pussy. Kareena felt naughty and kinky and it was driving her wild.

Kareena briskly walked to her room with a burning desire between her legs. Ken was in a deep sleep and did not stir when Kareena entered the room. Quietly she made her way into the bathroom and closed the door. She pulled off her top and skirt and she freed her swollen breasts. She held the panties to her nose again and inhaled. Her mind filled with the image if Miss D sitting on the toilet and masturbating with Kareena's panties on her head. Kareena's erotic instincts took over and she assumed the same position. Kareena made sure the crotch of Miss D's soaked panty was directly pressed against her nose and mouth. She masturbated, inhaling the strong pussy scent. All fresh air was sealed out. Every breath was filled with pure sex.

Then Kareena did the unthinkable. She pushed her tongue out and slid it along the crotch, tasting Miss D's juices. The taste was faint but distinctive. It was enough to make her hungry for more. She pressed the crotch against her mouth and licked and sucked the sweet flavor. On the surface Kareena wondered if she had gone astray. She was not a lesbian or a sex freak. All types of thoughts filled her head. What would my friends think if they saw me like this? What would my family think? I'm straight...I'm not supposed to get excited from this.

But deep down a strange new lust boiled within Kareena. Images of Miss Jen and Miss D filled her head. She imagined herself between their legs, bringing them pleasure. Kareena could not deny the sudden hunger that invaded her soul. Her fingers probed deep into her hot hole, her body tensed, her back, arched, and she was lost in her final orgasm for the day.

***

A faint beeping invaded Ken's deep sleep. Slowly he awoke. It took him a several minutes to realize it was an alarm clock and to remember that he was in a hotel room. He rolled over and glanced at Kareena sleeping in another bed. The sight of his mistress stirred his already hardening cock. Kareena opened her eyes and mumbled, "That's for you slave. Time for your morning routine."

Ken was tired but eager for the day. He was a little embarrassed that he was already aroused and so he wanted to stay under the covers. However, Miss Kareena left him no choice. "Hurry up slave. Turn off the alarm and go grab your dildo."

Ken quickly moved across the room and ruffled through his bag and found the cock shaped dildo. The dildo was resting on top of the dress that he bought for Miss Kareena. With all the excitement the day before, Ken had forgotten about the dress and never had a chance to give it to her. He decided that now was not a good time to present the gift so he left it in the bag.

Ken walked back toward the bed and Mistress Kareena sat-up and commented on his aroused state, "I see that girl cock is hard already. You are such a slut."

"Sorry. I can't help it Mistress."

"Don't be sorry slut. You are what you are. You're just a horny sissy slut. Let me hear you say it Kimmee."

Ken's cock was already dripping cum and his mind had already slipped into an erotic horny mode. He stood in front of Miss Kareena and told her what she wanted to hear, "I am a horny sissy slut. I am your slut."

"Very good Kimmee. Show me what a pretty slut you are. Go put on your lipstick, nail polish and pretty lingerie for me."

Ken's heart pounded and his mind swirled. Having his mistress in there in person, ordering him to dress up was far more exciting than he imagined it would be. Her emphasis on the feminine words...girly, sexy, pretty....eroded his masculinity and put him in a girlish state of mind.

Ken rushed into the bathroom with his bag of feminine clothes and accessories and transformed himself into Kimmee. Carefully he applied his glossy pink lipstick and puckered his lips. Then he put on his red bra, thong and garter belt. He even put on his cock harness, complete with the tag that displayed Miss Kareena's name. He knew Miss Kareena would be pleased that he wore it.

The soft and delicate materials made him feel sexy and feminine. Slowly he slid the white stockings up each of his legs, enjoying their softness. He attached the garter straps to the top of his stockings and admired himself in the mirror. A few weeks ago he would have laughed at the image in the mirror. Now he stared at it, and thought about how sexy and pretty he felt wearing these girly things. Ken could not believe how horny and excited he was at that moment. He reached down and traced a finger along the underside of his cock. If felt heavenly through the silk panties. His finger slipped across the tip of his cock and scooped up the small pool of precum that was forming. He brought it to his lips and licked it off. He did this without being told or ordered. He truly had become a slut.

Ken took a few minutes to apply pink polish to his fingernails and toenails. The strong smell from the nail polish stimulated his feminine senses and softened his masculinity. Never before had he worn a color on his nails for someone else. He was thrilled to show it off to his Mistress.

When the transformation to Kimmee was complete, Kimmee quietly walked into the room. Miss Kareena was sleeping in the bed. Kimmee did not know what to do. He stood in front of the bed for a few seconds wondering if he should wake his mistress. He started to feel a bit silly dressed in pretty girl clothes. He wondered whether his Mistress would laugh or be pleased. He began to doubt himself but then his thoughts shifted when Mistress Kareena began to stir.

Mistress Kareena opened her eyes and stared at her sissy boy. A pleasant smile formed over her lips. Kimmee was tall with a masculine body, yet he was dressed in silky feminine clothes. She loved the contrast of soft pretty lingerie against a hard manly body. Her pussy moistened from the outline of his hard cock in the shiny panties. His balls peeked out from the sides of the thin crotch and his cock head hung over the top of the panties. It was a site that delighted and aroused her. What excited Mistress Kareena the most was his demeanor. He was submissive and nervous. She had emotionally transformed a masculine creature into a delicate flower. Mistress Kareena unlocked her feminine power and loved the control she had. Her words comforted and reassured Kimmee. "Mmmm. Very nice sweetie. Come closer my darling. You look so pretty. I am very pleased."

Kimmee slowly walked to the side of the bed. His senses were alive and wild. With each step he made, he felt the stockings flexing and sliding over his skin, he felt the garter straps tightening over his thighs, and he felt the soft, smooth panties against his swollen cock and balls. Mistress Kareena's hand slid down to his panties and caressed his cock and balls through the sinful material. Kimmee shuddered and moaned. He was already fully aroused. Next Mistress Kareena's hand slid beneath the panties and gripped his balls. "Mmmm. Nice and tight in that harness. I like that..." She squeezed his balls a few times and continued talking, "It was generous of me to let you cum yesterday, wasn't it?"

Kimmee nodded, "Yes Mistress. Thank you for letting me cum."

"You've been a good girl for me so I thought I'd give you a treat, but I do like my balls swollen and full of cum. You'll work on that for me today, won't you slutgirl?"

"Yes, Mistress. I like having by cock and balls full of cum for you."

"I know darling. You are such a slut. You have to start remembering that you are a pretty girl slut. Pretty girl sluts don't have cocks and balls do they?"

Mistress Kareena's continual stroking of Kimmee's cock had him in a dazed state. She had managed to keep him close to the edge of cumming without exciting him too much. It was hard for him to think in this state of mind and Kimmee was confused and unsure how to answer Mistress. She did not wait for an answer.

Mistress Kareena gripped his cock in both hands, "Since you are now my slutgirl, for the rest of the day, we will refer to this as your boy pussy, got it?"

"Yes Mistress."

Next she grasped his balls, "And these are your girl ovaries."

"Yes. Ma'am."

"Good girl, now turn around for me and pull your panties down a bit."

Kimmee was becoming excited from Mistress referring to his most private parts as feminine genitals. It was strange and kinky. He did not understand why this excited him, but he was extremely aroused from the situation. He turned and pulled his panties down to his thighs. Mistress Kareena lightly tugged his ovaries through his legs. Then she slid her finger up his ass crack, causing him to gasp with pleasure. Her fingernail playfully teased the rim of his asshole, causing his cock to bob and throb from the excitement. "This, my slutty sissyboy, is your pussy hole. You like having things in your pussy hole, don't you slut?"

Kimmee was on the verge of cumming. He wanted desperately to reach down and grab his cock and relieve the sexual tension, but he knew the consequences would be bad. The next best thing would be to have something in his ass, so begged to Mistress Kareena the way he knew she wanted him to beg. "Oh yes, Mistress. I love having things in my pussy hole. Please put something in my pussy hole. Please may I have something in my pussy hole!"

Mistress Kareena laughed at his desperateness. "Such a slut! You've got to control those manly urges! You've got to be more feminine and controlled. I believe you have a morning routine to do for me first. Do it good and maybe I'll let you put something in that pussy hole. Now get to the foot of the bed and start stroking that boy pussy of yours."

With his panties stretched between his thighs, he waddled to the foot of the bed and faced Kareena. She instructed him on what to do.

"Give me slow hand over hand strokes, from the top of your boy pussy down to the base."

Kimmee did as instructed. He felt a little embarrassed stroking his boy pussy in front of Mistress Kareena. It was much easier to take orders through e-mail. Despite his embarrassment, he was much more aroused from the humiliating situation. Mistress Kareena's physical presence added an intense new element to his submissiveness. Unfortunately for Kimmee it added to his sexual torture. After about 30 seconds of hand over hand strokes, he was on the verge of cumming.

Thankfully Mistress barked out another order. "Now grab those ovaries, slut. Tickle them with your fingers and pull on them."

Kimmee moved his hand down to his balls and lightly ran his fingers over them. It sent chills through his body. It was pleasurable, but enough to make him cum. With the pressure off his cock he was able to bring himself back from the edge. Kimmee gently squeezed his balls and cum started to ooze out the tip of his cock. Mistress Kareena noticed this and grabbed a small plastic cup from the end table next to her. She threw the cup at Kimmee.

"Catch all your girl cum in the cup slut. Squeeze out a few drops for me princess."

Kimmee picked up the cup and held it under the tip of his cock. He squeezed his cock a few times, milking cum into the cup.

"Good girl. Make sure any cum that leaks from your girlpussy, ends up in that cup, got it?"

"Yes. Mistress."

"Good. Now I want you to put the palms of your hands on each side of your boy pussy and start rolling it in your hands. Roll your boy pussy like a piece of dough."

Kimmee did as instructed. He rolled his hands up and down the sides of his cock in opposite directions. This caused the skin on his cock to stretch and go taught over and over again. The sensation it caused was mind blowing. It also worked cum up through his cock. As Kimmee rolled his cock, he positioned the tip over the cup so that his girl cum would drip into it.

Mistress Kareena was pleased. She spoke like a proud coach, "That's it precious. Roll that boy pussy. Don't lose any of the girl cum. A little faster darling. Give that pussy a workout."

Ken increased the speed of his movements. Suddenly he felt his orgasm start to build again. Just when he was about to panic, Mistress ordered him to stop. The room was silent for a few long seconds. Kimmee regained his thoughts. When he was calm he noticed Mistress Kareena had pushed down the top of the silk night gown she was wearing. Kimmee's eyes focused on her swollen tits and erect nipples. Mistress Kareena started rubbing her tits and playing with her nipples. Then she ordered Kimmee to milk out more cum while he watched.

It was easy for him to milk out the cum, but it was a struggle for him to hold back his orgasm. Watching his mistress pleasure herself made the situation more torturous for Kimmee. After 2 minutes, the bottom of the cup was completely covered by cum. It was then that Mistress Kareena pointed to the cock shaped dildo on the bed.

"Get your cock and dip it in the cup. Get the tip covered in your sticky cum."

Kimmee picked up the fleshy object, knowing what was about to come. He knew this would be more humiliating than masturbating in front of Mistress, but he could not stop himself from obeying. He dipped the tip into the cup and rolled it around in his cum. Then he lifted it out and pointed the tip upward. Cum began to drip down the sides. Kimmee felt reserved and unsure about what he was going to do. To lick his own cum off a cock just seemed too perverse and too gay to Kimmee.

Of course Mistress Kareena had her own agenda in mind. She smiled with a devilish grin. "You know what to do. Show me how slutty you can be."

It was strange how Mistress Kareena's words affected Kimmee. Show me how slutty you can be. The words seemed to challenge Kimmee. Suddenly he lost all his reservations. Suddenly Kimmee felt he had to prove his sluttiness. He put the cock up to his lips and slowly licked the trail of cum that was escaping down the side. He kissed the side of the fleshy rubber and sucked up the salty liquid. He pushed the life-like tip past his glossy pink lips and into his warm mouth. He pretended he was sucking a real cock and he slowly worked the shaft deep into his mouth.

Kareena's words encouraged him. "That's it Kimmee. Show me what a good cock sucker you are.....show me how much you love cock.....deep throat it sissy boy. Suck up that boy cum. Mmmmm....it makes me so horny to see you suck cock like that.....ooohhhh....I just love to see sissy boys suck cock. " ****** Mistress Kareena's dirty talk made Kimmee feel dirty and slutty. He loved every minute of it. What really aroused him and made him want to continue to humiliate himself was the pleasure he was causing his Mistress. She seemed to get more and more excited the sluttier he acted; and so he sucked harder and licked and squeezed the cock like a sissy whore. From the corner of his eye he stared at his mistress playing with her nipples and fingering her pussy. He was in heaven.

After a few more minutes of Kimmee's sissy sucking, Mistress Kareena ordered him to put down the dildo. She continued to play with herself as she talked, "oohhh that was so naughty Kimmee. I knew there was a cock sucker in you. Maybe one day you'll get the chance to suck a real cock." Mistress Kareena's wet fingers pushed deep into her pussy. "Mmmm. I'd love to see that. My sissy boy sucking a real man. Ooooh. That would drive me crazy." Mistress Kareena began humping her hand.

Kimmee was mesmerized by her erotic frenzy. He had no desire to suck a real cock but he just agreed with her to keep her going. He didn't want to spoil the moment. Mistress Kareena giggled at how attentative Kimmee was to her at the moment. It was time to get her sissy boy focused back on himself.

"How's your pussy hole, Kimmee? In need of some attention?"

Kimmee's ass seemed to tingle at the suggestion. "Yes. Please may I put something in my pussy hole?"

"Oh I just love how needy you are. First, lets stretch it out a bit. Spread your legs apart and do a few squats for me dear. Stretch out that hole."

Kimmee didn't question her strange request. He moved his feet apart, a little wider than his shoulders, and squatted down and back up. He repeated the motion again and again. Each time he squatted down, his groin tightened and his ass seemed to stretch. Despite how silly he felt at the moment, he was surprised at how pleasant it felt in his aroused state. He was doing well until Mistress Kareena threw in the next command.

"Good job dear. Now each time you squat down, I want you to flex that little pussy muscle of yours. Flex it slow and hard precious. Make your clit bounce for me dear."

Another strange request but Kimmee complied. Again he was thrilled with the sensation. On his second squat cum began to ooze out each time he flexed. Kimmee was quick enough to grab his cum cup and catch the oozing liquid. By the fifth or sixth squat Kimmee couldn't believe it, but he was on the verge of cumming. Desperately he pleaded to his Mistress.

"Pleas Mistress. May I cum? I don't think I can make it much longer!!"

Mistress giggled. "Your are so weak, Kimmee. You're not even touching your boy pussy and you're ready to cum. Stand up straight dear."

Kimmee stood up and awaited her next orders. His cock twitched on its own. He was on the brink of cumming and concentrating on holding back. Mistress Kareena tossed a bottle of lube to Kimmee and ordered him to lube up his hole with one of his fingers. By now, Kimmee was so horny and over aroused that he followed orders like a robot. He was just a perverted puppet and the hands of Mistress Kareena. He pushed his lubed finger in and out of his pucker hole. The lube was cold against his hot insides. At first it was uncomfortable, but as the lube coated his tightening hole it began to feel good. Just when he was about to stop, Mistress Kareena moaned another order.

"That's it dear, next stick two fingers in....." Kimmee complied. "oohh yes. Finger that pussy slut..." Mistress Kareena's fingers seemed to fuck her own pussy at the same rhythm Kimmee was fucking his pussy hole. "...Spread those fingers inside your pussy slut. Stretch those pussy walls...." Kimmee opened and closed his fingers like a pair of scissors. The sensation was new and wonderful. He stretched the walls of his ass. His knees weakened and he moaned in pleasure. By now he was so lubed up and loose that it really felt like a pussy to him. Kimmee felt one step closer to being feminine. ".....Oh you are so slutty Kimmee. Now twist those fingers around. Twist them back and forth in your pussy. You like that don't you slut?"

Kimmee was lost in the sinful sensations. It was so wrong yet so pleasurable. Cum was draining out of his cock like a leaky faucet. Kimmee was too aroused to concentrate. The cum just dripped down the sides of his cock and onto the floor. He moaned a reply to his Mistress, "Yes....I love it." His moan turned to a desperate plea, "This is incredible. Please let me cum. I'll do anything. I must cum right now!

Mistress Kareena glared into Kimmee's eyes with a look of omnipotence and accomplishment. Then she went in for the kill, "No slut. Hold it back and watch me cum. Show your loyalty and suffer for me."

At that moment Kimmee watched in envy and frustration as Mistress Kareena's body tensed and convulsed. She screamed and moaned as she brought herself to an orgasm. Kimmee just stood and watched and prayed the he would be able to cum soon.

Mistress Kareena savored that last few seconds of her self-induced orgasm. "Mmmmm. That was wonderful. I came so hard Kimmee. Too bad you are not allowed to cum yet." Mistress Kareena laughed at his expense. Then she pulled the straps of her night gown back onto her shoulders and stood up. The soft silk hugged her pert breasts and erect nipples.

Kimmee's eyes widened when he saw her ruffle through his bag and pull out the large plug that he bought the day before. He stood in silence and watched her slowly spread lubrication over the entire plug.

Mistress Kareena's tone was calm and authoritive. "Well now, your pussy hole should be ready for this by now. Bend over darling."

The size of the plug frightened Kimmee. He wanted to protest but he could not bring himself to challenge his mistress. He leaned forward and prepared for the intrusion. The plug easily slid in at first. In fact, Kimmee moaned at the wonderful sensation. The fullness in his ass felt amazing. When it was about 3/4 of the way in, he felt his ass begin to stretch. Mistress Kareena could feel the resistance. She was gentle and instructive.

"Relax your pussy precious. Take it in." She began to slowly pump it in and out of his ass, trying to push it in deeper with each thrust. "Feels good doesn't it? You like having your pussy hole fucked don't you slut?"

Kimmee could not deny the pleasure he was experiencing at the moment. "Yes. It's incredible! It hurts a little. I don't know if I can take it all in."

"Mmmm. You're such a slut. I know you can do it. Relax and show me how much you want it sissy slut."

Kimmee tried to relax, but the bottom of the plug was wide and it was stretching him in an unnatural way. Just when he thought he could take no more, Mistress Kareena shoved the plug forward and the bottom of the plug pushed into his ass. His muscles closed around it and sucked it in until the base rested against his ass. Now the plug was nestled firmly in his ass. The fullness deep within him was intense and focused. His body was on fire with lust and the need to cum. He pleaded with his Mistress. "Please let me cum. I can't take this. Please I must cum Mistress!! I'll do anything. Just let me cum.!"

Mistress patted him on his ass. "I just love to see you so desperate. It excites me so much to see you begging like a sissy." Mistress turned him around so that he could see himself in the mirror. Kimmee could see his cock twitching on its own. She whispered into his ear "Look at you in your pretty red bra and panties. Wearing stockings and garters like a real sissy. You are so weak and girly Kimmee. You're even wearing lipstick and nail polish. You like being my princess don't you?"

Kimmee just wanted to cum and he played along with her game hoping to get what he wanted. "Yes, I love to dress up and be pretty for you."

"And it excites you to the point that you have to cum?"

"Yes. Please let me cum. I'm going to explode."

Mistress Kareena pulled his panties off and tugged his cock a few times. Next she unsnapped Kimmee's bra and pulled it away from his chest and arms and let it fall to the floor. She reached both hands around Kimmee and caressed his chest and nipples. "Mmmm. Such nice titties you have Kimmee." Her fingers circled his nipples and then pinched them hard. Kimmee flinched at the burst of pain and gasped at the pleasure. Mistress Kimmee repeated the circling and pinching a few more times, causing a continuous flinching and gasping from Kimmee.

When she was finished toying with his nipples, Mistress Kareena moved a small wooden chair to the center of the room. "Sit down Kimmee."

Kimmee sat down and Mistress Kareena retrieved nylon rope from her suitcase. Using the nylon rope she began securing his ankles to the chair. As she secured her slave, she explained her purpose. "You may not cum Kimmee because you've been a naughty girl. You've been bad and you need to be punished."

Mistress Kareena began tying his arms and wrists to the arm rests on the chair. Kimmee's freedom was quickly evaporating. He was enjoying his helplessness but confused about why his Mistress thought he was bad. "I'm sorry Mistress. What I have I done? I want to be good for you."

"You know you've been bad. You forget that I met Miss Jen yesterday. Her and I had a long talk about you. It seems that you left a lot of details out of your e-mails to me."

Kimmee cringed at the mention of Miss Jen. He had hoped that Mistress Kareena would not have found out about everything that went on between him and Miss Jen and Miss D. His stomach knotted with fear of what Miss Jen revealed to his mistress. Now he was nervous about his helplessness and what his punishment would be. He did not know what to say and so he sat there in silence as Mistress Kareena wrapped the final piece of rope around his chest and secured it tightly to the back of the chair. Now he was completely immobile and at the Mercy of his Mistress.

Mistress Kareena waited a few seconds to see if her sissy slut would respond. He looked dazed and nervous. She moved behind him and began to play with his nipples again. Finally she broke the silence. "I see your speechless slut. I would be too if I were in your spot..." Her fingers pinched his left nipple hard. "....You are quite helpless now and I'm not too happy with your behavior. That's not a good combination."

Mistress Kareena pinched his right nipple hard. Kimmee flinched and pleaded for mercy, "I'm sorry Mistress. Please forgive me! I'll tell you what you want. I'll tell you everything. I'm sorry!"

Kareena's pussy quivered at his pleading. He was weak and she was powerful. She sensed fear and desperateness in his voice and it unleashed erotic pleasures within her. It was clear that he was dependent on her and that he lived to please and obey her. She had taken an independent man and turned him into a sissy that desired her control and direction. Kareena flexed her pussy muscles at the thought of her control. Her pussy was hot and wet and needy. It was going to be a fun night.

Mistress Kareena moved to the side of Kimmee. She leaned forward and lightly kissed his neck and slowly licked the full length of his cheek. She could taste the lust within him. She whispered into his ear, "It's too late now slut. Everything I need to know is right there." She pointed to a VCR that was attached to the room TV. Mistress Kareena sauntered over to the VCR, which was sitting on top of a long chest of drawers. She sat on the chest of drawers, next to the VCR. She smiled smugly and pressed the play button. "Let's see what we have here darling."

Kimmee's heart pounded fiercely in his chest. Sweat began to form on his forehead. He stared in utter amazement at the TV before him. It was a video of him in Miss Jen's store. It showed him being led around the store by Miss Jen, as she picked out clothes for him to wear. Then it switched to the dressing room that Kimmee went into. Kimmee watched in embarrassment, a video of him sliding on various silky panties, garters, and corsets. He was amazed at the clarity and quality of the video.

Mistress Kareena added her commentary, "So it seems that you tried on quite a bit of lingerie that day, huh slut? Why didn't you tell me?"

" I...uh...well I didn't think you cared. I..I just told you about what you wanted me to buy."

Kimmee could have rambled on excuses forever. Mistress Kareena cut him off in an even firm voice. "I want to know everything slut. You are my toy, my slut, and my sissy! I will know everything about you, got it?"

"Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry."

"Sorry doesn't cut it anymore slut. No more apologies. For now on, when you feel like apologizing I want you to say 'I am weak. I am inferior. I am a sissy slut and can not control myself." Mistress Kareena walked behind Kimmee and then reappeared with a long thin leather riding crop. She paused the video at a spot where Kimmee was dressed in a sexy blue corset.

By now Kimmee's cock had shrunk with fear. Mistress Kareena lowered the tip of the crop to his cock and slowly traced it up and down the length. "Now, now sweetie. Don't get too upset. Mistress likes to see your boy pussy all swollen and hard."

The leather felt cool and smooth against Kimmee's cock. A few soft strokes of the crop caused his cock to spring back to life. Mistress Kareena smiled at the response. She slapped his balls lightly a few times and then moved the soft leather up to his nipples. "Now let's practice a little darling. Each time I slap you with the crop, I want to hear your apology."

Before Kimmee could react, she snapped the crop against his right nipple. He flinched and gasped. He wanted to please her so he quickly repeated the words, "I am weak. I am inferior. I am a sissy slut and can not control myself."

The tip of the crop slowly circled his right nipple during his apology. When he finished, Mistress Kareena, quickly snapped the crop against his left nipple and then began to slowly circle it again. Kimmee repeated his words, "I am weak. I am inferior. I am a sissy slut and can not control myself."

Mistress Kareena unpaused the video. Kimmee had forgotten all the things that had transpired in the store. It didn't seem bad when it was happening, but watching himself dress like a sissy and parade around in front of Miss Jen and Miss D was humiliating. The video even had a close up of him bending over and begging to be fucked up the ass. During this part Mistress Kareena slapped him a few times with the riding crop and called him a male slut and a sissy whore.

As they watched the video, Mistress Kareena continually commented on the naughty things that Kimmee did in the video. Each comment ended with a slap of the crop, followed by Kimmee repeating his apology. The leather crop continually caressed Kimmee's sensitive body between slaps. Mistress Kareena slid it down to his crotch and tickled his swollen balls with the cool material. She even slapped his cock a few times with the riding crop. Her cock slaps were enough to make him flinch without inflicting serious pain.

Kimmee's mind and body were overcome with competing emotions. He was embarrassed and ashamed at watching himself on the video. He was excited and aroused from the attention he was getting from his Mistress. Being restrained and helpless made him nervous, yet he felt more alive and aroused than ever before. Every inch of his skin screamed to be caressed and teased by his mistress. The gentle caressing of her riding crop sent chills through his body. Each slap of the crop delivered a burst of pain and excitement. He never knew when to expect pleasure or pain. Kimmee's mind seemed to twist and bend the rules. Soon the pain turned to pleasure. He was in an erotic state that he never experienced before. He lusted after his mistress for this and he did not want it to end. Kimmee repeated his apologies and savored the pleasure-pain of the riding crop. Soon Kimmee believed that he was weak and inferior and unable to control himself. He slipped into a deep submissive state of mind. He existed to serve and pleasure his mistress. He was her slave, her toy, her sissy, or whatever she wanted him to be.

When the video finally ended Mistress Kareena sat on Kimmee's lap. Her added weight pushed the butt plug deeper inside Kimmee, creating wonderful feelings. The silk of her night gown against his exposed cock added to his arousal. She brushed her hand through his hair and talked to him like a child who had just been punished, "Now, Kimmee...I want you to think about how naughty you have been and how bad that makes me feel. You will make it up to me dear. You need to be on your best behavior and do everything I say. Is that understood young lady?"

Kimmee became overly aroused at how his Mistress was talking to him. "Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry."

"Good. Now since you were such a whore, begging to be fucked in your pussy hole like a sissy slut, I decided to invite Miss Jen and Miss D over to have some fun with you. If you're a good slut, maybe I'll fuck that pussy hole of yours while they watch. You're such a whore, that I know you'll love it won't you dear?"

Mistress Kareena was right. He was a whore and could not wait for all the girls to come over. Kimmee's cock twitched at the thought. "Yes, I would love that Mistress. That will be soo much fun. I can't wait."

Mistress Kareena wiggled her ass against his cock, "I know dear. You're such a slut." Next she stood up and moved behind him so that they were both looking into the mirror. "Miss Jen and Miss D will only come over if I have a pretty sissy boy for them. Are you a pretty sissy boy?"

"Yes. I am a pretty sissy boy."

"Look into the mirror darling. I see a sissy boy, but I don't see a pretty one. We have a lot of work to do on you. Are you ready to be pretty for the girls."

Kimmee's mind was reeling with excitement. He didn't care what he had to say or do. All he could think about was being surrounded by 3 beautiful girls. "Yes, please make me pretty for the girls."

"Well to start with I think your pretty lingerie look silly on a hairy body. Don't you agree precious?"

Kimmee just nodded in agreement.

"Good then, let's get it all off."

Mistress Kareena untied Kimmee and led him into the bathroom. She had him stand in the bathtub while she rubbed hair removal cream over his body. She covered his chest, arms, and legs. She let the cream soak in and do its magic. This was also a good time for Kimmee to relax and calm himself down. After 15 minutes of waiting, Mistress took a damp cloth and wiped away his hair. Most of it came off on the first application. She repeated the process 2 more times to get all his hair off. Next she used scissors and a razor to eliminate his under arm hair and pubic hair, and to do some touch up work around his body.

When she was done she turned on the shower and washed her sissy off. She rubbed lotion over his body to soothe the open pores, paying special attention to his clean shaven balls. Finally she stood back and admired her work. "Much better angel. Now you are beginning to look soft and pretty. I just love your boy pussy and ovaries without any hair on them, don't you?"

Kimmee's eyes were cast downward. Never before had he felt so naked. The hair on his body had been with him all his life and now it was gone. It was strange to see his chest and legs without hair. He thought he looked better hairless. He felt very girlish and pretty. "Yes Mistress. I like the way I look without hair. This is nice."

Mistress Kareena moved closer and began to rub his cock and balls. His balls were extra sensitive without hair. An orgasm instantly began to surface. "He cried in panic, "are you going to let me cum? Please I'm going to cum!!"

Kareena quickly stopped stroking. Kimmee could feel the orgasm riding up through his cock. He tried as hard as he could to hold back, but he could not control his cock. It twitched and a small spurt of cum came out. It was the beginning of an orgasm, but Kimmee was able to quell it and keep it from continuing. He looked up at his Mistress in a panic. Then he instantly went into his programmed apology, "I am weak. I am inferior. I am a sissy slut and can not control myself."

Mistress Kareena laughed. She was impressed with reaction. "You are learning sissy slut. That might be the closest you get to an orgasm today. Lick it up you weak and inferior whore."

Kimmee got down on his knees and licked the cum off the tub. It was a bit degrading to lick his cum off a dirty tub, but he was grateful that his punishment was not worse.

While Kimmee licked up his cum, there was a knock on the door. Kimmee looked up wondering who it could be. Mistress pointed down at the tub and ordered him to keep licking. She walked out of the bathroom and closed the door. Kimmee heard muffled voice through the door and could hear a cart being pushed into the room. He figured lunch had arrived.

During lunch Kimmee kneeled naked next his mistress while she ate. When she was finished she handed him a small plate of salad. "You've got to slim your figure down sweetie. Light meals for your this weekend."

When he was done Mistress began the job of transforming him into a beautiful sissy. She applied red lipstick, eyeliner, and blush. She used powders and creams that Kimmee never knew existed. She plucked his eyebrows and painted his nails. Dark mascara brought out his hidden eyelashes. He was cleansed, perfumed and painted into a perfect sissy boy. During the whole process Mistress caressed and teased him. She tweaked his nipples and played with his boy pussy. Kimmee was kept on edge the entire time. Additionally, she continually complimented on how well the lipstick, makeup, and nail polish looked on him. She even took pictures of his transformation.

The continued teasing and positive reinforcement was a technique that Miss Jen had instructed her to use. By making the transformation as pleasurable and positive as possible, it encouraged the inferior male to want to dress like a girl and be pretty. Even though he might have doubts about being feminized, he would look forward to doing it in order to experience his natural manly pleasures.

When the painting and perfuming was done, Mistress brought over a fresh pair of black silk stockings. "Put these on darling."

More pictures were taken as Kimmee pulled the stockings over his bare legs. The stockings were expensive and extra silky. Each stocking was accented around the top with pink ribbon and a small pink bow. The stockings sent chills through his body when they rubbed over his newly shaved legs. Kimmee could not help but notice how beautiful his smooth muscular legs looked in the stockings. If these were the legs of a woman, they would certainly grab his attention.

Next mistress helped him into a black corset that covered his chest and stomach. Each cup of the corset was adorned with a pretty pink bow and a trail of pink ribbon led away from each bow, down to the bottom of the corset. The corset t was purposely small for him. Mistress had him kneel down. She placed her foot on his back, grabbed the laces on the back of the corset and pulled tight. The corset hugged uncomfortably tight around Kimmee's waist and chest. Mistress Kareena quickly tied the laces tight.

Kimmee's breathing became shallow. "Mistress, It's a little tight."

"Mmmm, yes my darling. That's the way it's supposed to be. Sometimes painful to be beautiful." Mistress walked around Kimmee and was delighted at the cleavage produced by the extra tight corset. "Just look at how it enhances your titties Kimmee. Very sexy." She snapped another picture of her slut.

Kimmee glanced down at his chest and was quite impressed himself. Next Mistress Kareena helped him into a pair of black silk panties. Pink ribbons accented each side of the panties and matched the stockings and corset perfectly. Kimmee shuddered when the smooth silk slid over his cock. Finally Mistress attached the garter straps from the corset to the tops of the stockings. When she was done she ordered Kimmee to pose for her as she took a few more pictures. Kimmee felt sexy and erotic. He was excited to model his new outfit.

After taking a few pictures, Mistress Kareena rummaged through Kimmee's bag and pulled out the black dress that Kimmee had bought for her. She held it up, "Hmmm. What is this darling? You weren't planning to wear this were you? I mean I can do wonders to make you pretty, but I'm not that good. Did you really think you could fit into this?"

"Uh...no...It's actually a present for you Mistress. I just never had a chance to give it to you."

"Very nice dear. I like it. Perhaps as a treat for you I'll wear it tonight. I like getting gifts. I think you should bring me a gift every time we meet, o.k."

"Yes Mistress. I will."

"..and next time wrap it please. You need to think more like a girl. A girl would have wrapped this in pretty paper with pretty ribbons. You'll do that for me next time, won't you princess?"

"Yes. Ma'am."

"Good. Now I happen to have a nice outfit for you to wear." Mistress Kareena brought over a black cotton skirt and a black top.

Kimmee was feeling uneasy about how far things were going. Wearing lingerie was fun because it was soft and sexy. He had no desire to dress completely like a woman, but he went along with it because he knew it excited Mistress and it was the only way he would get a chance to cum.

The skirt fit comfortably around his waist. The hem stopped just above his knees. Mistress purposely chose this length to hide his manly thighs. She also knew the length would restrict his stride and force him to walk in a more feminine manner. The black top was loose fitting. The v-neck showed a hint of his cleavage. Mistress Kareena had Kimmee sit on the bed, and then she helped him into a pair of black high heels. Kimmee was surprised at how perfectly they fit. He was also surprised to see Mistress Kareena lock a small padlock on the strap of each shoe.

Mistress Kareena looked up triumphant. "Miss Jen was nice enough to provide the special shoes. There's no turning back now Kimmee."

Kimmee's cock twitched at the thought of being trapped as a girl. Suddenly the idea seemed erotic and fun. Mistress Kareena had him stand-up and parade back and forth across the room. Kimmee felt awkward walking in the heels. With each step he felt the skirt tightening around his legs. He was aware of the stockings and garter straps stretching across his legs and thighs. The silk panties rubbed his cock and balls. With each breath he was reminded of the corset holding his titties. All these sensations reminded him of how girlish and perverted he was. He felt erotic and kinky.

Mistress Kareena finished her project with some jewelry and a wig. The dark loose curls looked ravishing against Kimmee's beautifully painted face. A diamond pendant was sure to draw attention to his cleavage and a pretty diamond bracelet added to his feminine state. From head to toe she had transformed a rough manly guy into a pretty princess sissy. She stared at her work and felt a rush of pleasure. Her pussy moistened and quivered as she took the final pictures. She had created a sissy and he was hers to play with...and she intended to do a lot of playing. "So how do you feel darling?"

"Ah...I don't know. It's a bit awkward."

"Yes, that's because it's unnatural for you darling. You will learn. You must lose those boyish habits and traits. You must learn to walk like a woman. You will learn to be proper and sexy and feminine. I will teach you darling."

Kimmee was nervous about how she talked about him being feminine and how she assumed he would do all this. Dressing like a girl was fun and exciting, but learning to be like a girl seemed a bit extreme. He was nervous, because he did not want to do all this. He was nervous, but he still went along with the flow.

Mistress Kareena was pleased with the results and she snapped a few more pictures of her sissy boy. After taking the last picture, Mistress Kareena stared at the bulge in the front of Kimmee's skirt. "We've got to do something about that boy pussy. It just ruins everything. This must be very exciting for you, but you must calm yourself down. Concentrate Kimmee."

Kimmee tried to calm himself down, but it was useless. He was too aroused and hyped up. Soon Mistress lost her patience and ordered Kimmee out onto the balcony. Once outside, she firmly gave him an ultimatum. "You've got 10 minutes to get rid of that unsightly bulge or I'll come out and use my own methods to make it go away. Got it?"

Kimmee did not want to even think about what her method would be. Fearfully he replied, "Yes. Ma'am."

Mistress Kareena handed him a rolled up sock. "Use this to keep your boy pussy between your legs." She turned and walked back into the room, leaving Kimmee on his own.

A few minutes later Kimmee cam back into the room bulge free. Somehow he managed to make his cock shrink small enough that he could bend it back through his legs. The rolled up sock served as a barrier to keep his cock from popping out from between his legs. His needy cock was like a trapped animal pushing and swelling, trying to break free. Even in it's confined state, his cock was stimulated and teased. His warm thighs brushed against the sensitive sides when he walked. The soft silk of the panties rubbed the length of his cock with each movement of his legs. It was sheer torture for Kimmee.

Mistress Kareena applauded Kimmee for completing the task so quickly. " I knew you could do it precious. You just needed a little fresh air and motivation. Now, it's time for your girl training dear. I believe in hands on experience. It's time for you to experience the female life first hand. I have a list of assignments for you to complete. You must do them in the order specified." Mistress looked at her watch. It was a few minutes before 2:00. You have 2 hours to complete the list. Be back here at 4:00 sharp. Not a minute sooner or later."

Kimmee took the list from his Mistress. His eyes widened when he read the first few tasks: 1. Go to the ladies restroom and buy a tampon 2. Go to a drugstore and buy red lip gloss and matching nail polish 3. Go to a store and try on a pretty dress. Take a picture of you wearing it in the dressing room

He did not expect to have to go out in public. He began to panic, "Please don't make me go out in public like this. I can't do it! Please this is to embarrassing!"

"Calm down sweetie. There's nothing to worry about. You look so pretty and feminine. Just look at yourself. You'll pass as a girl."

Kimmee looked in the mirror. It was the first time he saw his complete transformation. He was stunned at what he saw. Mistress Kareena was right. She had masterfully softened his complexion and feminized him. The make-up, corset, heels, and clothes had all done wonders to conceal his masculinity. He even thought he looked attractive and glamorous. Kimmee was speechless at first. Then it sunk in at how real his situation was. He still was embarrassed and scared about going out in public. "Ah...I don't ... I don't think I can do it."

Mistress did not take no for an answer. "Sure you can dear. Do it for me. It's what I want. It's what Miss Jen and Miss D want. Don't you want to please us?"

"Yes..but..."

"Then there's no more discussion. Do this or I call it all off right now. You can go home right now and forget about seeing Miss Jen, Miss D or myself again. Is that what you want?"

Kimmee thought about all the fun he was having. He thought about how exciting it was going to be to serve Mistress Kareena and the two other beautiful and young mistresses. He had fantasized many times about licking Miss Jen and Miss D's pussies. He was in his thirties and the chance of him ever getting a sexual opportunity with such young girls was slim. He did not want to miss the opportunity. Reluctantly he caved in to his Mistress. "No I don't want you to call it all off."

Mistress Kareena took his hand and led him to the door. She handed him a small black purse. "You'll need this angel. It has your money, credit cards, and a cell phone. The phone has a built in camera. Be sure to use it. Bye now. Have fun dear." Quickly she closed the door and watched through the eyehole.

Kimmee stood still for a moment, looked up and down the hall and nervously walked away. He felt as if he was in a whole new world. Although no one was watching him at the moment, his heart raced and perspiration formed on his forehead. He could feel his face flushing with embarrassment. He rode the elevator down alone and took a deep breath when it reached the lobby. The doors opened and Kimmee made his first public appearance as a woman.

To be continued...

Dominating Ken Pt. 09-10
byoneguy4fun©

PART 9: THE POWER OF THREE

Kimmee's (Ken's) heels clicked across the marble floor of the hotel lobby. He was in a hurry to go nowhere. He figured if he walked fast enough no one would notice the secret underneath the feminine facade. Mistress Kareena had done such a fabulous job at hiding his masculinity and highlighting his feminine qualities that someone passing by would not even have second thoughts that Kimmee was a woman. Despite this remarkable transformation, Kimmee felt insecure and vulnerable. He felt like all eyes were glaring at him and questioning his identity.

After aimlessly wandering around the hotel, Kimmee finally found a chair in a quiet corner of the lobby. It was awkward sitting down in a skirt. He felt the need to cross his legs. He chuckled to himself at this feminine instinct.

Kimmee read the instructions from his mistress and the list of things for him to do. For the most part, it was a list of feminine items to buy or try-on. Kimmee was to take a picture during each task and transmit it to Mistress Kareena via the cell phone. Not only did this document his first female day, but it provided Mistress with a continued update of his progress throughout the day.

Kimmee re-read the note several times in a daydream state. He was comfortable where he was and was afraid and nervous to start his tasks. Finally he mustered up enough nerve to get up and start his first task, which was to purchase a tampon from the ladies room in the hotel. Fortunately the restroom was not far from where he was sitting. He stared at the entrance for several minutes. When he was certain no one had gone in, he quickly made his way into the ladies room.

When the door closed behind him his body tingled with excitement. His cock swelled in its trapped state. He couldn't believe he was standing in a ladies restroom. It was taboo and kinky. He observed the fresh flowers on the marble counter and an eloquent couch near the entrance. Kimmee thought about how nice and luxurious the ladies room was compared to a men's room. It was like a luxurious escape from the world. 'I guess this is a nice perk to being a woman' he said to himself.

Kimmee approached the tampon dispenser which hung on the wall. He pulled two quarters from his purse and inserted them into the machine. A tampon in a pink wrapper dropped in the tray at the bottom of the dispenser. Kimmee picked it up and another rush of excitement flushed through him. To a normal woman this was an everyday purchase. However, Kimmee was a sissy whose emotions were wild with ecstasy. To him, purchasing the feminine product was an exciting event. He stared at the pink wrapper and thought about how intimate of an object the tampon was. Knowing that the intended place for the tampon was a woman's pussy aroused him. He grimaced in pain as his cock swelled and tried to free itself from the confines of his panties.

Kimmee tried to calm himself down, but it just wasn't happening. He looked at his watch and realized 20 minutes had elapsed since he first left the room and he had only completed one task. He decided he had to move on, despite the struggle occurring in his panties. Using the camera phone and snapped a picture of himself holding the tampon. He transmitted the picture to Mistress Kareena and then continued on with his assignments.

The instant Mistress Kareena's phone beeped, she picked it up and viewed the picture. She was thrilled that Kimmee was following her orders. She had been concerned when nothing came through in the first 10 minutes. She wondered whether he had wimped out and left. Now that she had confirmation that her sissy was going through with the assignments, she relaxed. Mistress Kareena headed for the shower and began preparing for the evening events.

There were 3 pictures waiting for Mistress Kareena when she came out of the bathroom. One was with Kimmee holding his new lipstick and the other two were pictures of him in a dressing room trying on a dress. She was impressed at the dress Kimmee had picked. It was plain black and the loose flowing style hid his masculinity well. Kimmee's pussy moistened as she stared at the pictures. Even to her, it was unbelievable that Kimmee was going through with the tasks. She was thrilled at how her power and seduction had forced a man to feminize himself. The more she interacted with him, the more comfortable she became with her female power. She was excited and nervous about the planned evening events with Miss Jen, and Miss D.

Mistress Kareena dried and styled her hair. She was tedious with her make-up, trying to get the perfect look of sexuality and dominance. Finally she slid into her slinky black dress. It hugged her curves snugly, leaving no room for undergarments. The dress was more risqué than her typical style but she knew it would drive Kimmee crazy. She also knew that Miss Jen would be pleased that she was wearing the dress. Staring at herself in the mirror, she was impressed at the sexual radiance she exuded. She felt a bit kinky and naughty. Her pussy dampened from the excited thoughts.

Mistress Kareena finished getting dressed just in time to catch Kimmee on his last assignment. She hurried down to the hotel bar and settled into a small table at the back of the room. She had a perfect view of the bar where she could spy on Kimmee without being noticed. His last assignment was to sit at the bar and have two drinks. He could order a cosmopolitan or an apple martini. Mistress Kareena chose these drinks because they were more of a woman's drink and they were a bit potent.

About five minutes after Mistress Kareena arrived, Kimmee walked into the bar. Shopping bags hung from his hands and he looked frazzled. Mistress Kareena's pussy tingled at the sight of her sissified boy. He looked pretty and girly. She giggled, knowing that beneath the skirt, his cock was neatly tucked between his legs like a pussy.

For Kimmee, the bar experience was nerve racking. Throughout the day he was able to avoid people and avoid talking. Now he had to order a drink from the bartender He thought about how embarrassing it would be if he was asked for ID. He was terrified of having to speak. He didn't know if he could pull off a woman's voice. Kimmee could have contemplated the whole bar assignment for hours but unfortunately he only had 10 minutes left to complete his assignments.

He sat on the barstool and crossed his legs like a lady. With his legs crossed he could not help but to squeeze his thighs and groin muscles. He felt lady-like and excited. He wished his cock was free and able to grow hard. He put his pretty purse on the table and the bar tender approached. Kimmee managed to squeak out a drink order. His voice was soft and crackly. His face was flushed with embarrassment. The cosmopolitan was a lighter shade of red and strong with Vodka. He drank it quickly and motioned for another one. He thought about ordering the apple martini, but was too embarrassed to speak up. It was easier to point to the glass and nod for a refill. He gulped the second drink down faster than the first and left a $20 bill on the bar. Too nervous to wait for change, he quickly got up and left.

Mistress Kareena had snuck out of the bar and was at the door when Kimmee arrived. Before he could knock she pulled the door open. "Hello Kimmee. How was everything?"

Kimmee was exhausted and his feet were killing him. However, the sight of his Mistress in the slinky black dress refreshed his emotions. Her perfume was sweet and intoxicating. She was dressed for adventure and Kimmee knew it. He suddenly felt invigorated and excited. "Pretty good. I completed all the tasks Mistress. My feet are a little sore, but other than that I'm fine."

"Awww.. Poor girl had a rough day. I guess you have new respect for us girls don't you. It takes a lot to be pretty doesn't it?"

"Yes. I don't know how you do it."

"Well, we've got a dinner date. Let's freshen you up a bit sweetie."

Mistress touched up Kimmee's make-up and lipstick. She re-applied his perfume and adjusted his wig. When she was satisfied she gestured toward the door. "Let's go dear. You need to be on your best behavior or I'll punish you, got it?"

"Yes. Ma'am."

Mistress Kareena led him to the hotel restaurant, where they were joined with Miss Jen and Miss D. The excitement brewing in Kimmee was torture. He knew it was going to be an unforgettable night. Any reservations he had, vanished the minute his saw Miss Jen and Miss D sitting at the table. They were both dressed to kill. Kimmee had a particular attraction to Miss Jen. Tonight she had a strong and powerful glow. Her hair was pulled back into a tight bun. She wore a black dinner dress that was sexy and sophisticated. Expensive pearls added to her eloquence.

Miss Jen's eye lit up when she saw Kimmee and Mistress Kareena. First she addressed Mistress Kareena. "Wow. Don't you look spectacular!"

Mistress smiled and thanked Miss Jen for the compliment. She felt underdressed compared to the beautiful and eloquent attire which Miss Jen and Miss D were wearing. Miss Jen's compliment put her at ease.

Next Miss Jen looked over at Kimmee. In a voice that purposely drew attention from other patrons, Miss Jen commented, "Oh darling, don't you look beautiful."

Kimmee's face flushed as the attention focused on him. Before he could sit down, Miss Jen ordered, "Turn around for us Kimmee. Let us see the whole outfit."

Kimmee slowly did a pirouette in front of the ladies and the few onlookers in the restaurant. Miss Jen and Miss D let out a few sighs and comments of approval Kimmee was excited at how pleased Miss Jen and Miss D were. He was also embarrassed from the attention he was getting from others in the restaurant. He was happy to finally take a seat at the small square table.

Miss D kept the attention on Kimmee. "Your make-up is beautiful sweetie. Let's see your nails."

Kimmee put his hands on the table so the girls could admire his shiny red nails. Miss Jen took his finger in her hand and gently rubbed the tips of his fingers. "Very nice sweetie. Red is a pretty color for you."

Kimmee's cock twitched at the touch of Miss Jen's soft hands. He was extremely aroused at being in the company of three superior females. He felt extremely submissive and docile in their presence. Throughout dinner Kimmee remained quiet as the girls talked. He was the subject of most of the conversation. Mistress Kareena even passed around her digital camera and camera phone. The girls giggled as they viewed the pictures of Kimmee being feminized and living out his first day as a female.

Kimmee didn't know why, but hearing the girls talk about him and watching them view his pictures aroused him. They seemed to be very excited and pleased with what he was doing and that excited him. It made him want to please them even more.

At the end of dinner Miss Jen announced that she had to go to the ladies room. She looked over at Kimmee. "One thing you should know about women is that we like to go to the bathroom together." Her gaze moved over to Mistress Kareena. "Would you mind if Kimmee escorted me to the bathroom?"

Mistress Kareena smiled, knowing that a trip to the bathroom with Miss Jen would be an adventure for Kimmee. "Not at all. Have fun."

Kimmee's heart pounded fast as he followed Miss Jen into the bathroom. The bathroom was spacious and full of marble. Inside Miss Jen turned towards Kimmee. "I must say darling. Your Mistress has done a fabulous job bringing out the princess in you. Are you enjoying this."

"Yes."

"I knew you would sweetie. I'm enjoying this to. I just love to see little boys dressed up nice and pretty." Miss Jen's hands groped his crotch. "Is your little cocky poo pushed between your legs like a boy pussy."

"Yes. Miss Jen."

"Well now, it must be dying to break free. Why don't we give it some air." Miss Jen led Kimmee into the large handicap stall. She pulled his skirt down, reached into his panties and freed his cock.

Kimmee's cock swelled to full size instantly. The fullness of his cock was a welcome feeling. Precum oozed out the tip. Miss Jen squeezed it a few times, milking out a small amount of cum. She scooped up the cream with her finger and raised it to his lips. "A little excited, aren't we princess."

Kimmee opened his lips to answer, but his words were stopped by her sticky finger. Silently he sucked his cum off her finger. Her other hand stroked his cock gently. He felt slutty and submissive. His pent-up sexual energy was gaining momentum. Kimmee was afraid to pull away, but even more scared to have an accident in her hand. He held on as long as he could and then he finally begged to Miss Jen, "Please stop. I can't take it. I'm going to cum! Please stop or let me cum!"

Miss Jen was an experienced manipulator and she knew that he was on the edge. She immediately let go of his cock and giggled. Ken stood in front of her, breathing deeply and concentrating on not cumming. Miss Jen moved close to Kimmee and began to unbutton his top. She whispered into his ear, "Let's see what pretty lingerie you have on." She removed his top and had him step of his skirt.

Miss Jen admired the feminine corset and matching stockings and panties. Her hand traced the pink ribbon from the cup of the corset, down to his stocking. "Very pretty Kimmee. You look very sexy princess. Mistress Kareena has done a great job with you." She leaned in and kissed Kimmee on the mouth. She spoke to Kimmee in a quiet seductive tone that resonated with erotic pleasure, "Ohhh. I just love seeing boys like this. It makes my pussy wet. Such a pretty girl you are. I love it when pretty boys lick my pussy. Do you want to lick my pussy pretty Kimmee?"

The pleasure in Miss Jen's voice transformed into physical pleasure for Kimmee. He was experiencing a tremendous excitement and arousal mentally and physically. Ever since he met Miss Jen he fantasized about licking her pussy. "Yes Miss Jen. I want to lick your pussy. Please let me lick your pussy"

"Are you a pretty girl for me?"

"Yes. I am a pretty girl."

"Are you a slut, willing to do anything for me?"

"Yes. Whatever you want Miss Jen. I want to please you."

"Open your mouth sissy slut and stick out your tongue."

Kimmee did as instructed. Miss Jen moved closer and inspected his tongue. "A little farther please. Show me that pretty tongue of yours."

Kimmee submissiveness and inferiority deepened from being inspected in this manner by such a young girl. Finally Miss Jen gave her approval. "I guess it will be good enough for my pussy. On your knees slut."

Kimmee was thrilled at the thought of licking Miss Jen's pussy. He didn't care that he was in a public restroom. He kneeled between the toilet and Miss Jen. Miss Jen raised her dress and Kimmee found himself staring at red silk panties. "Pull my panties down," ordered Miss Jen.

Kimmee lowered Miss Jen's panties to her ankles. Her pussy was swollen and surrounded by a thin strip of pubic hair. "Keep your mouth closed darling. Just inhale my scent." Kimmee closed his mouth and inhaled the strong scent. His cock twitched at the smell. Miss Jen guided his head toward her pussy. Then she pushed his head into her pussy and reinforced her order, "Keep that mouth closed slut. Enjoy my smell."

Miss Jen began to hump Kimmee's nose and mouth. Kimmee wanted to open his mouth and taste her but he remained obedient. Miss Jen was in need of release and she did not hold back. Her pussy quivered from the power she had over Kimmee. She was young and she had an older man kneeling before her, willing to cater to her every whim. Her pussy throbbed at the knowledge that she was controlling a man who was physically stronger than her. As if to enforce her dominance over her sissy, she firmly pushed his face and nose deep into the wet folds of her pussy. Her thighs clenched his head tightly as an orgasm rocketed through her body. She knew he was desperate for oxygen. He kept his mouth shut, but tried to pull away. His struggles were fruitless against the vice like grip of Miss Jen's thighs. She held him tight, so that he would experience the power of her pussy. Finally she released her prey and watched in delight as he gasped for breath, on his hands and knees.

Feeling powerful and goddess-like, Miss Jen placed her hand on Kimmee's head, grasped his hair and gently pulled his head upward. She lowered herself and stared into his eyes. "Don't worry sissy. You'll get to taste my pussy tonight. In fact you're going to get to know my pussy very well tonight. I've been waiting for this night for a long time and I know you have been to. Are you ready to submit to the female goddess tonight? Are you ready to worship Mistress, Kareena, Miss D, and myself?"

Kimmee thought Miss Jen's words were strange, but he didn't care. All he could envision was himself pleasuring three beautiful women. Still trying to catch his breath, he said, "Yes. Ma'am. I'm ready to worship you."

Miss Jen smiled, "Good girl." She released his head and dropped a set of keys on the floor in front of him. "Pull yourself together sweetie and then fetch my car. It's the BMW parked out front."

Kimmee reached for the keys. The tip of Miss Jen's shoe trapped his hand over the keys on the floor. Kimmee looked up, helpless as a mouse caught in a trap. A devious grin appeared on Miss Jen's face. "Loose the skirt and blouse when you pick us up darling. Your lingerie is too pretty to cover up. Don't hide that boy pussy either. Keep it nice and swollen and show us what a horny slut you really are."

Miss Jen abruptly turned and walked out of the bathroom. Kimmee quickly stood up and fixed his clothing. He went to the mirror and touched up his make-up and then exited the restaurant. He immediately recognized her BMW in the parking lot. Inside the car he stripped down to his lingerie. It was still daylight and so he was a bit nervous about sitting in the car with an erection dressed in dainty clothes. He decided to wait in the parking lot until his Goddesses walked out of the restaurant. He soon learned this was a big mistake.

Mistress Kareena laid into him the second she opened the car door. "How dare you make us wait slut! You should have been here waiting for us. I should make you get out right now and beg for forgiveness."

Kimmee's heart stopped at the thought. The public humiliation would be too much for him. "Please don't mistress. I'm sorry. Please don't make me get out dressed like this."

"I'm in a good mood sissy, so I won't make you do it. You will be punished for this sissy."

Kimmee meekly replied, "Thank you mistress."

Kimmee was surprised when all three girls slid into the back seat of the spacious BMW. Mistress Kareena was in the middle. Miss Jen spoke up, "Okay sissy, take us to my shop and park in the back."

They were the last words spoken to Kimmee during the ride. As soon as he pulled away from the restaurant, Miss Jen and Miss D turned their full attention to Mistress Kareena. At first it was silent in the car. Kimmee could barely make out the sound of hands rustling across fabric. A faint moan from Mistress Kareena drew Kimmee's attention. He glanced in the rearview mirror and was delighted at the sight. Miss Jen and Miss D's hands were all over Mistress Kareena's body. They were gently caressing her tits and rubbing her thighs. Each young girl was delivering soft kisses and licks to Mistress Kareena's neck. Through the mirror, Kimmee could see Mistress Kareena's closed eyes. She was drifting into pleasure.

Mistress Kareena's thoughts drifted back to dinner. She was certain Miss Jen and Miss D were flirting with her. Perhaps it was too much wine or maybe the kinky weekend, but she was flattered and slightly aroused at the attention she was getting from the beautiful and young girls. When they exited the restaurant all holding hands, she felt like a girl herself.

While getting into the car, Mistress Kareena felt a few casual touches on her ass and tits. At first they seemed innocent but within seconds she knew their purposes. Miss Jen and Miss D were quick and swift at bringing out her arousal. She didn't have time to think or protest. Their skillful seduction sent her mind and emotions reeling instantly. She did not know how to react so she sat there and let it happen. She titled her head back, closed her eyes, and savored the pleasure coursing through her body.

Within minutes, soft lips sucked on each of her nipples. Gentle hands glided over her thighs and applied just enough pressure to cause her legs to spread. Fingers gently probed and teased her juicy pussy. Every movement was soft and gentle. Kisses and caresses teased her body from head to toe. Occasionally a tongue would slip into her mouth and she would do her best to return the kiss. She opened her body and soul to the forbidden pleasures. Her body was hot and tingling. Soon she was bucking and moaning in delight. Fingers continued to tease her pussy and awaken her inner most feelings. The touches and kisses brought out her orgasm and enhanced its pleasure. When her body had enough, the fingers and kisses gently retreated leaving Mistress Kareena breathless and refreshed.

Kimmee pulled into the parking lot just as his Mistress came back to earth. Mistress Kareena was glad for the timing as it helped her avoid an awkward moment. Had there been a few more minutes in the car, she would not have known what to say to Miss Jen and Miss D for their stellar performance. She quickly turned the focus onto Kimmee. "Hurry up sissy slave. Get the door for us."

Kimmee looked backed nervously. "May I put my clothes back on Mistress?"

Miss Jen intervened, "Sweetie, your lingerie is much to pretty to cover up. Don't worry, no one will see you back here."

Kimmee stared with an uncertain look. Mistress Kareena's tone became authorities. "You heard Miss Jen! Don't keep us waiting slut or we'll make you go in the front door in your sissy clothes. Is that what you want darling?"

"No..no...I'm coming!" Kimmee jumped out of the car and opened the door for the ladies. In his rush to obey, he did not notice the large wet spot that had formed on the front of his panties. The girls picked up on it right away.

Miss D traced her finger nail over the wet area. "Hmmm. It seems that princess slutboy enjoyed the show in the car."

Mistress Kareena reached down and adjusted Kimmee's cock so that the tip poked out of the waist band of the panties. She rubbed her finger over his pee hole causing precum to ooze out and causing Kimmee to gasp from the pleasure. "Poor girl, if you got that excited over watching us, it's going to be a long torturous night for you. The fun is just starting."

Mistress Kareena gave Kimmee's boy pussy a firm squeeze and then grabbed his swollen pussy and pulled him toward the door. "Come on sissy." He had no choice but to follow. He was led inside and down a flight of steps. As they descended the steps, the reality of what was happening began to sink in for Kimmee. It was the first time he was alone with all three Mistresses. It was thrilling and arousing. His excitement grew exponentially with each step down.

At the bottom of the steps was a large open room. One side of the room was set-up as a sitting area with plush carpeting and a couch and love seat. Midway through the room the carpeting abruptly ended and turned to plain white tile. Various tables and bondage equipment covered the floor and hung from the ceiling. The walls were lined with whips, chains, paddles, and various other bondage toys. Because they were in the basement of a lingerie and adult novelty shop, Kimmee was not surprised at what he saw. Of course the broad display of toys and bondage equipment was intimidating.

Kimmee was relieved when the girls choose to take residence at the sitting area. Miss Jen pointed to a bar in the corner of the room. "Kimmee, Fetch us some wine and pour 4 shots of vodka."

On top of the bar, Wine glasses and shot glasses were neatly placed on a serving tray next to a bottle of Merlot and a bottle of Absolute. Kimmee poured the wine and vodka and used the tray to serve his Mistresses. Each lady took a glass of wine. Kimmee held the tray of shots, unsure what to do. Mistress Kareena pointed to the floor in the center of the sitting area. "Kneel," she commanded.

Carefully balancing the tray, Kimmee kneeled. Miss D took the tray from him. Mistress Kareena explained the shots like a drill sergeant, "These are naughty shots for you sissy. One is for making us wait for the car, one is for wetting your panties like a naughty school girl, one is for begging to Miss Jen in the bathroom like a dirty whore, and one is because I know you're going to fuck up something before you finish the first three."

The three girls laughed at his expense. Miss D got up a brought over a large plastic funnel, similar to a beer bong. The base of the spout had a knob that was used to stop the flow of liquid. Kimmee was ordered to tilt his head back and the funnel was placed in his mouth and the knob was turned so that the funnel could be filled with vodka. Each girl took turns pouring the shots into the funnel. When it was full, Mistress Kareena released the knob and pure vodka rushed straight down Kimmee's throat. It happened so fast, Kimmee could barely taste the vodka. The aftertaste caused his eyes to water and his head to spin.

Once again the girls laughed at his expense. Miss D commented, "That ought a clean out the naughtiness."

Kimmee could handle his alcohol pretty good. However, he had been drinking earlier and Mistress Kareena had kept his meals light throughout the day. The 4 ounces of vodka went straight to his head and he was buzzing pretty good. The girls had carefully planned the whole night and so his semi-drunk state was no accident.

Kimmee remained kneeling while the girls chatted and finished their wine. Occasionally the girls would force Kimmee to consume wine through the funnel. His mind was swimming and he half heard their conversations. All he could think about was how exciting the night was going to be. Finally Miss Jen spoke up, "I think it's time we start."

Mistress Kareena took Kimmee into a small empty room. On the floor were ankle and wrist cuffs, a collar, and a blindfold. Mistress unlocked his shoes and ordered Kimmee to strip naked and put on the items on the floor. She had things to do so she left without watching.

As instructed Kimmee stripped naked and put on the cuffs, collar and blindfold. For what seemed like an eternity he stood naked and in darkness, waiting for his next instructions. As he waited his mind overflowed with fantasies and scenarios of what could happen with his three lovely mistresses. He was thrilled at the opportunities and amazed that he was fortunate enough to find himself in a strange but wonderful predicament.

Finally he heard the door open. No words were spoken. He felt chains being attached to his ankle cuffs and wrist cuffs. There was a forceful tug downward on his wrist cuffs. Kimmee followed the tug and got down on his hands and knees. The person walked behind him and ran her hand along his ass and over the base of the butt plug that had become a permanent fixture in his ass. Mistress Kareena's soft voice broke the silence, "You won't be needing this right now."

She tugged on the plug and it oozed out of his ass. The emptiness was a welcome feeling for Kimmee. Having the plug in all day was becoming discomforting. Mistress Kareena reached around his neck and unclasped the gold necklace that Kimmee had worn everyday for the last 10 years. "I'll hold onto this for you dear. Tonight you are to be as naked as the day you were born. No body hair, no clothes, no jewelry." Mistress Kareena tugged on his cock a few times and moaned into his ear. "Mmmm. I like you this way sweetie. Naked and submissive, like a baby boy dependent on his mommy."

Mistress Kareena tugged his chains, in a manner that caused him to sit up on his knees. She leaned forward and positioned her nipple in front of his mouth. "Open your mouth sweetie and suck on mommy's nipple."

Kimmee did as instructed. Mistress Kareena responded with delight "Oooh that's it's baby. Drink mommy's milk. Mmmm. It's so good, isn't it sweetie."

Although there was no milk, Kimmee sucked like a hungry baby. His aroused emotions surprised him. Mistress Kareena continued with the baby talk. "Ooh yes sweetie.... my baby girl. Your pretty glossy lips look so nice on my nipples." She squeezed his dripping cock and hairless balls. "Mmm. Your pussy poo is fresh and clean and wet. Such a naughty baby girl."

Mistress Kareena was becoming equally aroused. She had not planned on taking Kimmee down this road; it just seemed to happen. Mistress Kareena soon realized she was moving away from the planned events. Miss Jen and Miss D were waiting for her and Kimmee. It took all her will power to get back on track. She pulled away from Kimmee. "That's enough sweetie. Now we've got to clean up that angel face up."

Mistress Kareena carefully wiped away the lipstick, eye shadow, and makeup on Kimmee's face. "Mmm. There's my little Ken. All ready to worship his mistresses."

It was the first time all weekend he was referred to by his real name. Ken was surprised but did not have much time to think. Mistress Kareena pulled on a leash that was attached to his wrist cuffs. Ken was forced to walk after her on his knees.

He was still blindfold so all he could do was trust that his Mistress would lead him safely around the room. Ken sensed an overwhelming quietness as he crawled after his Mistress. Finally his Mistress stopped and his blindfold was removed. His eyes adjusted easily to the candle lit room. The three girls stood in front of him dressed identically. They looked like sexual Goddesses.

Small white candles encircled him and the three girls. The smell of incense was thick and overpowering. The girls appeared like a beautiful mirage in front of him. All three were dressed like Roman Goddesses in toga style dresses. Mistress Kareena's dress was long and flowing. The top was strapless and sleeveless, showing off her toned arms and ample cleavage. The white satin dress was trimmed in gold and pulled into her slender waist by a braided gold belt.. The dress flowed down to her ankles and had a provocative slit that ran far up her side. Her bare leg peeked out from under the dress, teasing Ken. Ken's eyes were drawn to a thin gold leg band which criss-crossed up her leg and tied into a perfect bow a few inches below her knees. A gold arm bracelet snaked up and around her bicep. Finally gold dangling earrings and a thick gold crescent necklace complete with red ruby in the center, completed the Goddess image.

On each side of Mistress Kareena stood Miss Jen and Miss D. Their dresses were identical to each other and similar to Mistress Kareena's. They were white satin and trimmed in gold. However, instead of ankle length dresses, the hems stopped a few inches above their knees. Instead of strapless tops, the young Goddesses had only one should bare. The toga dress tied in a knot on the right shoulder and cut diagonally across the chest. Miss Jen and Miss D wore the same gold and ruby accessories as Mistress Kareena. All three Goddesses had their hair pulled back into a tight bun.

Ken was in heaven at the beautiful site before him. The girls were sexy and powerful. He was overwhelmed and intimidated at their beauty and dominant presence. Mistress Kareena let Ken take in the view for a brief moment. Then she took control. "Eyes down!"

Ken's eyes instantly darted towards the floor. There was a power in the room that caused him to obey without question.

Mistress Kareena talked in a formal and authorative tone. "You are here to worship us as true Goddesses. You will obey and worship us without question. Is that understood?"

"Yes ma'am."

"You have proven yourself worthy enough to serve us. Tonight we will take you as our servant. We will allow you to worship us. You will please us in anyway that we wish. Our pleasure comes before yours. Are your prepared to accept this responsibility?"

Ken was not sure what he was getting into. All he knew was that he was surrounded by three beautiful women and they were asking him to pleasure them. His cock was on the verge of exploding. He would do whatever they wanted in search for his own selfish pleasure and so he replied, "Yes I am."

"Excellent. I am pleased with your obedience. Now it is time to show your respect to us. I will read several statements. For each statement I read, you will kiss each of my feet and then you will say my name and repeat the statement. Then you will do the same to Miss Jen and then to Miss D. Is that understood?"

The instructive tone in which Mistress Kareena was speaking, combined with the aura of candles created a ceremonious atmosphere. Ken felt as if he was being inducted into a sacred society. He obediently replied, "Yes ma'am."

"Good then let's get started. I exist to serve you. Your pleasure is what is important to me."

Ken leaned over and kissed Mistress Kareena's left foot and right foot. He felt as if he was worshipping her. His cock pulsed with each kiss. Ken repeated, "Mistress Kareena, I exist to serve you. Your pleasure is what is important to me."

He moved over to Miss Jen and kissed her feet. He repeated the words to her. The thought of worshipping a girl so much younger than him seemed taboo and thrilling. Ken's cock dripped in excitement. Once again he repeated the gesture and words to Miss D. Again he was thrilled at worshiping such a young girl.

Once he was finished with Miss D, Mistress Kareena continued the ceremony. 15 minutes later Ken had kissed each of their feet a half a dozen times and had proclaimed his inferiority to the mistresses and all women. He pledged to be loyal and obedient to each of the girls and to all females. He committed to strive to be more like the superior woman.

Next Ken was led over to a long cushioned table. The girls had him lay on his back. Miss Jen and Miss D each took one of his hands and pulled them back underneath the table and secured his writs to a leg post under the table.

Mistress Kareena stood next to Ken, looking down at him with an omnipotent smile. "It's time to worship the essence of your desire."

Miss Jen stepped behind Mistress Kareena and unzipped her dress. Mistress Kareena's dress fell to the floor, leaving her naked. She mounted Ken on top of the table, straddling his chest. Her pussy was shaven clean, allowing Ken an unobstructed view of her swollen and moist pussy.

Although Ken's eyes were already fixed on the juicy treat inches from his face, Mistress Kareena barked the order, "Look at my pussy slut."

Mistress Kareena's dominance was making him drunk in lust.

"It is this pussy that has overpowered you and controlled you. It is this pussy that has brought you to your knees and turned you to a sissy. Tonight you will experience its power. Tonight you will worship my pussy."

Mistress Kareena moved overtop of Ken's face and lowered her pussy onto his mouth. Eagerly he licked and sucked the swollen petals of her pussy. While she fucked his face, Miss Jen gently massaged his cock and balls. Ken was could hardly concentrate on Mistress's pussy with all the pleasure he was getting from Miss Jen. He didn't even notice Miss D expertly maneuvering a video camera around the room . Mistress Kareena continued to grind her pussy into his mouth and nose. He was helpless with hands tied to the table. Somehow he managed to keep pace with the face humping. Mistress Kareena started to chant "Worship my pussy. Obey my pussy. My pussy controls you."

Ken heard those words over and over again. At the same time his cock was being teased and pleasured by Miss Jen. The chanting and pleasure were infusing his mind with a new purpose in life. Each time the words entered his mind he became more submissive and more excited. Soon he was truly worshipping her pussy with his tongue.

His worshipping was having the desired effects on Mistress Kareena. Just before her orgasm approached she paused for a second and looked into Ken's lusting eyes. She smiled a wicked smile and said "This is the power of my pussy. Respect it!" Then she covered his mouth and nose with her pussy. Her hips bucked back and forth, smothering Ken in her pussy.

Ken struggled to breath. He pulled on his restraints but could not free himself. He could hear Mistress Kareena screaming in orgasmic pleasure. Her screams seemed to fade in Ken's mind and then everything went black.

Only a few seconds had passed before Ken regained consciousness. A few more seconds had passed before Ken realized that he was now staring at a different pussy. This one had a thin strip of pubic hair. He was in a dreamy state and was delighted to discover that Miss Jen's pussy was now inches from his face. Another look of omnipotence cast down on Ken.

"Look at my pussy slut," ordered Miss Jen.

Once again, Ken obeyed.

"It is this pussy that has overpowered you and controlled you. It is this pussy that has brought you to your knees and turned you to a sissy. Tonight you will experience its power. Tonight you will worship my pussy."

Ken's brain was back to full oxygen but he couldn't help but think De Ja Vu after hearing Miss Jen's words. De Ja Vu it was, but this time it was Miss Jen humping his face and Mistress Kareena playing with his cock. Miss Jen began the chants, "Worship my pussy. Obey my pussy. My pussy controls you."

Eagerly Ken worshipped Miss Jen's pussy with his tongue. He savored her young and fresh juices. He did all he could to bring the young Goddess pleasure. Soon her orgasm approached and just like Mistress Kareena she paused and said, "This is the power of my pussy. Respect it!"

Ken knew what was coming and could do nothing to prevent it. Miss Jen used her fingers to open her pussy. Then she impaled her throbbing pink lips over his nose. She pushed down and smothered his mouth. This time the darkness came faster and lasted longer.

Once again Ken woke in a dreamy state. The alcohol, incense, cock teasing, and lack of oxygen to his brain were teasing his mind. He tried to move and was quickly reminded of his helpless state. His cock seemed to enjoy the situation. Ken soon discovered he was staring at a different pussy. This time it was Miss D's. This was the first time Ken had seen Miss D's pussy which caused a renewed excitement in Ken. Like Miss Jen and Mistress Kareena, Missy D's pussy lips were swollen. Her pussy was surrounded by a neatly trimmed patch of hair. Her sexual scent seemed stronger than the other girls. Ken could not wait to experience her divine taste.

Ken was ready for the order when it came. "Look at my pussy slut!"

He was ready to worship another pussy. Soon he was licking and sucking Miss D's throbbing clit. His mouth and tongue were tired but he continued to drive a deep pleasure within Miss D. He existed to bring her pleasure. He was helpless and at her mercy.

Then came the pause that he feared and the words echoed in his mind. "This is the power of my pussy. Respect it!"

By now Ken understood the power of a woman's pussy. He did respect it. He wanted to shout it out but it was too late. Miss D's pussy clamped over his mouth and nose. He inhaled her strong musky scent. He struggled helplessly to breath. Ken remained conscious long enough to feel a warm stream of girl cum fill his mouth. It was sweet and exquisite. He drifted off wishing he could taste more.

Ken seemed to be getting a 'high' effect from all the pussy suffocation. He felt as if he were hallucinating when he awoke. The pussy smell was a pleasant addition to his dreamlike state. Slowly everything came into focus and he recognized Mistress Kareena's dripping pussy inches from his face. "Look at my pussy," she ordered.

Ken was enjoying himself, but he did not know how much more he could take. He pleased for mercy. "I respect you pussy, Mistress. I worship it. Please be merciful Mistress! I want to pleasure you, but I don't think I can take more."

All three girls laughed at his pleading. Mistress Kareena's voice was steady and commanding. "Tell it to my pussy. Tell my pussy how much you respect it and want to worship it."

Ken thought it was silly to talk to her pussy but he knew better than question her. He stared straight into her puffy lips and said, "I respect you and worship you. I love to worship you. I love to please you."

Miss Jen commented, "Keep going pathetic slut. Call it by name. Tell Pussy how you are a slave to it and will do anything for it." Miss Jen reached over and, using her two fore fingers, gently spread open Mistress Kareena's pussy so that Ken could stare into her deep hole.

Ken could feel Mistress Kareena's body shudder with pleasure. Now he stared in awe at the site before him. He was too shocked and excited at what he was seeing to feel any humiliation. He talked straight into Mistress Kareena's pussy. "Pussy I will do anything for you. I am a slave for you Pussy. I live to serve you Pussy."

All three girls were delighted with his response. Miss Jen eased her fingers away from Mistress Kareena. Mistress Kareena caught her breath and then her ceremonious voice took over. While she spoke Miss Jen gently stroked Ken's cock, keeping him on edge. "You stare out what brought you life. Tonight slave, you learned that it can also take away your breath which gives life. Now you know it powers. It is your purpose in life to worship and pleasure pussy. Do you understand slave?"

Ken fully understood his purpose and he accepted it whole heartedly. "Yes. I exist to worship and pleasure pussy."

"Very good slave. Tonight you will live by those words." Mistress Kareena moved off of Ken and Miss Jen took her place. Miss D straddled Ken's face but was facing toward his feet. At the same time Miss Jen straddled Ken's waist, facing Miss D. She positioned herself over top of his cock. Before Ken could make sense of anything, both girls eased down onto Ken. Miss D lowered her pussy onto his mouth and nose. Miss Jen impaled herself onto his cock.

Both girls slowly humped Ken. Ken was in heaven. He licked Miss D's extra juicy pussy and was thrilled to have a 19 year old beauty riding his cock. It was hard for Ken to think with so much action going on, but he soon realized that he should have cum the instant Miss Jen lowered her tight pussy onto his overly teased cock. For some reason he was not feeling pleasure in his cock.

Mistress Kareena took delight in explaining his unique state. "Ken, you're such a slut. It must be killing you to feel no pleasure, while such beautiful goddesses are fucking you. Don't worry, your little boy pussy is not broken. We've been massaging a special numbing lotion in all night. We didn't want to ruin tonight with your nasty cum. Tonight is about our pleasure darling. Tonight you worship us and exist for our pleasure."

She was right about Ken. Emotionally he was having the night of his life. Physically he could not feel the pleasure. It was driving him crazy to know that his cock was inside a hot young girl but he could not feel her warmth and tightness. Miss Jen's and Miss D's humping began to increase in rhythm. Somehow they managed to kiss and play with each others tits while they humped Ken. He was just a sex toy to them.

Off to the side, Mistress Kareena worked the video camera with one hand and with the other she worked her own pussy. This was a first experience for her. Her pussy was wetter than ever. The sight of Miss Jen and Miss D playing with each other while humping Ken's face and cock was sexually exhilarating. Mistress Kareena's own pussy took great delight in the scene.

Soon Miss D's pussy began thrusting harder onto Ken's mouth and nose. Miss Jen and Miss D's timing were perfect. They moaned and screamed together in ecstasy. Once again, warm girl cum gushed out of Miss D's throbbing sex. This time Ken remained conscious and was able to enjoy it's gooey warmth.

When the girls finished with their toy, they released him from his restraints and allowed him to rest for a few minutes. Ken was happy for the break. His arms were tired and weak from being restrained.

Miss Jen and Mistress Kareena left the room. Miss D brought a damp cloth over to Ken and began to wash him off. She took her time, slowly running the soft cloth over Ken's chest and arms. For Ken it was soothing, refreshing and erotic and to be cleaned in this manner. Miss D teased his nipples a few times and spent extra time washing his cock and balls. Her slow erotic teasing intensified Ken's desire to cum. Her gazed into her eyes silently but with a look that pleaded for release. Miss D smiled seductively, knowing his desires.

Their gazing was interrupted by the entrance of Miss Jen and Miss D. Now Ken's eyes were gazing at the dildo protruding from Mistress Kareena's crotch.. Miss Jen also wore one. Their purpose was no mystery to Ken. His manly instincts would normally reject the idea of allowing a dildo inside of him. His ass even clenched at the thought. However what was left of his manliness easily shattered from the erotic vision before him. Mistress Kareena possessed a sexual maturity that intimidated and fascinated Ken. Miss Jen was young, and vibrant with a firm body that mesmerized Ken. Together their sexuality was powerful and overwhelming, transforming the dildos into a pleasurable desire for even the strongest of men.

For Ken it was a moment that he knew would come and he was excited for it. Ever since Ken met Mistress Kareena he fantasized about being fucked by her with a dildo. Ken's thought drifted to the first time she made him use a butt plug. He did not want to use it. He was a straight man and it seemed wrong and unnatural to insert an object into his ass. However, he could not resist Mistress Kareena's erotic power and he forced himself to obey so that he could please her. What he did not anticipate was the tremendous pleasure that engulfed him when the plug was inside of him. Much of the pleasure was driven by being forced do something he didn't want to do. However, it was the intense and focused pleasure that took him by surprise and made him beg to cum. Once he experienced that deep forbidden pleasure he never turned back.

The butt plug was a small step toward Ken's feminization and submissiveness. Now he was about to take a big step forward. Miss D helped Ken off the table and made him kneel in front of Mistress Kareena. Then she retrieved the video camera and began to record the next life changing event for Ken.

The dildo added to Mistress Kareena's powerful and dominant aura. Ken felt weak and submissive kneeling in front of her with the cock inches from his eyes. Mistress Kareena moved the dildo towards Ken's lips. She purposely called him by his girl name. "You've had a lot of practice on your dildo Kimmee. Let's see what you can do. Show me what a good cock sucker you are sweetie."

Ken could not believe it, but he was actually excited to show off his cock sucking skills in front of the girls. Slowly he licked the head of the dildo and took it into his mouth. Mistress Kareena gently thrust her hips back and forth and began to moan. She was thrilled at his eagerness and she found it invigorating to have her sissy kneeling before her, sucking her strap-on. An erotic energy took hold of her mind and body and she began to thrust harder and deeper into Kimmee's mouth. Mistress Kareena's pussy dampened with each thrust and she moaned as if Kimmee was truly sucking her cock.

Kimmee also found the experience thrilling. While he tried to keep up with Mistress Kareena's thrusting, Miss D and Miss Jen cheered him on. "Suck it sweetie....what a slut.....Make her cum slut. Deep throat it baby.....you are such a good cock sucker....you're a natural..."

Kimmee's arousal was peaking and he did his best to show off his cock sucking skills. Mistress Kareena put her hands on the back of his head and thrust into his mouth. She held him firm and controlled the rhythm. Her breathing became irregular and her moans were deeper and filled with lust. Kimmee was certain that Mistress Kareena was about to orgasm, but then she abruptly pulled away, causing the dildo to pop out of his mouth. It took her a few minutes to catch her breath.

She looked down at her slave, waiting obediently for her next command. Instead of a command, she asked, "Do you want to cum slut? Do you want to cum for me like a girl?"

Kimmee was not sure what she meant by 'cum like a girl' but he didn't care. He heard the word 'cum' and that's all he cared about. He quickly responded, "Yes Mistress. Yes! I want to cum!"

Mistress Kareena glanced over at Miss D and winked.. She was happy that this was being caught on video tape. She knew this video would be a keeper and would be watched many times over and over. Mistress Kareena quickly returned her attention to sissy Kimmee.

"Mmmm. I just love it that you are such a slut. You will cum like a girl for me, won't you slut?"

Once again Kimmee was not sure what she meant but he did not want to risk losing the opportunity to cum so he just begged the way Mistress Kareena liked him to beg. "Yes. I will cum like a girl. Please let me cum like a girl for you."

"Very good sissy. Hop up on the table. On your back like a slut."

Kimmee did as instructed. Miss Jen secured his wrist to the table legs under his head. Then she walked down to his feet. "Spread your legs for me slut, "ordered Miss Jen.

The table was narrow so Kimmee had to hold his legs up once he spread them. Kimmee's groin and ass stretched slightly. It was a wonderful feeling. With his arms tied back and his legs spread for Miss Jen and Mistress Kareena, he felt vulnerable and slutty. His ass tingled knowing what was going to happen.

Miss Jen lubed up her fingers and slowly teased Kimmee's ass with them. Kimmee's ass had already been stretched by the butt plugs that he wore over the last few days and so Miss Jen's fingers slid easily into his ass. Her dirty talk added to the teasing. "Feels good having my finger your pussy hole doesn't it? You want to be fucked in your pussy hole don't you?"

Miss Jen's slick fingers felt like heaven inside of him. Her reference to his ass as a pussy hole added a whole new erotic element that mentally drove him wild. He opened up to her fingers and moaned, "Oh yes. That feels so good. Please fuck my pussy hole."

Miss Jen was generous with the lubrication. When she was satisfied that Kimmee was lubricated properly she stepped away and let Mistress Kareena take over.

Mistress Kareena and Kimmee were equally excited at what was about to occur. It was a first for both of them. Mistress Kareena felt her pussy quivering and throbbing as she moved into position between Kimmee's legs. She commented, "I just love to see you on your back with your legs spread like a slut. I could have fucked you doggie style, but I thought this was more appropriate for such a sissy boy. I also wanted to see you cum all over yourself as I fuck your pussy hole. Are you ready to cum for me Kimmee?"

Ken could barely hold back his excitement. He was on the verge of cumming just thinking about what was going to happen. "Yes. Please let me cum. Please fuck my pussy hole!"

"Calm down sweetie. Don't cum just yet. We've got to enjoy this for a few minutes. Don't cum until I say so, O.K.?"

"Yes Mistress. Thank You."

Mistress Kareena slowly teased the rim of Kimmee's ass with the head of the strap-on. Little by little she eased the cock in and out of his pussy hole, going deeper with each thrust. The cock was going in easier than she thought but she still took her time. She wanted Kimmee to enjoy his first ass fucking. Once the cock had been fully consumed by Kimmee's pussy hole, she began a gentle and even rhythm thrusting in and out of his hole.

The slow and gentle fucking was driving Kimmee wild. Each thrust into his tight hole awakened new pleasures. He fought hard to hold back his orgasm. Tears came to his eyes from such intense pleasure. Mistress Kareena quickened her pace and Kimmee knew he could not hold back any longer. He was about to plead for release but his Mistress beat him to it. In between short raspy breaths she ordered, "Cum for me now slut. Cum like a girl."

Within seconds a warm stream of cum spurted from Kimmee's cock. Mistress Kareena continued to pound his ass, causing more and more cum to spurt out.

Miss Jen could not let the moment go by without a verbal reminder of how pathetic he was at the moment. She stood to the side and jeered at him, "You're a sissy. Look at you cumming from being fucked in your pussy hole. No one's even touching your little cock and your cumming. You really like being fucked in your pussy hole like a sissy, don't you?"

Kimmee was too caught up in the moment to respond. He continued to cum and open himself up to his Mistress. He could feel his hot cum covering his chest and stomach. A few squirts even landed on his chin. Kimmee was amazed at the amount of cum that he produced. Finally the cum stopped and the thrusting slowed.

Mistress Kareena slowly pulled out and sighed with delight. She felt relaxed yet so alive. The whole experience was invigorating and far more exciting than she ever imagined. Fucking her slut was the ultimate act of dominance and control. Before her slut even erupted with cum, she was in the midst of multiple orgasms. Rippling currents had washed through her body. It was a pleasure that she would never forget and certainly a pleasure she would experience again.

Mistress Kareena asked, "Did you like having your pussyhole fucked slut?"

Kimmee could not lie. "Yes Mistress. Thank You. That felt incredible"

"Well you've been such a good slut. You deserved a nice fucking. Now rest up. We'll have more fun later."

The three Goddesses walked out of the room, leaving Kimmee tied to the table. He was so exhausted he quickly fell asleep. Kimmee was not sure how long he was asleep. He was awoken by a soft warm feeling dragging across his body. He opened his eyes to see Mistress Kareena washing him off with a damp wash cloth.

Mistress Kareena's voice was kind a sincere. "Did you enjoy last night?"

Kimmee's hands were no longer bound and so he relaxed and took comfort in the warm wash cloth. He thought about the night's events and his cock swelled. Mistress Kareena was dressed in her Goddess outfit, which brought back great memories of the past few hours. "Yes. Last night was amazing. You're incredible. You look like a Goddess."

"I am a Goddess sweetie. I knew you'd love it. You're coming along just fine Kimmee. You're a perfect slave. I'm so glad you've accepted female supremacy. It excites me so much when you worship and obey me."

Mistress Kareena's words seemed permanent and definite to Kimmee. This was all still a fantasy to him. Hearing her speak about him accepting female supremacy made him a bit nervous. His nervousness was soon lost to pleasure. Mistress Kareena lightly stroked his cock, teasing and tormenting him. She milked out some precum and rubbed the slippery goo up and down his shaft. Soon he was on the edge of orgasm. Soon he was begging for release. Like countless times before, Mistress Kareena manipulated his thoughts through his own pleasure. When she was sure he was lost in ecstasy she began her next phase of dominance. In a sweet yet firm voice she said, "Kimmee, I'd like you to do something special for me to show your commitment to female supremacy."

Kimmee was already lost in pleasure and brain washed by Mistress Kareena's sexuality. "Sure Mistress. Anything you want."

Mistress Kareena held up an oval pink pill. "I'd like you to take this pill."

Kimmee suddenly became alert. "Ah, what is it?"

"Don't you trust me sweetie?" At first her grip tightened around his cock to reinforce her displeasure with his question. Then she eased up and stroked his cock lightly. Mistress Kareena continued to stroke Kimmee's cock, keeping him on the edge of orgasm..

It was hard for him to protest in such a needy state. He did trust her but pills made him nervous. He weakly replied, "Ah yes I do trust you. I just like to know what I'm taking."

"This is a hormone pill. It's what sissy boys take when they want to be girls."

The look in Kimmee's face was priceless. It was a mixture of fear, uncertainty, and curiosity. Mistress Kareena's pussy dampened at his vulnerable state. She could tell he wanted to protest but he was afraid of crossing her. She loved the power she had over him. She edged him on both with gentle stroking of his cock and with devilish words, "Is there something wrong sweetie?"

"Well, ah... I...I do want to obey you Mistress. I just don't know if I'm ready for that yet."

"Oh but you love wearing panties and make-up don't you?"

"Yes, but..."

Mistress Kareena did not let him finish. "..and you just had an incredible orgasm when I fucked your pussy hole. You're starting see how much fun it is being a girl. You even acknowledged that you worship the female and want to strive to be like the superior female. This is only the next natural step."

Mistress Kareena could not believe how aroused she was becoming. Kimmee was squirming and she could tell that he wanted to obey her, yet he did not want to take the pill. She knew he would take it. It excited her to know that she would have her way.

Kimmee was silent, unsure what to say. Finally Mistress Kareena spoke. "Kimmee, I understand your feelings. I just want you to take this one pill as a symbol of your desire to worship the superior female. One pill is not going to change you. You need to take these pills every day for several weeks for them to work. How about it sweetie? Just this one pill?"

Mistress Kareena held the pill up for Kimmee to see. Kimmee thought about it. His cock swelled and twitched the more he thought about it. He was almost brainwashed to obey his Mistress. Her words made more and more sense to him. One pill would not hurt. One pill would show his commitment. Kimmee found himself reaching for the pill.

Mistress Kareena smiled and pulled the pill away. "Very good darling. As a sign of your commitment to female supremacy, you will take the pill in front of Miss Jen, Miss D, and myself. First we need to pretty you up a bit."

Mistress Kareena made Kimmee sit up. Then she helped into an emerald colored bustier. The bustier was cup less and was trimmed in black lace and ruffles. She made Kimmee put on a matching thong and black lace stockings. Mistress Kareena even made him put on a sheer black robe to complete the sexy look. Kimmee's boy pussy was dripping cum by the time he was dressed. His panties were damp from his arousal.

Mistress Kareena made Kimmee get on his knees and follow her into the main room of the basement. Once again the room was lit only by candlelight. Miss Jen and Miss D were standing in the middle of the room dressed in their Goddess outfits. Kimmee was led over to the two Goddesses and then Mistress Kareena took her spot in between Miss Jen and Miss D. Kimmee found himself in the same spot where the fun events started and he was equally excited.

Miss Jen spoke first. "Last night you were Ken, a naked and inferior male. You have served us well and proven your desire to worship the superior female. You are still an inferior male and by the laws of nature you always will be. However, you now kneel before us as Kimmee, a pretty sissy. You have worshiped the female pussy and drank our Goddess nectar. The female nectar is endless. The more you drink the more you become like us. You will strive to be like us. Do you accept this as your fate?"

Kimmee was lost in the moment and happily replied, "I do."

Next Miss D carefully placed a white satin pillow on the floor in front of Kimmee. In the center of the pillow was the pink pill that Mistress Kareena was holding earlier. Miss Jen continued, "As a sign of your acceptance to worship the female, take the hormone pill before you and swallow it."

Kimmee picked up the pill. His hands were shaking, but his whole body was alive with excitement. His panties seemed to get wetter by the second. The Goddesses watched closely as he put it in his mouth and swallowed. It went down hard, without any water and that's the way the girls wanted it. It was painful to be girlish. Mistress Kareena felt a mini orgasm pass through her body when the pill went down Kimmee's throat. She had done it. She had taken her boy slut, turned him into a sissy and made him want to take a pill that would kick of a physical change in his body. Her female power was in full force and it was exhilarating to her. It would not be the last pill that Kimmee would take. It was also a small step in Mistress Kareena's plan. Kimmee was her slave. She was taking over his life. Soon she would be his life.

When the pill went down Kimmee's throat, the girls all started clapping. They each went over to Kimmee and gave him a kiss and told him how proud they were. It made Kimmee feel good about his decision. He was glad that he pleased his Mistresses. Next Mistress Kareena kneeled in front of Kimmee. She had a small round container of cream in her hand. She scooped some up on her finger and applied it to his nipples. She explained as she applied, "The pill was symbolic, but this is not. This cream is designed to make your nipples longer and larger just like a girl. No one will notice but us. It will be our little secret way of transforming you into a true sissy. I want you to apply this to each of your nipples every morning and every night."

Kimmee's nipples were erect and tingling from the attention. He did not have much of a choice but to obey Mistress Kareena. She delivered a command and not a question. He was actually excited about the nipple cream. To have girl like nipples excited him.

Next Mistress Kareena handed him a large brown bag. "Kimmee, this is for when you get home. There are some special girl items for you and some instructions for you to follow. You need to go home now and rest up. Miss Jen made arrangements for your car and personal items to be brought over from the hotel. You may go now."

Kimmee was a little disappointed that the fun ended. He started to stand up but Miss D stopped him. "No..no. Kimmee...on your knees dear. You may crawl to your car."

The girls giggled. Kimmee wanted to ask about getting changed, but he knew better. Slowly he crawled over to the steps in his bustier and stockings. The girls watched in amusement as he crawled up the steps on his hands and knees. It was morning time and the sun was shinning. Embarrassed, Kimmee quickly crawled to his car hoping that no one saw him.

Kimmee's cock remained hard most of the drive home. He was very excited that he went through with the weekend. His life seemed to get weirder each day but he loved it. Mistress Kareena had unlocked a strange and wonderful desire within him. He stroked his shiny cock and was desperate to cum. He thought about the pill and the nipple cream and he felt as if his body was already going through a physical transformation. The weekend was full of so many surprises. Little did he know that there were more surprises waiting for him at his apartment.

DOMINATING KEN PART 10 – A NEW LIFE.

When Kimmee finally arrived at his apartment he plopped down on his couch and stretched out for a nice long nap. Physically and mentally he was exhausted from the weekend events. He was too drained to think about what was in the bag that Mistress Kareena sent home with him and too exhausted to notice that his apartment was not quite the same anymore.

He slept for several hours and awoke at dusk. He was still dressed in the Emerald corset and stockings and his cock swelled at the memory of the weekend events. Still in a sleepy state, Kimmee got up and headed toward the bathroom. He sensed a difference in his apartment but in his sleepy state he did not have the motivation to figure it out. He undressed, not even noticing the new pink towels and wash clothes accenting the bathroom. It was not until he opened the shower curtain, that he realized things were much different. The showerhead was missing and a brass cap sealed the opening of the pipe. A small note dangled from the pipe, which read 'No showers for sissy boys - only bubble baths.'

It took Kimmee's mind a few seconds to register where the note came from and his cock responded even faster. Suddenly new things popped out at him like glowing lights. Feminine items invaded his bathroom. There was berry bubble bath, strawberry shower gel, and Moonlight body wash. His 'Head and Shoulders' shampoo was replaced with "Herbal Essence." Pink and purple scrunchies hung from his washcloth rack. A soft white bath pillow clung to the back of the bathtub. Ken's eyes quickly scanned the bathroom. Scented candles were scattered throughout. Woman's Secret deodorant took the place of his Brut deodorant. He noticed the pink towels and washcloths. Every ounce of manliness was removed from the bathroom. Even his Fortune magazine was tossed and replaced by Cosmopolitan.

Kimmee gasped to himself, "They thought of everything." A feminine world was being forced upon him and his cock responded positively to the dominance. He stroked his boy pussy and pondered the situation. He had never given Mistress Kareena his address or a key to his apartment and so he wondered how it all came about. He was a little nervous about the reality of the situation. The walls to his fantasy were crumbling and exposing him into the real thing. He was nervous but delighted.

Kimmee could not help but stroke his boy pussy as he wandered through his apartment looking for new things. He felt as if he was on a treasure hunt and his bedroom was full of jewels. Red satin sheets covered his bed and pillows. His body shivered just from the sight of the silky and shiny fabric. Kimmee could not resist the temptation. He slid his naked body in between the satin sheets, leaving a trail of precum down the top sheet. Being surrounded by the delicate fabric was almost an orgasmic experience for him. He began to lightly hump the sheets, enjoying the smooth rubbing over his cock. Kimmee wondered how he would ever get to sleep in such soft fabric.

Lying in his satin cocoon, Kimmee glanced around the room. Red floral curtains accented his window and fresh roses overflowed from a crystal vase on top of his bureau. A small vanity table was added to his room. The vanity was covered with various, tubes, jars, and containers. Kimmee felt like a kid on Christmas morning. He hopped out of bed and hurried over to his presents.

The vanity was filled with lipsticks and glosses. There were drawers and compartments filled with eye shadow, eye liner, foundation creams, age defying creams, blushes, lotions, perfumes, and lots of girly things that Kimmee never knew existed. Kimmee's body flushed with excitement as he sorted through the girly things. He was excited to hold them, afraid to open them, and even unsure what to do with them. Things were happening so fast. He was being engulfed into a deeper feminized state. His balls were full and ached for release.

While exploring the vanity, Kimmee remembered the bag he was given at Miss Jen's place. He quickly headed to the living area and inspected the contents of the bag. There was an envelope addressed to Kimmee, a few containers of cream, and several magazines, pamphlets, and books about applying make-up, nail polish, and other feminine subjects. Ken opened the envelope. Inside was a picture of Miss Jen, a picture of Miss D, and a Picture of Mistress Kareena. The girls were each dressed in the Goddess outfit they wore the night before. Also in the envelope was a letter. It read:

"Dear slut Kimmee,

You made us all so proud this weekend. Your training is moving along at a fast pace, but you have much more work to do. You have three assignments to complete:

(1) Get to know your feminine side. We have supplied you with everything you need in your apartment (*smiles and giggles*). You are to read and study the materials in this bag so that you know how to create a feminine appearance. You will learn to create a glamorous and radiant look with make-up and cosmetics. Bring out the woman in you sweetie.

(2) Soften up for us dear. Your skin is much too coarse and dry. In the bag are three types of creams. Apply them once in the morning and once before bed. We've made it easy for you by color-coding the containers. The pink container is for your titties, the red container is for your nipples, and the purple container is for your hips, legs and arms. Gently rub these creams into your skin. They are specially formulated to soften your skin so that you are nice and pretty.

(3) Worship the female daily. Take the enclosed pictures and arrange them onto a poster. Also add pictures of 2 different co-workers to the poster. They should be women that you work closely with each day. Design the poster to symbolize female supremacy. We know you are a Graphic Artist, so we have high expectations for the final product."

Kimmee's cock was twitching and dripping while he read the letter. He was extremely aroused and in need of release. He decided to try and e-mail Mistress Kareena and beg for release. His e-mail read:

"Mistress Kareena. Thank you for an incredible weekend. Thank you for all the wonderful things in my apartment. It's so exciting and arousing. I'm incredibly horny from it all. Can I please cum?"

A few minutes passed and then a reply came back. It read, "Mmmm. Yes. I knew you would love everything. You're such a sweet sissy and horny all the time. You must obey before you can be rewarded. Complete your assignments and I will consider letting you cum. When you are done with the poster let me know."

Kimmee replied, "I don't know if I can make it that long. It will take a few days to do the poster. Please Mistress my balls are aching. Please let me cum!!"

Mistress Kareena's pussy was already dripping from his pleas. She loved the control she had over him. She loved the teasing. "Awww. Poor little girl. Are your ovaries sore? Is your little clittie throbbing? I guess you better get working on that poster. Don't you dare cum without my permission slut! Why don't you take a nice bubble bath and calm yourself down. Night-night baby doll."

Kimmee pleaded more through e-mail, but his e-mails were not returned. Frustrated, he took Mistress Kareena's advice and took a bubble bath and went to bed.

In the morning, Kimmee discovered more surprises. His blue razors were replaced by pink Lady Gilette razors. His underwear drawer overflowed with panties, thongs, and bras. There were no boxer shorts or briefs to be found. Even his socks were replaced with women's socks, trouser socks, stockings, and pantyhose. Kimmee had little choice but to feminize himself. Before putting on his feminine undergarments, he sat on the edge of the bed and applied his creams. Slowly he rubbed the nipple cream over his nipples. He spent more time than needed, rubbing in the cream and pulling his sensitive nipples. He felt like a naughty girl playing with her nipples. He knew this cream would enlarge his nipples and he was aroused by the thought.

Next he picked up the pink container. He wondered what kind of cream it was. There were no markings on the container. He shrugged it off and rubbed the cream over his chest. It was cool and soothing. Again he felt like a naughty girl, playing with her chest. He even pushed his chest together, trying to from a little cleavage. Finally he applied the cream from the purple container to his legs, arms, and hips. When he was done he felt soft, refreshed, and hornier than imaginable.

Kimmee continued his routine each morning and evening. He also worked on his poster throughout the week. There were two female graphic artists that worked with him. Penny was a tall thin brunette. Penny was featured in a company newsletter a few months earlier, so Kimmee was able to pull her picture from the newsletter file. Kathy was more of a challenge. She was blonde and beautiful and Kimmee could not find a picture of her anywhere. She was very bubbly and friendly and so Kimmee knew he could easily talk her into a photo. He pretended that he got a new camera and wanted to test it out. This was not an unusual request since he was a graphic artist. Kathy's fun personality played right into his plan. She playfully posed for Kimmee as if she were a model. Knowing what the photos would be used for made the short photo session arousing for Kimmee. He took the pictures, thankful that his cock was pushed between his legs like a pussy. Otherwise he would not have been able to hide his excitement.

On Friday afternoon Ken made the final touches to his poster. He closed the door to his office for privacy and went to work. In the middle of the poster he put the female symbol - a circle and a cross. Above the symbol were the pictures of Miss Jen, Mistress Kareena, and Miss D. Mistress Kareena's picture was in the middle and slightly higher than the other two girls, which was how he remembered seeing them the first night in the basement of Miss Jen's store. To the left of the female symbol was Penny's picture and to the right was Kathy's picture. Below each picture Kimmee added names. Kimmee took the liberty of adding 'Miss' in front of Penny and Kathy's names. Finally he added the words FEMALE GODESSES in large letters across the bottom of the poster.

He was so excited about completing the poster that he could not wait for home to admire. His cock was pressing hard against his panties and pants. Kimmee unzipped his pants and stroked his cock while admiring the pictures of his Goddesses. Cum began to leak from his painfully aroused cock. The girls were all gorgeous and he imagined kneeling at their feet and worshipping them. Kimmee closed his eyes and massaged the sticky cum all over his boy pussy. Soon his hands and cock were slick with his goo. He clenched his fingers around his cock like a tight pussy and imagined Miss Jen riding him while the other Goddesses watched. He felt an orgasm coming, but he continued to stroke. He stared at his co-workers and imagined being their fuck toy. Kimmee was daring enough to sneak a finger down to his pussy hole. Slowly he pushed it in and his whole body shivered. He imagined Penny fucking him up the ass. It was too much for him to handle. His mind went into overload and he pumped hard into his hands. For the first time he broke down and could not hold back. His cock swelled against his tight hand and an intense orgasm took over. Hot cum spurted out and covered the floor. Kimmee pumped and pumped and drained his cock of all his pent-up cum.

When he was finished he felt guilty and ashamed. He knew Mistress Kareena would be furious if she found out about his accident. Quickly he got down on the floor and licked up the evidence. He was surprised at the amount of cum he had to lick up and he was not thrilled about doing it, but he knew Mistress would want it that way. It seemed dirty and disgusting to him, but he did it anyway. He was a slut and could not control himself.

Just as Kimmee finished cleaning up his mess, his phone rang. He picked up the phone. It was the front desk security in his office building. "Hi Ken. We have a Miss Kareena here to see you."

Kimmee's body tensed at the mention of his Mistress's name. Even though he had just had an orgasm, his cock grew hard instantly. "..ahh..okay. I'll be right down."

Kimmee never dreamed Mistress Kareena would show up at work. He was excited but nervous about what she would do. He prayed she would not expose his secret lifestyle to his co-workers and he prayed she would not discover his accident. Kimmee pulled up his silky panties and buttoned his pants. He wanted to wait for his cock to shrink but he knew Mistress Kareena wouldn't want to be left waiting. He grabbed a paper file and held it in front of his crotch to hide his erection.

Mistress Kareena sat in a guest chair in the lobby. She was stunningly beautiful in a pinstriped suit coat and skirt. Ken knew the security guards were enjoying the sight. Mistress Kareena played the part of a business woman very well when Ken met her. "Hello Ken. It's so nice to see you."

"Hi Miss Kareena. I'm glad you could make it. Shall we go up to my office?"

It was a long and quiet walk back to his office. Once in his office he closed the door. Mistress Kareena instantly took control. "Let's see if you really are a good girl when I'm not around. Strip down to your panties and get on your knees."

Ken was panic stricken at the sudden invasion into his office. Mistress Kareena could see his concern. She locked his office door. "Don't worry sissy. Your secret will be kept inside this office. Now be a good girl and do as I say."

Reluctantly Ken stripped down to his panties and stockings and kneeled before his Mistress. At first she didn't acknowledge him. She scanned his office and found his Goddess poster. "Hmmm. Very nice Kimmee. I'm impressed! I love it! I can see that you really do want to worship us."

As a reward, Mistress Kareena moved her foot over to Kimmee's crotch and massaged his cock with the tip of her shoe. He moaned at the touch of her shiny shoe. Mistress Kareena mocked him. "Mmm. My little sissy slut. You like having your clitty rubbed don't you?"

"Yes."

"Where is your purse dear?"

Kimmee tensed. "Purse? I don't have a purse Mistress?"

Mistress Kareena picked up a ruler and stepped behind Kimmee. She lightly swatted his ass with the ruler. "Shame on you sissy. You should always carry a purse. It should be filled with lipstick, make up and all your special creams."

Mistress Kareena walked around Kimmee and inspected him. "Hmm. Very pretty panties and stockings. Let's see those nails."

Ken held out his nails. They were painted in clear polish. He hadn't done his nails in a few days so the polish was a bit faded and uneven. Mistress Kareena did not allow for this. She swatted his ass again with the ruler. "Your nails need work sissy. They should be pretty and shiny every day!"

Mistress Kareena spent the next few minutes disciplining Kimmee. It was a technique she learned from Miss Jen. Light swats and clear directions. The purpose was to sexually stimulate Kimmee while mentally and physically disciplining him. It was form of training to get Kimmee to act and dress in a manner that was pleasing to Mistress Kareena.

By the end of the discipline session, Kimmee's cock was dripping. Mistress Kareena leaned down and rubbed his balls and cock with her hand. Almost immediately something seemed wrong to Mistress Kareena. His balls didn't seem as tight and swollen as usual. She became very suspicious and she spoke to him like a lecturing mother. Her hand firmly cupped his balls. "Kimmee dear. Something's not right here? Have you been a naughty girl?"

Kimmee's face blushed. He played dumb. "Ah..,no mistress. What do you mean?"

From his body language alone, Mistress knew he was guilty. She cupped his balls even tighter and raised her voice. "Don't lie to me sissy! You've been playing with your clitty haven't you? You let your nasty cum out of your clitty, didn't you?"

Kimmee's eyes instantly darted to the floor. He was embarrassed and ashamed. He could not hide his guilt. "Yes.... I'm...I'm sorry. I couldn't help it."

Mistress Kareena's was proud of herself for uncovering his bad behavior. She was enjoying seeing her slave cower and shake in front of her. She felt very powerful. Mistress Kareena smacked him hard with the ruler. "I can't believe you slut! Can't you control yourself? How could you disobey me like that?" Her voice was getting louder and Kimmee was fearful that people outside his office could hear.

Kimmee pleaded, "I'm sorry Mistress.. please not so loud...please don't yell. I'm sorry I'll do anything. I don't want others to hear."

Her voice lowered slightly. "That's the least of your worries. Damn right you'll do anything for me. I'm beginning to wonder about your commitment to me."

It was the first time Kimmee saw his Mistress get mad. He was fearful of her anger and fearful of losing her. "I'm sorry mistress. I couldn't help it. I..I..I was staring at the poster and I just couldn't control myself."

Mistress Kareena laughed. "You mean you just did it?"

"Yes. Right before you came. I licked up all the cum mistress."

Mistress Kareena looked over at the poster and at the wet spots on the floor. She couldn't believe what she saw. He was telling the truth. She laughed again. "How pathetic. You are such a slut! You will be punished for this. You can start by taking one of these to reconfirm your commitment to worshiping me."

Mistress Kareena held out a pink hormone pill. Kimmee knew he was not in a position to resist. He took the pill and swallowed it without question. Mistress Kareena smiled triumphantly and her pussy quivered at the control she had over Kimmee. Next Kimmee took eye shadow from her purse. "I was going to save this for the car ride, but since you've been a naughty girl I'm going to have you wear it now. It's a subtle color so I'm sure no one will notice."

Mistress Kareena carefully applied a small amount of bronze color above Kimmee's eyes. Kimmee was not happy about wearing the eye shadow in his office, but once again he knew he was not in a position to protest. He wished he could see what it looked like. He wanted to know if anyone would notice it. Mistress Kareena enjoyed the teasing and was not going let him see the result.

Kimmee was ordered to put his clothes back on and get ready to leave. Mistress Kareena took another look at his poster. She glanced at the pictures of hi co-workers. "Mmmm. These ladies look delicious. Are Miss Penny and Miss Kathy working today? You must introduce me to them."

Kimmee was scared about introducing Kimmee to his co-workers. He was afraid of his secret getting out. He didn't know what Mistress Kareena would say to them. On the other hand part of him was excited at the thought of Mistress Kareena, Penny, and Kathy getting to know each other. The possibilities of what could happen were endless. As usual, Kimmee's excitement and arousal squashed out the scared feeling and excitedly he answered, "Yes. They are here. How should I introduce you?"

"Hmmmm. Why, I am your Mistress. What is wrong with that," teased Mistress Kareena. Before Kimmee's heart stopped from fear, Mistress said, "You can introduce me as an out of town friend."

"O.k. Thank you Mistress." Kimmee escorted his Mistress over to the 'creative room' where Penny and Kathy were working. He was extremely paranoid about his eye shadow. The girls didn't seem to notice his make-up or they just acted like nothing was unusual. After a bit of small talk Kimmee and Mistress Kareena left the girls and stopped by Kimmee's office to pick up the poster before leaving.

Mistress Kareena drove Kimmee to her house. It was about an hour drive. On the way she made him strip down to his panties and stroke his clitty. She wanted his balls full of cum when they arrived. She also quizzed him about using and applying makeup, creams, and lotions. Kimmee was clueless and failed the quiz miserably.

Mistress Kareena was disappointed. "Your assignment was to learn how to make yourself beautiful. You obviously did not read any of the materials I gave you. I'm very disappointed Kimmee."

Kimmee could not look at Mistress Kareena. "I'm sorry. I did read a little. There's just so much to read. It's confusing and hard to learn."

Mistress Kareena laughed. "awww poor little girl. I know it's tough learning how to be pretty. You are a princess on the inside but you need to work on the outside. It is work dear. It's not easy being a Goddess. You've got to work at it sissy."

"I will Mistress. I will."

Mistress reached over and stroked his dripping cock. "Don't worry baby doll. We'll get you there."

Finally they arrived at Mistress Kareena's house. Kimmee had to walk from the car to the house in his stocking and panties. It was still light out and so he walked quickly hoping none of the neighbors would notice.

Kimmee was ordered to grill hamburgers for dinner in his feminine attire. While he grilled, Mistress Kareena called Miss Jen and told her about how naughty Kimmee had been. Both girls decided discipline and a big punishment were needed. Miss Jen had the perfect punishments and she filled Mistress Kareena in on the details.

When Mistress Kareena hung up from Miss Jen, her pussy was dripping wet. All the talk about discipline and punishments intensified her erotic desires. While she ate dinner she ordered Kimmee onto the floor. He polished her shoes with his tongue and gave her a foot massage. Next she collared and leashed him and made him walk on all fours to her bedroom. She made him lie on his back on the bed and she tied his arms and wrists tightly to his sides. Then she wrapped rope around his thighs, knees, calves, and ankles so that his legs were tied tightly together. He was completely immobile and at her mercy.

Mistress Kareena stripped all her clothes off. It was a sight that Kimmee would never get tired of seeing. Her nipples were hard and her pussy was clean shaved and swollen. Kimmee knew she was going have her way with him regardless of what he wanted. He was helpless and could do nothing but try to please her. In his helpless state his senses seemed to come alive. His cock twitched for attention and his entire body tingled in anticipation.

Mistress Kareena wasted no time in getting what she wanted. She straddled his face and positioned her pussy above his mouth. "Open," she commanded.

Kimmee opened his mouth eager for a taste of her hot juices. Mistress Kareena played with her swollen lips and teased her clitty with her fingers. She allowed a few drops of her juice to drip into his mouth. He was hungry for her and she was hungry for control. Slowly she eased her dripping pussy onto his mouth and ordered him to lick. His tongue flicked across her sex igniting bursts of fire within her. She pressed down and smothered him. He was eager to please and eager to keep up with her face humping. Mistress Kareena was delighted in his need to please. His tongue pressed deeper into her hole and teased her clitty. Orgasmic moans escaped her mouth and she humped him harder and faster and harder and faster. Her juices flowed into his mouth and over his face. Both Kimmee and Mistress Kareena were thrilled to be back to together again.

While Kimmee still lay helpless on her bed, Mistress Kareena decided to explain the next part of his punishment. She stroked his boy pussy as she talked.

"Princess, since you're having a tough time with the make-up I've arranged for you to have a beauty consultation and makeover." Mistress Kareena's pussy quivered from the Kimmee's worried look. She could see he was about to speak. She held a finger to his mouth. "Shhhh darling. No talking or I'll have to spank you for being naughty."

She began to stroke Kimmee's boy pussy gently. I know you are nervous and scared, but it will be o.k. You need some guidance and help to bring out the girl in you. You're my little girl and I want you to be pretty and sweet darling. The appointment is first thing tomorrow so you need to rest up."

Mistress Kareena untied Kimmee and crawled into bed with him. He was glad the she allowed him to sleep next to her. He cuddled with her the whole night.

In the morning Mistress Kareena provided Kimmee with red thong panties, a black garter belt and black stocking to wear. He had no clothes with him so had to wear his work slacks and shirt. Kimmee was extremely nervous on the drive to the store. He was fearful of receiving a beauty makeover in a public setting. This was one moment where he wished he was wearing a dress because it would be less obvious that he was a man.

They arrived at a local mall a few minutes before 9:00 am. Kimmee's heart pounded uncontrollably as they walked through the mall. Just before the entrance of the department store, Mistress Kareena stopped. "O.k. slut. You're on your own. Go to the cosmetics counter and ask for Miss Sheryl. I'll be waiting here."

Kimmee froze in panic. He had thought Mistress Kareena would be there with him the whole time. Doing it alone was more humiliating and embarrassing. "You're not coming with me," he asked in a panic.

"You're a big girl Kimmee. Run along now Kimmee. Don't be late for your appointment."

It took all his strength and courage to step into the store. His legs were weak as he approached the cosmetics counter. A beautiful red head was getting things ready for the day. Kimmee knew it was Sheryl from the nametag she wore. She made eye contact with him and smiled. "Hi there. Can I help you?"

Kimmee wondered what her reaction was going to be. He imagined she would laugh at him or tell him to get lost. It was too late to back out now. Kimmee's face flushed a deep red and he stammered and stuttered. "Ahh...er...yes...Miss Sheryl, I'm here for an appointment...a..ahh.. makeover appointment....I'm...ahh...Kimmee."

Sheryl's reaction took Kimmee by surprise. She was calm and business as usual. "Yes. I've been expecting you Kimmee. Please have a seat and I'll be with you in a moment."

Kathy gestured towards a tall chair that sat in front of the glass counter. Kimmee took his spot and could see the reflection of his embarrassed face in large oval mirror sitting on the counter. Next to the mirror were various cosmetics and polishes, ready to be applied. Unexpectedly his cock began to swell. The realization that he was really going through with a makeover was having a strange effect on him. He shifted in his seat to get more comfortable.

Miss Sheryl approached Kimmee. Her voice was soft and comforting. "Kimmee, are you ready to be beautiful?"

"Ahh...yes," replied Kimmee meekly.

"Come on now sweetie. Beauty starts from the inside. You need to be positive. Let me hear you say I'm ready to be pretty"

Kimmee certainly did not expect his makeover to start off this way. It added to his humiliation. "I want to be pretty," he responded with his eyes downward.

Sheryl's soft fingers slipped under Kimmee's chin and gently guided his gaze toward her eyes. "I can see this is your first makeover. Don't be nervous sweetie. I do boys all the time. I'm going to bring out that princess in you and you're going to love it. I want you to enjoy this, ok?"

Sheryl's eyes and words were mesmerizing to Kimmee. His nerves relaxed a bit but his cock swelled and begged for release. "Yes. Thank you Miss Sheryl," he mumbled.

Kimmee did not know it, but Sheryl was a close friend of Miss Jen's. She was one of many contacts in Miss Jen's network of dominatrix and female supremacist. Miss Kathy was thrilled when Miss Jen called her to set up the appointment. It was always a pleasure for her to do 'virgin' makeovers. She loved to tease and toy with her subjects during the makeover. She discovered a wonderful power that she had over men when they were sitting in her makeover chair. They were her subjects and she was an authorative figure to them. In her chair, they become submissive, obedient, and attentive to her. It's a power that takes her into an erotic high. Usually by the time she is finished with the makeover her panties are soaked and her pussy is throbbing for attention. It's a great way to start the day.

Miss Sheryl started with a cleanser. She dabbed some onto a cotton ball and began to wipe Kimmee's face. "First we've got clean all the dirt from your pores." As she worked his face she commented on his stocking. "I see you are wearing stockings. Very sexy. You are a sissy aren't you dear?"

Despite everything Kimmee had gone through, it still seemed hard to admit out loud that he was a sissy. He even blushed at the question. Part of him wanted to hang onto the male ego. However, Miss Sheryl had a magical and mesmerizing aura. Kimmee felt the need to answer her appropriately. "Yes. I am a sissy."

"That is so nice darling. It's absolutely wonderful that you have discovered your rightful place in society."

Miss Sheryl finished cleansing and then started to apply foundation. "A good foundation is the key to a pretty face," explained Sheryl. Kimmee's attention drifted past Sheryl. He was attracting strange looks from people passing by. He noticed other sales girls at the nearby perfume counters and he wondered what they were thinking. He started to feel self-conscious and embarrassed. Sheryl sensed this and she reeled him back in by directing her conversation at him.

"Kimmee, you are doing wonderful. You must be such a good sissy. I just love to know what sissy's are wearing. Tell me, are you wearing panties?"

"Yes. I am."

"Tell me about them precious. Are they thongs? What color are they?"

As Kimmee described his red thongs to Sheryl she noticed the bulge in his pants rising. She smiled knowing she had refocused his attention. Sheryl kept his attention throughout the rest of the consultation. She continued to apply make-up to Kimmee. She talked to Kimmee as if he was a little girl, explaining everything that she was doing and why she chose certain colors or products. She even made Kimmee look into the mirror frequently so that he could see the transformation and how the makeup enhanced and brought out his pretty girl features.

The public makeover was a punishment for him but it was also supposed to be a learning experience. Kimmee tried to pay attention to what Miss Sheryl was explaining but it was hard to focus. Her perfume was strong and sweet and intoxicating. She wore a low cut top and through most of the makeover her cleavage was purposely displayed right in front of his eye. Several times she rested a hand on his inner thigh or her knee would rub against his crotch as she leaned in to apply makeup to his face. Miss Sheryl seemed to be doing her best to make the makeover a pleasurable experience.

Just as Sheryl was making the final touches on Kimmee, Mistress Kareena came over. Mistress Kareena introduced herself to Sheryl and then commented on her work. "Wow! Kimmee looks beautiful. You did a fantastic job!"

"Thank you. She was such a good girl. It was a pleasure doing the consultation."

Kimmee blushed from the attention. Ms Sheryl & Mistress Kareena discussed the various products and they selected several items for Kimmee to purchase. Mistress Kareena also picked also picked out a few items for herself, Miss Jen, and Miss D. The total order came to $200, which of course Kimmee had to pay.

Mistress Kareena could not wait to show off Kimmee's pretty face to Miss Jen & Miss D. That night she made Kimmee dress in a burgundy corset and thong, and black stockings. His clittie was pushed between his legs and a thick plug filled his ass. She even had Kimmee wear a pair of black heels.

Kimmee was just as excited to see Miss Jen and Miss D. When the doorbell rang Mistress Kareena made him answer the door. Both girls were impressed with Kimmee's look. Miss Jen kissed him on the cheek, patted his crotch, and commented, "Kimmee, you look so pretty and sensual."

Miss D gave him an extra long hug and whispered into his ear, "looking hot darling. I just want to eat you up."

Kimmee's boy clitty twitched and swelled against the thong. The thin string was not enough to contain his erection. His cock popped out and grew to its full length. The freedom felt incredible. The girls just laughed. Miss Jen firmly grabbed his swollen clittie and used it as a leash to pull him into the living room.

Kimmee spent the next hour serving Mistress Kareena, Miss Jen, and Miss D. He served them drinks and brought them snacks. He also served them sexually. One by one he licked and sucked their pussies, bringing them to multiple orgasms.

When the girls were satisfied and ready for a break, Mistress Kareena brought out Kimmee's poster. Everyone was impressed with his work. Mistress Kareena hung the poster on the wall and had Kimmee kneel in front of it naked. She also placed the nipple cream, chest cream, and body cream on the floor by Kimmee.

Mistress Kareena instructed Kimmee. "Kiss my picture."

Kimmee stood up, kissed her picture and kneeled back down again. Mistress Kareena smiled. "Good girl. Now apply the nipple cream slowly while you stare at my picture on the poster."

Kimmee dabbed his fingers into the cream and slowly rubbed each of his nipples. He stared at his Mistress Kareena's picture and awaited her next instruction.

"Repeat after me Kimmee. 'Mistress Kareena I am inferior and submissive. You are supreme and I worship you and want to be like you'..." Kimmee repeated the words while rubbing his nipples. She continued. ".... Mistress Kareena you are a Goddess, and I will serve you and worship you every minute of every day...." Once again Kimmee repeated the words while staring at her picture and rubbing his nipples.

Mistress Kareena then ordered Kimmee to kiss Miss Jen's picture. Next she ordered him to apply the chest cream and stare at Miss Jen's picture. Kimmee did as instructed and repeated the same word, "Miss Jen I am inferior and submissive. You are supreme and I worship you and want to be like you. Miss Jen you are Goddess and I will serve you and worship you every minute of every day."

Kimmee was then ordered to repeat the same ritual with Miss D's picture while applying the body cream to his feet and legs. Finally he applied the cream to his hips, and arms and repeated the worship while staring at his co-workers pictures.

Mistress Kareena's pussy was dripping by the time the worship ritual was over. She felt powerful having her sissy kneel and worship her picture. She was excited to know that Kimmee was rubbing cream over his body that was designed to feminize him. Kimmee knew the nipple cream would make his nipples larger. What he did not know was that the chest cream contained hormones, which would turn his chest into soft round titties. Additionally the body cream was designed to sculpt the body, narrowing his hips and legs, creating a feminine physique. Mistress Kareena's pussy quivered knowing that each time he applied the creams he was becoming softer and more feminine. Each time he repeated this ritual, emotionally he would fall deeper under her control.

"Kimmee. This will be your worshipping ritual every morning and every night. Apply the creams, stare at our pictures, and repeat the words just like you did tonight. Got it?"

"Yes Mistress."

Just then there was a knock at the door. No one seemed surprised. Miss Jen looked over a Miss D and Miss D nodded her head and got up. Miss D wrapped a blanket around her and headed toward the door. She returned with a girl following her. Kimmee guessed she was a planned visitor since she was not shocked at walking into a room full of naked people.

Kimmee's already hard and dripping cock seemed to grow harder and drip even more when he realized someone else was joining in. The thought of seeing and tasting a new pussy thrilled him. This was the great reward for all his humiliation and submissiveness.

Kimmee managed to give the girl a quick look over. She seemed cute. Not as pretty as his other Mistresses, but she had attractive qualities. Something seemed a bit strange about her, but Kimmee could not figure it out.

Miss D introduced her. "Mistress Kareena and Kimmee, this is Candy."

Mistress Kareena took Candy's hand. "I've heard so much about you dear. Please come over and meet my sissy slave. He's going to love pleasuring you tonight."

Candy was quiet and she followed Mistress Kareena over to Kimmee, who was still kneeling. She stood directly in front of Kimmee. Kimmee stared at her skirt, excited to see the surprise underneath. Miss Jen and Miss D gathered around to watch the event unfold. Miss D was even capturing the activities on film with her camcorder. 

Mistress Kareena, spoke to Candy. "Please dear, unbutton your blouse so Kimmee can see your titties."

Candy quietly and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. She had no bra on so when she removed the blouse her titties hung freely. They were small and firm. Her nipples seemed extra long. Mistress Kareena looked at Kimmee. "Don't those nipples look delicious Kimmee? Wouldn't you like to suck on them?"

"Yes Mistress. They look great."

"Well princess if you beg for me, I might let you suck on them. Beg for me sissy."

Kimmee could not believe his fortune. His mistress was going to allow him to suck on another girl's nipples. He did not want to lose this opportunity. "Please mistress. Let me suck in Candy's nipples. I really want to suck them and I want to please Candy."

Mistress Kareena giggled. "You are such a slut. Go ahead slut and suck those nipples."

Kimmee stood up just enough to reach Candy's nipples. Slowly he licked and sucked them, eliciting deep moans from Candy. Her excitement fueled his desire to suck more. Candy spoke in a whisper. "Harder. Suck harder."

Kimmee could not suck hard enough. Finally Mistress Kareena ordered him to stop. Next Candy removed her skirt. She was wearing black panties and stockings. Kimmee stared at her panties excited at what was beneath.

Mistress Kareena asked, "Are you ready to suck Candy's clittie. Do you want to make her cum?"

"Yes. I am ready. Please make I suck her clittie! I want to make her cum!!"

Mistress Kareena replied, "sooo slutty Kimmee. You are a sissy slut aren't you? You want to eat up all the cum don't you."

"Yes I am slut. Yes I want to eat all that cum. Pleas let me suck Candy's clitty."

Mistress Kareena looked at Candy. "Very well then. Candy please remove your panties."

The room seemed to fall silent as Candy slowly slid down her panties. Miss D zoomed in on Ken's face and Candy's crotch. She caught the picture perfect. The look on Kimmee's face was priceless when a cock popped out from the panties and instantly grew hard. Kimmee jumped back and the girls burst out laughing. It took Kimmee a moment to realize Candy was not quite the girl he thought she was. Candy was actually a man.

Kimmee face turned bright red. He wanted to leave but he knew he couldn't. Miss Jen was the first to speak. "Kimmee, this is your future dear. Candy was once a man just like you were once a man. Now look at her." Miss Jen slid her hand over Candy's tits. "She's got pretty breasts...." her hand slid down to Candy's ass and smacked it, "...and a nice girls butt. The truth is Candy and you were never real men. The sissy has always been in you. Lucky for you, Mistress Kareena brought it out. We know it's pure bliss for you to wear pretty panties and cute nighties. You are a princess and you were meant to serve women."

Kimmee was still shocked at the cock bobbing in front of him. He could see Mistress Kareena staring at him with an erotic glare in her eyes. Her breasts were swollen and her pussy was puffy and wet. There was no doubt that she was aroused by his predicament. He was humiliated, but at the same time excited to know that his Mistress was aroused. He could not help but stare at Candy and wonder if that really was his future. Miss Jen's words seemed so true. Kimmee was in a daze as he continued to listen to Miss Jen.

Miss Jen caressed Candy's cock and balls. "Kimmee, look at how thick and full Candy's clittie and ovaries are. You know the feeling don't you sweetie. It's a wonderful feeling for you sissies. You want release so bad...but you must be good girls to cum. Candy has not cum in 6 weeks Kimmee."

Kimmee watched Miss Jen's hand as it slowly caressed and teased Candy's clittie. He had never stared at a cock so closely before. Cum oozed out the tip and Miss Jen rubbed it all over the shaft. Kimmee could not imagine going six weeks without cumming.

Miss Jen continued, "Candy has learned to cum anyway that I want her to. If she hesitates she loses the opportunity. She is desperate Kimmee. Just like you. She has come to accept that she will never cum inside my pussy. She is not good enough for that. Her tongue is her sex organ. Candy has been a good girl Kimmee, and tonight she will be rewarded. Tonight she will get to cum and you are going to make it happen."

Kimmee looked over at Mistress Kareena in fear. Miss Jen brought his attention back. "Don't be afraid dear. It's just a clitty. You have one also. Candy was reluctant at first also but she's come around. You will to dear. You will soon learn Kimmee, that receiving oral from another sissy is one of the best forms of pleasure your clitty will receive. Sometimes as a special treat I even let Candy fuck another sissy."

Miss Jen's words slowly sunk into Kimmee. He didn't want to believe it but deep down he knew there was truth in Miss Jen's words. What was even scarier was that Kimmee's cock was hard and throbbing as he thought about it. The thought of sucking a guy's cock three months ago would have never entered Kimmee's mind. Now he was staring at one knowing it was going to happen whether it wanted it to happen or not.

Mistress Kareena stood behind Kimmee. "Okay Kimmee. You heard Miss Jen. It's time to give Candy her reward."

Kimmee stared at the cock, afraid to do what he knew was expected. Mistress Kareena coached him on.

"Come on princess make me proud. It's just a clittie. You've had girls suck yours before. We wouldn't ask you to do anything that we wouldn't do. Start with a little kiss on the tip."

Mistress Kareena made it seem so simple and normal. Kimmee was hesitant but he knew his Mistress was excited for him to do it. He leaned forward and kissed the tip with closed lips. Mistress Kareena coached him more.

"Very good dear. That wasn't so bad. Now do it again with you lips open. Just a kiss on the tip."

Kimmee leaned forward with his lips open and kissed the tip. A small amount of cum clung to his mouth. The taste was similar to his own cum. He could not believe he had just tasted another man's cum. He could not believe how excited he was at being forced to do something so perverse and unnatural to him.

"That's it sweetie. Now just like you do with your dildo. Little butterfly kiss all over. Kiss and lick...kiss and lick."

Kimmee placed small kisses all over Candy's clittie. The more he did it the more his defenses dropped. Soon he was sucking Candy's cock deep in his mouth. Candy moaned in pleasure and all the girls teased and edged Kimmee on.

"Suck that cock Kimmee.....Such a slut.....deep throat it sissy......pathetic slut....."

Mistress Kareena was quickly on the verge of orgasm. She felt powerful and liberated. The power she had over Kimmee enraptured her. She knew he did not want to suck Candy's cock but he did it to please her. She loved that control that she had and she erupted into an orgasm basking in her control.

As Mistress Kareena orgasmed, Miss Jen gave the command to Candy. "Cum now slut!"

Instantly hot cum spewed into Kimmee's mouth. After the first two blast of creamy cum, Candy pulled out of Kimmee's mouth and sprayed directly into his face. 6 weeks of built of cum spewed all over Kimmee's face and mouth.

Mistress Kareena scooped some of the cum off Kimmee's face and began to rub it into his cock. "Mmmm, such a cum slut. You did good Kimmee. "

Kimmee could not believe what he had done. At first he didn't want to go through with it but he was glad he did it. Mistress Kareena was very pleased and that excited him. He only wished he could cum. "Mistress, please may I cum also?"

Mistress just laughed. "You just had an orgasm the other day, and that was without my permission. I don't think so dear. It's time for bed slut." Kimmee knew he was still in the dog house so he did not argue.

Over the next few weeks Kimmee's life changed at a fast pace. He spent most nights and every weekend with Mistress Kareena. He cooked her breakfast and dinner, he did her laundry, and chores. She made sure he repeated his worship routine every morning and every night. Emotionally, the ritual kept him in a submissive frame of mind. He even began acting submissive to Penny and Kathy at work. He was always kind and helpful to them throughout the day. Anytime a female walked by him he imagined worshipping them. Physically the ritual was affecting him also. He was experiencing hot flashes, small breasts were forming and his nipples had grown to be an inch long. His hips and legs became shapely and he even lost weight.

All the changes were taking a toll on him. Then his credit card bill came in the mail and he nearly had a heart attack. When he first looked at it he though it was a case of identity theft. It was over $8,000. Then when he scanned through the bill he realized it was all from Miss Jen, Miss D, and Mistress Kareena. There were charges from the hotel room, Miss Jen's store, and the beauty consultation. Kimmee didn't realize it but they had charged his entire apartment makeover onto his credit card. Kimmee was unsure what to do. He couldn't afford to keep spending at this pace. He decided to talk to Mistress Kareena about it.

Mistress Kareena was expecting the money conversation to come up. Miss Jen had warned her about it. In fact it was all part of the strategy to take complete control of Kimmee. Mistress Kareena was amazed at how well Miss Jen knew men. Kimmee was following the Miss Jen's plan like clock work and he didn't even know it...

When Kimmee expressed concern about money, Mistress Kareena was prepared. Before he could explain too much, she began to stroke his boy clitty. In a matter of minutes his mind was off the topic and he was on the verge of orgasm. He was lying on her bed naked as she teased his cock. When she was certain he was fully aroused, she asked him about the money. "So what were you saying about your credit card bill?"

Kimmee was in no mood to talk about problems now. He was more interested in cumming. It had been two weeks since he had cum and so he was desperate for release. However, he knew that when Mistress Kareena wanted to talk about something, he had to give her full attention and so he explained. "The bill was $8,000. Most of it is from all the lingerie and girl stuff from my apartment."

Mistress Kareena stroked his cock lightly. "What's the problem? You like it all don't you? You've been having the time of your life haven't you?"

"Yes, but I can't pay it off and I can't keep spending like that."

Mistress Kareena held his cock and balls firmly in her hands. "Are you saying you want all this to end? Do you want to me walk away?"

"No.no..no..." Mistress Kareena's grip loosened and she lightly stroked his cock again. Kimmee was having a hard time focusing on his thoughts with her continued teasing. "I don't know what to do. I love all this. I love submitting to you. I don't even like going to work anymore because I have so much fun with you."

Mistress Kareena began to get aroused from Kimmee's statements. It was proof that he idolized her and always thought about her. "Mmm. I just love to hear that you are so dedicated to me. Is my little sissy having a hard time concentrating at work?"

"Yes. It's so hard to concentrate. I'm horny all the time."

Mistress Kareena fondled his balls and stroked his cock. She purposely brought him to the brink of orgasm. She milked small amounts of creamy cum from is super sensitive cock and rubbed up and down his shaft. "You would like to serve me all day wouldn't you princess? I know you'd be a good little slave and do everything I said, wouldn't you precious?"

Kimmee's mind was mush from all the teasing. All he could think about was how great it was being with Mistress Kareena. He wanted to cum so bad. Being a slave to such a beautiful Mistress all day sounded so exciting to him. "Oh yes...I would love it Mistress. I would do whatever you said..." Kimmee lost his thought in mid sentence. Mistress Kareena's teasing was driving him wild. He had to cum. "Mistress, your making me feel so good. I need to cum. Please let me cum!"

Mistress Kareena released his cock. A small stream of cum oozed out the tip. She firmly ordered, "Do not cum! Concentrate Kimmee, control yourself!"

Kimmee focused hard and held back the strong urge. His entire body was alive with erotic lust. His mind went into subspace. Mentally he was drained and at Mistress Kareena's mercy. After a few minutes Mistress Kareena started stroking his clitty again and she returned to the money conversation.

"I'm happy that you've come to accept that serving me is what's best for you. It's not easy Kimmee and it is going to be expensive. It's takes a lot to keep you pretty and I will expect a lot from you, but it's what is best for you. I don't want you to be stressed over the money so let's see if I can help. Tell me dear, how much does your job pay?"

Kimmee's mind was in a subspace. He did want to make it work and so he did not hesitate to answer such a personal question. "I make $70,000 a year."

On the inside Mistress Kareena was celebrating. Her sissy slave was doing pretty good for himself which meant great things for her. On the outside she maintained a calm tone. "Okay. Now tell me about your expenses. How much is your monthly rent?"

Kimmee answered the question and Mistress Kareena wrote it down on a notepad. Together they went through all his expenses. Mistress Kareena alternated between stroking his cock and writing down the dollar amounts. When she was done, her pencil was coated in Kimmee's cum. She handed the pencil to Kimmee. "Silly me. I got the pencil all messy with your sticky goo. Be a good cum slut and clean it off for me while I add up your expenses. Suck it like a good slut"

Kimmee took the pencil and sucked on it like a cock, cleaning off his own cum. He continued to suck until Mistress Kareena finished her calculations and asked for it back. She wrote down a few more numbers and then said, "Kimmee, we can make this work but you have to do everything I say, understood."

Kimmee knew he did not have much of a choice. "Yes ma'am. Whatever you say."

"First, I don't want you worrying about that credit card bill. I will handle the payments. You will work off some of the debt by being my full time slave. As of now your home is here. You will come here directly after work and you will live here on the weekends. I already own you dear, so I know this is not a problem, right?"

Everything was happening so fast. Kimmee was excited at the thought. "No ma'am. You own me and I will be your slave."

Great. In addition to your service to me, you will deposit $500 out of each paycheck into my account. That's about $1,000 per month since you get paid every other week. That should leave enough left to pay your monthly bills and give you a $50 a week allowance."

Kimmee's mind was too fried to do the calculations, but $50 was not a lot for his own spending. "Mistress, I don't know if I can live on $50 a week."

"Sweetie, I own you and you are my slave. You really don't need money for yourself. You can plead your case to me on an as needed basis if you do need more money. You will be allowed to use your credit card for gift purchases for me and to buy feminine clothes and items for yourself. $50 is actually pretty generous if you ask me." Mistress did not wait for another response from Kimmee. She moved onto the next topic on her agenda. "When is your lease up on your apartment?"

"Two months from now."

"Fantastic. The timing is good. Since you'll be living here you won't need to renew your lease. I can use the rent money to pay some bills here. If things go well Kimmee and you are a good slave, maybe...just maybe you can quit your job and be my 24/7 sissy maid. Wouldn't that be fantastic?"

Under Kimmee's erotic state of mind, being a 24/7 sissy maid seemed like a fantasy come true. "Yes that would be great Mistress. I would love it!"

"I'm glad you think so Kimmee. Since we are in agreement, I will have a contract drawn up for you to sign."

Sure enough the next day when Kimmee came home from work, Mistress Kareena was waiting with a contract. It was 10 pages long in fine print. Kimmee signed it and became Mistress Kareena's official slave. Buried in the pages of fine print, which Kimmee did not read, were terms that allowed Mistress Kareena & Miss Jen to sell sexual pictures and videos of him. Even if he read the fine print, it would not have mattered. Miss Jen was already profiting from the many videos that were taken of Kimmee during his early stages of feminine transformation. In fact, Kimmee was a hit on Miss Jen's website. He had a huge following and he didn't even know it. Thousands of Miss Jen's subscribers paid a premium to see Kimmee's first cock sucking experience with Candy. Kimmee never even knew the whole experience was broadcasted live on Miss Jen's website.

Mistress Kareena was excited about the signed contract because Miss Jen promised her 25% of the fees received from the broadcast of Kimmee's cock sucking experience. By her calculations, she would get at least $5,000. Going forward Mistress Kareena would receive 10% - 20% of all money made from the videos and pictures of Kimmee. Kimmee was turning into a money maker for her.

Eventually Kimmee's entire check was deposited into Mistress Kareena's account and she controlled all his money. Kimmee soon learned about the videos and pictures of himself that were being sold. Surprisingly he was not upset. He was actually excited to know that other women were watching him and pleasuring themselves at his expense. It was also his opportunity to quit his job. The sales of his videos had brought a good fortune to Mistress Kareena and so she allowed Kimmee to quit his job and focus on being her full time slave.

Kimmee became fully dependent on mistress Kareena and his life changed forever. He served Mistress Kareena every day. While doing chores, he always wore a sexy maid's outfit or some type of sexy lingerie. Little by little his breast grew and filled the lingerie more and more. He pleasured Mistress Kareena, Miss Jen, and Miss D on a regular basis. Like or not he had been feminized, dominated, and controlled mentally and physically.

The truth was that Kimmee loved it. Serving Mistress Kareena was fulfilling. There was no stress in his life as she made all the decisions and controlled the money. She was demanding but loving towards him. Sexually she pushed him and tested his limits. He limits faded away day-by-day until there were no limits. He existed as her servant, willing to do anything for her pleasure and amusement. It was a life he would have never imagined before he met his Mistress. It was a life that he was thrilled to discover.

THE END