Eye Contact
byoneguy4fun©

Dr. Mason glanced over at his waiting room and smiled at the wonderful sight. It was filled with attractive and horny women waiting to see him. His customers were all females and possessed attractive qualities. There was a reason for his fortune of beautiful women. Dr. Mason was an Optometrist with a passion for mind control and hypnosis. His life work was one big game to him and his customers were the playing pieces. The game starts the moment his customers walk in the door. His office is strategically set-up to arouse his customers. Subliminal messages are intertwined in the soft background music and in the paintings and pictures that hang on the walls. A subtle aroma fills the office, coaxing his waiting customers into relaxation. On this day, one customer caught his attention. Her name was Kerri and she was a new customer.

Kerri was new to the area and had made the appointment because her contacts had been bothering her. She chose Dr. Mason's office because his add in the yellow pages seemed to jump out at her. Not to mention his picture on the advertisement showed a young and handsome doctor. When she first walked into the office and glanced into the waiting room she thought she stumbled into a model agency. Dr. Mason really knew how to attract the women, she thought. She had settled comfortably into a seat and was waiting for her name to be called for her appointment. Sitting in the room she felt calm and relaxed. Her eyes wandered to a strange painting on the wall infront of her. It was a whirl of red, blue, and green colors. It was a strange picture but very intriguing to Kerri. After starring out it for a moment, she could swear that among the blur of colors was the shape of a long hard penis. She shook her head and laughed to herself, thinking my mind is in the gutter today. After that thought she began to feel horny. Quickly her eyes moved to another painting hoping she could get her mind out of the gutter and calm her horniness.

The next painting was an abstract painting similar to the first one. As her eyes settled on the curving and flowing shapes her mind began to drift off. Images of her boyfriend Dan popped into her head. The night before he had come over to her house after work. He had a big presentation at work so he was dressed like a stud. He looked extremely hot in his dark, custom fitted suit and crisp white shirt. Suspenders and gold cuff links completed his stylish look. Kerri remembered her heart racing at the sight. It wasn't that often he dressed up. Daydreaming about him she could almost smell the musky aroma of his cologne that caused her to loose her inhibitions and attack him. She played out the erotic moment in her mind.

She recalled that it only took a few minutes before they were both naked and kissing. Kerri's hand reached down and grabbed his soft cock. She loved the feeling of his cock growing hard in her hands. A few gentle pulls and tugs started the process. His cock quickly stiffened and filled her hands while her tongue probed his mouth. She ran her fingers down his hard shaft and over his balls. She loved running her fingers through his soft, thick pubic hair. Dan's hand quickly found its way to her pussy which was already wet with excitement. His fingers massaged her clit and probed at her wet hole. Kerri's body shuddered at his touch. Soon he was fingering her hot pussy in rhythm with the hand job she was giving him. They were fucking each other through their hands. Kerri pushed Dan backwards onto the couch. He had fucked her so many times. Now it was her turn to fuck him.

Dan was sitting up on the couch and Kerri straddled him. She got up on her knees and positioned her pussy over his pulsing cock. Slowly she eased down on him, allowing his hard cock to fill and stretch her pussy. Dan arched his back and groaned at the pleasure. The warm full feeling inside Kerri was electric. She put her hand on his broad shoulders for support and began to bounce up and down on his cock, controlling the rhythm to her benefit. His cock was hers now, to use for her selfish pleasure. Her pussy muscles flexed and squeezed his throbbing cock causing a duet of deep inhibited moans. Kerri's orgasm was approaching fast....

A gentle tap on her shoulder caused Kerri to jump out of her erotic dream. The lady sitting next to her asked "Are you Kerri?"

Kerri was a little startled. "Uhh yeah, that's me."

"You're next. The receptionist has been calling your name."

"Oh. Yes. Thank you. Sorry. I guess I was lost in deep thought," Kerri said with embarrassment.

The woman knowingly replied, "Don't worry about it. I know what you mean. It happens to me all of the time."

Kerri was a little flustered as she stood up and made her way over to the receptionist. Her body was tingling with excitement and she could feel wetness in her crotch. Although no-one could see her arousal, she felt as though her body was glowing sex, and she became embarrassed at her arousal. Thankfully the receptionist just greeted her with a friendly smile and led her to a counter to wait for Dr. Mason.

When Dr Mason greeted her, she was surprised and delighted at how young and handsome he was. She had wondered why the waiting room was filled with gorgeous women and now she knew. Kerri was only 21 herself, and she figured Dr Mason was in his mid 20's, which to her seemed a little young for an Optometrist. However, one look into his deep blue eyes erased all thoughts about his qualifications. Dr. Mason was kind and easy to talk to. Kerri found herself flirting and laughing at his silly jokes during her eye exam.

Dr. Mason seemed to flirt right back. The way he looked into her eyes was different then what other doctors would do. There was a special warmth and openness in his look that made Kerri's stomach float with butterflies. When he wanted Kerri to tilt her head, his strong hands seemed to gently caress her face. Kerri was enjoying the doctor's visit and was feeling good about herself. Finally after a few tests, Dr. Mason indicated that Kerri was having a reaction to her contacts and that he had a special treatment that might solve the problem. Dr Mason explained that it would take about an hour for her vision to clear after the treatment. He had a room in the back of the office where she could relax during the treatment. The thought of spending another hour with the handsome doctor was appealing to Kerri. However, she had planned on heading to the gym for an early workout so she decided to reschedule.

Kerri innocently flashed her eyes at Dr. Mason. "I'm pressed for time, so I'll have to schedule a follow-up appointment for the treatment."

Dr. Mason was disappointed in her response. Usually his charm and wit along with the hypnotic atmosphere of his office, kept the girls on edge and wanting more. He was attracted to Kerri and could tell that she was attracted to him. Like so many of his other customers, her warm smile and flirting eyes were enough to cause a slight stir in his pants. He was hoping to get a glimpse up her short skirt while administering her treatment. He had plans for her but they would have to wait. She's a strong willed woman he thought to himself. Kerri's response was disappointing but the devious Dr. Mason had a back-up plan. He was not going to let his new subject get away. She had too much potential for fun with Dr. Mason.

"That's fine Kerri," Dr. Mason said in a professional tone. "Just give me a minute and I'll get you a pair of temporary contacts that may be less irritable for you." Dr. Mason disappeared into a small storage room for a brief moment. High on a shelf in the back of the room he located a small black box. He pulled a key from his pocket and opened the box. Inside were two different types of contacts; one marked D120 and one marked S120. These were special contacts that Dr. Mason had created himself. These were the secrets to his successful practice and the secret to his private sexual escapades. The D120's had the power of dominance. When inserted into the eye, the person becomes overcome with the desire to dominate other people. The true magic occurs when eye contact is made. Not only does the person wearing the contacts become aggressive and dominant, but the person who makes eye contact is immediately overcome with the desire to obey and please the person wearing the contacts. It's like an instantaneous hypnosis. The S120's have the opposite effect. The person wearing the S120's becomes submissive while the person who makes eye contact is overcome with the need to dominate that person.

Dr Mason had used these contacts to hypnotize his patients in various ways. Many would enjoy the power of dominance and would find themselves addicted to the D120's. This kept the customers coming back for more. Like a drug dealer, Dr. Mason would get them hooked with a free sample and then roll in the money as they came back for more. He would also use their addiction to for his own pleasures. When the women were desperate for another pair of contacts, they would do anything to get them.

The S120's were great for all out control. He would use these to turn his patients into sex hungry slaves. Under his control he could make them do anything and they would keep coming back for more and pay for his services. To his mindless sex slaves, weekly doctor's visits were a normal part of life. They sucked his cock, masturbated for him, and spread their pussies wide open for his enjoyment. He would even start to influence the way they dressed and acted in public, turning them into hormone crazy sluts. His cock grew hard in his pants just thinking about the potential for Kerri. The only question in his mind was which pair of contacts to give Kerri.

After careful consideration, Dr. Mason reached down and picked up a pair of S120's. Kerri would make a great slave he thought. He returned to the counter where Kerri was patiently waiting and daydreaming about Dr. Mason. She couldn't believe how hot and aroused she had become during this visit. As the doctor walked toward her, she noticed a new bulge in his pants. She laughed to herself, thinking that her flirting must be getting to him.

Mason moved a mirror over to Kerri and handed her the contacts. After Kerri put the contacts on, Dr. Mason led her over to the receptionist. "These should hold you over for about a week. Anne will schedule a follow-up appointment for you." Dr. Mason avoided eye contact and looked over at Anne. "Anne, schedule her for an hour as soon as possible."

Anne smiled and winked at Dr Mason. She was his partner in crime... The words 'as soon as possible' were code words to indicate that Kerri was wearing the S120's. It was Anne's job to have a little fun and test Kerri's contacts to ensure they were working. She looked into Kerri's eyes and Kerri felt a short shiver pass through her body. For a moment her mind went blank. Anne commanded her to sit down and Kerri obeyed without thinking.

Anne's tone was firm and authoritive. "You will come back in two days at 3:00 pm."

"O.K." Kerri replied without questioning the order or checking her calendar for availability.

Anne could tell that the contacts were working. Not only was Kerri in a submissive state, but Anne was feeling a need to dominate Kerri. Anne was all too familiar with this feeling and she had learned to suppress and control the sudden surge of emotions in the office. She decided to test Kerri a little more.

"Kerri. I saw you flirting with Dr. Mason. Did you have a good time?"

Kerri flushed with embarrassment. "Uhh. I'm sorry... I mean I don't know what you're talking about."

"You don't have to lie. All the girls flirt with him. If you want to get to know him, I can help you."

Kerri was unsure what to do. She was embarrassed but something seemed to be telling her to listen to Anne. She suddenly had a strong need for Anne's advice. Without waiting for an answer, Anne began to instruct Kerri. "First of all you need to dress sexier on your next visit. Unbutton your shirt and show some cleavage. The way you are dressed now is not sexy at all."

Kerri's self confidence suddenly deflated. She felt the need to prove to Anne that she could be sexy. She reached down and undid the top three buttons on her blouse exposing her tanned cleavage and the top of her pink lace bra. Anne's eyed fixated on Kerri's firm and perky breasts. The bra held them nice and tight creating eye catching mounds of cleavage.

Anne had to see more. "That's nice Kerri. Unbutton your shirt all the way so I can get a good look at the bra you are wearing. It might not fit Dr. Mason's tastes."

Kerri hesitated and looked around the full waiting room. Everyone seemed to be in their own world and not even paying attention to what she was doing. She felt odd about unbuttoning her shirt in plain view of everyone. Anne looked into her eyes and repeated her command. "Kerri, unbutton your shirt for me. You want to show me that you are sexy, right?"

Anne's eyes and words had a strange effect on Kerri. Kerri's hands started unbuttoning her shirt. For a brief moment Kerri's mind panicked. She could not believe she was undressing in a public room. It was a brief thought that was replaced with the desire and need to please Anne. Soon her shirt was unbuttoned and falling off her shoulders. Anne smiled at her captive and took in the lovely site of her firm breasts. The bra was outlined in pink lace with a thin transparent fabric covering the front of her breasts. Anne enjoyed the view of her dark aureoles and nipples showing through the fabric.

Anne stood in front of Kerri and slowly traced her hands along the sides of Kerri's breasts causing Kerri to sigh with pleasure. "I just love the soft feel of this bra," Anne said coyly. "It's very sexy. It think Dr. Mason will love it." Anne continued rubbing small circles around the sides of Kerri's breasts. The light rubbing overtop of the soft fabric felt incredible to Kerri. Kerri's heart began to pound in her chest and her nipples swelled and poked through the thin bra. Anne's hands moved in wider circles, gently sliding across the front of Kerri's tits, but avoiding her nipples. Her fingers caressed and gently squeezed all around her tits. The teasing was driving Kerri crazy. Her heart pounded faster, her breaths became deeper, and her pussy grew wetter by the moment. Kerri could not believe that she was receiving such pleasure from another women. Kerri did not want it to stop. Anne's hands finally slid down inside Kerri's bra and over her nipples. Kerri's legs became weak from the excitement. Anne pinched each nipple causing Kerri to shudder and groan. Kerri had to place her hands on Anne's shoulders to support her weakening legs.

"There, there Kerri, "Anne whispered into her ear. "Let's not get carried away." Anne stopped fondling Kerri's breasts and ordered her to stand up straight. Kerri was disappointed that the fun had to stop but she obeyed. She was so enthralled with Anne that she could not think about anything but pleasing and obeying her.

Anne continued her scrutiny of Kerri. "Let's see what you have under that skirt sweetie. Hold it up for me to see."

"Yes, Miss Anne," replied Kerri. She did not even know why she said 'Miss Anne.' It just seemed to be the right thing to say. Kerri partially unzipped the side of the denim skirt and then pulled the bottom hem up over her waist and held it there. Anne's eyes fell onto a pair of silk thong panties. Kerri's arousal seemed to grow just at the thought of Anne staring at her panties.

"How nice, they match you're bra." Anne reached down a slid her fingers over the smooth silk panties. She could feel Kerri's soft fleshy lips underneath the fabric. As she applied pressure to her fingers, Kerri's hips automatically pushed forward. Anne continued to massage Kerri's clit through the panties and Kerri continued to gyrate her hips, trying to push Anne's fingers deep inside her hot pussy. Kerri was lost in a world of ecstasy. Her pussy juices were flowing like a river and leaking out the sides of her panties. She wanted Anne to pull off her panties and shove her fingers deep inside. Her knees began to weaken again and once again she held onto to Anne for support.

Anne enjoyed this control she had over Kerri. She whispered into her ear, "that's right Kerri. Enjoy my pleasure. Be my slut. Fuck my fingers."

The words ignited a hot passionate fire in Kerri. She started to grind her pussy harder against Anne's hand. Anne's fingers slid under the crotch of Kerri's panties. Three fingers pushed deep into her pulsing hole. The pleasure was intense for Kerri... She could not believe that she was going to orgasm at the hand of another woman. She could not believe that she was doing this in plain view of everyone. In her mind she didn't care. She was at the mercy of Miss Anne. Miss Anne controlled her thoughts and passions at the moments. Kerri was leaning on Miss Anne and grinding her pussy against her probing fingers. Her pussy muscles tightened and she exploded into an orgasm, moaning into Anne's shoulder. In her passionate frenzy, Kerri did not even notice that one woman in the waiting room had fixated on her. This woman was not upset or disgusted at the scene. She was excited and aroused. She was discreetly playing with her pussy while watching Kerri become another pawn in Dr. Mason's game.

Kerri stood breathless and in awe at Miss Anne's ability to bring her great pleasure. Miss Anne slid Kerri's panties off and deposited them into a desk drawer with other used panties. These were Anne's collection, her trophies from other mindless sluts that she controlled. Miss Anne abruptly ended the meeting. "That will be all Kerri. We'll see you in a few days for your follow-up appointment."

Kerri felt emptiness. She did not want to leave. She wanted to be with Anne. Kerri pleaded. "Miss Anne, I don't want to go. You made me feel so incredible. I want to be with you. I want to be sexy for you and please you."

Anne was happy with her control over this beautiful woman. It was just as tough for her to end the session. Anne's pussy was on fire beneath the counter. It took all her will power and mind control to suppress the surge of dominant emotions created by the contacts. Her mind was telling her to turn Kerri into her pleasure toy and have her way with her. It would be so easy to do, but she had to play the game and stick with Dr. Mason's strategy. She couldn't let things go too far too early. Anne gently caressed Kerri's cheek with her hand while she spoke, "Oh, you sweet little slut..." the words slut echoed in Kerri's ears. She wanted to be a slut. She wanted to be Miss Anne's slut. "....You're time will come. You must earn my respect. You will learn to be an obedient little slut. Now go and leave me alone."

Anne's words were direct and powerful. Kerri buttoned her shirt up and walked out of the office. Her face showed disappointment. She thought she was a good little slut. She couldn't wait for her next appointment with Dr. Mason.

When Kerri sat down in her car and closed the door. She could smell her own sexual aroma filling the small confined space. Her pussy was hot and wet underneath her skirt. Her mind was frazzled at what had just occurred. Kerri took a few deep breaths and calmed herself down.

Kerri decided to stick with her plan to go to the gym. Since it was early in the day it would be empty and she could get a great workout in. A workout might help her relax and make sense of what happened earlier.

At the gym, Kerri went into the locker room and changed into workout clothes. She wore a light blue tank top which did little to cover the straps of her sports bra. This was a look that a lot of the women at the gym preferred. It was comfortable and cool. She put on white cotton panties and gray shorts which clung nicely to her ass. 

The gym was not crowded so Kerri decided to get some help from a trainer. There were a few machines that she wanted to try out, but she was unsure how to use them. Kerri went over to the trainer's office and walked in. A fit young man was looking down, reading some paperwork.

"Excuse me I was wondering...," Kerri words trailed off when the trainer looked up and made eye-contact. Time stood still for a split second and Kerri's mind went blank. The trainer, who was normally a polite guy, looked at Kerri and in an annoying voice asked what she wanted.

Kerri didn't know what to say. She couldn't remember why she came into his office. She felt embarrassed and ashamed for being there. "I...I... don't know," she stuttered. "I'm sorry. I guess I need help with something. I don't know what to do."

"You do need help," the trainer fired back. He didn't know why but he suddenly felt the need to dominate and control Kerri. He decided to play with her mind a bit. He wanted to see her beg for his help. "I can help you but why should I? What's in it for me?"

The more she looked into his eyes, the more Kerri wanted him to help her and tell her what to do. "I'll do anything you want. I just need your help. Please...please," Kerri pleaded.

Kerri's pleading eyes and desperate voice caused the trainer's cock to stir in his pants. The new power he had over her was exciting him. "If I help you it's for my pleasure. You must do whatever I say, is that understood?"

Kerri nodded her head yes and the orders started immediately.

"Give me a reason to want to help you. Take off the bra and those shorts so I have something nice to look at...." Kerri quickly pulled her bra out from under her shirt and pulled off her shorts and placed them on his desk. Now she was standing in his office wearing nothing but sneakers, white cotton panties and a tank top. Her breasts were barely contained in the thin material of the tank top, leaving little to the imagination. Kerri noticed a bulge in the trainer's white cotton shorts as he circled her, taking in her half naked body. His scrutiny of her and his commanding orders created butterflies in her stomach; Butterflies that tickled her insides in a strange and erotic way. Being under his control was arousing her and her pussy was once again moist and tingling.

"Very nice. I can tell you keep yourself in shape. Follow-me." The trainer quickly walked out of his office and down a hallway. Kerri was hesitant about walking around the gym half naked but she did not have time to think about it. She did not want to upset her trainer. She followed behind him like a puppy chasing his master. Thankfully the gym was pretty empty. One guy passed her in the hallway and stared with a drooling grin on his face. Kerri felt a little humiliated but quickly walked by. The trainer led her into a workout room that was for Women only. Kerri was relieved at this. The room was empty and chances were that no one would come in. Hardly anybody used the room, especially in the middle of the day.

The trainer made her do some stretches to warm up. He stood and watched as she stretched her arms over and behind her head. Kerri wanted to impress her new master so she moved slowly and exaggerated her stretches, trying to be sexy. She spread her legs wide and slowly bent forward and touched the ground with her hands. In this position, Kerri knew that he could see her nipples under the loose shirt. She was aware that he was standing behind her and staring at her pubic hair and puffy lips peeking out from the crotch of her panties. She felt like a stripper putting her body on display for him. Her pussy grew wetter.

As she was bent forward with her legs spread, she felt the trainer's hands on her hips and then she gasped as he rubbed his cock against her crotch. The firm pressure felt incredible on Kerri's sex. She starting grinding against him, trying to feel more of his cock but after a few seconds he pulled away and told her to stand up. When he walked in front of her, her eyes were drawn to the outline of his hard cock in his shorts. She was pleased to see a wet spot where the tip of his cock rested.

The trainer was extremely excited now. He had almost shot a load in his shorts when he was rubbing his cock against her crotch. He had enough will power to pull away but he wasn't sure how much longer he could last. He was enjoying dominating Kerri and had a few "workout" ideas in mind for Kerri that would definitely shoot his hormones through the roof.

The trainer ordered Kerri to go over to the chest fly machine. The seat had a long thin back support and was tilted slightly backward. Once sitting in the seat, Kerri put each of her fore arms against the vertical arm rests that were on each side of her shoulders. She was now sitting slightly titled back with her arms spread apart and forearms resting vertically against a pad. The pads were slightly behind her back which caused her back to arch and her tits to point upward. With a tank top and no bra, this made quite an erotic display. The trainer adjusted the tension on the machine causing her arms to be pulled back farther. He increased the weight on the machine far beyond Kerri's capabilities. Kerri tried to move the arm pads forward but she couldn't budge them. Because he adjusted the tension she couldn't even move to get off the seat. She pleaded to the trainer, "it's too heavy. I can't do that much weight. I can't even move."

He laughed at her predicament. "Exactly. That's the way I like it. Let's have a little fun."

Kerri felt very vulnerable. She helplessly sat there and watched as his hands slid inside her shirt and fondled her tits. She moaned in pleasure when he pulled and pinched her nipples. She loved the feeling of being restrained and at his mercy. The trainer moved in front of her and pulled up her shirt, exposing her firm tits. Kerri could do nothing but sit there and let him have his way with her. Her back was arched and her tits were pointing out for his enjoyment. He leaned forward and licked and sucked on her nipples. He drove Kerri wild for the next few minutes as he took advantage of her helpless state. When he was finished with her tits he loosened the tension on the machine and helped her up. As she stood up, Kerri noticed the seat was covered in her pussy juice. She also noticed the wet spot on the trainer's shorts was bigger. She was pleased that she was satisfying her master.

Next she was instructed to lie face down on a padded bench. At one end of the long thin bench was a padded bar for reverse leg curls. Kerri lifted her legs so that her calves were rested against the pad. To do this exercise, you are supposed to curl your legs backwards toward your butt and then back down toward the ground. Kerri was ready to start; however, the trainer had a different idea in mind. She felt something being wrapped around her legs. Kerri looked over her shoulder and saw that the trainer was tying her feet to the padded bar using a jump rope. He took another rope and tied Kerri's hands together behind her back. He then ordered Kerri to curl her legs backward. When she did this he tied the rope on her feet to the rope that was securing her hands. He pulled the rope tight forcing her to arch her back. This left Kerri in a hog-tied position. Once again she was helpless and vulnerable and she was enjoying it. Her body tingled in anticipation of what was going to happen.

Kerri watched the trainer stand back and admire his work. His cock seemed to grow harder in his shorts. He walked over to her side and she felt his warm hands caress her ass. His fingers slid under her panties, down her crack, and into her pussy. Kerri's body shuddered at the intrusion. Her breathing quickened as his fingers probed deep into her pussy. She was desperate for an orgasm but he was just toying with her. After a few minutes of his teasing she could not take it any more. "Please fuck me," she begged. "Fuck me please. I want your cock inside of me."

The trainer laughed and moved infront of her. "You want my cock in you. I'll give you my cock." He pulled his shorts and underwear down causing his cock to pop out and slap against the side of her face. With her hands and feet tied all she could do was stare at his pulsing member. She could see precum seeping from the tip and she was dying to lick it.

The trainer was enjoying her lust. "Beg for it bitch. You're a nasty cock sucker. You want to suck my cock so bad don't you slut. Tell me how much of a cock sucker you are."

His words aroused Kerri even more. She had a sudden urge to take his cock in her mouth and suck it. "Please! Please let me suck your cock," she begged. Kerri opened her mouth wide and he shoved his long hard rod into her mouth. She gagged at first. She had never sucked a cock without using her hands. She had a difficult time because she could not control the pace at which he pumped her face, but she quickly got into the rhythm. She did her best to suck his cock and please him. Kerri could feel his cock swelling each time he pumped her mouth. After a few pumps he pulled his cock out of her mouth and positioned it just out of reach of Kerri's mouth. Kerri was hungry for his cock and she stuck her tongue out to lick the tip, but he moved back. She tried lunging forward to get his cock in her mouth, but he kept his cock from her reach. He seemed amused at her desperate acts. Never before had Kerri wanted a cock so bad. She felt like a whore who was willing to do anything for pleasure. Maybe she needed to beg more, she thought.

"Please let me taste your cock. I'm a nasty little whore. I want to suck your cock so bad!" Kerri couldn't believe she was saying these words. Normally she was a conservative when it came to sex. Strangely, she was feeling slutty and desperate for his attention. She had to please him. She had to show him what a great cock sucker she was.

Unfortunately she did not get he chance to prove her sucking ability. The trainer pulled away and moved behind her. He untied her feet and made her straddle the bench. She was still bent forward, with her hands tied behind her back. However, she was standing with her legs straddling the bench. This caused her ass to be pointed up in the air for his pleasure. The trainer was satisfied with what he saw. Her white cotton panties were so wet that they became transparent. His cock was throbbing for attention. He really wanted to fuck her like a dog.

Kerri felt her panties being pulled down to her mid thigh. She was excited at how exposed her pussy was. Her lips were engorged and puffy. They hung between her legs like a juicy fruit waiting to be plucked. She felt his hands grab onto her hips and she felt the tip of his cock probing at her opening. Her pussy was so hot and wet that his cock slid in easily. She closed her eyes and moaned at the fullness of his cock. He began fucking her pussy deep and hard. She loved this doggy-style position because it allowed for deeper penetration into her wanting hole. She loved the feeling of his balls slapping against her ass and she loved the feeling of his hands on her hips, man-handling her. Her pussy muscles gripped his cock each time he pumped her. And her body tingled with pleasure. It felt incredible to have a cock in her after all the teasing she had been through. At about the time her body tensed for an orgasm, she felt his cock swell extra large and then she felt his warm liquid fill her. Both their bodies convulsed together in orgasm.

When the panting and bucking subsided, the trainer helped her up. "You served me well. You are quite a slut. Come back next week for another session." It was an order, not a question. Kerri nodded her head and thanked him for allowing her to come back. She headed to the locker room pleased that she had satisfied the trainer.

In the locker room she showered and dressed. She did not have a clean pair of panties to wear since Dr. Mason's assistant took her pink one's earlier. Since she didn't have panties, she decided not to wear a bra either. She felt this would be sexier. This was a decision that was far different from what Kerri would have normally done. Something in her mind made her want to forget the bra. The words from Miss Anne seemed to echo in her head "you need to be sexier.... You need to show some cleavage..."

Kerri put on her blouse and her denim skirt. She left the top three buttons open on the blouse, allowing for a nice view of her tits. At the right angle a person could even see her nipples. Kerri left the gym and headed for home. It had been a long and unusual day for her. She had to go home and relax.

Once she arrived home she sat down on the couch exhausted. Kerri rested for a bit and then made herself dinner. At 8:00 something strange happened. She was overcome with thoughts of Dr. Mason. Her pussy began to tingle and her nipples became erect. She reached under her skirt and began playing with her pussy as she thought about Dr. Mason. Kerri could not control her thoughts and feelings. Her whole body seemed to be aching to be fucked by Dr. Mason. She squeezed her nipples and fingered her wet pussy as she imagined his hard cock filling her pussy. A sudden orgasm engulfed her mind and body causing her to buck and shake violently with pleasure. When she was finished an overwhelming feeling of gratefulness filled her mind. She was grateful that she met Dr. Mason and happy with the contacts he gave her. Never before had she felt so good about receiving a pair of contacts.

She could not wait for her follow-up appointment. Keri just had to tell Dr. Mason immediately. Excited, Kerri ran over to the phone and dialed Dr. Mason's home phone number. It did not seem odd to Kerri that she knew his home phone number by memory even though she had just met Dr. Mason and that she did not have a personal relationship with him. Dr. Mason answered the phone. His voice was deep and soothing to Kerri. Kerri's pussy quivered with excitement when she spoke.

"Hi Dr. Mason. My name is Kerri. You gave me contacts earlier today and I just wanted to......"

Dr. Mason interrupted her, "Kerri? I'm not sure that I remember a Kerri. Describe yourself to me. What were you wearing?"

Kerri was a little upset that he did not remember her. She thought they 'connected' with each other during her visit. "Well...I am a brunette..I was wearing...umm... a white blouse and denim skirt."

Dr. Mason continued with his game. He loved toying with his victims. "I'm still not sure who you are. What cup size are your tits?"

Kerri answered without hesitation, "C-cup."

"Oh. How nice. And what were you wearing underneath your blouse and skirt?"

His questions did not seem odd to Kerri "I had a pink lace bra and pink silk panties."

"Ahh. Yes, I remember now. You weren't dressed very sexy. You need to spice up your outfit a bit."

Kerri was upset that Dr. Mason was not pleased with her. She wanted so badly for him to like her and be happy with her. She begged for his forgiveness. "I'm sorry Dr. Mason! Please forgive me. I can be sexy. I've been practicing. I'll show more cleavage. I'll wear a shorter skirt. I'll do whatever you want!"

Dr. Mason chuckled at her desperate need for attention. He was delighted that the hypnosis and subliminal messages from her first visit were still altering her mind. His cock stirred in his pants at the sound of her begging and pleading for his forgiveness. He continued toying with her. "That's good my pet. You can be slutty for me, can't you? If I remember correctly you were flirting with me, weren't you? Did you cream your panties in my office?"

The more Dr Mason talked, the more submissive Kerri felt. His voice penetrated her mind and thoughts and excited her. Each word he spoke heightened her arousal. She wanted to be slutty and sexy for him. She wanted to cream her panties for him. She was so excited from his voice that she could barely talk. She managed to meekly whisper a response, "yes...I will be...I will be slutty for you...I did flirt with you.." Kerri's breathing became deeper from her arousal "...I did cream my panties in your office.."

"You naughty girl, making a mess in your panties in my office. You like being naughty and slutty don't you? You want to cum right now don't you?"

Kerri could not control the erotic feelings that were flowing through her body. Her pussy was on fire. Dr. Mason's voice continued to heighten her arousal. She pleaded for his mercy. "Yes.. Please... you are driving me wild... I am so naughty...please let me cum..."

Dr. Mason was close to cumming himself. He was stroking his cock as he was giving orders. The soft choppy replies from Kerri were exciting him. He loved hearing his transformed sluts speak while they were aroused and ready to burst. Their soft erotic voice and deep breaths were thrilling to hear. He wanted to tease her more, but he knew he wouldn't last much longer. "Kerri, my pet. You may cum. Let me hear how much of a slut you are."

Dr. Mason was the key to her flood gates. Kerri immediately stuck her hand down her panties and brought herself to a long and intense orgasm. She moaned and screamed into the phone as her whole body shook with uncontrollable pleasure. When she was finished Dr. Mason ordered her to take the tape out of the video camera in the corner of the room and bring it to her appointment with him tomorrow. Kerri looked over to the corner of the room and saw that her video camera was set up on a tripod and was pointed toward her and recording. She did not remember setting up the camera or turning it on. Dr. Mason restated his command and Kerri instantly forgot what she was thinking about. She got up, took the tape out and put it in her purse so that she would remember to bring it to the Dr.'s office. When she hung up from Dr. Mason she felt extremely tired so she took a quick shower and went right to bed.

Kerri's appointment was less than an hour away. She was very excited about seeing Dr. Mason again. For some strange reason all she could think about was Dr. Mason. Everything that occurred the day before seemed to be blocked out of her mind. Her mind and thoughts were focused on Dr. Mason. She had to impress him and please him.

Kerri began to prepare for her visit. She stared at the various pieces of clothing which she bought just for her appointment with the doctor. First she slid on a pair of white silk thongs. They were new and extra silky. Kerri was sure that Dr Mason would get a glimpse of them under the mini skirt she just bought. The skirt was dark brown and therefore she finished her outfit with brown heels and a beige blouse. She left the top few buttons undone to show off her cleavage and a glimpse of her lacey bra.

At the Dr's office the soft background music instantly put Kerri into an erotic trance. The more she sat and waited the more she wanted to impress Dr. Mason. Her pussy grew hot and her tits swelled in arousal. She crossed her legs like a lady but squeezed her thighs and bounced her foot up and down like a slut. An orgasm began to build as she secretly masturbated herself by clenching her thighs and pussy muscles. Had it not been for her name being called she would have had an orgasm sitting right in the waiting room.

Kerri stood up, heart pounding and sweating from the excitement. She walked over to the counter, passing two other women whose legs were crossed with one foot bobbing up and down. Each girl lost in their own trance.

Dr. Mason greeted Kerri with a big smile and stared straight into her eyes. "All ready for your treatment Kerri."

Kerri's legs weakened at his voice. When their eyes met a chill ran down her spine. She felt the need to be sexy and provocative for Dr. Mason. She wanted to please him and make him happy. She pulled her shoulders back causing her tits to point out. In a somewhat demure tone she replied. "Yes Dr. Mason. Always ready for you."


Dr Mason's eyes drooled at her new outfit. He replied, "That's a good girl. Follow me sweetheart."

He led her to a room in the back of the office building. Kerri followed behind him and admiring his broad shoulders and strong arms. She was enjoying the view of his dark slacks clinging tightly to his ass as he walked. Kerri took great pride in her own body. She ran and lifted weights on a regular basis and she could tell the Dr. Mason did the same. We have something in common she thought. She could only imagine what was beneath his perfectly pressed blue shirt.

Dr Mason helped her into a long leather reclining chair and had her remove her contacts. He found the drops that he was looking for and then pushed a few buttons on the side of the chair which raised her legs up and reclined her upper body back slightly. With her short skirt on, there was no way to hide her panties in this reclined position. Kerri didn't seem to mind. In fact her legs parted slightly, giving Dr. Mason a clear view of her pussy lips pressed tightly against the silk fabric.

Dr. Mason's cock was already hard in his pants. It was always exciting discovering his new patients. Kerri's white panties were inviting. Her pussy had gotten so wet in the waiting room that he could see her pink lips beneath the damp fabric. The smell of her arousal was far more exciting to Dr. Mason, than any perfume. Dr. Mason spent a few seconds drooling over his newly acquired pussy and then moved onto business.

He used his forefinger and thumb to gently pull Kerri's eye open wide. "This may sting a bit Kerri," he warned. "If you keep your eyes closed the sting should go away," he said as he squeezed three small drops into her eye. Kerri flinched from the sudden intrusion and burning sensation. Before she could relax, he quickly applied three drops to her other eye. She closed her eyes and tried to relax. The burning sensation was slowly subsiding.

Dr. Mason helped soothe her with his deep soft voice, "That's good Kerri. Keep your eyes closed and relax while the medicine absorbs into your eyes. I'll be back in 30 minutes. Just relax and let the drug do its work."

Relax...Let the drug do its work. The words echoed through Kerri's mind. She could not get Dr. Mason's soothing voice out of her mind. Soon the burning turned into a warm comforting sensation which spread over her entire body. The room was starting to get hot so she reached up and unbuttoned two more buttons on her blouse. When her fingers touched her skin, she felt a strange tingling sensation. Her fingers were full of electricity and each time she touched herself she got a little shock. What a strange side effect she thought. Kerri slid her hand across her chest and enjoyed the charge of energy. She continued to touch her chest, enjoying this strange sensation. She found herself becoming aroused and was a little concerned about Dr. Mason walking in. Although she had a bra on, she had large nipples and her arousal would surely be obvious to the doctor. Kerri wanted to open her eyes to see if her nipples were visible, but she was afraid the burning sensation would return if she opened them. A voice seemed to echo in the back of her mind Relax.....enjoy yourself...let the drug do its work...

Kerri did not realize that Dr. Mason was sitting next to her. His whispers were like a dream to her. A soft voice in her head suggested, "Enjoy the pleasure Kerri. Let yourself get hot and horny for Dr. Mason. Feel your breasts swell. Feel your nipples get hard. Your bra is so restricting..you just want to take it off don't you? You need to take it off and feel the freedom."

Kerri's hands slid under her bra and she pinched her nipples. She moaned, "yes."

The soft voice continued to manipulate her thoughts. "Take off your bra and be free. Pinch your nipples hard and feel your pussy quiver from the pleasure....You must take off your bra and be slutty for Dr. Mason."

Kerri found herself undoing her bra and sliding it off. Her eyes remained closed and her pussy remained on fire. She squeezed her nipples hard and gasped from the burst of pleasure. She knew that she should not be acting so slutty in an eye doctor's office, but she could not control herself. She had an overwhelming desire to play with her nipples.

Next the voice whispered, "Your panties are so wet and uncomfortable. You must take them off. Take them off and let your pussy be free. Expose your pussy. Don't be shy. Dr. Mason won't care. Dr. Mason will understand. You want to show your pussy to Dr. Mason. You want to be sexy and slutty for him. You must take off your panties."

Kerri slid her panties off and dropped them on the floor. She did not even hear Dr. Mason pick them up and bring them to his nose. He inhaled her womanly scent. By now his pants were off and his cock was dripping precum. Dr. Mason wrapped the damp panties around his cock and stroked a few times. Dr Mason whispered into Kerri's ear, "Dr. Mason will be coming back soon. You will be extremely horny and aroused in his presence and you will have to tell him how you feel. You will not be able to open your eyes unless he touches your pussy. When you do open your eyes the first thing you will see is his cock. You will not be able to take your eyes off his cock. You will crave to suck his cock. You will crave to taste his cum. All that will matter to you is that you must taste his cum. You will do whatever it takes to suck his cock and taste his cum."

When Dr. Mason was finished hypnotizing Kerri, He stood up. Kerri looked irresistible laying on the chair with her breasts and pussy exposed. Her pussy lips were swollen and damp. Dr. Mason could not wait to feel their warmth. He loved sliding his fingers into a dripping wet pussy. He loved to see his girls arch their back and moan at the pleasure. Pushing their "hot button" gave him a feeling of control. His knew that in her aroused stated his fingers would melt her mind.

In a professional voice Dr. Mason stated, "Hello Kerri. The drops have had some time to absorb into your eyes. How are you feeling?"

Kerri's body came alive at the sound of Dr. Mason's voice. She could feel her pussy tingling from arousal. Her nipples swelled and her breasts were warm with pleasure. Kerri shifted in the chair, tensing her pussy and breasts, trying to elicit more pleasure. Her extreme arousal took her to a deep erotic place. She forgot where she was. She had to tell Dr. Mason how horny she was. Her voice was low and sultry. "Ohhh. Dr. Mason. I am sooo horny right now. My pussy is on fire. Mmmm. I want to cum so bad."

"Kerri, you are a naughty girl, getting all horny for me. Look at you with your pussy and tits exposed. Have you been touching yourself?"

Kerri's arousal grew stronger the more the doctor talked. She wanted him to know how slutty and hot she felt. Her hands slid over her breasts. "Oh yes. Dr. I am so hot. I just had to touch myself."

"You're quite the slut aren't you? I do like slutty girls. Why don't you open your eyes and look at me. I want to see lust in your slutty eyes."

Kerri tried to open her eyes but she couldn't. Her pussy began to quiver as she tried to open her eyes. The more she concentrated the more her pussy heated up. Suddenly she felt a strong desire to have Dr. Mason touch her pussy. She did not know why but she sensed that if he touched her pussy, she would be able to open her eyes. She begged to Dr. Mason, "I can't open my eyes. I need you to touch my pussy. Please! If you touch my pussy, I'll be able to open my eyes."

Dr Mason stroked his cock with Kerri's panties and watched her body shudder in pleasure. Her begging almost sent him over the edge. He knew that he controlled her. She was helpless and needy for him. He relished his power and control. He toyed with her, "Kerri, that's just silly. You're just trying to get me to touch your pussy for you own pleasure. You really are a slut aren't you? Now stop acting like a whore and open your eyes."

Kerri tried to open her eyes again but she couldn't. She really needed Dr. Mason to touch her pussy. She did feel like a slut, but she also knew it would help her open her eyes. She pleaded with him. "Please! You must touch my pussy. If you touch my pussy I will be able to open my eyes. I just know it! I am a slut, but I want to be a slut for you. It's for your pleasure, not mine. Please touch my pussy!!"

"Kerri, this is strange request, but I can see that you can't control yourself. I can see that you need me and want me. If you will be a slut for me I will touch you. Will you be my slut?"

"Yes. Please just touch my pussy!"

Dr. Mason gladly reached down and slid two of his fingers into her dripping pussy. He gently slid them all the way up to the palm of his hand. Her back arched, her head tilted back, and she let out a deep moan. Dr. Mason calmly ordered, "Do not cum yet slut. You are my slut and I will let you know when the time is right."

Kerri didn't know how she did it, but she was able to hold back the orgasm that was rising within her. Her eyes slowly opened and all she saw was Dr. Mason's cock. He was leaning over her chair, his fingers still in her pussy. His fingers did not move insider her, but her pussy pulsed and clamped around them. He was still but her insides were alive, teetering on the brink of orgasm. Kerri could not think straight. Her eyes focused on Dr. Mason's erect cock. It looked inviting and delicious. She could see precum glistening on the tip. Her tongue instinctively licked her lips. She desperately needed to lick the cum off the tip of his cock. Dr Mason knew what she was thinking and so he asked, "Do you like my cock?

Kerri licked her lips again, "oh yes! I'm dying to lick...." Kerri's words were lost in mid sentence. Dr. Mason had moved his fingers inside her pussy and brushed her clit. She let out a deep moan. Her insider were burning with pleasure, but all she could think about was licking his cock. She started to talk again, "Please Dr. Mason, let me lick your co...." Once again Dr. Mason rubbed her clit inside her pussy and Kerri's mind and body were overcome with pleasure.

Dr. Mason loved this power over her. She was his finger puppet. The slightest movement of his fingers brought her irresistible pleasure. He knew what she wanted and used that to exploit her for his own pleasures. "Kerri, do as I say and I will let you lick my cock. I want to see your slutty body. Take your shirt off and put your hands behind your head."

Kerri's shirt was already unbuttoned so she quickly sat-up and removed it. Dr. Mason's fingers were still inside her pussy and she enjoyed the pleasure they brought when she moved around to take off her shirt. She purposely tilted her hips so that her swollen clit pressed against his fingers. It felt incredible and Dr Mason was rewarded with a deep moan. It took all her will power to keep herself from humping his fingers. Kerri laid back and put her hands behind her head.

Dr Mason ordered, "Push your elbows outward my pet. Push those titties out for me to see."

Kerri did as instructed. With her hands behind her head, she stretched her elbows out to each side. This caused her back to arch slightly and her tits point out. She could feel her chest muscles stretching. The tightness of her muscles heighten her pleasure.

Dr. Mason enjoyed the erotic display and rewarded her with a few strokes of his fingers in and out of her hot, drippy pussy. When he was sure she was on the verge of orgasm he removed his fingers. "Good girl Kerri. Now put your feet up on the chair."

The chair was similar to a dentist chair, with a long leg rest. Kerri put her feet flat on the bottom part of the leg rest, causing her knees to be bent. Dr. Mason slid her feet into a sleeve that ran across the bottom of the leg rest. Dr. Mason used this sleeve to keep the feet of his slaves from moving or sliding down the leg rest. Next he went over to the side wall and pulled a nylon rope out of the wall. The rope was retractable, similar to the retractable clothes lines that are found in hotel bathrooms. He tied the end of the rope around Kerri's right knee. He repeated the same procedure on the left side. When the ropes were secured he stood infront of Kerri and flipped a small silver switch on the wall.

The tension on the roped tightened and slowly pulled Kerr's knees apart. Her feet remained secure in the sleeve on the leg rest but her knees pulled apart. Dr Mason commented, "Relax, Kerri and spread your pussy open for me. Show me what a slut you are. Show me much how much you want to suck my cock."

Kerri let her knees be pulled apart. She felt her groin and pussy muscles being stretched. In her aroused state, the stretching felt pleasurable. Just when she thought she could not stretch anymore the ropes stopped retracting. With her knees pulled apart and her arms behind her head and stretched out she was fully exposed and vulnerable. It was unlike Kerri to ever put herself in such a vulnerable and helpless position. She could not believe how uninhibited she felt at the moment. Her tits and pussy were on fire. Her pussy was spread open for display and it was alive with excitement. Her tits swelled and tingled in erotic bliss. She wanted Dr. Mason to ravish her body and make her cum. More importantly, she wanted to suck his cock and make him cum.

Dr. Mason knew what she was thinking. After all it was him who programmed her thoughts. She was his toy to play with. She was there for his pleasure. He enjoyed the sight before him. Her tits were firm and perky. Her pussy was spread open and dripping - an invitation for him to taste her pleasures. Dr. Mason position himself between her legs and slowly licked up and down the length of her pussy. Kerri shuddered in delight. Dr. Mason repeated this a few times and then ordered, "Cum for me slut," while he licked her pussy.

Dr. Mason's words ignited an explosion in Kerri. His tongue pressed deeper into her pulsing hole and brought out spasms of pleasure. Kerri pressed against his face and opened her pussy up for his tongue. She came like never before and Dr. Mason eagerly lapped up her love juices. Multiple waves of climaxes passed through Kerri. She was left breathless, but not fully satisfied. There was still a burning desire to suck Dr. Mason's cock. Kerri did not understand her state of mind. She was so horny and needy for his cock. She knew she should get up and leave but she couldn't. All she could thing about was his cock and tasting his cum. Her mouth was dry and thirsty for his creamy cum.

In between deep breaths Kerri said, "Oh Dr. Mason, that was incredible. Please let me return the favor. Please let me suck your cock."

"Mmm you were delicious my little slut. That's nice you want to suck my cock. I think you'd enjoy it more than me. You're just dying to lick up all my cum aren't you? You'd love to have my sticky cum all over your slutty face, wouldn't you? Mmmm. You would look so dirty and slutty for me. I just love to see my slaves all covered in my cum. Is that what you want dear? Do you want to please me and be dirty and slutty for me?"

Kerri's body heated up the more Dr. Mason talked. She couldn't control the naughty feelings running through her body. She was in an erotic high like never before. Dr Mason seemed to know all her thoughts. With her body still stretched and exposed she pleaded, "oh yes doctor! I do want to suck your cock so bad. I can't wait to taste your cum. Please let me take you in my mouth. Please let me be dirty and naughty and slutty for you. I will do whatever you want."

Dr. Mason laughed out loud. "Yes, I know you'll do anything for me. You are my slave sweetie and you belong to me. Try to relax my pet, while I get you ready for my cock."

Kerri tried to relax but she couldn't. She was on the verge of orgasm and she was dying to suck his cock. Dr. Mason flicked the silver switch on the wall and the tension slowly eased up on the ropes tied to her knees. Kerri was allowed to relax her arms as Dr. Mason undid the ropes. When she was freed he had her kneel before him. Dr. Mason gave her a few instructions. "You have been a good slave so I will reward you with my cock. I want you to finger yourself while you suck my cock. You may not cum until you have sucked the last drop out of my cock. Is that understood?"

"Yes sir," replied Kerri. Then she quickly leaned forward and sucked the tip of his cock. She was ready to make him cum, but then she felt her hair being pulled back firmly. Dr. Mason pulled her head back. "A little eager aren't we dear? I wasn't finished talking to you. Don't forget how naughty and dirt you are. I've got a lot of cum for you. You can swallow some but I want to see cum all over your slutty face."

Kerri did not even have a chance to reply. Dr. Mason forced her head forward and she quickly opened her mouth and took his cock in. She could already taste traces of cum. The taste drove her wild with lust. She licked his cock in a frenzy, desperate to taste more cum; desperate for her own sexual release. She flicked her tongue over his pee hole, drawing out his cream. Her lips closed around his warm cock and she let him fuck her mouth. One hand massaged his balls while the other played with her pussy. She wanted to cum so bad and so she sucked harder, praying that his orgasm would come soon. Her prayers were answered. He let out a deep moan and his cock swelled in her mouth. A hot stream of cream hit the roof of her mouth and she swallowed it. The taste was heavenly. Quickly she pulled his cock out of her mouth, while stroking it. Two streams of hot cum shot across her face and chin. Once again she took his cock back into her mouth and sucked out the remaining cum. When she was sure the last drop was in her mouth she pushed her fingers deep into her pussy, pressing hard against her clit. Her orgasm finally let loose. Dr. Mason pulled his cock from her mouth and she screamed in ecstasy. She knelt before him, humping her fingers while cum dripped off her chin. She felt slutty and dirty and so sexually inhibited. Waves of orgasms rippled through her body. Kerri experienced her most intense orgasm ever.

Kerri was out of breath but Dr. Mason did not care. He was still enjoying his power trip. He scooped up some of the cum that dripped onto her chest and shoved his finger into her mouth, almost gagging her. "Lick it up my slut....that's a good slave." He enjoyed watching her struggle to catch her breath while sucking the cum off his fingers. He could tell she was eager to please him and that excited him.

Strangely, Kerri also felt excited and aroused from the situation. The more dirty and slutty she was the more excited she got. The more submissive and powerless she became the more her pussy ached for attention. These were emotions she could not understand and at the moment she did not care to understand. She was in erotic bliss.

When all the cum was scooped up and licked off Dr. Mason's fingers, he ordered her to get dressed and sit back into the chair. When she was ready Dr Mason's spoke in a calm and soothing voice, "You've been such a good girl for me Kerri. Now rest and relax. Close your eyes and relax. Take a few deep breaths and relax."

Kerri listened to the doctor and soon she was relaxed and in a sleepy state. Dr Mason's voice seeped into her dreams. "Kerri when you wake up, all that we have done will seem like a dream to you. It will seem so real to you but you will still think it was a dream. You will always become aroused in my presence or at the mention of my name. In my presence you will feel submissive and you will want to please me anyway that you can. Your only desire will be to make me happy."

Dr. Mason whispered these commands into Kerri's ear over and over again. Then he stood up and acted as if he just walked. In a loud voice he said, "Hello Kerri. How are you feeling?"

Kerri was startled out of her sleep by his voice. "Oh...uh...oh...Hi Dr. Mason. I guess I dozed off." Kerri felt disoriented. She looked at Dr. Mason and a strong feeling of arousal flooded her body. Flashes of an erotic dream with him went through her mind. She could feel a dampness in her panties. She blushed form embarrassment, thinking that she had a very erotic dream about Dr. Mason.

Dr. Mason replied to her, "Oh that's fine Kerri. It's good to relax and get a nice nap. You're almost done here. I have new pair of contacts for you to wear." He held out the contacts for her to put on. They were the S120's, the contact's that caused her to become submissive. She took them from the doctor and put them on. She was already feeling submissive in his presence. The feeling grew even stronger after she put the contacts on and looked into his eyes. Now she was craving his attention.

"Thank you Dr. Mason. I...uh....am I done....When can I come back?"

"Well, your eyes seem to be fine now. I think you're done."

Kerri felt a deep emptiness inside. She had to see Dr. Mason again. "Dr...I don't know. I think I need to see you again."

"Why is that?"

"I..ah...I don't know. I just think I need to see you again. I want to make you happy and that's why I have to see you again." Kerri could not believe what she just said. She was also surprised at how aroused she was.

Dr. Mason put a hand on her shoulder. "You want to make me happy, huh? The sounds nice." He ran his hands through her hair. Kerri's knees weakened and her pussy throbbed at his touch. "You are such a sweet girl. I think that's a good enough reason to come back. I'm going to put you on a special treatment plan. You'll have to come by once a week for treatment. It's not covered by your insurance so you'll have to pay upfront for it. I hope that won't be a problem."

"Oh thank you Dr. Mason. That's not a problem at all."

Dr. Mason picked up Kerri's file, scribbled something inside and handed the folder to Kerri. "Give this to Ms. Anne upfront and she will take care of everything."

Kerri hurried over to Anne with the file. Anne gave her a big smile and looked into her eyes. Kerri barely felt the shiver go through her body when Anne and her made eye contact. Kerri suddenly felt dependent on Anne. She stood silently while Anne read the comments from Dr. Mason. She stood with her eyes cast downward, waiting for an order from Anne. Finally it came. "Sit down dear. I have some papers for you to sign."

"Yes ma'am" replied Kerri as she sat in the chair next to Miss Anne's desk.

Anne pushed a few papers over to Kerri. "You will be put on a weekly schedule. Every Wednesday at 1:00 you are to report here. Sign these papers to acknowledge you are accepting this treatment and that you agree to pay for the treatment since it is not covered by your insurance."

Kerri barely read the papers. She glanced at the price of $100 per session and paused. It was a lot of money, but she just had to see Dr. Mason again. She rationalized in her head that her eyes needed the treatment and that if she could get closer with Dr. Mason it would be worth it. Then she signed the papers and handed them back to Miss Anne.

"Thank you Kerri. You've made a good decision. Dr. Mason is very excited to have you in his treatment plan."

Kerri was glad to hear that Dr. Mason was excited for her. She thanked Anne for her help and headed out the door. She was excited and even horny about her treatment plan. It was a lot of money but it was her decision to do it.....or was it really her decision????