Serving Miss Sarah and The Girls
byoneguy4fun©

CHAPTER 1: THE ANNOUCNEMENT

Joe had never been so excited about attending a seminar before. His cock actually stirred when the seminar request form came back approved. You would have thought he was going to Hedonism or a sex seminar but reality was quite the opposite. He would be going to a boring accounting seminar. The seminar itself is not what excited Joe. He had his own agenda in mind when he submitted the request to his boss. The seminar was located in the Raleigh, North Carolina, which was where his online mistress lived. He had met her about a year ago in an adult chat room.

Joe was in his late 20's, very horny and often fantasized about being dominated by a Mistress. Sarah was similar in age, very dominant, and took great pleasure in sexually teasing and controlling other people. When they connected on line it was a perfect match. Their personalities and interests were a nice blend and so their online conversation flowed like old friends. It only took about 15 minutes before the two were engaged in virtual flirting and petting. Sarah's natural dominance took over and Joe eagerly fell into a submissive role. Another15 minutes later Sarah's fingers were drenched in her juices while Joe was stroking his cock and begging Sarah to let him cum. She finally allowed her virtual slave to cum, but only after he agreed to slide something up his ass.

Bound by some unknown force and desperate for release, Joe felt compelled to obey his mistress. He glanced around the room and his eyes locked in on a pen. Joe took the pen, bent over in front of the computer and gently eased the thin cylinder into his virgin ass. It was cool and smooth and Joe felt dirty and perverted at what his was doing. As instructed by his Mistress, he stroked his cock while he fucked his ass with the pen. Soon his body was alive with pleasure. His cock swelled and spasmed and he spurted hot cream all over the carpet.

That magical moment was the start of something special between Joe and Sarah. Unlike many online encounters that fizzle in a matter of days, Joe and Sarah continued to correspond with each other. With each e-mail, Sarah became more playful and dominant and Joe fell deeper into submission. Sarah was delighted that she crossed paths with Joe because she thrived on dominating and controlling men. Sarah's favorite domination play was feminizing men. She loved turning strong men into soft and pretty pets. Joe was no exception and was no match for her charm. She used her playful and seductive nature to assume control over Joe and start the feminization process.

Sarah thought it was cute how he resisted early on. He challenged her request for him to put on a pair of panties. Like so many clueless men before, she anticipated this resistance. She chuckled to herself and felt her pussy quiver, knowing that she would have her way. Typing quickly, she painted erotic and kinky images in Joe's mind. He was easily defeated once she had him edging close to orgasm. In his frazzled state of mind, he agreed to buy a pair of panties and wear them in order to please her.

Sarah remembers the first night he wore them for her. They chatted for 2 hours, or rather she seduced her pet to do many kinky things over the two hours. By the end of the night he was purring like a pretty kitten and again fucking his ass with a pen. Sarah's panties were drenched and her thighs were damp with excitement at the control she had over him. She had two orgasms before she finally let Joe cum into his panties while he fucked his "pussy" hole. After that night Sarah officially dubbed Joe as her pretty kitten.

After Joe had been broken in, things progressed steadily with his submission. Sarah required him to wear stockings and panties to work. She had him start signing his e-mails as Josie instead of Joe. She continually referred to his cock as a clittie. Eventually Joe followed suit and referred to his cock as a clittie also. Sarah was delighted in how she was able to mold his thinking through subtle references like that. Once he adopted the "clittie" terminology she immediately praised him for it and punished him if he ever slipped with the word cock.

After several months, Joe found himself regularly wearing panties and chatting online as Josie. Prior to meeting Sarah, the possibility of being feminized never occurred to him. He did it initially to amuse Sarah. He couldn't believe how excited she became when he wore panties and did humiliating things for her. Her excitement, dirty talk and sexy photos were rewards for his obedience. Like a happy kitten he continued to obey her and wear feminine items in order earn rewards.

Through this clever reward process, Sarah masterfully manipulated Joe into enjoying panties. Each time he slipped into the panties he could not help but get a hard-on. Sarah had conditioned him to enjoy the soft silky material and the thin thong rubbing his ass. She continually seduced him into a feminine frame of mine, making him imagine himself as her pretty French maid. Each time he dressed pretty for her, it became just slightly more acceptable in his mind. Soon Joe inadvertently found himself fantasizing about being a maid for Sarah. The fantasy seemed to recur more and more as time went by. It excited him and scared him.

Little by little Sarah chipped away at Joe's masculinity and his defenses. In an effort to gain more control over her pet, she tried to arrange a meeting or a phone call with Joe. He always respectfully declined. Sarah knew his resistance was not personal but because he was cautious and protective about his identity. He preferred to remain anonymous and a bit mysterious online. She could understand his feelings, especially under the circumstances in which they corresponded. Their online chats and e-mails were a web of kinky fantasies and erotic experiences that would make most men shrivel in embarrassment if exposed. Sarah knew that Joe would eventually break down.

It was late on a Wed night when Sarah received the e-mail from Joe announcing that he would be coming to her hometown. An audible and triumphant "Yes!" escaped from Sarah's lips.

Sarah quickly replied, "That's wonderful news kitten. I'm excited to finally meet my precious little girl. We will have so much fun together."

"Yes it is exciting. My seminar is Tuesday. Can we get together for dinner Tuesday night?"

"Dinner is definitely a go. When do you arrive angel? I'd like to see my pretty girl all femmed up as soon as possible."

Joe's cock twitched at the thought. He was arriving on Monday, but he did not want to reveal that to Sarah. It was his way of maintaining control. "Miss Sarah, I'm not sure about that. Can we just meet Tuesday night? We can have a nice dinner and talk and then see where it goes from there."

Sarah's mind was already filled with delicious ideas for dressing up her kitten and playing with her. There was no way they would just talk. Deep down Joe knew this to.

Sarah replied, "Don't be scared kitten. It's all just fantasy right? I've got lots of kinky chores for you to do princess."

"I'm just nervous. I'd rather just talk and hang out."

"Naughty Josie. Resisting me? I suppose I understand. You're a scared little kitten aren't you dear?"

Joe's cock was intensely hard. He was nervous and paranoid. He was glad that Sarah understood. "Yes, Miss Sarah, I am a little nervous."

"Hmmm. O.k. angel, but there will be rules. Panties are a must when you meet with me. Also, I want you to paint those pretty little toes for me. A nice deep red will do."

"Yes Miss S. Thank you."

"You know how I like my boys nice and soft and pretty. I expect your skin to be soft as a baby. Go buy some nice fragrance body lotion from Bed, Bath, and Beyond and start using it. Arms, legs, feet, chest, face and butt. I want them all soft and delicious smelling by the time you arrive. Apply the lotion every morning and every night."

"Yes Miss S. I will be soft and pretty for you."

"Your clittie is swollen right now isn't it kitten?"

"Yes."

"So weak. Stroke it for me. Just imagine how exciting it will be wearing panties when you first meet me. Maybe I'll think of something fun for you to do on your plane ride."

"Miss S, I'll do whatever you want. Please nothing too embarrassing," pleaded Joe.

"Isn't that what makes it so fun dear?"

"Ahh...I don't know. I'm not sure that I like being humiliated in public."

Sarah's pussy was on fire. She loved pushing her pet to his limits. "Well I like it and you want to please me don't you?"

"Yes."

"And you've liked everything you've done for me so far haven't you?"

"Yes." Joe knew she was leading him down a path where he was uncertain he wanted to go. She knew how to twist his thoughts and seduce him to do things he never imagined he would try. He was under her power and his hard cock was proof that he loved it.

Sarah kept leading him on, "Your clittie is swollen and drippy isn't it pretty?"

"Yes, Miss S. I'm so aroused right now."

"Me too Josie. I'm stroking my clittie with one hand while I'm typing this. Stroke yours with me dear. Just us two girls playing with ourselves. Stroke your clittie and tell me how hot it makes you to be humiliated for me."

Joe was teetering on the edge of orgasm. He stroked his cock and typed, "You're driving me crazy Miss Sarah. I love when you control me. I love to do humiliating things for you."

Joe was doing his best to hold back an orgasm. His body was full of life and excitement. All he cared about was pleasing his mistress so that he could experience a mind blowing orgasm. Sarah knew Joe's mindset. Like a tigress, she used his weak state of mind for her own pleasure.

"Do you want to cum? Do you want to humiliate yourself while you cum?"

"Yes, Miss Sarah. I will do anything you want."

"Good girl. Squeeze out some cum for me. Cover your pretty fingers in it."

Joe cupped one had under his cock and used his other hand to milk out some cum. It oozed all over his hand.

Miss Sarah was already typing the next command before Joe could reply. "My hands are all covered in girl cum just like your hands. I love the taste of girl cum. Mmmm. It tastes so good. Spread yours on your lips for me Josie. I know you want to taste it. You need to be teased first. Cover your lips in that sticky lipstick sweetie. Milk out some more if you need to."

Joe grew more excited at the thought of Miss Sarah sucking her own juices. He imagined he was her. Slowly his fingers spread the cum over his lips. He felt dirty and slutty. He wanted to lick his lips. Not because he wanted to taste his own cum. He knew he would be ashamed afterwards. He wanted to do it because he got off on the idea of being manipulated and humiliated by Miss Sarah.

Sarah ordered him to cover his fingers in more cum. Joe had no problem milking out more cum. He strained hard to keep himself from having an orgasm. While his fingers turned gooey, the next command came over his computer screen.

"Bend over my sweet slut and put those cum covered fingers into your ass. That's right sweetie, fuck your tight pussy with that little cum covered cock."

Joe bent forward and inserted a finger in his ass. He had done this before for Miss Sarah, but never when they were covered in cum. This variation made the act seem much more perverse and taboo. This is what made Joe crazy over Sarah. She always knew how to keep things new and exciting. Joe was beyond rational thinking. His eyes locked on the computer screen and like a puppet he obeyed the commands that poured down his computer screen.

"Fuck your pussy slut....... ....Get two cum covered fingers in there...... ......Push them in deep for me..... ....Yes....you are so dirty. Such a whore for me.... .....Stroke your clittie with your other hand..... .....That's it kitten. Purr for me while you play with your clittie and fuck your pussy hole."

Both of Joe's hands were covered in cum. He stroked his cock and fucked his ass. He felt his orgasm rising. There was no holding back. Miss Sarah's timing was perfect. Her message scrolled across the screen in large letters.

"CUM FOR ME PRETTY KITTEN. CUM WITH ME!!!"

Joe moaned and bucked. His cock swelled in his hand. He felt it pulse over and over as hot cum spurted over the carpet. Joe used a towel to clean his hands and then he typed, "That was incredible. Thank you Mistress."

"You're welcome Kitten. Can't wait to meet you."

CHAPTER 2: EROTIC TRAVELS

As promised, Miss Sarah had a clever idea in mind for his plane ride. She e-mailed him MP3 files to download and listen to as soon as his flight was underway. He was instructed to pack panties and no men's underwear. She also instructed him to bring in his carry-on, a butt plug, perfume, matching white panties, garter belt, and stockings.

Joe was relieved to finally board the plane. He was in an aisle seat and the other person in his row sat by the window, leaving the middle seat open. Now all he had to do was wait for take off and then immerse himself in his MP3 player. He was looking forward to listening to the MP3 files that he downloaded from Miss Sarah. He was sure they'd be full of wonderful surprises. As soon as the pilot gave the o.k. for electronic devices to be turned on, Joe switched on his MP3 player.

His ears were filled with the wonderful seductive voice of Miss Sarah. The sound of her voice caused his cock stir. Joe quickly covered his lap with an airline blanket to hide his excitement. Sarah's voice was soft and teasing.

"Hello Josie. I hope you made it through security o.k. with all your girly stuff and kinky toys . I'm very excited to meet you in person Kitten. You and I have a lot of catching up to do. Plane rides can be so boring but I'm going to make yours so much fun."

Joe's cock was fully erect. Miss Sarah's voice was mesmerizing. He continued to listen.

"Right now I'm completely naked except for a pair of fur lined panties. Mmmm. The fur feels so heavenly against my shaved pussy. I'm going to rub my hand over them while I think about you Josie."

Sarah's moans echoed through the headphones. Joe's cock throbbed harder as he imagined being there with her. Sarah continued to talk in whispers and moans.

"Maybe if you're a good girl, I'll let you try on some fur panties. Imagine the softness against your clittie Josie. Mmm. I bet your clittie is hard right now isn't it Josie? It's o.k. precious, let the arousal fill you. You are wearing pretty thong panties, aren't you sweetie? Of course you are. You wouldn't disobey me would you?

I bet the security guy got a laugh when you walked through the scanner. I'm sure he knew you were wearing girly panties like a good little sissy. It's o.k. baby girl. I know how much you enjoy the silk covering you're clittie.

Silk is so soft and sensuous on your body isn't it? I will have lots of silky things for you to wear. Mmmm, imagine me rubbing it all over you. Imagine being covered from head to toe in pretty silk lingerie. So soft..so pretty...so smooth against your skin. The silk is very exciting for you isn't it? Feel the silk of your panties covering your clittie. Mmmm, feel the silky thong tickling your ass. Mmmm. You crave its soft feel don't you precious? Imagine your legs being covered in soft girly stockings. Silk and stockings covering your pretty body. Yes, Josie, you will be my little slave girl won't you. It's time to give in to your deep desires Josie."

Joe was so drawn into Sarah's sensuous voice and moans that he forgot about his surroundings. Her soft tone was mesmerizing and hypnotic. His erotic senses came to life. His ass tingled and his cock was ready to burst through his pants. The more she talked about silk the more he wanted to wear it.

Sarah's voice continued, "You must embrace what excites you Josie. I have a special task for you to do right now. Take the pair of white panties, stockings, garter belt, perfume, and butt plug into the airplane bathroom. Strip down completely naked and then continue to play this file for you next orders. You may turn me off now while you gather your things. See you in the bathroom ."

Joe paused the MP3 player. His heart was beating nervously in his chest. He never imagined Miss Sarah would be toying with him like this on the airplane. He was excited to follow her orders. Joe blushed with embarrassment as he fished through his bag and pulled out the items he needed. He did his best to shield them for the guy sitting in his row. He discreetly put everything into a plastic grocery bag. Then he sat for a few minutes so that he could calm himself down.

Joe made his way to the back of the plane. Two stewardesses were sitting at their stations by the bathroom. Joe meekly smiled at them and then entered the bathroom. Joe was a tall guy and the bathroom was unbelievably small. Undressing was awkward, but he managed to do it.

He stood naked, except for his MP3 player. His cock was hard in anticipation of the perverted things he knew were going to happen. Joe was nervous knowing that the stewardesses were just inches from where he stood. He unpaused the player and after a few seconds, Sarah's voice was back.

"Kitten, I trust you are completely naked. Make sure your clittie is throbbing and hard. Give it a few strokes for me. This is the exciting part of your trip. It is time to leave all your boyish thoughts and tendencies behind. When you land in Raleigh, only Josie will exist. Raleigh is my territory and in my territory you belong to me. In my territory only Josie exists.

Think of this tight little bathroom as your transformation chamber. You entered as Joe but you will leave as Josie. The transformation has already begun hasn't it dear? You're already imagining what it's going be like to be my pretty plaything, aren't you? Yes Josie, I planted that seed in your delicate mind long ago. You've struggled with it, confused at your arousal and feminine desires. It's time to give into your deepest desires Josie. Miss Sarah knows what's best for you. It's time to surrender to that sweet sexy girl that I adore so much.

Josie, let's start by freshening up your transformation chamber. Spray your perfume a few times in the air so that everything smells nice and pleasant. I'm going to play with myself for a few seconds while you do this Josie."

Soft erotic moans echoed in Joe's ears as he retrieved the perfume bottle. Joe could not believe how excited and alive he felt at the moment. Sarah's voice was seductive and hypnotic. Joe felt as if she had climbed into his head and was reading his thoughts. Whenever he wore panties and did girly things for Miss Sarah, he felt ashamed with himself afterward. Yet, he always looked forward to his next adventure or assignment from Miss Sarah. He was 100% man, athletic and strong, but after meeting Miss Sarah he found himself fantasizing about being transformed into a pretty maid servant. These thoughts and emotions were hard for his male ego to accept.

Miss Sarah's sensual voice and manipulative words were no match for Joe's ego. He stood naked in the transformation chamber stroking his clittie and spraying perfume. He imagined himself transforming into Miss Sarah's servant girl.

Miss Sarah continued her mental assault on Joe's mind, "Close your eyes Josie. Breathe in the perfume. Inhale the feminine scent. It makes you feel pretty doesn't it Josie? It is nice to be pretty and happy. Let it fill your lungs and transform you into a pretty flower. It is so exciting to be a girl Josie. Mmmm. Soft skin....pretty smiles. We just love to wear sexy and silky lingerie, don't we?

Go ahead precious, indulge yourself. Slide on those pretty panties. Slide on those soft stockings. Do it slowly princess. Let the pretty material caress you and tease you. Mmmm. This is so exciting baby. I'm so close to cumming. Are you? Stroke your clittie with me."

Serving Miss Sarah and The Girls
byoneguy4fun©

Sarah went back to playing with herself so that Joe had time to follow her orders. Joe heard moans and breaths as he slid on a pair of white silk thong panties. The small silk triangle did little to cover his hard cock. He pulled them up tight, enjoying the feeling of the thong pushing into his ass. Slowly he slid the white stockings up each leg. The soft material sent shivers through his body as he inched it up his legs.

Joe continued to follow along as Sarah mentally transformed his mind.

"Mmm. I'm rubbing my clittie and playing with my tits Josie. Do it with me. Keep your clittie nice and wet and hard.....

Tease your nipples. Suck on your fingers Josie and get them nice and wet. That's it baby. Now gently play with your nipples.....ooooh feels so nice, doesn't it?

You want me to touch them don't you? Feel how sensitive they are now that you've unlocked the pretty girl in you. Say it out loud dear. Say it with me...'my girl nipples are sensitive....my girl nipples are sensitive.'

...Mmm...Don't you feel how long and erect they are? Now rub your breasts with me Josie. Yes, you have nice soft breasts....cup them....squeeze them....ooohhh...it feels so nice. Imagine them getting larger...I can't wait to see them.

Bend over sweetie and rub that tight girl ass. It's so soft. Spread those cheeks for me baby. Spread them nice and wide. Do you feel your pussy stretching? It feels so empty, so desperate to be filled, so desperate to be fucked. Say it with me Josie. My pretty pussy needs to be fucked. Say it out loud. I want to be fucked in my pussy. Say it again baby and I might let you cum Stroke your clittie with me.

Ooohh good girl. I know how desperate you are precious. I won't keep you waiting. Lube up that plug for me. Get it nice and wet. Hurry now Josie, it's time for you to enter the mile high club ."

Joe was consumed with arousal. He was completely under Miss Sarah's spell. He desperately wanted to please and obey her. When he first entered the bathroom he wondered how far he would go with the fantasy. He never predicted he would get so hot and excited. He couldn't believe that he was imagining himself as a girl. The perfume, the panties, the stockings, and Miss Sarah's constant girlish references were consuming him and weakening him. Josie was emerging in full force.

He knew the butt plug would be his breaking point. It was the one kinky indulgence that defeated his male pride early on. After Miss Sarah introduced him to this forbidden pleasure, he never turned back. No matter how macho and manly he tried to be, he could not resist the pleasures of playing with his ass. Joe's ass pulsed and quivered in anticipation as he lubed up the plug and listened to Sarah.

"I remember when I joined the mile high club. Mmm..my boyfriend Neil snuck into the bathroom with me. He was wearing panties just like you. My pretty little Nellie bent me over and fucked me from behind. Mmmm...I let him be the man. He was aggressive and strong. He made me scream with delight.

Oh, but you are so fragile and feminine. You are my little girl Josie. I want you to experience it just like me. Are you bending over sweetie?

Go ahead darling, spread those pretty legs. Imagine that you are me, excited to be fucked. Push that cock into your pussy darling. Don't be shy. Push it in deep. Ohhh yeah..baby. Stroke your clittie...fuck yourself....mmmm..so naughty....so dirty..slutty little girl....yes...yes..."

Intense pleasure resonated through Joe as the plug filled his ass. The plug was slippery and rubbery. Its fullness brought tears of pleasure to his eyes. Joe imagined Sarah behind him, fucking him with a strap-on. He stroked his cock with one hand and pressed the plug in and out of his ass with his other hand. The pleasure was overwhelming. His balls ached for release. Joe knew that he was too weak to hold back. Fortunately Miss Sarah exploded into an orgasm and gave Joe permission to cum.

Sarah screamed in erotic moans, "Cum for me Josie!! Cum with me....Ohh....yes...fill that toilet with your cum...."

Joe pointed his cock down at the small toilet and humped his hand. His orgasm was long and intense. When he was finished a pool of cum formed in the bottom of the toilet. Sarah had a wonderful plan in mind for his cum.

"Josie..wow. That was so hot sweetie. I wish I was there with you baby girl. Mmm. My furry panties are all drenched with my juices. I'll save them for you Josie...a little reward for your induction into the mile high club my slutty lesbian slave . Your transformation is almost complete. The last thing that remains is that nasty cum. Yes, that is all that is left of the boy in you. I want you to flush it away Josie...flush that last bit of manhood away. Go ahead Josie do it now."

Joe flushed the toilet and watched his manliness get sucked out into the air. His stomach knotted in a strange way at the symbolic nature of what he just did.

Sarah's voice continued right on cue, "Good girl Josie. Can you feel the changes already? Do you feel pretty and delicate. You are my precious little slave girl. Your transformation is now complete. Get dressed and return to your seat. Leave the plug in your pussy as a reminder of your submission to me. Remember you are all girl now dear, so keep that clittie pushed between your pretty thighs. We must not have any unsightly bulges.

Before you leave, spray your perfume a few times so that the next person knows what a sissy you are. Make sure a few drops land on you dear. I want you marked with that pretty scent. When you are back in your seat start playing the next audio file that I sent you."

Joe was slowly shaking off his erotic haze. He looked at his watch and realized he had been in the bathroom for about 15 minutes. He was certain the stewardesses would be wondering what he was doing in the bathroom so long. He had been so lost in Sarah's words and commands that he did not know if he moaned loudly when he had an orgasm. Joe wondered if anybody outside the bathroom heard him.

Quickly he put on his pants and shirt. Fear of embarrassment made him not want to spray the perfume. He hated that Miss Sarah made him do these things but he felt compelled to obey her. He loved that she had this power over him. Joe did as instructed, making sure at least one spritz of the perfume landed on his neck.

He exited the bathroom and glanced over at the stewardesses who were busy with their own conversation. Although they did not know what went on in the bathroom, Joe's face flushed in embarrassment. Joe sat back in his seat and sat in silence for a few minutes. He thought about everything that had happened so far. Joe knew he was losing control of the situation. He had not even landed in NC and Miss Sarah had already gotten into his mind. He didn't know if that was a good or bad thing.

Mentally he was accepting his transformation and wanting to be under Miss Sarah's control. Miss Sarah was incredibly hot and Joe was thrilled to please her, knowing that it would lead to awesome sexual fun. However, a small part of him wanted to regain control and take things slowly. He wondered if he could put the brakes on the feminization side of things and still score some fun with Sarah. He was having fun, but he was a man and not a sissy. Contradicting thoughts swirled around in Joe's mind. He was not sure what to do. Finally he stopped thinking about it and decided he would figure it all out when he got back to the hotel room.

Joe put on his headphones and played the second file that Miss Sarah sent him. Her voice came on immediately. "Josie, I'm so proud that you have joined the mile high club, just like I did. I love how that slutty side of you comes out when you slide on a nice silky pair of panties. I have many panties and sexy lingerie for you to try on over the next few days. We are going to have so much fun!

Josie, I have a special treat for you now. Ayla has joined me. She is wearing a short silk night gown. It's white silk and her nipples are pointing straight out. Mmm. I can't wait to touch them. She looks so hot."

Joe's cock twitched as he imagined Ayla together with Sarah. Sarah had often talked about Ayla in her e-mails to Joe. His cock swelled even though it was trapped between his legs. Joe shifted in his seat to try and get comfortable. He wished he could let his cock grow to its full size.

Joe could hear the girls kissing. The erotic sounds were exciting him.

Ayla chimed in with a deep sexy voice. "Hello Josie. Sarah has told me all about your transformation. I'm excited to meet you. Sarah says you're quite the princess."

Sarah giggled and then said, "Yes you are princess. Imagining you all femmed up and smelling pretty in your seat has got me all worked up Josie. Too bad you're not here to lick my pussy. I know how much you crave to taste pussy. Mmm..maybe I'll let you have a taste when we are together."

Joe's mouth was watering at the thought. He wished he was with Sarah and Ayla. Ayla offered up her services, "Sarah's pussy is so delicious. I'll just have to take care of her until you get here Josie."

Joe heard the sound of Ayla moving into position. Then Sarah's voice came through, "Josie, sit back and enjoy the sounds of Ayla and me having fun. See you when you arrive."

Playful, erotic moans echoed into the head phones. For the remainder of the flight Joe listened to Sarah and Ayla teasing and playing with each other. There were lots of giggles, whispers, and moans. The sounds were erotic and primal and they absorbed Joe into a fantasy world. He closed his eyes and visualized the sounds that he was hearing. He imagined Sarah and Ayla kissing and licking each other. Joe could feel his cock pulsing between his legs as his arousal took over his body.

By the time the plane landed, Joe was overcome with horniness. He could feel wetness in the crotch of his panties from the small amount of cum that leaked from his cock. Joe was glad that Miss Sarah made him push his cock between his legs like a clittie. Otherwise he would have an embarrassing erection walking of the plane.

When the plane wheels touched down it jolted Joe from his fantasy world. He was disappointed that he had to turn off the erotic sounds. He walked off the plane dazed from all the stimulation. His entire body tingled with excitement, which heightened his senses. He was very aware of the soft panties rubbing along his ass crack and the feminine stockings stretching over his legs. The butt plug pushed slightly in and out of his ass with each step. His cock was pushed back between his legs but was still trying to swell and grow. As he walked his inner thighs grazed the sides of his semi-swollen cock, causing him to shiver in pleasure.

Joe's heart thumped excitedly in his chest from all the stimulation. All he could think about was being with Miss Sarah and serving her and pleasing her. He almost wished he made arrangements to meet her as soon as he arrived. He wanted to maintain some level of control but in his current state of arousal all he could think about was how exciting it would be for Miss Sarah to rule over him.

Joe was so lost in a daydream that he almost walked right past a sign with his last name on it. Had it not been for the tall leggy brunette that caught his attention, he would have walked right by. She was smiling and holding the sign. Joe was not expecting arranged transportation so he approached her with surprise.

"Hi. That's me," he said pointing to the sign.

The brunette warmly welcomed him, "Great. My name is Sherri and I'll be taking you to your hotel."

Sherri crumpled the sign and dropped into the trash. Without the sign Joe had a full view of his chauffer. She wore a white blouse with a pinstriped skirt suit. Her hair cascaded down to her shoulders in long curly waves. The skirt was almost too short for business. She had a look that was professional yet sexy. She was definitely a tease that drew in attention.

Joe silently joked to himself that he had to thank his secretary for the sexy transportation arrangements. Joe followed Sherri through the airport.

Sherri asked, "Did you have a pleasurable flight?"

Joe chuckled to himself at her choice of words. If only she knew how pleasurable, he thought. "Yes, it was very nice."

"Fantastic. You are the last of my passengers to arrive so we can get on the road right away."

"Oh. Are there others riding with me?"

Joe was thrilled to see Sheri walk over to a white stretch limousine. He would be riding in style. Sherri held open the door. "There are just a few others in there. I'm sure you'll enjoy the ride with them."

CHAPTER 3: MEETING THE GIRLS

The first thing Joe noticed when he ducked to enter the limousine, was a pair of sexy tan legs that disappeared into pink furry heels. As he made his way inside, more legs greeted him. He quickly glanced at the three other passengers as he took a seat on the far side of the limo. A blond and brunette sat in the back seat of the limo. On each side of the limo, leather seats stretched from front to back. Joe sat on one side and opposite him sat another girl. The limousine was filled with various perfume smells.

Joe felt lucky to be sharing the limo with three beautiful women. As he situated himself he was trying to think of something clever to say to the women. However, his thoughts froze when the silence was broken by two words.

"Hello kitten," said the girl in the pink furry heels.

Joe's heart pounded in his chest as he directed his eyes to where the voice came from. Her hair was straight with a whitish blonde color, just like the picture she had sent him. Her lips were glistening in a deep red color. They were sexy and delicious. Joe's mind melted at how hot she looked. She wore a baby tee that clung tightly to her curvy breasts and exposed her flat stomach. Day after day of dancing and seducing men had created a tight and well toned body. Joe was impressed at her shapely legs and arms. They were strong but soft. Her body was the perfect balance of fit and feminine.

In disbelief Joe muttered, "Miss Sarah, what are you doing here?"

The girls in the limo giggled at how Joe addressed Sarah. Joe blushed in embarrassment, realizing he was the center of attention.

Miss Sarah firmly replied, "Is that anyway to greet your Mistress?"

Joe blushed even more, unsure if the other two women were with Sarah or just strangers witnessing his scolding.

Still in shock at Sarah's presence, Joe fumbled his words, "I'm sorry. I just didn't know...I didn't expect you to be here. How did you know when I was arriving?"

Miss Sarah crossed her legs and titled her head with a look of superiority. "You underestimate me kitten. Did you really think I could wait until dinner tomorrow to meet you? I own you. You are my pretty girl, my kitten to play with. The minute you stepped on that plane you became my sissy slave. Tell all the girls what you are wearing dear."

Joe's heart pounded faster. He knew Miss Sarah was referring to his panties and stockings. He did not want to reveal this to the other women but he knew he must obey. Meekly he replied, "I am wearing panties."

The two girls giggled. Miss Sarah was not satisfied with his quiet response. "Louder Josie. I want the driver to hear you. Describe your panties."

Joe knew that Miss Sarah was enjoying his embarrassment. His cock throbbed between his legs at her dominance. Joe loudly said, "I am wearing a pretty white silk thong."

"And what else princess? What other girly things are you wearing?"

Joe figured the girls were in on it, but he imagined the driver was thinking he was such a pervert. Still blushing Joe said, "I have a white garter belt and matching white stockings."

The girl sitting opposite him said, "Oooh. That sounds sexy. I think you should show them to us."

Sarah pointed to the floor. "Kneel," she ordered.

Joe was still taking in the situation as he kneeled. The girl across from him had an exotic and sexy look. She was tall and leggy. Joe was mesmerized by her dark and sultry eyes. Joe recognized her from a picture that Miss Sarah had sent him. Sarah had written about Ayla in many of her e-mails. Through tidbits of information from many e-mails, Joe had learned much about Ayla. Sarah and her were close and had many intimate and erotic adventures together.

Like Sarah, Ayla was also dominate. Together they would tease and torment Sarah's boyfriend Neil, whom they referred to as Nellie in his feminized state. Joe enjoyed it when Sarah recounted their naughty fun in her e-mails. He would imagine himself as Nellie, dressed in panties or a French maid outfit and serving the two beautiful mistresses. It seemed that Nellie was constantly servicing their pussies and this thrilled Joe. Every time Joe read about these experiences he was left fully aroused, envious of Nellie, and even a little jealous at how lucky Nellie was. Today However, Joe was the lucky one. He was the one kneeling before the beautiful Goddesses.

Sarah leaned forward and inhaled. "Oohh. You smell so pretty Josie. Good to see you followed my directions. I bet everyone on the plane knew you were a sissy once they smelled the pretty perfume."

More giggles erupted from the girls. Sarah ordered Joe to remove his shoes, shirt, and pants. He obeyed willingly and was left blushing in his panties, stockings, and garter. His cock was still trapped back between his legs by the tight panties. He was so excited that he could feel it trying to swell and break free. He was glad when Miss Sarah slid his panties down to free his cock. Joe's cock immediately sprang to life.

Miss Sarah commented, "My, oh my. A little excited aren't we? You're clittie didn't waste anytime swelling up did it?"

Despite his hard cock, Joe felt very emasculated being displayed in front of the girls in his feminine attire. Miss Sarah pulled his panties back up snug against his balls. Joe had a slim body and was built well. His cock was thick and hard. About half of his shaft spilled out of the panties. Miss Sarah was very pleased at how the soft, luxurious panties contrasted against his muscular legs. He had a dark tan, which mad the white panties look even sexier. The shiny panties hugged his shaft tightly, creating a silk bulge that grabbed everyone's attention. His hard chest was delightful to look at. Sarah could not wait to see it draped in silky lingerie. Before the end of the ride she would make it happen.

After Miss Sarah took in the sight of her sissy slut she said, "Very sexy Josie. Seeing you like this is making me so hot but we still have much work to do."

Sarah handed Ayla a large tube of lotion and said, "Girls, I think Josie's skin needs to be softened up a bit more. Will you do the honors?"

"It will be our pleasure," responded Ayla, speaking for both herself and the girl sitting next to Miss Sarah.

Joe recognized the other girl as Julie. Julie was the newest of the trio. The story of how Sarah and Ayla met Julie was one of Joe's favorites. They were shopping for lingerie and Julie was the lucky sales girl who waited on them. Sarah and Ayla had managed to seduce her and talk her into fingering herself while they tried on clothes. The image of this innocent salesgirl being corrupted and seduced by Alya and Sarah drove Joe wild. He fantasized many times that he was in the store with Ayla and Sarah watching them work their seductive magic on Julie.

The most thrilling part of the adventure is that it did not end that day. Julie soon experienced the pleasure of licking Sarah and Ayla's pussies. It was her first experience with another woman. The experience proved to be mind blowing for Julie. Through future correspondence with Miss Sarah, Joe learned that Julie fell into the role of Miss Sarah and Ayla's submissive slave and plaything. Again he felt envious and jealous at how lucky Julie was for the attention she received from these beautiful Goddesses.

Julie kneeled on one side of Joe and Ayla kneeled on the other side. Joe felt very submissive surrounded by the three beautiful women. He could not believe he was kneeling before them, dressed from the waist down like a woman. He was even wearing perfume and a butt plug. Joe had dressed in panties and a butt plug many times for Miss Sarah but this time it was much different. This time he was physically in the presence of not only Miss Sarah, but two other women. Previously it was all still a fantasy to Joe. His mind was now floating in ecstasy as the reality of his predicament closed in around him.

Together Julie and Ayla massaged the creamy lotion into Joe's skin. They gently massaged the cool cream over his long muscular arms. Joe thought they must have practiced, because each one took an arm and moved in perfect unison as they massaged in the cream. Joe's mind drifted into subspace as the girls rubbed the lotion over his body.

Miss Sarah commented on the scent. "Doesn't the lotion smell pretty? It's Peony, one of my favorite floral scents."

Ayla and Julie worked their way onto his chest. "This is such a pretty scent. You are going to smell so feminine Josie," said Ayla.

Joe enjoyed the lotion being rubbed over his chest and nipples. Right on cue both girls pinched Joe's nipples. Joe flinched and the girls giggled. "Such sensitive nipples," remarked Julie.

They massaged the top of his legs and then moved around to his butt. Both girls took great pleasure in squeezing and massaging Joe's ass. Their attention on his ass was causing his butt plug to jiggle and stir up even more arousal within Joe. Each girl finished with a few strokes of his cock using a generous amount of lotion. Joe was completely aroused and on edge when they finished.

"Did you enjoy the pampering," asked Sarah.

"Yes, Miss Sarah."

"Us girls love to be pampered, don't we? Come closer princess and take off my panties."

Joe was overjoyed at her request. He was dying to see her pussy. He was hungry for its taste. Joe reached up under her skirt and slid off the small slinky panties. Sarah crossed her legs before he could get a good look at her pussy.

"Do you want to taste my pussy?"

"Yes. Please."

"Of course you do slut. Hand me the panties."

Joe handed Sarah the panties and she slid them over his head. She made sure the crotch covered his nose and mouth. She knew they were wet from her arousal. She knew that every breath Joe would take would be filled with the smell of what he desperately desired. He was drifting deeper into subspace and transforming into her docile slave girl. Sarah's pussy grew hotter as she stared at her slave kneeling before her.

Sarah laughed. "That is the closest you are going to get to my pussy tonight slave. You have not earned the privilege to worship my pussy yet. Of course, Julie and Ayla have full access rights."

Sarah slid her legs up onto the seat so that she was lying across it. Ayla moved in between her legs and began to orally pleasure Sarah. Julie kneeled between Joe and Sarah and began to kiss Sarah and play with her nipples. Julie was wearing a skirt with no panties, giving Joe a clear view of her ass. She was kneeling with her legs spread slightly. Her swollen pussy lips hung down like a flower waiting to be plucked. Joe wanted to reach down and touch her, kiss her, and lick away the dampness between her legs. It was tempting but he knew it was forbidden fruit, at least for the moment. All he could do was kneel and peek through the panty crotch which was covering his face, to see the spectacular show before him.

Joe stroked his cock while he watched the girls ravish each others bodies. His breathing became heavier and the more he breathed the more he inhaled Sarah's wonderful scent. Her smell filled him and became a part of him. He stroked and inhaled. He stroked and watched. He watched as they kissed, fondled, and sucked each other. Their moans and grunts were full of wild abandon and erotic ecstasy. The limousine filled with the smell of female sex. One-by-one their bodies erupted into orgasmic bliss. Then they shared one last satisfying kiss and turned their attention back to Joe.

Joe's stopped stroking once all eyes were on him. His cock twitched on its own. His balls were tight and aching for release. The butt plug tickled his insides in a torturous erotic way. His panties were wet from his own excitement.

Ayla was the first to speak. "Look Sarah, little Josie has wet her panties."

The girls giggled and Joe blushed in shame once again. Sarah sat up on the seat and rubbed her foot over Joe's cock. "Is all this excitement too much for you," mocked Sarah in tender teasing voice.

Sarah continued to rub her foot along his hard shaft. He started to move his hips, humping her foot. Sarah teased him until she was sure he was close to cumming. Then she removed her foot from his crotch.

Sarah ordered, "Take those wet panties off precious. I have something much sexier for you to wear. You will be wearing lots and lots of pretty lingerie and outfits for us this weekend Josie."

"You'll be like our little dress up doll," giggled Julie.

Joe was excited at the thought. His male pride had vanished the moment he fell under the spell of the three Goddesses. He was enslaved by their charm and sexiness. He felt privileged to be in their presence, even if it meant being a dress up doll. He would do whatever it took to continue to experience the arousal he was feeling at the moment.

Sarah held up a sheer pink teddy. It had frilly red and whit lace along the edges. The girls helped Joe change into the teddy and admired their baby doll. Joe was now experiencing what he feared all along. He was crossing the line into the sissy world.

He could deal with wearing panties and stockings. To him that was innocent fun. Many guys fantasized about wearing panties and being a panty slut. However, now he was wearing lingerie and he guessed that a bra would be in his near future. He was being transformed into a sissy and he knew it. He knew it but he could not stop it. Deep down he had already surrendered to the girls. In fact, his biggest fear was turning into his biggest pleasure. He enjoyed the attention he was getting. He enjoyed how the soft lacey material hugged his cock and rubbed over his nipples. He drifted deeper into subspace.

Sarah handed Joe a small box with a pink ribbon. "I bought a special gift for you Josie."

Joe opened the box to find a pink furry collar. It matched Miss Sarah's furry heels. A purple metal heart shaped tag hung for the collar. On it was inscribed 'Miss Sarah's Kitten.' Miss Sarah put the collar around Joe's neck.

"The pink fur looks so adorable on you kitten. Now everyone will know you are my pretty kitten. Do you like your collar kitten," asked Miss Sarah.

Having the collar placed around his neck gave Joe a deep feeling of being owned. It was a thrilling emotion. In a dazed state he replied, "Yes, Miss Sarah."

All the girls adored how cute it looked on Josie.

Miss Sarah ordered, "Purr for me kitten,"

Joe had purred for Miss Sarah many times in e-mails and online chat. It was fun and easy to write the words. Now he felt silly kneeling in front of the girls purring like a kitten. He let out a strange purrrr.

The girls laughed and Joe blushed. "You'll have to work on that Josie," laughed Miss Sarah. "Did you bring me a gift?"

"Yes. Of course Miss Sarah. It's in my bag."

Sarah pressed a button on the console next to her. A few second later, Sherri's voice came through an intercom, "Yes Ma'am. How can I help you?"

"Sherri, please pull over. We need to get something out of Josie's bag, which is in the trunk."

"Yes Ma'am. I'll retrieve it right away for you."

"That won't be necessary. Just pop the trunk and Josie will get it."

Joe looked up in fear at Sarah. "Miss Sarah I can't go out there dressed like this."

"Oh but you will dear. I want my gift now."

"Please don't make me go out in public like this," pleaded Joe.

All three girls were thrilled to see Joe cowering before them. Miss Sarah's voice remained pleasant and calm. "Josie, honey. You need to get comfortable with your feminine side. This will be a good start. You don't know anyone around here and we are on the side of a highway. The cars are going so fast they probably won't even notice you."

Joe did not want to leave the comfort of the limousine but Miss Sarah would not take no for answer. She practically pushed him out of the limousine. Joe quickly ran to the trunk in nothing but a teddy. He wished he could grab his bag and run back inside. However, Miss Sarah made it clear that he had to bring back only the gift. It was her devilish way of keeping him exposed in public.

Joe fished through his bag quickly. One car beeped and he heard someone whistle at him. Finally he found the gift and ran back into the car. The girls applauded him for a job well done when he stepped inside. He was rewarded with a shower of kisses and several strokes of his cock. Once his arousal was back in full force Joe thought to himself, 'that was not too bad.'

Joe handed the small box to Sarah. Sarah was delighted to find a gold necklace inside the box. She immediately put the necklace on and complimented Josie on his gift. Then she asked, "What about Ayla and Julie? Do you get them a gift?"

Joe stuttered, "Uh...no. I..I didn't know they would be here."

"Well it's not very fair if I get a gift and they don't, is it?"

"No," replied Joe with his eyes cast down.

Miss Sarah buzzed the driver again. "Sherri, my precious little kitten here wants to buy some gifts for us. Please find a jewelry store to stop at."

"That's nice ma'am. There's one just up the street."

"Perfect," exclaimed Sarah. Then she turned her attention to Joe. "Sherri was a great find Josie. She's a hot little number isn't she? I saw you drooling over her when she escorted you to the limo."

"Yes, she is pretty," commented Joe.

Sarah explained more about Sherri, "Ayla and I were with a few other girls at a bachelor party and Sherri was our limo driver. She drove us from strip to strip club all night. Of course as the night went on we all got hornier and just had to have a little fun of our own. It didn't take much to coax Sherri into the back of the limo with us."

Ayla added, "Mmmm she was such a fun girl to play with. Her pussy was drenched by the time we stripped her down."

"Oh yes, we did strip her," said Sarah. "We even made her drive naked for the rest of the night. She has a smoking hot body Josie. You would just love it! Maybe if you're a good little princess for me, I'll strip her down in front of you. You would like that wouldn't you sweetie?"

"Yes Mistress," replied Joe with excitement in his voice.

Miss Sarah just laughed. The limo parked in front of a Jewelry store.

Ayla asked in a devilish tone, "ready to take us shopping kitten?"

Joe looked at Sarah with a panicked look. He could not handle going into a store dressed in only a teddy.

"Look. Poor kitty is so scared she's practically shaking." Miss Sarah patted his head. "You don't have to come with us precious but I will need this. She held up his wallet which she had pulled from his pants pocket.

Joe did not argue with Miss Sarah. Joe was not one to part with his money easily but under the circumstances it was the lesser of two evils. Sarah smiled knowing that she had the upper hand. It was a smile filled with power and omnipotence that made Joe quiet and humble in her presence. Sarah's pussy was dripping wet at the control she was having over Joe. With his wallet in her possession she gained so much more power and authority over him. She was keeper of his money now. She would decide how it would be spent for the remainder of the trip.

"Sit tight Josie. We'll be right back."

As the girls climbed out of the limo with Joe's wallet, Joe fell deeper into sub space. A few hours earlier he was contemplating how to maintain some level of control with Sarah. These were naive thoughts. In less than an hour Miss Sarah's manipulative mind and feminine powers pushed Joe into a completely submissive state of mind. He was under he spell, ready to do anything she wanted. 