The Mistress of Holt House
bySputnik57©

As we all aware, the world in the 1880's was a very different place. Though a great era in the advancement of industry and technology for mankind in general; for womankind the world was much as before. It was still considered that females should 'know their place'- somewhere beneath the male. For some women though, this could never be.

Percy Blandish-Wright was typical of Victorian upper-middle class gentlemen. He owned his own building and textiles business with his own small army of tradesman at his beck and call, each individual paid just enough to keep them alive but never enough to keep them happy. Business was booming and today he had an appointment at a large Georgian residence on the outskirts of town; 'Rendelsham'; Holt House.

He stepped from the carriage and passed through the impressive gateway between two white pillars and ascended the marble stairs to the front door and pulled the bell lever. He had a rudimentary scrape of the sole of his boot on the foot-scraper, and looked up and around the grandiose whitewashed building as he awaited the response. A smartly appointed maid in a starched uniform pulled back the heavy front door. He puffed himself up arrogantly before he spoke.

"Morning, Percy Blandish-Wright; Is Mr Rendlesham available? He has required my presence." The maid smirked slightly at the approach of the pompous male, and at his assumption that a 'Mr' should be head of household.

"Miss Rendlesham is expecting you; she is Mistress of Holt House, the request for your services will have come from her. Please come in." The portly gentleman coughed in a slightly irritated fashion; his flabby jowls flapped as he did so. Like most businessman of that era he was unaccustomed to speaking directly to women unless they had been introduced by their masters. He had rarely discussed business directly with women; on the few occasions he had, they had been elderly widows. He was led into a drawing room by the servant, where he expected to be confronted by a vinegary old maid. He was quite taken aback by the presence of the woman who awaited him.

Miss Marcia Rendlesham was a very prim and shapely woman, her tightly corseted bodice accentuated her full breasts, and her tight blouse buttoned at the collar was complemented by a black choker with cameo about her feminine neck. She was resplendent with bustle under her long velvety skirt. Her face was worthy of any music hall or opera starlet, and her warm brown hair was neatly tied in a bun. Though obviously in her late forties at least, she was every inch the picture of womanly perfection in the eyes of any male. How could this creature possibly have remained a 'Miss'? He thought to himself. Nonetheless, as a woman she would be easily swayed into agreeing to no end of superfluous work -- or so he thought.

He was ushered into a maroon chesterfield and she sat opposite, her piercing blue eyes surveying the bumbling male before her. It rankled with her that in this age of progress within the many booming industries, there were never any females to converse with when requesting necessary services. For his part, the meeting was a strangely sobering experience, he did not understand quite why, but he felt humbled by this woman. Even her maid seemed to ooze certain contempt for him as she served the tea to them both. He soon found that she was not to be fobbed off with agreeing to any work not specifically required. She would also remain in residence whilst the majority of the work on the required extension was carried out. It was apparent she would wish to keep her eye on the progression of the work and would not tolerate any attempt to prolong it and thus extend the cost.

After some studied deliberation and inspection of his estimates in which he was made to feel very small indeed, they agreed on the cost. The work would commence tomorrow and he bade her good day and felt himself hurrying down the steps on the way out. He glanced back at the house and wiped the perspiration from his neck; he'd done good business, but would not want to cross that woman in a hurry. As he climbed back into the waiting carriage the horse relieved itself, as though sensing his anxiety. They pulled away leaving a steaming pile as testament to the visit.

Within a fortnight the ground work and main structure had been added to the house; having been plastered it was now down to the decorators, carpenters and finishers to make their completions. The situation was a hive of gossip amongst the tradesman who readily extolled the virtues of the beautiful mistress of the house who regularly made her presence felt. Some had purposely not applied themselves in producing their best quality work simply so she would question them about it to ensure whatever inadequacy was made good; such was the thrill of engaging this siren in conversation.

He had many aspirations as a working man, though of humble origins he had an artistic flair, and had spent a great deal of time in London's museums and galleries taking in the works of many famous artists, architects and writers. He had expressed himself down by the Thames embankment in chalks and pastels on the cold grey paving stones and had received much acclaim from those who had witnessed his work; particularly those upper middle class people who liked to promenade there. Unbeknown to him, it was likely he had a far greater knowledge of art than did they, though he accepted their praise and the few extra coppers. He particularly enjoyed the praise received from some of the ladies; especially those who were well spoken and confident in manner, and who towered over him as he knelt. He was not really sure why, but these sort of women strongly appealed to him.

He had been engaged by Blandish-Wright as a decorator initially, and he had noted his artistic talent. He now earned the odd extra shilling where some artistic finishing was required. His fat employer had managed to convince Miss Rendlesham of the need for a little of this, knowing his pavement artist may encourage her to request even more. This would also suit the artist as his love of literature meant he had to find extra money in order to acquire copies of the latest books he's read or heard about , some of which were regarded as somewhat risqué and did not come cheap, even when second or third hand. He had heard of a book called 'Venus in Furs' and knew this would be both hard to come by, and expensive in any condition.

He was hard at work in the extension, applying the base emulsions to the walls; the plaster now nicely dry, he glanced through the window at the sun drenching the fine gardens and had a moment of grandeur fantasy. He imagined being at home in this house and enjoying the company of women there. He was just beginning to venture into a more carnal dream when he was rudely interrupted.

"This is the man I told you about; he will prove his worth when the basic decoration has dried." He removed his painter's cap and stared into the eyes of the Mistress of Holt House for the first time. He was immediately struck by her commanding presence without her uttering a word, though the warmth of her smile made him feel at ease. Even so he subconsciously accepted that she would be very much in control.

Though he was very modernistic and progressive in outlook, this was still an era whereby a working man was supposed to know his place, and this eased the situation for him. She inhaled sharply before she spoke, suspecting she would be more than happy to make the acquaintance of the male before her.

"Mr Blandish-Wright has shown me some examples of your work from his portfolio; I am sure I will be very pleased with your work. You won't mind if I come and watch you from time to time, will you?" He would be delighted.

"I really wouldn't mind at all; it would be a pleasure." He said, being sure to pronounce each word as delicately as he could. She gave him an interesting smile and grasped his hand in acknowledgment; he squeezed it gently, and she and his fat master moved on. He inhaled deeply to keep the scent of her with him for as long as possible. She glanced back as he did so, making him feel foolish, though she smiled again reassuringly.

He attended his duties each weekday and commenced his artistic tasks toward the end of the week; carefully hand painting swirls and small motifs at various points. He and a contemporary worked alone in one of the large rooms of the extension; at the appointed time, the other retrieved his hat and bade him farewell till after dinner break. This was fifteen minutes longer than the 30 minutes allowed lesser tradesmen, as 'Finishers' were considered halfway to becoming craftsmen. As his associate left he felt the waft of the door swinging behind him, no sooner had he left than he felt the waft from the door once more; he assumed the tradesman had forgotten something, and then he noticed the sweet scent. He turned on his knees to see Miss Rendlesham stood before him, looking radiant in a purple dress and blouse. She wore a contented smile.

"So, I have you alone at last , I do so like to watch you work and it's so much nicer when no-one else is here to eavesdrop. You can tell me all about you now, without worrying about anything being passed on. Mr Blandish-Wright tells me you like to 'Scribble chalk pictures on footpaths' at weekends; I don't think he fully appreciates or approves of the Passions of a pavement artist the way I would, for instance." She stood with her hands on her hips, her knee visibly to one side beneath her flowing skirts in a way which would have been considered very Avant garde for a Victorian woman in any situation, never mind alone with an unrelated male. He found her very exciting indeed and he sensed she knew this already. He summoned up the courage to respond to this vivacious woman.

"I've always had an interest in the arts, and find the embankment is a way to experiment at low cost and obtain the opinions of a mixed audience first hand. Though it may be perceived as a form of 'begging' by some, the small amounts of change I receive in appreciation of my work allows me to purchase books by contemporary writers." This made her raise an eyebrow provocatively and she placed a hand on his shoulder.

"What sort of contemporary literature do you like to read?" She smirked in a subtle way as he blushed visibly and struggled to think of something recent which would not offend a lady; the little he knew of the lurid book by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch taunted him as he his brain whirred... Dostoyevsky!

"Err... The Brothers Karamazov is one I've finished recently." He stuttered out attempting to appear nonchalant. She smiled knowingly at him.

"I'm sure someone as obviously artistic as you have read many books of a more exciting content. I'm sure you will tell me about those at some other time." The fact that she had said 'some other time' made him tingle, as it seemed she were intent on speaking to him again. This thought kept haunting him through the days.

Saturday came and warm sunshine bathed the artists as they applied their talent to the flagstones above the Thames. He had drawn her in pastels from memory and he had her depicted in a romantic style against a backdrop of fountains. The work received much acclaim from passers-by as they enjoyed their promenade; he had received Nine pence in his cap by 11 o'clock, which was very good going indeed. He heard the heavy chink of another coin and looked to the cap; a silver florin had been cast there; two bob! Two shillings was more than he could earn on some days. He looked to one side to see feminine boots at the base of a black skirt and then he looked up. Miss Rendlesham was smiling down at him. She was very pleased with the work in itself, and even more pleased of the fact that it was obviously her in the picture. She sighed with satisfaction.

"Will that be enough to allow you to call it a day and accompany me? I really should like to take tea somewhere." He was dumbstruck.

"Why of course, if you'll just wait a minute or two, I'll change." She smiled and sat on a bench close by as he hurriedly changed in the nearby public convenience. Discarding his chalky trousers and after a very quick wash which had the attendant using some choice Cockney slang terms as he splashed the floor in his haste. He passed him his bag of chalks and dusty clothes and a three penny bit to keep them for him and launched himself back out into the sunshine. She stood as she saw him approaching. He could still not quite believe it.

She passed her soft gloved hand and took his as though they were a couple and smiled at him. He could not help but look about himself to ensure that no-one he knew had seen them; though he had done nothing wrong, it felt as though he were doing something illegal; to take the hand of a woman in such a fashion was something he was not used to. Once again she had shown him just what a daring woman she was to come all that way on her own without a chaperone or companion. She sensed his discomfort and squeezed his hand.

"Relax you silly man; I have taken charge of you now. I intend to see you have a thoroughly enjoyable day. Let us take one of those open top buses to Piccadilly; I've always wanted to do that." He nearly fell over, but relaxed as he was told. To think of such a lady on a bus with the hop polloi! This was almost unheard of, but he sensed the humour in the situation and warmed to her sense of adventure.

They waited with a motley bunch of Londoners, from the lower-middle class scribes to the downright threadbare working men. The omnibus arrived with a clatter of hooves and she took the lead, ascending the steps past the enamel advertisements to the rear of the vehicle; 'Borax', 'Lipton's Tea' and 'Brasso' etc. She took a seat near the front and pulled him down beside her. The omnibus pulled away and made its way through the noisy streets to Piccadilly.

"This is such a thrill for me" she said as she took his hand and held it with both hers on her lap. This was a thrill for him; he had an involuntary rise in blood pressure and hoped his trousers would conceal it.

They alighted at Piccadilly and went into a Tea House on one of the corners. They drank tea together and talked about art and architecture and he told her all about his general life as a single working man. She carefully avoided talking about literature at this point; she was saving this for him.

"I like your work very much and have been very impressed by the way you work also. I would like to obtain your services on a private basis. I feel the need for some artistic work in my library, and have friends who would also require your services; I'd pay you a little more than I pay Mr Blandish-Wright, and that will be considerably more than he passes on to you. I would rather not involve that awful man who presently employs you." His heart leapt. He was speechless, literally. This was not helped by two dainty booted feet squeezing one of his beneath the cloth covered table. Was there no end to the mischievous streak of this woman? He smiled and found his voice.

"How could I refuse you; I would love to spend more time on my artistic work; how can I ever repay you?" She smiled at him with sweet satisfaction and clasped his hand.

"I intend to make very good use of you; I have lots of female friends with interests similar to mine and can assure you, you will never have to work as you did before." This struck him as a slightly strange statement and made him shiver somewhat, but he was still enthralled with the proposition. Just being close to her regularly was bonus enough.

"When shall I start for you?" She released his hand and pursed her lips in a way which did not help his blood pressure, and opened her clutch-bag. She produced two train tickets.

"If it's ok with you, I'd like you to accompany me home today; you can start tomorrow; I'll pay you double time of course. I would like to show you my library when we get back, and we will toast our little arrangement. I will have my maid prepare one of the spare-rooms for you." She held his hand again, firmly;

"You'll come without making any fuss. I've made up my mind." He just smiled at the control she had over him, she was supremely confident and with the promise of working directly for her, he would do anything she asked of him, anything. She asked for the bill and made sure everyone in the tea-room knew she was paying it.

"Well I never!" said the proprietor, "whatever next?" They left for the station and she kept a tight grip on his hand throughout the journey. He was going to go wherever she wanted him to go.

When they arrived back at Holt House the maid took his coat and smirked at him when Marcia advised he would be staying indefinitely and that she should prepare one of the better and larger rooms.

"The room to the south side would suit him." She said, winking at the maid as she walked on up the stairs to freshen up and change for the evening. This brought about an even bigger smirk from the maid; that room had an internal door which allowed discrete access to Miss Rendlesham's room. She would not tell him that yet though- even though she had been forewarned of this eventuality happening; she allowed her mistress time to disappear into her room before taking him up to freshen up also. She showed him into the room which was three times the size of anything he'd lodged in before and seemed incredibly plush, even with a bare mattress. There was even a sink in the room with running water. As if this were not overwhelming enough, the maid smiled at him and opened a wardrobe. "You'll want to be comfortable for the evening" she produced a pair of silk pyjamas wrapped in brown paper, fresh from a tailor's outlet, and a three quarter length woollen dressing gown.

"Madame has made every preparation to ensure you are comfortable; the wash room is opposite, I'll show you." She took him into the white marble and tile wash room and showed him a strange apparatus which looked like a pipe leading up to an upturned sieve.

"This is my favourite; it's called a shower." She turned the taps and he was amazed as warm water rained down.

"It's so much quicker than a bath and is so refreshing; you can rub some of this bath oil on as well to make you smell nice!" she giggled. He had not lived in a house with an internal bath before, never mind this. She left him to it and he put it to good use. He dried himself down and donned the pyjamas and gown. He felt very strange about being in the company of a woman dressed this way, but also felt very comfortable and relaxed in the silk. He had not smelt so nice in a long time either.

He ventured back into the room before going downstairs; the bed had now been made and looked incredibly soft and inviting, it was a double so appeared huge to him. He then noticed there was a door handle in what appeared to be the middle of the side wall; closer inspection showed it to be a door which was decorated as per the rest of the wall, though curious about it he did not open it and went downstairs.

The maid met him as he reached the foot of the stairs; her appearance had changed too. Her hair was down and she wore a green gown which left her ankles showing and her feet were adorned with what looked like Roman sandals.

"You may call me Mistress Belinda, I expect we'll be seeing a lot of each-other from now on" she said, as she showed him to the Library. She sat him in a large leather sofa and wheeled a small round table bedecked with various alcoholic drinks in his direction. He felt like a king and was finding it difficult coming to terms with it all. The library was filled with books wall to wall; this in itself was paradise to him.

Belinda giggled as she left. The door opened and Miss Marcia Rendleshaw entered the room. His jaw dropped and he swallowed hard at vision the before him. 

She had on a full length black silk gown which was tied in the middle. It was apparent she did not have much else on underneath. He could see the full shape of her breasts; the nipples were evident through the silk. He tried not to look but could not keep his eyes from her. Her hair was down and she wore deep maroon lipstick. He had great difficulty in concealing an unwanted but inevitable full erection.

She was magnificent and he thought he must be in some sort of dream. He had not seen anything like this since a work mate had produced some rather lewd Daguerreotypes of women from a working trip to Paris. She sat down softly next to him. She smelled as good as she looked, crossing her legs showing him a beautiful white calf and delicate ankle. Her small and feminine feet wore soft golden sandals with large heels. She smiled softly and inhaled deeply taking in his scent; her breasts moved under the silk as she did so and she smiled as he could not help but look at them.

"Please don't be shocked. I have a good idea already how you feel about women. You have given me all the right signals so far and I know we will be very close. I want you to choose a book and read to me; open that closed cabinet section just there by the end of the sofa and choose one." He leaned over and opened the door.

Several books hit his eye immediately; 'Justine' and 'Juliette' by De Sade, and there right in front of his eyes- Leopold von Sacher-Masoch; 'Venus in Furs'; he was amazed. He faltered for a moment but was compelled to choose that one. She smiled wickedly at him.

"Good choice; you ARE my kind of man. Now take your gown off; you'll be much more comfortable in your silk alone- it's so warm tonight." He removed the gown and was deeply embarrassed as he could not hide the prominent bulge in his bottoms. She carefully and casually ignored this and pulled him close to her. He was close to erupting as he felt her breast up against him.

"You will read to me now." She said commandingly; "I know you'll like that book; it's a favourite of mine. You'll love the woman in it." He read many pages from the book; she made him skip parts and knew the page numbers of particularly explicit sections. As he got to a certain part he felt her hand caress his penis; he had had relationships with a couple of women before, but this had never happened. She smiled at him.

"You like the idea of a woman being in control of you, don't you?" She said with a straight face and in a matter-of-fact manner. He could not deny it. She got up, and turned her back to him ensuring he had a good view of her round and silky bottom. She then pulled several more books from the cabinet section and sat down with him again. She passed a large book; this was full of pictures of ladies in commanding positions, some with whips and canes, very much in charge of males who were generally at their feet. As he viewed them goggle eyed, she removed her gown and sat naked before him. His erection was now rigid.

"You may take you pyjamas off now. I intend you shall understand your Mistress fully before the hour is out. Don't be scared; you know you want to be naked for me." As he stood shakily, he struggled with the buttons on the shirt but found the single one which held the bottoms undid alarmingly easily; the silk slid over his legs to the floor. She took a pillow and placed it on the floor in front of her.

"Now kneel before me; I shall begin to teach you how to worship women-your superiors- this will be your main task when in the company of my friends." He went down on his knees on the pillow before her. She crossed her legs and he marvelled at the beautiful white thighs before him and wondered at what lay between them. She looked down at him victoriously and his cock bobbed as he truly began to enjoy the feeling of being controlled completely by a woman. She waved he foot at him.

"Take off my sandal and kiss my foot." He did so; even the firm top of her foot had him feeling ecstatic as he readily kissed it many times. She slowly drew it away from him.

"Now you'll have to do the other." She smiled softly at him and slowly and deliberately crossed her legs in the opposite way. He had his first fleeting glimpse of her womanhood. His cock glistened with his lubrication, he was almost panting with desire now. She waved her toes under his nose to regain his full attention to the task in hand.

"You must learn to be patient at all times when you are taken by a woman." She said softly, "some Lady's will punish you if you even look as though you are thinking ahead of the task you have been commanded to perform." He was close to exploding and fought to control his urges and take in everything she taught him; he so wanted to please her.

"I'm so sorry; I just want to please you. Forgive me, please." She smiled kindly at him and pulled his head toward her, kissing his forehead sweetly.

"You are doing just fine; I know you only want to please me and are new to the way of life you will lead from now on. I know what it is you desire to do most for me. You will be rewarded at the end of your lesson if you have pleased me sufficiently." She put her foot down between his legs and gently rubbed the end of his cock with her toes. His balls pulled tightly up and his cock pulsated with pleasure.

"Oh yes, I know exactly what you want to do." She then had him slowly lick her calves and thighs; he strained to peep over the top as he neared her torso and had the first delicate whiff of her arousal. He was now ready to beg for relief. She was also beginning to feel impatient inside. She had yearned to have him like this since she first had that subtle signal that told her he might be submissive to women.

She deftly toyed with her nipples as he licked and worshipped legs he could not have dreamed he would even see. Now was the time. She softly pushed him back and lifted her feet to the chair, holding her ankles back. Now he could see her womanhood in all its glory. His cock dribbled pre-cum, a tear ran down his cheek. She smiled at him from between her knees.

"Now you will learn how to please a woman. Have you heard the term 'cunnilingus'?" he had, but this was something akin to Eldorado in his life; he could only dream of such an act whilst in the wilds of masturbation over some lurid novel. He would readily have allowed her to castrate him first, just for the chance to attempt this. He shook visibly.

"I have Mistress, but have never... Please let me try, I beg you!" She laughed teasingly then beckoned him forward.

"You must use your tongue delicately and start at the bottom of my womanhood and work slowly upwards, if you wish to be invited back again by any woman. When at the top you must lick the little button there. I assure you, you will know if you have pleased your mistress. Come and lick me now!"

He was on the verge of ejaculating as he moved toward her soft warmth and took in the full scent of her superior femininity. He was intoxicated by the sweet scent and she rippled with pleasure at the first delicate touch of his tongue. She was very moist and the taste of her would stay with him for ever. Such was the pleasure he was enjoying in being allowed to do this for her, he forgot about his own bone hard member. He licked and probed the delicate flaps like an expert; he was in absolute heaven. She cooed and sighed; he was doing really well -- this was definitely the tongue of a submissive artist- he would please many of her friends. He found her button.

The little nub of her clitoris made itself very prominent as he fluted his tongue vigorously about it. Her juices dribbled as she viewed her latest acquisition on his knees in heavenly worship of her; she tensed and moaned in victorious ecstasy putting her hand behind his head and pressing his face deep into her luscious folds as she came with gusto.

She collapsed back and enjoyed a few moments as she recovered. He knelt there, wondering if he'd done well whilst licking his lips as he wanted to savour that taste forever. She picked up a bell and rang it. Then she looked down at him and held his face with her hands.

"Oh you wonderful creature! You shall be allowed your pleasure now, but your training must continue." She smiled wickedly at him. She was so pleased. As he knelt there naked and submissively before the mature woman he had just pleasured, the maid Belinda walked in.

She was also naked and beamed at him. She carried a tray with a small towel and a small metal contraption on it. The two women smiled knowingly at each-other. Belinda knelt down and put the tray on the floor. She placed the towel between him and his new Mistress.

"Now you will show us how you worship all women; my maid Belinda has earned her right to watch by simply being female. We will both enjoy your futile act of wasting your seed before women. Begin! We want to see you enjoy your humiliation." He readily began to masturbate in front of the two women. This would have been a very humiliating act indeed, had he not surrendered himself to the women already; he was beyond caring having been treated to sexual delights beyond his wildest dreams.

Marcia pulled her legs back again so he could view her satisfied womanhood, now glistening slick with his saliva. She smiled at him expectantly; she knew he would not keep her waiting. The Maid Belinda toyed gently with herself and eyed both his erect manhood and the contraption; she would have the last pleasure of the evening. She was also warming to the new male's company. He did not know it, but he would keep the maid warm tonight.

He gritted his teeth and took in the full extent of his submission to the woman before him who he knew would now control him forever; he also glanced at the delicate young maid who also witnessed his deep humiliation.

"Give us your seed now. I want to lock you for the night." She whispered. He moaned in absolute ecstasy as he willingly spurted stream after stream of his milky semen onto the towel and floor between he and the gorgeous mature woman he had worshipped with his tongue, The pleasure warped through his body as he stroked over and over, eking out the very last spasm of enjoyment. He knelt there, spent.

Marcia dropped down and kissed him on the lips. Belinda took the towel and wiped his satisfied member, which rapidly shrank. She then took the metal device and eased a ring about the top of his scrotum. His flaccid penis was inserted into the cage like device and it was locked shut with a tiny padlock. There were two keys; one was given to Marcia, Belinda kept the other. Miss Marcia Rendlesham kissed him again.

"Your manhood belongs to me now. You shall not use it without my permission. Please do not fret, you will understand as time passes that this is for your own benefit; you will worship me and the women I choose you to service all the better for being denied. Trust me; I promise you will be richly rewarded on many occasions due to my control." Belinda cupped the cage in her delicate hand and looked impatiently at Marcia, who smiled back.

"I would have liked to have held you captive in my bed tonight, to allow you to contemplate the full realisation of your submission to me and to your new life of servitude to women, but I have been that pleased with your progress I feel I must write to my friends to advertise your availability immediately. You will go with Belinda and do as she pleases as a guest of her bed tonight." He looked at her, his eyes tinged with disappointment. She kissed him fully on the lips.

"Tomorrow, I promise." She said. Belinda produced a collar and leash from somewhere, and had it about his neck in no time. She stood and yanked the leash.

"You're mine now, and I need my bed." She led him away for his first night at Holt House.

TO BE CONTINUED!

As he was led eagerly away by the young maid, he looked back with some disappointment as he was taken from the woman he most desired; she smiled and blew a kiss at him as though he had just attended an appointment about a decorating job with her, he smiled unsurely back – she seemed so nonchalant about what had just occurred -he watched her beautiful bottom wiggle as she bent to open her writing bureau. His cock bulged in its new home.

He realised for the first time that he was now the property of a woman and with his cock confined and he being on a leash to a lowly maid gave him a deep sense of erotic pleasure.

Belinda led him up several flights of stairs to her room in the attic, she had kept a sweet smile of satisfaction all the way up and he had been transfixed by the view of her delectable and youthful thighs and bottom as they ascended; he could still not believe what had happened to him; his life had gone from the odd chance of the quick enjoyment of hand relief over a lurid book or cheap newspaper article to direct contact with the very flower of a magnificent and mature lady. Now he was the slave of her maid.

She took him into a toilet opposing her room and the ones next to it.

"We must make sure you can pee." She said giggling, "I need to clean you as well; you must always be fresh when invited to a lady's bed." She stood and watched as he leaned over the pedestal and leaked his urine from the cage; it dribbled somewhat, but he could manage it. She stroked his bottom as he did so, which hindered him a little as this made his cock want to grow in the confinement. When he'd dripped out the last, she walked him to a conveniently positioned basin over which he could hang his cock and balls. She cupped his balls and the cage in her soft hand and bathed him in warm soapy water.

She giggled as they both looked at the reflection in the ornate looking-glass suspended on the wall; he could now witness his humiliation and he noted how beautiful her erect nipples looked as they poked from her creamy white delicate breasts. She caressed his balls with one hand as she sponged his trapped penis with the warm liquid, making it bulge against the restraining cage.

"You really are a nice obedient male, aren't you? I shall enjoy my part in your training; tonight you will understand denial for the first time. You will do for me what you did for Madame." She smiled sweetly in the reflection

"I had a very good view through the keyhole; she knows I always watch her with gentleman, she likes me to learn from it." She dried him off and led him out into the corridor.

"Those are Lottie and George's rooms; they'll be very pleased to meet you when they come back from their summer leave – I'm sure you'll like them too. Miss Charlotte Pendleton and Georgina Grantham are both orphanage girls taken in by Miss Rendlesham; Lottie will boss you wonderfully but George is quite timid and you will find her in your bed seeking refuge from the ghosts she imagines!" She led him into her room, which was not as per what you would imagine of a Victorian maid's sleeping quarters; it was very spacious with dormer windows, fancifully decorated in purples, lilacs, and pinks. Soft and luxuriant rugs covered the floor, thick drapes hung from the windows, and her large double bed was bedecked with soft satin and silk pillows; it was more boudoir than berth. She smiled and tugged on the leash urging him to a position central to the foot of the bed, about four feet from it.

"I want you to kneel there and await my command" she said in as authoritative a tone as she could muster. As he knelt she turned and wiggled her bottom in his face, then paced slowly toward the bed, showing him her sex as she climbed slowly onto it on all fours. She turned and sat nestling amongst the mass of soft pillows.

"I want you to tell me how you really feel about women; are you keen to see us take over the roles of men? I think a female Prime Minister is a nice thought." She said laughing, knowing this could never happen; "what sort of women do you like most? Blonde, brunette, auburn?" He thought for a moment as he viewed the sweet young maid naked amongst the silks.

"I like all women; red-heads have always turned my head though, I have to admit." She sat up in the bed.

"Lottie and George will both be pleased then; Lottie is a soft auburn and George is truly ginger. We always tease her about it. Mrs Carmichael, the cook, likes to spank her simply because she is ginger. She says that all ginger girls are spiteful and a spanking helps keep her in check. George isn't so keen on it though." She pulled her legs up at this point and slid her slender fingers up and down her sex.

"Have you ever been spanked or caned by a woman?" She said in a provocative tone.

"No; well, not since school anyway." His cock bulged in the cage at the thought. She smiled knowingly.

"Would you like to be spanked or caned by a woman?" She sighed softly as she stroked at her sex.

"I'm not sure; I like the idea of it-the threat of it thrills me- but I'm not sure about the pain." He said honestly. She giggled and smiled wickedly at him.

"You'll learn to like it; you'll have to! Some of the ladies Miss Rendlesham is busy writing to will cane you for breakfast, dinner and tea! Some have had a bad time of things at the hands of men and will make you pay dearly for it. I've seen men punished by Miss Rendlesham too; she may cane you whilst we girls watch. She likes to humiliate like that, though it's always enjoyable for us as we are allowed to stay and watch the male rewarded afterwards."

She started to moan softly under her breath;

"I want you up here now. Come and lie face down in front of me." He stood and got onto the soft inviting bed and lay face down; his face was very close to her and he could smell her sweet arousal. His cock pulsed in the captivity of the cage which was not too uncomfortable, though it did squeeze down on his balls in this position. This served to remind him that he was enslaved by the women and he enjoyed the feeling in an erotically perverse way. She stroked his hair and pulled on the leash, lifting his head to look into her mischievous eyes.

"You'll lick me to satisfaction now, but you shall have no reward. I want you to think of that while you service me. You are to learn that your position in life is to serve women and we will choose when you are to be rewarded. I have the key and could easily unlock you, but I shall not. I want you to think of how your cock would rub and slide nicely on my silk sheets if it were free. I want you to think of how nice it would be to give up your cream to the sheets as you pleasure a dominant female with your tongue. When I've had my pleasure you will be allowed to hold my body throughout the night, but your manhood will remain locked and unsatisfied. You will learn to be a better man for it."

She slapped his cheek to assert her dominance over him, slid slightly forward and pushed his face down into her luscious sex. Her scent and taste was delicious on his lips and tongue, his nose sniffed away automatically as his mouth was engulfed in her beautiful warmth and sticky wetness. He lapped and sucked within her sweet folds as he explored her womanly flower with his tongue seeking out her youthful nectar. She pulled her legs back and whimpered in ecstasy. His cock felt like it would be shredded by the constrictions of the cage, which occasionally bit at his scrotum as he writhed on the bed. He truly knew denial, but felt the better for it already; serving a woman submissively and knowing he would not be allowed satisfaction made him tingle with erotic pleasure.

She squealed in ecstasy and thrust her legs skyward as she triumphed in a glorious orgasm, fortified by her dominance over him. He lapped and swallowed her juices as he milked the last elements of orgasm from her. She pulled him up and shuffled down next to him in the bed. Her eyes were watery as she thanked him and kissed his messy lips, giggling girlishly. Her hand went down to his crotch and he felt her little finger rubbing what little part of his restricted glans was available.

"Poor, poor, boy! No milking for you tonight. But you still enjoyed that did you not? I promise you, I will have you again at some point and I will have you spend on my sheets whilst you lick me. I shall have to cane you afterwards for making a mess though!" she sniggered, as she squeezed him tightly.

The promise made his cock all the more painful, though he was consoled by the affection of the soft and warm girl; fresh from her orgasm she now wanted to mother him rather than dominate and he took in the scent of her hair as they dropped off to sleep in the comfort of her bed.



The next morning, Belinda led him down to his first breakfast with his new mistress. She curtsied and gave Miss Rendlesham a broad grin before leaving. Miss Marcia came over to her new acquisition and kissed his forehead before placing a bundle of letters in front of him between toast rack and teapot.

"I would like you to post these into the pillar box down on the corner whilst I prepare for a little trip out today; I know I suggested you'd do some work for me today, but I felt you could do with some rest after last night. I want to take you somewhere which will show you what can be achieved by someone of your talent. We will visit a friend's house on the way back; I know she will be pleased to meet you, and you her. I am anxious that the letters are posted by your own hand; that way there is poetic justice in that you personally will have had control over your destiny in summoning the ladies I have written to." She poured him and herself another cup of breakfast tea and sat next to him; it was as though he'd always been there. As they finished their breakfast she passed him the bundle of letters.

"You take these and post them, I shall be ready when you come back." He left by the front door and skipped down the steps to the street. Though Sunday, there was still a fair amount of people out and about, the good weather having brought them out. He found the red hexagonal pillar box easily enough and looked at the letters before posting them through the mouth of the box. He had thought of what the maid Belinda had told him about some of the women, and had looked at the addressees to try to put characters to the names, then with some trepidation had dispatched them and was now at the mercy of the Royal Mail. Miss Marcia Rendlesham was right in that he had controlled his own destiny; her act of making him post the letters further emphasised her complete control of him.

When he returned, a cab was waiting by the house. She was ready as she had suggested on his return. She looked him in the eye and smiled.

"You posted the letters?"

"Of course, you asked me to; I was pleased to carry out that simple task for you." She smiled all the more and took his hand;

"Come, let us have another nice day in each-other's company."

They got into the cab and as they sat there she squeezed his hand and looked at him with some satisfaction. They went first to a vast museum which was packed with artistic paraphernalia; she mused over some of the artefacts there and commented on how the efforts she had witnessed being completed by him were in essence at least the equivalent of what was displayed there; she knew he was an asset to her for more than the intimate reasons he had displayed the night before. He too was gaining inspiration from the experience, but the assistance he could offer her with his public artistic talent paled into insignificance when he thought of what he would be allowed to offer her on the personal side of things.

He could not help but notice how passers-by deftly eyed her; she was a magnificent woman and he was proud to be hers. She obviously felt the same way about the personal situation as well; when in a secluded gallery where classical nudes were depicted, she stroked his crotch to feel the cage which confined part of the property which was now hers.

"I hope he's not too uncomfortable in there; we shall let him out tonight as promised, but first there is somewhere else I must take you before we visit my friend." She whisked him away and they caught another cab which trotted off to a street which was filled with shops and outfitters. The cab driver looked a little puzzled when they alighted there; as it was Sunday, the street was deserted. Likewise, so was he. She smiled as the cab departed and she walked him down the empty thoroughfare, and then turned into an alley with a side door to an outfitter's.

She rang the bell four times in uniform amounts of time. Shortly after someone knocked on the inside of the door four times; Marcia repeated the task – the door opened and in they went. A prim and attractive looking woman looked furtively out from the door then closed it again.

"Ah, Miss Rendlesham, and a friend! Let's go down to the stock-room." The woman smiled saucily at him as she led them through the outfitters shop with its grey and drab suits, coats and hats on show.

"He'll look good in all sorts of things." She said as she opened a door at the end of the shop and they went down a flight of stairs to the basement. She opened another door and they entered a brightly lit room which was at least twice the size of the shop above them. All manner of costumes, uniforms and accessories were on show. The walls were covered with canes, whips, crops and all manner of chains and manacles. There were sections for Nurses, Headmistress's, governesses and varieties of capes and hoods; it was like some erotic fancy dress outlet.

Marcia and the woman smiled at each other as she picked up a cage identical to the one he was wearing. The woman smiled at him with deep satisfaction, knowing he was wearing the one Marcia had purchased last week. The look made his cock bulge instantly.

"It's so nice to meet yet another male who knows his true place in life. You must let me borrow him when new lines come in; it's so much more satisfying to see them posed by a genuine submissive – he's cute, I would so love to tease him in various outfits- I'd give you generous discounts of course."

"We'll see." Said Marcia as she looked at some silky oriental costumes "he is going to be very busy with my friends and I over the coming months; we'll need to order lots of outfits for him." The shopkeeper smiled and squeezed his bottom.

"I take it this will involve his feminisation with at least one of the outfits?" she said both teasingly and enthusiastically.

"Oh yes." Replied Marcia as she looked him in the eye.

"I intend to walk him out in public dressed as a woman; I want to both humiliate him, and have him experience first-hand how men treat us. It will give him a full understanding of why it is necessary for him to be punished by females and he will enjoy that punishment so much more." He swallowed hard and his cock pulsated in its confinement; the idea scared him a little, but he loved the idea of being controlled by women. He knew he would thoroughly enjoy the deep sense of humiliation he would endure.

"Oh, before I forget." Said the shopkeeper "the other accessory you wanted when you purchased his cage has arrived." She strutted off to a counter and returned, passing a smooth ceramic object to Marcia; it was egg shaped at one end, tapering back and flat at the other with a brass ring at the base.

"Wonderful!" Said Marcia she hung it in her finger by the brass ring and waved it in front of him.

"We shall fit it here and have him wear it to my friend's house; he can tell her how it feels." He was bemused by the conversation and had no idea what the two women meant. The shopkeeper looked at him with a deep sense of satisfaction and self-gratification at what she would now tell him.

"What you see before you is an anal plug. It will be greased and you will have it inserted into your bottom by your mistress. It will be a nice tight fit, and will give you the most exquisite reminder that you are owned by the woman who has placed it there. It will constantly stretch your anus at all times fabricating the sensation you experience when in fear of a caning etc. It is the perfect companion to your cage, and I will present madam with a little link chain which will run from the ring on the plug to your cage; this will tickle your scrotum adding that final pleasure and will symbolise the unity of ownership by Madame of all that was once yours."

He was not sure at all that he would like this, but knew he had no choice in the matter; the woman's speech made him all the more aware of his position and he went meekly to an available changing room as his dominant mistress took his arm and led him in.

"Strip!" Said Marcia, as the woman gathered some outfits that she had previously ordered for him; now she had seen his dimensions she expertly found the appropriate sizes for him. She dropped them into the large changing room and then sat on the seat by the mirror and smiled at Marcia as she produced a small pot of lubricating grease from her pocket and passed this to Marcia.

"Lay over the lady's legs; I'm going to plug your bottom." He could see she was in one of her wicked moods at the moment. He lay naked over the woman's legs and she gave his cheeks a rudimentary spanking, laughing as she did so.

"Oh, if only all men were submissive like you! Life would be heaven!" He saw Marcia approach; the woman held his legs down with one of her legs and spread his cheeks with her hands.

"You must relax and not tense and we'll have you nicely plugged before you know it." She said giggling.

"There's nothing quite as rewarding as plugging a male who's already been caged and is about to be feminised." His cock was fit to burst in its mean confinement as he felt Marcia's soft hands on his rear; he whimpered a little as he felt the cool enamel plug being pressed home-it hurt like hell at first as his anus was stretched by the alien object; the shopkeeper tickled his ball making him jut his arse backwards, and Marcia pressed the plug firmly home.

The shopkeeper passed the silver chain to Marcia who linked it from the brass ring to his cage as promised. The shopkeeper smiled with wicked satisfaction; she was the most ardent of dominant women and loved to see her products put to good use. She suddenly remembered an upcoming event with which she could tease this submissive male.

"He'll need a shorter chain if he's to be 'modified' of course; I take it you will attend Lady Barbara Hapsley's event in the week-there's nothing more satisfying than witnessing a modification?" Miss Marcia smiled back at her.

"Oh, I'm well aware and we shall attend. I want him to witness first hand just how devoted to a superior woman a lowly male can be; it will be a lovely surprise for him." She touched her nose to emphasise that she did want him to know, anticipating that the shopkeeper was feeling at her most wicked and would have delighted in telling him what 'modification' entailed. The two women looked down at the newly plugged male and smiled in anticipation of witnessing his face at Lady Barbara Hapsley's event. Miss Marcia gently pressed on the plug once more to ensure he was retaining it properly. He squirmed, half in discomfort, half in pleasure and wondered what a modification was.

"There! Now will know your place every minute of the day. You will truly know the meaning of humiliation and submissiveness to womenfolk by the time we get you home this evening; let's dress him now." He stood for the first time and felt his sphincter clench against the smooth and now warm porcelain plug which served to stimulate his attempted erection within the cage. The shopkeeper smiled contentedly as she knew he would now respect every woman, every moment of the day. She cupped his balls, making him clench all the more.

"Oh I'd love to give you a good caning right now, to ensure you remember this moment." He looked at her and Marcia and hung his head; a caning would not be necessary, and he was beginning to enjoy the feeling the combination of cage and plug. He would almost be reluctant to have the cage removed tonight, though the humiliation he was about to endure would ensure his balls would spend like never before when Marcia allowed this later.

First he was corseted; the two women tugged the stays home with such vigour he nearly defecated his new friend. They then made him wear loose silk bloomers; this would allow free movement of the chain against his scrotum as he walked. He was fitted with a padded bra; this was the point at which he almost panicked as it dawned on him just what the women were doing. The shopkeeper taunted him mercilessly when she saw the concern on his face.

"There's no going back now; you look sweeter with each item. You are leaving this shop as a girl and I will thoroughly enjoy your humiliation! You will know your place as a submissive male and should be proud to be allowed to wear the clothing of your superiors." Marcia smiled warmly at him.

"I'll be so happy if you do this; you know what pleasure it will give me. Remember your promise of a reward tonight; I should hate to have to cane you instead and make you wear the cage for another week. You would not want to displease me. Tell me you want to walk the streets dressed as a woman." Though a grown man, the stress and wickedness of his tormentors had him close to tears. The shopkeeper wished to herself that this would happen; she loved to see men broken, whatever the method. He suddenly found the resolve.

"Yes Mistress Marcia, I will do anything for you." She smiled and squeezed his arms. He was fitted with ankle boots which were specially and cleverly designed to hide the size of his masculine feet. Extremely tight black gloves helped give the illusion that his hands were feminine. A long flowing dress was fitted tightly at the waist, and a silk blouse and tiny pink jacket were put on him. After donning a deep auburn wig, a hat with several full lace veils was fitted, hiding his face almost completely; the bright red lipstick they had applied shone vaguely from behind the lace. The two women smiled with triumph and the shopkeeper crossed her arms and nodded her head. Marcia pulled a curtain back to reveal a mirror. He was every inch the perfect Victorian woman.

He was made to carry a very feminine bag in which other items had been packed. Marcia carried another with some of the outfits for him. He trembled as Marcia signed her account ledger in readiness to leave. The shopkeeper could not contain herself.

"You make such an adorable sissy! I bet you'll come in your cage before you get home!" She fondled his bottom as he carefully ascended the stairs in the ankle boots. Marcia held his hand firmly. There before them was the door; the shopkeeper went round them and opened it with a broad smile. The corset made it even harder for him to breathe as he panted with anxiety. Marcia pulled him through the door; he stood there outside for the first time, frozen and staring at himself in the reflection of a shop opposite. He could only see a woman.Marcia adjusted his veil and hugged him.

"You will draw less attention to yourself if you casually walk with me. I am so wet between my legs at seeing you like this; I shall ensure you know pleasure when I get you home, but first we must go to my friend's; she lives no more than a mile from here – we shall walk there through the park." With this she took his hand and walked, he had no choice. Her pleasure encouraged him and he suddenly felt his cock bulging once more. He looked at the dominant woman who had led him to this position and marvelled at her , as he got used to walking the plug excited him no end; he did not know why but would learn that it was massaging his prostate as he walked. The humiliation of being dressed as a woman, whilst being led by the woman that owned him as he clenched on the plug and the chain tickled his scrotum, was becoming enjoyable. His cock pulsed with pleasure in the cage; he hoped that what the shopkeeper had said would not come true – he wanted to save every drop for his mistress.

As they walked through the park, women smiled and men doffed their hats; he was so scared that someone would ask him something. After leaving the park, they walked for another 15 minutes or so through a residential area, stopping eventually at a large Georgian terrace. He was sweating with a mixture of fear, humiliation and pleasure. She hugged him again.

"We're here now. I'm so pleased with you." She smiled at him in her most wicked way.

"But you were reluctant; I shall spank you in your girly outfit when we get back. Then we'll take your cage off." They went up the steps and were invited in by a maid, who was curious about Marcia's companion, when she did not speak at all.

"She has a bad cold." Said Marcia, and the maid did not show any further interest. The two 'women' giggled. Then they went into a very comfortable parlour and were called over to a table by a woman with jet black hair in a bun. She took Miss Rendlesham's hand and eyed her partner.

"Marcia! You are unbelievable. You've had control of your latest male for no longer than a few days and already you have him fully feminised. If he's to work for you and the other girls during the day with the art work you told me of, you must not rush him sexually; you may break him more than you intend." She took his hand.

"You come and sit by me; if Marcia is too nasty to you, you just come and see me. I shall keep you locked up somewhere here and you'll be dominated in the most sensual ways." She pulled him close.

"You do look sweet though! I have lots of work for you, both here and at my country house. You'll be pleased to know I won't expect you to attend as a woman. You will enjoy being entertained in my tropical hot-house conservatory; my colonial girls will so enjoy being pleased by you- after you've done some art work for me of course."

She showed him some plans and asked for his opinion about what sort of styles would fit in with her themes; she was suitably impressed with his input, and he felt at ease with this woman. She lifted the veils and looked him in the eye.

"It's so pleasing to have a male at your beck and call; I'm glad you are submissive- I shall tease you in some very exquisite ways when you are in my charge. You know your place and that is good enough for my girls and I; you'll wear no nasty cage when with me, you'll have nothing left for Marcia after a day in my house."

She lifted a leg and pulled her skirts back as she said this, showing him a gloriously mature but supple pair of silky clad thighs and suspenders

"I'll have you down there within 15 minutes of your arrival." She laughed. She turned to Marcia.

"I take it we'll see you on Monday night at Lady Barbara's? As beautiful and gratifying as those occasions always are, I trust you don't have those plans for him in the foreseeable future – it could affect his artistic drive you know." Marcia smiled and squeezed up against him before answering her friend.

"Yes, we'll be there; I'm sure he'll find it just as gratifying as we do, but to answer your question, I intend to enjoy him for a long, long time. But if his artwork slacks; who knows!" the two laughed at their private joke as he puzzled over what Monday night may reveal. They took a cab back to Holt House. Marcia could not keep her eyes of him throughout the journey and fondled his crotch endlessly through the skirts.

"We'll soon be there; Belinda will be so pleased to see you like this- she can watch while you're spanked, and I'll allow her to unlock you; this will give her control over you. You will both enjoy that." The cab arrived and the cab driver, a regular there, was puzzled at the new girl

"Mind your step darlin'." Marcia laughed and paid him; they went in. Belinda was there and was beside herself at the sight.

"I'm going to take you shopping at least once a week like that; we'll buy you some nice scent to put behind your ears." She laughed. The shame and humiliation he felt from the younger woman was even more intense and yet enjoyable somehow and there was worse to come. Belinda said she had a surprise, and opened the study door; out walked two primly dressed even younger ladies; Charlotte and Georgina had returned. They kissed Marcia and turned their attention to him. They were aware of the attitude of males who were their Mistresses guests, but this was a real treat. He was utterly humiliated. Marcia beamed with satisfaction.

"You've arrived just in time to see his first punishment young ladies." She looked at him with a mixed expression of grin and stern menace.

"Into the parlour now; I'll show you what happens when you show reluctance!" He was led to a large leather chair and made to stand. Marcia pulled the hat and wig from him; he was now a man in women's clothing; a man with red lipstick. Belinda was asked to retrieve his key; she did so eagerly.

"Lift your skirts!" He did so and a wet patch at the front of his silk bloomers was apparent. The girls giggled at his abject humiliation. Marcia pulled down his bloomers to reveal a pathetic little protrusion in its metallic confinement. She unhitched the chain and her finger went smartly into the brass ring. She gave it a quick twist and smiled as she pulled it from his rectum. He gave a moan as anus retreated back slowly to its normal circumference; the girls laughed at his pain. Marcia showed the once white and now streaked object to the girls, and then she showed it to him.

"Lick it clean now!" He closed his eyes and duly sucked the plug clean of his own mess. Belinda appeared with the key. He was to be spanked before release. He was mad to lie over the arm of the big leather chair; skirts up, bloomers around his ankle boots.

"Watch girls; this is how a male should be treated." She slapped his arse till it glowed red. The girls grinned and laughed as he yelped with the pain; his cock bulged in the cage yearning for release, her hand came down smartly again and again and he watched the girls enjoying the show; he too began to get a deep sense of eroticism from the punishment. As the tears began to streak down his cheeks the girls clapped in approval; this was something they had been taught to do as they had witnessed this before. Marcia pulled him from the chair and undid his skirt.

Belinda was summoned to unlock him; she turned the small key in the tiny lock and pulled the cage from him. His cock began to expand immediately, looking tortured with the red lines the cage had impressed upon it, even as it reached its maximum. Marcia made him kneel before the girls and placed the plug back in his mouth and stroked his erect and eager cock. She then smiled at Belinda who eagerly stroked him for a while.

The two younger girls, who were only 18 and 19 licked their lips in anticipation. Marcia nodded her head and Charlotte, the older of the two commenced her turn. His cock pulsed with pleasure as the teenager smiled spitefully at him and rubbed up and down the full length of his yearning cock. Marcia stood closer then nodded to Georgina. The beautiful red-head clasped her sweet hand on his willing cock and commenced her part in the ritual. Marcia smiled.

"Dressed like a woman and being milked by a teenage girl; you look so sweet. Don't keep her waiting; she wants your cream and I want you in my bed. When I've had my fill you'll please my maids. I'm sure they'll wait up for you." She smiled and the girls came closer, grinning as he began to spasm.

"Oh yes!" Said Georgina. "I shall have him now." He thought of the events of the day and looked at the women about him. From down on his knees he looked into Georgina's eyes and jerked back and forth releasing his seed plentifully as the pleasure warped his body.

"He's mine!" Shouted the excited girl as he left his mark on the parlour floor; he put his head in her arms as she relaxed from his limp cock. She kissed his head.

"I shall see you later." She giggled. Marcia smiled and pulled him to his feet; she was now in need of some urgent attention. He was to return the favour before being allowed any rest.

To Be continued


The Mistress of Holt House Ch. 03
bySputnik57©

The next day he found himself returned to his rational life, he was honestly grateful of the break, and finished his work for Blandish-Wright for the last time. He took a long hard look at the new extension at Holt House and peered through the window as he had done on that day when he first met his Mistress and had fantasised about living there. A dream had come true for him, but not in a way he could ever imagine; his loins tingled as he pondered his new life. He then returned to the library to mark out the designs he had agreed with his new employer.

As he concentrated on an area below one of the vast bookcases he heard footsteps behind him, and a sweet scent announced the arrival of Miss Marcia Rendlesham. He turned on his knees as he had before and bade her 'good morning'. She simply smiled knowingly; she held a paper knife in hand and a bundle of newly delivered correspondence.

"It looks like being a very good morning; it would appear that you are going to be very popular!" she sliced away at the tops of the various envelopes; there were even a couple of small parcels, Marcia laughed aloud when she opened one of these;

"Theresa Prendergast-Hume is such a forward and progressive woman, so daring! She has sent a photographic print of herself, just for you. She's added a little message, has sent me a five pound note in order to book your services over the next six months and has sent you another memento too! Come and sit with me, and you shall see what she has for you, and we'll see who else has required your services." She chuckled as she handed him the picture; his cock rose immediately as he viewed the tin-type photograph.

It was a full bodied woman with a black corset and short black silk knickerbockers of the recent 'French' type. She stood looking very stern with whip in hand, one leg raised with her foot pressed down on a naked male laying prostrate at her feet in submission. Marcia handed him the package that came with it; it was the black silk underwear in the picture. He read the message on the reverse:

'I shall introduce myself as Mrs Theresa Prendergast-Hume; you will address me as 'Madame Tara'. You will report to my house one day next week-the date will be confirmed with your Mistress. You will take in the scent of my underwear every night until we meet; as you will determine from the photograph, they will have a very sweet aroma as they were worn as I whipped a male into complete submission, and became very excited whilst doing so. On the night before we meet, you will abuse yourself and leave your mark on them. You will present them to me when we meet and confess your weakness; I will decide then how you shall be punished. Madam Tara X.'

Marcia smiled at him and stroked his crotch.

"You enjoy that erection while you can. In a few hours I shall summon you upstairs where you will be prepared for tonight's event. I shall want you to be feeling at your most submissive, so you will enjoy your new friends, front and back. I shall then decide what new outfit you shall wear." His cock throbbed as he listened to her commanding tone. His sphincter tingled at the thought of what tonight might bring and in anticipation of being fitted with the plug and cage by his Mistress.

Marcia continued to open the post in a 'just-so' manner; she showed him the names of various elegant and wealthy sounding women, and read out some of their wishes for him on meeting, as per 'Madame Tara'. Marcia squeezed him as he listened, goggle eyed and with an erection like a broom-handle.

"What you must understand is that some of these ladies have had a very torrid time with Husbands, some of whom still reside in the same household- from time to time. They have Mistresses and show the women no interest whatsoever, but expect them to be there at functions as the loving and obedient wife. Those that have managed to rid themselves of their husbands would never consider taking another. Mrs Theresa Prendergast-Hume is just such a case; her husband met with a very unfortunate boating accident. She was devastated- for at least ten minutes.

She will be at the event tonight and you can confirm receipt of her orders. I want you to remember this when you witness the scenes tonight, it will help you to understand the women's attitudes." He was really beginning to look forward to tonight.

The time passed quickly as he worked on the library articles. He washed and tidied up to make himself presentable. Marcia appeared at the door, naked.

"Upstairs now!" He followed humbly and watched her glorious bottom once again as they ascended the stairs. She had him strip and made him dangle his cock and balls in a basin of icy water to allow the fitting of his cage; he was a little over excited. She gently fitted the cage, snapped the retaining ring shut about his scrotum, he was hers once more. His glans bulged tightly against the cage in a futile attempt to erect; he was beginning to really enjoy this feeling, which was magnified by her contended smile at his being caged. She made him watch whilst she greased the plug and then had him lay astride her silky thighs. She took great delight in easing it home as he did his best not to squirm and tense. She tapped the ring at the base when she was satisfied it was tightly in and squeezed the cage to ensure it was on correctly. She stroked his balls as she showed him the chain which went between the two. As she connected the two symbols of his submission to her she whispered to him.

"Remember what the shopkeeper said about the length of the chain." She said teasingly. He was puzzled at the time, and it was still so with him. He would know what was meant by this soon enough. She had him kneel naked and viewed his submissive form in the cage as she stood dominantly before him. She laughed at him and bent over, her arse in his face.

"There, you have a good long sniff to get you in the mood." He did so willingly and his cock strained in the cage as he sampled her womanly aromas. He had been in the cage not five minutes and already he yearned to be allowed to come. He was put to work in fetching the clothes she pointed out and dressing her with them. She wore a black outfit much as per Madame Tara in the picture. His cock was dribbling by the time she was done, and he had the added thought of those knickerbockers which would require sniffing when he returned.

She dressed him in silk stockings which came up to his thighs, and white slippers. His arse and crotch were left exposed so that all could see his cage. His top was covered with a white silk shirt with a frill around the waist and baggy sleeves. The frill accentuated his nakedness below and was designed to make him seem virginal and vulnerable. He was collared and leashed to emphasise that he was owned; his hands were tied behind his back to complete his submission.

Belinda appeared at the door with riding gear on and horse whip in hand. She was to take them to the venue in the carriage kept behind the house which they used for special occasions. She could not help but tease him and threaten him with the whip.

"Oh! You shall enjoy what you see tonight; I can't wait till I can get you in my bed again to hear you describe it!" They left for Lady Barbara Hapsley's residence.

Hapsley Hall was a large country residence just a couple of miles outside town. When they arrived there were many cabs and carriages coming and going. Both he and Marcia had loose fitting capes which were passed to the cloakroom assistant at the door. The young woman in attendance looked him in the eye and smiled knowingly but did not give his mode of dress a second glance; this was the norm for her. Marcia introduced him to all sorts of gorgeous looking stern and wicked females. Many of them had enslaved males with them; they were all dressed similarly to him, some had cages which were encrusted with precious stones and glinted, drawing all the more attention.

The women fussed for seating at the front of a huge auditorium which faced a raised stage on which was a strange looking padded seat and bench affair with stirrup like objects to the sides. The women sat whilst their male property knelt before them facing the stage. The shopkeeper and the glorious Madame Tara beckoned to them at one corner.

"Here, we've ensured you will see all from this position." Marcia thanked them. Madame Tara smiled warmly at him and Marcia had him kiss her feet. As he began to rise she pulled his head into her crutch and sniggered.

"You'll smell that again later my boy and I shall confirm a date tonight for when you may disgrace yourself on my silk." She pulled him up by his leash and eyed him with contempt and impatience, licking her lips. He could see and sense that she was a superbly dominant woman and he yearned to face her having soiled her underwear as she had commanded. The shopkeeper fondled his balls and played with the connecting chain which ran along the seam of his scrotum. She had another chain in the other hand which was about half the length of his. The women laughed as she displayed it to him.

He was made to kneel and face the stage. A woman appeared on the stage, naked except for red corset, and leading a man on a leash who was made to kneel and face the audience. He was also naked except for a white silk shirt much the same as all the males in attendance had been made to wear. They were followed in by two other women dressed in tight white uniforms with white gloves. One carried a case; they looked sneeringly down at the male. The women clapped and cheered as the male bowed his head. His face had a look of utter defeat.

Marcia leaned forward and whispered to her property.

"That is James Fortescue; he was once a very proud, arrogant and chauvinistic male, who had a reputation for abusing women; several of whom are here tonight. He was coaxed into meeting the lady in the red corset for a bet; her name is Ruth Chesterfield. You can see that she is around twenty years his senior, though I think you'll agree she is stunning for her age." He could not disagree; though the woman must have been close to sixty, she was beautiful in every respect-absolutely radiant in her maturity.

"Once the trap was set, he was soon made to see that all men are inferior to women, and soon recognised his submissive side when faced by Ruth's utter dominance. He has been trussed, whipped, caned and humiliated in ways that you have yet to experience, not just by Ruth and her immediate associates, but also by the women he formerly abused. The lady in white on the left with the red hair and glasses is Miss Sonia Peterson; she was virtually raped by Fortescue and will play a special part in tonight's proceedings.I must impress on you that He is here by his own request and she has been invited here by him. Though the idea will have been put into his head by Ruth, who has seen many males attend this venue."

Ruth pulled on his leash and he stood trembling; she curtly slapped his face. The women clapped and cheered this. Ruth smiled and took a key from a pocket in the corset and undid his cage. His cock unfurled and the blood pressure soon had him erect. Ruth placed her palm under it and a woman passed her a riding crop; she brought the flat end down sharply with a crack on the end of his cock. He winced in agony and she smiled with satisfaction as the women applauded.

He was made to lie on the padded bench and a block was placed under his chin forcing him to look forward. A queue of the women he had met initially under entirely different circumstances formed before his eyes. Some winked and smiled to say hello, some just grimaced as they toyed with the rattan canes they had been presented with. Ruth moved into his field of vision.

"James Fortescue, you have come here of your own accord to face permanent modification before your superiors. Once the caning begins there will be no stopping the process. Do you wish to continue?" there was stony silence in the room for the one time only.

"Yes Mistress" he snivelled in the broken voice of a broken man "I want to give my all to you and be free of my own enslavement to my urges." The women cheered and applauded louder than ever. This truly was sublime humiliation. Ruth took her rattan cane and wiped the end in her moist pussy, then placed it under his nose. He sniffed hard at the bouquet, which must have seemed like a vintage wine. She talk two steps back and the women clapped in time. Watching from the side-lines as Marcia toyed with his hair, he envied Fortescue's position; such exquisite humiliation.

The cane came down again and again; each woman was to have seven strokes each; he bucked in agony and cried like a baby as the fierce rattans cut his backside and legs, leaving bloody red lines. Each woman made sure he knew who they were and not one showed an ounce of mercy; each woman made each of their seven strokes tell and the watching women revelled in a deep sense of satisfaction. They ensured their slaves watched avidly, as their Mistresses appetite's for punishment later would be honed sharply.

Fortescue sobbed and dripped tears as the last of the women delivered her punishment with absolute relish. His cock slid to one side from the rounded bench and this was dripping visibly too. Marcia purred into his ear as his cock bulged and pulsed in the cage.

"The best is yet to come; I think you'll enjoy a caning later too, when we have your cage off again." He turned to smile at her; she acknowledged and then forced his head back to watch.

The two women in white coats came over and help Ruth adjust the snivelling Fortescue. They placed his knees on the flat stirrups which raised his bottom, leaving his cock and balls hanging and accessible. One of the women in white placed a pair of black silk knickerbockers under him between his belly and genitals. Marcia turned her slaves head momentarily toward Madame Tara, who stared back at him and licked her lips.

Mirrors were wheeled into position by some of the women to ensure that he might see what was to happen, even though he was to face his mistress and pleasure her. A mirror was held on Ruth's belly by an eager smiling woman. Fortescue was not to miss his own divine gift to the women.

The woman in white with the case stepped forward; she opened it and passed a huge syringe with a menacing needle to Sonia Peterson. Fortescue wept as he lapped at his mistress's bottom- she was to deny him and please herself- and eyed the various mirrors. The women clapped as she deftly held his proud balls.

She moved to one side to ensure he could see, and then smiling, she injected him in six different areas about the top of his scrotum. He jumped at the first, but did not feel the rest. Sonia then placed the needle down and grabbed his willing penis. She knew she had to work fast.

"Now you will come for me under my terms. It will be your last. I want you to remember the first time you came in my presence and of the occasions involving the women that have caned you. Now I shall have my pleasure of you and you will pay the penultimate price in deference to the superiority of womanhood." She stroked him back and forth as once again the women started a sow handclap.

He felt his balls numbing as he moaned in ecstasy and knew he would never experience this beautiful feeling again as he generously spattered the black silk with his cream. The other woman in a white coat, who worked in an asylum and routinely castrated unruly males, deftly took his balls and smiled sweetly at Fortescue's on looking reflection to ensure he had a good view of what was happening.

Her delicate hands displayed a sharp scalpel to him and the audience. She sliced expertly through the sack, eased out each ball and cut the tubes near to his body before tying them. She cut the scrotum to ensure not too much was left flapping and sutured the wound. His balls were handed to Sonia who then showed them to Fortescue. Ruth then pulled his head down to her sex and enjoyed a well-timed orgasm as Sonia displayed the trophy to the applauding women.

There had been little blood and the wound was simple and would heal very quickly; Fortescue had wanted this. He had been a slave to his balls all his life, and Ruth's dominance over him had crushed his egotistical will and he had learned that pleasuring his mistress was the ultimate in life.

Sonia held his balls triumphantly and then presented them to Ruth who put them in a jar which had been made ready. The women clapped and cheered. Another male had been emasculated; this was absolute heaven for them.

Fortescue was allowed down from the bench and knelt before his Mistress and the women who had taken great pleasure in removing his masculinity forever. He was made to thank them in turn and kiss their feet; they smiled contentedly as he did so. Ruth towered dominantly above him, the jar which contained his balls in hand. She stepped to the black silk on the bench and took a large drop of his cream on her finger. She made him lick it off.

"There, that's the last time you shall taste your own cream, but not the last time you'll taste others." The woman laughed and applauded. Ruth would ensure he would now endure continual humiliation. He would be made to watch other males service his mistress and she would delight in having him lick her clean afterwards.

His mind went back to the first time he had performed with Ruth, before he had been tricked into the recognition of his submissiveness. He had serviced her cockily and witnessed another male willingly clean her after; now he was to become that male, and no doubt he would taste the semen of males who would succumb to Ruth and find that the bench and scalpel were to become their ultimate mistresses. Ruth had used Lady Barbara's facilities on many occasions and her enjoyment of 'modifications' increased each time.

Now the shopkeeper would add to his humiliation and the delight of the women. She strode eagerly across to Fortescue on the stage, picking up his discarded cage from near the bench. He was made to watch and face the audience as she let it hang by the chain, then she hung another next to it with a ring upon it with internal spikes; the women clapped and cheered in recognition of it being a good three inches shorter.

"Stand before me" she commanded "No need for a cage anymore, you'll not mess your mistress's sheets again." the women laughed cruelly at him. She attached the short chain to the ring on his plug, which Fortescue was only allowed to remove once a day- every morning, and she clamped shut the hinged ring; the teeth of which bit teasingly into the base of his now limp and useless cock, making him wince a little.

"The pain of those teeth will make up for your lack of anxiety from the balls which you once proudly owned and serve to remind you that you have paid the penultimate price in honour of womanhood."

Though the ultimate may have been seen as the male giving up his life; and this event had been witnessed by the shopkeeper and many of the women in attendance, what Fortescue had suffered was arguably the ultimate. Though some of the more wicked women there had indulged in the deeply gratifying and satisfying pleasure of seeing a male dispatched, the dead do not suffer; emasculation allowed continual spite and humiliation and the owner of the male could witness the general deterioration of the once masculine subject as the removal of testosterone played its sweet tricks.

The shopkeeper laughed in his face as she teasingly played with his limp cock; half an hour before, Fortescue would have had a bone hard erection at this point. He automatically tried to urge the muscles that assisted this process, but nothing happened. He was impotent now and she had wickedly made sure he fully understood his predicament. Ruth smiled softly at him in a way he had not witnessed since they had first met, on that fateful occasion when it had been arranged that he would 'bed the older woman' and had arrived arrogantly at his destiny. Now he had given his manhood to her. He went down on his knees and kissed her feet.

"Thank you Mistress Ruth, thank you for releasing me from my torture." Ruth held him close as he knelt and wept. Over time, Oestrogen would take command and increase his femininity; he would get increasing pleasure from being loaned out as a maid to dominant women who would take great pleasure in humiliating his emasculated body. His plug would be removed more than once a day now, as he would be serviced with many a strap-on and enjoy having his prostate stretched and massaged as he bowed to his submissiveness. He would be used the way he once used women.

His tiny dick would be left to add to the humiliation, and he would soon yearn to be a woman. As promised he would soon witness the thrill of seeing his mistress serviced by males, taste their semen, and know they would inevitably follow him to that complete and utter ownership by superior and glorious womanhood.

Ruth triumphantly led him away by his leash; his shiny new ring dominating his limp cock, to thank Lady Barbara.

Another woman had pushed her way forward to arrive at the same time, to ensure that she now received maximum attention. She spoke with Lady Barbara and pointed to her slave who knelt and kissed her feet, displaying a handsome pair of balls. Lady Barbara smiled and nodded. He would not be keeping his balls for much longer. The women would soon receive another invitation to the venue.

Marcia allowed him to stand once more and looked him in the eye, kissed him and fondled his cage which was dripping.

"Would you like that to happen to you?" she said not smiling at this point. He was unsure and though he had got a strange sense of enjoyment at witnessing another male give up his balls to the women, the idea scared him. Without him answering she kissed and squeezed him again.

"Good! You must understand that what you have witnessed is never forced upon the male; Lady Barbara will only allow this to happen if she is happy that the male has requested that this should happen. A time may come when you feel as Fortescue did, though his masculine traits made him a little dangerous to women and I know you are not the same. You have always been gentle and I shall thoroughly enjoy your being a slave to your balls for as long as possible; I will allow you temporary release from that slavery as soon as we return to my bedroom, whilst the show we've just witnessed is fresh in our minds."

She fondled him lovingly, then re-asserted her dominant persona as she addressed her friends; she was anxious to get him back and have her pleasure of him. Madame Tara stroked his bottom with one of the rattans that had been used on Fortescue.

"Remember those knickerbockers won't you? I will expect to see a display worthy of Fortescue's efforts tonight when you present them to me, or I may have to cane your balls for you!" He looked at the formidable women and was sure he would not let her down. The thought of being engulfed by those huge thighs made his cock want to burst from the cage. Marcia laughed.

"My maids and I will watch him to ensure he does his duty properly before he attends" promised Marcia.

As they went the shopkeeper could not resist dangling a short chain in front of him.

To be continued

The Mistress of Holt House Ch. 04
bySputnik57©

The next day he was dressed in white as though ready for the 'tropics' and was taken by cab to the house he had visited before when dressed as a woman. The stern looking yet kindly woman with the jet black hair greeted him at the door and waved at Marcia who remained in the cab. Marcia leant from the cab window.

"Don't you spoil him Jenny; you make sure he remembers his place amongst women!" Miss Jennifer Ledbetter-Jones gripped his hand as he ascended the steps and looked at him warmly.

"Oh, I intend that you shall spoil me, though I'm sure you'll enjoy doing so." She bustled through the hallway, tightly and primly dressed in white also, her pert breasts jutting forward from her bodice. She smelled wonderful too. There seemed no menace to this women, yet he was sure she was just as dominant as the others. She walked him through the house to a side door which was open. A closed cab carriage with two horses waited outside on the cobbled street. Several bags waited by the door and she held her head, then turned spontaneously to him and squeezed him close; looking at him with a wicked smile, exciting him down below; he had no cage or plug for this client.

"I can't wait to get there and remove these clothes; I shall have you entertain me the moment we arrive." He was dumbstruck; she put her hand between his legs and caressed his cock and balls through the soft white flannel trousers.

"My girls will so enjoy you too; help me with these things and we'll be on our way – I'll just get Charity; she's upstairs, and Felicity our driver." He loaded the bags into the compartment under the rear seats of the carriage and Jenny and Chastity climbed in. A delightful looking woman in white jodhpurs and tight velvet jacket and riding helmet smiled sweetly at him before climbing up to the driving seat, making sure to display her sumptuous and rounded bottom as she did so. He put his foot up to the step and got into the carriage. Jenny introduced him.

"This is Chastity; she has been in my household for the past seven years; she came originally from Nyasaland in Africa." He was stunned by the beauty of this woman; her face had a gracefully sculpted look and her complexion was a deep velvety brown, though fully clothed he could see that she had a natural athleticism about her.

She also had a very proud and haughty presence. She looked at him with utter contempt at first, and then managed a rudimentary smile as she knew the sort of man he would be, having arrived with Marcia Rendlesham.

As a woman she had endured prejudices at the hands of men as had all Victorian women; as a black woman she had also endured racial prejudices at the hands of white men. She too could not wait to get her clothes off; she would take great pleasure from this white male. She knew they would both enjoy some of the role plays that Jenny liked them to indulge in; Jenny Ledbetter-Jones wrote romantic novels for a living, but also compiled risqué tales of erotica under the pen-name of 'Madame Noir' which were distributed by more covert means. They exchanged a few polite words and both wished they were at their destination.

Chastity stared blankly at him through dark brown eyes, occasionally drawing her tongue across her ample and very sexy lips. She wondered how obedient he would be, and how long his tongue was. He tried to picture her naked and wondered how she would taste; he looked away from her and out of the window to try to relieve his aching erection.

The streets rattled by and the population went about their business; street vendors selling newspapers, hats, chestnuts. Others offered services such as knife sharpening, boot repairs and polishing, and glazing repairs. He eyed the well-dressed women walking by with a completely different attitude now; he wondered how many of them were returning home to an eager male kneeling submissively by a bed, awaiting the whim of a Mistress. His world had been turned on its head. Though he had lost his independence he was more secure than he'd ever been and was thoroughly content with being owned. The carriage made its way through wooded country lanes now. He felt a hand glide between his legs; Jenny rubbed what was to be hers till tomorrow.

"Nearly there now; just the other side of this hill." The carriage traversed the gentle slope as it passed the crest of the hill; there in the near distance was a large and charming house which looked to have very large greenhouses to the rear of it. They drew around to the side of the house and the carriage pulled into a covered area. He got out and helped the women from the carriage. Chastity suddenly gripped his hand tightly and smiled.

"You're to come and help me undress; I'll introduce you to Celia and we will prepare you for Mistress." Jenny laughed.

"You are just going to love your time here, and it's going to start as soon as I see you in about ten minute's time." She started to unbutton herself there and then as she walked off, and he was taken into a terra cotta coloured room with huge fans in the ceiling and crisp white bedding. Chastity looked haughtily at him.

"Take your clothes off; I want to see your little white excuse for manhood bob around whilst you undress your black mistress." He did so and she sat on the bed in front of him, carefully folding his discarded apparel into a pile as he removed each item. She bore a vague but contemptuous smile as he removed his underwear, and beckoned him forward to begin the task of undressing her. He stepped eagerly forward and she hooked her little finger under the end of his semi-erect member.

"What a dear little man. Celia and I will have such fun with you." She said in a humiliating tone. He was beginning to enjoy her company. He carefully unbuttoned her blouse and found that she wore no bra; he had expected to find a rigid support as her breasts jutted forward when buttoned into her top, but found that they projected firmly forward of their own accord. He marvelled at the soft silky warmth of her brown skin, which shimmered in the sunlight through the windows as she moved on the bed to accommodate his attention. She eyed him with some satisfaction as she noted he was captivated by her beauty.

"Kneel down now and remove my boots." Having a white male kneeling naked before her, in the act of tending to her basic needs, gave her even more satisfaction. She tingled with pleasure as he gently handled her feet in unlacing her boots. She was so glad she had found Jenny; a like-minded women who encouraged her to indulge her fantasies, especially those where control of males was concerned. She had this one just where she wanted him, and intended to indulge all she could. Her boots now removed, she stood up. She commanded him to remove her skirts, whilst he remained kneeling. This provided as great a thrill for him; he fumbled with the broad buttons that retained her lower garment and she took this opportunity to chastise him.

"Don't make me undo them myself, or I shall have to show you the flat side of my hairbrush!" The thought made him all the more excited and he was tempted to fail, but the buttons relinquished their abnormal complexity and the skirts fell to the floor. He knelt there, spellbound by the grace of the woman before him. If ever any human being was designed to go as nature intended; it was she. The body before him was the epitome of femininity in shape. Her sweet face and graceful head was supported by a slender neck, which joined shoulders and a chest from which those pert breasts, which looked as though they'd been sculpted, projected so sweetly. Her torso swept in at the middle to a waist which needed no corset, and curved out again exemplifying her most feminine trait; a beautifully rounded bottom and hips which blended into her luscious thighs.

He knelt transfixed, staring at the heart shape of her lower body, and wondered when he would be allowed to explore what lay at its central point.

As she stood there, bathing in his obvious admiration, someone came through a door behind him. Chastity smiled and closed her eyes as if to say 'look what I have here'. He turned his head to see what could have been Chastity's twin. His erection bobbed at the thought of what was to come. The woman was wearing a toga-like garment, resplendent in bright colours. She smiled at him and pulled the bow which supported it at the shoulder; the colourful dress dropped to the floor and she stepped from it, naked and every bit as shapely as Chastity.

"Hello Celia. You took your time! I was about to take him along to Mistress Jenny on my own." Celia smiled back and picked a black leather bag from the table, in readiness to take along with her.

"I hope it wasn't you who striped his bottom like that! I'd have hated to have missed him receiving those!" She knelt behind him for a moment, pressed her excited nipples into his back, and stroked his bottom as she put her chin over his shoulder and sniffed.

"Oh he smells so nice already! I can't wait until we are all hot and sticky!" She opened the bag and took from it a studded collar which she gently and sensuously buckled around his neck. She then attached two leashes to it. She stood and passed one leash to Chastity, and they tugged together to let him know it was time to go to his Mistress for the evening, who had already shown her impatience.

They led him through several rooms and passages to the rear of the house. He could see greenery through tightly sealed French windows in the rear wall of the house. The windows were not too clear as condensation misted and ran in droplets down many of the panes. Chastity grinned and used a great deal of her strength in pulling one of the doors open; it was as though a vacuum kept it shut. He was immediately hit by a blast of hot and very humid air; the two girls seemed to revel in it. The door closed behind them somewhat easier than it had opened, and he found himself in a huge hothouse. Tiled pathways and steps curved between large beds of mature tropical plants, some fifteen or twenty feet tall. Colourful parakeets chattered and swooped through the foliage, oblivious to the fact that they were in Northern Europe.

Though the two beauties walked him very slowly, to allow him to take in the atmosphere and to indulge their own enjoyment of having a white male as a slave, the sweat began to drip down his brow and back. He noted that the two African women were beginning to glisten and glow nicely too; he watched excitedly as a bead of perspiration broke loose and ran down Celia's exquisite brown back, to disappear between the cheeks of her shiny buttocks which wobbled delectably before him.

The temperature seemed to increase the further they went into the hothouse, and it seemed to go on forever. He could hear the sound of running water as they dropped down an ornate flight of steps and turned a corner. There lying naked on a wicker sofa bedecked with leather cushions was Jenny. The area around her was softly padded with mats and large cushions. Behind her was an artificial waterfall flowing into a large bathing pool; bright exotic flowers drooped down from the flower-beds which surrounded it. A small table was within her reach and on it stood a pitcher full of fruit juice, and a large glass object. This had pipes and nozzles protruding from midway up, and a ceramic bowl at the top in which something was gently smoking. Though he did not smoke, he recognised the smell of tobacco, though this had another strange aroma to it. She beamed with pleasure at seeing him.

"Bring him over and make yourselves comfortable. I shall want him to indulge me as soon as he's prepared and taken in the mood of his surroundings, then I shall watch you girls play with him. I know you'll inspire my imagination!" They led him over and he knelt close to her; the sweat dripping down his belly and around his balls. The two African beauties squatted close to him, each ensuring to retain a tight grip on his leash for the moment; they wanted him to know he was owned by them. Jenny took one of the pipes from the object and inserted the nozzle between her lips which were ruby red. She smiled wickedly at him through eyes which seemed huge for some strange reason, and she inhaled, making liquid in the glass object bubble. She then blew the smoke at him, smiling as she did so. Its scent was strange but was not a bad aroma. She passed one of the flexible pipes to him.

"This is called a 'hookah'; I was introduced to it when in was in India. I used to be so innocent then; after a few puffs, I soon found myself at the mercy of my darkest urges – it helped allow me to be pleasured and violated in the most satisfying ways- I've never looked back. I demand that you try some." He took the nozzle and inflated his lungs; the taste was a lot hotter and harsher than he had expected. He coughed and spluttered with first inhalation; the black girls giggled and stroked him as he recovered. Their touch seemed suddenly intense, and his desire for them and the shapely middle-aged siren increased dramatically. The girls took a pipe each and inhaled too; they had no problem in dealing with the substance gracefully. He and Jenny took another sample each, and his head swam a little. He felt warm inside as well as out and admired the surroundings momentarily before giving the women his full attention once more.

His cock pulsed at the thought of pleasuring Jenny now. She noted his stare and was satisfied that he was ready. Chastity giggled again and delicately fingered his erect and willing cock as Jenny pulled her thighs up to her belly. She allowed him a full view of her shaven sex which bulged beautifully, in need of his attention. Her whole body glistened invitingly. The mature woman was in need of his services and was not to be denied. She nodded at the girls and they pulled his leashes toward her.

"You'll not need physical punishment tonight, but you shall be dominated just the same. You will give yourself up to womanhood in the most exquisite ways. I shall have you first and then you will taste mother Africa for the first time; these ladies will not be satisfied until they've made sure you given your all. You will know the most divine domination. I'll have your tongue now!" He slid onto the couch as she spread her legs; the heat coming from her sex radiated up as he gratefully buried his face into the slippery wetness. His tongue seemed to vibrate as he teased and rubbed her clitoris; he had never tasted such sweetness and he found he had to concentrate hard on the task in hand.

His mind seemed to wander as he thought of fruit and came close to biting her. He had to ensure he kept his eyes wide open so as not to drift elsewhere. Jenny was oblivious to his thoughts but evidently enjoying his attention; as she started to moan, his cock sprang to life from its own partial slumber. As he writhed on the leather cushions he felt a hand squeeze under him and encapsulate his glans; Chastity was not going to let him waste himself on the couch. This action brought back the sweet erotic sense of being owned; he was brought back to the realisation that he was there primarily to please the women. His cock bulged in her hand and she squeezed it teasingly.

Jenny's moans seemed to last an eternity, and then suddenly she grabbed his head and pressed her heels into the back of his shoulders; shuddering as she wailed with delight. His face was bathed in her slippery yet heavenly taste and scent as she attained the apex of satisfaction. She flopped back and laughed softly. Then she took another puff as she awaited the entertainment the girls would provide. Before he could rest he found himself being reeled in by the eager girls. Pulled onto the floor cushions, Chastity sat behind him and wrapped her arms athletically about him.

She squeezed her moist breasts into his back and licked his ears. Celia made sure she was comfortable in front of him, and put the nozzle to his lips once more. He willingly took several puffs, making his head spin. Celia bent down and put her gorgeous full lips about his member, making him buck in Chastity's arms. Having taken his entire length into the warmth of her mouth and throat, she then drew teasingly back, squeezing her lips as tightly as she could around his aching cock. She slowed as her lips rode sweetly over the contours of his glans making him writhe with pleasure. She licked her lips.

"You'll come many a time for us tonight, but not yet!" She took a leash and pulled it taut as she turned and bent before him, her glorious brown arse in his face. The beads of sweat glistened on her beautiful curves and dribbled down her thighs.

"Your first act of worship to black women will be to lick my arse; you shall know your place immediately." He needed no further prompting. The scent of this ebony goddess was heavenly as he nuzzled between her soft moist cheeks, his tongue seeking the reward of her puckered brown anus. He eyed her sweet sex below, the brown lips swollen and ready for satisfaction. He relished being allowed to lick her there too, but would wait the command of the dominant African. The effect of whatever it was he had been smoking accentuated the delectably pungent taste and smell of her bottom. His tongue probed deep into her willing rectal passage which she relaxed superbly for him.

"Good boy! You know this is what you were made for don't you? Chastity and Jenny are enjoying this as much as you and I. They'll want their arses licking too!" Chastity watched impatiently as she held him there, her pussy tingling expectantly. Jenny was arranging an erotic novel in her head as she enjoyed watching his obedience to the two black girls. She toyed with her pussy in readiness for her second orgasm of the evening, and yes, she would let the girls watch him lick their Mistress's arse later. She puffed again on the pipe as the remnants of the substance burned away.

When Celia was sure he had performed his duty to the full, and her pussy could not wait any longer given the stimulation of having her arse serviced, she made him flush his mouth with the fruit juice and pulled him down on the cushions. She looked dominantly down on him.

"Now you shall pleasure me, whilst Chastity milks you for the first time." She seemed to take extra pleasure in telling him what was to happen. His cock throbbed as Chastity's sleek hand wrapped itself about him. As he lay back, Celia smiled down and straddled him. She slowly squatted, showing him her athletic thighs and buttocks as she engulfed his face within her sweaty warmth. She sat astride his face and worked her pussy vigorously. He sucked and lapped at her sweet juices as brown slit slid back and forth, exposing the pink interior which contrasted with her almost jet black lips. Chastity pinned his legs down, and worked his eager cock. She stopped wickedly as Celia moaned in ecstasy and rocked back and forth in urgency. She screamed with delight and acute pleasure, splaying her legs and almost suffocating him under the soft folds of her arse. She giggled and lay to one side as Chastity flicked the end of his cock before turning and straddling his face herself.

"You're going to come whilst licking my arse, and then I'll allow you to show your appreciation by licking my pussy." Though the girls were not sticking to the script he did not care in the slightest. Jenny watched with anticipation. She would require his services again when Chastity was fulfilled. Her eyes were like saucers now, and she was thoroughly enjoying her use of Marcia's new slave.

Chastity arranged her sweet smelling bottom before him and he slipped his tongue into the deliciously tangy hole. She worked his cock once more. He was rigid and marvelled at the glorious sight of her rounded brown curves, as the sweat rolled down her crevice, adding a salty tang to his submissive pleasure.

"You'll show me your cream now. I want lots of it, or I shall cane you." The thought of being caned by this brown goddess was more than he could bear; he erupted into an orgasm the like of which he had not experienced before. His tongue probed deep into her arse, in a gratifying act of submission to all women, but especially to black women. Celia came into sight and stood looking dominantly down as he spurted and spent, and gave himself up to his betters.

There was no chance he would receive the threatened caning; Chastity giggled as she tormented his glans with her sharp thumb nail, ensuring his balls were milked to the maximum. His white cream dribbled down her thighs where he had shot it. The creamy whiteness contrasting against her silky dark brown skin, as it mingled with her sweat and slid away down the inside of her leg. The top of her brown hand was also covered as it hung on her knuckles; she giggled as she released his cock and licked the salty nectar from her hand.

"Pussy now!" She commanded impatiently and eased back. He did not hesitate in accommodating the bulbous hot sticky folds with his tongue; she tasted and smelled divine. Her juices dribbled as he worked his tongue up and down the length of her sex, she sat back impatiently as he nursed he clitoris, and arched her back as the welcoming sensations of a luscious orgasm tingled through her. She squatted with amazing strength and agility, grabbing his head with both hands and pulling him into her sex as she wailed on reaching that delectable zenith. His cock was now raising itself once more; the smell, taste and actions of this woman were unbelievably erotic. Jenny was close to another orgasm and could bear it no longer.

"My turn; you'll lick my arse now, and we'll see some more of your cream whilst you do it." She knelt in the couch, poking her beautifully mature arse out, and up. The sweat dripped down her arse and thighs and around her juicy sex, which her fingers rubbed. The two black girls took the leashes and pulled him, staggering over the cushions on his knees, to that heavenly bottom.

"It should smell nice and sweet; you have a nice sniff, and then get your tongue in there. I'm going to have an orgasm whilst you lick my arse and so will you; the girls will enjoy watching you masturbate. I will not allow you to stop licking my arse till you've come. I want you to lick your mess up when you've come." He willingly sniffed at the puckered dimple which presented itself so invitingly. The girls giggled with enjoyment as they witnessed his open submissiveness. She did indeed smell sweet, and tasted even better. His tongue glided around the dimple, taking in the sweaty tangy taste of the mature woman. It then slipped in to the warm and inviting channel of her anus, his nose enjoying her feminine fragrance. She moaned softly as he felt her rubbing away at her moist folds, occasionally touching his chin with her eager fingers.

He worked his now fully erect cock; Chastity cupped and fondled his balls. Celia stroked the cheeks of his arse. They both wanted to keep him reminded that they were watching his act of worship to women.

He was in absolute heaven as his tongue probed Jenny's lovely arse, he indulged his cock, and the two black girls who had him leashed, fondled him. Jenny's anus tensed delightfully around his tongue as she whimpered and moaned on reaching her second orgasm of the evening. He probed back and forth in her warmth as he stroked, and Chastity gently squeezed his balls as she felt him begin to spasm with pleasure. He looked at the glorious globes before him and sputtered into her anus, as he convulsed with pleasure, making the girls laugh at him. Jenny looked back over her shoulder and smiled with satisfaction, as she felt the warmth of his seed on the back of her leg. The girls pulled tightly on the leashes as he came, to let him know he was theirs. They pulled him down to lick up his mess as promised. Jenny shivered a little as his tongue eagerly set about its work on the back of her legs. They made him lick the drops from the leather cushions also.

As the evening wore on, they had several more samples of the hookah between sessions. The stars appeared above them through the glass roof, and all were pleasured many more times in the light of the many oil lamps. They bathed in the warm pool and then snuggled down together under blankets on the cushioning. Though the hookah had them all dreaming wildly about anything and everything, Jenny suddenly remembered something about an article Marcia had given her. She pulled something from a bag by the couch.

"Here, your mistress said I should show you these before you slept." She smiled and placed a pair of black silk knickerbockers under his nose. He duly sniffed them; he was not to be allowed to forget his promise to any member of the circle of women. He thought of the corseted virago and his cock pulsed. He would not be treated to the softness he had received tonight when he met with her. As he closed his eyes beautiful visions of black pussies, white arses, and black knickerbockers swirled about his mind.

The next day, Jenny showed him her ideas for some work she'd like him to carry out over the coming weeks, when he had time between other appointments. She also showed him an idea for a novel by 'Madam Noir'; this was about a white male enslaved by Africans. He nodded his approval. Chastity and Celia both gave him long kisses before he left, and promised they would have him again very shortly. He made it plain he would be very pleased to see them again.

He set off back to Holt House in a cab.

Marcia was in the library when he arrived. She kissed him warmly and sat him down. George appeared, looking very angelic as she delivered a pot of tea. He could not help but eye the prim and pretty red-head. When he looked her in the eye and smiled, she almost dropped the tray, and blushed pink with the realisation that he had actually noticed her. Marcia coughed to gain her attention.

"Thank you Georgina, that will be all for now. Our man will need some peace and quiet before his appointment tomorrow. I may send him to your room later, to view how it needs decorating. I trust you'll keep him company and advise how you'd like it?"

The ginger girl beamed, showing her sweet freckles. She had no need to answer, and nearly fell over herself.

"Yes Madam... I will" She looked him in the eye again.

"I'll see you later then, Georgina." He said as she backed away, her mouth agape. Marcia laughed as the girl disappeared through the door.

"God knows what tricks she will try in order to seduce you! Remember, you must have rest after you have completed your promise for Madame Tara. That's why I thought an evening and then a night with Georgina would be best; she'll do as she's told and will not mention anything to the other girls till after the event. There'll be no stopping her then. The others will think you are out; I will get a decent night's sleep. I know how you like red-heads; I'm sure she'll oblige in assisting you with your task for tomorrow." She smiled at him wickedly.

"I'd have loved to have overseen you doing that, before being packed away to a very dominant woman, but feel I cannot trust myself. We'll both be good for nothing in the morning if I spend the night with you, Tara has paid good money and we must be professional about our business. I'll have you on your knees in confession the moment you get back from her; if you've not been hospitalised!"

He spent the day committed to his various tasks; finishing the work he'd started in the library, which Marcia was very pleased with. She had shown this work to various female visitors, and introduced him to them. They were all eager to have him come and assess their situations, and have tea of course. Some of them were very attractive women indeed, and his view on life improved daily.

He was outside viewing the gables of the house which were in need of a little paintwork, when a small arm and hand beckoned to him through the railings at the front of the house. A tiny and scruffy waif who looked about fifteen looked at him with sorry and bewildered eyes. She had a pretty, if grubby face. The pompous women in their huge bustle dresses, who walked by with their escorts, gave her a wide berth.

"Please mister, spare us a copper, I aint got nuffink to eat." He thought back to the winters he had spent in shabby bedsits, freezing cold and hungry, between jobs. Even though he had a roof over his head this had been hard enough. He dug into his pockets and found a shilling which he handed the child. She clutched at it and nearly cried.

"Fank you! Fanks so much mister, I won't forget this!" He looked pitifully at the girl.

"You mind you buy food with it, not gin!" She smiled at him and he watched her walk off and canter across the street between carriages, careful to avoid the piles of excreta left by the horses. He was about to turn away when he noticed a burly and shabby looking man grab her, and half drag her away. She looked back in the direction of the house and him, as if to ask that he did not give her away. He gripped the railings and thought about giving chase. What could he do? He could only hope that the shilling benefitted her and no-one else. He went back into the house and forgot about it.

As the evening arrived he slipped quietly upstairs, careful to avoid Belinda, Lottie, and the formidable and attractive Amanda. He readied his bag with the outfit which had been pre-selected for him by Marcia, at the behest of the woman who would soundly dominate him on the morrow. He then quietly ascended the stairs to George's room. He tapped quietly on the door; it swung open almost before he had time to remove his knuckles from the woodwork.

He was hit by a wall of sweet fragrance, as the pretty ginger girl grabbed his hand and pulled him in, shutting and bolting the door behind them. She sat him on the bed next to her and asked him if he wanted to share her lemonade with her. He thanked her and said he'd love some. She was wearing a one-piece white nightshirt, tied in the middle. The buttons down the front were undone to a level which would have been considered very daring for a Victorian woman; as she nervously poured him a glass he could see the cleavage between her delicate little round breasts. She knew he would notice, and her nipples suddenly protruded through the fabric of her gown as she enjoyed the excitement of his attention.

She looked very virginal, sat there in white, her red hair untied and flowing down her back. She was looking at the ceiling and walls and expressing how she'd like it transformed. He was not taking a blind bit of notice. He was looking at her, and he sniffed her radiant hair, brushed it to one side and kissed her pure white but freckly neck. She hastily dumped her glass on the bed-side table and put both arms round his neck and pressed her sweet little pink lips against his. He obliged by indulging her in a long and tender kiss.

He put his hands on her warm little bottom, which she lifted obligingly to allow him to spread his hands over its entirety. His cock swelled immediately. He realised that this was going to be a little tortuous to say the least. Though he would be able to have her make him come on the knickerbockers, he was overcome by this sweet ginger maiden. God how he wanted to tie her up, spank her, and fuck her senseless. Though he was a slave to all women, this one was designed to bring out the dominant streak in anyone. No wonder she was teased incessantly by the others and spanked routinely by Amanda. When they broke from the kiss, she looked at him with puppy-dog eyes and asked a question of him with all sincerity.

"You do like me don't you? You're not just here because you've been told to, as some sort of punishment?" He looked deep into her eyes and squeezed her tight. He kissed her again and again, unbuttoned her shirt allowing a full view of her breasts and kissed those too.

"George, I could eat you. There's nowhere else I'd rather be than with you at the moment. You mean as much to me as anyone else in this house, in fact you are very, very special." He was not telling her any lies; he promised himself at that moment that he would have her face down and arse in the air at the earliest opportunity. He could sense that this flowering young female was in urgent need of the carnal physical attention of a male, and he intended to make sure that male was he. Her vivid green eyes welled up as he spoke.

He told her exactly why he was there that evening, and of the sordid details about the knickerbockers. She smiled now and started to undress him, as far as she was concerned, she had suddenly become import and truly wanted for the first time. Her mind flirted with the idea of being dominant; she smiled as his trousers dropped to the floor, exposing the manhood she would tease to orgasm over the black silk later.

"You shall have to do just as I tell you, or I may not allow you to go tomorrow. I shall want you to please me at least five times to earn your reward." She said, as though mimicking Marcia or Amanda.

He grabbed her and pushed her flat on her back on the bed; she giggled uncontrollably. He pulled her nightdress from under her, and viewed her gorgeous young body with wonderment. Her silky white flesh with its sweet freckles, and her red hair and green eyes screamed out to be ravished. He was going to find tonight very difficult in the most exquisite way. He licked the underside of her chin as he held her down, and worked his way down around her soft little breasts. He relinquished his grip on her arms as he licked her white belly, and went down to her cute little red tuft above her eager womanhood. He sniffed and licked at the tops of her thighs and her sex. The scent and taste truly was good enough to warrant him eating her. He lifted her legs and she sighed with contentment as he lapped at her darling little pussy. She put her hands behind her knees and moaned in earnest as he sucked and nibbled her clitoris; she wailed with relief as he brought her off for the first time.

They both knew they were destined to revisit this situation on many occasions.

Throughout the evening, he cuddled and manipulated the attractive ginger female, without indulging his own desire, and took great satisfaction in seeing her reach contentment.

What Georgina Grantham really yearned for, was to feel the caress and loving touch of a male who cared for her, holding her close as she drifted off to sleep. Though the evening had been beyond her wildest dreams so far, she was anxious to relieve him of his burden and claim the warmth of his tenderness toward her. She took the initiative and pulled the silk from his bag. He smiled warmly at her and she snuggled against him, taking his manhood in her delicate hand. She worked him rhythmically over the silk and he squeezed her tightly and moaned in her ear as he delivered his seed almost reluctantly, as was requested.

He discarded the garment and thanked her, squeezing her close and engaging her in a loving kiss. He then wrapped his arms about her soft body and nibbled the back of her neck through her soft hair as they lay together in the warmth and security of her bed. This was the ultimate prize for her, and he willingly ensured she realised her dream as she drifted off to sleep in his arms, his breath softly blowing on her cheek and shoulder as he held her close.

When she woke in the morning, she found he had already left her bed and had prepared for his visit to Madame Tara. She lay in the bed as if paralysed. He kissed her and promised he would spend the night with her again as soon as he could arrange to. She cuddled up to the pillows and imagined he was still with her and drifted off to sleep again.

As he left Holt House to take the awaiting cab to Madame Tara's residence, he saw the young waif again. One of her eyes was a mass of purple and blue; her lower lip was visibly distorted. She must have meant him to see her, yet she rushed away and mingled with the urban throng as soon as she had gained his attention. The thought of her remained with him till he reached his destination.

To Be Continued.

The Mistress of Holt House Ch. 05
bySputnik57©

The cab arrived at a large detached three story Georgian property surrounded by a high wall. The house was set back about 25 yards from the street and the garden was laid to lawn and neatly cut, though no flower beds; just a few box hedges symmetrically placed and trimmed square. The path cut straight to the huge black front door.

As he closed the gate behind him, several black crows lifted off from the roof of the house, cawing noisily with displeasure at their being disturbed. The whole situation was one of austere foreboding somehow; the perfect residence for a wickedly dominant woman. Though he got a great deal of pleasure from his submissiveness, he was wary of this adventure. He had an idea that Madame Tara was a man-eater; he remembered how she had reacted when Fortescue had made his sacrifice, her absolute joy at seeing a man emasculated stuck vividly in his mind.

As he walked toward the house he noticed a figure at the window. His cock bulged as he realised it was Madame Tara; she stood motionless, all in black as ever, and looked down on his arrival without smiling. He swallowed hard at the thought of her being in a dark mood. He stepped up to the imposing door and rang the bell. He was on the point of ringing again, when the door was pulled open.

"Come!" A deep and feminine voice ordered him in. Before him stood a masked woman in a one piece tight leather cat-suit, a small white apron tied about her waist was the only clue to her being a servant. The large hallway was decorated in purple; it had the feel of a boudoir.

"In here and clothes off." She said sharply as she waved a wicked looking cane with her gloved hand at a door to the side. She followed him into the room which was pink all over, ceiling and all. It was furnished with items, ranging from red to cerise. She smiled at him with bright red lips as he hurriedly stripped before her. He was made to wear a short white silk shirt, as per the modification night, and the maid fitted him with a collar.

"I trust you've been a good boy with Madame's silk? She will know if you've messed more than once- I hope you've been honest and made a good show for her." She ushered him out into the hall with the knickerbockers in hand.

"Kneel! You may kiss my feet now." He did as he were told and kissed the toes of the tightly buttoned boots of the dominant servant; He would willingly have served her in any way she chose. She left him, naked but for the shirt and collar, kneeling in the middle of the hall. He watched her pert bottom move sweetly in the tight black leather as she strode away, through a door under the stairway, closing it behind her.

He was made to kneel there for a good ten minutes to allow him to contemplate what may be in store for him. Then a door opened and the magnificently dominant Madame Tara walked slowly out onto the landing. She stood at the top of the stairs, riding crop in hand, the curves of her mature body emphasised to full erotic impact by her tight black corset. Her full breasts were wrapped in a black satin blouse, and a full length black velvet skirt hid the thighs he would no doubt be made to worship.

She descended the stairs slowly, allowing him to contemplate the sheer dominance in her presence. His arse tingled with a mixture of fear and pleasure, and his cock bobbed fully erect in a salute to the magnificent woman's approach. He looked up at her as she toyed with the crop; she surprised him with a sneer which was almost a smile.

"I've been waiting all week for your visit. I've not indulged with any slaves for several days, and have been very impatient and spiteful with my servants because of this. I know you are here as per your Mistress's appointment, but I shall consider that you have kept me waiting just the same. You shall enjoy extra punishment for making me impatient. Kiss my feet!" He went down immediately and kissed the toes of the black shoes she wore. She pressed the end of the crop into the back of his neck to ensure he knew to continue his submissive act of worship until she was fully satisfied. The crop was lifted from his neck after several visits to each shoe, and was brought smartly across the cheeks of his raised arse to signify she was satisfied. He jumped at the sudden sting.

"Oh, I am so going to enjoy your complete and utter submission to me. You shall truly recognise your place at the feet of all women when you leave this house, and I would like you to remember when you are receiving the utmost pain and humiliation, that I shall have you back at least once every month. I shall also have you begging to leave, and begging to come back again. My girls and I will break you again and again; I will have you worshipping the plain femininity of my scullery maid." He was already willing to worship any female at that point.

He stared longingly at the folds of that black velvet skirt and longed to be allowed to pay homage to the symbol of her womanhood which lay behind it. His cock pulsed and bobbed. He was already dribbling pre-cum. She put her finger through his collar and extended her arm, making him lean back; his cock and balls jutting forward. She sniggered and slapped his balls softly with the leather tongue of her crop, the pain making his stomach turn. She then wiped the end of his cock with the tongue, making the slit ooze lubricant and making the leather glisten. She smiled wickedly at him as she offered it up to his mouth.

"Lick it clean. One of your main purposes in life from now on will be to use that tongue as a cleaning tool; I'll have lots of things that will require the services of your tongue. You'll have used it to chastise women at some point in your life, and now you'll pay for it." Though he could not recall having had cross words with a woman since adulthood, he was willing to suffer just the same.

She pulled a leash from under her corset and linked it to the mechanism on the collar; it had a choke action which she delighted in demonstrating to him. She sneered as she put one hand by the collar and pulled back with the other; as he quickly fought to catch his breath she did not relent and watched with calm satisfaction as he reddened, then went white and began to go blue. He looked up for some sign of pity, but saw nothing but sheer enjoyment in her eyes. Though genuinely in fear of his life at that point, his cock was rigid in recognition of the utter dominance and control of this woman. She gave him no quarter till he had virtually blacked out. He sucked the air in and panted wildly; his heart pounding. She slapped his face.

"Now you'll know what will happen if you misbehave; even the youngest girl here will have you a death's door in a trice. I'll have you upstairs now; I want to see if you've satisfied my knickerbockers." He picked up the black silk and started to stand as she pulled on his leash. The crop came down hard across his back, stinging him viciously.

"Remain on your knees!" He did so and she turned and smiled curtly at her prize as he laboriously negotiated each step on his knees and shins. When he faltered occasionally, she gave him a teasing choke to ensure he did not keep her waiting. Though progress was painful, her lovely round velvet clad bottom wavering teasingly above him, ensured his cock remained erect with anticipation. On reaching the landing she led him to the room from whence she had emerged. This was much easier on his knees as the floor was covered with Persian rugs. The décor was as outrageous as the rest of the house. Pink and violet walls were set off by red leather furnishings. Though undoubtedly, not to the taste of all women; this was definitely the domain of a female. Free from any masculine constraint.

The walls were adorned with classical depictions of women, whom he surmised were Boadicea, Cleopatra, and Joan of Arc etc. In a central position facing the window she had viewed his arrival from, was a huge four poster bed, bedecked with black silk sheets and black silk canopy. In a prominent position between bed and leather couch was a large ceramic umbrella stand, filled with various wicked looking canes.

She made him kneel next to the bed and walked slowly over to the selection of canes. He could not take his eyes from the curve of her hips and the black velvet, but she soon drew his full attention as she whisked a cane from the stand and cut the air with it. His cock pulsed at the sound. She walked slowly over to the head of her bed and rang a service bell.

"I'll have my girls come and witness the inspection of my silks; they will enjoy seeing you punished. I take it you obeyed me and indulged in your reminder of me each night?" He was strangely impressed at her complete sense of indifference to the situation as she strutted primly before him with the promised cane in her hands.

"Yes Madame Tara, I did as you instructed me." He was interrupted by the entrance of five more females, led by the cat-suited girl who had invited him into this womanly lair. All the girls were dressed as provocatively as the first; they all wore small black masks over their eyes. One other was cat-suited identically to the first, a blonde pony-tail betraying her different identity. The other three looked like bizarre ballerinas to him; their bare legs were on show and they perched on small ankle boots which pronounced their legs and buttocks beautifully. They wore tight satin bodices through which their excited feminine parts bulged through.

The youngest was a delightfully plump girl with red hair. She smiled in obvious anticipation of seeing his pending humiliation. The girls seemed to know exactly where to stand. Hey had obviously become accustomed to witnessing punishments. Madame Tara welcomed them, and then turned to him, as he knelt with fully erect penis displayed to the ogling girls.

"We were saying; you sniffed my knickerbockers -- did you enjoy smelling where I'd soiled them? I know how filthy you males are." The girls all laughed at this and eagerly awaited his response as she whipped the cane through the air menacingly.

"Yes Madame Tara I did enjoy smelling where you'd soiled them." He could not lie, and the girls gasped and tutted theatrically.

"And that's not ALL you did, is it? Open them up before the girls. You know what to expect if they are dirtier than when I sent them to you!" The girls giggled and sneered as he began to unfold the knickerbockers. At the last fold the silk was stuck together; he peeled them apart. Spattered white streaks spoiled the black underwear. She poked them with the cane.

"Tell the girls how this happened. They look filthy!" He looked up at the dominant woman and her smiling charges.

"I masturbated on them Mistress Tara." The girls looked at him with studied disgust. Mistress Tara was very pleased with the way the show was going. She loved to humiliate as much as she loved punishing.

"Well girls, once again we learn of how filthy men are. Wasting himself on a pair of knickerbockers he has admitted sniffing. I think he has earned a caning; do you agree?" The girls all chanted in unison.

"Yes Mistress. Cane him!" She sat on the edge of the bed. The air in the room was perfumed with the subtle scent of female arousal. She unbelted the velvet skirt he had admired since arriving; she wore nothing underneath. She spread the velvet over the bed and stood before him. She pulled on the leash so that his nose was close to her sex.

"There, a nice fresh smell for you! Now I want you to beg to be caned in front of the girls. The sooner you do it, the sooner we'll have the caning over with. I intend to give you a caning to remember!" He looked at the glorious woman and her grinning girls. Though this would be humiliating, it was also deeply erotic. His sphincter clenched and tingled in anticipation of sampling the cane being applied by this formidable and dominant woman.

"Please Mistress Tara, I beg you; please cane me in front of your girls." The plump red-head was already rubbing herself; her satin showing a distinct wet patch.

"Good boy! You know you have deserved it. As you have soiled my knickerbockers, you cannot be trusted to not do the same to my sheets, so you shall have the velvet. Girls, you have witnessed what he did to my underwear, now you will witness him disgrace himself before your eyes. I shall cane him until he repeats the actions that spoiled my silk!" She yanked his collar and had him lay down on the velvet facing the girls; his feet toward the head of the bed. The girls and Madame arranged full length mirrors from either side of the bed, so that he may witness his own punishment to the full. His cock buzzed on the smooth and comfortable service as he awaited the pain of the strokes. Tara took the soiled underwear and arranged the crotch so it would go under his nose; she lifted his head and placed them in front of his face, pushing him down into them. The soft feminine scent of her sex made his manhood rigid. She laughed at him.

"There, you'll know just who's making you weep, and weep you shall."

She then took a cushioned tubular bolster made from leather and slipped this under the velvet and his groin. His cock slipped nicely on the velvet and leather, and his arse was now elevated invitingly. He was now ready for the caning.

Madame Tara stood back and flexed the cane looking supremely dominant. She made sure he was able to view some of the girls and see her wielding the vicious cane in a mirror, whatever way he turned his head. She whipped the cane through the air several times, testing its flexibility and to get accustomed to its weight. She wore tight leather gloves to ensure it did not blister her hands; she intended to use it extensively.

"You will now receive a severe caning for soiling my silks and keeping me waiting. You will enjoy my scent and the pain I will inflict on you on behalf of all women. You will cry in front of my girls in proof of your weakness as a male, and in recognition of female supremacy. They will enjoy watching you suffer and will rejoice when you give you give yourself up to the velvet in total submission to womanhood." He watched in the mirror as she smiled wickedly and lifted the cane for the first time. His cock pulsed and squirmed in its already ample lubrication as the girls looked on with spiteful faces, awaiting his suffering. Down came the cane.

He gasped and cried out with the unbelievable pain of the stroke, which seemed to sink deep into his buttocks. He buried his head in the silk and inhaled the heavenly scent as the second stroke creased his arse making him cry out. The searing pain had his eyes watering immediately. He could see the delight in her face in the mirror as the dominatrix relentlessly whipped the cane down, stroke after stroke, making him squirm on the bolster. The agony of the cane had him crying like a baby after seven or eight strokes; the girls watched his pain with glee, and revelled in the spectacle of him convulsing with the pain. They were enjoying watching him being broken and Madame Tara would ensure they were not disappointed.

After eighteen or twenty strokes he was writhing rhythmically on the bolster, his tears had soaked the silk bringing new life to the feminine juices which he sniffed with each stroke. The pain had reached a zenith now and the pleasure in his cock took command; the next stroke seemed to excite rather than pain him. He looked at the magnificent woman who would deliver him, and the eager young ladies smiling at his submission. His cock slipped back and forth on the bolster as the cane whipped down. His torso tensed as that beautiful realisation tingled through his balls and up through his whole body. The full and thrilling erotic moment now overtook everything as he began his complete submission to womanhood.

His arse almost reached up to meet each stroke now; he did not want the superb female to ever stop caning him, as he looked deep into the eyes of the smiling young women through his tears- he was now thoroughly enjoying his humiliation in front of them. The velvet and the bolster would wait no longer; he grunted and moaned in uncontrollable ecstasy as he pumped and spurted deliriously. The girls applauded as he gave himself up; their actions and the vision of their absolute joy fuelling his orgasm, as he spurted endlessly under the wicked cane.

The tears continued to roll down his cheeks after the orgasm subsided, as much with acute pleasure as with the pain which now returned. Madame Tara stood by, panting with her exertions and smiling with deep satisfaction. She loved to cane males to orgasm. One of the girls lifted his head and wiped his tears with the knickerbockers; his arse throbbed and every slight movement made it twinge. Madame Tara took an eighteen inch mirror from a dressing table and had him peer back over his shoulder as she held it above him with obvious delight. His arse was a mass of bright red weals, but surprisingly little blood; one of the girls obligingly wiped his buttocks with a lotion which made him jump almost as much as when caned. She replaced the mirror and had him move from the bed and kneel on the floor once more.

His flaccid cock dribbled, spent but satisfied. She then took the cane and played with the end of his defeated and deflated cock; the girls giggled at his little member, as the cane teased a little life back into it. He looked at her gorgeous round arse as she turned and pulled the velvet from the bed.

"Well you certainly have earned another caning. Look at the mess you've made!" He could not deny this; the deposit he'd left on being caned was far in excess of the reason for his original caning. She pulled him up by the leash as she clambered to the head of the bed.

"As you become acquainted with my girls and me on your visits, you will soon become addicted to being caned. I promise you will come begging for it within three months. I think my velvet bears testimony to that fact, does it not?" She pulled the leash downwards and smiled victoriously as she said this. She would shortly want to be thanked for his pleasure.

"Yes Madame Tara." He could not deny it, and feared he would relish another caning; his balls ached slightly after his extensive delivery. He would certainly endure the cane again if it meant he could re-live the level of ecstasy he'd experienced. The girls now all sat in a line by the bed, looking impatient. Tara looked in their direction and smiled, then spread her beautiful thighs and pulled him in to her glorious sex.

"Now you'll thank us all for your pleasure. When you've worshipped us all, your little cock will be ready to for a game with the girls; it will be master for once only, as it will determine what happens on your next visit." He did not hesitate at the chance to worship Madame Tara. Her sex was delightfully moist and his mind revisited the caning often as he enjoyed the warmth and scent of this fabulous woman. Now that she had caned him to submission, she was almost affectionate with him.

As he lovingly licked and probed her depths with his tongue she caressed his hair, but rubbed the backs of his legs with the cane to remind him of her absolute dominance. She arched her back against the pillows and tensed her torso against his face as she achieved a satisfying orgasm at his expense. His head dropped to the bed as she slid across the bed and beckoned to the first in the queue. The cat-suited harpy who'd already had her feet kissed by him was the first apprentice to report for her pleasure.

She struggled on the bed as she removed the tight leather to reveal a hot, sticky and needy pussy. She tugged dominantly on his leash and he descended on her eager mound. Her scent, now unleashed from the confines of the hot leather was overpowering. His cock saluted the strong feminine odour and was fast becoming ready for further duty. As he licked willingly and vigorously between the youthful thighs, he wondered just what the 'game' might be, and what outcome? It was not long before the budding dominatrix squealed with pleasure and nearly pulled his ears off as she pressed him home to ensure she was sated.

One by one the girls came and his tongue was put to good use, till he faced the youngest. The chubby ginger girl may have been just eighteen. She was acutely bitchy and his cock seemed to recognise that this was a natural dominatrix in development. She kneeled before him on the bed and curtly slapped his face. The girls applauded as she made him lick the inside of her satin bodice when she removed it. She then grasped the cane before lying back and lifting her legs high and wide, pulling them right back to expose both beautiful orifices sweetly. Unsmiling, she then addressed him.

"You'll sniff my arse first, and then give it a good licking. I'll tell you when I'm ready to have my womanhood worshipped." He did not argue with this young dominant and he obediently went down to the cleft in her milky white buttocks, admiring her delicate ginger bush as he went below it to her soft brown button. As he inhaled her gorgeous tangy scent, she prodded his red weals with the cane, making him wince and gasp.

"Lick my arse now; I want your tongue in as far as it will go." He duly obliged and deftly made sure to lick the circumference of her sweaty anus, enjoying the tart taste, before slipping his tongue deep in to the tight warmth. His cock was rigid once more as he indulged her rectum and his own deeply erotic sense of submission to a dominant girl less than half his age. She teased his tortured arse with the cane once more; as she did so he longed for her to cane him in earnest. He would come as never before if she were to punish him while the others watched. She started to pant and pulled his head away from her anus, much to his disappointment. He soon became engulfed in the sweet smell, and pleasure of her tight ginger pussy. Her spiteful prods and taps with the cane became more erratic as she lost control and immersed herself in a long and healthy orgasm. Now the game would begin.

He was taken to the centre of the room and made to kneel on a padded foot stool. The naked girls clutched at their garments grinning eagerly. Madam Tara approached and stood before him, allowing him to take another sniff at her recently pleasured womanhood. She then tied the abused knickerbockers about his eyes, blindfolding him. He quivered with anticipation as she teased his erect and bobbing cock with the cane.

"The young ladies will now have you sniff the crotches of their garments once more and will lay them on the floor randomly before you. You will masturbate whilst I tease you with the cane and the girls take turns at choking you. The girl that owns the garment that catches the most of your mess will have the pleasure of administering your first caning when you next visit." His cock pulsed at the thought of one of these young women punishing him. They all in turn had him sniff their sweet scents before depositing their garments on the floor under his cock. Tara sharply whipped his sore arse and bade him begin. He stroked himself back and forth as delicate hands took pleasure in disciplining him with the choker. Tara tormented with the cane. The others clapped in time as he was deprived of breath again and again and he struggled to maintain his strokes. Inevitably the pleasure of the situation would not allow this to continue, and as one maiden sniggered as she delighted in tightening the noose, he started to convulse. The others clapped to a crescendo as he gratefully clenched his tortured buttocks and shot his cream ecstatically and blindly across the floor before him.

The excited girls gathered round and held him tightly as Tara removed the silk. The girls looked down. A satin bodice was decorated sweetly with a large loop of his sticky offering, plus several blobs of his grateful gift. The chubby ginger girl bent over displaying her fine white arse as she went. She picked up her messy bodice and smiled wickedly at him. He would be hers on the next visit.

He was caned mercilessly twice more by Madame Tara more on his first visit. She really liked to get her monies worth. He was good for nothing when he was eventually allowed to leave the house. But Madam Tara was right; he was looking forward to the return and another caning by the time he reached the gate.

To be continued...

The Mistress of Holt House Ch. 06
bySputnik57©

He was more than grateful to reach Holt House on this occasion. As he stepped gingerly from the cab; his arse and legs stiff from his activities, he looked up at the house which was roseate in the setting sun. He thanked his good fortune as the cab clip-clopped away behind him, and as he viewed the welcoming windows of the residence he suddenly though of the poor girl he'd seen again before leaving.

With his hand on the wrought-iron gate he quickly scanned up and down the street which was mostly deserted now. In the distance a lamp-lighter whistled as he descended back down his ladder from a lamp post having ignited the gas with his burner; soon it would be dark, and cold. He thought about making a quick reconnaissance of the nearby streets, but was just too weary. Besides, what would he do if he found her? Give her more money? Bring her to Holt House? He kidded himself that the colourful shiner he'd seen on her face earlier was down to a tumble, having had a shilling's worth of Dutch courage. He failed to convince himself but swung the gate open; it gave a shrill metallic squeak as hid did so, another small job he'd gratefully do tomorrow out of sheer respect for his new and comfortable home.

A smiling face with red hair opened the door to him; alerted by the maintenance necessary to the gate.

"Greasy fingers tomorrow." He said as Georgina welcomed him in. Marcia was waiting for him, dressed in a silk night-gown. She looked at him warmly as he carefully alighted on the soft sofa cushions by her side and George knelt before them, still grasping his hand. Marcia pulled him close and kissed him softly.

"I know you'll have earned your keep for a month where you were today. We're going to treat ourselves to some alcoholic aperitifs this evening, and treat young Georgina to some too; I'm sure we're both very grateful for her help. Then we'll all cuddle up in my bed together; I want to ensure my property is warm and comfortable and has a good night's rest." He was nearly asleep as it was; his head rested on her silk covered breasts as he inhaled her soft sweet scent. The ginger girl he now faced from the clutch of his benevolent mistress was the antithesis of the virago he had endured and serviced earlier.

Marcia Rendlesham was the epitome of female dominance. She was quite happy to indulge and even pamper her male prodigy, as she knew that he was naturally submissive and would not hesitate to obey her most basic command or whim. It was this natural state of things which allowed her to enjoy him, without any need for her to demonstrate the slightest reference to her superiority over him. She also knew that his sexual desire and libido will have been stretched to the limits by her acutely dominant business associate; he would now be allowed to recover so that whoever received his services next, would have his full attention.

Georgina's softness had been a tonic for him prior to his ordeal, she would now be key in assisting Marcia in ensuring his recovery. A quiet night was guaranteed as Lottie, Belinda, and the formidable Amanda were being entertained at a music hall in town.

He rapidly recovered from his stiffness as the alcohol worked its anaesthetic- like qualities on him, Marcia indulged his affections, and Georgina became very daring in her approach; squeezing him close on the sofa, the other side of Marcia, making the most of every minute of the evening. At about ten thirty, the three indulged in the soft luxury of the bed. He lay there in the soft folds, sandwiched between mature and youthful beauty, as willing a captive as he could ever be, and slept without the slightest intervention from the inebriated equipment between his legs.

The following morning was announced by crisp sunshine. He was as stiff as a board at first and his head a little woolly, but was soon revived by the attentions of the willing Georgina; dynamic in her enthusiasm in feeding him and Marcia breakfast. After washing this down with several cups of tea, he spent the majority of the day attending the gables of the house. The squeak of the gate as a visitor arrived, rminded him of that other job. In the late afternoon he donned a working apron and retrieved a pot of grease from the basement.

He had just finished applying a liberal smearing of grease to the last hinge at the top of the gate when a commotion across the street caught his attention. Though not clearly audible, he could hear the snarls of an oaf of a man; the waif of the previous days being almost dragged by him. The wealthier pedestrians gave the two a wide berth, pretending to be oblivious to the ruffian, and his management of a girl half his size. Though at some considerable distance, she looked over to him at the gate, with eyes that betrayed her fear even from afar.He quickly wiped his hands on the apron and furtively crossed the road, following the two stealthily.

As darkness descended he struggled to keep an unnoticed distance from the couple, whilst maintaining visual contact. As he walked on, the tone of the neighbourhood descended in keeping with the light; they traversed narrow alleys, passed shabby courtyards and filthy semi-derelict buildings. The air grew thick with wafts of mist; he realised they must be close to the river now.

They paused outside a decrepit ale house; the oaf wiped a dirty window with his ragged sleeve and peered in, then gesticulated at someone inside. The girl moved to one side in a feeble attempt to escape as his attention was diverted; the oaf grabbed her and slammed the frail body against the wall. As he did this, a wiry male appeared in the light of the open door, leering at the girl; he dug deep into his pocket and passed something to the oaf, probably a fee. He had a spirit bottle in the other hand, which he passed to the oaf who downed almost half of the contents immediately. The girl squirmed as the thin man fondled her, and she was taken further on by the two, to even gloomier surroundings. They were right by a large tributary of the river now; this part had silted up and saw no trade anymore. The old wooden warehouses went four stories up, and leaned out over the filthy sewage laden creek. The gantries above which once allowed access to the holds of ships below, now looked down on mud several fathoms deep. The sight was all the more depressing as the tide was out; the rivulets through the thick mire giving the scene a positively evil look. The two men looked about them to ensure they were not seen, and dragged the unfortunate girl through a door into one of these rickety wooden buildings. He waited a minute or two then went to the door they had disappeared through.

It was almost pitch black inside, and he closed his eyes for a few moments to allow them to become accustomed, and utilise what little light was available. He could hear murmurings from beyond, and detected a dim shimmering of light through the floorboards above him. Though he was filled with trepidation, his fears for the girl outweighed his own concerns; he carefully ascended the creaky stairs in pursuit of the party. As he reached the next level he found a rudimentary lamp showing the way to the next flight of stairs across a floor which had gaping holes in it, just to add to the difficulties he may face if he needed to make a swift escape. The next level was equally as treacherous; it looked as though several attempts to burn the structure to the ground had been attempted, its damp and rotten timbers becoming the unkempt building's ironic saviours.

He carefully ascended the last flight of stairs and peeped round into the grotto-like floor space before him. It angered him as he heard the sad whimpering of the girl and the course voices of the oaf and his thin client; the building moved visibly as the two slapped the girl around and wrestled her to the floor where a makeshift mattress had been assembled. The oaf slapped her.

"Shut yer row! There's aint nobody gonner help you here. Get yer underwear off and show the bloke what you've got; he aint paid to watch you blubber!" The oaf then retreated and sat on a broken chair with his bottle, swigging it and smiling as the terrified girl dropped her loose underwear. It struck him that the thin man was happy to have paid to see the girl blubber; he seemed to be getting a great deal of pleasure from her distress. He unbuttoned his flies and pulled his erect cock out; grabbing the girl by the hair when he'd done so.

"You suck on me for a while first, you little bitch. Don't you dare even think about biting me! If you do, I shall cut your face!" She tried to pull away and begged him not to make her do this. He slapped her face viciously, smiling with pleasure as he did so. The oaf laughed and teetered on his chair as he discarded the now empty bottle. The thin man produced a knife from his pocket.

"I think I'll cut you anyway; you'll look good with a stripe across your face!" He lifted the weapon, cruelly teasing her with it as he chose where to cut her.

It was now or never.

He flew from the doorway and kicked the thin man's arm skyward; the knife spiralled into the air, dropped and bounced down a hole in the boards. His look of absolute rage made the thin man take immediate flight; whoever he was, he did not want there to be any chance of his being caught in this situation. With his now flaccid cock waving from side to side he was down the stairs and gone into the night.

The oaf looked on in a semi-drunken stupor; his dimly lit brain seemingly paralysed for a moment as he tried to reconcile what was happening. He lifted from the chair and launched himself at the unwelcome apparition, who pitched himself sideways as the oaf stumbled through a convenient hole in the floor. The girl spread herself against the wall and watched as her saviour moved round to the chair which sat right at the front of the building, facing the creek. The oaf pulled his leg free from the hole and stormed toward him, the whole floor shaking and creaking as he came.

As he stomped blindly forward, the oaf lifted his arms as our man ducked and shimmied sideways. The menacing lout's foot found the empty bottle and he tripped headlong into the frail and rotten weatherboarding which disintegrated before him. His body left a gaping hole as he fell 50 feet headlong into the mire below. His body disappeared completely, enveloped by the mud; the hole where he entered bubbled a little, and a swirl of filthy water slowly rose in the depression it left. He would not bother anyone else again.

The girl rushed over and clung to him, still terrified that her tormentor might return. He eased her back from the hole through which he'd viewed where the brutish male had descended. His stomach turned as the whole floor wavered slightly; he helped the girl balance as she replaced her clothing then hurried her out of the building.

As they left the door, he could not help but peer over the edge of the narrow dock face at the point where the oaf had entered. There was no point in dwelling over the situation; he would have drowned in the sludge rapidly after going in, if he had not broken his neck anyhow. He did not feel a great deal of remorse for the man, and it was somehow fitting that his corpse was half-way to hell already. His point of impact looked no more sinister than someone having thrown a sack of rubbish into the mire; after the next tide had been and gone, nobody would be any the wiser.

His thoughts returned to the girl who was very unsteady on her feet; she was that weak it was a miracle she had put up with so much obvious abuse. He hurried her back to Holt House, half carrying her most of the way. She related how the thin man had abused her many times before; her arms had several small scars where he'd cut her before, though he'd never threatened her face with it previously. This had terrified the girl.

It was not until he got her into the illuminated house that they realised just how grubby and threadbare the poor girl was. Belinda, Lottie and George delighted in helping her bathe and wash her hair, she was fed with some nutritious food and a bed was made up for her in Belinda's room; the three other girls all squeezed into her double bed so that they might watch over the girl. She was very nervous but grateful to be surrounded by young women; she sensed security for the first time in an age, and was soon fast asleep in a state of luxury she could never have imagined just an hour or so before.

His arrival with the girl had been witnessed by Lady Barbara Hapsley who had paid a flying visit on Marcia; she had wondered how he was, having seen him briefly at Fortescue's modification. She had asked about his availability, having heard about his 'artistic talents' from other members of the circle of women. His gallantry with the girl had enhanced her view of him, and she had viewed the poor waif with some affection. His timing had been perfect for the girl; Lady Barbara would take her in and assess her suitability's. Regardless of how these worked out, the girl would never be a slave to men again; Lady Barbara would do her best to ensure the opposite applied.

Marcia was reluctant to agree to let him go with Lady Barbara the next day; she had been keen to have him all to herself for a while, but she could not refuse this prominent woman who did not pay flying visits unless she desperately required someone's services. After he had washed himself clean of the evening's exploits he was summoned to the drawing room and made to kneel before Lady Barbara. She found it difficult to contain her excitement at his presence; she had heard from her intimates just how adept he was at indulging the dominance of women. Though she was a Lady who had been surrounded by male servants all her life, she still got a tremendous thrill from being serviced by, and humiliating those males who were naturally submissive sexually. He sensed this and was happy to kiss her feet without the need for her to ask. She almost blushed with pleasure at his recognition of her dominance, simply because she was female. Her sex twitched and tingled beneath her heavy skirts; she could not wait to have him remove them.

"You needn't worry Marcia; I assure you I'll return him from the hall with his anatomy intact. Oh! By the way, that reminds me; I have your invitations to the next modification."

The next morning the young waif was helped into a very fancy carriage by the girls. The Lady she had seen with the mistress of the house was waiting in there for her, with another woman she had not seen, whose face was obscured by lace veils. This woman said nothing, but patted the girl's hand. Lady Barbara smiled at the waif.

"She has a dreadful cold, and cannot speak for a sore throat, but she does look splendid in her feminine outfit doesn't she." Said the eminent Lady, looking very pleased with herself. The young girl wasn't sure what feminine meant, but agreed just the same.

"I do wish I could 'ave seen the man who saved me last night before I left the 'ouse, I so want to fank 'im." Lady Barbara twiddled a tiny key in her fingers as she responded.

"Oh, don't worry, I shall thank him for you and we'll both have the pleasure of his company before we know it." She stared wickedly at the corseted figure opposite. His cock bulged in the cage at the sight of the key, and his sphincter clenched at his plug excitedly, at the thought of being paraded humiliatingly past all those female servants whilst dressed as a woman. She faced the girl again.

"There will be another guest at Hapsley Hall when we arrive; her name is Ruth Chesterfield, she is going to assist with your development. She is very good at detective work also; we'll see if we can find your thin man and show him the error of his ways." His nether regions tingled again; Ruth had shown what a supremely dominant woman she was at the modification; he would relish being allowed to service her.

When they arrived at Hapsley Hall, two members of the all-female staff assisted the two 'women' from the carriage; they smiled knowingly at the tightly corseted guest and remarked at how elegant and lady-like she was. Lady Hapsley helped the girl down and held hands with both guests as they were paraded past the servants. The walk to the front entrance seemed endless, as did the line of smiling females, who seemed to be paying him all the attention. They had been told that Lady Hapsley was to return with a young girl and a male guest.

As they eventually made the front entrance and he stepped gingerly in, thinking the servants were none the wiser, Lady Haplsey gave a smile and nod to the last in the line. She stepped forward and curtsied.

"Welcome sir; we have all been awaiting you". The entire line of women giggled softly; his cock pulsed in its confinement, his humiliation at the hands of Lady Barbara had begun.

They were taken into a huge and sumptuous lounge where Ruth awaited them. She was dressed in red which complemented her auburn hair and had arrived on horseback, her crop in hand. Though this added to his excitement at seeing her, this glorious female needed no instrument to emphasise or assert her dominance.

She and Lady Barbara chuckled at his hidden embarrassment as he stood next to the girl, in full feminine regalia. The waif was still puzzled, and the two were eager to enlighten her and have him enjoy more humiliation. Ruth moved toward them.

"What pretty women! Let's have you remove your hat and veils now; we can't have you wearing them indoors." The waif gasped as he was revealed to her. For a moment he was as red as Ruth's outfit. The girl did not care though; she flung herself at him and kissed him. The two older women were touched by this, and were glad as this impetuous move showed that the girl's ordeal had not left her in total fear of males. Her spirit would help her achieve recognition of her dominance over them.

She was further amazed as Ruth requested that he kiss her feet, which he did with no hesitation. Her knowledge of the true position of males, beneath women, was beginning. They sat her down as he was made to undress before them, and kneel naked on the floor at their feet. The girl marvelled at the cage he wore, and smiled as she could see he was not too uncomfortable with it.

"You will see many men caged whilst you are here, my girl. It helps them know their place. This one is particularly obedient, and as you've witnessed, he does have his uses. We are very pleased with him delivering you the way he did, and he will be rewarded by Ruth and me for his actions. His biggest reward though, will be to see you again in six months or so; he will really appreciate what he has done for you then, and you'll appreciate just what he will do for you!" Ruth then asked her for as much information about the thin man, where he had met with her and where she had been taken. They held her close and asked her carefully about the abuse she had suffered. They then moved on to other womanly things in general to help her forget.

Two maids were summoned and she was then taken away to be shown where she would be staying; she had been reluctant to leave him, but was promised she'd see him again before he left, and assured that he would be a frequent visitor to the hall. Ruth then pondered the thin man.

"Like most males he appears to be a creature of habit. I shall take great pleasure in capturing him. How fitting it will be to see his manhood removed with his own knife." The two delighted in the idea which aroused them. They would combine his reward with their enjoyment; how ironic that he, of all males, would now suffer in honour of the thin man. This notion excited the two dominant women all the more.

He was leashed and led away to one of the many bedrooms by the two women.

To be continued...

The Mistress of Holt House Ch. 07
bySputnik57©

Hapsley Hall was a veritable maze of plush lounges, sitting rooms and bedrooms. They were decorated to suit various necessary tastes; those in the deeper recesses of the house were more boudoir like, and it was to one of these he was to be taken.

Just having a naked male on a leash in the comfort of her home gave Lady Barbara a deeply erotic thrill. She had been born into luxury, and married off to a boring but wealthy man she was not even acquainted to. Though he was a pleasant enough gentleman, he was 15 years her senior and a very staid Victorian. Sex had been something he had with her; it was almost by appointment only. She just lay back as he penetrated her and she felt little arousal-she had never really known what to expect-until he grunted and dismounted her. At the age of 62 he had a heart-attack and died, leaving her alone with this huge house and abundant wealth.

Though she had not realised it before, she suddenly found that giving orders to male servants seemed to give her greater pleasure than doing the same with the females. After her husband had gone she became more actively involved with the staffing of the house, and became aware of the misery that some of the females endured in their private lives at the hands of males.

She had become involved with the circle of dominant women by chance. There had been an incident whereby one of the serving women had been abused by a male servant; though this had not been reported directly to her she was always vaguely aware of situations via the grapevine. This news appalled her and she was in a quandary as to whether the local constabulary should become involved, she certainly would sack the male involved if there were any true substance in the allegation.

She decided to furtively investigate the situation herself, by secretly descending the stairs to the servant areas to eavesdrop. What she witnessed both shocked and excited her. She had heard voices coming from a room rarely used anymore, where wood had previously been stored prior to gas lighting being installed. As she peeped into the room, the male in question was tethered naked over a bundle. His rear end was a mass of red lines. The woman who had been abused stood smiling with several other women and girls, watching with satisfaction as a mature woman brought a wickedly flexible cane down on him with gusto.

She could see that the woman was getting a great deal of pleasure from administering his punishment; showing him no mercy as he cried and begged for the caning to stop. Lady Barbara's womanhood tingled with arousal as she witnessed the scene; she smiled to herself as she realised she was enjoying it too.

The formidable looking woman made him beg for mercy, handed the cane to the woman who had been abused, who then mercilessly punished his backside six more times. The woman then had him kiss her feet. He was made to apologise to her, and all women. The mature woman then thrust two letters before the whimpering male, which she made him sign. The women looked at him with utter contempt as they started to file past; Lady Barbara quickly ascended the stairs.

She had a quiet moment to herself and was compelled to massage herself below her skirts; she could not get the vision from her mind as she thought of the man, naked and punished ruthlessly by a woman, the cane coming down again and again. Her whole body tingled and was washed with waves of pleasure as she enjoyed a very satisfactory orgasm. Later on in the day the woman who had been the subject of abuse appeared and gleefully passed a letter to Lady Barbara. It was a letter of formal resignation from the man. When she asked the women why he could not have delivered it himself, she was told he had left the house already and was with a new employer; a Mrs Ruth Chesterfield.

Curiosity, and the convenience of the man still being owed wages, made Lady Barbara look up Ruth's address; she would ask upon his welfare. She was a little put out at someone else organising her servants, and on her property too, but had a distinct admiration for any woman who could have such control over an adult male.

Mrs Chesterfield had a large imposing town house, though this could not require too many servants at the drop of a hat. This was something else that Puzzled Lady Barbara. She was greeted by a maid and ushered into a parlour. Ruth came immediately and sat with her.

"I am sorry to bother you, only I was a little concerned at one of my servants leaving my employ so abruptly. I do hope this was not a reflection on his prior employer; I have the remainder of his wages and wondered about his welfare, though I see he must be just as comfortable here." Ruth smiled and was warming to this Lady already; she could sense she knew more than she had let on.

"I do apologise for relieving you of a servant without any notice, however, relieve you I did. He had not been a good servant to you or any other woman. You have a large household and know how difficult it must be to remain aware of the social activities of your staff. I have an advantage in that I was made aware of a problem which you remained unaware of through a business enterprise. Your female staff will be a lot happier going forward." Lady Barbara could not help but smile at her response and was not sure just how honest to be with her knowledge.

"I had heard a rumour. True, it is difficult for me to keep in touch, but there was a mention of abuse. This is why I was concerned; I had thought of the constabulary. If it was true, how do we know it will not be repeated?" Ruth smiled warmly at her.

"I can see that you are a woman of the world, and will presume that you are aware of the unfair advantages that males have in general. I have a circle of friends who would like to change this, and have my own business which allows me to dispose of some of these problems in a very satisfactory way for all concerned. Promise me you will become a friend, and I will show you why your concern will not be repeated." Lady Barbara was more curious than ever now, and she would delight in having this superb woman as a friend. Much to Ruth's delight she agreed wholeheartedly there and then. She tingled with anticipation, as Ruth rang a bell and one of her girls appeared.

"Bring the latest one; I'll have him say goodbye to his old life personally." The maid beamed with pleasure and quickly disappeared. Moments later there was a knock at the parlour door. Ruth beckoned enter. Lady Barbara was amazed. The man was dressed as a female maid and was chaperoned by two stern looking matrons with canes. He went bright red with shame when he saw his former employer.

"On your knees before her now! You'll confess and beg forgiveness." He obediently dropped to his knees the moment Ruth barked at him. The two matrons smiled dominantly down at him; he would feel a cane if he made any mistake or displeased them in any way whatsoever; he was re-learning his life to suit his betters. He cowered at the feet of Lady Barbara.

"Forgive me Madam; I have abused many women including your servants. I will be made to pay, and taught to respect the superiority of women. I beg your forgiveness." Ruth had him kiss her feet, and he was led away to continue his reformation at the hands of the matrons; his first night would be a long and painful one.

Lady Barbara then confessed herself about viewing his thrashing, and how it had stimulated her. They then discussed Hapsley Hall and how it could be put to greater use. Lady Barbara would enjoy her life to the full from now on.

As he was being led on his leash Lady Barbara commented to him.

"Nearly there; you're going to give the two of us some initial satisfaction, then we'll take you to another room for a little show which you'll find most enjoyable. Marcia may own you, but as you can see, I have many rooms here which will require your artistic expertise. The circle of women grows bigger by the day, and I intend to have a facility here which will allow supressed women to come and indulge in their dominance over males in the most comfortable and relaxed circumstances. It will be a women's world." She took him into a vast and comfortable bedroom.

The room was a tasteful pale pink with fur rugs adorning the floors; there were mirrors everywhere, even attached to the ceiling. Punishment and servitude would be witnessed at many angles, allowing mistress and slave to enjoy proceedings to the full. Lady Barbara was ready to be pleasured by him for the first time. He was made to undress her, as she dangled the tiny key to his cage in front of him. His cock pulsed as he saw the reflection of the wonderful Ruth behind him; she smiled as she discarded her outer garments revealing the red corset she had worn when Fortescue gave up his balls for her. Lady Barbara toyed with his hair and smiled as she thought back to what had passed for sex with her late husband; she now had a male just where she wanted him, at her feet, under her control, and willing to please her to the utmost without thinking of himself.

She already felt close to orgasm; the excitement of having him there and knowing of his talent with his tongue had made her very moist. He released her skirts and she lifted her legs up to the bed, allowing him to view and take in the scent of her womanhood. She took full enjoyment out of seeing him kneeling obediently, awaiting her authority which would allow him to service her. She could see his cock threatening to burst from the cage. It pleased her no end to know she had complete control over whether he would be allowed pleasure. She dangled the key to torment him.

"Have you ever thought of me whilst masturbating or coming for your various mistresses?" He could not deny it; she had featured with Ruth on several occasions since the modification, when he'd been working up to an orgasm under the cane or by stroke of hand.

"Yes Lady Barbara, I have thought of you and wondered if you would ever allow me to please you." She smiled wickedly at him.

"When Ruth and I have had our pleasure of you, we will decide if you have warranted relief. Just because you have shown your value to women by your actions with the girl yesterday, this does not mean we will simply indulge you. This was your duty as a male owned by a woman; you have different duties to perform now." Though she knew he had done very well and she would take great pleasure in watching him masturbate at the feet of the two women, she was not about to let him know this. Ruth stepped up behind him and teased him with the cane. Lady Barbara gently put her hand behind his head and pulled him into her sex.

"Now you shall taste a Lady for the first time; I shall have your pleasure then Ruth shall have hers. Your performance will determine if you receive relief or a caning." He would have welcomed either at that point. He took a deep sniff of her luscious womanhood, and then immersed his mouth in her bulging labia. Her delicate musky taste and smell made his cock pulsate; his sphincter clenched at the plug as Ruth stood dominantly over him and stroked him playfully with the cane. His eyes caught the mirrors as he saw himself there at the mercy of two mature and dominant women from many an exciting prospective. Oh how he hoped they would allow him to come.

He indulged in the luxury of Lady Barbara's warm and inviting pussy, stroking his tongue deep into her and up and down, teasing her clitoris. She held her ankles and looked down at him performing obediently, whilst her friend smiled on, threatening to cane him. Lady Barbara was getting more and more pleasure every day, and this was absolute heaven. As he pressed home his tongue against her excited clitoris, she rocked back slightly and squeezed her ankles tight as wave after wave of a superb orgasm was delivered by the submissive male's tongue. Ruth grinned and tapped ever harder with the cane to make sure he was on the button right up to the end. As Lady Barbara moaned in a very un-ladylike fashion, Ruth had no need to worry about him; next to his own orgasm, he was learning to get as much pleasure from hearing the women announce their ecstasy. This worried him a little as he feared this may cost him his balls at some point.

Lady Barbara, panted and gasped rigidly, then relaxed. She let her legs down and smiled with absolute satisfaction; there were tears in her eyes as she bent and kissed him affectionately. Ruth looked at her wide-eyed as if to show slight disapproval. Lady Barbara quickly resumed her assertiveness, but thanked him. She took the cane from Ruth and exchanged places with her. His cock dribbled as the magnificent Ruth sat and slowly raised her legs. She looked him square in the eyes and smiled wickedly.

"I want you to think of Fortescue when you service me. I want you to remember that one day you may return to Hapsley Hall for another reason." He had no need for her to remind him of that deeply erotic occasion. She knew anyway that her blood-red corset would hold his memory there. He was ecstatic as he viewed the mature woman's delightful sex; he could not believe that he was to be allowed to have the honour of pleasing her. She pulled him in and he lapped at her delicious feminine juices as though this were to be the last pussy he ever tasted. He would willingly give his balls for this woman. She purred with pleasure as he probed and lapped and licked; his eyes moving from mirror to mirror to ensure he retained as much memory of this event as possible. The beautifully scented mature sex he tasted belonged to a woman who had broken many males, captured and defeated them, and had them agree to be castrated in woman's honour.

He hoped above all that he would be allowed to come in her presence. His cock strained and bulged in the cage as she pulled him close on nearing orgasm; he strained to see her in the mirrors as her thighs engulfed him. The magnificent woman's sex seemed to taste ever sweeter, as she had her pleasure of him. She gave an almighty roar and stretched her legs to the sky; he was allowed a glorious view in the various mirrors as she showed her appreciation of him as she lapsed into a lusty orgasm. She relaxed and giggled uncontrollably for a few moments and also kissed him with some affection. Now it was Lady Barbara's turn to frown.

Ruth smiled at Lady Barbara. She moved back on the bed and looked sweetly at him as she carefully removed the pink silk pillow-case from one of the many pillows and laid it centrally on the bed. Lady Barbara asked him to stand, and smiled knowingly at him as she dangled the key, then unlocked him. She whipped the cane through the air. As Ruth put her hands behind her elegant and shapely legs, and pulled her legs right back, smiling from between them.

"You have performed well, but you must pay for making the two of us act like affectionate schoolgirls. You shall have your pleasure but will endure pain too. You will be caned by a Lady, whilst licking the arse of a 58 year old woman; on the bed now!" they both laughed at him but he was already in ecstasy; his cock was a rigid as a pole and he was in danger of losing his seed with the thought of it. He nestled down and looked and sniffed at the delectable puckered dimple before him. It glistened with the juices she had released a moment ago. Even in this position she was supremely dominant.

"You make sure you clean me up nicely, and I want you to give a good account of yourself on the silk, or I shall replace your cage and cane you again." He looked at Lady Barbara who stood ready with the cane; she would not be too harsh with the instrument as she bore him no malice other than that he happened to be male, but caning a male to orgasm whilst he licked her friends arse, would be enjoyable under any circumstances.

He sank his nose into her sweet cleft and lapped at the spicy orifice, the can whooshed down making him squirm, both women giggled as he rocked himself back and forth on the silk; his cock sliding nicely as he sampled the tang of the dominant woman's anus, and the sting of her Ladyship's cane. Ruth teased as he lovingly licked her arse submissively.

"Would you like to like to lose your balls to me? I'd so enjoy seeing the short chain on you." She giggled as he thought of leaving the warmth of and pleasure of her arse and screaming 'yes do it now', but the taste and feeling of submission as the cane came down again and again was just too much. He started to hunt and convulse.

"I'll have your cream now!" said Lady Barbara as she put a little more venom into the cane; his arse blushed pink and he thrust forward on the silk; he was theirs. His tongue probed and flapped around her soft anus as he lost all control in the throes of absolute pleasure. He humped and ground his torso ecstatically on the silk as he delivered for his mistresses.

"Good boy!" Said Ruth patronisingly, as he spurted and spent deliriously in honour of these two gorgeous females who had shown they well and truly owned him. He licked and sniffed and spluttered as the orgasm ebbed and he lay in his mess, Ruth held his head and rubbed his nose in her anus; she was very pleased with him.

He was allowed to recover and they watched as he knelt on the bed and wiped the sticky mess from his belly with the silk. The two women then had him kneel at the end of the bed once more and they sat stroking him gently. As he enjoyed the view of their mature legs, they toyed with his flaccid cock with their toes. They told him now, just how thankful they were for bringing the girl to them, away from danger. He promised to help them find the thin man, though Ruth already had female agents placed in the areas described by the girl. He was encouraged and allowed to lick their thighs and toes as that sat there, keeping his leash taught to remind him of his position. When his cock started to show signs of revival they stood and led him away to the next venue. He watched Ruth's arse wiggle in front of him and already craved to be able to lick it again; the experience would remain indelibly etched in his memory.

He was taken into a strange room with six foot padded stakes fixed into the floor. He was harnessed to one which faced a plain white bed. Ruth clapped her hands once. In an instant a large and beautiful black woman carrying a short whip in one hand, walked slowly in leading a man on all fours on a leash. He was naked, and as the woman turned him to leash him to the stake closest the bed, he could see the man had no balls; it was James Fortescue.

The black goddess displayed herself to him, rubbing oil on her body making it shimmer all over; her breasts, thighs and buttocks shone delectably as she then toyed with herself on the bed before the eunuch. This display had given him another erection, unlike Fortescue, who would never experience another. Ruth walked over and stood by the bed, in full view of the unfortunate man; her red corset reminding him also, of the last night he had shared with his balls. She smiled wickedly at him and watched his face as she clapped her hands once more. A large black man with a huge cock sauntered in. From his position behind Fortescue, the black male's formidable weapon made him feel very inadequate; god knows how this tortured the mind of the castrated slave with his tiny cock bent over like an eight year old. The black woman spread her legs and held them by the ankles, displaying a magnificent and inviting pussy.

The male levelled his enormous cock at the target and Ruth stepped forward, all the time eying Fortescue. She took hold of his phallus with both hands and helped guide it into the moist haven. She was careful to rub his glans delicately to ensure he was nice and stiff. She then stood back as the black man slid his lengthy weapon in and out; his huge ball sack swinging back and forth as he enjoyed his prize. Those huge balls will have swung back and forth in Fortescue's mind as he watched his mistress smiling at him as the two black beauties reached a crescendo. She wailed with pleasure and he almost barked as those fine balls unleashed a worthy portion of seed into the succulent crevice which drew on his cock. He pulled slowly away, giving the eunuch more food for thought, as his phallus dribbled white cream; the majority of which bubbled and ran down the delectable black pussy before him.

The black man bowed to the women and walked out of the room. The black woman remained on her back and smiled with satisfaction at Fortescue. Ruth untied him and led him over on all fours to the bed.

"I believe you know what your job is Fortescue. Tell me what it is?"

"I must lick madam clean, Mistress."

"You want to lick her clean, don't you Fortescue?"

"Yes Mistress, I want to lick her clean."

"You want her to whip you when you've cleaned her don't you?"

"Yes Mistress I want her to whip me when I've cleaned her." Ruth smiled at her control and his complete obedience. The black woman lay back and spread herself nicely; she pushed his face down to her arse first to ensure what had run down there didn't run onto the sheets and get wasted.

Both women smiled with satisfaction as he eagerly consumed the warm freshly delivered cream. The black woman held him fast as he licked deep into her folds to retrieve the cream; she shuddered with the luxury of another orgasm as he did so. His task complete, he lay face down on the bed; Ruth made sure she stayed in his eyesight; he would see her smile as he was whipped.

As the beautiful black woman retrieved her whip, he felt Lady Barbara pull on his leash at the stake from where he watched. She had him stand and obligingly worked his erect cock as he watched Fortescue being whipped by the ebony goddess he had just cleaned of another man's mess. As he bucked and moaned under the whip and the smile of the woman that owned him, someone else behind him bucked and moaned, as a shapely middle-aged woman allowed him supreme pleasure for the second time in an hour.

The Mistress of Holt House Ch. 08
bySputnik57©

After his punishment, Fortescue was made to kneel before the smiling Ruth; he was allowed to sniff the sex of the woman who had shown him his true position amongst women and placed him in their permanent servitude. He was allowed just a sniff to remind him of the woman who had utterly dominated him, removed his balls, and now owned him. He had to be content with cleaning guests until Ruth acquired her next victim. He would then be allowed to cleanse her of another male who would be unknowingly on his way to the submission of his masculinity. Fortescue did not know it, but he may not have to wait too long; the thin man was now paramount in Ruth's mind. He was led away to another room by the sumptuous black woman; she would have more enjoyment from him later.

Ruth and Lady Barbara unleashed him from the stake, and walked him to the auditorium which had been the venue for the modification. Ruth smiled and cupped his balls.

"Don't worry; we know how affectionate Marcia is for your jewels. We just wanted to show you how we are preparing for the next event. It will be nice to see you and Marcia here together again, when our next male relinquishes his balls. I'm afraid it won't be so exciting this time. The male in question has led a typical life; complete chauvinism towards females with a little bit of womanising and petty violence thrown in. The woman that owns him keeps two other males, and has convinced him that this is for the best. I fear it will be most clinical." Both Lady Barbara and he knew what was on her mind. Lady Barbara took Ruth's hand from the balls she'd been nestling.

"I know what you are yearning for; we'll have our girls positioned where the waif has mentioned; he's bound to show again. I will so enjoy breaking him when he's caught, and catch him we shall."

It was just a few days before he was to visit Madame Tara's house once more, and face the assertive Ginger maid. Marcia pampered him in the warmth of the shower; he had been allowed to please her to fulfilment during the past night, and she soaped his weary balls gently. Even the bathroom now bore elements of his artistry; he had been welcomed to many women's homes through advertisement by Marcia and was increasingly popular in their feminine society. Though he was in his element, when a guest of all the women he visited, he was always glad to return to Marcia. They patted each other dry and donned bath robes before descending the stairs for breakfast. It was before nine still, so they were surprised when the jingle for the front entrance bell announced someone at the door.

George opened the door to Lady Barbara, and a very attractively shaped young female; her face delicately veiled, inviting them in. She ushered them into the front sitting room where Marcia and he were sat. Marcia could not help but blush a little when Lady Barbara looked the two of them up and down. She smiled with just a hint of jealousy at their state of undress; it was apparent from their attire that the two had been in the recent company of each other. Belinda and Lottie, who had previously been busy with the housework, did their best not to giggle.

"I do hope you are not spoiling him." She said as she gestured to him to come over to her. He came and knelt obediently before the woman he had come to know intimately over the past months. She smiled down at him affectionately and caressed his cheek with her gloved hand.

"You may kiss my feet, and those of my companion." Even though he had been thoroughly milked in a most erotic fashion by his mistress just a few hours before, the act of showing servitude to this superb woman and an anonymous female, made his loins tingle once more. He bent and kissed the toes of Lady Barbara's shoes, and then swivelled slightly to accommodate her shapely companion and did the same. Lady Barbara put her hand on his shoulder and asked him to look up at the woman, who removed her hat and veil. He could not contain his smile as the waif he'd saved beamed back, mirroring his reaction.

Her instinct was to hug him, but she was being trained well in the art of domination. Lady Barbara could see the level of temptation the girl fought against, and this man had risked his life for her after all. She smiled at her.

"You may kiss him, but remember; he is a male and you are in charge. He must be made to recognise that you are superior and his place is on his knees before you." She did not hesitate on being cleared by her mentor, and held his head with both hands kissing him full on the lips. Lady Barbara coughed politely after 30 seconds or so; to save him from suffocation. Lottie and Belinda giggled softly; George was tight-lipped and somewhat green-eyed with the situation.

They were one and all, amazed with her rapid transformation though; in a matter of three weeks or so, she had somehow filled out and was every inch a picture of feminine elegance. The attentions of Lady Barbara, Ruth Chesterfield, and their entourage of feminine associates and young charges had worked their magic on the girl; she was fast becoming the independent and assertive female they knew she could be. They had preyed on her prior vile experiences at the hands of males, and had demonstrated with captives at Hapsley Hall; some willing, some less so, how things should really be. In her short spell there so far, she was becoming keener with whip and cane by the day. Lady Barbara was thrilled with her progress, and she now had a name.

"Meet Miss Harriet Du Montfort. She is now officially a ward of mine and will reside at Hapsley Hall permanently. Now perhaps you girls would like to show her your rooms again, whilst I discuss a little business with Miss Rendlesham." The girls led the prim looking girl away, admiring her new presence and status as they went. When they'd gone, Lady Barbara continued.

"We found that Harriet had been living on the streets for some time; her real name is Dawkins, her mother died from the excesses of gin and left her alone at the age of fourteen. She never knew her father. Despite her diminutive stature she is actually nineteen, and had been moving from one hovel to another for some time. She had managed to avoid the attentions of adult males, up until she became involved with the brute who met his maker on the night she was delivered to us. She had been subjected to all manner of horrors by his acquaintances; namely the thin man." She stopped at this point and smiled smugly.

"I came here this morning, not just to show you how Harriet has progressed, but to tell you that Ruth has discovered who the thin man is. A trap has been set, and he will shortly find himself at Hapsley Hall, where he will learn to honour women in the way that he should. Within a few short weeks with Ruth, he will be begging for release from his wilful urges. By then, a certain young lady will be ready to administer her first act of mercy, in obliging him before an audience of his superiors." Her words made Marcia smile wickedly, and the thought of the pleasures the thin man would realise at the hands of the magnificent Ruth Chesterfield gave him a healthy erection; he was almost jealous of the man's good fortune.

Lady Barbara gave him an address of an establishment in a less salubrious part of town; the upper body strength that came with his masculinity would be most welcome there, in assisting the removal of 'goods' to be taken to Hapsley Hall. The lifting of heavy unstable objects was not women's work; the essential deliverance of the goods and the use of them afterwards, would be very much their domain though.

After much tea and conversation, Lady Barbara left with her young ward. As they walked them down the path to the Carriage, Harriet could not resist kissing him again; they parted and as he turned back to the house, he saw George viewing him with some disdain. She disappeared inside the door before he arrived back at the entrance, and had fled upstairs before he entered. The situation had not gone unnoticed by Marcia. She held his arm to gain his attention and winked at him, smiling wryly.

"You know you must show all the women you encounter equal respect. I think there is some work you need to complete in Georgina's room; I have an appointment with some ladies at a tea house this afternoon that will not require a male escort. You might take the opportunity to have a nap before your scheduled exertions for Lady Barbara this evening; after you have finished your work of course." He thanked her, as he knew what she was really suggesting.

She readied herself for the day and left to get a cab to her destination. He went upstairs, taking a brush and small paint kettle with him, which he had no intention of using. He knocked on George's door; she opened it and took a deep breath, her big blue eyes looked a little startled, and were also a little red. She hid something behind her back. He pushed slowly forward and closed the door behind him. He dropped the paint kettle and put his arm round her to see what she was holding. He sniffed at her glorious red hair as he looked over her shoulder; she held one of his shirts. He pulled back and looked deep into her eyes as he squeezed her firm little cheeks against him. She lifted the shirt to her nose and gently inhaled, smiling now.

"I just wanted something to remind me of you; I don't seem to get any attention with so many other women keeping you from me, it's not fair!" It was patently apparent from the wild look in his eyes that she was about to receive his full attention now; she closed her eyes and puckered her lips, he followed suit and as they shared a warm wet kiss as his cock swelled against her belly. They helped each other off with their clothes and he viewed her soft alabaster body; so daintily freckled at the neck and shoulders. Her natural scent had him in frenzy as she stepped backwards and pulled him onto the bed.

Considering the monumental amount of foreplay he had been made to endure at the hands of his dominant mistresses, it was no wonder he was in her almost before they lay on the bed. She emitted a soft plaintive cry as he slid firmly into her tight pussy, which only served to make him thrust all the more. She lifted her thighs to allow him full penetration and smiled with satisfaction as he moved back and forth. He had to use all his concentration in restraining himself from acting like some primitive animal and jettisoning his seed in an instant. She pulled his face down to hers and he nuzzled at her cheeks and neck; he held back but the warm generous pleasure she provided, along with her soft moans had his balls ready to burst. His body was wracked with tension as he fought against slipping into orgasm, until this sweet angel at last gave him her signal. She opened her eyes and mouth wide and hung on his neck; she expelled every ounce of breath in her body as she let out a long and lustful moan in unison with her thighs squeezing his torso. He erupted inside her and truly pumped like the animal he was trying to avoid emulating; the relief and pleasure was immeasurable.

After he had collapsed upon her, they had squirmed and kissed in a tangled embrace for what seemed like hours. He pulled the blankets over them, and they nestled together just staring into each- other's eyes for an eternity. He had not felt this way before; it disturbed him a little as the feelings he had for Georgina Grantham were entirely alien to those he felt for his mistress, yet were just as pleasurable. George was equally as pleased as Marcia, but from a different attitude. He would ensure he did not take advantage of her softness, and resolved to allow her any spare time he had whilst at Holt House. He knew how jealous she was, and would do his best not to hurt her in any way. She knew why he was there, after all, and he hoped she would see reason when he was assigned to other women. For the time being though, he basked in a different state of satisfaction not previously experienced; his nap was a warm and deeply relaxing one.

He arrived at the address given him by Lady Barbara in good time; it was a slightly threadbare part of town, a street with numerous pubs, hotels and guest-houses. As he looked furtively up at the windows of the small hotel that bore the correct number, a shapely young female slipped out from the door. Without confirming, she seemed to know who he was, though he'd not seen her before. She advised he make himself comfortable in the ale house opposite; passing him half a crown which was with the compliments of Ruth Chesterfield. The girl would come and fetch him when he was required. He did not argue and disappeared inside the smoky lounge bar of the pub.

He bustled his way to the bar through a sea of top hats and bowlers; this was evidently a very popular venue for some reason. He made it to the oaken bar and opted for a pint of mild and bitter. A buxom maid with sleeves rolled up displaying knobbly elbows, pulled back on the tall ivory handles as she pumped the fruity brown liquids up from the casks in the cellar.

"That'll be tuppence ha'penny, please sir." She looked at him and raised her eyebrows somewhat as he passed her the half crown.

"Sorry, I don't have anything smaller." He said sheepishly. She rang the price into the ornate silver plated till; the cash tray slid out in unison with two black price indicators rising into the glass viewer at the top of the till, and she handed him change of a shilling, two threepenny bits, 8 pennies and two farthings. He thanked her as his pocket sagged under the weight of the coppers. She smiled with satisfaction; it seemed he had no command over women whatever the situation!

He made his way through the crowd to a spot near the window; he looked up at a light from the hotel opposite and wondered how someone else was fairing in the company of women.

Roger Stainforth was very much his own man. He had deserted his middle class wife, and life of not overly successful accountancy, for an easier life of vice and the debauchery which went with it. His lifestyle was anything but a rarity in this Victorian world of progress, where the public view was one of successes and an empire on which the sun never set. The reality for a great deal of the masses was a life of despair, and a hidden underworld of vice. Stainforth had made a nice living out of this situation, lending money to bankrupts who could not borrow by legitimate means, in order to fuel ridiculous business enterprises. They had to repay him at extortionate rates; this allowed him to fund his interest in several opium dens. Though he would never be a millionaire; he spent most of his money in keeping one step ahead of the law, frequently drank, and though not directly involved with prostitution he spent much money procuring hapless females.He had a particularly nasty streak whereby the act of threatening women with a knife gave him particular pleasure.

Stainforth's wiry countenance wore a smug smile as he thought of the two girls he had paid good money for; he'd been informed that one of them was very theatrical and enjoyed erotic role-play; the other was apparently very fresh to the game, and very meek. He had been told she liked to be bound and teased prior to satisfying clients. He would have his couple of hours with them, and then return to his flat to prepare for an evening drinking with his cronies. He could not have suspected that he would never see the flat again.

He had arrived at the hotel around an hour before the pint of mild and bitter had been served. The two girls had been awaiting him as per the arrangement, but he was introduced to two further young ladies; it was explained that they were also fairly new to the game and there would be no extra charge, they would share the fee an all be glad of the experience. Though this all seemed too good to be true, he would not part with any more money, and made the theatrical girl reiterate that their services would be part of the agreed fee. She smiled sweetly and confirmed again that this would be the case.

"We shall ensure that you will not forget this evening." Said the tall blonde temptress, speaking with a strange air of authority. An auburn haired girl took his coat, another brunette lay on the bed, grinning at him like a cat as she toyed with lengths of silken cord. The fourth was a very curvaceous black haired girl; she was on her knees by the bed and apparently had her hands tied behind her back already. She looked wistfully up at him as his cock swelled. The women's perfume, both natural and applied, permeated the room creating a cosy, secure atmosphere. He could not help but notice that each of the girls was dressed, though scantily, in black.

The girl on the bed removed her blouse and skirt; she wore no bra and the sight of her full breasts and erect nipples excited him. The girl whose hands were behind her back stood, and the skirts dropped from her. She wore black silky knickerbockers which accentuated the curves of her shapely arse beautifully as she turned and displayed her bound wrists whilst climbing to the bed. The two other women helped him off with some of his outer clothing; they did not fail to notice a lethal looking dagger in his waistcoat pocket. Thankfully, the fact that there were more attractions than usual meant he did not seem to mind it not being in his hand. The two urged him toward the bed and as he sat on the edge, the girl with bound wrists got off and knelt on the floor between him and the blonde, who had picked up a wicked looking cane. The girl on the floor arched her back and looked submissively at the blonde.

"Are you to cane me mistress? I have had very naughty thoughts about our guest." His cock bulged as the two other girls helped him out of his underwear. The blonde teased the kneeling girl with the cane.

"I shall tell the headmistress you've had bad thoughts; she'll probably be arriving soon." She said in a theatrical tone. This made him think of the role-play aspect; they're building up for a drama, he thought to himself. Drama there would be. He felt the girl on the bed take his arms behind him; he felt uneasy at first, until the kneeling girl was pulled toward him by her hair by the blonde. She teased his cock with her tongue and he relaxed somewhat. The blonde smirked at the two childishly.

"You know what the Headmistress says about fraternising with boy pupils, don't you? She will punish you both if you're caught." Something inside his mind pictured a stern headmistress entering the room; his cock stiffened at the thought. Though he liked to be in charge and had no time for women other than for sex, he could not deny a certain primeval urge which engendered a respect for a strong woman. As he thought about this the girl behind him had tied his wrists. He panicked slightly but the kneeling girl sucked on his member for all her worth; this calmed him somewhat, especially with the addition of the girl who had done the tying; now squeezing her breasts into his back. The girl with auburn hair suddenly appeared and took over from the kneeling girl; she sucked and massaged his cock whilst the black haired girl sat on the bed next to him. The blonde girl looked at the two.

"I think we should tie them together till the Headmistress comes, then they'll be for it." He was still reluctant but the drive generated by his cock and balls superseded this fear, besides; he had seen two of these girls hanging around over the past two weeks- they must be local, what harm could he come to? The Blonde pushed him back on the bed as the black haired girl lay down next to him; His cock was nestled in the cleft of her buttocks, and she squeezed and wriggled teasingly as the others swiftly bound them. Stainforth could not have known that his legs were being bound individually; the brunette's expertise was in this field and he was trussed like a Christmas goose before he knew it. The ties which held the girl to him were minimal, and she would be free of her bonds in a flash.

The blonde now took great delight in teasing them both with the cane. Though this was not normally part of the game for Stainforth, and it rankled with his conscious mind, something inside him was beginning to enjoy the surrender, so he remained calm. He could not have known that his destiny was now set in stone. The Brunette took a large silk handkerchief and rolled it into a ball; she held his nose and he obligingly opened his mouth. She giggled contemptuously as she stuffed it into his mouth. As she did this, the blonde removed her black silk knickerbockers, displaying her moist sex; she and the brunette crowded over him, he felt a cord go round his neck and his ankles were pulled up behind him as the cord was tethered there. The knickerbockers were tied about his face; the blonde ensuring that the moist area went sweetly under his nose.

He panted through his nostrils, now slightly panicked by his predicament; this panic increased when the blonde and brunette moved away from him. As they moved out of his vision, the black haired girl moved away from him and sat up on the bed, smiling wickedly at him; she was free of her bonds. He was now trussed and at the mercy of four young women.

Though he did not want to be in this position, his cock pulsed and was stiffer than ever. The girls laughed at him as they removed the cushions from the bed and placed them on the floor. They sat on the bed smiling; the blonde teased his cock which now dribbled its lubrication. She looked him in the eye.

"You have been a very bad boy and the Headmistress will punish you when she comes." He was slightly terrified, and yet could not help but enjoy this strangely erotic situation. He wanted to protest and grunted muffled noises into the silk gag which smelt so sweet. The girls just laughed at him. Which one would play the Headmistress? What would they do with him? He would know soon enough. The girls pulled him off the bed and he waddled like a duck onto the cushions in the middle of the floor. His wrists were bound behind him, his ankles were bound, a tether held his neck to his legs keeping him in a permanent kneeling position. He was gagged with a woman's underwear. His cock bobbed and bulged as he viewed the four girls who now stood two abreast of him, smiling knowingly.

He did not like this idea at all, yet something inside him loved it. The girls looked to the door which swung open. There before him, was a mature auburn haired woman, her hair in a bun. She wore a black silk blouse through which her nipples poked provocatively. She wore a full length black velvet skirt and carried a vicious rattan cane. The Headmistress had arrived to administer his punishment. Ruth Chesterfield stepped forward and stood before him. Stainforth looked at her and was strangely awed by her. She teased his cock with the rattan.

"I've been told you have not been kind to women in the past, and are in need of reformation. This will begin today and you will be glad of it. You will be taught how to worship your betters, and will know your true place in life." He could still not quite believe what was happening and though part of him was angry and he struggled with the bonds, the feeling of the cords which held him and this magnificently assertive woman before him, had his cock stiff and dribbling. He was ashamed to admit it to himself, but he desperately wanted to come.

Ruth unhitched her skirt and let it drop to the floor; she wore no underwear. His cocked pulsed all the more as he viewed her ample thighs and a red tuft of hair above the beautifully inviting lips of her sex. She leaned into him, awarding him the scent of her arousal. He sniffed gratefully at her sex, and yearned for relief. Ruth would now have him realise the enjoyment of humiliation for the first time.

"Have you ever given up your seed whilst sniffing a woman's bottom? You shall today. It will mark the beginning of your reformation." She turned as the girls moved in giggling. They held him firm as Ruth wiggled backwards and grasped his cock between her silky calves. She bent forward slightly and the blonde girl pushed his head forward. His feelings were mixed as he viewed her glorious arse and had his nose pushed up against her warm anus. The eroticism won over, and he sniffed excitedly at her honeyed rectum. The tangy smell was heavenly and he was coaxed to rock back and forth by two of the girls as they teased his cheeks with the canes. He had never been in a situation like this before and had certainly never been made to sniff a woman's arse. He could not deny it; he was beginning to enjoy being controlled by women for the first time in his life.

Ruth smiled with pleasure as she felt the urgency of his cock thrusting between her calves. She had him just where she wanted him. He did not know it, but she owned him now; the fate of his balls was sealed.

"You will come and you will be punished, you will be taken to a place where you will please me and be educated. You will serve women for ever." He did not understand what she meant, but did not really care at that point. All he knew was that the words made him want to come all the more. He sniffed her arse as he was held by the women, the bonds pleased him all of a sudden, and the older bitch was so superior. He did not want to feel this way, but could not help it. He thought of her words again as his cock was relentlessly squeezed by those impressive assertive legs. He was on his knees to an older woman, it was all too much.

The girls laughed at him as he grunted, sniffed, and convulsed; he willingly shot his hot mess over Ruth's feet and the floor ahead. His seed was spent, and the seeds of his submission had been sown.

Now sated, he struggled again with his bonds; he was both ashamed and quietly pleased with the experience. Having five grinning women stand above him whilst he was helpless still had him in two minds. The door opened again and another shapely girl came in. She wore a thick veil. She had a wad of cotton wool in her hand. She removed her veil and he was struck with terror. Harriet pulled down a sleeve and showed him her scars. Ruth held his held firm as Harriet stepped up to him. She grinned down with satisfaction as Harriet placed the cotton wool over his nose. It was chloroformed.

"Oh yes, your journey has just begun. We will ensure you repay your debt to all women, most pleasingly." His cock tried vainly to stop becoming erect again as he passed out under the menacing smiles of his captives.

No one took a blind bit of notice when the man who had been in the pub was seen loading a heavy sack into a carriage; no one would take any notice of the fact that Roger Stainforth was no longer part of their lives.

The Mistress of Holt House Ch. 09
bySputnik57©

True to form, when Stainforth was revived in his new surroundings, he was as cocky as when he had passed out. Ruth was had partly manufactured this as it suited her. She would get great pleasure from breaking him. He was at first made to think that this was still some choreographed game. The women had also drugged him to maintain an air of non-anxiety within his mind; he could not quite remember who had applied the chloroform, though he was sure it had something to do with his past. It was therefore of no consequence to him when he was invited to service the mature headmistress whilst a tethered male looked on.

He had nothing but contempt for the individual who was led on all fours by a huge black woman to eagerly clean up the superbly shaped mature female. He could not help but notice that she received immense satisfaction from this act, referring the cur to his past and keeping the leash tight as she ensured he completed his task thoroughly.

The act was strangely arousing to Stainforth; he did not know why, but he felt a tinge of jealousy at not being in the position of the cur. He noted that the slave who licked at the supreme woman with relish, had no balls and his tiny dick hung limply. This shocked him somewhat; what possible pleasure could he get from this, his enthusiasm was more than apparent. Stainforth was just glad he had his balls; nothing would part him from his, he thought. He was to learn otherwise.

Fortescue wanted to lick and lap forever. He had waited a long time to once again sample the sweet smell and taste of the woman who had broken him completely, he felt the eyes of the sneering male upon him. He gratefully imbibed the semen he had left within his mistress; this was the taste of a male who would succumb to the pleasures he had undergone. He peeped up at his smiling mistress knowingly, as she smiled down and took great erotic satisfaction in reminding him of how he had arrived at his pathetic surrender to womanhood. He thoroughly enjoyed the reminders as his tongue caressed the very essence of his dominant mistress. This was truly the epitome of his absolute submission.

Stainforth's cock was erect once more as the black woman fitted him with a leash; she ensured he was watching as Ruth did Fortescue the honour of achieving another orgasm through the fruits of his labours. She moaned in absolute ecstasy as her juices flowed forth for her willing slave, ensuring every last drop of Stainforth's gift was made available to him. Her orgasm which could not receive a reply from his limp and useless cock, gave Fortescue the ultimate thrill to his permanent and willing submission.

Stainforth was now ready again. He looked on in envy as the mature woman, who became more and more attractive to him by the minute, had enjoyed the attentions of the cur. The black woman led a weeping Fortescue away, Ruth having laughed at him as he kissed her feet and telling him he would now be taken to serve a woman who owned a brothel. She then approached Stainforth and commanded he kneel; he did so without hesitation. The power of this woman was undeniable.

She slapped his face twice. His cock remained rigid; what was happening to him? He was finding the situation pleasurable and struggled with his conscience. Another woman entered the room. Harriet smiled at him and showed him his knife.

"You will now become my pet. In six months you will return to this room and serve your mistress in the same state as the lowly male you have just witnessed. You will have asked me to remove your balls with this very knife, having given yourself over to womanhood." He was speechless as he knelt there; the pretty young girl he had frightened now looking supremely dominant. The mature woman asserting her control over him by the minute; he tingled with unsuspected excitement. He was about to speak out in protest when the black woman appeared again. She smiled with satisfaction as she injected him with a little more opiate. Harriet clasped his needy cock and stroked him luxuriously.

"There, enjoy the orgasm you never had when we met before. Make the most of each one you have now, as I intend to have your balls before you know it."

Stainforth duly appreciated a sumptuous orgasm as he gratefully spurted his seed generously as he resigned himself to his ownership by women. He looked at the knife now held by Harriet and began to relish the idea of losing his balls to her; he bucked and spurted at the thought. There would be a popular event at Hapsley Hall very shortly.

Holt House was also a very popular venue for the women. Marcia now jealously guarded and relished her evenings with him; he had regular breaks from his personal tasks with the many eager women of the circle, and his art work was displayed in buildings far and wide. He was kept very busy but remained delighted at having been taken in my Marcia. His entertainment of George, Lottie, Belinda and the ginger cook seemed never- ending, and his appointments with Madame Tara, Lady Barbara, Jenny and Ruth certainly kept him on his toes.

All in all life was very sweet and diverse for him. Marcia often sat with him in the library and his love of Avant-garde novels was indulged regularly. They would talk in depth about the situations he found himself in and very often this would arouse them both exquisitely; she would smile and lead him to the bedroom where the conversation and more would be concluded.

There was to be an eagerly awaited event at Hapsley Hall in October. After which the circle of women were to venture en-masse to India for a holiday; the activities at home would be moth-balled whilst one and all enjoyed the benefits of the Raj. A relative of Lady Barbara's lived in a palatial residence in Poona and this is where they would reside for a couple of months having travelled out on the Portsmouth and Oriental line in luxury he could never have imagined.

October came and he found himself leashed and kneeling before the glorious Marcia once more, facing the auditorium with countless other male slaves, as the women eagerly awaited the arrival of Ruth, Harriet and especially Stainforth. A great cheer went up as Stainforth was whipped onto the stage by the curvaceous black mistress; she was completely naked and was oiled, so that her gloriously feminine features shone and shimmered as she lashed her charge. Stainforth was now completely submissive and looked about him at the jeering women with exquisite satisfaction. He had learned to enjoy humiliation to the full and relished castration before so many women, who would gain deep erotic satisfaction from the act.

It was so fitting that a girl he had threatened, but had not achieved satisfaction in the final act that had brought him there, should be the one to allow him his final humiliating orgasm before the baying women and then remove his manhood forever.

They had dressed him in a baggy white top, and had caged his cock which bulged against its confining bars. The black mistress delighted in thrashing him with a short whip, making his arses glow and bringing forth tears, increasing his enjoyment as the women sneered at his feebleness before the dominant African. She had him lick her hot and sweaty anus as he awaited his punishment; he savoured every tang and taste as he did so. He had learned to have a healthy respect for this woman and was thrilled to be allowed to please her this way, before an audience of dominant women.

Her anus clean, she made him bend down with his arse in the air, so as to display the balls which would soon be despatched. They had painted them bright yellow, and a dotted line had been tattooed about his scrotum; illustrating where the cuts would be made. The mirrors were placed and applause went round as Ruth and Harriet took to the stage with two white clad nurses. Ruth was naked and simply held a jar; Harriet wielded his knife and was also naked except for a small bib which covered her belly. The bib was finished in navy blue and white stripes, like a small butcher's apron.

She moved to Stainforth and released his cage with a tiny key handed her by his black keeper. His cock emerged, erect and ready for its last delivery of semen.

Stainforth was tied over a flexible whipping bench with a hole in it. Facing the main part of the audience his cock was squeezed through the hole into a tight rubber tube slightly shorter than his length. The audience would see his face as he received punishment, and would view the pink end of his manhood as it was squeezed back and forth through the tube as the bench flexed while he was whipped. They would see his pain, his ecstasy, and witness his last delivery of semen. Ruth positioned the jar under the bench to catch as much of his seed as possible. There would be no speech. He had forfeited his balls and had begged for their removal, having been reduced to a submissive cur by Ruth.

The whipping commenced; his black mistress stepped up and flexed her athletic body wonderfully as she applied the whip. Stainforth bucked and cried as the bench flexed and his body welcomed the divine pain. His cock slid back and forth in the tube and his soon to be removed balls drew back in preparation for the heavenly crescendo. The women laughed and sneered at the contortions his face made under the whip. As the strokes bit home he revelled in the view he had of all those women enjoying his pain. Ruth stepped up for her deliveries and applied the whip with every ounce of vigour she had.

Stainforth wailed like a small child and cried as he flexed in and out of the tube in a mixture of agony and ecstasy. The mature beauty showed him no mercy and her pussy dripped with sweat and excitement when the time came to hand the whip to Harriet.

"I have the whip now Stainforth; I also have your knife and want your balls. You will give yourself up for me now." Without further ado, Harriet launched into her whipping and his back and buttocks stung once more. He was now being whipped by the woman who would remove his balls; the tears flowed and his now numb back and buttocks allowed his cock to fully enjoy the teasing of the tube as he flexed in submission to the lady and whip.

The women in the crowd sensed this and began their slow hand-clap in time with the strokes. The humiliation was now indeed divine for him; his cocked bulged through the tube as the girl who would have his balled whipped him to his last orgasm; the women smiled eagerly as they clapped, some eying his face, the others his urgent and excited glans as it peeped through the tube. Harriet bent to her task and smiled as she applied the punishment with extra vigour as Stainforth moaned and bucked in the throes of ecstasy. He now truly belonged to the women and he knew it, he was going to come and then lose his balls, He was in heaven as the ripples of ecstasy combined with the impact of the lash.

The women taunted as they clapped; he was theirs. Jets of hot semen squirted through the tube as he cried out in absolute heaven. Wave after wave of pleasure wracked his body as he indulged in his own humiliation. The women accentuated the luxury of his final orgasm and they cheered and applauded as the odd loop of hot cream splashed into the jar; soon to be reunited with the balls it had come from.

Now he would lose those balls. The whimpering wretch was dragged to the bench which Ruth now straddled. He would service her with his tongue whilst his balls were removed. Arse up in the stirrups, face down in Ruth's eager sex, he lapped and viewed the mirrors as the nurse arrived smiling with the huge syringe. She handed it to Harriet and pointed to the areas to be injected. Harriet smiled with utter joy as Stainforth moaned when the first jab went slowly and painfully into his scrotum. She applied five more which barely made him flinch, and he applied himself to his mistress's swollen and highly aroused sex.

The nurse made deft slits with a scalpel then showed Harriet the path to slice through sac and tubes. Ruth lifted her body and moaned with pleasure as she readied herself for orgasm. Stainforth lapped in fear and pleasure as he eyed Harriet smiling at him in the mirror; one hand cupping his balls, the other holding his very own knife. Ruth announced her lush orgasm, giving Harriet her signal. She took his balls and with a purposeful thrust and slice of the vicious knife, dispatched his manhood forever. The women screamed and applauded as she held the trophy high, then dumped his balls into the jar with the contempt they deserved. Another male emasculated; the women were delighted. Stainforth's sorry sack was sutured by the smiling nurses; he would now begin his journey to submission in earnest; a post by a bed in Hapsley Hall awaited him. The next time he tasted the dominant Ruth, it would be to eagerly clean away the mess from another male who would follow him. Many men would submit to this cycle; the women would be eternally entertained. As Stainforth's cock assumed its limp status, the Shopkeeper appeared with a spiked loop attached to a plug and short chain; another satisfied customer.

He took in the war air as the small but luxurious ship steamed down toward Suez. Marcia teased him with tales of dominant Asian women and their harems of males, with equally large numbers of eunuchs to service their needs. She had joked she may sell him when over there, as a very good price could be had for white males amongst the Asian women. His cock bulged in his cage at the thought, his plug adding to the erotic notion. He smiled at Marcia as she whispered what she may subject him to, in the cabin later. He smiled contentedly as George and Chastity linked hands with him. His submission to females was heaven on earth; he wondered what India may have in store for him.
He took in the war air as the small but luxurious ship steamed down toward Suez. Marcia teased him with tales of dominant Asian women and their harems of males, with equally large numbers of eunuchs to service their needs. She had joked she may sell him when over there, as a very good price could be had for white males amongst the Asian women. His cock bulged in his cage at the thought, his plug adding to the erotic notion. He smiled at Marcia as she whispered what she may subject him to, in the cabin later. He smiled contentedly as George and Chastity linked hands with him. His submission to females was heaven on earth; he wondered what India may have in store for him.