The Toy Maker
byoneguy4fun©

Synopsis: Carol has a talent for making toys. Hers are no ordinary toys. In this story she adds a young husband and wife to her toy collection.

Chapter 1 Planting The Seed

Julia closed her eyes, inhaled deeply and immersed herself into the soothing comfort from her husband's warm hands. Tom's hands slowly massaged a creamy scented lotion into the bottom of her left foot. He had already spent five minutes on her right foot and so Julia was well into relaxation mode. She was both amazed and delighted that this was the third night in a row of foot massages. Tom was already getting better at it, she thought as his fingers firmly massaged circles on the bottom of her foot.

Her eyes opened slightly only to reveal that his cock was rock hard. Julia required him to be naked while he massaged her. There was no hiding his arousal. Julia was keenly aware that Tom's eyes were continually drawn to the outline of her nipples poking at her thin red silk night gown. It was low-cut and short enough to give him plenty of glimpses of her cleavage and pussy while he massaged her.

Julia knew that her body was teasing and tempting Tom. His hard cock was proof that her seduction was working. The visible teasing was just a small part of the planned strategy that started several days earlier. It was a strategy that Julia was thrilled to see working. She had spent the past five years married to Tom and always had to plead and beg just for a simple foot massage. Now, after only a few days, Tom was standing before her naked and excited to massage her.

When Julia's co-worker Carol had told her that she could train her husband to not only want to massage her but also get aroused by it, she did not believe her. The mere thought of training Tom seemed absurd. At the time Julia was even a bit surprised that she was talking to a co-worker about her intimate life. It was not something she normally did but the situation just seemed to present itself.

Carol had only been at the company for a few weeks so Julia hardly knew her. It just so happened that one day at lunch Julia, Carol and a few other girls got on the topic of men. Carol turned out to be quite the vixen and had the girls rolling with laughter at how she could tease men and get them to do whatever she wanted. Some of the stories seemed exaggerated and even unbelievable to Julia but Carol shared one of her teasing secrets with the group, which intrigued Julia. With a hushed tone and a devious smile Carol shared, "All you have to do is tease the guy to the brink of orgasm over and over again. Give him the best hand job ever. After a few times of getting him to the edge all he thinks about is his dick."

Her remarks elicited laughter from the group. "You've got that right", added one of the girls.

Carol finished with, "Once he's thinking with his dick, you've got him wrapped around his finger. He will do whatever you want just to get his orgasm."

Julia laughed with the other girls and did not think much about what Carol had said. However, the next time Julia and Tom were fooling around, Carol's advice suddenly came to mind. Julia was feeling a bit adventurous and decided to give it a try on a whim. She focused all her energy on playing with Tom's cock. Just like Carol had advised, she brought him to the brink of orgasm over and over again until Tom was begging for release.

Tom pleaded, "You are driving me crazy Julia. Let's just have sex."

Julia giggled at his desperateness. His cock was literally throbbing in her hand. "Awww does my poor baby want to have an orgasm," teased Julia.

"Yes!"

"I don't know sweetie...I am having so much fun playing with your cock. Don't you like it when I play with your cock?" As Julia talked she lightly stroked the underside of his cock with her finger. Then she gently circled the tip of his cock and lightly pulled up on the tip with her fingers.

Tom let out a pleasure groan and pushed his cock forward but Julia just released her fingers and let it flop against his stomach. Tom could barely think from all the teasing and pleasure. Julia giggled and seductively said, "you didn't answer me sweetie. Aren't you enjoying this?"

"Yes. I love it! I'm just dying for an orgasm."

By now Julia's pussy was dripping and throbbing just as much as Tom's hard cock. She was also craving sex but she was also getting off on the power and control that she had over him. She sensed his weakness and knew that he was, as Carol had said, 'putty in her hands'. This sexual power was an exciting new thrill and she did not want to end. She wanted to savor it and selfishly indulge in it even more. Julia teased Tom over and over again, pushing him deeper and deeper into an erotic bliss.

Finally she dropped the bait. Her finger whimsically circled the tip of his cock, keeping him right on the brink. "Sweetie, I don't know if I want you to have an orgasm. This is so much fun."

"Please," begged Tom. "I'll do whatever you want. Please let me cum."

"Hmmmm. Whatever I want, huh?" Julia was not fully prepared for this moment. All the teasing was done on a whim and for fun. She could have easily let him orgasm and be done with it but she was enjoying the control too much. The control and her own prolonged arousal made her mind go into a devious mode. She thought of the silly things Carol had shared with the girls such as making boys wear panties, bark like a dog or kiss her feet. She would get a good laugh at making Tom do these things just to cum but Julia was not interested in humiliating him. Instead she wanted something to benefit her. She finally decided.

"Promise me you will give me a massage tomorrow night and I will let you cum."

"Yes, I promise," answered Tom immediately with little thought.

"I want a good massage without complaining. Promise me."

"I'll give you a great massage," said Tom emphasizing the word great. "just let me orgasm."

Satisfied with his response, Julia mounted Tom's hard cock. As her dripping pussy slid over his needy cock she leaned to his ear and whispered, "Good boy."

When the words escaped her mouth, Julia was amazed that she said them. It was uncharacteristic of her but with her heightened arousal and feeling of control, the words flowed naturally.

Julia's pussy had barely reached the base of Tom's cock when both Tom and her erupted into orgasm. Tom thrust hard into her and she accepted him. His cock and her pussy spasmed together in perfect rhythm. Both experienced an explosive orgasm that was unmatched by any previous orgasm. They screamed, bucked, and moaned together, riding their orgasms as far as possible.

As promised, the next evening Tom gave her a wonderful massage without complaining. Julia was overjoyed at how well Carol's advice worked. What was even more thrilling was that during the massage Tom confessed at how much he enjoyed the night before and asked if Julia would tease him like that again. That night Julia drifted off to sleep in a relaxing bliss.

The next time Julia saw Carol at work, she could not contain herself. She just had to share with the success she had with Tom. She asked Carol to go to lunch with her and then she shared everything. Carol was delighted that Julia had taken her advice. She beamed like a proud mother. Like a true mother she also had more advice to offer.

"Now that you have him hooked, you need to use it to your advantage. He needs to earn your attention. All his wants come at a price, understand?"

Julia loved this idea. "Yes. I can make him promise to massage me again, right?"

"That and so much more," replied Carol cunningly.

It was then that Carol shared with Julia, techniques to train and condition Tom to do what she wanted. Julia was shocked at what Carol was sharing with her. It was strange and absurd but given Julia's recent experience it was also intriguing. Julia was so enthralled with Carol's information that the lunch hour flew by quickly. She also discovered that all the sexual talk had stirred up her arousal and left a warm dampness in her panties.

Shortly after lunch Julia sat at her desk unable to concentrate because of all the erotic thoughts running through her head. She stared blankly at her computer screen while she fantasized about Tom kneeling naked before her, kissing her feet and worshipping her. She imagined him tied up and helpless. She imagined sitting on his face, forcing him to lick her pussy. Some of these erotic flashes were brought about by the things Carol shared during lunch and some of the thoughts came on their own.

Julia found herself rubbing her thighs together and clenching her pussy muscles as her mind wandered. Her pussy grew warmer and wetter. She could feel her nipples swelling in her bra. She desperately needed to touch herself. She glanced around and no one was looking. Discreetly she rubbed her hand over her crotch, pressing her fingers over her slit through her pants. The pressure on her pussy felt good. Her mouth parted slightly allowing a quiet sigh to escape. Julia's pussy needed attention. She wanted to cum badly right there but she knew that was not wise.

Julia stood and made a quick exit to the bathroom but not before grabbing a large pen shaped Sharpie marker. Carol's talk had elicited many kinky desires and so her fingers would not suffice for the task to be done. Inside the bathroom, Julia picked the stall farthest from the door. Thankfully all the other stalls were empty. She immediately dropped her pants and pushed the marker into her pussy. It's smooth surface easily penetrated her. She felt kinky and dirty masturbating with a marker at work. Now she wished she grabbed two or even three markers to masturbate with. A rubber band around three markers would provide a good size dildo, she thought.

Julia's other hand reach up under her shirt and slid beneath her bra. She squeezed and pinched her nipples while she masturbated with the marker. She imagined Tom beneath her pussy, licking her. She imagined pressing her pussy down over his mouth and nose smothering him. A high-pitched moan escaped her mouth when the first wave of her orgasm hit. It echoed through the bathroom. Julia was too lost in the pleasure to care if anyone heard. She covered her mouth with her hand trying to muffle any further moans. Her whole body shuddered each time her pussy engulfed the marker. Slowly the pleasure subsided and her body relaxed.

When her mind cleared and she took in the site of her sitting in a stall with drenched panties and marker dripping with her girl cum, she became ashamed at what she had done. She did not know what came over her. She pulled herself together, threw the marker in the trash and headed back to her desk. She was embarrassed but she also knew at that moment that she had to follow and continue to seek Carol's advice. Things were going to change between her and Tom.

Chapter 2 Taking Control

Tom could not keep his eyes off his wife's pussy while he massaged her left foot. She was lying on the bed while he stood at her feet. With her legs slightly parted he had a perfect view beneath her red silk night gown. Her could clearly see her slit and neatly trimmed pussy. Although it was his wife, he still felt like a naughty school boy staring at her pussy.

The view of her pussy was one of the many perks of giving her a massage. Massages were not something that he typically enjoyed doing but Julia was playing some type of game to entice him to massage her. He didn't quite remember how she got him to agree to the game but somehow he agreed to let her control his orgasm for a period of time.

Julia's right foot pressed against Tom's cock. Tom moaned, "mmmm..." She had rubbed his cock with her foot the day before and he loved it.

"Keep massaging," said Julia teasing as she continued to rub his cock with her foot.

"It's hard to concentrate. It's been four days since my last orgasm," complained Tom.

"Four days....who's counting," mocked Julia. "Do you want me to stop?"

"No," Tom replied quickly and started to massage her left foot again while Julia continued the teasing with her right foot.

Normally Tom did not track the days since his last orgasm, but the past 4 days were much different that any 4 days he had ever experienced. Julia made it a point to play with his cock every day while not allowing him to orgasm. It was pure torture for Tom. He thought it was a crazy idea from the start but Julia promised him lots of sexual attention if he agreed. It also didn't help matters that she had him completely aroused and unable to think straight when she came up with the idea.

Julia removed her foot from his cock. "You like all the teasing anyway, don't you pet? Hmmm? It makes you so horny and weak for me, doesn't it?"

"Yes Goddess," replied Tom. He knew that she liked to be called Goddess. During one of the tease sessions, she requested that he call her this. It was all part of the game and he was happy to oblige in order to keep the pleasure going.

Julia pressed her foot against his cock again as a reward for his answer. "Good boy."

Tom's body shuddered at her touch and from the 'good boy' compliment. The first time she whispered this in his ear, it seemed strange but now he craved the response. Tom was starting to notice a streak of dominance in Julia. He did not mind it. In fact he was starting to enjoy it. It added to the excitement of the game. He figured once the game was over, things would go back to normal and so he went along with it.

Tom took his time massaging her left foot. He was hoping that Julia would not stop playing with his cock as long as he massaged her foot. His theory proved right for a short while but eventually it came to an end. It was perfect timing because Tom was on the brink of orgasm.

Julia slid to the middle of the bed and patted the bed beside her. "Come lay next to me pet. Put your head by my feet."

Tom noticed that in the past two days Julia almost always referred to him as 'Pet'. He was not sure that he liked this but he did not want to upset her in fear that the pleasure would stop for him. He chose to accept her label and not make a big deal over it.

When Tom was in position, Julia moved her feet up to his nose. "Don't my feet smell nice pet?"

"Yes Goddess," replied Tom.

"Take a deep breath and inhale. Smell them good pet."

Tom breathed in deeply. The lotion made her feet smell delicious. It was a mild floral scent.

"Good pet. Keep breathing in the beautiful scent of my feet. Lay back and relax while I play with your cock."

Julia placed her hand around the base of Tom's cock and said "breathe in." She slowly moved her hand up his shaft to just below the tip of his cock. Tom inhaled deeply. He enjoyed the floral scent.

"Yes, that's good pet. Breathe in the scent of my feet. Let it relax you. Relax and enjoy how I tease your cock. "Julia leisurely stroked and teased his cock. She continued to talk to him in a slow soft voice.

"Enjoy the pleasure pet. Your arousal is growing stronger. Each time I stroke your cock you become more aroused. Mmmmm....breathe in. Each breath you take makes you more aroused."

Julia's voice was relaxing and mesmerizing to Tom. He continued to breathe in the smell of her feet. He drifted into a relaxed and aroused daze as Julia teased and talk to him. "The scent of my feet arouses you. The more aroused you become, the weaker you become and the more obedient you become. Mmm...you are weak and obedient....you are aroused and obedient. Obedience brings you pleasure pet. The more you obey me and please me the more pleasure you get."

"Yes Goddess, "whispered Tom mindlessly. His cock felt harder than ever. It ached with pleasure. He was in pure bliss. Julia's words touched a deep pleasure chord within him. The tone of her voice was soothing but firm. He knew she was exerting dominance over him and he liked it. The kinkiness of obeying her and being her pet heightened his arousal. His mind was overcome with arousal and strange emotions. He could not think straight. He just enjoyed the pleasure, listened to Julia's voice and grew weaker.

Julia circled her finger over the slit of Tom's cock. By now it was slippery with precum. Tom was so aroused that his precum oozed out continuously. Occasionally Julia would hold the top of his cock in her hand and ever so lightly squeeze her hand in a pulsing rhythm. His cock would respond with uncontrollable twitches. This would always elicit a moan from Tom.

The control that Julia had over Tom made her pussy hot and excited. Each time he begged to cum or arched and moaned with pleasure, her pussy grew hotter and wetter. Julia even got off on pressing her feet against his face while she teased him. She felt powerful forcing him to smell and worship her feet. He looked weak and submissive beneath her and she cherished this control she had over Tom.

Julia was merciless in her teasing. She brought Tom to the edge of orgasm over and over again. Each time he begged for release she denied his request and told him how weak he was and how much more she wanted to torture him. As she teased him she continued to order him to smell and worship her feet. In a calm but firm tone she repeated mesmerizing phrases about how her feet aroused him and his arousal made him more obedient and his obedience made him more aroused. She programmed his mind that he was weak and needy for her and that he wanted to obey her because obedience brought pleasure. These words infiltrated his mind and circled around, confusing him and molding his thoughts.

This was the same scenario that played out night after night for several days in a row. Julia teased him and molded his mind. The first night she did this she thought it was silly and she could tell Tom was also a bit apprehensive. She was only doing it at the advice of her friend Carol. Carol and Julia were now meeting at lunch on a daily basis. Each day Julia would give her an update on the progress of her husband and then Carol would coach her on what to do next. Julia even spent an evening at Carol's house discussing plans and techniques to take total control of her husband. When Julia left Carol's house that evening she felt empowered and was hornier than ever. When she returned home she immediately dragged Tom into the bedroom, had him strip naked and then she rode his face non-stop for an almost an hour. It took three orgasms from her before she was finally satisfied.

The silliness factor faded away quickly. After only four days Julia could see noticeable changes in Tom. Whenever he stripped naked to prepare for hers massage, his cock was always hard. This was something that Carol had told her would happen. She had said, "It's the first sign that your conditioning is working. He is aroused simply from being with you and worshipping you."

Julia also noticed that Tom was more focused on her and wanting to please her. She no longer asked him to do things, she ordered him to do them. He never argued with his orders. He always responded 'Yes Mistress' and then obeyed.

Carol had explained this to her as well. "By controlling his orgasms, you control him. If he wants an orgasm then he knows he needs to please you to get it."

When Carol first shared these tidbits with her, Julia dismissed them as pure fantasy. Now she was realizing that is was not fantasy at all and that Carol was a very smart woman.

It was only a few weeks since Julia first met Carol, that Carol convinced Julia to introduce her husband to her. Carol was very pleased at the progress Julia was making with Tom. She clearly had him wrapped around her finger and Carol wanted to see the results of all her coaching.

Julia and Carol chose a Saturday evening for the event. Julia kept it secret from Tom until Saturday morning. Saturday started off just like any other day with Tom serving Julia coffee. Julia had trained Tom how to make her coffee just right and he was expected to have a hot cup ready for her each morning

As soon as Tom placed the steaming cup on the table before his Mistress, Julia grabbed his crotch and started squeezing and stroking his cock through his pants. It only took a few seconds for his erection to appear.

"Mmm. You little horny boy," teased Julia.

"You do it to me Goddess. I am horny all the time."

Julia laughed. "I know weak boy."

Tom closed his eyes and enjoyed the pleasure. He knew he was weak. It had been several weeks since his last orgasm and Julia had been teasing his cock relentlessly over the weeks. Lately he seemed to be in a constant state of arousal. Julia could get him to the brink of orgasm in minutes. She had become a pro at teasing his cock. He was addicted to her teasing.

Julia's soft soothing voice interrupted his mindless bliss, "Pet, a friend of mine is coming over tonight. Her name is Carol. You need to be a good slave while she is here, understand?"

"Yes Mistress," moaned Tom. Julia unzipped his pants and pulled his cock through the slit in his boxer shorts. She slowly stroked his hard cock. "Mmmm...so nice."

Tom knew there was going to be more instructions coming from Julia. Over the past few weeks she had done this to him several times. She would tease his cock and get him aroused. Then she would give him an order. In his aroused state he would never resist. He always wanted to obey and please her to keep the pleasure going.

Over time this had a profound effect on him. Whenever Julia would order him to do something in the middle of the day, he would get aroused and start to get an erection. Julia would even giggle at his erections and tease at how much control she had over him. She was thrilled at how she had conditioned him to be aroused at obeying her.

Julia continued to lightly run her fingers up and down his cock, keeping it hard and throbbing. Calmly she said, "Pet, I want you to get us a nice bottle of red wine and I want you to prepare a few snacks for Carol and I to enjoy while we chat."

"Yes Goddess." There was no need to discuss the wine. Tom knew her favorite was pinot noir.

"You will spend the night serving us. You will keep our glasses full, you will keep the snacks fresh, and you will clear away our trash." Julia paused. She held his cock firmly. Then in a firm tone she said, "You will be our slave."

By now Tom was so aroused that all he could muster was a whisper. "Yes Goddess." His arousal was more than physical. Julia's stroking certainly got things started but it was her dominance that took Tom into a deep aroused state. Her firm orders excited him. He knew that the only reason she was playing with is cock was to weaken him and put his mind into an agreeable state. Tom knew that he was being manipulated and dominated but it thrilled him.

Precum oozed from the tip of his cock. Julia used her fingers to rub the slippery goo over the head of his cock. "A little excited, aren't we? Are you excited at being a slave to my friend?"

"Yes Goddess." Tom was thrilled over the idea of serving another woman. He liked the idea but he was also nervous. He was nervous that Carol would think he was strange. He raised the concern with Julia, "but what about Carol? What will she think?"

Julia continued to lightly tease his cock. She assured him, "There's nothing to worry about pet. I am not asking you to do anything kinky in front of her. You will simply be serving us food and drinks and being attentive to our needs, as any good husband should. The fact that you are being a slave to Carol and me will be our fun little secret. Carol will just think you are a great husband."

"o.k.," replied Tom. The idea of secretly being a slave thrilled Tom. He was glad that Julia came up with the idea.

Satisfied that Tom understood his marching orders, Julia tucked his hard cock back into his pants and pulled up his zipper. She patted his cock through his pants and said, "Good boy. Now go calm down."

Tom let out a frustrated and aroused sigh. His arousal spiked even higher, knowing that Julia had just exerted her Female power over him.

Prior to Carol's arrival, Tom drew a bath for Julia, bathed her, and helped her get dressed for the evening. These activities forced him into a submissive mind set early in the evening. Julia had Tom wear silk boxers, khaki shorts, and a snug fitting black shirt. In his aroused state of mind, Tom was concerned that the silk boxers would result in an embarrassing erection in front of Carol.

To make matters worse, a few minutes before Carol's arrival, Julia had Tom drop his pants and bend over for her. Then she gently pushed a butt plug into his ass. She had teased him with the butt plug several times before and it always felt incredible when she slowly inserted it and teased his ass. By the time is settled into his ass he had a fully fledged erection. Julia giggled and pulled up his silk boxers. As the silk slid over his cock it sent shivers through Tom's body.

"You better calm down before Carol gets here slave," laughed Julia.

"You're not making that easy," commented Tom.

"Aww..poor slave. You are so weak. Go into the kitchen and get our snacks ready. That should calm you down."

Fortunately for Tom, when the door bell rang a few minutes later, his erection had subsided. Tom rushed to the door. When he opened the door he was greeted with a bright smile and beautiful display of cleavage. Carol was wearing a provocative and sexy white strapless top. Tom was very content with his wife's smaller, perky tits but he could not help but stare at the cleavage before him. It took him a second or two to gather his composure and remember that Julia had given him specific instructions on how to greet Carol. He looked into her eyes and smiled and said, "Hello Miss Downy. My name is Tom. It is so nice to meet you."

Tom felt a little strange using her formal name since she was a friend to Julia but Julia insisted that Carol would prefer to be called Miss Downy. Carol smiled back at Tom and rather than shake his hand, she raised her hand like a queen. Tom thought this was strange but he instinctively took her hand and kissed it.

"How sweet," she said. "It's so nice to meet you. Julia has told me all about you."

"All good things, I hope," replied Tom as he escorted her to the living room where Julia was waiting.

"Of course. Julia says you treat her like a Goddess."

"I try my best."

"That's all you can do sweetie. As long as you try your best, she will always be pleased with you."

When they entered the living room, Julia's eyes lit up and the girls greeted each other and embraced with cheerful hugs and kisses. Tom was about to ask if anyone wanted a drink but Julia beat him to the punch. In a demanding tone she ordered, "Tom go pour Miss Downy and I a glass of wine."

Out of habit, he almost responded with a 'yes Goddess' but he caught himself at the last second and instead said, "Sure." He walked into the kitchen thankful that he caught himself. It would have been very embarrassing if Carol heard him refer to Julia as Goddess. He was already slightly embarrassed at the tone Julia had used with him. Never before had she commanded him like that in front of somebody else and it felt like a direct hit to his manly ego.

Tom served the wine and brought out a plate of cheese and crackers while the girls sat on the couch and talked. As Julia had instructed him earlier, when the drinks were full and the food was out, he sat on a chair across from the girls, and listened intently but remained quiet. He was not to join the conversation unless he was directly asked a question.

Neither Carol nor Julia showed interest in Tom. He felt odd sitting quietly while they talked but it gave him a chance to study Carol. She had a very pleasant and warm personality. She seemed like the kind of person that could make friends with anyone. Her golden blond hair glowed as bright as her personality. It was pulled back into a fancy bun which Tom thought gave her a look of confidence. Since Julia had already taken his mind into a perverted and submissive state, Tom just had to focus on her figure for a moment. Her breasts were an eyeful and when she had walked into the house, Tom also thought her ass looked quite nice in the short black skirt that she was wearing. He was secretly delighted that Julia had made friends with a blond bombshell.

Tom's thoughts were interrupted by Julia. Again she used a firm tone with him. "Tom, go prepare the hot appetizers for us now."

"o.k." replied Tom and headed off to the kitchen.

While in the kitchen, Carol pulled a small gift bag from her pocket book. "Since you are doing so good with training your husband. I bought a small gift for you."

Julia smiled with delight. "Ooh. I love gifts. You didn't have to do that."

Julia carefully pulled back the tissue paper inside the bag and uncovered a small candle. She brought the candle to her nose and inhaled. "Mmm. This smells just like the lotion for my feet."

"Yes. It is the same scent. This is another fun way to tease Tom. Let's see if it works."

Carol took the candle from Julia and placed it on the coffee table. She then pulled a pack of matches from her pocket book and lit the candle. The floral scent quickly filled the room.

"If your training is working, Tom will not be able to hold back his arousal once he smells the scent. He will surely become flustered," laughed Carol.

"Oooh. I love it," cooed Julia. "This is going to be fun.

A few minutes later, Tom brought in a small plate of mozzarella sticks for the girls. Carol smiled at him and said, "These look delicious. You are such a good husband."

"Thank you Miss Downey," replied Tom.

"He is a good husband," confirmed Julia. "It took a lot of training but he is coming around."

Tom laughed, thinking he was sharing an inside joke with just Julia. He was surprised that he was the only one who laughed.

"Keep up the good work," replied Carol with a wink.

Suddenly a feeling of arousal washed over Tom. The butt plug in his ass instantly intensified the arousal. He felt his cock start to stir in his pants and an overwhelming feeling of submissiveness swept through him. There was an unusual seriousness in the way Julia and Carol were talking about his training and Tom thought that maybe that's why he was getting aroused.

Julia directed Tom's attention to the candle. "Tom, look what Miss Downey bought me. Isn't it nice? Get closer and smell it."

Tom leaned down and took a whiff of the candle. The warm familiar scent filled his nostrils and defeated his ability to hold back his arousal. Carol and Julia exchanged secret glances and quiet giggles as they watched a growing bulge in Tom's pants. Tom stood in front of the coffee table with a dazed look. His mind seemed to be blank and unaware of the vulgar bulge in his crotch.

Carol's voice snapped him out of the daze. "Tommy dear, Julia has told me that you give wonderful foot massages. Is that true?"

Tom could not believe how aroused he felt. His thoughts were hazy and so he had not yet realized that his erection in his pants was in plain sight. He simply replied, "Yes Miss Downey. I give her foot massages every night."

"Fantastic! My feet are a bit achy right now. Why don't you show me what you can do."

Tom was thrilled with the idea. He looked over at Julia for approval. Julia replied, "Yes slave. Go get the foot lotion. Do not keep Miss Downey waiting."

Tom blushed slightly at being called slave in front of Miss Downey. He blushed even more when he walked away and looked down and saw how vulgar his erection looked in his pants. There was even a large wet spot where the tip of his cocked pressed against his pants. His was certain Miss Downey noticed this.

While Tom was fetching the lotion. Carol and Julia were laughing at how Tom had become instantly aroused and flustered once he smelled the candle.

Carol said, "You're training is working Julia. He is clearly conditioned to respond to the scent and to your voice."

"It really is amazing. I honestly did not believe that it would work. Thank you for teaching me how to condition and control him."

"Oh, the fun is just beginning! You have much more to learn. Let's turn up the teasing even more, shall we?"

Carol smiled devilishly at Julia and pulled the zipper on her top down slightly, exposing even more off her cleavage and even part of her lace bra.

Julia laughed, "You are going to drive Tom crazy. He's been eyeing up your breasts all night."

The truth was that Julia couldn't keep her eyes of Carol's breasts either. They were beautiful and now they were practically fully exposed in front of her. Julia had a few bi experiences in college but she had not messed around with other girls since she got married. However, ever since she became friends with Carol, her bi desires started to resurface. She was feeling very horny. The combination of the wine and dominating Tom in front of Carol was heating up her pussy. The scent of the candle seemed to have an arousing effect on her as well.

Julia must have been staring at Carol's breasts because Carol said to her, "I see you like my breasts just as much as Tom does."

Julia looked up a bit flustered and said, "Oh..ah...yes they are beautiful."

"Well perhaps one day I will let you play with them," Carol said seductively.

"I would like that," Julia said in almost a whisper. She could hardly believe the words escaped her lips.

"Me too." Carol's tone then shifted from seductive and playful to a slightly serious tone. "You need to show off your breasts too. Take your bra off."

"Okay," responded Julia without hesitation. She reached behind and undid her bra underneath her shirt. Then she slid the straps off her shoulders and pulled the bra from underneath her shirt. Julia was wearing a tight clingy pink shirt. The shirt clung to her perky breasts. Without a bra, the shape of her pointy nipples were clearly visible.

Carol placed her hands on each side of Julia's breasts and said, "Mmmm, this looks so sexy." Her hands glided around the underside of Julia's breasts and her thumbs rubbed over each nipple. Julia' eyes blinked shut and a moan escaped her lips. The whole moment only lasted a few seconds but it ignited a fiery desire inside Julia. Her nipples swelled and ached for more and her pussy grew hotter and wetter.

Carol admired Julia's nipples poking at her shirt. "Much better. Your nipples look so sexy."

Just then Tom entered the room. He expected to be reprimanded for taking so long. His slow return was because he waited for his cock to calm down before returning. However, the girls did not seem to notice. His calming efforts were futile because his arousal immediately returned the moment he entered the living room. The room was filled with a strong sexual atmosphere. It was not something that Tom's brain could process immediately but his subconscious instantly picked up on the scented candle, Julia's arousal, and the strong sexual vibes coming from Miss Downey.

Tom walked towards Carol. He was immediately aware of her breasts spilling out of her top. Trying not to stare he looked over at his wife and his eyes were instantly drawn to her pointy nipples. His gaze moved upward and found Julia's mischievous eyes waiting for him.

"What are you waiting for pet," said Julia. "Miss Downey's feet need attention."

"Yes Goddess," replied Tom not even realizing he slipped into complete submissive mode in front of Miss Downey.

Tom kneeled down in front of Miss Downey. She was wearing black shiny heels. Her toe nails were painted a bright red and were perfectly trimmed and shaped. Tom stared at her feet, unsure what to do. Julia always had her shoes removed when he went to massage them.

Tom looked up at Miss Downey and asked, "Miss Downey, should I take your shoes off?"

Julia jumped in, "Of course slave. How can you massage her feet with her shoes on?"

Carol was amused at Julia's response. She could tell that Julia was upset and embarrassed at Tom's question. It proved the Julia was trying to impress her. Carol was pleased with this.

There were two straps and buckles that wrapped around Miss Downey's ankle. Tom carefully worked at unbuckling them. They were thin and Tom's large fingers fumbled with them. Carol prodded him on. "Having trouble Tom? My feet don't have all night."

Tom should have been taken aback by Carol's remarks. However, in his aroused and confused state of mind he felt submissive and obedient towards her. Obediently he replied, "Sorry Miss Downey. I will hurry."

Tom removed her right shoe and hurriedly put it to the side. It fell on its side. Miss Downey firmly said, "No, no Thomas. Pick up my shoe and buckle the straps. I expect you to take good care of my shoes."

"Yes Miss Downey." Tom carefully put the shoe into an upright position and buckled the straps.

"A little faster Tom. My feet are waiting," demanded Miss Carol.

"Sorry Miss Downey."

Again, Tom should have been upset a Carol's persistence. After all, he was the one massaging her feet. However, quite the opposite was happening. Her quick and firm demands were pushing him deeper into submission. The deeper he went the more his cock throbbed.

When Tom finally had her shoes off and neatly put to the side, he started to massage the lotion into her foot. Carol sighed with approval. "Mmm. That feels nice Thomas. Press a little harder dear. Yes, much better. Good boy."

Tom's cock throbbed at her approval. He was excited to hear the words 'good boy.' Kneeling at Carol's feet gave Tom a clear view under her skirt. To his surprise she wore no panties. He found himself staring up at her pussy lips. Her pussy was shaved completely. The only time Tom ever saw a bare pussy was in magazines or porno movies. This rare and erotic sight was the apple in the Garden of Eden for Tom. It was a temptation he could not resist and his eyes stared as much as they could without getting caught.

After a few minutes Tom went to switch to the other foot. Carol immediately reprimanded him. "No, not yet. I'll let you know when you can switch."

"Sorry Ma'am."

Carol firmly corrected him, "It's Miss Downey, not Ma'am. I'm not an old lady!"

"Yes Miss Downey," agreed Tom.

Her dominance over Tom was obvious now and Tom yielded to it willingly and with pleasure. Julia watched with amazement and excitement. The earlier erotic moment with Carol and her had sparked a fire in her pussy. Now, watching her husband submit to and obey Carol heightened her arousal even more. Julia could see that Carol had Tom under her spell. He was weak and powerless against Carol's dominance and sexuality. This excited Julia and she admired and envied Carol's dominance.

Julia was getting hands on experience from watching Carol and was taking mental notes on how to be more strict and demanding with Tom. She was glad to have Carol as her teacher.

After Carol had given Tom permission to switch to her other foot she looked over at Julia and sad, "Julia honey, I have a favor to ask you."

"Yes, anything Miss Downey."

Carol was delighted with Julia's willingness to please her. "My wine glass is empty and Tom is doing such a fabulous job on my feet. I don't want my massage interrupted. Would you mind re-filling my glass?"

Without hesitation Julia replied, "Yes, of course I can re-fill it for you."

"Great. Make sure you rinse it out. I like to have a fresh glass with each drink."

"Yes Miss Downey."

Those obedient words coming from Julia's mouth were music to Carol's ears. Julia was slipping under her spell without even realizing it. Before the night had started, Carol suggested that Julia address her as 'Miss Downey' also. She explained that it would help reinforce to Tom that she was also a superior to him. This was true, but Carol was also secretly bringing Julia under her control. With girls Carol always took a more subtle and pleasant approach to dominance. Girls deserved more respect than boys. 

When Julia left the room Carol smiled devilishly at Tom and said, "Your Mistress was right, you do give great massages. Are you enjoying the view of my pussy little pervert?"

Tom's mind was confused. He could not make sense of the evening or how much Carol knew about his submission to Julia. He could not think straight. Carol's question took him by surprise and embarrassed him. He did not know if she was upset or teasing him.

Tom blushed and stuttered," ah....ah...sorry Miss Downey."

Carol's voice was unwavering, "I didn't ask for an apology. Answer my question slave."

"Yes," replied Tom meekly.

"Yes what? Tell me what you liked."

"I liked staring at your pussy Miss Downey." Tom felt naughty saying this to someone other than his wife.

Carol spread her legs open wider. "Of course you did pervert. Stare at it right now."

Tom's eyes locked in on her bare pussy. He could clearly see the outline of her pussy lips and the deep valley of her slit. It was erotic and obscene. It made his cock ache in pleasure.

Carol was clearly in control of the situation. "Memorize it," she demanded. "Memorize my pussy. Remember it. The next time you have an orgasm I want you to see my pussy in your mind. I want the image of my pussy flashing before you when you have an orgasm. Understand?"

There was nothing Tom could do about her demand. The damage was already done. Her pussy had already found a permanent place is his mind. Even if he wanted to forget, it was too late now.

"Yes Miss Downey."

Immediately Carol quipped, "I did not tell you to stop massaging me. Keep massaging my feet slave."

"Sorry Miss Downey," apologized Tom.

His eyes drifted down to her feet and he started massaging her foot again. Julia entered right on cue with two glasses of wine. She handed on to Carol and said, "Here you go Miss Downey."

Julia sat down next to Carol and Carol smiled at her and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "You are so sweet Julia. Thank You."

Carol was pleased to have Julia serving her while Tom massaged her feet. It was exactly how she planned things. She was playing mind games with both Julia and Tom, entangling them in an erotic web that was inescapable. It was a game that made her pussy hot and wet.

Tom remained quiet while he tended to Miss Downey's feet. He was unsure about what just occurred and whether or not it was a crazy game that Julia was playing with him. He decided the best thing was to just remain quiet and see how the night played out. It was definitely a tease that was driving him crazy. He knew Miss Downey was aroused as well. Her pussy lips were swollen and glistening with moisture and he could smell her arousal. He purposely leaned toward her crotch so that he could inhale the heavenly scent.

With each breath his lungs were filled with her womanly scent. The more he inhaled the weaker and more aroused he became. He still had a plug snuggled firmly in his ass, which added to his erotic torture. Every movement he made caused the plug to tease his sensitive insides and added to his erotic high. The teasing was maddening and he hoped that somehow the night would end up with the three of them tangled up in erotic bliss.

After several minutes, Miss Downey pulled her foot away and said, "That's enough Tom. That was wonderful."

Julia patted him on the head and said, "good boy. Now you can clean-up."

"Yes Goddess," replied Tom.

When Tom stood up, Julia immediately commented in a dramatic and disapproving tone, "Tom, You are a mess. You wet your pants. That's so vulgar!"

Tom looked down. His cock poked at his shorts obscenely. There was a large wet spot on the front of his shorts from his precum. Tom blushed and turned away from the girls to hide his embarrassing wet spot and erection. "Sorry," he muttered.

Julia enjoyed his embarrassment and wanted to swim in it and enjoy it. "No, no, dear. Turn back to us. We need to do something about your little accident."

Tom slowly turned back blushing an even deeper red. Miss Downey had an amused look on her face and she let out a small giggle. Julia commented, "My, my. My little boy has wet his pants. You better take them off pet. We don't want a rash on your little pee-pee do we."

Tom looked at Julia trying to figure out if she was joking. His hesitation to obey was met with a motherly demand, "Now sweetie! Take off your wet shorts. Don't make me ask again. You don't want me to spank you in front of Miss Downey, do you?"

Slowly Tom undid his shorts and pulled them down. The wet spot on his boxers was glistening and even more embarrassing. He could see that both Julia and Miss Downey were staring at his cock with amusement. Julia made him strip out of his boxers and his shirt so that he was completely naked.

"That's much better slave. Go put your clothes in the hamper and then you can clean-up."

Tom obeyed. His cock remained hard the entire time that he worked in front of the girls, clearing the plates and trash from table.

Once Tom was in the kitchen, Carol commented to Julia, "You are doing a fabulous job training Tom. He is already very obedient."

"Thank you. It's all because of you. Everything you have told me has worked great. I have even learned a lot tonight just by watching you. I can't believe how quickly you had him responding to your every command. "

Carol smiled with pride. "Yes, I have that effect on people," she joked. Then her tone became more serious, "It's good that you watched me and learned from me. The more you try to be like me, the better Mistress you will be, understand?"

"Yes Miss Downey....err Carol." Julia blushed a bit and giggled. "I guess I can call you Carol now that Tom is not here."

Carol replied back, "I like when you call me Miss Downey. As long as I am training you, I want you to call me Miss Downey." Carols hands caressed Julia's tits through the thin shirt while she talked. Julia was already horny from the evening's events. When Carol's thumbs rubbed over her nipples, Julia's pussy pulsed in her panties.

Julia was in a happy place. She whispered back, "Yes Mistress."

"Good girl," replied Miss Downey.

Those words caused Julia's pussy to throb again. Her pussy was hot and wet and needy of attention. For the first time, Julia realized that she was falling victim to the very same techniques that Carol was teaching her to use on Tom. She too was falling under Carol's spell and she loved it.

Julia looked into Carol's eyes knowingly. A superior smile formed on Carols' face. No words were needed. At that moment each girl knew their rightful place in the relationship. Carol took both of Julia's hands and held them in hers. Then she said, "Obedience to you is not enough. Tom must learn to worship you. He will be trained to worship you like a Goddess."

"Mmmm. I like that," cooed Julia.

Carol continued, "He must learn that his rightful place is beneath a woman. He must learn to worship not just you but all women. His purpose in life is to be your slave and also to serve and worship the Female."

"Yes Miss Downey. I will train him to worship the Female."

Carol was still teasing Julia's nipples. She continued her instructions. "Since I cannot be here all the time to train Tom, it's important that you follow my orders exactly. You must continue to do everything I say. You are an extension of me....like a puppet. You are my puppet Julia."

Strangely, the idea of being a puppet to Carol was an exciting thought. Julia surprised herself when she said, "I like being your puppet Miss Downey."

"That's good. Puppet, I want you to reward Tommy tonight. Reward him for being a good obedient slave to you and for obeying you in front of me. Tell him how pleased you are with his performance and allow him to orgasm. Reward yourself also puppet. Make him give you an orgasm before he has one."

"Yes Mistress. What about you? Aren't you all horned up. Don't you want an orgasm?"

"Are you offering your tongue to me or are you offering me your husband's cock?"

"Whichever you prefer," replied Julia, hoping that she would pick her tongue.

Carol caressed Julia's cheek and gave her a deep tongue kiss. "Very good puppet. That is the perfect response but I have a slave waiting at home for me. He will be naked and kneeling by the front door when I arrive. You would like him. He has a nice cock. Maybe I'll let you play with him one night."

Julia envied Carol even more. "You keep getting better and better Miss Downey."

Carol laughed. "Puppet, why don't you zip me up. I should be going now."

Julia gladly obeyed. She pulled the zipper up on her shirt and then helped Miss Downey put her shoes on and escorted her to the door. Before leaving Miss Downey gave her another kiss and said, "Don't forget to reward your husband tonight."

"Yes Miss Downey."

Carol left the house smiling, knowing that shortly after she left, Tom would be focused on her pussy.

Chapter 3 Captured!

A few weeks had passed since Carol's visit. Over those few weeks Tom's training intensified. By now it was clear to Tom that his submission to his wife was more than just a game. She was incorporating it into their everyday life. Tom was enjoying it just as much as her so he did not mind. He reasoned that he could end it anytime he wanted.

One of the most thrilling experiences for Tom was the night that Carol had visited. He was certain the night was going to end with a three-some and was disappointed when she left early. Despite that let-down, it was the most erotic night of his marriage and he could not stop thinking about the sexy and powerful Carol. He dreamed of meeting her again.

His dream eventually came true. He ran into her in an unexpected place. He was attending a charity event on behalf of his company. His company often forked over thousands of dollars to buy a table of seats at different charity events. Every now and then he would attend one of the events with his wife. Julia was supposed to accompany him to this event but had to back out at the last minute due to another commitment. He did not know what the other commitment was. Julia did not give an explanation and as her slave Tom had been trained not to ask of such things.

A few of Tom's co-workers would be attending the event so he was not concerned about attending solo. It was at this event that he ran into Carol. The event was close to winding down and Tom was standing to the side of the dance floor with a glass of beer in his hand when heard a woman's voice say, "Hello stranger."

Tom turned to the voice to see Carol. She looked stunning in a black sequin gown. Tom was delighted to see that she chose a gown which eloquently displayed her best assets.

"Hi Miss Downey," replied Tom cheerfully. "What are you doing here?"

"I am a big supporter of the American Diabetes Association. How about you?"

"My company supports the event."

Tom had a hard time keeping his eyes off her cleavage while he engaged in small talk with Carol. The image of her bare pussy was still stored in his mind and Tom's cock stirred in his pants as thoughts of that evening flashed through his mind.

At one point, the DJ switched to a slow song. Carol commented, "This is my favorite song. Come dance with me." She did not give Tom a choice. She grabbed Tom's hand and pulled him onto the dance floor.

While they slow danced, Tom maintained a respectable distance from her so that their bodies were not rubbing. He did this because he was married but also because Carol's presence was making him horny and rubbing against her body would certainly lead to an embarrassing situation. It did not help matters that he had not been allowed to cum in over 3 weeks and Julia had spent the night before teasing his cock with no mercy. Despite his efforts to be respectable, Tom's cock stirred even more as they slow danced. With Carol's exposed cleavage so close to him he could not stop thinking about the fun events of his first night with Carol. He tried to fight his arousal but it was a losing battle. His cock started to grow erect.

As they danced, Tom's cock brushed against Carol. He hoped she did not notice. However, only seconds after the 'brush' incident, Carol pulled Tom in closer so that their bodies rubbed together. She held him tight and whispered into his ear, "Mmm. Somebody's excited to dance with me."

"Sorry Miss Downey," apologized Tom with embarrassment. " I don't know what has come over me."

Carol's hand slid up to the back of his head. "I do," she whispered. "It's my perfume. Smell it." Carol pushed his head forward forcing his nose into her neck.

Tom inhaled the floral scent. He was shocked at how Miss Downey held him firmly. Her one hand pressed his head into her neck and her other hand pressed tightly against his lower back forcing their crotches to grind together as they swayed on the dance floor. It was not dirty dancing but rather a slow subtle grinding.

"Recognize the scent darling?"

Tom was experiencing the same erotic daze that hit him the night of Carol's visit. His cock grew harder and he could not think straight. Carol did not wait for his response. "It's the same scent that Julia uses to train you. It makes you weak and obedient doesn't it? Breathe it in again."

Tom instinctively inhaled again. His mind grew weaker and his cock throbbed harder. It never occurred to him before that Julia was training him. It was a silly thought.

Carol's voice drifted into his mind again, "Tom, you need to obey me now. I will explain everything to you once we get to my car o.k. darling? Inhale my beautiful scent again. Take a long deep breath and then follow me."

Tom's mind instantly responded to her command and he inhaled long and deep. He was barely aware that he was on a dance floor. He was aroused and excited to be with Miss Downey. She tugged on his hand and he followed. Before he knew it, she was helping him into her car.

Once in the car, Miss Downey leaned over and opened the glove compartment. "I have a wonderful present for you for being such a good obedient boy. You are going to love this."

She pulled out a white dust mask. It was a cotton mask that construction workers use to keep dust from their mouth and nose. Using a small spray bottle, she sprayed the inside of the mask with the perfume she was wearing. The erotic haze was just starting to wear off Tom. He was slowly realizing his situation but he was too slow to react. Carol placed the mask over his nose and mouth and stretched rubber strap around the back of his head securing the mask to his face. The floral scent was overwhelming. It invaded his nostrils, filled his insides, and put him into a deep state of comfort and arousal.

"That's it. Breathe it in. It feels so good doesn't it. Weaker and weaker....aroused...obedient....submit to me.....relax....good boy."

Tom was aroused and relaxed. He was so relaxed that he did not want to move. Carol reached over and undid his pants and freed his cock. Her hands stroked it a few times. "Mmm. I've been wanting this cock for some time. I've been waiting for this moment for several months."

Tom looked over at Carol with a groggy look. Carol's pussy dripped at the site of her prey. He was weak and powerless. She had captured him and there was no escape. She would have fun toying with him.

Carol started the car and started driving. "That's right slave. I have had my eye on your for several months. I knew I would have you eventually. First I had to get to your wife."

Carol stroked his cock while she drove. "Keep breathing sweetie. The perfume in that mask is pure. It's not diluted like the lotion that Julia's uses so it's much more powerful. It's very addicting isn't it?"

Tom breathed in and it felt good. He liked how it gave him an erotic high. He could see how it could be addicting. He nodded his head in agreement.

"Yes, that's right darling. Don't worry sweetie. I have lots of it. As long as you obey me and be a good husband to Julia the pleasure will continue. That is what you want isn't it?"

"Yes Miss Downey," Tom mumbled into the mask.

"Shhh...don't speak. Just enjoy the pleasure. The perfume is a very special scent. It has certain pheromones that stimulate arousal while at the same time relaxing the mind. It's the perfect combination to program the male mind. It's not available commercially. I mean could you imagine what could happen if it fell into the wrong hands?" Carol laughed with a devilish grin.

The more Carol explained, the more helpless Tom felt. Part of him wanted to be strong but he could not resist the arousal that filled his mind and body. He did not want the pleasure to stop. He also sensed that Miss Downey was getting off on seeing him fall under her control. In some strange way this excited him even more. He wanted her to be aroused and excited over his demise.

Miss Downey continued to toy with his mind. "Julia is a hot little Goddess Tom. You were meant to worship her but you will also be my toy. Yes, that's right Tom, you are my toy now. Julia knows this. She is the one who helped me get to you. She did not know it at first. She was just my puppet."

Carol raised her hand and wiggled her fingers. "My little hand puppet doing whatever I wanted." She laughed with delight. "I enjoyed seducing her Tom. It did not take long for her to discover the true rewards of having a slave husband. Female power is a wonderful thing and is just as addicting to the Female as submission is to the male. Once she had a taste of it, she wanted to learn more and more about how to control you. She wanted it at any price."

Carol squeezed Tom's cock and Tom's body shivered with pleasure. "You were the price toy." Carol laughed again, amused by her cunning intelligence.

Tom Felt like he was in a movie. He was secret agent James Bond and Carol was the sexy evil villain explaining her plot on how she would destroy him. The only problem was that Tom was no James Bond. There would be no escape from Carol's power. Tom was not even trying to figure out an escape plan. The more Carol talked, the more aroused and excited he became. Tom was enjoying his helpless predicament.

Tom was becoming more and more relaxed. As he inhaled the soothing scent from the mask he grew more tired and more aroused. His eyes started to close. He could see Carol smiling at him with delight. Her lips whispered, "That's right my toy....relax and sleep.."

Tom obeyed.

Chapter 4 Preparing the Toy for Play Time

Tom awoke feeling warm and confined. A tight fitting suit covered his entire body. He was lying flat on his back on a cushioned table. He could not move but he felt comfortable and relaxed. He opened his eyes and peered down his body, revealing that he was wearing a latex suit. His legs were strapped to the table at his ankles and just above his knees. His arms were comfortably secured to the table along each side of him. Even his hands, feet, and head were covered in latex. The hood had holes for his eyes, nose, and mouth. Tom would later discover that there were other openings in the latex suit for Miss Downey's use.

Tom heard the clicking of heels move toward him. Click, click, click, echoed off the tile floor. A hand lightly rubbed the side of his cheek. A soft voice whispered in a slow melodic lullaby, "T-h-e-r-e'-s my little toy. A-l-l a-w-a-k-e from his little nappy."

Miss Downey's melodic voice triggered a strong arousal in Tom. His cock grew hard in seconds causing a tight bulge in the latex suit. Tom shifted is eyes upward. Miss Downey was topless. Her large beautiful breasts hung over Tom. Despite this distraction, Tom's eyes locked in on her glossy red lips that peered down at him. They looked delicious and he wanted to taste them. He watched intently as the sung more lullabies.

"T-h-a-t'-s it Toy. Get n-i-c-e and aroused for me. It's s-o-o-o hard to resist my voice toy."

Miss Downey leaned down and gave Tom a slow kiss on his cheek and then she slowly licked all the way up the side of his face. "Mmmm," she moaned.

His cheek was covered in latex but somehow he still felt the warmth of her kiss and the wetness of her tongue. He wanted to taste her lips even more but it was clear that she was the one doing the tasting. Miss Downey took a few steps back. Her heels clicked again as she slowly circled Tom, taking in her prey.

Tom could see that she was completely naked except for heels, black elbow length latex gloves, dangling diamond earrings and a shimmering diamond necklace. Her nakedness was startling to Tom. He was used to seeing girls in panties and lingerie. Nakedness came when the lights were dim. Instead Miss Downey walked around him in a brightly lit room. Her pussy lips were completely exposed, with no pubic hair to hide them. It was raw and vulgar. Miss Downey circled him slowly with the confidence of a lioness. Her breasts pointed out, her head up high, her eyes taking him in. She was the queen of the jungle. Her nakedness was natural, intimidating, and exciting.

Miss Downey's hand slid up his thigh and over his crotch. Her latex glove gently squeezed the latex bulge and she looked into Tom's eyes with a playful grin. Tom wanted to say something but his mind seemed frozen. He was still trying to process how he got into the situation. He remembered being taken by Miss Downey. He did not know how, but he knew that she took him, that he belonged to her.

Miss Downey's hand slid inside the latex suit through what seemed to be an invisible flap. Her latex fingers grasped his hard cock and pulled it through the flap. The cool air felt good on his hot cock. Miss Downey carefully adjusted him so that his balls were exposed along with his cock. Now Tom was the one looking vulgar with his cock pointing straight up.

Miss Downey's latex glove slowly moved up and down, stroking his cock. "Now, that's much better Toy, don't you think," mused Miss Downey in a sultry voice.

She did not expect an answer. Tom knew that. In fact, Tom sensed that he should not speak at all. He was not even supposed to move. He was here to be her toy. Somewhere in his subconscious mind he knew that.

After a few strokes, Miss Downey said, "I shall have lots of fun playing with you tonight toy." Then she clicked over to the side of the room and returned with a large glass bowl. She placed the bowl on Tom's stomach and then started adjusting different levers and handles above his head.

As she worked she explained. "Julia has done a fantastic job training you to be obedient and subservient to women. Your training is just beginning toy. I expect more than obedience. You will learn to worship women. Not just Julia and me, but ALL women. You exist to serve and worship the Female."

The idea of worshipping women did not seem strange at all to Tom. In fact, the more Miss Downey talked about it, the more aroused he became. The only thing that seemed strange was the contraption above his head. He was looking up at large plastic funnel. Above the funnel was another larger funnel. Both funnels had a knob at the bottom of the spout.

Tom was trying to figure out the purpose of the contraption but his thoughts were interrupted instantly when Miss Downey pushed a metal device into his mouth. It was a brace that forced his mouth open. Miss Downey swiftly secured a strap behind his head, locking the device in place.

"There we go Toy. Your mouth is now open for my enjoyment. Wide open for me to put anything in it that I want."

Tom was now understanding the purpose of the contraption. He wondered exactly what Miss Downey would want to pour into it and what it had to do with worshipping women. He would get his answer soon enough.

Miss Downey stroked his cock again, bringing him to a heightened state of arousal. "One of the best ways a slave.....a toy....can worship his owner is to consume her golden nectar. You will learn to do that tonight toy."

Tom could not believe what was happening. Miss Downey stood on top of the table and squatted over the bowl that rested on his stomach. Tom was staring straight at her naked pussy. He watched in amazement as she peed into the bowl right in front of his eyes. There was no shame or embarrassment from Miss Downey. She perched over Tom like a beautiful Queen and released her golden nectar for him to consume.

Tom watched the bowl fill with the golden liquid. It did not repulse or disgust him. Quite the opposite was happening. The sheer kinkiness and perverseness of the situation caused his arousal to grow. His mind was dropping into deep submission and preparing to worship Miss Downey. Tom's cock twitched with excitement. This did not go unnoticed by Miss Downey. While she peed she gently petted Tom's cock with her gloved hand and said, "Yes my toy. I know this excites you. It is exciting to be beneath me, worshipping me with your eyes, and ready to serve me. You are such a dirty boy and I love that about you."

When she finished peeing she got off of the table, lifted the bowl up and poured the liquid into the large funnel. Then she turned the knob at the bottom of the funnel draining enough of the liquid to fill the smaller funnel below it.

Tom's mouth remained open, ready to take in the liquid. His heart was beating wildly in his chest from excitement and from uncertainty. He was not sure what to expect or whether or not he would like it.

Miss Downey caressed the side of his face with her hand and in a sweet voice said, "get ready to worship my golden nectar toy."

Golden nectar sounded appetizing to Tom. He prepared himself for the liquid. Miss Downey turned the knob on the bottom funnel and a stream of pee rushed out and into Tom's mouth. Tom did not expect it to come so fast. It hit the back of his throat and he coughed. Miss Downey turned the knob off and laughed at his predicament. "Come on toy. Relax. You can do it. I don't want you to drown in my pee."

Miss Downey turned the knob again, releasing another rush of the golden liquid. This time he took it in without coughing but he struggled to keep swallowing it fast enough. After a few seconds Miss Downey stopped the flow. Tom sensed that she was amused and pleased with seeing him struggle.

"Good boy," she said. "You are getting better. Let's slow it down a bit so you can enjoy it. I want you to savor the taste of my pee."

Miss Downey turned the knob slightly so that her pee dripped at a steady pace out of the funnel and into his waiting mouth. "Ahhh....much better," she said. "Drip, drip, drip, right into your mouth toy. There is nothing you can do about it. You must lay there helpless and drink my pee." Tom liked it better when she used the words 'golden nectar.' That sounded more noble and enticing. He was certain that her choice of words were deliberate. He could tell that she was getting off on his predicament and humiliating him by using the more vulgar words. Miss Downey fingered her pussy and played with her nipples while she stared at her toy. This only excited Tom more. He was eager to please her and wanted her to be excited by his humiliation.

Miss Downey crouched beside Tom. Her eyes watched the steady dripping of the warm liquid into his mouth. She whispered, "drip, drip, drip.....every drop that you consume brings you closer to me. Every drop makes you weaker and more submissive and obedient to me. Worship me toy. Drink the golden nectar of your Goddess."

The steady dripping was soothing. Her words were mesmerizing. Everything she said made sense to Tom. Each drop that splashed into his mouth took him deeper into submission. He craved to worship her. His arousal grew and grew the more he drank.

Miss Downey turned the knob on the upper funnel allowing it to slowly drip into the bottom funnel. "This should keep you busy for awhile toy. I need to go check on my puppet."

Tom's eyes looked over at Miss Downey with confusion. 'Did she mean Julia' he wondered. Miss Downey's gaze was waiting for him, expecting the confused look. "Yes, toy....you know who my puppet is. You probably noticed the camera."

Tom's eyes followed Miss Downey's upward gaze. A camera hung from the ceiling, pointing directly at him. He did not notice it before. There were too many distractions and too much excitement for him to notice it earlier.

Miss Downey explained, " Julia has been watching everything through that camera. Let's just call it a training video," laughed Miss Downey with amusement. "you are not the only one being trained toy. I bet her pussy is dripping wet by now. I think I'll go have a taste."

The clicking of Miss Downey's heels grew quieter as she walked away. Tom could faintly here them walk down the hall. Soon the only sound was Miss Downey's pee dripping from one funnel to the next and into his mouth. Tom had no sense of time. He did not know if it was night or day. He had no idea how long he had been sleeping earlier and he was unsure how much time had passed before Miss Downey came back into the room. He had consumed all her pee by the time she returned. Miss Downey was pleased at this, even though Tom did not have much of a choice in the matter.

Miss Downey cheerfully said, "All done I see. Good news...Julia was so excited at what she saw that she just insisted you have some of her golden nectar."

Tom watched helplessly as Miss Downey poured a bowl of pee into the upper funnel. The dripping into his mouth started instantly. His cock still pointed straight up, hard and aroused. Miss Downey gripped it with her hands and pulled and played with it. Her fingers rubbed over the slit causing him to flinch with pleasure.

Miss Downey commented, "Still aroused I see. That is good. Judging by the wetness of your wife's pussy, I would say that her pee will become a regular part of your diet." Miss Downey laughed condescendingly. Then her voice lowered to a whisper. "By the way, her pussy tasted delicious. She is a good treat. You two will both make great additions to my collection of toys."

Her words and the images that she conjured up in his mind caused his cock to twitch in her hands. The image of Miss Downey naked and licking his wife's pussy was a thrilling thought. Tom also felt a strange arousal at the way she referred to him as a toy. He was just part of her collection. It was another exciting thought.

"Let's speed things up a bit toy so we can get onto some other fun stuff," announced Miss Downey. She increased the flow of Julia's pee so that a steady stream of gold poured into Tom's mouth. When it was all consumed, Miss Downey leisurely broke down the contraption that held the funnels. She was in no hurry. It was just another day of fun and pleasure playing with her toys.

The mouth brace was also removed from Tom. He was glad to stretch his jaw. "Thank you Miss Downey," he whispered.

""Shhh...toys don't talk," reminded Miss Downey gently. "Toys remain still, silent, and compliant. You are here solely for my pleasure. A mindless object to play with anyway I want."

Tom remained quiet and still. The only thing he could not control was the throbbing and twitching of his hard cock. Miss Downey was exposing him to new pleasures and a deep submission that consumed his body.

Miss Downey slowly circled Tom for the second time of the night. She stared at his helpless body deciding how to play with it. It gave Tom another wonderful view of her nakedness. Her nipples were fully engorged. They were bigger than any nipples he had ever seen before. The more he stared at them the more he craved to lick and suck on them. Her pussy lips were swollen with arousal. They were more pronounced than what Tom remembered earlier. Tom craved to put his tongue between her wet crevice.

Miss Downey loosened the straps that were just above his knees. Then she moved down to his ankles. She turned a knob that was below the table and lifted a handle. As she raised the handle, Tom was surprised to see his right ankle raise up. He had assumed his ankles were strapped to the table but know he discovered they were secured to a telescoping pole on the side of the table. Miss Downey raised his leg up about two feet. She repeated the process on his left side and Tom was left lying on his back with both his legs raised up at his ankles.

Next she moved another lever and pushed the poles forward about 1 foot towards Tom's waist. This caused Tom's legs to bend and his knees to fall slightly outward. Miss Downey pushed the lever back again to lock the poles in place. Having his legs bent was much more comfortable but now he felt even more helpless and vulnerable with his ass pointed outward. To make matters worse Miss Downey unzipped a zipper that was conveniently sewn into the latex over his ass crack. Once unzipped, the crack of his ass was exposed.

One of her fingers lightly grazed his ass hole, causing him to gasp and flex his pucker hole. Miss Downey smiled devilishly and laughed. She knew that slight touch sent off a wave pleasure in her toy. She knew her laugh implied to her toy that she would be having fun with his ass. She moved away from his ass, letting her toy ponder the possibilities. She liked to tease her toys like this. She wanted their dirty perverted minds to dream up the many was that they could be used by her. Undoubtedly they always thought of extreme scenarios that made them nervous. This was the game the she like to play to weaken them and make them more obedient. The more she could plant dirty thoughts in their minds, the easier they were to accept her sinful desires. While Tom's mind reeled with thoughts of what might happen to his ass, Miss Downey's fingers found two hidden zipper over his nipples. She unzipped them, exposing his nipples. Her fingers roughly pinched and pulled them causing Tom to gasp and wince in pain.

"Quiet! Toys don't talk," demanded Miss Downey.

She pinched again. Tom winced but silently gasped inside his head. Miss Downey was pleased with his obedience. Her pussy pulsed with excitement at the control she had over her toy. She retrieved a chain which had nipple clips on each end. Carefully she clipped one clip to his right nipple. Tom winced again in quiet pain.

"Mmmm...suffer for me toy," said Miss Downey seductively.

She stared into his eyes as she applied a clip to his other nipple. Her pussy grew wetter at seeing the pain in his eyes, followed by a look of submissive arousal. Miss Downey climbed on top of the table and sat on Tom's stomach facing him. Then she grabbed the chain that was clipped to his nipples and pulled it in the center, causing his nipples to stretch. Tom winced at the pain. Miss Downey laughed and let go of the chain. She repeated this a few times, toying with his mind.

After a few minutes, she hopped off the table and retrieved a small black anal plug. Tom's ass tingled at the sight of it.

"I know you have seen one of these before," said Miss Downey mischievously. "Mistress Julia has told me that you just graduated to a medium size plug. That's good for you toy. It will make it much more pleasurable for you when I fuck your ass."

Miss Downey pushed two lubricated fingers into Tom's ass and started fingering him. With his ankles tied and his legs spread, all he could do was lay there and accept it. He was completely vulnerable and at her mercy. Miss Downey added more lubricant and continued to finger him. The slicker his ass became, the more pleasurable it felt. Mistress Downey spread her fingers inside his ass, stretching his sensitive insides. His insides were not meant to stretch like that but it created wonderful new sensations inside Tom. She twisted her fingers back and forth inside his ass causing his mind to shudder in electric pleasure.

"Mmm. I just love seeing my toys squirm as I finger them like dirty sluts. It's not supposed to be pleasurable for a boy is it? What would your friends say if you confessed that you like to be fucked in the ass?" Miss Downey laughed. She knew Tom was conflicted with all the emotions he was feeling. She continued toying with his mind. "Don't worry slave. Be happy that Mistress Julia opened your mind to a new pleasure. It's a pleasure that most boys are too afraid to experience for fear of being called gay, but once they do....they crave it forever.....just like you crave it right now. Isn't that right toy?" Tom moaned, "yes." Miss Downey was turning his insides into erotic lava. His cock was throbbing and oozing cum. With her free hand, Miss Downey scooped up the cum dripping from his cock. Then she pushed her slick finger into his mouth. "Suck it toy."

Tom obeyed.

"Good toy," complimented Miss Downey."Keep sucking." She started pushing her finger in and out of his mouth. Tom sucked and could not help but think that Miss Downey was imagining him sucking a cock.

Miss Downey lubricated the plug and it easily slid into Tom's ass. She attached a tube to the base of the plug and squeezed a black rubber bulb that was attached to the tube. Tom felt the plug expand in his ass. Miss Downey explained, "As you can see, this is a special plug. I like to call it a training plug."

She squeezed the bulb two more times and Tom felt the plug fill his ass. "It will train your ass to take my nice big strap-on."

Two more pumps and Tom gasped. Miss Downey ignored his distress and continued. "It will mold your ass into a perfect pussy for me. Soon you will my perfect fuck toy."

Miss Downey pumped the bulb three more times. The plug painfully stretched his ass causing him to moan and wiggle uncomfortably. Miss Downey let him suffer for several long seconds. Then she turned a small silver knob. Tom heard a hiss and he felt the plug deflate. She let enough air out to eliminate the pain but keep the discomfort.

"No pain, no gain," she giggled. Then she said, "You'll get used to it toy. Little-by-little your boy pussy will be stretched and molded until it's ready to be fucked."

Tom lay there taking in her words. His body was tingling, overcome with an abundance of emotions from the plug in his ass, the clips on his nipples, and the taste of pee and his cum and in his mouth Tom was already completely broken down and mindless but Miss Downey was not done with him yet. She declared, "I just need to add a few accessories to my toy and then your wife and I can play."

Miss Downey brought over a strange harness that had a large dildo attached to it. She placed it over his face. The dildo pointed straight up over his mouth. The harness fit comfortably over his nose and face. Miss Downey secured straps behind his head, holding the harness in place. She grasped the dildo and jerked it up and down causing Tom's head to move up and down. She did not say any words. She just laughed and moved down toward his real cock.

"My, my, my. This is so swollen and drippy. It must be ready to explode. We can't have that. Toy's don't cum. They merely exist for the female's pleasure. I'll have to take some measures to insure no accidents happen. Can't ruin our play time."

Miss Downey started rubbing a cream all over Tom's cock. The smooth cream felt incredible. He felt an orgasm rising. Tom tensed his body, holding back his orgasm. Then he heard the devilish laugh from Miss Downey. "Don't get too excited slave. It's not going to feel good for long."

Miss Downey stopped stroking. She retrieved two red condoms. "I like red," she said, "The color is playful and it makes your cock look like a dildo. That's really all it is now. It's just a dildo to be played with."

She rolled the first condom over his cock. Tom could barely feel the rubber sliding down his cock. Miss Downey pulled the second column over the first. Then she said, "Between the numbing cream and these two condoms, you should have no accidents." She flicked his hard cock and giggled, " a perfect dildo to play with. "

Miss Downey then brought over a black leather strap. She secured it around the base of Tom's cock. It was very tight. "I know you are super aroused right now toy, but this strap is just a pre-caution to ensure that my dildo stays nice and hard."

Miss Downey took a moment to savor the beautiful sight of him ties with his knees and legs spread, a dildo strapped over his face, and his cock dressed up like a dildo. Her fingers dipped into her wet pussy over and over again as she walked around him. She could not wait to play with him. She walked toward the door and announced, "I think now is a good time to bring in your Mistress wife for some fun!"

Chapter 5 Play time!

Julia followed Miss Downey into the room where Tom waited to be played with. Her body was tingling hot with arousal from hours of off and on foreplay with Miss Downey. Her pussy was dripping beneath the latex mini-skirt from all the teasing and from seeing her husband being completely controlled by Miss Downey.

Miss Downey had insisted that she wear the latex outfit. A latex bra with the cups cut out shined with the same wet glossy look as the skirt and showed off her perky breasts. It did not take Julia long to discover that Miss Downey took a special liking to her breasts. She also wore six inch black heels that matched Miss Downey's, heels. They were a gift from Miss Downey.

The girls stood on each side of Tom admiring his vulnerable situation. Miss Downey asked Julia, "Do you like my new toy?"

Julia ran her hand across Tom's latex suit and gripped his condom covered cock. "Yes...this looks like a fun toy."

Playfully Miss Downey said, "You've followed my directions well puppet. Your reward is that you get to play with my toy with me. You can help me break it in."

"Mmmm. That will be nice," cooed Julia. "Thank you Miss Downey."

Tom sunk deeper into subspace hearing the girls refer to him as a toy. It was odd that with his wife in the room, Miss Downey was still referring to him as her toy. Even stranger was that she was granting permission for his wife to play with him. With these thoughts bouncing around in his head, he suddenly remembered how he had gotten to Miss Downey's house. He remembered being in her car and he remembered her commenting on how he had been the price for Miss Downey teaching Julia how to control and dominate him. At the time he was confused by that statement but know he wondered whether he had literally been sold to Miss Downey. It was a silly thought but it made his heart beat rapidly with nervousness. What scared him even more was that deep down the idea of being sold like a piece of property aroused him. He did not understand these emotions but they pushed him deeper into submission.

While Tom was deep in thought, Miss Downey reached between his legs and gave the inflatable plug a few pumps. It expanded inside Tom's ass and he moaned and was brought back to reality as his ass muscles stretched. "His tight little pussy is almost ready for fucking," informed Miss Downey. "Let me adjust the toy a bit so you can get comfortable on the dildo."

Miss Downey moved the levers under the table and lowered Tom's ankles back down so that his legs were stretched out straight and resting flat on the table. Julia climbed on top of the table and slowly mounted Tom's cock. At the same time Miss Downey straddled Tom's face and lowered herself onto the dildo strapped to his face.

Julia slowly moved up and down Tom's cock while Miss Downey slowly fucked the dildo on the face harness. Tom could do nothing but lay there and let it happen. He enjoyed the view of Miss Downey's pussy lips spreading around the dildo and sliding up and down just inches from his mouth. It was vulgar and exciting. Her could see the dildo growing slicker and knew that it meant Miss Downey's arousal was increasing. The smell of her sex intoxicated him.

The fucking action going on with his cock was mind blowing. Miss Downey had ingrained into his mind that his cock was now a dildo, which made Tom feel even more like a toy. As Julia rode him, all he could feel was the tight pressure from her pussy and the weight of her body. The normal pleasure sensations associated with sex were blocked out by the two condoms and the numbing cream. Mentally he knew that he should be writhing with pleasure but physically it just was not happening. The only physical pleasure came from the plug in his ass that pressed in deeper each time Julia's pussy consumed his cock. It was a mind blowing and frustrating experience.

Miss Downey began to play with Julia tits. Soon both women were moaning and giggling while riding their toy. Little-by-little, the pace at which they fucked their toy increased. Tom lay still and let his body be assaulted by their gyrations. Julia was the first to orgasm but it seemed that her first orgasmic pulse fired off Miss Downey's orgasm. They both held hands and squeezed tight while the fiercely humped their toy, riding out their waves of pleasure. Tom was in complete ecstasy beneath the women. Although his cock was numb, his mind was alive with pleasure and he was enjoying the mind fuck. It was the best time of his life.

After the girls dismounted, they untied Tom and had him stand-up. Tom was thankful for the opportunity to stretch and move around. Julia took the opportunity to play with all the fun accessories that Miss Downey attached to her toy. She tugged on the chain that was attached to his nipples clips and pumped the plug in his ass. Similar to Miss Downey, Julia giggled and took pleasure in seeing Tom wince at the pain.

Julia grabbed the cock dildo on his face harness. "I really like this," she declared. "You're going to have to buy one of these for me slave." Then she pulled the dildo forcing Tom's head to follow her. Julia sat on a chair in the corner of the room. She pulled down on the dildo and ordered, "kneel!"

The order was not necessary. Tom had no choice but to follow the downward force and kneel before her. With her hand still firmly grasped on the dildo she jerked it back and forth rapidly causing Tom's head to jerk in the same fashion. Julia laughed at his helplessness. "This is fun," she giggled. Then she spread her legs and pushed the dildo into her pussy. Her hand was grasping the base of the cock which allowed her to still hold it while pushing the t top few inched into her pussy. She jerked it back and forth fucking her pussy. The sight of Tom's head jerking between her legs was amusing to both Miss Downey and Julia.

After a few minutes of laughter, Julia released the cock and ordered Tom to fuck her with it. Tom bobbed his head back and forth, pushing the cock deep into his wife's pussy. Once again he was thrilled to get an up close view of the dildo penetrating a wet hot pussy. Not satisfied with his rhythm, Julia placed her hand on the back of his head and pushed forward, forcing the dildo in even deeper. She moaned with delight and started humping the dildo.

"Ohh...this is incredible," she moaned. Julia enjoyed the power of forcing her husband to fuck her with his face. She spent several minutes humping his face while Miss Downey looked on and played with her own pussy. Julia enjoyed the ride for several long minutes and then finally pushed Tom's head away.

Miss Downey was quick to grab the cock harness. She pulled it up, forcing Tom to his feet. "My turn to play," she said.

She removed the harness from his head. Julia helped her remove the latex suit and mask from Tom, leaving him naked except for the strap around the base of his cock and the condoms. Then Tom was made to bend over and hold the end of the table that he had been lying on previously.

Miss Downey jiggled the plug in his ass. He was thankful that she did not inflate it any further. His ass felt like it was about to burst. "I think my sex doll is ready," exclaimed Miss Downey.

While Tom waited anxiously, Miss Downey and Julia slipped on strap-ons. Then Miss Downey walked towards Tom with the strap-on bouncing confidently while Julia sauntered over amused at her new member. Miss Downey released the air from the butt plug and Tom felt the fullness in his ass quickly retreat until the plug fell out. Then a cold tube was inserted. Miss Downey squeezed it and a quick rush of cold lubrication filled his hot ass. Tom gasped at the unexpected rush. The cool wetness sent erotic shivers through his body.

Tom was barely recovering from the erotic shivers when the tube was removed and Miss Downey thrust her strap-on into his waiting ass. There was no warning. It was sudden, fast, and hard. Her dildo was big and filled him completely. Tom let out a startling moan. His mind went blank for a second. The strap-on did not retreat. It remained deep inside him for several seconds.

"Feel my cock inside you toy," demanded Miss Downey.

Complying with her command was not an option. Tom already felt the thick appendage inside his sensitive ass. The purpose of her words were to humiliate him, weaken him , and establish her power of him. Her words were very effective.

After several seconds, but what seemed much longer to Tom, Miss Downey withdrew her strap-on. Just as quickly as it withdrew, it pushed back into his ass. This time there was no pause, there were no words. Miss Downey fucked his ass with jackhammer speed. The sudden fucking startled Tom. He expected a little foreplay and a slow build up. Miss Downey would have none of that. She fucked his ass fast and hard right from the start. It didn't seem right that his ass could take such a pounding without pain. Tom was grateful for the many uncomfortable hours with the inflatable plug. He was finally reaping the rewards.

Miss Downey declared, "You are a great fuck toy! I just love pegging your pussy. I am fucking you like a sex doll and there is nothing that you can do about it."

Her words penetrated his mind. Her strap-on penetrated deep inside him, reaching intimate areas that his wife never even reached. Tom could not think straight. The fast pace sent his mind into overdrive. Each thrust stripped away his ego and pushed him deeper into subspace. He surrendered completely to Miss Downey.

"Keep his cock hard," ordered Miss Downey to Mistress Julia.

Mistress Julia slipped the condoms off and stroked his semi-hard cock. It only took a few strokes before it was standing at full attention. Pleasure coursed through Tom's body.

Eventually Miss Downey gave Mistress Julia a turn at his ass. Julia's strap-on was slightly smaller and she was gentler. The cock slowly entered him. She giggled and said, "MMmm this is fun." She fucked him with a slow steady pace. The dildo was rubber, but Tom could tell that it felt real to Julia. She moaned in erotic pleasure.

It did not take long for the power trip to set in. Her pace quickened and her words became vulgar, "Yes..I'm fucking you like a slut.....Take my cock you little whore!"

The words were uncharacteristic of Julia but Tom loved it. He was being emasculated and used and he loved it. Everything about the night was exciting and fun. He did not understand what he loved or why he was so aroused but he wanted more. He wanted to be used like a tool. He wanted to be humiliated and made to do perverted things. He did not want it to stop and he knew that he would want this again and again in the future. Things would not be the same anymore.

The experience for Julia was heavenly. She was surprised at how quickly the orgasm came. It rocked her body in unimaginable ways. The more she fucked Tom, the more pleasure she felt. When her orgasm hit, her body went into slow motion. She grabbed the sides of his ass and humped him with long deep thrusts. With each thrust she moaned in ecstasy. Tom could feel her body shuddering.

"Oh fuck," she exclaimed. "This is so hot."

Julia savored the orgasmic pleasure that swept through her body. Her fucking slowed and she pushed deep inside her slave. Breathless she leaned over Tom with her strap-on still inside him and her tits pressing against his back. Between breaths she whispered, "I hope you liked that slave. I'm going to want to fuck you like this on a regular basis.

"Yes Mistress," replied Tom. "I am so horny right now. I don't want this to stop."

"I know slave. You are such a slut."

Miss Downey gently pulled Julia away from Tom and had her strip off her top and strap-on. Tom was made to kneel in front of them. He watched as they kissed and tongued each other. He enjoyed the sight of tits rubbing together and pussies grinding. Both Miss Downey and his wife were sexually charged and moaning, caressing, and grabbing each other.

Tom was ordered to stroke his cock while he watched. The girls sat in a large chair in the corner of the room. Julia sat between Miss Downey's legs. Miss Downey's hands reached around and played with Julia's tits. Julia moaned and tilted her head up toward Miss Downey's face. Her open mouth was met with a hungry tongue.

Then Miss Downey whispered in Julia's ear, "Obey me puppet. It's time for me to pull your strings. Tell your slave to stand before you."

Julia ordered Tom before her. Although she had an orgasm just moments ago, her pussy remained hot and aroused from the soft erotic kisses of her puppet master. Her mind was scattered. One minute she was on an erotic high from the control and power of fucking her husband. Now she reached another erotic high from feeling the control and power of Miss Downey.

Another whisper in her ear and Julia spread her legs wide displaying her shaved and swollen pussy. More whispering and she ordered Tom to stroke his cock and stare at her pussy. The scene continued in the same fashion. Every whisper from Miss Downey was immediately followed by an order from Julia. "Stare at my pussy.....worship my pussy with your strokes.....this is how you worship your Goddess......don't stop stroking!"

Tom obeyed. He stroked and stared at his wife's pussy. He stared and saw Miss Downey's fingers slip into Julia's drenched pussy. His eyes watched her wet fingers tease Julia's nipples.

"Keep your eyes on my pussy," demanded Julia. "Worship it!"

Tom could barely contain his arousal. He desperately wanted to orgasm. He slowed his stroking to try and delay his orgasm. Mistress Julia ordered him to not slow down. Tom begged, "Please Mistress. Can I cum? I can't last much longer."

Miss Downey whispered and Julia shouted, "No! Stop stroking!"

Tom stopped. His cock twitched. He tensed his body and concentrated on calming down. He was barely calmed down when Julia ordered him to stroke slowly. Tom knew the orders were originating from Miss Downey. It was exciting to see the dynamic of his wife being mentored by Miss Downey.

"Worship my pussy slave," demanded Julia. "Do you want to cum on my pussy?"

"Yes, Please Mistress!"

"Stroke faster..."

"Please may I cum!"

"You are going to cum when I tell you slave. You are going to cum all over my pussy and then you are going to lick it off my pussy. You are going to lick all of your cum off my pussy slave, understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Tell me...Tell me what you are going to do."

"I am going to cum all over your pussy and then lick it up."

"Good slave. I am going to count you down."

Julia started the countdown. "10 -- 9 -- 8 -- 7 -- ." The lower she counted the more Tom wanted to cum He was reaching the point of no return.

"6 -- 5 -- 4 -- 3." As the number got lower Tom prayed that this was not a joke and not a tease. He desperately hoped that he would not be denied at the last second. He didn't think he could hold back.

"2 -- 1 --cum!" Tom's prayers were answered. His cum shot out simultaneously with the word 'cum'. Hot cum spurted onto Julia's pussy. Tom aimed as best he could to get the cum on her pussy.

"Yes. Slave," exclaimed Julia. "Give me all of your cum! Give it to me! Right on my pussy!" As soon as the last spurt ended Julia ordered, "Get on your knees and lick it up slave!"

Tom instantly dropped to his knees and lapped at the gooey mess on his wife's pussy. Julia pushed his head into her pussy. "Lick it slave. Lick up your nasty cum. Clean my pussy! Lick up all your sperm. You are a dirty pervert. "

The humiliating words made Tom lick harder and inspired him to obey her even more. He felt dirty and perverted and he swam in the humiliation. His tongue lapped over her hot lips and down her crevice, licking up the cream. He did not like the taste but he licked it up out of obedience and the desire to please his Mistress.

Tom was certain that all his cum was cleaned off Mistress Julia but she kept ordering him to lick and clean her pussy. "That's it slave. Keep licking. Clean out my pussy. Lick it up slave. Good boy!"

Tom's tongue grew tired but he kept licking out of obedience. Finally with the force of a hard punch, Mistress Julia pushed away Tom's head. As his body leaned backwards, she quickly pushed him back even harder with her foot. She laughed as he fell on his back. "Enough," she declared.

Tom lay on his back beneath Mistress Julia and Miss Downey. Mistress Julia placed her foot on his limp cock and pressed down. It was not enough to cause him pain but enough to get his attention. She felt powerful and on control. "I think you had enough for tonight slave."

"Yes Mistress," agreed Tom meekly. He was impressed and humbled the power and confidence of Julia.

Miss Downey lightly nudged Mistress Julia signaling her to get up. Miss Downey stood up and arrogantly looked down at Tom. Then she smile and said to Julia, "He's not a bad toy. You did a good job training him for me. He still needs some work, but this toy is definitely a keeper."

"Thank you Miss Downey," replied Julia with pride. "It will be my pleasure to continue training him to be your perfect fuck toy."

"Excellent. Now it's time for me to have a little fun with you puppet. You two have made my pussy burning hot." Miss Downey took Julia's hand and led her toward the door. Before she left she turned back to Tom and said, "Make yourself comfy on the bondage table. Mistress Julia and I are going to be awhile."

Tom crawled on top of the table exhausted. The floor around him was littered with used toys. To the left were strap-ons, to the right was the face harness, and in the corner the inflatable plug lay motionless. They were all exciting reminders of the strange and kinky night that changed his life forever. He was happy and thrilled at how the night turned out. He drifted to sleep, quiet and motionless just like all the other used toys.

The End

Feedback welcome. 