CFNM College
byJreforma©

James was an incoming freshman to Bellvere College, a well-reputed but very secretive college situated right in the middle of a mountain range. The college's owner was known to be a multi-billionaire who handpicked a small number of students every year for entrance into the school. Not much information could be found about it, but it was known for being a school where nobody ever left after starting, until their graduation. Many of its graduates had gone on to become well-known businessmen, government officials, and researchers all over the world. This was considered doubly amazing because the students that were picked for entry were often not very well off financially, but the school was rumored to have an excellent training system that set them off onto a good start right after.

James had been surprised to receive the letter telling him that he had been offered a slot, but he was glad for the opportunity. The letter had instructed him to be at the city hall by 1000 on Saturday, but he had been there and waiting excitedly since 0915. A few minutes before 1000, his old friend Sarah, whom he had not seen for over 7 years, showed up. To his surprise, he found out that she was also going to be attending Bellvere College as a freshman. However, she had been brought to the college two weeks in advance, and now she had been assigned to escort him to the school since she had known him before.

"What's the school like?" James asked Sarah, recalling how his efforts to find out about it had been very unfruitful.

Sarah's eyes sparkled, "Oh, you may find it a little strange at first, but you'll quickly learn to love it there! You know how they say that the students who start school there never want to leave until graduation? That's because it's really amazing!"

"That's good to know," James said, "how many students are there?"

"There are just 10 of us in our year," Sarah explained, "9 of us girls have already met, and you're the last student of our batch. Most of the other years have even fewer students, actually."

"Wait, you mean I'm the only guy in the class?"

"Yup, but don't worry," Sarah smiled, "they're all great people and I'm sure you'll get along very nicely with all of them." With a smirk she added, "And they're all very pretty."

James grinned, "All of them? Is that some kind of requirement to get into Bellvere?"

Sarah laughed, "In a way, maybe. You'll understand when we get there. For now, trust me that you'll love it there. Oh, the car is waiting, we should get in!"

They entered the car, and Sarah introduced the driver as Miss Courtney, who was also working at the college as the principal's secretary and doubled as a nurse when it was needed. From his first look at her, James could tell she was a very pretty woman, tall and slim, with a nice smile. He greeted her and sat down with Sarah, whom he reflected, had also blossomed very nicely into a young woman. The last time he had seen her seven years ago, she had been a cute girl, but now, her body had certainly developed. She was of medium height, but her figure was great, and her breasts were just the right size, large enough to get his attention, but not overly large that they were disproportionate to her build.

He was awoken out of his daydreams by Sarah's voice. "It should take about an hour and a half to get to Bellvere. Until then, Miss Courtney and I can tell you more about the teachers and the class schedule."

"We have classes from Monday to Friday, from 0900-1100 and from 1300-1600. In general, the upperclassmen tell us that the academics are fairly light. There are also extracurricular activities and clubs in the evenings and on weekends, so you may join whatever you want. I'm thinking of joining the dance troupe, we practice on Wednesday evenings."

The rest of the ride passed quickly as they discussed the school, and they soon got to Bellvere.

Miss Courtney parked the car, and the trio went to the principal's office, where they would complete the enrollment process.

"Hello, James!" The principal stood up and smiled as he entered the office. "I'm Principal Melissa, and welcome to Bellvere!"

"Thank you, Ma'am," James smiled back, "I'm looking forward to it as well, Sarah and Miss Courtney have told me that this is a great place to be."

"I certainly am sure you will enjoy your stay here, James," the principal acknowledged, "Now, get your enrollment processed and then I can get you to meet your classmates and your form teacher. Each year level has one form teacher specifically assigned to look after them, and we do our best to attend to each and every student."

James nodded his thanks and followed Miss Courtney to her office. Sarah followed too.

James filled up some forms about his biodata while Miss Courtney prepared his class schedule and other papers.

Finally Miss Courtney, holding a stethoscope, ushered him into a back room for a medical exam and asked him to remove his clothes. James took off his shirt and Miss Courtney began listening to his chest. Pronouncing his breathing to be OK, she then asked him to remove his pants and underwear.

"Uh...what?" James asked, certain he had heard wrong.

"Take off your pants and underwear," Miss Courtney said, "part of the exam is to check your genitals."

James thought it was unnecessary but slowly lowered his pants, then his underwear, all the while covering his private parts with one hand.

Miss Courtney knelt in front of him and looked up at him. "You're going to have to remove your hand, I need to check your penis."

She gently pried his hand off, and James was in shock at the close proximity. Miss Courtney grasped his testicles, then his penis, measuring its length and girth and writing it down on the biodata sheet. She continued to touch him in that area, and eventually the inevitable reaction occurred. The shock had worn off somewhat for James, and having a beautiful nurse touching his dick was causing blood to flow towards it.

"Uh...Miss Courtney...I..." James stammered.

Miss Courtney was perfectly aware of it. "No need to be ashamed, James. I'm a nurse and I know how boys react to being touched there." She smiled demurely. "But it would have been needed anyway, since I also have to measure your penis at full erection."

Hearing that caused James' erection to strengthen, although he was getting embarrassed. "This is a strange exam," James said, "do you really need to do this for new students?"

"Yes," Miss Courtney answered, "we've done this for every student coming in. Even the female students are examined for their breast sizes. Also, we do these regularly throughout the year to check how you are developing."

James' mind had fixated on the mention of female breasts, and his erection was now at full mast as Miss Courtney took the new measurements and wrote them down. Her soft fingers brushed and touched his penis, sending shivers down his spine.

Suddenly Principal Melissa and Sarah entered, and James hurriedly attempted to cover his dick, which wasn't easy as Miss Courtney was still holding it!

"Hey!" James exclaimed.

Principal Melissa put a hand up, "James, it's time for you to learn the most important rule in this school. That rule is that ladies can do whatever they want to you boys. Yes, that means we can see you naked whenever we want. As long as you are in this school, you must obey us. If we order you to strip for us, you will do it unless we cancel our order. Now, I order you to remove your hand from your penis."

"But..." James was speechless.

"All males in this school must follow the rule. Even our male teacher follows this rule. If the girl students tell him to take his clothes off, he immediately complies. Now, I know you are new and it will be awkward for you, but you will quickly learn to enjoy it."

"But Sarah can see me!" James tried to argue with anything he could think of, but it was hard to think while Miss Courtney was gently rubbing his penis. Wait...rubbing? When had that started? He pulled away, but there was no hiding his arousal now.

Miss Courtney answered in a patient voice, "I have asked Sarah to help me as she is studying to become a nurse one day, so this is good experience for her." She tried to pull James' hands away but he was too strong.

Principal Melissa stepped closer and gently but firmly pulled his hands away, exposing his erection. She held his hands behind him in a powerful grip, and James only belatedly realized that she actually had a very strong grip. "Miss Courtney, you may complete the exam," she said in a steely voice.

Miss Courtney looked at Sarah, "I would like Sarah to assist me for this last step. We have to make James ejaculate so we can get a sperm sample for DNA records."

James just stared in shock, uncomprehending.

Miss Courtney knelt down in front of him and began stroking his penis, not the gentle rubbing from earlier, but full-length strokes meant to arouse and stimulate him. Sarah was smiling happily as she watched him squirm in pleasure.

"Please stop..." James begged, but the girls were merciless.

"Now, James," Principal Melissa said, "this is weird for you right now, but let Miss Courtney and Sarah finish you off, and you will feel much better afterwards." She then clamped a hand firmly around his mouth to muffle his protests.

Miss Courtney then guided Sarah's hand toward James dick, and guided her to stroke it.

James acutely felt the hand of his cute friend...no, his beautiful and sexy friend, as she moved it up and down his length. It was impossibly soft and incredibly gentle, yet the feelings threatening to explode inside him felt so strong! His embarrassment could not prevent the physical stimulation from exciting him, and he was no longer trying to protest the wonderful feelings.

Principal Melissa removed her hand from his mouth, "See, it feels good, doesn't it?" She laughed happily as Miss Courtney and Sarah giggled in response. "I told you not to worry, and to let us do our...job." Her emphasis on the last word left no doubt that it had been an intentional word choice.

In just a few minutes, James could feel the impending explosion, and his breathing became more ragged. Miss Courtney was ever-alert and quickly warned Sarah, "He's about to cum! Remember to keep stroking until it's all out!"

Sarah obediently continued to move her hand rapidly up and down James' shaft until he began squirting loads out to the cheers of Miss Courtney and Principal Melissa. She then proceeded to slow her pace down until he was completely drained.

Sarah looked half overjoyed and half shy about what she had just done to James, and looked at him uncertainly.

"So, James, did that feel good?" Principal Melissa asked, "You know, we will continue to do this to you all throughout your stay here. But there are lots of girls to meet, so they will all want you at some point!"

James was still in bliss and unable to process the information normally. All he could do was nod that it felt good.

"You should say thank you to Sarah," Miss Courtney said, "I only taught her about handjobs and boys last week, and told her that she would get to try it hands-on for the first time on you today. And I think she did an amazing job on you!"

James' embarrassment was fading, and he did believe this school might actually be great if he got handjobs from ladies as pretty as these three. "Thank you, Sarah!" He said with a genuine smile.

"I'm glad you liked it, James," she replied. "Now, I think we should introduce you to your form teacher and your classmates."


CFNM College Ch. 02
byJreforma©

Principal Melissa took James and Sarah back to her office, where a petite teacher stood waiting. She smiled lustfully at seeing James naked, and reflexively, James moved to cover his penis.

"How is he?" She asked Principal Melissa.

The principal chuckled. "He enjoyed it very much. And I believe Sarah deserves a lot of credit for stimulating him very wonderfully."

Principal Melissa turned to James and noticed him covering his penis. "James!" She exclaimed, "You don't need to hide anything. This is your form teacher, Miss Elizabeth. She will show you to your room and you can meet your classmates."

Miss Elizabeth grinned at him. "Still shy, I see. No worries, that will change soon enough. Did you like having Sarah stroking you?"

Her blatant language made James uncomfortable, but he decided to put up a determined front. "Yes, it felt very good. It's even more amazing since Miss Courtney said this was her first time." He smiled at Sarah.

Miss Elizabeth came closer. "That's good to know." She stopped right in front of him and quirked an eyebrow. "Now, I'd like to inspect your penis for myself."

Despite his misgivings, James took his hands apart. Miss Elizabeth promptly hefted his shaft in her hand.

"It's pretty long, for a flaccid penis," she observed clinically, then turned to Sarah with a wide grin. "It must have been really huge awhile ago."

Sarah blushed and nodded her assent. "Very."

"Well, I'm sure the class will absolutely love him...and his dick." Miss Elizabeth said. "Now, Sarah, let's show James to his room."

They helped James put his clothes back on, then brought him to an adjacent building which housed the freshman dormitories. Upon entering the room marked "Freshman A", James was surprised to see two pretty girls already seated on one of the two king-sized beds in the room.

"Girls, this is James, your new roommate." Miss Elizabeth said, her eyes sparkling, knowing that James had probably not expected to have girls as roommates. "James, meet Charlotte and Diane, who along with Sarah, are going to be your roommates. Now, I'll just leave you here to get to know each other." She closed the door behind her.

"Hi James, I'm Diane," said the shorter of the two girls, "your things are already in the closet here," she gestured to a large wooden closet, one of four identical ones in the room. She turned to Sarah, "So how did the medical exam go?"

"Explosively!" Sarah answered, and all three girls laughed in glee.

James' face turned red for a second, and Charlotte teased him further, "Still embarrassed about it, I see! Don't worry though, you'll get used to it. So anyway, you already know that you're required to follow any instructions from us girls, right?"

James nodded in silence.

"Then our first order to you is that you must remain naked while staying in this room! Take your clothes off now!" Charlotte crowed.

"What? Again?" James protested, though his body was already liking the idea of being naked around these three pretty girls.

Sarah quickly pushed him down onto the bed, and Diane and Charlotte wasted no time in removing his clothes. After all, he didn't genuinely struggle to stop them.

As he lay before them naked, all three of them cuddled close to him, touching him and stimulating him despite the fact that he had just cum a few minutes ago!

"So, James," Sarah spoke, "you get to sleep in the same bed as one of us every night. We were thinking of alternating among the three of us. Does that sound good to you?"

"Definitely!" James answered happily, and the girls giggled in reply.

James looked at Charlotte, who despite small breasts was actually very cute, then at Diane, who had huge boobs that he wished he could touch. In comparison, Sarah's breasts were somewhere in the middle.

Unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately?), Diane caught him staring. "Looking at something?" she asked with a knowing smirk.

"Uh...no..." James hurriedly looked away, trying to deny it, but Sarah and Charlotte had caught on.

"You like Diane's breasts, don't you?" Charlotte grinned at him. "Admit it, I know boys like big boobs."

"What? I wasn't..." James tried to protest.

"No sense denying it, James," Sarah sing-songed, "your dick is telling us we're right!"

True enough, his penis had slightly risen again.

"Well," Diane demurred, "too bad you don't like them...I would have let you touch them." She leered.

James suddenly got the urge to admit he liked them, and as he debated with himself, the girls could clearly see his hesitation.

"Just admit it already," Sarah said laughingly, "you'll have much more fun that way."

"OK! OK!" James gave in. "I do like your breasts, Diane."

The girls cheered.

"See, that wasn't so difficult, was it?" Charlotte said. "You'll see that if you just give in to your desires and let us take care of you, you'll enjoy your stay here at Bellvere much, much more."

"Now, for your reward," Diane said, leaning in with a huge grin on her face.

James couldn't take his eyes off her breasts as she took his hands and guided them right to where he was staring. In wonder, he began to slowly fondle Diane's breasts.

As if in response, Sarah and Charlotte started massaging his rapidly-rising penis once again.

"Do you like them?" Diane asked, almost rhetorically.

"Very much," James answered, "and I'm glad I'm going to be living here with the three of you."

"Would you like to touch Sarah's and Charlotte's breasts too?" Diane asked with a seductive smile.

"Yes!" James replied instantly, just as Charlotte mock-protested.

"Hey, I never gave that offer!"

"Come on," Diane pressed, "if he gets to touch my breasts, you should let him touch yours too. Especially since you two are the ones playing with his dick."

"Well, I'm sure he likes yours much better," Charlotte demurred. "He's probably happy playing with your huge boobs. Mine aren't anywhere near yours." That last sentence was tinged with wistfulness.

"I'd like to touch yours, too," James interjected. "Even if your breasts are smaller, they look just right for you."

Charlotte leaned forward with a smile. "Oh, you charmer," she muttered, "fine, you can touch me."

James eagerly moved one of his hands to Charlotte's breasts. While not as ample as Diane's, they still felt amazing to him.

After a few more minutes of fondling and stroking, Charlotte reminded James, "Wouldn't you want to touch Sarah too?"

James looked expectantly at his old friend, who smiled back and silently leaned her body closer.

"You kind of have your hands full right now," Sarah said with a grin. "So I'll just..."

Without finishing the sentence, Sarah pressed her breasts against James' body, allowing him to feel the contours of her breasts. She wriggled against him periodically, adjusting her position so that he would be constantly aware of the closeness.

"Would you three take your clothes off?" James asked, breathing heavily in the continual stimulation.

"No can do, James," Sarah answered. "We make the rules here, and since this school teaches us girls to take control, we're taught that we should keep our clothes on while you're naked. But if you're a good boy to us...who knows?" She grinned up at him. "Maybe one of these days you'll get a pleasant surprise."

James' previous ideas of hot girls had, more often than not, consisted of them being naked. Having them remain clothed was a foreign concept to him. But as the girls alternated pumping his penis with their amazingly smooth hands, and as he alternately groped their wonderfully shaped breasts, he realized just how pleasurable it was. The girls personally witnessed it as James began moaning in pleasure and came for the second time that morning, to their cheers.

As they cuddled him in his post-orgasmic ecstasy, James reflected on how, in one morning, he had just been received handjobs from some very pretty girls, and had gotten to touch several pairs of great breasts. Indeed, it was looking to be a great start to the year.


CFNM College Ch. 03
byJreforma©

The first week of class was about to end, and James had already lost count of how many times he had cum for the ladies of Bellvere College. Most of them were with his three fantastic roommates Sarah, Diane, and Charlotte, although others had been with during classes with the respective teachers and the rest of the freshman girls, Jennifer, Wendy, Rose, Hannah, Natalie, and Regina.

All throughout the week, the girls had hinted promisingly at the first biology class he would experience at the end of the first week. Apparently, it was a well-known fact that it was unforgettable for any boy at Bellvere. All throughout the week, whichever roommate was sleeping with him had taken to waking him up in the morning by inducing some "morning wood", then gradually working to "relieve" the pressure caused. So it was a disappointment, when, on Friday morning, Diane woke him up with the customary groping of his cock, but didn't follow through with stroking him.

"Uh...aren't you going to make me cum?" James asked her. After a week in Bellvere, he had completely embraced the CFNM culture, and absolutely enjoyed having the girls play with him whenever they wanted.

"We have the first biology class of the year this morning, James," Diane answered with a twinkle in her eye. "We were told that we shouldn't jerk you off yet this morning, because there's something special lined up for you in class."

"Oh, OK," James said, still partially disappointed at not having gotten a handjob right away. He slipped out of bed, still sporting his erection, much to the amusement of the girls.

"I wish we could do him anyway before class," Charlotte commented, "I've really been enjoying living with him."

"Yeah, especially since he's usually ready to go right away after just a few minutes!" Sarah laughed. "I wonder what the difference would be if we let him cum now before heading to class."

"I wonder too," Diane said, "but we don't know, the teachers must have a good idea about telling us not to wank him this morning. I guess we'll see when we get to class."

After breakfast in the school canteen, they headed to class together with the rest of the freshman girls, and found their biology teacher Miss Annabelle waiting.

"Alright, now that we're all complete, it's time to have our first biology class of the year." She began. "I'm sure you've all heard from the higher-year students that it's a class that you will never forget, and there's a good reason for that. James, please stand up here in front of us."

Miss Annabelle then proceeded to take off his clothes and asked the girls to gather their chairs around. She then proceeded to discuss all about the male reproductive system, explaining what parts were best to touch for stimulating, and what not to do to avoid hurting the male. As the girls giggled in amusement, James' cock began its inevitable rise, which continued all the way until it was pointing straight forward. And he hadn't even been stroked yet!

The incredibly sexy Hannah spoke up. "Miss Annabelle, can we have some hands-on experience with James?"

The girls fervently nodded their agreement amidst laughter.

Miss Annabelle smiled back, "Oh, you will get some experience, and not just with James. It's time for your surprise, let's all go to the gymnasium."

The girls happily brought the naked James with them to the gymnasium, where the rest of the college had apparently already gathered.

The three other boys (one each from the sophomore, junior, and senior levels) were already in the center, completely naked and erect.

The freshman girls were excited to see four naked boys in front of them. They drank in the sight hungrily as Miss Annabelle stepped up to address everyone.

"Well, the higher year students already know how this goes, but I'll explain to the freshmen. First, we're going to blindfold our four boys, then each of you freshmen will get a chance to stroke each boy for 10 seconds. The boys will then be asked to choose which hand they liked best among the nine that they felt. No repetitions are allowed, but the four lucky girls will be tasked to finish the boy off."

The crowd cheered as the youngest batch of girls grinned at each other. In no time at all, blindfolds were affixed on the four boys, and Miss Annabelle arranged the girls around the boys and assigned the order in which they would go around.

"Alright girls, ready, set, GO!" Miss Annabelle announced, and as the gymnasium of girls cheered, James felt a warm hand grip his dick and begin stroking gently, up and down, up and down. Ten seconds was over pretty quickly, and the next girl took over. Then another, and another, until all nine had finished.

"Now boys, you may choose which one you liked best. Let's begin with our freshman James!"

Quite honestly, James couldn't differentiate most of the hands anyway, they had all felt amazing. But he did recall one particular hand that had been exceptionally stimulating as it had wrapped itself all around his penis and brushed lightly against his tip whenever the hand stroked in that direction. That had been the second to the last one, so he mentioned that to Miss Annabelle.

The girls cheered at his choice, and his blindfold was removed to reveal Wendy standing in front of him with a wide grin on her face.

Miss Annabelle then asked the sophomore, whose name was Adam, to choose his favorite hand. His choice turned out to be Charlotte. The junior Francis actually selected Wendy, but finding out that she had already been selected, ended up choosing Rose. The senior Ken also selected the hand that had been Wendy's, but as James had already selected that, he had to go with his second choice, which turned out to be Regina.

The freshman girls were all catcalling at Wendy, who had been the first choice for three out of the four boys. "Wendy must have some special handjob skills!" One voice called out, making her blush in happiness. "We should ask her to tutor us later on." Another voice chimed in.

"Alright, girls, quiet down first," Miss Annabelle said, "And now, the four lucky girls need to finish the boys off! Now our rule is, once 2 boys have already cum, the 2 girls who got them to cum will each help in making the last 2 boys cum. And once a third boy has cum, all four girls will work together on the last boy! So boys, try to last as long as you can!"

The crowd cheered wildly as the girls promptly got started stroking their respective cocks. Knowing that if they got their boy to cum first, they would get a chance at another cock, and possibly a third, was a huge motivator. Similarly, the boys struggled to hold in their feelings of arousal, wanting to experience having four girls working on them simultaneously.

It was a contest of hand and lust versus dick and control, and obviously, hand and lust were going to win every time. Wendy was a tall beauty, who, while not having particularly large breasts, was one of his prettiest classmates (which was high praise, given that all of them were pretty), and as he was discovering, had a delightful way of stroking. As much as James wanted to last longer, he couldn't help the sensations as Wendy continued doing the handjob strokes which she had done earlier, and in a few minutes, he was spurting to everyone's cheers.

"Aaaand James has cum! Congratulations to Wendy!" Miss Annabelle announced.

James was disappointed at not having lasted longer, and Wendy could see his disappointment. She cuddled close to him, speaking in a low voice.

"James, don't feel sad. Those three have been here a lot longer than you, so they've had more practice at holding on."

James felt better upon realizing that. He then added cheekily, "Besides, they didn't have you stroking them."

Wendy flushed red but laughed. "Well, I'm glad you liked my style."

James was about to answer but suddenly the crowd erupted in cheers once again. He and Wendy turned to see Adam blowing his load for Charlotte.

"Alright! Good job Charlotte and Adam!" Miss Annabelle said. "Now, Wendy will join Regina in playing with Ken, while Charlotte joins Rose in jerking Francis off! Keep going girls!"

Both pairs of girls ended up doing double handjobs on their respective boys, pumping up and down in sync. In just a short while, Francis began moaning, and everyone squealed as he shot a massive spurt of cum over a meter away, to the amazement of Charlotte and Rose.

"And now, everyone is going to focus on our final survivor, Ken!" Miss Annabelle exclaimed. "Charlotte and Rose, good job on Francis, now it's time to get your third cock of the day!"

Wendy and Regina took turns with Charlotte and Rose in giving Ken the double handjob, and in about another two minutes, Ken's penis suddenly tensed up, getting really to burst. Wendy and Regina were stroking him at that moment, and upon feeling the tension, squealed in anticipation. Regina was right in front of the penis, and the next instant, Ken's cum sprayed out right onto her face, causing her to drop the penis in shock. Luckily, Wendy kept stroking, completely draining Ken's balls until the last drop had been squeezed out.

"I'm so sorry!" Regina sputtered, "I stopped stroking you when the cum hit my face, I was so surprised!"

Ken, his eyes still closed in ecstasy, waved a hand in dismissal. "That's OK for now, you made up for it with fantastic stroking. And Wendy continued stroking all throughout anyway. But in the future, you should be prepared for a boy's cum." He advised.

Regina nodded contritely, but her next sentence was as bold as it could be. "I hope I can make it up to you someday, and make you feel even better." She grinned lustfully.

Ken looked at the young freshman, already liking her. "I think that's a great idea." He smirked back.

"And that's the fourth cumshot of the morning!" Miss Annabelle cheered. "But girls, we're just getting started!"

The freshmen looked around in confusion. Were there more boys to play with? But each year level of Bellvere only kept one boy. Miss Annabelle gestured to James and Adam, whose dicks were, amazingly, rising up again.

"Whoa!" Diane exclaimed in a loud voice. "Are they all that energetic?"

She turned to Sarah and whispered, "I mean, I know we've done James twice in half an hour, but that wasn't even ten minutes!"

Miss Annabelle explained. "You see, we put in a little special surprise in the boys' drinks this morning. We actually do this every year, so this is only a surprise to the freshmen. That special surprise allows them to recharge a lot faster!"

The freshman girls stared in amazement as Francis and Ken began erecting again to the cheers of their classmates.

"Now, the five freshmen girls who haven't been part of the action yet will do the same thing! Each of you will get 10 seconds to stroke each boy, and they will select who will finish them!" Miss Annabelle called for the remaining girls.

Sarah, Diane, Jennifer, Hannah, and Natalie lined up. Suddenly Diane frowned. "Wait a minute, there are five of us and only four of them, doesn't that mean one of us won't get to have fun?"

Miss Annabelle grinned, "Oh no, whoever isn't chosen will still have a special surprise waiting for her!" The rest of the girls cheered.

The selection started with Ken this time. As it turned out, he selected Jennifer. Francis selected Diane, and Adam selected Sarah. That left either Hannah or Natalie for James, but he couldn't differentiate which hand could have possibly belonged to either. He chose randomly, and it turned out to be Natalie.

Again, the stroke-fest began. Natalie had huge breasts that captivated James' eyes, and he stared blatantly as she kept stroking, bringing him closer and closer to climax. Part of him struggled not to lose control, thinking of the possibility of having two, or even all four girls working on him. But he couldn't ignore the pressure building up inside of him, and once again, he was the first of the four boys to shoot his load to the girls' cheers. Within a few minutes, Adam and Francis finished nearly simultaneously as well, and so Ken again had four girls servicing him before he lost control in a double handjob being administered by Jennifer and Sarah.

"Good job, girls!" Miss Annabelle happily announced. "Now, it's time for our final event of this morning. As Hannah is the only freshman who hasn't gotten to make a guy cum yet, she's going to get that chance now. Hannah, please join James in the center."

She sashayed into the center, eagerly grinning at James' cock all the while. James could feel himself hardening - yet again!

"Now, we have selected one random representative for the other year levels." Miss Annabelle continued. "We will have Kimberly for the sophomores, Alice for the juniors, and Janet for the seniors!" The crowd cheered for their classmates.

"So earlier, it was a little biased for those who have been here for many years, as they have had more practice at...holding on." Miss Annabelle said, to the laughter of the girls. "But this time, each boy will be paired up with his own classmate, meaning that he will be with someone who has had as much practice as he has! And now that the girls aren't all our new sweet freshmen, we'll see how long the boys last! Ready...set...go!"

Hannah wasted no time in stroking James gently, instead going straight to fast-paced pumping. She had been observing how Wendy stroked James earlier, and was imitating the technique as best as she could. A couple of seconds in, however, she glanced at her competitors and was shocked to see that none of them were using their hands to wank their boys!

The busty sophomore Kim actually had stuck Adam's dick in between her boobs and was moving up and down! Junior Alice was giving Francis a blowjob! And the senior Janet, who was rumored to have the largest breasts on campus, had also enfolded Ken's penis in her tits and was kneading it gently, making him shiver in delight!

Hannah was astounded at this, as she had never actually done anything beyond touching James with her hand. But her competitive spirit was awoken, and she quickly moved closer and stuck James' cock in between her boobs. She may not have been as developed as Kim or Janet, but her breasts were ample enough to give his dick something round and large to slide against.

James was in heaven as his penis began to move back and forth against Hannah's boobs. There was absolutely no way he would last very long in this...unless one of the others was even more stimulating!

Hannah briefly considered using her mouth, but couldn't bring herself to do it. It was too foreign an idea to stick that penis, wonderful as it looked, into her mouth. And so she focused on rocking back and forth as quickly as possible, hoping to get James to cum quickly.

But to James' elation, he was no longer the first to cum this time. It was Alice who had first felt Francis' dick throbbing, and she quickly pumped a hand in the air to signify that she was winning. The crowd went wild as Francis emptied himself into her mouth, and she swallowed every last drop of it.

Shortly after, Ken gave a load moan and squirted his load right into Janet's face. She kept rubbing her breasts against him, all the way until the last few squirts of lower power dribbled out onto her blouse.

And then as Alice went over to help Kim, Janet arrived beside Hannah, who reluctantly let go of the penis, as she knew Janet would probably be a lot better at stimulating it than she was. To her surprise, Janet motioned her back, and Hannah didn't miss a beat as she continued rubbing her boobs against James' cock. Janet instead contributed by sucking on the head, which was slightly visible despite most of the shaft being engulfed by Hannah's tits. And in what seemed like no time at all, James released his third load of the morning, partly into Janet's mouth and face, and partly onto those wonderful breasts that Hannah had been working him with.

Hannah and Janet dashed over to Adam and it didn't even take half a minute more before he too expended his seed to the audience's wild cheers.

"And that concludes this morning's activities, ladies and gentlemen," Miss Annabelle announced. "I'm sure you've all had a great time, and you can trust that we will have many more enjoyable activities all throughout the year. As an additional bonus for today, classes for this afternoon are called off...mainly to let the boys relax...although of course, if you girls have other plans, you know what you can do."

This was met with wild laughter from the girls, and Miss Annabelle added, "But please do understand that they must be really tired after three straight rounds this morning. Do take good care of them, and don't overwork these gentlemen. Now, their roommates may bring them back."

Sarah, Diane, and Charlotte quickly approached James with wide grins.

"Oh, James," Sarah gushed, "that was all so unbelievable! You just got handjobs from Wendy and Natalie, and then you got a breast-job from Hannah, and you got a blowjob from a senior!"

Diane and Charlotte giggled their assent.

"I think we're going to have to practice some new techniques starting today, right girls?" Diane asked lasciviously.

Sarah and Charlotte nodded vigorously in agreement, and James' three pretty roommates walked him back to their room, with smiles of anticipation on their faces.


CFNM College Ch. 04
byJreforma©

On Saturday afternoon, James decided to go for a swim at the school pool. Sarah and Charlotte were off with some of the other freshman girls, but Diane had volunteered to join him. As they walked to the pool, James was already imagining her in a bikini, wondering how her breasts would look in it, whether they would bounce as she walked around.

They arrived at the pool, at the entrance of which Miss Elizabeth was stationed as attendant. "Hello, James, Diane," she called out with a smile, "here for a swim?"

"Yes, Miss Elizabeth," they chorused.

She pointed them to a small building beside the pool. "Well, every student has an assigned locker there with their swimwear. There are a few changing rooms for the girls, so you, Diane, can get changed there. James, your locker is there with everyone else's, but the changing rooms are only for the girls, so you'll have to change in the locker area."

"Uh...but other people can just pass by there!" James complained. "Can't I just change inside one of the rooms that is vacant?"

"No, you can't," Miss Elizabeth crossed her arms. "Anyway, you're a boy and can change quickly. Besides, I think all the girls have already seen what you have after last Friday." She said it in such a deadpan manner that despite Diane's giggling, James did not want to argue anymore. He started to trudge over to the locker area.

Diane walked beside him. "It's OK, James," she said with a cheeky grin, "Besides, I bet you'll like the view of some of the hot girls once we get in the pool."

James had to smile back at that. "Can't deny I've been waiting for it."

As they entered the locker room, James looked out of the corner of his eye. No girls seemed to be passing by. Also, Diane had just retrieved a red one-piece suit from her locker. Bummer, it wasn't a bikini. She entered one of the changing rooms and locked the door behind her.

James checked his locker and pulled out a white pair of swimming trunks. He paused and thought to himself. Surely I can get changed quickly enough inside one of the changing rooms. But just as he was about to enter the nearest one, a voice suddenly called out.

"What do you think you're doing?" James turned, heart dropping, to see a tall figure in the doorway, outlined by the sunlight. It wasn't Miss Elizabeth, but he doubted that would make it any easier on him.

"I just thought...it was vacant." James explained. "I would just be really fast."

The girl stepped in and James got a better look at her. She had a proud air about her, and was actually pretty, despite the fact that she looked threatening. "Miss Elizabeth told me to check up on you. Turns out it was a good thing I did. You're supposed to be changing out here."

James hung his head silently.

"Now get changed here, quickly," the girl urged. "I'd like to get back into the pool already."

Now that she mentioned it, James noticed the droplets of water still clinging to her, and seeing her wet, shapely body in that green one-piece swimsuit was beginning to excite his penis. "Um...can you just turn around while I change?" He tried it anyway, but knew the answer was going to be a no.

"What? Of course not!" The girl exclaimed. "I had to interrupt my swim to babysit you, I may as well find a way to enjoy myself. Now hurry up and take your clothes off."

James hesitantly took his clothes off, attempting to cover his penis when he removed his underwear.

"No covering that up," the girl said in a quiet but authoritative voice.

James removed his hand, revealing his penis already beginning to rise.

"Well, if that's for me, at least you're flattering," the girl smirked as he quickly put the swim trunks on. The girl, having seen him change, walked back out, and James heard a splash as she presumably dove into the pool.

There was a sound of a door unlocking and Diane emerged. She took a look at him and smirked, "We haven't even gotten into the thick of all the girls and you're already excited?"

He looked down and noticed that the trunks were thin, and his slight bulge was clearly visible. He hesitantly explained how the girl - he realized he didn't even know her name - had made him change there.

"Tsk," Diane muttered. "That's why you should have just listened to Miss Elizabeth in the first place."

"Well, actually there would have been no difference," James argued, "the girl would still have seen me naked when she walked in to check on me."

"But she might have just taken one look to see that you were following rules, and once she saw it, she may have just gone back." Diane explained. "Maybe that way you wouldn't have had time to get aroused from looking at her." She grinned.

"Maybe." James conceded, and as they walked out, he made sure to walk behind Diane so others wouldn't notice his current state.

As they slipped into the pool, Diane quietly turned to him and said, "Don't think I didn't notice how you walked behind me." She giggled. "You owe me for shielding you from view."

James attempted to relax in the pool, hoping the cool water would also cool his arousal off. But as he and Diane walked around, Diane constantly pointed out the girls' bodies.

"I bet you'd like her breasts," she would say, discreetly pointing her eyes at a lone senior in a blue swimsuit who was floating face-up in the water, and whose breasts clearly bulged above the waterline.

James tried to distract himself from her teasing, and diverted Diane's attention by pointing out the girl who had watched him change in the locker area.

"Green swimsuit..." Diane thought aloud, "so she's a junior. If I remember correctly, her name is Patricia." James filed that away for future reference.

"Want to go nearer to her?" Diane smiled teasingly at him. "Maybe you want a closer look than what you got in the locker area?"

Unsurprisingly, his erection wasn't going down. Still, he let Diane half-drag him over to Patricia. "Hi, Patricia, I'm Diane, James' roommate."

Patricia smiled back at her. "Ah yes, I'm sure you must be enjoying your first week here so far." She turned to James and assumed a stricter demeanor. "Did you tell her how you tried to break the rules earlier?"

Diane giggled. "Yes, he confessed to me earlier."

"Well," Patricia continued in a low voice, "I actually told Miss Elizabeth that you followed the rules on your own. So I hope you've learned your lesson, please don't try to bypass the rules no matter what you think, OK?"

"Oh, thank you for not getting me into more trouble," James nodded fervently. "I'll do my best to follow the school rules."

"That's alright," Patricia said, nicely for someone who looked so stern, "I guess you're still adjusting to how it goes here. But be warned that most girls here are a lot more strict, and they wouldn't hesitate to report you." She grinned lasciviously. "Mainly because Miss Elizabeth would probably reward them by letting them play with you."

James grinned at that. "Hm. Maybe it would be nice to break the rules sometimes..."

Diane laughed heartily as Patricia replied with a smile. "Well, that's up to you. But to be honest, you'll have enough chances with pretty much all the girls here, so no sense rushing things. Just take your time and enjoy." She pointed at the far end of the pool, where there were 4 girls, two in red and two in yellow. "Why don't you get to know the two sophomores, for starters?"

James and Diane made to begin walking through the water, but Patricia added, "It's probably faster to get out of the water here and go along the side." Nodding their assent, they lifted themselves out of the water and walked over. As they drew near, James could make out Natalie and Regina as the two in red.

"Hi, Natalie, Regina," Diane made the first greetings as she slipped into the pool. James was about to follow, but his two classmates were staring at his crotch with smiles. He looked down to see that his white trunks had essentially become transparent due to the water! The girls could see the outline of his penis clearly, and this thought suddenly excited him further.

A short but loud ripping sound was heard, and the two sophomores cheered as his cock actually tore through the trunks and rose to full mast! As James panicked and covered up, a strong pair of arms grabbed him from behind and pushed him into the two sophomores, who squealed as they caught him. He had extended his arms reflexively as if to break the fall, so the girls who caught him promptly turned him over, exposing his cock for all to see, and holding his arms away to keep him from covering himself.

"You see, James," Patricia said - it had been her who pushed him into the water, apparently she had quietly followed them over, "your trunks are actually made of a material that gets much weaker when wet. While you're in the water, your erection didn't break through since there's some water weighing down on it as well. But once we got you aroused when you were out of the water..." She dissolved into laughs, which were echoed by the other girls.

Diane was the only one who seemed surprised by all of it. "Why didn't I know this would happen?" She asked between fits of laughter.

"Oh, this happens to every new boy," one of the sophomores said. "Janice here just told Natalie and Regina about it a few minutes ago, once we saw James coming into the pool area. I'm Camilla, by the way."

"Nice to meet you, Camilla, Janice," Diane said, "I'm Diane." She glanced at James, who was being held up by the girls, and whose cock was pointing almost vertically up. She couldn't resist a giggle, which proved contagious to the rest.

"So..." Patricia broke the laughter with a lustful grin at James, "I think it's time to let the first years experience the most fun part of swimming here at Bellvere." She slipped into the water and ripped off the rest of James' trunks, then grasped his cock in her hand.

She gave it a few long, sensuous strokes up and down, and James shuddered in delight. She then moved to take Camilla's place, and Camilla's hand did its work. She changed places with Janice, who did the same, eliciting a sigh of pleasure of James. And so it went on, to Natalie, Regina, then Diane.

A new voice spoke, "May I cut in?" It was the senior with large boobs that Diane had pointed out to James earlier. Now that she was right beside him, James realized that it was none other than Janet, who had teamed up with Hannah just yesterday to make him blow his load. The memory was undoubtedly arousing, and as she took his dick in hand and stroked like the others, it felt incredibly good.

He lost all track of who was holding him afloat and who was doing the stroking (they seemed to be taking turns), until he felt the familiar pressure approaching. He opened his eyes to see Patricia furiously jacking him off.

"He's cumming!" She announced as she felt his twitching. The first shot flew high up to the cheers of the girls, and the succeeding ones grew progressively weaker as James' orgasm faded.

"Wow," was all he could say at the experience. The girls finally let him go, and each girl hugged him one by one, thanking him for the show. They returned to the changing rooms - James changed in the locker area, with no further protests - and happily walked him and Diane back to their dorm room.


CFNM College Ch. 05
byJreforma©

James awoke on Sunday to a rising erection, courtesy of Charlotte's gentle hands. He opened his eyes to see her smiling face as she groped him. Charlotte took his pajamas off and promptly put his dick in her mouth. James nearly jumped in shock as the warmness engulfed him.

"Uh...wow..." James stammered as Charlotte moved her head up and down his shaft.

"She's just putting Friday's demonstration to good use," Diane said from across the room, giggling at his reaction.

"So..." James looked at her slyly, "does that mean I'll also get the chance to have your breasts doing the same?"

"Maybe," Diane grinned. "Be a good boy and we'll see about it when it's my turn to play with you in a minute."

"Oh, so I'm getting both of you this morning?" James said hopefully, then gasped as Charlotte licked the tip of his dick.

Diane laughed at his pleasure. "Sarah, I, and Charlotte agreed to take turns on you throughout Monday to Saturday. But we've decided that Sundays will be a pleasant surprise for you, so just hold on...if you can, anyway." She grinned.

"Mmmm..." James nodded wordlessly as Charlotte's tongue flickered over the tip.

The bathroom door opened and Sarah emerged, fully clothed, to James' mild disappointment (he still fantasized about seeing the perfect body that lay underneath her clothes). She took one look at Charlotte's head bobbing up and down, another at James' sweaty body, and said with a grin, "Well, obviously, this is going to be a new favorite pastime."

James struggled to articulate his reply, "Uh...breasts would be nice too..." His words died off as he arched his back.

Sarah and Diane took their places beside James.

"Mmmm..." he moaned in pleasure as Diane's breasts pushed in his face. One of Sarah's breasts landed in his hand and he squeezed gently.

He was just barely conscious until Charlotte swapped places with Diane. Diane's pace was even faster than Charlotte's, and James knew he would struggle to hold on. Charlotte's breasts landed in his face, and he reveled in the softness.

It felt like an eternity, but was in all likelihood just a few more minutes of silent action, until he said Diane's name aloud to warn of what was...coming.

Diane, to her credit, continued going up and down even as James unloaded into her mouth. She successfully resisted her reflex at the strange taste, and milked him well. Charlotte and Sarah cheered at the excellent blowjob, seeing James' spent penis flop back down into its regular size.

"So how did we do?" Diane asked with a grin, sidling up beside him on the bed.

"Do you even have to ask?" Sarah interjected in a mock-stern voice. "The look on his face should be enough of an answer."

Diane stuck her tongue out at her. "You're just jealous you didn't get your turn."

Sarah chuckled. "Yeah, James needs more practice to last longer."

The girls giggled as James just smiled at Diane and hugged her with the little energy he had left.

"Well," Diane said, "time to go get your shower, James."

He made a sound that was half-pleasure and half-exhaustion, but rolled himself out of bed to take his shower.

****************************************************************************************************

That afternoon, they visited the library. Greeting them was Miss Sharon, the library attendant.

"Hello first years," Miss Sharon smiled when she saw them enter. "I believe this is your first time here? I can show you around."

They assented, and Miss Sharon began showing them the different parts of the vast library. "So here is where most of the academic textbooks are, if you ever need them for class, this is where you can find them."

She led them to another large area shaped in several concentric circles, with slight openings between them. "This is the fiction area, we cover a lot of different books here for you to read for fun."

Another section of the library held comic collections, another had nonfiction books, and some smaller sections were dedicated to works in other languages. The students looked around in awe of all the things collected by Bellvere.

"Well, that's the basics of it," Miss Sharon grinned. "It's pretty overwhelming at first, I'm sure, but you can always ask me for help if you have trouble looking for something. Anyway, enjoy exploring!"

The foursome nodded their thanks, and promptly split up to look at different sections of the library. James went to look at the comic books.

He went through a few interesting ones that he had heard of before, then arrived at a comic with a shapely woman on the cover. Leafing through it quickly, it appeared to be the story of a female spy who used her feminine wiles to get information out of opposing agents. James took a quick look around, and seeing nobody, started to read it in earnest.

The female lead was pretty, in that comic character-ideal sort of way. She was employed by the country of Syldavia, a small country with nearly no military power, but with an excellent espionage network. She was working undercover against a foreign government official from the country of Bangalia, a military superpower. She had befriended and seduced the official, and had gotten him into his bedroom.

James started to get excited, both mentally and physically, as the unwary man took off his clothes in anticipation of a striptease from the hot lady. Instead, she promptly handcuffed him to his own bed, and revealed who she was. The horror on the man's face at being caught was incongruous, next to his erect member. But James could understand the latter reaction, he himself was already hard from staring at the woman's hot outfit and spicy attitude.

The woman proceeded to demand certain information, and the unwilling man underwent some very tantalizing teasing as she gave him a raging erection and then promptly refused to touch it further until he gave up the information, bit by bit.

"Hi James!" A voice suddenly sounded beside him, and he spluttered and dropped the book in panic.

"What are you reading here?" It was Miss Sharon, who bent down and picked up the comic book before he could react.

She took one look at the page, and looked at him with a quirked eyebrow and a smile.

"Um...I just got that there." James muttered, and Miss Sharon laughed.

"Oh, James, no need to be ashamed about it, after all, I do know that these are right here." She smiled and stepped close to him. "I also know what kind of reaction boys get from seeing this." She gently brushed a hand against his erection, then steered James towards a nearby closed room he hadn't noticed.

Unable to react at all, James mindlessly followed. Miss Sharon led him inside the room and closed the door behind her. James was suddenly aware that the librarian was actually very attractive.

Miss Sharon sat down on a large, comfortable chair, and pulled James onto her lap. She opened the comic back to the same page, and grasped James' dick through his pants.

"So, you like how the story is going, do you?" She grinned, starting to massage him lightly. "Do you imagine what it would be like to have another girl do this to you? Maybe you were imagining one of your roommates while reading this?" She smirked.

"Um...no, Miss Sharon," James tried to deny it.

"Oh, you can't fool me, James," Miss Sharon crooned, "your penis is a very good lie-detector test when it comes to this, you know. I felt it twitch when I mentioned your roommates."

She paused, waiting for James to admit who he had been thinking of.

"No?" she asked after no reply seemed forthcoming. "Maybe I should tease it out of you, the same way the spy is doing so in the comic." She grinned evilly.

James' dick twitched, to Miss Sharon's glee. "Oh! I think you like the idea!" She was nearly cackling with glee. She took off James' pants and underwear in one quick pull. James' erect penis was pointing out.

She wrapped her hand around it. "So, who is it?" she grinned as she began stroking him slowly. "Charlotte is certainly cute."

She got no reaction from that, so she went on, "Sarah perhaps? I know you've met her before coming to Bellvere, maybe you like how much she's grown up?"

James knew Miss Sharon was going to mention Diane next, and shut his eyes as he tried to prevent any further reaction. "Oh, it must be Diane then," Miss Sharon went on, "I bet you like her breasts, they're very large, like those of the woman in the comics." And to Miss Sharon's utter delight, James' penis shuddered lightly.

"Now I know for sure that you were thinking of Diane!" Miss Sharon concluded. "So, I'm sure you've already had fun with each other this first week." She flipped the page to reveal the female spy licking the man's dick with his tongue. "Have you gotten a blowjob from her too?"

James was in too much pleasure to think of replying, but Miss Sharon suddenly stopped stroking him. She looked at him with a smirk, "You have to answer my questions."

James gave in instantly, "Yes, I already got one from her this morning."

Miss Sharon giggled, and flipped the page. It showed the spy sticking the man's cock in her cleavage, and rubbing her breasts around it, although her bodysuit actually prevented the man from seeing the breasts themselves. "Did you try tittyfucking yet?"

"No, I haven't", James answered in resignation.

"Do you want to tittyfuck Diane?" Miss Sharon pressed. James didn't want to answer, but Miss Sharon gave him a few more strokes, pressing him to the edge of orgasm, then suddenly stopped. He groaned in frustration as Miss Sharon giggled. "Come on, all you have to do is admit it."

James attempted to hold out. "They're all hot," he mumbled.

"That wasn't my question," Miss Sharon sing-songed. After a while, she again stroked him to the edge and then stopped. James again gave a non-committal answer, and Miss Sharon promptly repeated it. Clearly, she knew how to tell the signs of being on the edge, and she used it very effectively on James.

"Ok, ok!" James exclaimed, after getting so close for the third time and not getting his desired release. "Yes, I'd like to, she's really pretty and her breasts are nice. Just please, let me cum already!"

"That's my boy," Miss Sharon smiled at him and resumed stroking slowly. She flipped the page to reveal the man finally giving up all his secrets to the hot spy. "Now, read up what she says, James," Miss Sharon instructed.

"'Now that you've spilled your secrets, there's just one last thing I need to get you to spill!'" James read the words of the spy as Miss Sharon increased the pace of her stroking.

Miss Sharon again flipped the page to reveal the man making a large explosion, to the delight of the female spy. And similarly, James unloaded his sperm in a huge shot and a loud grunt, the result of having been denied thrice in a row. Miss Sharon cuddled the boy as he lay drained. "Well, James, I'm sure you like how the comic ended, hm?"

"Yes, Miss Sharon," he answered obediently.

After a few minutes of cleaning the mess up, there was a knock on the door. "Come in," Miss Sharon said, to James' consternation, as he was still naked.

The door opened and Diane, Sarah, and Charlotte walked in with cheers, leaving James no doubt that they knew what happened.

Miss Sharon grinned at James, "You see, there's a camera in this room. Once I saw you reading that comic, I told your girls what I was going to do, and let them watch it via camera."

A mortified James covered his face.

"But there is the added benefit that Diane now knows what you want from her next time," Miss Sharon grinned. "Right, Diane?"

Diane bounced over happily and hugged James. "Definitely, we're gonna do that very soon." She grinned.

James finally spoke up. "Just not the parts where you don't let me finish, please."

Miss Sharon and the girls all laughed. "Oh, don't worry, James," Miss Sharon said, "the only reason I had to do that was to get you to admit what you wanted to do with Diane. I'm sure they'll be nicer with you." The girls nodded their assent.

"Now," Miss Sharon continued, "off with you. I have to close the library now. And don't forget to return that comic book, James." She added the last sentence with a grin.
