CFNM: The College Saga Pt. 01
byThat_CFNM_Guy©

"Mom!" Chris Matherson shouted, with obvious happiness lacing his voice. The reason for this glee was the envelope the 18 year old medical aspirant was holding in his hand. He had been accepted into CFNM (College for Neuro Medicine), as the best neuro medical institute in the country was popularly known.

"What is it, honey?" Eline Matherson asked her son. When she saw the envelope, she immediately realised that all the hard work her son had put in had finally paid off. She had always been proud of Chris, never more so than this very moment.

Chris wasn't the jock or the cool kid. He was a geek, and took pride in the fact. He was very clear about his goals, and worked persistently to achieve them. This, however, meant he wasn't exactly a big hit in the dating world. Chris was often awkward with girls, and could barely speak to most of them, let alone ask them out on dates. His mom and Christina, a girl he had known since he was 2, were practically the only women he felt completely comfortable around.

Mom and son were entwined in a huge bear hug. Tears were forming in Eline's eyes as she saw the pride on her son's face. Her son had a slight body,around 6 feet in height. With an average build and blonde hair, he did look quite attractive. She just hoped he would be more exposed to the opposite sex in college. The lack of his dating life hadn't been much of a concern for her, but she believed college had to be about holistic development and dating and sex were a huge part of him becoming an independent man.

From the things she had heard about CFNM, she was very certain Chris would become very very well acquainted with girls. But not more than they would be with him.

The envelope contained every possible detail about the college, very specific instructions to the students and seemed to take rules very seriously. There had been multiple stories about students being expelled because they refused to follow the rules. All these students happened to be boys, which Chris thought must be a mere coincidence.

One of the main reasons Chris had for choosing CFNM was it's nominal fees. In fact, the students had to bear only the expense of food and travel. The college was apparently funded by a very rich and very powerful society, who made sure that the college was run according to the strict policies they believed in.

The prospectus was very enlightening, and Chris smiled as he went through it. The first few pages contained a description of the college, and letter from the director and introductions of prominent faculty members.

The college believes in maintaining diversity within the student faculty, and due to this, 50% of the seats are reserved for female students. The remaining 50% seats are general seats, and can be allotted to both male as well as female students, at the discretion of the college authorities.

This disturbed Chris a little. There was an obvious leaning towards female candidates and he did not believe in discrimination. He went ahead with the prospectus. The next few pages described the various policies of the college.

    The college is privately funded and as such, follows strictly the policies instituted by the beneficiary society. All students and faculty members are required to adhere to these policies in the fullest sense, else face action from the authorities.



    The program is fully residential and the students are expected to live full time on campus. The college provides the necessary lodging facilities for students. Facilities for male and female students are separate.



    No male, either student, parent or faculty member, is allowed to enter the female facilities at any time for any reason. Such trespassing will result in the immediate expulsion of the student or faculty.



    Every student is required to participate in a sports activity of his or her choice. The Society believes that sports is a very important factor in the holistic development of students. If a student does not choose a sport, one will be allotted to him or her, at the discretion of the college.



    Every student must go through a complete and thorough physical examination twice every year. The first physical will be held shortly after the beginning of the first term. No student is exempt from any part of the exam. Doctors and nurses authorised by the Society will conduct the Physicals and issue the certificate to the student. Admission will be considered final only on the receipt of this certificate.



Chris was in panic by now. He had never been very good at sports. He had devoted himself to books, and for good reason. He had tried out soccer once, but he soon gave up, not only because he wasn't very good, but also because the boys were expected to shower after training. The idea of a group shower scared Chris.

His father had passed away when he was 6, and since then only his mother had brought him up. She had given him absolute privacy since he turned 9, and that resulted in him developing an exaggerated sense of modesty. He rarely wandered out of his room even without a T-shirt. But now he would have to select a sport, and actively participate in it. A minor price to pay for getting into one of the best private colleges in the country, he finally decided.

The doorbell rang. Chris had just finished reading the prospectus, and he had fallen in love with his future college. The hostel buildings were very modern, at least from the outside. The swimming pool was Olympic size. There had been a photograph of 4 lifeguards, 2 male and 2 female, standing besides the pool. The photograph only showed them to their waists. The male lifeguards were bare chested while the females wore a yellow one piece, with the word CFNM decorated just above their left breasts. Chris looked forward to seeing these angels in person.

The gymnasium was also very elaborate, and consisted of modern equipment. There were courts for tennis, basketball, soccer as well as volleyball. The various pics showed the students enjoying themselves while playing these sports. But why the guys played soccer and tennis bare chested was beyond Chris. The photos didn't go below the waist, but he assumed the guys wore shorts and track pants. The female students wore a dark blue suit with CFNM written on it. The sports seemed to be unisex, as the photos showed the guys and girls playing together.

"Chris, It's Chrissy!" Eline's voice came from the living room.

Chris immediately jumped out of bed and checked himself quickly in the mirror. Christina, popularly known as Chrissy, was Chris' lifelong friend. They had known each other forever and understood each other like no one else. They were practically inseparable, and their common desire to get into CFNM only drew them closer. But that is where the similarities ended.

Where Chris was an out and out geek, Christina was one of the most popular girls in school. She had all the makings of a head cheerleader. Blonde hair, beautiful eyes and as a result of being a tennis player, legs to die for. To top it off, she had an extremely pleasing personality, and no one could really hate her. Always surrounded by a bevy of people, she was asked out by boys on a daily basis. Yet, the moment she saw Chris, she ditched them all and spent time with him.

Chris had often wondered about their relationship. That a girl like Chrissy would never fall for a guy like him was clear to him. He was more than satisfied with the friendship they had. To him, she was his best friend. And he was sure that the feeling was mutual. They could lie on the couch for hours with heads buried in each others' shoulders talking away all their troubles. He felt very protective of her. He had once strongly disapproved of the football captain Chrissy was dating. Chrissy dumped him the next date. You owe me a prom date, Chris Matheson! Was all she had said. Chris had obliged, and had taken her to prom in style. The smile on her lips was all the reward he needed.

When Chris entered the living room, he saw an envelope in her hand, similar to the one he had received this morning. He immediately understood that his best friend had been accepted into the school of their dreams. He bounded over to her and scooped her up in a tight bear hug. With her soft breasts pressing against his chest, he felt a slight swelling in his crotch. Chrissy too was excited. She gave him a quick peck on his lips, which took Chris aback for a moment. He just put it down to excitement, and put her down.

Sitting on the couch, he wished he had worn more than just shorts and a shirt. He didn't wear underwear while sleeping in the summers, and there was now a noticeable bulge in his shorts. He hoped desperately that Chrissy didn't notice. She was wearing a pair of shirt shorts and a crop top. In the summer wear, she looked nothing short of a model.

"So it seems we'll be together for at least 4 more years!" Chris said with a huge grin. He crossed his legs as discreetly as he could.

"You're stuck with me for life, Chris Matheson!" Chrissy replied, looking at him with fondness.

Eline came back from the kitchen with juice and cookies.

"I must say congratulations to both you guys. You have done me proud, and I'm sure your parents feel the same, darling. Oh shit!" The shout had come because Eline had stubbed her toe on the table, and spilled juice all over her son's clothes.

"Chris, take off that shirt immediately. That's gonna stain, but maybe I can get it in the washer quickly enough."

Chris took off the shirt, and only then realised that Christina was sitting right there. He was stuck. His mother immediately took the shirt and rushed to the washing machine.

"I'll go get a fresh shirt..." Chris said with a slight blush on his face.

"It's really not necessary, you know. It's warm as hell out here, and you might feel better without the shirt." came the reply from Christina. In all their years of friendship, she had rarely seen him without a shirt on, let alone naked. She took the opportunity to admire his body. He wasn't ripped or sport six pack abs. But he was lean, without too much fat. He looked cute. Then she noticed the bulge in Chris' shorts. She was surprised.

"Aren't you wearing underwear, honey?" she couldn't help giggling. She had slept with only guy, for all her popularity, and she was a fan of the male anatomy.

Chris looked down, and a look of shock came over his face. Without saying a word, he rushed to his room to wear a pair of undies, and then decide how to explain the situation. There was a knock on the door, and Chrissy entered without waiting much.

"There's no need to be embarrassed, Chris." He was still in the shorts and bare chested. "I know how the male body works and how...umm...erections are mostly involuntary."

The blush in Chris' face had now turned an alarming shade of maroon.

Chrissy continued, "I really see no reason for you to be shy. After all, we are both going to CFNM. I am gonna see much more of you before the term is out."

Chris looked at her with a puzzled expression.

"Didn't you read the prospectus?" Chrissy asked, sensing that Chris was not getting her.

"I did. It's right there." Chris pointed to his bed. His boner had subsided. He needed the blood in his brain to comprehend what Christina was saying. HE was completely in the dark.

Christina went to the bed and opened the prospectus. First a look of surprise, then laughter.

"What is it?" Chris asked, growing impatient by the second.

"They must have sent different copies to boys and girls. Oh boy Chris...aren't you in for a surprise!" Chrissy laughed, as she went across the room to give a hug to her topless friend and long time crush.


CFNM: The College Saga Pt. 02
byThat_CFNM_Guy©

Chris sat there with a horrified expression as he went through the prospectus CFNM had sent Christina. His mouth was half open, and he couldn't believe the things he was reading and seeing. His dream college was very quickly turning into an absolute nightmare.

"I thought you knew about this." Chrissy said in a concerned tone. "This college is very famous for the way it treats its male and female students. There are some who claim it is disgusting, while others hail it as progressive."

"But...But...what the hell!"

"The students in CFNM have a different name for the college."

"And what may that be?"

"Clothed Female, Naked Male!"

Chris felt his head spin. He had not signed up for this.

"This is supposed to be the best college in the damn country." he said, with anger.

"But it is. They have the best faculty. They have the best students. Their infrastructure is much beyond anything any other college has. This college is the best any student wishing to study Neuro Medicine can hope to get."

"This is a joke, right? Please tell me it's a joke!"

Chrissy barely suppressed her smile. Chris was barely containing the urge to run away right then and there. The prospectus lay open in front of him. It was the page advertising the beautiful swimming pool the college was so proud of. The 4 lifeguards stood in front of the pool with wide smiles on their faces, inviting the students to enjoy the facility. But where the photograph had ended at their waists in the prospectus sent to him, the prospectus sent to Chrissy contained a full photograph of the 4 lifeguards and the pool.

The 2 men, one blonde and the other with jet black hair stood stark naked, holding each others' hands in a show of brotherhood. On either side of them stood the pretty female lifeguards in the yellow one piece swimsuit with the DSH logo on their chest. The female lifeguards had their hands around each of the men's waists. Their hands rested merely inches away from the penises. The penises themselves were semi-hard.

Chris still couldn't believe what he was seeing. Why were these two men naked, and why were they so goddamn happy about it! He looked up at Chrissy for an explaination.

"Ok, lets see." Chrissy began. She wasn't even certain that the boys were allowed to see this prospectus. She hadn't given it much thought. "CFNM, as a college, believes that women are better than men. The society which funds and runs the college believes the same. In fact, it's a society run entirely by women, and top to bottom. Men simply aren't allowed. They believe that women are more efficient and more trustworthy as compared to their male counterparts."

"But why are these two guys nude...?"

"Well, the society also believes that men are much more aggressive as compared to women. This is a result of them believing themselves to be superior. So the Society makes it a point to show men that they are in no way superior to women and are, in some ways, inferior. So they limit men's rights to privacy. Being naked and exposed to women, while the women themselves remain dressed at all times, shows them that they have nothing to hide."

"So men swim naked?"

"Stark naked. I have friends at CFNM. I've heard stories. The men not only swim naked, they shower naked in the swimming complex too. Under public showerheads. Basically, men are not allowed to wear a shred of clothing inside the complex. One of my friends was actually telling me that a boy even coming to deliver a notice was made to strip before entering the complex."

"Made to strip?"

"Right in the hallway. In front of anyone who happened to be passing by. One he was completely naked, only then he was allowed to enter and give his message. This guy was in third year, and he was delivering a message to First years, standing nude in front of the entire class of girls and boys!"

Chris felt sick. This cannot be happening to me!

"What else?"

"Look Chris, lets just say that privacy is the least priority at CFNM. Well, male privacy. Female privacy is apparently taken very very seriously, to the point that even a first year girl can get a male faculty member in trouble just by saying that he invaded her privacy. But you don't need to worry about that now, love. You have gotten into the best college in the country. This is a small price."

"So...you might see me naked?"

"Most probably, I'll see you naked within a week. Definitely in the first month. Multiple times. Like I'll see all of my classmates. Maybe not all my female classmates. But definitely all my male classmates. And seniors. And perhaps even faculty members. I hear they don't have much privacy either."

"And you like this????" Chris practically shouted.

"Of course I do!" Christina said with a slight, but adorable smile. "Wouldn't you love for girls to roam around naked in front of you. Wait, maybe you wouldn't. You might just die of awkwardness."

Chris gave a slight smile. Christina loved that smile. She wondered when Chris would realise she was in love with him. That she had always been in love with him. Knowing Chris, perhaps never.

"You are most definitely going to college. And CFNM is the one you will go to!" Eline said to her son, in a much sterner voice than usual.

Chris had proposed to her that he would not go to CFNM, and had changed his mind. Eline was having none of it. She had seen her son work hard for two years to get into that college. He had been beyond excited this morning when he he had gotten the acceptance letter. Now he was changing his mind, and she thought she knew why.

"Is it the nudity?" Eline asked in a calm voice.

Chris stared at his mother incredulously.

"YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT??"

Eline chuckled. While Chris had been engrossed in his studies, she had collected as much information as possible about the college her son dreamt of going to. What she could know, pleased her. She was a big believer in female supremacy, but over the past few years, she had had no time to take it further.

When Chris was yet to be born, Eline wore the trousers in the house. She and her husband worked full time, but the finances were entirely handled by Eline. The household was definitely in favour of women. Eline's husband was not allowed to wear clothes to bed. Through the summers and winters he always slept naked. Eline's sleepwear varied from lingerie to woolens depending on the weather and her own mood. But he had to sleep naked. He was given no choice. When in the bathroom, he was never allowed to close the door. The showers were taken with the door and curtain wide open, and the shaving was done with her husband standing at the sink with his bare ass on display. She loved squeezing that ass while passing by, wearing a robe.

Eline's two sisters, one younger and the other older, were in on it too. It was established very early on in the relationship that the two sisters were to be obeyed at all times. They often stayed over. During such periods, Eline's husband was expected to follow the daily routine as usual. He would wake up naked, have breakfast naked with the three sisters in their robes and then shave & bathe naked with one of the sisters constantly going in and out of the bathroom.

When Chris was born, Eline slowed down the activities, and confined them to the bedroom. She made her husband sleep naked, and intended to do the same with her son. However, when he passed away in the accident, she had to double her work to keep up with the bills. So she decided to do away with the female led household, and decided to treat her son as her equal.

Now, with all the information she had collected on CFNM, her former lifestyle came rushing back to her. When her son would go to college, this would be the life he would live. Treating all females with deference would become the norm, and getting naked in front of them at their whim would become his second nature. Perhaps she could restart that lifestyle at home too. Christina had been accepted into the college too. She would make an ideal daughter-in-law...

"Yes, my darling son. I do know about it. You think I'd send my only son off to college without knowing anything about the college he's going to?"

"Then you're right. They have some major double standards in that place. Do you realize that the boys swim naked with girls, who get to wear suits? Hell, they even sent different brochures to me and Chrissy!"

"You're right. The college seems to stress at every point that girls and women are, in fact, just slightly better than you. They will always get more privacy and more rights than you in that place."

"Then you know why I don't want to go."

"No I don't. So the girls get to see your penis. So what? I daresay I have given you too much privacy around the house. You have been scared to shower and get naked even in all male environments, let alone in front of women. I should have given you less privacy. Maybe an open door policy would have done wonders for you."

"But that's not what college is about!"

"That is exactly what college is about, young man. You need to grow. You need to get out of your comfort zone, and this college will throw you into the wild. You will be forced to get naked in front of everyone. I've heard loads of stories. And I love them all. This is going to help you become a better man, and I'm all for it. I met your father in college, and we followed a very similar lifestyle to the one you will follow in CFNM."

Chris was shocked. His mother was actually enthusiastic about exposing him to the world.

"Oh yeah," Eline continued, "I was in control in this house. After me, my sisters. After them, any female who happened to be in the house. And only after that did your father have any authority here. He was seen naked by everyone from me to the maid. He complained occasionally, but he really had no choice. Deep down, he knew this was right. That being a male, his need for privacy was next to nil. And females deserved to be protected from his gaze. He understood that."

Chris could only stare at his mother. She had never spoken much about his father. And here she was, telling him their intimate secrets. He had no idea what had gotten into her.

Eline continued her speech, "We had even taken a beach trip once, where me, your aunt Lorraine and aunt Jill remained clothed throughout the trip, while your father was naked all the time. He went to the beach naked, he slept naked, he swam naked, he ate naked. Fun trip. Perhaps we will take one sometime."

Chris realized he was going to CFNM whether he liked it or not. He could see it in his mother's eyes. There was a stern authority there he had never sensed before.

"But Chrissy will be there. She might see me..." he offered a last defence, one he knew would never hold.

"Oh, she definitely will. She's a girl. And in CFNM, all girls get to see all boys naked. It's just the way things are over there. She will become extremely familiar with her best friend, as will a lot of other girls. You will just have to Bare it. Now tell me what are the formalities that have to be completed..."



CFNM: The College Saga Pt. 03
byThat_CFNM_Guy©

The day had arrived. Just 2 weeks after getting the shock of his life, it was time for Chris to leave to begin a new life. This scared him to no end. His mother had sent the college his confirmation of attendance within a day, and his fate had been sealed. He was officially a CFNM Student. He and Chrissy had decided to go together. This was one of the few times when Chris wasn't particularly looking forward to spending time with his beautiful blonde best friend. She had come over to his house twice over the past two weeks, and he had kept the meetings as short as possible. He could barely look her in the eye after the last conversation they had had.

Chrissy was mad. Here was a guy who claimed to be her best friend, and the guy she was in love with since she turned 12, avoiding her like the plague. It wasn't that she couldn't understand the reasons behind his behaviour, but she still found it unreasonable. Her visits, though short, weren't wasted. She had got to spend some precious time with Eline, who had all but approved of her love for her son. Eline had also told her about her past, and gave her some valuable pointers about how to treat naked men. It was a fine line between dominance and insulting, apparently.

"Talk to me, Chris!" she could stand the silence no longer.

"What?" came the reply.

"Don't give me that oblivious act. You know as well as I do that you've been avoiding me ever since I showed you my prospectus. I also know why. I just don't understand why this has to change our relationship."

"You very well know why!"

"Why? Because I'll see you naked? Or because I'll be part of the superior gender? You know it doesn't matter to me. You, Chris, will always be the guy who stood by my side through thick and thin. You'll always be mine."

Chris loved the way she said that. Always mine. It had a nice ring to it, and he loved the thought of it, though he didn't realise in what sense. He could see Chrissy trying to hold his hand, and he decided to let her. The last two weeks had been bad enough, and not talking to her had just made it worse.

Chris had tried everything. He had gotten naked in his bedroom, and walked around. He tried walking to the bathroom in just an underwear. He couldn't make it out of his door. The sense of modesty was very deeply ingrained in him. The thought of people seeing him in that state scared him.

"Maybe I made a mistake by showing you my copy. I wasn't really thinking. I thought you already knew." Chrissy was saying.

"No...I think it's better this way. At least I know what I am walking into. Doesn't make me any less nervous, but I guess it's still better."

"You'll be fine, honey." Chrissy said as she leane over and rested her head on his shoulder. Eline smiled from the drivers seat. Her son was definitely in love with this girl, whether he knew it or not. All that remained to be seen was how their time at CFNM would change the dynamics. Right now, he was slightly more dominant, while Christina listened to him a lot. But the atmosphere at the college was designed to reduce his ego, while boost her confidence. Within a month, she'll realise that she has way more privileges that he does, and that could give her the confidence to impose her will on her son. Whether it will make or break them was the only thing that remained to be seen...

The college was every bit as beautiful as the advertisements and sites said. Lush green, huge and very well designed. The huge 2 door metal gate provided the entrance to the college. Metal bars that spelled out CFNM formed an arch over the gate. On either side of the gate, a person was represented by a sculpture. On the left side was an obviously female figure, standing straight and proud, looking towards the sky. On the right side, a male form was shown on one knee with his head slightly bowed in reverence. The two sculptures faced each other.

At the gate, a line of bicycles were present. Chris and Christina noticed a couple of female students take two bikes and ride into the college. At the same time, a male student was coming towards the gate on a bike. He was not riding it. He was pushing it. He parked the bike on a stand and continued on his way. This was puzzling to Chris. Christina was surprised initially, then gave herself a slight smile and the pair continued on their path.

"What was that all about?" Chris inquired of his friend.

"Look closely Chris. Look at the mechanisms and policies of the school already at work. We haven't even entered the college and already the double standard is on full display."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you know that boys and girls are treated differently here. The sculptures at the entrance embodied the entire philosophy of the college and the Society. The female, always rising. And the male, bowing to her in subservience. Look at those bikes. I think only the girls are allowed to use them, if they so wish. The boys are made to walk. Of course, the boys also seem required to pick up any unused bike and return it to the stand. This is all just a guess of course. But it does seem in keeping with what I've read in the prospectus."

Chris shook his head in disgust. Once the pair entered the gates, they were immediately greeted by a beautiful fountain. The water fountain was circular and was lined with sculptures of boys peeing into the pond. They looked very cute holding their penises.

"Oh it's so beautiful!" Christina exclaimed.

On this point, Chris was forced to agree. This was truly a piece of art, and he loved it. It didn't seem like a double standard. He nodded in agreement. The fountain divided the road into two different paths. A board suggested that the left path led to the residential buildings, canteen and the sports complex. The right path led to the academic building and the doctors offices.

"This is huge!" Chris was impressed. It was certainly the most beautiful college he had laid eyes on. "We should go to the dorms first, right?"

Christina agreed, and off they went down the left path. A boy and girl were heading towards them, obviously coming from the hostels. The girl had a cell phone in her hand, while the guy was carrying a stack of books.

"Don't let them fall down, Cody", they heard the girl instruct the boy as they passed.

A huge lawn separated the residential and the academic blocks. The lawn was lined with trees and benches placed under the shade. Chris noticed a board on every bench. Every alternate bench said "Reserved for Female students only" and the other half declared themselves to be General, where anyone could sit. Chris could see a pattern emerging, and did not like that pattern...

There was a girl, no more that 21, standing outside the hostel building.

"Hi guys." she greeted them. "Are you first years?"

"Yes." replied Chris. This girl was beautiful. Dressed in a white top and a miniskirt, she looked like the girl of his dreams.

"Excellent. Let's get you guys registered. Welcome to CFNM. You will have the time of your life here."

Chris smiled, but looked up to find her looking at Chrissy. A feeling of dread struck him, for the 50th time that week. The girl had led them inside the building. The hostel bloc had a main entrance. Once inside, there were two passages. The passage on the left side had a door, and a board saying "GIRLS HOSTEL" adorned it. On the right side, a board saying "BOYS HOSTEL" was hung above the passage. There was no door at the entrance!

The girl introduced herself as Roxy. She led them to a table placed in the centre of the main entrance, and produced two forms from two piles. She handed one to Christina and one to Chris.

"Please fill these up, and give them back to me." Roxy instructed.

Chris took a look at his form. It was basic enough, asking for his personal details. He wrote down all he could. At the end, he ticked the box saying he agreed to all the terms and conditions, and handed the form over to Roxy, who took it with a smile. Chrissy too finished with her form.

"So!" Roxy exclaimed, "Chris and Christina. Are you dating?"

"No!" Chris said with a start, lest this angel get the wrong idea. He wanted to convey very clearly that he was single.

Chrissy gave him a dirty look, which he barely noticed. He was too busy staring at Roxy's legs.

"Right. Ok, I will now give you guys a tour of the facilities. As you see, we have the girls hostel on the left and the boys on the right. At no point, for any reason whatsover, are boys allowed to go into the girls hostel. To ensure this, we have a biometric system in place. Every girl and female faculty members have their fingerprint fed into the database. Only upon verifying your identity, will that door open."

"What about the boys hostel?" Chris asked, "There's no door there."

"Of course there isn't a door there. It's the boys facility. Why would you require doors on the main entrance?"

"Yeah. Makes sense. I mean, it's just boys allowed right?"

Roxy smiled, "Actually, no. The boys facility is technically open to anyone who cares to venture in. You see, it's just convenient. Most of our medical staff is female, and it is necessary that they have access to the boys hostel in case of emergencies."

"So why not just give them access?"

"Girls are more trustworthy, Chris. The college trusts them not to go into the Boys facility without good reason. And seriously, what does it matter. We do advise the girls not to go in there for their own security. But a boys privacy isn't exactly the biggest concern we have."

Chris looked outraged at this. Roxy stood calm. She was used to all of these reactions. This was a very different world to what the boys were used to, and this was the first step into that world.

"So, lets go check out the girls hostel."

Chris started with excitement.

"Chris, you will wait out here. Christina, you can take all your luggage. Might as well get you settled."

Chrissy gave her friend a smile, picked up her luggage and left Chris waiting in the main room all by himself.


CFNM: The College Saga Pt. 04
byThat_CFNM_Guy©

25 minutes had passed, and there was no sign of Chrissy and Roxy. Chris was getting bored standing there by himself. He heard laughter outside. It was growing louder. A boy and a girl, both of who looked to be in Second year, walked in hand in hand.

"I wanna go for pizza." the girl was saying.

"We'll go, love. As soon as I visit the mens room ok?"

"Fine." the girl said and walked with the boy right into the boys hostel. The boy didn't question her, and they proceeded cheerfully. At that very moment, Chrissy and Roxy exited the Girls hostel.

"Finally! I was dead bored." Chris said.

"We were just getting your friend settled. And it's very gentlemanly to wait on a lady. And we insist on having gentlemen here." Roxy said to him in a sweet, but deadly tone that left him cold. He gave Chrissy a questioning glance, and she responded with a coy smile,

"Come now", Roxy continued, "Let's get a look at the boys facility, shall we?"

"I'll wait here then." Christina said.

"Nonsense Christina. You are perfectly welcome to explore the hostel with us. I'm a girl and I'm going in, aren't I? Come, accompany us. No need to be shy."

Chrissy smiled gleefully and joined Chris while Roxy led the way. The corridor was quite long, and took a turn at a door. Chris wondered where the door led.

"This is the men's washroom. Come, I'll show you around." Roxy went right in.

Chris and Chrissy were taken aback. A bit of hesitation later, they entered with caution. All in all, it was a nice washroom. A line of urinals adorned one wall. There was no partition between the urinals and any boy would be fully exposed. Behind the urinals were a series of stalls. The wall adjoining the "door" had sinks and mirrors attached.

Chris suddenly noticed that the washroom wasn't empty. There were 3 people in it, other than Roxy, Chrissy and himself. The boy and girl who he'd seen enter the hostel stood at one urinal. She was watching him pee, with unabashed glances at his cock. Three urinals away, another boy was doing his business. The girl had an uninterrupted view of both penises, and she stole more than a glance of both of them.

Roxy suddenly walked up to the second boy and started speaking to him.

"Lance, Professor Dickie asked me to remind you to submit your assignment tomorrow. He's threatened you with a spanking and you know he always carries out his threats.

"Yeah Rox. I'll get it done."

Roxy smiled and gave him a quick slap on his ass. "Don't forget to shake twice and wash your hands."

Through all of this, Chris and Christina stood watching . Chrissy was shocked that she had just walked into a men's room where two men were actually pissing. And two girls were talking to them while they did it. It was surreal. She looked at Chris, who was breaking into a sweat.

"Let's move on guys. Lots more to see, and time is short. You wanna pee, Chris?" Roxy asked.

Chris had, at that moment, resolved never ever to use the washroom here.

"Why are girls allowed in here??"

"Why not? It's just peeing. Everybody does it. And we all know boys do it standing up. There's really no need to be shy about that."

"But you don't allow us to watch girls pee."

"Are you crazy? Girls require privacy and modesty. Even girls don't see each other pee. On the other hand, every guy can see each others penis in here. So why shouldn't girls? It's not exactly a huge mystery."

In some twisted way, this made sense. Yet, Chris couldn't help but feel that this was only a minor thing in a much bigger picture...

**********************************************

Out of the washroom, the threesome came to some stairs at the end of the corridor.

"Oh, isn't there an elevator here?" Christina spoke up. She was still getting rid of the image of the completely open urinals in the hostel, but she was surprised at this difference. The girls hostel had a spacious elevator connecting all 5 floors, besides a flight of stairs.

Roxy merely shook her head in response. Chrissy immediately understood that the luxury of an elevator was deemed unnecessary for the boys.

"All first years are housed in the first floor, Chris. The second years on the second and so on. The fifth floor is kind of a common hall where parties and such are held around the year. Come. Let's go upstairs."

A pair of boys came bounding down the stairs. They seemed to be in a hurry. In such a hurry that they were wearing nothing but a pair of boxers.

"Hi Rox. Just going for a swim. Wanna join us?"

"Sorry boys. I'm stuck with playing host today. The freshers start arriving today. In fact, these two are a couple of them. Meet Chris and Christina. Guys, these are Brad and Doug. They are from my class. You'll be seeing them around quite a bit. Third years usually mentor the freshers."

Chris was still wondering why the pair of them were in their underwear. Chissy was admiring the beautiful physique of the half naked boys in front of them. It was clear that they were wearing nothing under the boxers, and she could see a slight bulge where their penises rested. They seemed very comfortable standing bare chested in front of their classmate and a new first year, right where they should have had maximum privacy from female eyes.

"Your cross to bear." the boys smiled, while walking away.

Chris asked, "Is the pool in the building?"

"No, of course not. We have only one pool for the boys and girls. It's three buildings away." came the reply from Roxy.

"Then why are they going there in underwear?"

"Oh, it's just convenient for the boys. Less clothes to store. Less clothes to remove." Roxy gave Chrissy a quink wink, which was reciprocated with a smile.

Roxy had told Chrissy how the boys all swam naked at CFNM. No man in the swimming complex was allowed to wear a shred of clothing, including footwear. So all the girls saw all the boys and most faculty members naked at one point or the other. In fact, CFNM had a very strict dress code for all sports, and all people playing the sport of present in the complex were expected to follow the code. Roxy had assured Chrissy that girls were modestly dressed in any given sport, so she had no need to worry.

Chrissy was more worried about how she would react when she saw naked guys. For all her popularity, she had seen only one guy naked, and that was when she had sex. Hit was enough to rouse her interest in the male anatomy, but she had not wanted to have sex with any other guy.

On the first floor, there was only a long corridor with rooms on both sides. There was a common water dispenser at the end of the corridor. A perpendicular passage led to an open door. In fact, door would be an exaggeration. It was a pair of wooden flaps that led inside whatever the room housed.

Chris suddenly noticed that all the rooms were open.

"Has no one arrived yet?"

"Guess only 3 more boys are left to arrive. Yours is the second last room." Roxy replied, checking a chart.

Roxy led the way, with the friends following her, observing the rooms on their way. Chris noticed that each room had two beds, two desks and two cupboards. Other than that, the rooms were bare.

Inside the first room on the right, a pair of boys were getting unpacked. Chrissy saw a boy changing out of his shirt in another room. A third room revealed a boy who was clearly unzipping his trousers.

Seeing the two girls, he stopped midway, blushed deeply and turned his back. Oxy noticed and gave a quick laugh.

"Why doesn't he just close his door?" Chris asked in disgust.

"Oh, I'm sure they would love to!" Roxy replied. Chris saw a naughy smile of Chrissy's face...

******************************************

"WHAT THE HELL?"

Roxy and Chrissy waited for the boy to calm down. His roommate hadn't arrived yet, and he had just discovered that there was no door to his room. This had left him horrified. He was even more horrified when he realised that women seemed to have free access to the entire hostel.

"Why isn't there a door here?"

Roxy was used to this. "Why would you require a door?"

"Well, to change of course. And to mas..." chris caught his tongue, but it was too late.

"Exactly. Changing can be done with an open door. It's a boys dorm. Everyone here has the same anatomy, and you have nothing to hide. Yes, girls do come here time and again. And yes, they might see you with your pants down. But really, you'll have nothing they haven't seen before. I remember when I was a fresher. I had come up here to study with a friend, and ended up seeing half the boys with their dicks out. A night to remember!"

Roxy looked at Chris. The expression of horror was familiar. She had seen it countless times before, and she still enjoyed it. The feeling of being exposed to the girls, and being able to do nothing about it...the knowledge that he had no privacy from the girls, but the girls got privacy in everything...it was a rush. It was power. The double standards at work, subtle and brazen, gave girls an upper hand over the boys, and created gender dynamics like nowhere else.

She continued, "As to masturbation, while CFNM does not forbid it, it is frowned upon. Due to this, you will have no doors. If you must masturbate, you might as well do it in front of the world, right?"

"I assume the girls have doors."

"Care to tell him, Christina?" Roxy pointed to Chrissy.

Chrissy could barely look her friend in the eye. "Well...we have private rooms. One girl per room. One bed, a cupboard, Desk and an attached bath. With doors and locks."

"You see," Roxy spoke, "we value a girls right to privacy over everything else. And no expense is spared to ensure that privacy. Every year, 50% of the college budget is allocated purely to girls and their needs."

"What about the boys?"

"5 %", came the reply. "Boys and men do not really have many needs. Privacy is a luxury you would do better without. Modesty is a virtue best reserved for women. Yes, you will be exposed to every girl on campus, peer, senior and junior, over the next four years. As every boy is. You will be seen naked by your family and even females that are not part of the college. And at the end of it, you will realise that you are a better man because of it."

Chris was contemplating running away at that very moment. Chrissy grabbed his hand, and tried to calm him. She didn't want him panicking too much. She herself felt nervous, but at the same time excited at the prospect of what lay ahead.

"You will soon learn that you must listen to all females, and you must defer to them. It's for your happiness as much as it is for theirs. Now, why don't you keep your bags here. I'll show you the bathroom for the floor."

They went back out of the room and entered the room with the wooden door flaps. The room was quite huge, and for good reason. It contained the entire shower and toilet section for the floor.

Right opposite the door was a gang shower. No partitions. No curtains. Just out in the open. A series of hooks were attached besides the door. On the right side was a series of urinals similar to the ones below. Again, zero privacy for anybody using the facilities.

A boy came from his room, and seeing the two girls there, quickly took a U-turn. Roxy saw this, and decided it was time to exert some authority.

"Archie, is it?"

The boy stopped in his tracks and slowly turned around.

"You wanted to use the urinals, I assume."

He nervously nodded.

"Why, then, did you turn back?"

"I think I'll go later." Archie mumbled.

Roxy was having none of it. "You better get used to people being here while peeing or taking a shower. As you can well see, there are no partitions of any sort. Whatever you will be doing, you will be doing in the open."

"I wasn't expecting girls."

"As I told you earlier, Archie, girls do have unrestricted access to this bloc. So you might expect a girl around occasionally. She can very well enter this room, and watch you take a piss and there would be nothing you would do about it. So I want you to march up to the toilet and do your business. The faster you get over this shyness, the better it is for all of us."

Archie looked torn between running to his room and locking up, and listening to this beauty. Perhaps remembering that he had no door to hide behind, he stumbled towards the farthest urinal. Roxy followed him.

"Good. Now here at CFNM, boys don't unzip to pee. They undress. So, I want you to unbutton your trousers and pull them down to your knees."

Chris saw Archie working mechanically. He did not seem to have control over his actions. Chris wasn't sure if it was fear or will driving the boys actions. Whatever it was, Archie was now standing at the urinal with his pants around his knees and Roxy in her miniskirt standing besides him. He was wearing a pair of tighty whiteys under the pants.

"Good boy. Now do the same with your underwear. Down to the knees."

With Chrissy watching with wide eyes, the boy revealed his ass to 3 people within 3 hours of moving to the college. Chris should have known this was merely an indication of things to come.

Roxy now had a full and uninterrupted view of Archie's cock. She wasn't done telling him how to do his business.

"Now hold your penis and aim it towards the urinal. Now let go. If one drop lands anywhere but where it's supposed to, I will spank you right here."

Perhaps due to the fear of getting his ass spanked, Archie peed with extraordinary aim.

"Excellent. No, don't pull those up just yet. You have to wipe your penis of any residual urine."

Archie gave Roxy a puzzled expression. There were no tissues anywhere in sight. Roxy pointed with her eyes, and Archie followed her gaze. His last hope was gone. The tissues were located right near the basin.

"How...?" began a question Archie did not want answered at all.

"Walk over. Usually, you'll be here naked or just in an underwear, so things will be easier. But as they may be, you will walk over there, get a tissue, and wipe the head of your co...penis with it. Only then will you pull your underwear and pants back up."

Slowly, Archie turned with his hands cupping his junk. Chrissy instinctively averted her eyes, but couldn't help but check him out. The time of his penis was unabashedly peeking out from in between his fingers. Looking at the floor, Archie walked towards the tissues. There, he made sure his back was turned to the public, and wiped his penis.

Roxy gave herself a slight smile. This was one of her favorite acts. The first year boys were exposed to a very different environment. Not that the second, third or fourth year boys liked the double standards all that much, but they had accepted that they would always be treated just inferior to the girls. The benefit of doubt would always be given to the girls, and her word would always supersede his. A fresher had a tough time accepting this reality, and the first year was a constant exercise in humiliation and ultimate acceptance.

"Dismissed." Roxy said to the boy who had now pulled his trousers up. "Chris, why don't you get unpacked. I'll show you guys around the rest of the facilities after you do that. Christina and I will wait for you in the cafeteria. It's just behind the building. Oh, and Archie...your fly is open."