Change is Good for Hemangini
byBriano82©

Introduction

This story has its emphasis laid upon Hemangini, a lady who has been brought up under the ambience of the exquisite Bengali culture. She is 35 years old; Standing at 5'10, much taller than average Indian women, 34B breasts, and a body structured in 36-26-40, weighing 148 pounds. The numbers complimented her big tall structure. She quotes herself quite often in the story as the 'woman in a man's body.'

She always managed to stay bulky by weight lifting and squatting on regular basis. Hemangini had been a successful businesswoman. She is carrying forward the millions that she inherited from her blood relatives. She owns the brand of 'A-one Salon' which is present in three figures across the whole country.

Hemangini is happily married to Tushar 6'0, a Gujarati guy raised in the distinctive Bengali culture. He was 170 pounded; with 34 waist, He makes a fitter physique than a normal Indian man. He is a highly qualified individual with exaggerated visionary attributes. He always held his conscience high with his sensibilities, but for some reasons involved, he turns distressed in his life. Hemangini finds a way to regain his confidence towards the normal masses, by enslaving him in her own shed.

This is the story of Hemangini being interviewed by an erotic columnist for his latest work about female domination. How the person interviews Hemangini? What interesting facts he finds out about femdom in her relationship? Etcetera. All this you will find out after going through the story.

Chapter 1

I reached to a number of 9, while counting through the small lights glued deep in the ceilings.

"Good morning, Mr. Avinash." I heard a voice coming from the front. I still held my head high and finished the counting till 18 by keeping the person waiting for a good minute. I took my head down finally and started to look down on the floor.

There was this broad legged lady stood before me in her shiny white leggings, with blue flip flops at her feet. As I looked upwards, I found her very wide hips, with her partially flat belly upfront. I gazed at her loose yellow Polo T-shirt on the top, which still showed the bulge of her big round bust despite of the looseness. I ended on her face with those blue eyes and nose curved in beauty. I just had a single thought running in my head, "What a beauty!" She was looking closely on the rolling of my eyes on her body in its whole.

"Good morning, Mrs Hemangini." I held my gentle tone up. I found myself just an inch taller than her, as soon as I left my seat to offer her a handshake. She replied instantly with her soft curvy palm covering mine.

"It seems like you are interested in other things more Mr. Avinash." She smiled a little hastily, still held my hand.

"Oh, no no Mrs Hemangini, it's not like that." I smiled back. We finally got our hands untied.

"I was talking about the ceiling by the way." She said out of a little giggle.

"Oh yeah, it is not every day we enter in a millionaire's house, so we don't miss a spot of catching the ideas of the portrayals." Hemangini started laughing after hearing that.

"I heard of a novelist with a name similar to yours, paying in millions to the government in the form of tax or I don't know, I might have misread. It's non-portrayal by the way, and having said that, please have a seat." She sounded a bit egoistic out of her wealth. She was still a tolerant millionaire with a humour. We took our seats.

Hemangini sat on the wooden chair, her broad hips could have beaten normal men. She was still a hot woman with the height and curve being a perfect match. She grabbed her 'Santa Digna' spanish red wine in the glass. I took a frooti instead, as being a straight-edge was the one thing I followed since my early days.

As I was preparing to get off with my questions, a little girl came rounding across her chair. Hemangini asked her to give me a handshake and she did. The little Barbie left afterwards. Hemangini told me that it was her daughter Kritika. I finally prepared to take off.

"Shall we start, Mrs Hemangini?" I inquired.

"Yes yes, Avinash. I would hate to hold on to Mr. from here on, so you also shoot off the Mrs. and be comfortable please!" She spoke in a go. She had the elegant voice of a businesswoman, that complimented her personality way much.

"Okay, Hemangini. Always remember, no hesitations involved." I ticked the start button on my recorder, and the reel started rotating.

"So, the time before the main adventure, when did you start to feel like getting into it or taking it as an inevitable happening to acknowledge in your life?" I prepared my first question.

Hemangini took the third sip of her wine; started, "It would be the completion of five years in the earlier period of next month. So let's go with the story. Keep patience I may be unstoppable once taking off." She laughed loudly. I arched my back to insert the new cassette. The reel rolled into the new cassette before she started.

***********

"[[ I was all dressed, ready to leave for the salon where I controlled the happenings, rest branches were controlled by employed individuals as I cannot be present at hundreds of them at the same time. I had my blue kurti, white leggings on. I always loved to show off my perfectly worked thighs and calf from my partial bare leggings due to the short length of my kurtis. I called for Tushar, who was still sluggingly having his sips on the cup. He looked at the newspaper, clotting all of the stories from it.

After a little while, he came out in his perfect corporate outfit, with his jaw dropping smile floating from his lips. I looked at him with a certain anger as to show my dissatisfaction because of him always getting late. He kissed me for the apology, I readily agreed. We left in a minute.

Tushar stopped the car at the salon. He was about to press the button to unlock the door, until I stopped him. I held his head to bring it closer to mine. I planted a nice kiss on his lips. He returned with a deliberate reaction, and our lips locked. I fell deeply into his lips. We continued to smooch, until Tushar got a grip on my breast through my kurti. I left my seat quickly to get on his lap. I placed myself on his lap.

Tushar grabbed my boobs to their full size, On the follow up, I dig my lips on his by being on the top. Tushar started to plant deep kisses on my neck. I held my chin up on his head to stick his lips on my neck, I hugged him from the head while he continued to eat my neck. Tushar went down to kiss on my boobs through my kurti. He grabbed my nipple between his teeth and wet the frontal side of my kurti with his saliva dipping from his mouth. Tushar grabbed my butt for long, started to hike my kurti up to explore his hands on my bare back. He got a grip at the leggings' elastic on my waist, started to bring it down. I stopped his hands from moving an inch.

"Uh-oh, not so soon big boy, keep your warm liquid flowing until tonight. This pussy has got a loads to work to do, so it should get going now. Oh Dick, fuck off." I always managed to keep the humour going in our relationship.

"Did I get called a dick?" Tushar asked with a smile floating.

I was doing my heels again which got lost in the heat of the moment, when making out. I was adjusting my hairs, while spoke, "I called the dick, a dick."

"Oh, I might get accused for raping a woman tonight." He exclaimed with a smile.

I adjusted my kurti and leggings, came closer to him. I licked his cheek and bite his lower lip to pull it away from his mouth. "We will see about that tonight honey, Bye Bye", I said with the most lustful voice possible. I came out of the car to enter in the salon. Tushar drove away as I entered in from the door.

I patted Adi just on the top of his butt, to bade him a good morning. He replied with the scarlet on his cheeks after my absurd touch on his skin. Aditya was my assistant for the salon and one of the fellow workers working for me. A cute faced - tall, skinny youngster just out of his teenage, working as an intern. I was the second oldest staff member in our salon, and ofcourse their boss. 'The boss of the whole brand, I reckon.' I am much egoistic to my wealth.

As soon as I put on the apron, I started taking customers by keeping the fellow workers aside. I was much obsessed with my work which often lead me to put many who were getting paid by me to rest. I kept working till mid-noon. I patted Adi some more, occasionally touched his dick between many times, but we were too cool around each other to react. The sun settled finally. It was a great day. Just as I could undo my apron, I got the call I was waiting for.

Tushar was going to arrive in some minutes to take me home. I awaited for his presence too curiously because his face was the only valid shit that could have led my fatigue to flee. I baded every lady workers a good bye, hugged Adi to one. I always liked to treat him as my own boy. Tushar was here finally. He came out of the door to take me in. Holding me from just above my butt, he planted a quick kiss on my lips in public. I didn't hesitate and replied in an instance. We settled ourselves in the car.

"How was the day pussy?" Tushar started.

"Nothing like the morning session that took place at these very seats, DICK." I answered.

"I'm on the rape for real!!." Tushar said by giving away a high laughter and grinding his teeth.

"Oh, let me see about it. With what are you going to have all that fun? With this?" Saying that I rubbed my hand on his crotch through his pants.

Tushar struggled in deep breaths, "Yes honey, this one."

I did his shirt out of his pants, to unzip his pants. I slide it down to his knees. He settled his back on the seat with his erect 7 inched erection exposed right before my eyes.

"We are on the road honey!" He exclaimed trying not to be too expressive.

"Shhh." I brought myself closer to his lips and planted a wet kiss on it. He was still looking at the road before reacting on the few of kisses out of many, to smooch me back. I kept eating his lips for a minute, massaged his dick and balls with my hand. Tushar was so hard that I could feel his nerves on the penis. Tushar put his one hand on my boobs to press it through my kurti. He inserted his hand under my kurti from the top to feel my bra covered breasts in his palm.

I finally left his lips, to take my focus downwards. I looked at his dick for a while. Tushar noticed my eyes and pushed my head back several times to escape from the upcoming blowing on his shaft. I took my head closer to his dick to plant a quick kiss on the tip. Tushar released a huge moan after my tongue touched his tip. I explored my tongue on penis opening crack. I settled myself on the knees on my seat to have a clean balance with his dick in my mouth. I kneeled towards him with my ass hanging in the air.

I held his dick tall, to go lick on all of his dick. I licked all the way upwards, feeling the thin pointed nerves passing through the inner region of his erection. I spitted on his dick, took it fully in my mouth out of the wetness all over the tip. I started to give him the sucking of his life. Tushar closed his eyes out of pleasure, while I kept working on his dick. Tushar explored his hand all over my back. I continued to suck on his dick.

There came a traffic stop in few seconds. I was still sucking his dick, being on my knees on the other seat. Tushar hiked my blue kurti to have a go on my bare back. He rubbed his hand all over my bare back. He began to push it under my white leggings. There was a close to 4 year old kid watching to all of it from the car window he was in, at our side. Both Tushar and Me, waved towards him for a hello in that position. He disappeared out of fear from the window after getting caught peeking. We laughed our hearts out on his reactions.

Tushar roamed his hand all over my underwear after settling his hand deeper in my leggings, explored his fingers between my ass crack through the underwear.. He pressed on my well squatted ass through the underwear. I held his dick high to go more inside of his pubic area. I kissed on his balls. Tushar brought his hand on my bare ass under the panty, to fit some of his fingers horizontally between my butt crack. He kept on rubbing my ass by exploring his hand between my ass crack. We headed closer to home. I sucked on his dick for less than 30 seconds, until we were parked just at the door front.

I didn't gave him an initial call, before biting and digging my teeth on his dick creepily. I started running for my life inside the house. I always found it impulsive being a little childish with the love of my life. It took a little while for him to park the car well and get inside to chase me. I was in the bathroom to get to change. I heard Tushar coming from behind. Tushar followed me into the bathroom.

"How dare you?" He said after coming closer to grab me in his arms. I grabbed him by his butt in return.

"How dare youuu?" I replied with a soft voice to pull him closer by his ass. I squeezed his ass under my palms. He held me by my side head, to kiss my lips. I kissed back. In a moment, we were drowned into a wet quick overlap on each other's lips. I brought my tongue in action; our tongues danced on each other. Tushar brought me closer to the shower, to turn it on. We were still dressed.

The water started to come down on our bodies. I felt all of my kurti and leggings with bra and underwear at the inside, getting glued to my breast and butt after getting wet by water. My brown spots on the boobs were very much visible. Tushar slid the kurti down my shoulders to expose my bust. I felt the water hitting my breasts, until he came down to plant a kiss on both the boobs. He squeezed my boobs to make his tongue dance on my nipples for more than a minute. I held his head tightly by releasing few big sensual moans.

He made me get out of the kurti, leaving me topless. Tushar grabbed my wet leggings from my ass. I placed my head on his shoulder to grab him for a lovely hug under the shower; He glued me to his body. Suddenly, It felt like the safest heaven in the universe; all of my fatigue from the work fled away for real. Water still hit our bodies. I rubbed my head on his chest to grab him in the tightest grip possible, as if we won't see each other again. We stayed there for a minute. I felt his lips again on mine. Tushar slid my wet leggings and underwear down to leave me completely naked. I was finally out from the glued feeling on my butt and legs.

I helped Tushar get out of his wet clothes. We stood naked before the shower, still kissing nastily on our lips. He soaped all over my body, I helped him get covered in the soap as well. We bathed together. Tushar had his dick very erect and it was there to attack my pussy at any minute. I stood there looking in his eyes. He lifted my big body up in his arms to get me laid on the floor. Tushar fit his waist between my legs; started to kiss my neck. I grabbed his bare ass between my legs, rubbing my hands all over it.

He held his dick in his hand to enter it in my wet cunt. He attacked my clit with the hard initial stroke. He hit my hips hard, I was there left in a loud moan out of the first shocking impact. I couldn't feel the water on my body as he was taking all of it on his back, I had my body covered under his. He started to get in me with more and more impact, my loud moans from the bathroom could have been heard in the entire mansion. I stretched my legs wide to let Tushar get in with more fluidity. He fucked me with all his strength, hitting my hips nastily with every thrust. His expressions went creepy each time he hit my vagina.

All of his thrusts inside my pussy felt out of frustration. I crossed my legs around his waist, he continued to fuck me out of painful shoves. I kissed and bite on his shoulders to stop the moans from coming out. Tushar approached to plant one more kiss on my lips, he started to slow down. He fucked my pussy with three more thrusts, before coming inside me. I felt his hot liquid fertilising my seeds. We smiled by looking in each other's eyes. We hugged each other being on the floor under the shower to kiss for a minute. Tushar laid his head on my breasts; with the rest of his naked body laid on mine, we stayed on the floor under the water to catch our breaths.

We were finally out of the floor to soak ourselves dry. I grabbed a robe over my sleeping pair of under garments, while he got in his shorts. Tushar helped me with dinner. We ate with few more jokes, watched some TV before turning our attentions to bed again. We had sex again before sleeping. I allowed him to get me to an anal treatment. Tushar stretched my anus mercilessly with his penis. We cuddled each other in our arms to drown to sleep. I was always thankful for these moments with Tushar.

The sun raised itself from the bottom, with every chirps and roosters getting hard with audacity, I woke up in my husband's arms naked. I kissed on Tushar's chest to wake him up. He had my pretty teeth marks following last nights heat on his shoulders and back. I grabbed his semi-erect dick to put it in my mouth. Tushar smiled with his eyes closed to pull me towards him. I laid against his body with his cheeks in my palms.

"I'm out for workout baby, care to join in?" I kissed his chin saying that.

"Ofcourse baby." Saying that, he held me in his arms by my waist to get out of the bed. We did some nude clicks before the mirror. We dressed in our tracksuits to leave.

Tushar patted on my even size ass hanging out of the yoga pants. The jog was a long one, but it felt always felt nice with the one you love. I had some stretching and crunches after reaching to the gym. Tushar lifted weights and some chest exercises. I lifted medium weight dumbbells to keep my arms toned. I was more at the bulkier side with other Indian women. We headed to home afterwards.

After getting drowned to much sweat, we bathe and cleaned ourselves together. We helped each other with the tea, before getting dressed to our works. It was not regularly we had this heavenly time with each other. I put on the shiny black leggings, followed by a white sleeveless top. He put on his regular corporal attire to leave for the work. Tushar dropped me to the salon, we were involved in a not so long smooch but a sweet one before I got out of the door.

A beauty salon has always been a junction to unhesitating gossip of ladies before their same genders or age groups. It could be about anything - their sex lives, adulterous lives, household dramas, anything. I used to hear all of their gossips as a past time during working, never considered any of the word thrown by them though. I did a dozen of ladies makeovers followed by their gossips hitting my ears forcibly. I ended the day just before the sunset.

Tushar arrived a bit late to pick me home. I gave him a quick kiss after he was back. I grabbed the wheels this time out, leaving Tushar at the side seat. We talked on the way home. Tushar just placed his hand on my left thigh through the leggings; we began to talk.

The topics were again universally oriented, work, sports, politics, etc. Tushar did informed me about some of his bosses' cruel words about some target achievements but didn't quote anything properly. He did squeeze my thighs lightly in between but nothing more than that. I was a little disappointed as I wanted more than a touch, but still we had a very good time laughing and joking around on the way home. I parked the car in the lawn before we entered inside.

We entered the bathroom to freshen up. I shaved my pubic hairs with Tushar trimming his beard next to me. We dressed in our usual nighties to get out of the room. He helped me with the dinner, we had some few descent conversation having the dinner. We made love in the bed again to fall to sleep afterwards cuddling each other naked.

We woke up again holding each other naked. Tushar woke me up by kissing me on the forehead. We smooched for a while. I got out of the bed to get my T-shirt on. I put the leggings up my big waistline. Tushar was still in the bed.

"Tushar?" I called him.

"You go baby, I am much tired after a long working day yesterday. I would get the tea prepared until you will be back." Tushar left the bed. He held my waist to plant a kiss on my forehead and pat on the top of my ass. Tushar got in the bathroom with his naked body. I really wanted him to come, but I didn't moan much. I prepared to leave for the workout.

I didn't think much about Tushar, to get away with my workout. I lifted some medium weights again followed by some thigh breaking sets of squats. My ass was already round toned to 41 inches, so I aimed to maintain the size by not going beyond it. I felt problems in walking with my ass swaying heavily after each step. I had to buy new pairs of panties and bottom wears the previous month because of the broadening in my waist and butt. I experienced the tearing off of some old pairs of leggings when trying to get it on my new waistline and ass, which were no less than a year old. I gained much in less time.

I was back home full of sweat. I saw Tushar sat quietly on the couch, keeping a close eye on the TV. The house was crystal clean and dustless. I knew who could have been capable of doing it. He turned his head towards me to smile for a welcome. He turned his head again towards the box. I left quietly after smiling back. 'Not everyone is ought to stay energised all day' saying that in my head, I entered the bathroom to take the shower. Tushar also dressed for work. I put on some shiny purple top followed by black denim at the bottom.

Once I was out of the room dressed, Tushar offered me the tea. He served it for me on the table. We sat off to leave for our works. The journey was filled with silence. I did attempted few conversations, but the approach was waved away by Tushar's silence. Tushar stopped at the front of the salon. I left my seat to get on his lap. I held his face, "Is there anything wrong, baby?" I tried my best tone possible to make him comfortable.

"Yes yes honey, I have everything under control. You don't worry!" Saying that he kissed just above my boobs once. He opened the door to show me my way out. I had to go out of his lap, as the door was clearly before the shop. There was something very wrong with Tushar. I had a descent day working. Tushar came to pick me up with his dead reactions on the face. We changed to our sleep wears. I prepared the dinner. We were just about to go sideways after the dinner, until I held his hands in mine.

"Is there anything you would like to share with me baby? Am I any good to prove myself useful for you?" I tried to bring Tushar to resilience. Tushar held my hands back, started to speak,

"The company is going through bankruptcy since many months now. They have aimed to fire their top employees who are covering up the more stack of money. Because of the fact that I got a close to double pay rise last year, I'm worried about my position baby." I heard to all of it from his mouth. I could have said about leaving his job because I inherited millions and still make more money in the house than him. This could have been a fugitive to his self-esteem, so I decided to go with the situation.

I went forward to indulge in a nice hug. Tushar hugged me back. "Thank you" he spoke out of his much abridging sadness all over his face. I crawled my way up his body, and locked my legs to his waist to hang in his arms. Tushar held me strongly, despite of my big body. I was carried to the bedroom by my hubby. Tushar kissed my lips with all the wetness possible. Dancing his tongue on mine, he slid my shorts down. I slid his after sticking his body on mine. The temperature in the room went hotter and hotter as the night went on.

We fucked each other quite often the following week. Day by day, Tushar began to come down mentally. My frustration was building up with Tushar isolating himself this badly. I had to take a step forward.

It was a Monday, I woke up in his arms following the night when we had the worst sex in the entire marriage life. I dressed up in my grey sleeveless kurti followed by the white jodhpurs fit leggings. With Tushar's growing inferiority, my body was toning up broadly due to the frustrating workouts. Tushar dropped me to the Salon before leaving for his work in the non-existent smile on his face. I stepped inside. Tushar didn't text me anymore in the working hours. I felt very lonely.

Adi my intern was goofing around with his loads until he stopped before me. I washed a lady's hairs with my mind still floating about Tushar. But there was this thing, I applied heaps of purple shampoo on the lady's head that made her get in the dimensions of it, more than required. Her hairs turned blonde in a while from sides. Adi watched all of it before coming near to give a slight nudge on my shoulders to lead my eyes at it. I was horrified watching that. Adi pushed me back to attain to her hairs.

I stepped back to let Adi go on. The lady was watching the fashion magazine with much interests that she had no idea about who attended her hairs. Adi took the black hair die from the bottle and poured it on just the end tooth of the brush. He applied the brush on her hair, to let the little black texture get on, leaving the blonde touch as well. I was mighty relieved. I went to my cabin to get a glass of wine to relieve myself from this stress. I had a full glass of neat vodka without any additional beverage or soda. I stayed in my seat with my eyes closed.

Adi knocked on my cabin door. I permitted him to come in. He came in with a file to put on the table. He turned around to leave. I stopped him on his way back.

"Yes, Ma'am?" He asked me for not letting him go away.

"How should I thank you for saving this place's reputation before our best customers?" I said out of a smile from my lips.

"Because I love working for you, and that's what makes me a good assistant." He spoke in his professional tone. I left my seat to give Adi a full body hug. I had a broader body and a bigger waist than Adi's skinny physique. He was just few inches taller than me. He was entirely hidden in my bulks but I needed someone to fill in this void at this moment. Adi took his hands to grab my back through my under arms. I was pulled upwards by him, and I stuck my body to his to continue with the hug. I was having the toll of vodka in my head.

I locked the cabin door from inside with all the chamber curtains down. It was just us in the room. I went closer to kiss him on his lips. He returned with a wetter approach. He planted his tongue on my lips before getting into the smooch again. He took his hands between my hip line of the kurti to place it on my ass. He grabbed my ass from my leggings after hiking the kurti up. Our tongues danced on each other. He was half a generation younger, still so good at it.

I took to my strengths to lift him up in my arms to place him on the table. I was more of a man in a woman's body. Adi and I laughed on my gesture and strength. I slide his pants down to get a glimpse on his dick. He had a size less than what Tushar possessed, but it didn't matter. I put his dick with all the readiness in my mouth. I sucked on it with quite pace. Adi moaned lightly. He stopped me after a minute and came down of the table. I sat in the chair.

Adi came towards me to kiss on my neck. He slide my kurti off from the shoulders, before sliding my bra off to go through my brown nipples between his teeth. Adi slide my jodhpurs fit leggings off my bottom. I placed myself on the floor on my knees with my back facing him. I rested my shoulders on the chair to bent towards him. He came from the behind to enter in me. Adi got on his knees before my ass to hold it in his palms, to fuck with harder thrusts in me.

Adi forced his medium sized dick in me with some pace, he hit my hips hard. My ass was bouncing with his hard hits on it with his hips. Adi continued to do it for some seconds before he came in me. I felt his hot thick liquid hitting my cervix wall. I placed myself on the feet again. Adi began to take his pants up. I took my leggings up and the kurti to get dressed again. I held Adi in my arms to place a hug on his body. I kissed his cheek before speaking, "Thank you."

"It would be a pleasure to get more of those words, ma'am." Adi smiled sarcastically while saying that.

"Oh I don't allow time off in my work place. Fuck off son." I smiled before Adi prepared to leave. He spanked on my ass with a hard pat, before starting to leave with a smile. Adi left.

I felt nice after getting some attention, but it was just not enough. I took a light nap by the toll of vodka still on my head. I woke up at early evening, before getting to a glass of neat again. Tushar came to pick me up. I noticed his annoying silence, but I was just drunk enough to bate any eye on Tushar. I fall asleep, immediately after coming back.

I took to the salon the next day after working out. I took my own Audi to drive myself there because I was too faded with the vibe Tushar was hanging around when driving. I reached the salon. Adi smiled to welcome me in. I patted on his waist, following the usual schedule. It was mid afternoon when I was doing the hairs of Mrs Patel.

Mrs Patel was the member of the group of some rich spoiled women They were always there talking explict contents. This was one of the day's when they were there talking their sex lives.

Mrs Patel started, "He is always considering his own filth by directly attacking the clit with negligible foreplay and cumming way too early." All the ladies in the salon laughed on it. I continued to do my work without bating any eye much.

Mrs Mehta one of her friends added, "Atleast you get to enjoy the moment, my husband is too busy to even come home before the bed time. How can i make love when fully drowned in sleep?" The salon went off to giggles again. Mrs. Sharma and one more lady of their group also narrated some random problems with their sex lives.

Mrs Mehra readily refused all of them and said, "I experienced the same problem as you all but then i read something online, now i own my husband. I make him and allow him to cum in my own manner. I'm a mistress to her not a wife unlike you all. I wears the pants in my marriage." All the ladies in the salon excluding me gazed at her with full disbelief.

The words of Mrs. Mehra floated in my mind for long. The rest of the day went well. I made my way back home at early evening.

I was up early next morning dressed in my leggings and T-shirt for the jogging and gym, I asked Tushar to stay in bed just to relieve himself a bit more. Dressed in my grey kurti and black leggings I was all set for the salon, Tushar was still in stress following his work. I provided him the chance again to lit up our relationship by asking him to drop me Salon. He dropped me off to leave for work. It was no different. I was worried for him and his lack of control over himself.

I called Mrs. Mehra to ask her to pay a visit. She was there in my cabin at the early noon. Mrs Mehta was an elegant Indian lady in her very late thirties very close to forty. She had a bright tone in her voice, which could have let her win any battle in a soft tone. She was only a couple of inches shorter than me, just like a normal Indian woman. She always had bright coloured Sarees on her body with sleeveless blouses, exposing her bust and belly partially. Mrs Mehra utilized an entire hour to narrate about all of her relationship.

Mrs. Mehra was an attorney herself, married to one of her colleagues at work when they fell in love in their early twenties. She got in this relationship after his husband started to get too oriented with sex and his filthy nature leading to sleeping with escorts. She stepped in this relationship afterwards and turned him into her slave. She kept her teenage son and daughter away to London to let them stay out of any knowledge to this thing.

Mrs. Mehra narrated the beatings that she was inflicting on her husband right since the very beginning of their relationship a decade ago. I asked her about the ways to lit up her sex life. She went off saying, "Either you are satisfied the one way or the other." With this words initially, she spoke about how she fucked different men in her relationship. "My hubby is subby and a cuck", was all she spoke before turning her attention to many other scenarios of her relationship.

Mrs Mehra was like one of the every second woman you would pass by at the grocery store, but everybody has a darker side and she had the darkest one, I reckon. She recommended me the ways to ease the entry in this relationship.

I discussed the other necessary solutions. I had a great time laughing and goofing around with her. She prepared to leave. She recommended some sites and videos on the internet as well. After going all through them, I was all set for a solution to undo my relationship to normal.

I utilized all of the working hours and had a brief reading on the videos, sites and blogs she recommended to me. Tushar picked me up to drive us home together. He tried to initiate some conversation but I didn't join in. I was in no mood to get satisfied by a spark so I decided to keep digging for the fuel to lit up the fire again.

I changed myself to something comfortable. I asked Tushar to make the dinner, he did it readily. I asked him to go with the dishes, he went on it as well. I settled my back on the couch to lay myself partially on it. Tushar made his way towards the couch after going through the dishes. He approached with his face still drowned in the pond of stress. It was the first time I was going to imitate the hard one.

"Take the floor Tushar, I would like you to be there." I spoke by keeping away any eye contact with him. I never talked to him out of any dominance because it was always love between us. I had my heart beating at its worst. I was very curious to know about the happenings at the next minute.

Tushar sat on the floor for real, right at my feet. I had a cold heart out of pain due to the inferiority Tushar surrounded himself around with lately. I wanted to cry but it was no moment to get lighter from my side. I threw him one more at the very next minute,

"I had a hard day baby, I want you to do my feet to take the pain away." I threw my words at him. Tushar didn't give a thought for a second, and went to my feet to massage them. He was a slave to his growing inferiority. It was not the same man I married to, but I wanted it back and I had to pay the price. Tushar started to massage my feet. He did on it with light pressure. I asked Tushar to go all through my thighs. He pressed on it with all the care. He was such a gentleman at it.

I pulled Tushar by his head to lay his head on my belly, just under my boobs. I couldn't see his head properly with my full boobs blocking the view. He laid his right cheek on my belly. I rubbed his left cheek with my hand, also explored my hand inside his hairs. I started with a very low tone of care,

"How was the day baby?"

"It was not good." Tushar returned with an even softer voice.

I softly rubbed on his hairs before getting in the soft tone again, "What happened to my dear husband?"

"I couldn't focus in my work because I was much hungry after I skipped the lunch." Tushar said.

"What made you skip the lunch baby?" I touched on his cheek and stopped my hands there.

"I was depressed out of the fear of getting fired by my work due to the poor performances I put in the last month." It seemed like Tushar had all his buttons pushed to reveal everything going within him.

"Oh that's not cool baby, you should atleast try to get a good meal." I put on few light slaps on his cheek. Tushar rubbed his head on my belly before tightly squeezing my body in his arms. He spoke more about how he stops working all of a sudden and gets sad at every little matters. He had a small drop in his eye that wet my index finger. I sat on the couch crossing my legs on it. I held his face by his chin before slapping on his cheeks with very negligible impact,

"Tomorrow onwards my baby would focus on the meal or I would get very angry. Would you find it pleasing to angry me baby?" I spoke after coming close to his head.

"I would try to do it, baby." He spoke in a very low voice. I went forward to plant my lips on his. Tushar tried to get in the long kiss before I pulled myself back.

"Let's get to bed baby, it's getting late." Tushar left the floor to go to bed. I held him by his waist to take him to the room. Tushar laid at my side. He placed his hand on my ass to pull me through. I placed my one leg on his waist to get closer. We kissed for more than a minute. It was incredible to feel his tongue in my mouth. I broke the kiss. I held his head with my palms with our faces distant by just an inch.

"I see you have skipped a meal today baby. I would like to give you a special one before sleeping." Tushar smiled a little before I slid my Pajamas away from my bottom, exposing my pussy. "I would like you to get your meal with full attention without any left overs. I would like to feel your tongue in me baby, you could jerk yourself off while doing it." I stretched my legs wide saying that.

Tushar placed himself on the floor, with his head at the edge of the bed before my pussy. He settled his head between my legs. He hesitated at first. He licked my outer lips of the pussy, and I moaned loudly holding his head by pushing myself back. He dig his tongue in my pussy before starting to increase his pace. Tushar licked in and out of my pussy with some pace. He held his dick in one hand to jerk off on it. I laid on my back with my eyes closed to feel Tushar's tongue in my pussy.

He kept jerking off on his shaft. I was getting close to my second orgasm after getting in the tenth minute of Tushar worshipping my pussy. I leaked white fluid out of my pussy. Tushar also came out at the floor. I settled myself on the bed again.

"Clean the floor before climbing on the bed again baby." I was out of the worst chore orders. Tushar was never asked to even push the button of the washing machine. He left the room and came back with a wiping cloth out of the bathroom. Tushar started to clean the floor. I couldn't accept this man; change was inevitable. The brightest part about the moment was, 'I HAD THE CONTROL OVER HIM.'

Tushar came on the bed again. I held him under my head above my breasts, to cuddle him to sleep. Tushar caressed his cheeks under my neck, "I had a great time worshipping you baby. Thank you" was all he said before getting to sleep. Tushar didn't know about the things to come.

We worked out together in the morning. Tushar got the breakfast ready. I made him do the dishes again. I had to inflict my dominance more and I did it by offering him a ride to his office. Tushar didn't mind me doing it. I took the wheels to ride him to his work. I was getting in the driver seat slowly and steadily. I managed to get his mind on some more household chores like doing the clothes and cleaning the house. We had a healthy conversation before we reached his building. I kissed Tushar with a promise to pick him up on time.

I reached salon with a longing curiousness about the things to take place after getting back home. This shit was working by lifting my mood on the first day only. I attended many ladies in the day before the sun got in the shed again. I drove to pick Tushar from his work. He was there waiting for me already. I got out of the door to give him a lovely hug. Tushar replied with less intensity again, but I was not much bothered anymore.

I drove my way towards home. I didn't ask him about his day because I had a better place to ask that. I kept his focus going on the house works by telling him continuously about how the house goes dusty and the clothes remain undone by the washerwoman we appointed. Tushar showed some interest before I drove us home. We entered in the house.

He was just about to leave for the bathroom. I saw his stance towards the bathroom before speaking, "Remember what I told you about the washerwoman baby, she always leaves my clothes half cleaned in the bathroom. I have my lingerie in from the past week undone, I don't know who would get it done by this night?" I turned around with my back facing him, and walked some steps. I expected a quick reply from Tushar.

"I could be helpful baby. I would get your clothes done. I can't see you getting unsatisfied by anything." I was very glad listening to what just came out of his mouth. I just didn't stop here,

"Help me get out of these as well, and get it to the cleaning." Tushar nodded his head before starting to walk towards the bathroom. I followed him silently with a little smile on my cheeks. Tushar came on my back to hike my kurti up and get it away from body. He slid my leggings as well from the waist to leave me with just the panties. Tushar unclipped my bra and the panties to get them off. I asked him to be in his underwear to wash them off, he couldn't deny to any of my wise words. He stayed in his underwear whole time when washing, how ironic of a tale was this?

I did the dinner after coming back in the kitchen. I served the dinner on the table before Tushar came out of the bathroom. He had his shine back on his face. We ate together in the table. Tushar did start off with some conversations about the cleaning and washing stuff, but with some massive hmms... I showed off little interest in talking to him.

I was laid in the couch again. Tushar sat on the floor by himself, without me ordering him to do it. Tushar started to massage my legs.

"Use your tongue on my toe baby, they are tidy since this evening." I still overlooked for an eye contact. Tushar looked at my face for some seconds; when not getting a look back, he focused his tongue at my feet. Tushar licked all over my toe and fingers to lick the dust out of it. I felt a tingling sensation on my feet each time his tongue touched it. He did it for more than a minute. I made his head lie on my thigh.

I started touching his head and cheek gently before getting him in my conversations again.

"How were the office hours baby?" I spoke by gently touching his hairs.

"Not good, dear. I couldn't do much due to the fear hunting my conscience since very long now." Tushar spoke in a low voice. I felt bad for my hubby.

"I own you and if anyone is allowed to make good or bad of you, it is me and no-one else." Tushar stayed on my thighs but didn't uttered a thing.

I held his head by the side to pull it out of my thighs before me. "You don't understand I guess, baby." I raised my voice. I held his hairs strongly before inflicting a hard slap on his face to shout again, "Do you understand?"

"Yes, I do." He was shocked by my sudden change in behavior.

"Better." I kissed his forehead. I looked deeply in his eyes before starting again. "Did you do the meal properly baby?" I held his cheeks lightly.

Tushar started to face the floors again. "What happened baby, did you?" I spoke in a loud voice.

"I didn't." He moaned very softly. I couldn't believe what he just said. Holding my pitch high again. I spoke, "what are you?" I was trying to hold my anger back. Tushar didn't take his head up to face me. I forced him to look in my eyes.

"Are you any man? You go depressed on small things. You go crying on irrelevant shit. You couldn't even take your decision for good. What are you? Are you any man?" I yelled at him.

Before he could say anything in return, I started dropping hard slaps on his cheeks. I hit his nose, cheeks, chin wherever my hand reached in the heat of the moment. Tushar started crying on his knees. I slapped him for some seconds again. I was very angry.

Tushar didn't look in my eyes before I spoke, "Come in the room baby, I want to serve you the skipped meal." I slapped on his cheek again before leaving for the room. Tushar had his face all red due to my angry rage on it. He placed himself on the knees at the side of the bed. I order him to undo my pajamas, he did it deliberately. I could not hold on to much shit, and disciplining was needed here. I turned around at the side to let Tushar face my ass.

I pulled out the leather belt out of the side drawer. I locked his neck with the leather belt around it, I held him by the leash. He was forced to feel like a puppy.

"Time for your meal baby. Seek for my anus and give me a rim job. You are not allowed to stop until I say so." Tushar didn't think for anything before drowning his head between my ass cheeks. He forced his tongue deep in my asshole. I pulled him by the leather belt to get to the deepest possible. I could feel his tongue inside my bowel. Tushar was totally in my control. He jerked off being on the floor.

I released some low farts on him being there, I didn't care about how he felt. He was the one to opt for this relationship. Tushar licked on my asshole for a longer time. I felt bad for my husband being there at my filthy anus from such a long time. Tushar jerked off to come on the floor. I didn't mind that.

He cleaned the floor being much humiliated now. I enjoyed inflicting all this on him. He managed it with maturity, that was so pleasing to see. Tushar made his way towards the bed.

"Oh no, do you know why did you clean the floor today?" I said in a stern voice.

"No baby." He said in a low voice again full of fear.

"Because this is what is going to be the shit on which you would be laid upon from now on. If you can't handle your mediocrity, I won't find it convincing to share the same bed with you because you ain't the one I'm looking for right now." Regardless of what Tushar felt, I said all of it in a go. Tushar was very kind indeed to get to sleep on the floor without even a question. Tushar was embarrassed. He had a small tear in his eyes before he went to sleep on the floor.

We woke up in the morning. I gave him some chores that he never would have heard off, like doing the whole house. This restricted him from getting any workout in the morning. I went out alone.

I returned being much sweaty. I made Tushar to lick clean my sweat, he did it without a word. I got pleasured by his tongue inside the tub. We bathed together. I was in disbelief when he roamed his tongue on my sweaty skin. We got dressed for work. I dropped Tushar to work. He had a strange smile on his face, I didn't know why!

The day in the salon went fine. I headed back in the evening to pick Tushar up. I hugged him before getting in the car to leave. We had a quiet time on the way. I was much motivated to get the filth kick in.

"Tushar." I called him in a low voice.

"Jerk off baby, I think you are left unsatisfied after this morning." I said with a smile. Tushar wondered what I just said. I didn't notice a motion from his side for a minute. "Do I have to repeat?" I yelled in the car loudly. I pulled on the brake to stop the car in between. I took out the small leather crop from the side of my seat that I just ordered online with some more toys to play in the package as well.

I dropped the crop on his dick from his pants. Tushar breathed heavily of the pain to undo his pants quickly. "We have something to talk upon after reaching home, but till then get through this." Tushar held his dick to start rubbing on it. I dropped the crop in between, on his balls when he reduced his pace. He jerked off well. We had a traffic stop in a moment.

Tushar felt awkward after a group of ladies in the car next to us looked inside to him holding his erect dick. Tushar stopped doing it. He used both of his palms to hide it away from the sight of the ladies.

"They are not the ones who would reward you or punish you following the outcome of this moment baby!" Tushar was humiliated. He started to jerk off again being on the seat still in the sight of everyone. The traffic light turned green and we left. Tushar leaked cum out of his dick in the next minute. I laughed on him. He used one of the dirty clothes to rub his hands clean.

We reached home. I clearly was not getting away of any opportunity now. I had the iron melted, a hammering to break it was just needed and I didn't plan to back off.

I said Tushar straight away after entering inside,

"I want you here naked in 10 minutes baby. I have a package in the second drawer of the closet, bring it with you when coming here." I looked in his eyes.

"Okay I'm on it." Tushar said in a low tone before getting away from the scene. I had heartbeats at the worst with the most important part in our relationship coming in some moments, I was curious of the outcome. Tushar returned with all his 6 feet naked body before me. I held Tushar by his waist before me. "We have an important discussion to go through baby, are you ready?" I said after bringing him close to me. Tushar was shaking out of fear.

"Yes, I am" was all he said by looking straight in my eyes.

"Get bent across the table Tushar. I don't want you to pluck out any low strings to get away from the importance of this discussion." Tushar had a hard thought with what was just said. Tushar went away to lay partially across the three feet table we had next to the Television.

Tushar hanged his arms on both the sides of the table, his legs on the ground, and everything above the waist laid on the table. He was in a perfect balance. I opened the package to get the handcuff and legcuffs out. I took to his arms hanging at the sides, bringing his wrists closer under the table, I locked them together with the steel handcuffs. I locked both his feet to either of the legs of the table with two chain pad locks. Tushar was bound perfectly and in no state to move as the table was drilled with the ground.

Tushar had sweat all over his forehead to the fear of the things he had coming in the next minutes. I opened up the package. I took the leather whip out of the package. I pulled a chair before his face; settled on it with the whip still in my hands. Tushar had a sudden disbelief watching the leather whip in my hand. I gently rubbed my hands on his cheeks,

"How was the day baby?" I made him kiss my palms.

"It was fine baby," he said with his chin still struggling to move after being stuck directly to the top to the table.

"Did you work well?" I asked.

"I didn't, I again had these fears roaming in my head." Tushar spoke sluggishly.

"Why are you much bothered for your work baby? Are you scared of not earning?" I roamed my hand over his face gently.

"Yes, exactly baby, the same fear keeps going in my mind." Tushar put his one cheek on the table to find some comfort in speaking.

"But why do you? I could give you double the wage your present firm provides you with at the moment. My business makes nearly 1/10 of what that MNC makes dear in its whole. Earn or not you would still be the inferior one, babe." I had very cruel words out but those were needed.

"Anyways, did you had the lunch earlier?" I added.

"I didn't properly!" He was spitting things as I expected him to spit.

"That is not an issue, because you had a delicious lunch coming tonight." I spoke. I left the chair to start roaming around the table with the leather whip scratching the ground.

"I'm sick of your mediocre inferior attitude Tushar and you need to change it in my way." I rubbed the leather whip on his bare back.

He got tingled a bit, "What do you mean?"

I had everything in place. I said it all in enthusiasm, "You have to change your attitude towards your work. I need a more constructive minded husband unlike you who cries for mere stresses. I would fancy still wearing pants in this relationship like I always did, but with a husband material, not a wife one. I know what it takes to be a tough person, and I will train your way into this."

Tushar had enough sweat rolling down his face, "How would you do it?"

"I would enslave your way into this." I dropped the whip on his back. Tushar vibrated his body in pain. "You are no less than a wife for me right now. You are far away from being a man of even some basic qualities. I want to change your inferiority and lack of control; enslaving you is something I find right at the moment." I dropped two hard strokes on his inner thighs. Tushar shook in pain. "Are you really a man?" I shouted heavily by bending before his ears. "Say it, face the truth." Tushar managed to speak in a low voice, "No, I'm not."

I started laughing at him, I didn't lowered my voice, "Then what do you get to do, fuck or get fucked?" I placed my finger tip on his asshole. He moved his ass back. I slide my middle finger deep in his asshole. Tushar moaned heavily. He said in the lowest voice possible, "Get fucked!"

"Then that is what you are going to get." I placed the medium sized strap-on dildo on my leggings waist after getting it out of the package. Tushar stayed there with his body shaking in fear. I returned in the next minute. I hiked my kurti up to place the hanging portion on his back. I wanted him to feel like an Indian lady in the traditional avatar getting off to fuck his asshole. I introduced the rubber dildo in his asshole. Tushar moaned a little after the dildo entered in.

He was an anal virgin, so I had a tough time pushing the dildo in. I pushed the whole of the dildo in him, after spreading his anus with my fingers. I started to fuck his ass. I placed my one leg on the table to get a grip in his anus with my girl cock. Tushar had his moans raising as I went on to peg his well stretched ass. I fucked him brutally for more than a minute. I bent on his back to speak in his ears, "Are you really a husband that I deserve?"

"No." Tushar said struggling of the pain.

"I couldn't hear you, let me go again. Are you really a husband that could stand with me before the world?" I asked by raising my voice to a different pitch. I got the full dildo in his ass.

"No, I'm not." He answered very loudly struggling of the pain.

"Are you the man in this relationship?" I kicked in the games. I shoved the dildo in again.

"No, I'm not." He held his pitch high to tackle any repetitions again.

"Would you ever be able to resist yourself from getting fucked?" I stopped with the dildo just above his anus.

"I won't!" Tushar pulled his back by himself towards my girl cock to get it inside again. He moaned by bumping on my hips. I saw how much he enjoyed getting fucked. I could have burned his body on a bonfire with the inferiority he was going through, but I was supposed to stay calm and I did.

"Could ever get to fuck me again with this"? Saying that I bite his ears. I grabbed his cock after reaching with my one hand on it. I grabbed his waist to him bumping his back again to get fucked.

"I don't know." Saying that Tushar released a huge moan out of his mouth. I felt some hot thick liquid on my hand under his belly. He came with just my touch on his dick. I could have gone through a melt down but I was 'expected to go through the unexpected' as guided by Mrs Mehra. I bent towards his face with my rubber dick still in his asshole.

I started laughing loudly at Tushar.

"Now who would be cleaning this?" I kissed on his ear to let his thoughts going in my possession. I put my cum dripping hand close to his face to let him get the scent of it.

"I would do it!" Tushar went on to lick my palm. He licked all over my fingers and the backside of the palm. This was totally a different side of him. I stood my head at his ears.

"It's so ironic that how a young man like Adi could stand to not to cum for longer than you!" Even though Adi didn't, I wanted to throw the taunt over. Tushar stopped to pull himself on my back with what he heard. I sensed his unbelief to what I just said.

"Yes baby, I did fuck Adi few days ago when you were quite a slave to your meltdown in your head. Don't worry you would still get to see it when he comes to fuck me again tomorrow at our house in our very own room at our very own bed by being at your side. Atleast that boy has a more stable life than you baby." Tushar was the one to refer Adi for this job by being a good family friend to Adi's father. Tushar was drowned in the thought. I didn't stop there.

"He just won't be the only man you would get to see entering me, I would offer your side of the bed to many men in the long run before you get it back finally. I don't know how easy or tough it would be for you, only time will tell baby." Tushar was isolated more than ever. I enjoyed the fear on his face. He had a hard on again with all this.

Mrs Mehra asked me to get the next step in a quick succession after this one. I started to get prepared for it. I took my dildo out of his mouth. I went to his face with my dildo still hanging on my manly waist line.

"Men like you get to suck this cock. Now get on it slave." I spoke with all exquisite voice possible.

"Okay baby." I laughed at his words. "Don't you dare to baby me, I'm no less than just a mistress to you." I dropped the leather whip on his ass with some impact. I missed the target by some inches and whipped his thighs and back instead. I was new to this so it did ask some time to adapt myself in aiming for good.

"Okay mistress." Tushar managed to speak out of the pain on his body. He had a creepy red line on his body out of the whip. I aimed the dildo in his mouth. Tushar sucked on it passionately. I held his head to enter the entire dildo length in his mouth. I hit his face by my hips to get the full dildo in his mouth, it reached his throat. Tushar had some difficulties in breathing after I took it out. I removed the harness from my waist before placing the dildo back in the package.

"Would you ever take a decision by yourself in your life?" I stood at his back to drop the whip on his ass. It made a sharp striking sound with the ass skin that roamed throughout the whole house. Tushar cried out of the pain. I dropped few more before he could speak anything. Tushar said after struggling to breathe, "I won't, I won't."

I dropped the hardest intensity whip on his ass by shouting, "I won't, what?"

"I won't, mistress." Tushar was clearly brainwashed by now. I felt sorry for the man I loved, but I was forced to do it to get things back in shape. I felt like crying but I was not supposed to stop.

I dropped the whip for more than 30 times on his ass. I went off with different questions such as, "who would clean the house?", "Do slaves get to dress?", "Do you get to set your dick free?", "Would you mind me sleeping with other men?", "Would you hesitate in taking my pee in your mouth day in and day out?" With ever since the first strike to the thirtieth one, I went through all of it. Tushar answered to all of it in my favour. We were set to get away in this relationship.

The door bell rang in next minute. I pulled a sheet on his body to cover him up. I went to open the door after adjusting my kurti and leggings to normal. It was the dinner delivery which I ordered earlier. The delivery boy looked at the white sheet which was covering the table unevenly. I offered him a glass of water which he denied for. I paid the sum before he was gone, still with a suspicious look in his eyes concerning about the thing under the sheet.

I served the dinner in a single plate. I got in on the table before Tushar's head. I ate just a quarter of it while gave the rest to my tied hubby with my hands. I made him to eat with care before knowingly dropping some on the table in between the meal. I didn't help him with the dropped pieces to make him lick and eat like any living being unlike a human. I untied him before taking him to the bathroom alongside me.

Tushar got my leggings and kurti out of my body. Tushar laid himself on the floor. I mounted his face to confirm my domination on him. I pissed in his mouth. Tushar spilled some drops out after getting the taste of my piss for the first time. When pissing, I released a loud fart on his face to kick out the air I inhaled in. It was not a smelly one but had Tushar enough humiliated. He used the face wash before we went to the bed again.

He licked my pussy to few orgasms. He licked me clean by his tongue. I didn't allow him the bed. He slept on the floor with his ass covered with red welts. I took to the dog chain in the package to tie him by the collar to the bed. I wanted him to feel different starting from tonight. He drowned to sleep in a minute following the fatigued timetable of the day. I had my mind constantly on 'if all this was right' till the midnight. I woke Tushar up at midnight to sit on his face to pee again. I slept in some minutes.

I woke up in the morning. Tushar was still on the floor with his naked body squeezed to half of his height on the floor. He was drowned to a deep sleep. I went close to his ass. He had a back out of much red lines, but his ass was in a deep welts and cut from edges. I had a tear in my eye for real with what I just did the other night. I felt like hugging Tushar to apologize for my hardships upon him. I got on my knees to get in a deep crying, I kept on shedding double after getting my eyes on his welts. I held myself still with a thought of, "What I am doing? This is for his own good and for this relationship." The devil at my shoulder talked to me for a while. I searched for the angel on the other but I couldn't find any of it. I was much confident to the next step.

"Wake up slave." I nudged on his body. I still had a hoarse running under my throat due to the involvement in the crying earlier. Tushar opened up his eyes. He had a cute little nick on his face out of the squirm he experienced due to the pain on his butt. I slide my Pajamas down to get on his head with my exposed ass. I got my all 42 inches butt on his face. I pissed directly in his mouth. Tushar was much trained for it by now. I undid his collar from the bed.

"You are not allowed to get a workout anymore baby. You are supposed to stay at home to do all the house chores. I already called for the maid to vacant her place in this job after paying the full year's salary to her. I don't like to waste my money, so you would be here to get me revive the amount I paid in already." Tushar was sweaty again after listening.

"But I have a job to go through mistress? What about it?" Tushar had an obvious question towards me.

"I don't know about it baby. I am allowing you the car to help you in keeping pace with everything. You are supposed to reach home everyday at first to greet my way in by kneeling at your knees. I am the rightful queen of this empire or should I say king?" Tushar couldn't respond to what I threw against him. I changed myself to the fitness wears before heading the exit of the house.

I was out in a few seconds feeling a different power in myself with the cold morning breezes passing through my body. I had an enthusiastic but sweaty workout and jog. I was home in an hour finding Tushar doing the cleanings.

I called him "Tushar?"

He was before me in less than a minute, "Yes Mistress."

"Lick my arm pits and underarms clean baby, I couldn't take my mind off you to get in the workout deeper and deeper. It was a hard one." Tushar got at my back.

He got me out of the T-shirt. He licked all over my back to get the sweat out. Tushar got me out of my bra to lick all the sweat under my neck and belly. He licked my hairy arm pits cleaned. He bent down to slide my leggings off my bottom. He licked on my waist before getting drowned to the bottom. Tushar got me out of the sweat by exploring his tongue on my full legs through my leggings and doing the calves as well. He finally came on round ass with his tongue. Tushar licked all over my ass with his tongue. He licked my dirty sweat clean. I was much proud of my slave husband.

I grabbed his erect dick with my hand to jerk off on it. Tushar had a good time in getting to cum in less than a minute. He licked his cum from my hands as well. I allowed Tushar to wash away his mouth, before I started to have a bath and he went off to clean the house again. Tushar was much obedient in less than a day than what Mrs Mehra recommended about slave husbands. I had a much better feeling than morning.

I was getting my hairs dry with the towel after getting out of the bathroom. Tushar was cleaning the room being naked. I stood before the mirror before getting the evil on my shoulders again.

"Come here, slave." Tushar quickly came before me.

"Get in my pussy baby!" He didn't think for a second before getting on his knees to start tonguing my pussy. As soon as he came at my pussy, I unlocked the phone to click some mirror selfies with Tushar at my pussy. He didn't stop doing it. I leaked cum on my thighs before Tushar licked it away.

"Get your mistress' clothes ready for today slave. I know you could do it." Saying that I went to the bathroom again for some minor works. I made my way back in the minute. Tushar had my clothes ready on the bed.

He helped me to get my yellow plunge large cupped bra and panties on. Tushar knew definitely how to get a woman in the Saree after he helped me often with it before. He got my yellow blouse on my bra. Tushar rounded the yellow Saree all over my waist before settling the pallu over the shoulders to expose my blouse partially. The transparent yellow saree flaunted all of frontal from my half covered blouse to the belly. He helped me in the black heels, I looked much corporal. Tushar kissed my feet to give a nice sending off, I kissed his forehead to leave. I got on the wheels to paddle on the accelerator. It was a nice start to our official first day.

I didn't took the turn towards the salon but drove my way to Tushar's mother. She lived outside the city owning a dozen acres of land for farming with his father. They were the millionaire farmers. I knocked on the door. Tushar's mom opened the door. I touched to her feet for a 'Namastey' and bowed down in respect as stated by the Indian culture. She gave away her blessings to me. We hugged.

I always made a great bond with my 'Sasu-Ma' (Mother in law). She offered her sarcastic tone towards me with, "Kaafi patle ho gaye ho beta!" ('You have been quite skinny since we met the last time!'), even when knowing how much I gained in these last months. We laughed after cracking jokes against each other. There was this reason I paid her a visit.

She was the one that owned her son, she was the rightful authority before me in the order. I didn't want to step forward in this relationship without her proper consents. We had lunch together. I stayed there for the entire day laughing and wiggling on the pathetic jokes that we shared. She was an impulsive personality just like Tushar, the only difference came was her lack of power on herself. Funding in the right opportunity I spoke finally,

"There is something I want to talk to you with mummy ji!" I was shaking from inside.

"Yes beta (child) you should go ahead." I had a deep breathe before closing my eyes to give her every bit of information about what happened in the previous days. She didn't say anything for more than a minute after listening to it. "So what are your plans upon it beta?"

I closed my eyes to explain every piss play, humiliations, disciplining and cuckolding that I was going to inflict on him. I also showed her the mirror click from the morning. Mummy ji looked at my face for a long time before saying, "Well, fair enough beta. Tushar always had these problems in isolating himself subtly. I did beat him often as a child but now, you are his authority. Are you sure this would work?" She inquired about my accuracy.

"I have read everything online mummy ji, I have a strong sense of belief that it would." She walked across the room thinking about something. She finally came before me after her face lit up.

"I have clarified your way forward. I trust you beta for doing every good in the end. I would just be wanting to see my old son being back when I visit your place occasionally, and most importantly stay out of STDs, and to follow this shit up REFER SOME MALES TO ME AS WELL, his father is not getting any younger." We laughed loudly at her demand. I hugged my mother-in-law to a good bye. We readily hugged our bodies against each other. I prepared to leave. I drove my way back home. I was built on much confidence following mummy ji's words of wisdom. I reached home.

As soon as I could put the second step in, Tushar got on my feet to kneel down before me. Tushar kissed my feet, "Welcome mistress." I kissed his forehead in return. Tushar started to get me out of my heels. I kicked him backwards, he laid on the floor by his back. I placed my right leg on his chest to pinch my heel on his nipple. Tushar grinned in with a huge fuss. I ordered Tushar to get on his knees.

I held the 4 feet oak cane in my hands after taking it out from the side of the couch. This came with the package as well including an additional unused crop. I dropped the cane hardly on his ass leaving it with a red horizontal line on his skin.

"Crawl your way down to the corners to show me the cleanings that you done slave. Now get going quickly." I dropped the cane again hardly. Tushar started to crawl ahead of me. He went to the kitchen where the bed slices were spilled on the floor by the curious rats. "Could you explain this baby?"

Tushar started shaking, "I cleaned it before, you also know the ever present chaos of rats in our area Mistress." He defended himself with a low voice.

"You are supposed to clean this mess at your desired pace. I would continue to drop this wooden cane on your back until I find this floor untidy again." I said. Tushar was panicked by my words. He started rearranging the scraps together.

I dropped the first cane during the cleanings on his thighs. Tushar almost dropped on his back with its impact. I went on to do it again on his ass cheeks to remind him of his undone work. Tushar rearranged all the scraps in a bag to crawl his way to throw them in the bin quickly. I caned on his ass for more than 6 times by now. Tushar had welts all over his lower back.

He showed me various corners of the house and it was untidy all over there. I was much proud of his work. I kissed his forehead in appreciation. Tushar got his head inside my saree from the back to take all of my pee in his mouth. I stinky faced him for fun, it got him to laugh as well.

I dropped Tushar inverted on my knees to get on the smoothing cold ointment on his welts from last night and today. I gently massaged his ass with my hard palms. Tushar had a relieving moan from his mouth. I was just not done there. I held the hair trimmer in my hand which I got with me since laying him on the knees. I wanted to clean his Indian growth at the public region. I stretched his ass cheeks with my fingers. I touched all the way between his ass to sense his hairs to get the trimmer there. I cleaned all his hairs from between the ass and around the anus with his inner thighs.

I removed the hairs all over his testicles. I flipped Tushar on his back to clean his area around his dick. He was baby clean by now. I laid on the couch by my back. Tushar hiked my Saree to my waist to expose my ass and help me clean slight hairy regions between the ass. I choose to keep them around the pussy to always remind him of my status in the family. He cleaned the couch in a minute. I stayed there taking a huge sips on my Johnny Walker. He cleaned the floor until it was 20 minutes for the clock to tick 9.

I called Adi's mother to let her know of Adi working in the salon till late tonight. She always choose me to take care of her young son.

"I think you do remember of us having a guest tonight baby. Do you?" I said.

"Yes Mistress, Aditya is coming tonight to fuck you before my eyes." Tushar said after drowning his head on the floor to resist taking his head up even a bit.

"Why am I doing it? Is he the only one in the list? What does this act makes you?" I wanted Tushar to face the realities by himself.

"You want to show me how a real man fuck. He is not the only man in this list. This thing makes me a loser." Tushar lowered his voice as he kept on going.

"No baby, you are a CUCKOLD." I raised my voice when saying the word. Tushar didn't take his head up before shedding some thick drops of tears on the floor. I turned my eyes away from him because more of it could have made me change my mind. I loved this guy very very much. My voice was lowered a bit. "You place yourself in the cabinet under the ceiling. I don't want you before that young boy to not get him panicked after seeing you like this. Tushar went to climb his way to the cabinet. The door bell rang in a minute.

I opened the door. It was Adi on the other side. He opened his eyes wide to gaze at my full body. I sensed his bulge under the pants.

"You look hot ma'am." He said after taking on a huge breathe.

"So do you, young man." I went forward to hug him. Adi settled his hand on my waist to grab my big body in his arms.

"What about your husband?" Adi asked.

"He is not in the city for two nights straight and I didn't want my pussy to get to sleep without being fed.

"Does it means I have one another night to spare my way in again in you?" Adi had a curious smile on his face.

"No, only if you want all of your salary to cut into 5% son." I had the sarcastic laugh on my face.

"Oh I won't want that." Saying that Adi started to kiss on my lips. I held his cheeks to kiss him back passionately. Adi managed to push my body on the floor before turning me around to start kissing all over my back through my Saree. He bite on my ass through the saree. Adi kissed on my back neck and licked on my ears. I was very wet by now. Tushar couldn't have got any of these scenes by now, being in the room.

I removed his T-shirt from the top. Adi dropped my pallu off the shoulders to kiss on my partial boobs and the blouse. He kissed all over my stomach. I moaned highly as soon as his lips touched my bare belly. It was hot. He was such an innovative young man in making out. Adi came on his feet again to plant his lips on mine. He grabbed my boobs through the blouse with one hand. I pushed him away before leading him by his waist to our room.

I made Adi turn his back towards the cabinet, with me coming at his front. I fit my eyes at Tushar in the cabinet. Adi dropped my pallu down again to start kissing on my neck. He squeezed my ass through the Saree under his palms and kept kissing harder. I grabbed his ass in my palms by fitting my eyes with Tushar again. I moaned loudly with my eyes locked with Tushar. He was humiliated enough and tried to take his eyes away from me. Adi started to undo my Saree from my waist as well leaving me in just the blouse and petticoat.

He slide his hands under my petticoat to finger my pussy. I grabbed him tightly in my arms as soon he inserted his middle finger in it. Adi fingered me harder after planting his lips on mine again. I licked his tongue with all the affection. Adi dropped me on the bed after managing to lift my big body some inches from the ground. He was still a teenager with a skinnier physique. He pulled the blouse down my bust with the bra to expose my full breasts. He kissed on my brown spot and nipples for more than a minute before turning his attention to my pussy. Adi came between my legs.

He slide the petticoat down the legs with my underwear to leave me bottomless with my hairy pussy exposed. I came up to get Adi out of his pants. I threw it away. He pushed me back on the bed again. Adi stretched my legs to come between it. I put my hands on his waist to slide his underwear down. I pulled him over to make him sit at my breasts. I gave him a good sucking on his shaft. TUSHAR WAS GETTING A GOOD TOP VIEW OF ALL THIS FROM THE CABINET. I sucked his way down the balls.

Adi came between my legs again to penetrate his medium sized dick in my pussy. Adi moaned a little after sticking his body with mine. I locked my legs on his waist to let Adi get in with more clarity. Adi started to get his dick in and out of my vagina. I moaned out loudly after FITTING MY EYES WITH TUSHAR. He had a tear flowing down his cheeks. Adi hit his small waist on my hips to go in me with pace. We kissed harder. I placed my finger between his ass crack to get him in with more force. I whispered in his ears, "Get your boots tight, because you are not going to get it again."

Adi stopped shoving in, "so what is the need of the hurry then?" He said after kissing my chin. I wanted him to get inside harder but he flipped the game. Adi turned me around to lay on my back. He kissed on my full ass before entering his one finger in my anus. I didn't expect that, I had my eyes closed in affection as soon as I felt his finger tip in my asshole. He penetrated his dick in my vagina from the back.

"Are you a bitch?" Adi shoved his dick in. I didn't say anything. Entering his another finger in my anus he spoke loudly again, "Are you a bitch?" I had a massive moan out of the pleasure and pain in both the holes, "Oh yessss." was all I could moan loudly. "I couldn't hear you." Saying that he brought his third finger in as well with shoving his full dick harder in my pussy. "Oh yessssss" was all I cried out in the heat of the moment.

"Then you deserve this bitch." Adi took his dick out of my pussy and inserted it in my well stretched anus. He slide his finger in my pussy. I opened my mouth to moan in the loudest out of the pain I had on my anus. It was stretched brutally with his dick on the walls.

Adi started to anal fuck me with his dick. Adi laid himself fully on my back before kissing my lips from the back and fingered my pussy continuously. I cried loudly in the obvious pain with Adi as well joining in, still shoving in the harder spot. Adi released his hot seed in my asshole. I felt the hot liquid in my anus. He brought my pussy to an orgasm in the another minute after fingering in it. Adi dropped himself out of my back on the bed. He was breathing hardly out of the fatigued session. My anus was in a crude pain.

"Thank you so much for letting me share this moment with you, Ma'am." Adi came at my lips to kiss me.

"Pleasure is all mine Adi. You are a bad bad boy. Now get to your home, your mother must be worried. Thank you for coming, I will see you tomorrow." We kissed for another minute before Adi prepared to get dressed and move out. I stayed on the bed on my stomach to gather myself from the pain Adi inflicted upon me.

Tushar came down from the cabinet. I drowned his face in my asshole to lick all Adi's young seeds from my bowel. Tushar did it efficiently. He licked my cum clean from the pussy. I laid Tushar on his back in the bed, before mounting on his bigger dick to get it inside my pussy.

It was another feeling to have my husband fill his shaft in my pussy. I rode on his lap for sometime with my huge waist before he came as well. I drowned his head in my pussy to lick clean his own cum. I pissed in his mouth after that. Tushar had some tears falling down from his cheeks when slurping down my pee. I pulled him up by his head after he licked me clean.

Keeping his head on my chest I asked, "Who is the bitch baby?" I pulled the sheets on our bodies.

"I am!" Tushar kept crying for another minute on my chest, before I wiped away his tears from his cheeks. I kissed his forehead to hold him upon my body. I kept tapping on his head before he went to sleep. I slept as well after squeezing my son tightly in my arms. It would be such an interesting journey. ]]"

*************

I pushed the stop button on my recorder. I was left with goosebumps over all my body with a tear in my eye,

"Wow, it's enough for today. We have two more days to cope up. But can we know what about the next part?"

Hemangini drank two full glasses of wine following the grief she was going through, when narrating. She spoke in a low voice after wiping her tears away from the cheeks, "Yes Yes Avinash, I would tell you all about 'HOW I HEPLED HIM TO GET AWAY FROM THE DEPRAVITY AT WORK'."


"Okay Mrs. Hemangini. Uh-Oh 'Hemangini'." She laughed on it after leaving her heavy breaths aside. I kissed her daughter Kritika to a goodbye. As soon as I turned my back, Hemangini went chasing Kritika to indulge in a play. I was blessed to meet a strong lady like her. I couldn't wait for the next day to hear more from her. I opened the door to get outside.

Change is Good for Hemangini Ch. 02
byBriano82©

Introduction: This is the second part of the story about how an erotic columnist interviews Hemangini for his upcoming work on femdom. Hemangini dictates about how she changed her married life after turning her husband Tushar into a slave. The story is narrated by the columnist of his interviewing with Hemangini.

*****

I parked just outside Hemangini's lawn. I rang the door bell after walking my way towards the door steps. The door opened with Hemangini standing on the other side. She was in the meadow green kurti with a shiny black leggings at the bottom, her hairs were tied in a looped bun which again made her face shine like the jewel of a woman she was.

"Oh, looking lovely Hemangini." I said after making my way in.

"Haha, thank you Avinash ji (Ji is used after a name to show the respect credence to the person)!" Hemangini said after giving away a laugh.

"Ji? And I thought someone asked me not to be formal, such a shame!" We got into laughing harder in no time. We took our seats. Hemangini poured the wine in her glass. I held my tea before I spoke.

"Shall we?" I asked after taking out the recorder.

"Ofcourse Avinash."

I tapped the start button and the reel started rolling.

************

"[[ It had been 10 good days since I started to dominate on Tushar. I hurt him, punished him and also fucked his ass on random days in these period. I didn't cuckold him because I was still less confident for that thing. I woke up naked next to Tushar. He was still having a good grip of my shoulders and his cheek was layed on my right boob. He looked as lovely as the water flowing down from the hills from the edges between the fog and meadows.

I kissed his forehead. I nudged on his cheek with my finger before introducing a lovely light slap on it. Tushar opened his eyes partially. He settled himself between my pussy before my call. It's ten days past now since I introduced him into this new set of rules of life.

Tushar glued his mouth to my pussy. I locked my one leg on his head, before getting a good grip on his hairs. I closed my eyes to release all of the distilled water in his mouth. All of my pale golden shower was slurped in by him in a second.

"Thank you Mistress." Tushar said after getting on his knees under the bed. I stretched my body out of relaxation after getting up from the bed. I kissed his forehead. I grabbed Tushar by his waist after bringing him up from the floor. He held my shoulders after taking his hand from my back. We went to the bathroom. Tushar bathed while I got in my tracksuit to go out for workout.

I did some crude squatting with low weight-lifting to tone up my stout arms. I returned home in half an hour. Being naked, Tushar was still cleaning the hall floor. He left his work in between after catching the glimpses of me in the house.

Tushar came down quickly. I sat in the couch. Tushar leaned in towards me after settling himself on the knees. He started to lick my sweaty neck. He made his way at my underarms. He hiked my T-shirt up to lick the sweat around my belly. I did the T-shirt out of the top to make him lick all over my sweaty breasts. I knew how much Tushar loved my clothed legs and butt, because of his always visible intents since we got tied in the knot. My butt was almost triple the size of his face.

I turned around with my ass facing him. I asked him to worship my ass. Tushar started kissing my ass through the leggings. He pressed on it before getting deeper in his hunger for my butt. I closed my eyes in pleasure. Tushar kept kissing my 42 inched butt for another five minutes. He was fully covered between my ass.

I stopped him in between. Tushar pulled my leggings down as I instructed him to do. I made him stick his face at my asshole before I released a loud fart on his face. I didn't know hot or ridiculous it was but it was pleasing to humiliate him by the filthy traits.

It was the time when I bring in the another phase of my dominance on him, but this time it was to pull out positives from it regardless of my own pleasure. I came at his front with a gift. I handed him the wireless Bluetooth headset. Tushar had an obvious question in his eyes.

"This is for you slave." I looked in his eyes.

"What use is it of, Mistress?" Tushar asked sheepishly.

"You are supposed to wear them when getting before your bosses. It has a high voice catching power that could clearly make the 6-7 feet away noises audible. I'm sure this is the exact distances you could be keeping with your bosses. You are ought to give me a call when them or any other senior prick asks for your presence before them. Your words would be owned by me baby, I won't only control your words but also the pitch of it. Get dressed and get my attire ready as well. I'm up for shower baby." I patted on his ass once and left for the bathroom.

I stood under the shower to let the water hit my body. I felt a different energy in me with what was happening. I stayed there for sometime to gather my thoughts of what was actually happening in my life. I prepared to go out. Tushar soaked me dry with the towel.

He helped me get in my blue and grey pair of bra and underwear. He had these pairs of white and floral navy salwar chemise with the patiala dubatta at the top, he dressed me in it; I combed my open wavy hairs. Tushar looked fabulous as always in his corporal clothes.

I held him by his waist to hug him from side ways as we walked out of the house. I held Tushar at the door front by his ass to kiss him to a goodbye, he settled his hands just at my shoulders. We settled in our cars before leaving for our works. It was a great morning again. I didn't feel this positive since a very long time but still had something going in some corner of my head.

I went in the salon. I patted Adi on the top of his ass for a good morning. He was having a customer so he couldn't turn his head but just answered while working. I went in my cabin to do the files before I came out after taking a sip of the scotch. Wine was getting regular after stepping in this relationship. I kept working till afternoon. I attended some customers.

I saw my phone buzzing with Tushar's name flashing on it. I took the call.

"I'm supposed to meet my boss in 10 minutes, Mistress." Tushar spoke out of the creep he had in his voice.

"Get the headphone on your ear baby. I would be the one to guide you in your meeting. And you are supposed to go there in 15 minutes. Call me once you are at the inside of his cabin. See you." I was very confident of Tushar leaving his impression elegantly before his boss. I had an email from an old friend who was now a top attorney of the city. I had all the information about his boss by now, like what good he did, what bad? pros and cons, everything in whole.

I read all through it and I knew exactly what to do. Tushar called me in the 14th minute when he was about to enter in.

"Good morning Tushar." I heard his boss.

"Good morning." I spoke, Tushar repeated after me, "Good morning, SIR." It was not exactly what I asked him to say but it had to keep going.

"What date is it son?" Tushar's boss was a 65 years old bastard, so this tone was still fair.

"I am not sure." I said. Tushar stayed mum for a long second before speaking in a low voice, "I am not sure Sir." Tushar commited much errors already.

"What do you mean by I don't know?" His voice raised and echoed all over the room.

"I said I was not sure. Regardless of I do know it's 9th." Tushar kept on repeating after me. I had a cruel laugh in my head after the moment got created there. Tushar's boss was pissed in anger.

"Are you any concerned of what the situation is Tushar? But you are more concerned with getting in plays with me. Do you understand I could fire you right away?" He spoke in much harsh tone with my husband. I was really not convinced by it.

"My sheet is not as bad as the sheet last year that had the invoices set so absurdly in it that it ended up bankrupting our long corporate ally 'Sheetal Industries', Sir!"

Last year, Tushar's boss was guilty to have carried out the large scam by pick pocketing crores of rupees from their long time partners Sheetal Industries. He still had ongoing investigation on him. I thought this was enough to let him remember his scar and I was right.

"You know as a professional my hands were tied then. I was helpless, we still have the investigation going to find the accused one. Do you mean that it was carried out by me?" I heard his pitch down from the previous one, he sounded a bit offended by Tushar's knowledge of it.

"I'm just asking you to pass my sheet on Sir. This is the best shape it could get in." Tushar repeated after me. I didn't know about how good Tushar would have made the sheet, but his work was always above excellent in my knowledge from the past experiences.

"Okay okay, I take your submission for good. But from next time... it's okay you can go son." I punched in the air for a victory gesture. I clearly sensed the sweat on boss's forehead following his clumsy pitch out of fear.

"Thank you sir, have a nice day." Tushar spoke. Except the last one, I never asked Tushar to call out Sir but he still did. Tushar spoke after a minute.

"I couldn't believe how it happened, I have been trying since a week now. I couldn't believe either how easy it could get. Thank you mistress." Tushar sounded much happy. I was glad for his amusement. I sensed my husband from the past in his voice but it was not even the quarter we went through.

"It's okay. I will see you in the evening. I love you too slave." I hung up. I was very convinced with how things went. Tushar had many errors while repeating after but I don't know if it was totally in favour of the obedience. I planned to whip him out of his mistakes, but I had this confused vibe surrounding me.

Even when I had a good day, I was much in the mood swings with the awkward clumsiness going in my mind with the constant thought of if all this was very right. All of the pisses, punishments, pegging, farts, slaps was rounding my head. I was restless.

I picked the phone to dial to Mrs. Mehra. I asked her for a visit and she promised a visit after her court sessions. It was the evening when the salon just closed and every worker returned to their respective houses. Mrs. Mehra just parked her X1 in the parking lot. She was still in her white court Saree and the band around her neck. Making her way in my cabin she gave me a meeting hug.

"Yes yes, how can I help my fellow mistress?" Her first words, as soon as she touched me.

"I'm looking forward to Tushar's services as a slave for a longer time than I decided." I hurriedly spoke in a go still her in my arms.

"And?"

"And I'm nervous." I felt very low mentally. Mrs. Mehra gave a satirical laugh. She sat in the chair with her legs crossed.

"I always doubted your abilities Hemangini. This things are just not for the ladies of your age. It's heartfelt, but I think you should quit." My heart had a cold breeze as soon as she spoke of it, I heard my ego cracking down in pieces. "What?" was all I could say in a low voice again.

"Take a seat please." She said after pointing at the table side where her chair lied. I had a weird trembling when I made my way to the table. I sat just above her with my legs hanging down. Mrs. Mehra kept her hand at my right thigh before starting to speak.

"You have still not developed even the slightest attitude to make it into this personality dear. Mistresses don't fear or get nervous for anything." Saying that, she started rubbing her both the hands on my thighs. "These iron legs." She dragged her hands on my hips and waist before ending at my boobs and squeezing it under her palms, "These bust". She got her hands more upwards before finally placing them on my cheeks, "And this cruel beauty. ALL THESE ARE OF NO USE." She raised her voice by grinding her teeth and dropped her hand on my cheeks for a hard pat which almost felt like a slap.

Considering her personality, Mrs. Mehra had a tough voice of a blunt attorney. I was very ashamed; I had my heart beating at a very fast rate after hearing to all this from her. She left her seat to bent forward towards me with her head coming closer. I didn't manage an eye contact with her. Before I could move my head to the side, She spit on my face. I felt her thick fluid rolling all over my nose and cheek. I was shocked by her gesture. Mrs. Mehra held my chin with a tight grip before speaking,

"You are fake." I closed my eyes in grief. Mrs. Mehra threw her spit on my face again. I was not much convinced after feeling it on my face again, "You are fake." Before I could open my eyes, she yet again spit on my face. I had my fist closed in anger as soon as I felt it for the third time on my face. Mrs. Mehra nudged me heavily on my shoulders to make me fall backwards before getting straight on her feet again. "You are fake and a waste of time."

Mrs. Mehra started to head towards the door before I spoke in a low voice with a little gnash between my teeth, "I'M NOT FAKE." "You are dear." I had my head boiling in anger with her rude replies. She started to gather her stuffs to start making her way out. I said it again in a raised tone, "I am not fake." She ironically smiled at me and kept walking. I couldn't believe the inferiority she inflicted on me, I never felt this angry before in my life.

Mrs. Mehra was just on the door before I left the table to approach her in my angry rage. I turned Mrs. Mehra around before holding her chin with my hand and sticking her to the wall. I was well built and four inches taller than her. I yelled after getting close to her face, "I AM NOT FAKE, BITCH." She still had the little laugh on her face and she said, "Being strong doesn't means being real. You lack attitude dear."

I got my grip on her chin tighter. Her chin had the red marks on it of my fingers' pressure being very tight. I lifted her up from the ground with my strength. I dropped a hard slap on her cheek. She didn't get away from the laugh on her cheeks, she kept looking in my eyes. I was more angry by it. I got her away from the wall before dropping her down cruelly on the table. I laid myself on her and got on her top.

"How do you feel now?" I yelled at her face again.

"This rage is temporary, Hemangini. This is not you. YOU ARE FAKE." Saying that, she spit on my face again.

I had my conscience faded in it's whole, I was very furious at her. I brought two more hard slaps on her face and yelled again, "How dare you?". Mrs. Mehra had a little tear in her eyes with my raining rage upon her. I yelled at her with the loudest pitch till now, "It's you who will clean my face now, now get to it bitch."

"Ain't you nervous now, Hemangini?" I stopped as soon as Mrs Mehra spoke, I was brought back to my conscience. I had my eyes wide, after realising to what I did in the last few minutes in the heat of the moment. Before I could speak anything she brought me closer from my face. "This is the real you, this is the real you and I'm proud of you bitch, now let me help you with this." Saying that Mrs Mehra brought me closer to her.

She licked clean all of her spit from my face. As soon as she reached around my lips, she entered her tongue in my mouth. Our lips met and we began to kiss. We grabbed each other from our busts before getting into a deep and wet kissing for few more minutes. I entered my fingers in her saree before settling it in her pussy, she dig her two fingers in my pussy from my salwar. We fingered each other and kept moaning in pleasure.

Mrs Mehra just stopped in between followed by a low voice, "You are fake." She oozed out an impulsive smirk on her cheeks.

I spit at her face before slowly licking it off her face with my tongue and said, "I'm not." We got into a huge and loud laughter. We kissed for more than a minute again and came up from the table. I hugged Mrs. Mehra before whispering in her ears, "I cannot wait to see you again, Mistress." She got her hands on my ass through the salwar and pressed on it with a smile. She adjusted her Saree back and made her way out.

I headed back home. Before reaching home, I stopped by at a cafe to meet Prakhar. Prakhar was the attorney friend who helped me with Tushar's bosses information. He was the guy whom I always thought of dating in my college days, until I met Tushar and we got tied in the knot. He waited for me outside the cafe.

Prakhar approached to greet me with a light hug. We were friends since many years now. I had a nice little chat with him before the vital part began.

"I don't know how to thank you enough dear!" I exclaimed.

"It's okay, Hema. I did what I was supposed to do as a friend." Prakhar spoke out of his decency.

"Are you seeing anyone?" I asked him out of the blue.

"Umm.. no, not lately, why?"

"Then allow me to thank you tomorrow night dear. No flower vase is needed, just bring the extra rubber and stamina with you." I smirked at him. Prakhar was very confused by my words.

"But you are married Hema, ain't you?"

"I would mail you with all the possible details about it dear. I'm looking forward towards tomorrow night. See you!" I hugged him lightly to bade him a goodnight. I was not going to hesitate in opening up my relationship before him as he was more of a sensible mature guy with an understanding level above Adi. I drove my way towards home.

Being naked, Tushar greeted me inside by kneeling down on the floor. He started to kiss my feet for a welcome. I patted on his head. I offered my feet to him, Tushar licked on my thumb in affection. I noticed his asshole quite visible from his crack after it was widened up from the abuse. I stayed at the door front, before letting him know about my urgency to pee.

Tushar slid my lehenga down with my underwear. I mounted on his head and pissed directly in his mouth. Tushar gulped all of it down obediently. I kissed his forehead to leave for the bathroom. I came out changed in my sleep wears while Tushar prepared the dinner. I had the disciplining sessions prepared after the dinner. Tushar was no less than a professional chef in Bengali food.

I allowed him a normal dinner by being on the opposite side of the table. He prepared the masala fried pomfret fish curry with the traditional rice. We ate on it with all of our amusement. 'Delicious' word could have not been enough to explain Tushar's recipe. I finished my dinner. Tushar was about to get his rice done before the devil at my shoulder kicked in.

I held his plate and poured the handful of remaining rice on the table. Tushar gazed at me with confused eyes. "Finish your dinner and clean the bathroom. I want to see you at our judicial table in 15 minutes. I would get the plates done and remembe, no hands involved." Saying that, I poured my left overs on the table as well. I smiled before his face after getting the plates from the table and then in the kitchen. Tushar licked all the rice and my left over curry and rice from the table with his tongue. I enjoyed the view from the sink.

Tushar met me at the judicial table. I cuffed his hands under the table after locking his feet with the legs of the table. Tushar had his body above the waist laid on the entire table with just his hips at the edge, exposing his full ass. Tushar had a little shaking on his body out of the creepy rollercoaster he was going to be in. I stood at his back just behind his butt. I explored my hand all over his butt. I loved my husband in reality and that was the reason I had him going through this.

I exerted a tight spank on his ass cheek with my hand, Tushar breathe heavily. I got my hand roaming deeper in his bottom before stopping just at his testicles. I ran my nails gently on his filled testicles. He responded with a large fuss.

"Thoughts on today's scenes baby?" I asked Tushar.

"I'm sure you would save me from every harmful energy out there. I'm thankful of you being a part of my miserable life. I love you mistress." He had a lovely and pleasing pitch in his throat. I had a cold feeling running in my nerves after hearing to Tushar.

"But who would save you from me, slave?" I said after pushing my middle finger in his asshole. Tushar dig his head on the table in ecstasy. I didn't plan to fuck him. I got my finger out.

"I'm still not a good judge at performances but could you help to tell me how good were you today slave?" I asked.

"It would be a pleasure mistress." I kept my phone at the front of the table. All of his conversation with me was recorded in my phone. I played the full recording. Tushar listened to it very carefully since the beginning.

"Now tell me, How good you were slave? Did you repeat my words exactly after my speaking?"

"I overdid 'Sir' in all the lines

mistress." I loved his loyalty towards me.

"Is it acceptable?" We were heading there firmly.

"No Mistress." Tushar said.

I took the cane up from the ground. Tushar couldn't see me at the back so he had no idea of what was going to happen.

"So let it be like that then!" saying that I brought the thick cane on his ass with a greater intensity. It made a loud striking sound. Tushar vibrated in pain. "I think this is enough to make you learn, isn't it babe?" I was playing with his mind.

"I deserve more, Mistress." Tushar was heading exactly where I wanted him to. I brought it hard again on his ass. "I couldn't hear you?" I shouted.

"More" Tushar shouted in with the same pitch. I brought the cane again on his ass with him saying it loud again. I stopped at the fifteenth stroke on his ass. I yelled at him again, "Is this enough?". He had tears flowing down his cheeks due to the pain. Tushar spoke in a heavy breathing voice of crying, "More Mistress." I was filled in certain anger after Tushar was not willing to give up.

I aimed at his ass again for five more before finally having mercy on my poor husband. Tushar was crying in pain after his ass was fully covered with red parallel lines all over it. I wiped his tears from his face. I planted kissed at the side of his head, "Would you dare to disobey me again slave?"

"I won't mistress." Tushar spoke in the low tone with the grief still flowing from his eyes. I freed his body from the table. I held him from the side waist to take him in our bed. I hugged him with all the greatest love flowing down my veins for him. I stayed at the bottom while Tushar mounted on my top.

Tushar started kissing my neck. I placed his hand on my boobs, He returned by squeezing my all 36 inched bust in his palms. I closed my eyes in affection. He slid my shorts down my hips to expose my hairy pussy. Tushar stocked his finger in my pussy, before getting in a wet overlap of our lips. I licked on his tongue and kept eating his lips under my teeth. I already came in one orgasm with his quick fingers in and out of my pussy. Tushar started to come between my legs.

I held his 7 inched cock to drive it in my pussy. I moaned harder, once it fit inside and Tushar hit my cervix wall. I grabbed his body in my arms tightly. Tushar kept on increasing his pace with each stroke. No words could have described the feeling of my husband digging in my pussy. It was great to have him back for this time. Tushar fucked me for more than a minute before coming in me finally.

I sensed his thick lava jet on my cervix wall. We stayed in our arms for a long time to hug and catch our breathe. Tushar drowned in my pussy to lick away his cum from my thighs.

I held his head at my shoulders to cuddle him to sleep. Tushar rubbed his head on my boobs before speaking, "I'm so lucky to have you mistress."

"You might not be very lucky tomorrow or on random days baby when you see me with other men. You are still far away from the qualities of a husband with whom I could get laid-in every night." Before Tushar could speak anything, I slid my finger in his anus again and grabbed his chest to remind him of his position. Tushar closed his eyes in affection before I held him tighter in my arms to fall asleep. I kissed his forehead.

We had a decent start to the day. Tushar did his usual chores while took some time out to get me in the good pair of white leggings and blue kurti. After a nice breakfast, we fled to our respective works. I bade Adi and everyone in the salon a good morning. Entering my cabin, I quickly went online on the computer.

I took some good minutes to type to Prakhar all about my relationship. I also mentioned how Tushar would serve as a cuckold when Prakhar would be in my bed with me this evening. I had a formal reply from him with, "We would have a one to one in brief at your place. See you." I was not comfortable with this.

I had a descent working day. I helped Tushar in his meeting with one more of his seniors whom had a lawsuit filed against him few months ago. I decorated his dialogues again and made him repeat after me. Tushar again left a whelming impression against his seniors. It was a win-win for both of us.

Tushar welcomed me on his knees. I went to change while I sent him to get the dinner ready. We had our dinner by 8, Prakhar was expected to arrive in 90 minutes. I tightened my lace up once we were done eating our dinner. I allowed Tushar some loose shorts and a T-shirt.

I sat in the chair with Tushar right before me in the other. Looking straight into his eyes I started, "We have a guest coming tonight baby."

"Okay Mistress." I knew following his obedience, he won't ask much about it.

"It's one of my friends from the college days. He is the same attorney who revealed your bosses' secrets to me. It would just be a little thanking gesture to him by us. I am sure there is no reason to get offended there, isn't it?"

"Yes mistress, there is not." Tushar said as he looked down at the floor.

"You are expected to be present there before him. You might have to give him a blowjob on his asking because it's not only me who owes him a big thanking." I saw Tushar's legs shaking in enthusiasm as I spoke. "This is your obedience test, you know what you could have coming after failing at this." I nudged on his thighs lightly.

"I won't disappoint you, Mistress." I bent forward to grab him by his hairs and brought him closer to my face, "You better not." I kissed on his forehead before turning myself to the couch for some television before Prakhar's arrival. Tushar returned to his work silently after a minute of some deep thought.

The clock showed 20 minutes to Prakhar's arrival. I went to do my hairs a bit, I left it open and wavy. I laid it at the front on my shoulders ending just above my boobs. I showered the sprinkles of Clive Christian on my neck and body. I changed myself to the purple babydoll without any bra.

It fitted half my boobs in its single layer bust panel at both the sides and left them half bare. The fly away frontal panel of the chemise left my belly clearly visible through its triangular borders, it ended just above my royal blue satin panties, leaving the frontal underwear covering my pussy fully open. My navel was fully visible. The rear end of the chemise lied just at the top of my inner thighs; being transparent, it revealed all my back with the satin panties covering half of my butt skin from the middle, leaving it bare at the sides. My legs under the panties were entirely bare.

I heard the door bell ringing when I was just finished with my slutty lipstick. I opened the door to this huge 6'2 handsome man with a black rose in his hand. I was startled by his choice of bequest. Prakhar kept looking at me for a minute by fluctuating his eyes a dozen of times on my half bare body and under the chemise.

"Oh you Hema!" He said after breathing heavily, "This is tantalizing me from top to bottom, You look very hot." I noticed his hard-on taken the shape inside his pants. I leaned forward to hug and kiss him on his cheeks. I got him in.

"Black rose?"

"Oh yes, this is to honour this dark side of yours that you are keeping inside of you Mistress Hemangini, isn't it what he calls you with? And having said that, where is he?"

"Haha, yes I make him call me this way. It's a constant remainder of our roles, he would be here at any minute after cleaning the garden." I said.

"I was okay with all of it, but here is this one thing bothering me since morning, Do you really piss in him Hemangini?" Prakhar had a curious look in his eyes.

"Yes twice on mandates and raises at times." I said.

"Ughh, could I have a drink? A more filtered one I reckon, not a pale distilled!" He smirked a bit saying that. I got into a laughter before Tushar arrived before us. He had his eyes rolling on my babydoll which has been used often in the past for our sexual activities.

"Tushar, bring the moscato in three half glasses baby. Do it in two minutes!" I commanded Tushar softly. Prakhar had his eyes rolling in curiosity at Tushar. He brought the drinks at the table in less than a minute. Tushar handed the glasses to us.

"You can have your glass as well baby, when helping Prakhar out of his shoes." I commanded him again. Tushar had his head down in obedience. He got on the floor to start doing his shoes out of his feet. I laid my legs on Tushar's shoulders while got my hands on Prakhar's waist. I pulled him over to begin to kiss him on his well shaped lips.

He replied in the no less intensity, we started to feel our wet lips with more clarity on each other. I had my side vision rolling over at Tushar when he lied down with the pleasing humiliated look in his eyes. I rubbed my legs on his shoulders while rubbed Prakhar's dick from his pants, he got his hands on my bare belly before taking it under my chemise top to feel my breasts under his palms. I got him up to take him in the bedroom, Tushar followed us.

We stood at the edge of the bed. I brought Prakhar closer, to start eating his lips again. He licked on my lips and grabbed my butt through the satin panties under the chemise. I entered my tongue in his mouth and our tongues danced upon each other. He started to take his hands to his pant's button before I stopped him.

I brought Tushar at our side, "I want you to undress Prakhar, and then get naked yourself before sitting at the edge. Start right now." I commanded Tushar and without giving a second look at him, I started kissing him again.

Tushar unbuttoned his pants from the side and slid it down his waist, he did his underwear too before leaving Prakhar naked with his 8 inched shaft exposed. I stared at it with all the glare in my eyes. Prakhar had a little fuss after watching Tushar's welts following his punishment last night.

I held Prakhar's dick in my hands and said, "Come on baby, blow on this fantastic thing." Prakhar had his eyes in amazement again while Tushar was lying there shocked on the ground.

After few second of him unmoved, I grabbed him by his hairs to pull him closer to his dick. I placed the dick in his mouth, Tushar had his eyes in tears as soon as he started to get it in and out of his mouth. I had the slightest cold feeling in my stomach, but that was gone until Prakhar approached me again.

I came from Tushar's back to hit his head with my hips to get his penis more in his mouth before starting to kiss him again. My lower lip went sore after the hard and intense kissing with Prakhar. I stopped Tushar in his 3rd minute of sucking. He had tears covered all over his face. Tushar lied at the edge of the bed while I pushed Prakhar on the bed.

I took the top and began to kiss his neck harder. I rested a bit in between to have a good luck at Tushar under the bed before going in again. He got his hands on my satin panties and started to slide it off my hips. He slid my babydoll down as well to expose my full boobs.

Prakhar started to kiss on my boobs. I moved a bit until he placed me in his bottom. He kissed my neck harder. I moaned in pleasure as soon as he left some giant teeth digging on my neck. He unbuttoned the chemise from my waist. I rolled the condom on his penis.

Prakhar started to come down with more intensity than I ever felt in my vagina. I felt his dick stretching my hole fully in its size. I held him tightly by his back, I moaned in much pain. He got me on his all fours before getting in me with all his strength. He hit my butt with his hips while stroked it in harder. I kneeled forward to kiss Tushar at the edge, he kissed back with less intensity.

Prakhar laid me on the stomach in the bed, being on my top from the top, he forced it in with more power. My bottom hurt more by the striking of his hips on it with much intensity. I kept moaning in the pleasure and pain. Prakhar leaned in with his face at my head, he fondled his hands on my breasts and hugged my body entirely from behind, sending some rough thrusts in my vagina from his penis.

He began to slow doing on my top, hitting my ass with a lower speed, Prakhar came out. I was bailed out from the pain he was inflicting on my vagina in these minutes. I laid on the bed at his side. He got up to kiss me again for a minute.

I got Prakhar dressed up by Tushar. On my asking my poor husband licked his balls. We got into laughing after Prakhar cracked some relative political joke. I hugged him to a goodbye and a nice thanking. Prakhar kissed on Tushar's forehead after speaking out, "You are a very lucky man." I was amused out of the happy ending of this night.

I recalled Tushar on the bed. I allowed him to enter in my clit with his fantastic penis. We kissed and fucked each other in extreme missionary for sometimes before coming out. Tushar cleaned my cunt by licking our cum, I sent him to the floor to sleep, while I took the entire bed to fall asleep. I had a fantastic life lately.]]"

"Mmmmm... this is it for today I guess. It was.. sweaty." I said after a little smile.

"Oh yes it definitely was Avinash. I don't know how to choose my words to end this in the last session. I would find a way." I saw a little tear flowing down her cheeks under her low voice.

"Are you alright?" I said after handling her a glass of water. She took some sip of it before speaking after cleaning her throat,

"Yes I am alright. I will see you tomorrow." She took to her feet. I left my seat to give her the little handshake.

"Take care Hemangini."

"You too Avinash. See you." Saying that she left the room. I gathered my stuffs to prepare to leave. I had my heartbeats roaring in enthusiasm, waiting for the next day was the obvious choice. I left from the door with my enthusiasm running high.

Change is Good for Hemangini Ch. 03
byBriano82©

Introduction : Avinash continues to interview Hemangini for his new writing. As she pursues with her story, the revelation at the next stage tends to get harrowing from where it started. She welcomes him into an all new ambience which leaves Avinash in the absolute stupor.

I would just like to add an advanced disclaimer to any Indian religious reader advancing to this part. This part of the story doesn't directly or indirectly intends to cause offensive desolation to any religious beliefs or customs. SEX ON A DIWALI NIGHT HAS NEVER HURT ANYONE. Every tiers of sweet criticisms are always welcomed. Thank you.

Chapter 3

I met Hemangini just at the hour mark before sunset. It was unusual for me to hold the sessions at this time. She welcomed into her centrally air conditioned living room. I took the seat on the couch. She presented me with the coffee.

In her loose polo and blue joggers, Hemangini spoke after taking a sip at her coffee, "We shall begin now."

"Sure Mistress." We shared a smirk before she started to speak.

[[""It was the completion of our one month since getting into this relationship. Tushar couldn't have imagined how changed his life would be on this day before exactly a year. In these 30 days I caned him for his wrong doings, maintenance spanking over the knees sometimes. I choose more than 5 guys in this period to have sex with me in the bed before his eyes, he showed his obedience everytime by giving them blowjobs and rimjobs. From the business colleagues to my muscular gym trainer, everyone was now aware of my role in our family. He had totally adapted this life.

Tushar started cleaning the floor right after waking up from my side. He worked hard to earn his place in the bed again. I woke up after few minutes. As soon as I started to move out of the bed, he placed himself on the knees at the floor. I walked few steps to reach to Tushar. Hanging my one leg from his shoulder, I mounted on his head with my pussy sealed to his mouth. I yawned in a large fuss to empty my bladder directly in him. I leaned down to kiss on his cheeks before entering the bathroom.

I got my track suite on to go out for my regular workout sessions. I lifted more than 30 pounds in each arm, before doing the substantial shoulders' exercises. Being 5'10, I weighed close to 71 Kgs, the augmentations in my physique was more than my husband by now. I was at the heights of confidence in my life.

I came back home after an hour. Tushar was cleaning the kitchen counter, he quickly wrapped his work off and approached me quickly after watching me entering in. He helped me out of my shoes and held my socks covering feet in his hands.

"Use your tongue baby." I said after raising my feet at his face. He started to do as he was told. He held my one foot in his hands. He started licking the foot through the socks after roaming his tongue over it. I laid back on the couch with him keeping on doing it for a minute. He licked at my toe and the entire sole, it gave me a massive tingle over the entire body. He was turning an expert.

I ordered him to remove the socks from my feet using his teeth, and he was very accurate at it. He licked on my entire bare sole; I asked him to stop.

It was a Sunday morning, and both of us didn't had to go to work. We were expecting some guests in the afternoon, we had to prepare the meal for them. I stood under the shower feeling the water hitting my body. I soaped all over my boobs and pussy. I fragrant my ass with the extra sanitising soap on it. I had a long relieving shower. I laid in the bath tub in the additional times to fuck myself with the dildo I entered frequently in his ass. I got out in some time.

He got my attire ready for the day. While I was just done with soaking my body dry with the towel, He helped me to get in the undergarments with the bright orange kurti and three coloured cheetah leggings at the bottom. He always knew how to sparkle me up. I allowed him to get in some pair of loose T-shirt and boxers.

Both of us had quite a playful time in the kitchen. We prepared the lunch together for the guests. The doorbell rang exactly at 12 noon. I was in no mood to go through the boring guests without any entertainment. I kept Tushar under the dining table near to my chair. We had a substantially tall dining table standing between 3.5-4 feet. Tushar was hidden comfortably under it.

There were one old aged pair of uncle and aunty of Tushar as our guests. I solely welcomed them. I told them about Tushar's unavailability due to some circumstantial urgency at work. I offered them the meal at the dining table. I settled myself in my chair, while got them sitted before me at the other end of the table. Tushar was placed just at the end of my legs.

I did some community chat with them and also about the upcoming 'Durga Pooja' fest. Uncle and aunty praised my good physique and the beauty hanging down my face, I thanked them for their kind words. I didn't let Tushar to have much comfort being under the table. I got him to smooch my pouched calves from the leggings, Tushar did it perfectly after inverting his head to the end of my leg. He opened his mouth wide to get my plumped calves between his lips. He licked them through my leggings from under tha table, while I continued the conversation.

I made him kiss my thighs under the table. He started to suck with some hard grip of his lips on my cheetah leggings over the thigh skin. I embedded my other foot with the heel on inside his short length elastic shorts. I got my foot settled on his penis under his shorts. I used the heel edges to pinch on his balls inside the short, he glued his mouth on my thighs to breathe harder and resist the moans from coming out. I didn't reach to much reactions following his discomfort inside his short, while held my head high to keep going with the conversation above the table.

Uncle-aunty did their lunch in no less than 30 minutes. I had my heels roaming around his anus by now after getting it all the way under his balls. Tushar was kissing on my wide bent knees through the leggings. As soon as they got themselves up from the table, I got my foot out of his shorts to drop them out of the house. I touched their feet and bade them a nice goodbye. I got him out from inside the dining table. I placed Tushar at the edge of the couch on the floor. I headed towards the room.

I came back at the couch with the small ring box. Tushar had his suspicious eyes on the box. I undid the box to take out the cock cage from it. Tushar had his feet shaking automatically after getting the glimpses of the cock cage. I ordered Tushar to settle his hands at the back.

With his head just at the edge of the couch, I sat down on his face. The leggings under the bottom of kurti stuck over his face. His head was well covered under my very wide hips. I placed my either heels on his thighs while bent down to hold his balls in my hand. I inserted the steel ring over it. I put his dick in the aluminum cage before locking it with the ring through a tiny pad lock. He was getting suffocated under my bottom, I shaken my big butt over his face to make the most out of it. I started to unmount from his face, his face was red bruised as soon as I got off.

He had much creep roaming in his eyes as he watched his penis locked inside the cage. I ordered him to follow me. Tushar had his feet moving in some discomfort due to the additional load of the cage over his pubic region. I bent him over at the face of the bed with his feet on the ground.

Tushar watched me with some dismay ranging around his eyeballs as I took out the harness from the drawer with the dildo hanging down from it. I stood before the mirror to get the strap-on perfectly over my leggings. I hiked my kurti up to get it out of my top from the head. I did my bra out as well to leave myself completely topless with my boobs hanging from the top. The strap-on dildo stood tall over my hips.

Tushar watched me with distinct enthusiasm as I walked near to him. I got at his back. He was bent forward with his butt sticking out of his back. I held the elastic over his hip to take the shorts down to expose his fair manly ass. I patted on his ass to some light and loud smacks to echo the striking throughout the entire room. I stretched his butt to get his hole in the view, I aimed the dildo head towards it. He moaned heavily when I stretched his anus with my thick girl cock. I prepared to fuck him being topless like a 'MAN'.

With the heels on, my dick had a straight view to his anus. I started to fuck his ass with some hard initial strokes. Tushar started to moan harder as I got the entire 9 inched sized hitting his prostate wall inside. I placed my one leg on the bed to start hitting my hips on his butt with some more clarity. I placed half of the dick in him, while got the other half in and out of his hole with very hard pounding. Tushar was crying in pain due to his hole widen up to four times of its initial size.

He yelled loudly at the surprising prostate milking from his penis through the cage. He leaked cum all over the bed. I got my dick out of his anus; I stepped back. I held his head tightly to bring it down and stick it on the bed. Tushar cleaned his cum from the bed with his tongue. I kissed his forehead in return. I placed myself in the bed before calling him to join me in. I was topless with him fully naked. I held him in my arms under my neck to cuddle him to sleep. It was a Sunday to cherish forever.

Both of us went to our respective works the next day. I bade everyone a good morning. I again patted my lovable teen assistant Adi on just at the top of his ass to bade him, we shared some giggles before I got into the cabin. I turned the desktop on. I checked my mailbox with Miss Mehra's email shining at the very top, it was just sent before an hour.

"I miss you mistress, would love to see you at my place in two nights. Love xx." I was brought into a smile as soon as I read it. I replied to it in a minute, "It would be a pleasure, cannot wait. :)"

I thought for a second before figuring out what was there in two nights. It was the first 'Durga Pooja' night. According to our family rituals we were always expected to be there with our entire family. I was curious already. I did some light work. I had my mind all the day on Tushar's first day in the chastity cage at work.

We had a marriage to attend in the evening so I prepared to leave for home early. Tushar was also on his way back home early. After I helped him oftentimes in the meeting with his seniors on the phone, his reputation was well lifted. We didn't need to worry about it anymore. He still had a long way to go to come back into a neutral livelyhood.

I was home earlier than him this time out and it was fair enough because there was no time specified. I used the toilet seat to do my loo out. As soon as I came out, I saw Tushar entering in. He put his bag at a side before starting to come towards me. Tushar just ended at my legs by placing himself on the knees.

"I'm sorry Mistress, I didn't know about a fixed time to be present here for you. Please forgive me." Saying that, Tushar started to kiss my feet. I offered him my entire soles and he kept on doing it in it's whole. Though I was not provoked, I liked him feeling sorry about it. I stopped him in a few seconds.

I asked Tushar to get ready in a total gentleman's outfit leaving his slavery image behind. I asked for his help as I was preparing to wear a red satin lehenga with a blue silk choli at the top. I got naked before him. He did my undergarments and then the main lehenga choli with the pallu. I pinched his nipples in the process.

The pallu was covering more of my exposing bust from the low cut choli. All of my navel and shaped stomach was open in between. Some part of my bust was still bare under the pallu, I never found a perfect top to cover the whole up due to it's bigger size. Tushar was dressed to the gentleman he was in real. We headed to the marriage like a real power couple.

After reaching the place we were greeted by several relatives and friends, we went on to talk work, marriage, etc. I had some hungry males' attention as always, from the fatherly figures to their grandchildren, everyone rubbed on their crotches after the glimpses at my belly and bust. I was not strained about it anymore. I had my husband with me. After some minutes of tolerating the public, We had the shadi meal before us.

During the meal, I had my bladder full due to the lot of water consumption at the start. It was uncontrollable, "I need to pee Tushar." I said.

He was all stunned and attempted to move his head horizontally and asked, "Here? I don't know if it's appropriate mistress, you cannot." He was shaking in clumsiness.

"No idiot not among the public but I am surely not using the dirty toilet when I have you my slave."

Tushar led me to one of the unisex toilets. After taking the panties down, he straddled his head inside my lehenga. I released all the rich aroma in him. It was much relieving. Doing my panties up and lehenga down, we entered the hall again. We ate the dinner and started to leave for home after passing on our well wishes to the bride and the groom.

I took the wheels. I ordered him to come down the seat to lick me to some orgasms. He did it with very much care. I was still not over his obedience malfunctioning at the marriage.

"We are not done yet slave, you would be punished harder following your actions tonight." He knew what I was saying. Tushar was shivering already.

We reached home. I didn't even bother to change my lehenga-choli and called directly for my naked husband in the underground store-room of the house. Once he was there, I tied him to the chains which were drilled to both the sides of the room from the walls at the very beginning of our relationship but were still unused. I applied the nipple clamps on him.

"If I ask you for an urination, you are no fucking one to ask where? you will focus on finding a solution directly, Do you understand? You are a man of degraded qualities, how dare you to tell me what to do?" I yelled after holding his chin tightly under my palms. I held his balls and increased the pressure on it to squeeze it with my nails on it. Tushar struggled in pain.

He answered in a low voice, "I'm sorry, Mistress. I will look for a solution directly from here onwards."

"You will receive 15 on each cheek in two sessions twice, followed by your favourite chilli powder rub after each." That meant total 60 strikes, I was ready for it. I could see the creep roaming in his eyes already.

I whipped his ass brutally that made him scream out of pain followed by the chilli rub which made him cry out of the bad sufferings instantly. "Mercy Mistress, Mercy." He kept repeating the same during the entire period. Following the chilli rub on his welts and spanking in the hard impact twice in successions, I almost fainted him out of pain.

I left him there for an hour and returned with few drinks and snacks to energise my hubby up.

I asked Tushar to meet me upstairs as we had to discuss something.

I started with a gentle voice "Do you know why you have to suffer all this Tushar?"

"Yes mistress because of the lack of control I have over my stress which has me in an inferior state." He had a hard time in making his voice come out.

"Good, do you know by whom are you controlled?"

"You mistress." He answered.

"Come here." Saying this, I laid him over the ghaghra on my knees. I rubbed some cooling ointment on his ass. It was swelled badly but tackled itself from any cuts on the surface. We cuddled while I gave him a very lovely and romantic kiss. I slide down my choli from the top to expose my half bust. I let Tushar to suck on my nipples for some rewards. We were too tired to stay awake for any other minute, we fell asleep in a minute.

It was a rare occasion for me to wake up earlier than him the next day. Tushar was still asleep at my side. I leaned down to check on his butt. It was swelled from every edges with some thin cuts. I decided to take the day off to help him in his vaccinations. I let him stay in the bed longer while I got the chores around the house done.

I rubbed the cotton dipped in the antiseptic liquid on his welts after getting him laid properly on my knees. I did it few times in the day on regular 3 hours interval. I was rubbing the cotton on his butt after the dinner before he said,

"You have to go through a lot because of me Mistress. I'm very sorry." He said in a low voice.

"It's okay slave. I'm not bothered by it." I said after coming closer to kiss on his forehead. Tushar didn't let me go away and kept the hold at my head to plant a kiss on my lips. I raised my eyebrows before he stopped doing it. I smiled in a little smirk instantly to give him the green light. He started kissing me again. I got myself slowly laid on his waist to kiss him back after spreading my lips wider and wider and feeling all his lips on mine. We brought our tongues in action and continued to get more into smooching for some minutes.

Tushar started to slid my pajamas out of my hips. Sliding it down till my inner thighs, he slide my panties down as well. I held his erect tower in my hand. I got it in my vagina comfortably and began to ride on it. Tushar got a good grip on my hips to help it bounce down on his penis well. I moaned with each thrust of his penis inside my vagina. After a minute of making love to each other, both of us came down with a heavy load of cum.

I didn't let Tushar to leave his position. I sat on his face with my bare bottom. I fitted my clit to his mouth and leaned towards his body to let Tushar slurp in all his cum from my vagina. I stayed on his face for some additional fun.

I spread my ass cheeks wide before settling my anus just at the top of his nose. I rode on his face for sometime. I released him at intervals when he would start to move and moan absurdly from the suffocation inside my big bottom. Both of us got into laughing after every pit stops. I rode his face with my vagina to a very wet orgasm. He licked it clean with his tongue. I started to get off from his face.

Coming directly down my neck, he laid his head at my shoulder and placed his hands around my hips to grab me tightly. Being upwards, I plugged him firmly to my body. I slide my T-shirt down to let him suck on my nipples, he did with utmost amusement. With time, Tushar felt smaller and smaller under my body, I kissed on his forehead. He rubbed his cheek on my shoulder. We were off to sleep.

I checked on his welts after waking up, they were quite better then yesterday. I woke Tushar up. He fit his mouth at my urethra to sink down my pale distilled liquid under his throat.

We went to our respective works after taking our individual rides in our cars. I worked hard the entire day following my leave the previous day. I was looking forward to Mrs. Mehra and also the family get together before that. I started to leave for home just at the sunset. I hugged Adi to good bye. I was home in half an hour.

Tushar welcomed me in after coming at my feet. We entered the bathroom to take a bath together. Soaping and cleaning each other, we were out in half an hour. I had the dinner ordered which arrived after we were out. I stayed in my robe to eat it out. We got in the room to dress ourselves for the festive get together.

Tushar brought the Georgette white saree from the closet. He got me in the maroon floral blouse and white petticoat. I was supposed to get dressed in the purest form of the Bengali attire. He held the Saree with both of his hands and flattened the front of it. He tucked the end of the saree on the right side of my petticoat and brought it around the waist to the back side, tucked it in fully. He brought it towards the front after folding the saree in a broad pleat about the size of my mid rib and tucked the pleat in.

With all the golden ornaments i.e. the long flat necklace over my neck till the navel, thick earrings, thick waist chain on the Saree, I weighed three Kgs more than usual. My navel above my hips was clearly seen, with the blouse showing the brief crack of the breasts. After getting the big circled bindi on my forehead, I was much confident going in to the celebrations. Tushar dressed in the Kurta and traditional dhoti. We looked perfect together.

Tushar took the wheels to the venue. Being the billionaire family of the state, we organised the whole event for the area. We did the aarti (an action of worshipping) and also the aarti dance afterwards. We had a playful time at the event. I prayed for my husband's and everyone's well-being from the goddess herself. After an hour of proceedings we prepared to leave. Tushar called a cab for himself, before I prepared to go to Miss Mehra's. I drove my way to her home.

I rang the bell. The door got opened by a skinny short guy at the other end. He seemed to be in his early forties. He had a loose T-shirt and some short boxers in the bottom without any underwear. He seemed to be two inches shorter than me. Before I could say anything, Mrs. Mehra appeared from his back.

"Oww, Mistress is here!" She came up on her toes and hugged me. I leaned down to hug her back comfortably.

"I missed you Mrs. Mehra." I said.

"Not as much as me, Hemangini." She said by grabbing me just above my butt. We started laughing.

"This is Mehra, my husband." She pointed at the man that opened the door. I got my hand towards him to greet him to a hello.

"Uh-oh, won't you welcome Mistress Hemangini, slave?" Mrs. Mehra raised her voice towards her husband. He got down on his knees to touch my feet. I stopped him in between, "Just help me with my necklace, Mr. Mehra. It is too mainstream for me." I chuckled.

I took my place at the nearby sofa. He helped me out of my necklace from the top. He brought some glass of water, I gulped it down to take my thirst away.

"Do you treat him the same before everyone?" I asked to Mrs Mehra.

"No, it's just an exception before you and the no. of my bedtime lovers." She cleared the air.

After a minute of silence I lead my eyes to her and said, "Can I play?" I gave her a devilishly giggle.

"Sure Mistress." She smiled back.

I called her husband closer. He just arrived at the edge of the sofa. I rubbed my hands all over his loose short on his weaker hips. I pulled it down to expose his erection. It was a fairly medium sized cock not more than 5 inches. I nodded my index finger at it, it hanged down like a pendulum from his hips. I laughed at him, she joined me in.

I took his T-shirt out as well. I stood tall before him. His head ended just at my nose. Mrs Mehra left her seat. She pushed him aside to hold me directly by my shoulders. Getting her hand up at my head, she pulled it downwards. She fixed her lips on mine. She started to get in a quick overlap of her lips on mine, I kissed back. I replied her sluggishly. After a minute of kissing, she dropped my back and frontal pallu off my shoulders, leaving me just with the blouse at the top.

She started to kiss me again. Before I can kiss her back, she grabbed her husband by his hairs to get his face fixed at my butt. She started rubbing his face on my ass from the saree, and sticked her lips on mine again. I took her hand off his hairs, to start kissing on her lips. I took the control.

I shaken my big butt from the heavy saree all over his face, he went red bruised. I roamed my hands all over her back and placed it at her butt to pick Mrs. Mehra up in my arms, she seemed no heavy for me. I kept kissing her. I rubbed my butt roughly on her husband's face as he stayed on the ground.

I murmured in her ears, "Toys?"

"Sure, Mistress." Saying that, she got down of my arms and went in to her bedroom. I turned around to have a look on her husband, whom was looking at me already with his scared eyes. I leaned down to get him up by his head. As soon as he came up, I grabbed his dick in my hands. It got into my palm perfectly. I ran my fingers on his full balls.

Despite of his submissive role, he was a very attractive faced guy. He had a comparatively small set of palms and his arms were slender than mine. My one legged thigh above the knee was similar to his entire butt. I went closer to his head.

I grabbed his small ass under my palms to raise his feet on his toes and got his head facing mine. I placed my lips on his to kiss him. He was shaking in fear, he kissed back. I kept kissing him before placing his hand on my butt. He had his eyes rolling in excitement. He squeezed my ass through the saree with his small weaker palms of hands. He was rock hard.

Mrs Mehra came back in the meantime. Seeing her entering in, he attempted to get away from me. I didn't loosen my grip on his body. He stayed sticked to me and started to shake more as she came closer.

"He is surely a good boy, ain't he?" She said after patting him on his bare ass.

"He is, He is. I'm pretty sure he deserves some reward, don't you slave?" I tagged in a soft voice after looking in his eyes.

"Yes MA'AM, I do." He said with a very low tone.

"Look, even he is aware of it." Both of us started laughing. "Give him a nice blowing on his shaft, Mrs. Mehra. He deserves it." I said to her sternly on her face. She had the smile lessened on her cheeks.

"Sure Mistress." Saying that Mrs. Mehra got down on her knees. I placed his dick in her mouth. Her husband moaned in pleasure when she started sucking on it. I kissed him again once.

I held her head to bring it fiercely on his hips and take the entire dick in. Mrs Mehra looked at my face in shock, I ignored her staring and forced her head more on his dick. She was forced to deepthroat his dick in her mouth. He was moaning in pleasure with each thrust of his dick in her mouth. I stopped her from doing it after few seconds.

"Would you bring a bag from my car, Mrs. Mehra?" I said to her nicely.

"Sure Mistress." She replied in a gentle tone.

"Oh, but like this!" I went closer to her. I held her T-shirt in my hands and ripped it apart. I did the same to her pajamas as well, leaving her just in the bra and panties. Mrs. Mehra looked at me with some serious fear and astonishment. "Now you may proceed."

"I cannot go like this, Hemangini." She said in a low tone. I held her chin in my hands before dropping few sets of hard slaps on her face. I grabbed her hairs tightly to push her forward with force, that got her to fall on the ground.

"Who the fuck are you to disobey me? Now fuck off before I pill your skin off your body!" I shouted on her face. She had tears filled in her eyes. She started to leave from the front door in her lingerie. With quick steps outside, she opened the car door to get the bag out. She made her way in hurriedly X she had a loud and long breathing out of the marathon. I kissed her forehead in appreciation.

"Get in the bedroom slaves and take the floor. I would join you in afterwards." I said after sticking my eyes with both of them. Mrs Mehra had a fearful look on her face. They started to walk towards the room.

I undid the bag she brought in. I got the shiny latex catsuit out of it. Removing the Saree, blouse and the petticoat, I left myself just in my bra and panties. From the necklace at the top to the waistchain at the mid to my payal on the toes, I removed all the ornaments from my body.

I held the catsuit in my hand. I started to get my legs inside the suit to fit it at the bottom. I zipped the frontal portion of the suit completely till my camel toe. I did the back portion zipping as well, till the vagina opening at the end of my butt. I zipped the 3 inched, knee high stilettos in my feet till the knees, I was all set to get in. The tight suit showed my full thick hourglass figure with my butt getting out briefly from the back.

I got the leather whip out of her toys' box that she brought in earlier. I took it with me in the room. I walked in the room in my shiny latex catsuit with the whip in my hand. Mrs Mehra and her husband looked all over my body with uneasy curiousness.

I got the two dog chain belts out of the box. Doing both the collars around their necks, I held the chains in my hand. They were still on the floor. I dropped the whip on their bodies in a low strike, "You two are poor mediocre slaves. Amuse me with your skills slaves, if you don't intend the worst phases of your lives."

I got laid in the bed. "Let's get in the bed baby." I said after pulling the chain over her husband's neck. He turned his head to Mrs Mehra, she broke her eye contact with him and looked down on the floor with sheer embarrassment.

Holding his dick in my hand, I pulled him towards me by the chain. I slapped on his cheek heavily, "Don't you understand pig? I'm calling for you." I slapped him again. Both of them were red in humiliation. I locked him in my arms, and laid him at my opposite side to face me from eye to eye. He was a very weak man to handle. I started eating his lips forcibly. He kissed back shivering.

I kicked Mrs Mehra with my back feet before dragging her to my feet from the leash. She started kissing and licking on my stilettos. I kept smothering her husband with my lips, I didn't let him breathe for a while. I pulled Mrs. Mehra by her head with the chain to stop her head just at my gigantic bottom. I pulled the chain harder to forcibly rub her face on my ass, she had tears flowing down her cheeks. She started to kiss my shiny latex covered butt. I kept her head stuck to my butt.

I held her husband's dick in my palms before speaking, "Condom?" I said to him. He just leaned in at the side drawer of the bed to open it and take the packaged rubber cylinder out. I undid it from the pack to roll it over on his penis. I unzipped my rear end of the catsuit till my spine to expose my round big butt and the vagina hole from the back.

I laid myself on the stomach in the bed. I pulled him by the chain towards me to lay his short body entirely on my back. Due to the smaller height and comparatively low built up, he didn't adjust in quickly on my hulking figure. He grabbed his dick and slide it inside my pussy from the back. I breathed a bit heavily after his penis stretched my vagina from the back. He started to get his dick inside and outside of me in a descent pace. I placed Mrs. Mehra from the leash to lie on the bed at his back. She started to give him a rimjob on his asshole in sheer humiliation.

I pulled him towards me again by the chain to make him increase his pace. He fucked me with some hard thrust. He kept moaning harder, while I just laid in the bed with my cheeks glued on the bed in heavy breathing. I felt my cum dribbling down my legs. Mrs. Mehra continued to use her tongue on her husband's anus. He released a huge moan before filling the condom over his dick with the thick sticky white liquid. He was the worst man to ever have fucked me.

I got out of the bed. He was still laid in to catch his breathe while his wife licked his anus. I grabbed Mrs Mehra by her hairs to get her out of his back and laid her down in the bed. I undid the lingerie from her body. With the perfectly cupped little breasts over her flat tummy followed by the beautiful slender legs under the tummy, She had a very appealing body even in the early forties. She was placed in the bed. I got near to her husband's head before speaking in his ears,

"She sucked your dick, won't you return the favour to her slave?" He had a little hard dick inside his cum filled condom again. He started to mount on her body slowly. Mrs. Mehra was horny enough to stick him to her face and started biting his lips with some hard smoochings on them. I went to grab the pack of toys. I opened it up to look inside for the relevant things to play with.

I got the 8 inched strap on dildo on my waist through the latex suit. The couple, meanwhile was drowned to a wet romantic kiss in the bed. I went close to them. I dropped the whip on her husband's ass cheek and shouted, "This is not the desirable path to thank her pig. Use your thing." Saying that I brought the whip on his balls and the inner part of his cock. He shook in pain.

I mounted on the bed just at his back, I grabbed his miniature shoulders in my brawny palms. Holding his fresh erection over the condom, I had it slide inside her pussy. Mrs Mehra moaned in pleasure as soon as she felt his shaft inside her. He started fucking her. I pushed him down by his back neck, to lay down fully on his shorter body. Doing that, I slide my fingers in his anus to stretch it wide. He was stunned after feeling his anus stretched, he stopped thrusting inside her.

I stroked the whip on his ass cheeks again. He started to fuck her again. I brought the dildo hanging down my waist inside his anus. I entered it in it's whole. He cried in pain after the thick dildo stretched his anus to four times of its initial size.

I held his shoulders and started throbbing my rubber cock inside of his anus after impelling on his back. He continued to fuck her in missionary while I fucked his anus in the laying doggy after laying down fully on his back. The sound of their loud whining echoed from every wall of the house. I kept hitting my hips on his one third sized butt. Less than half of my hips' size hit his butt on each stroke.

Her husband kept fucking Mrs Mehra wife under him. I was laid over both of them. Holding his small ass under my palms, I kept on fucking his anus for a few moments before he came out again. The rubber cylinder on his dick was entirely filled with his white goo by now. I fucked his anus in few more thrusts while began to step back.

I pushed him aside to take a grip of Mrs. Mehra. I went close to her face and murmured in a hushed tone, "now say, who is fake?" I spit on her face. The thick liquid from my mouth dribbled down her side cheek, when she released a good smile from her cheeks, "Thank you Mistress."

I grabbed her waist tightly and turned her on her back. I pulled her head backwards by her hairs, to get her on the knees. I leaned forward on my knees to place the rubber dick in her pussy from the back. Getting it inside of her, I pulled her husband's head from the chain to make him worship my latex covered feet. I started to fuck her brutally in doggy style. She moaned in absolute pleasure with the big 8 inched digging in and out of her vagina. He licked my latex motioning bottom from the calves to the inner thighs. I stopped fucking her.

I placed both of them on their knees in the bed. Keeping their heads and bottom closer, I tied both of them with my waist chain and long necklace respectively. The necklace hanged just between their buttocks keeping their bottoms tied with each other, while my waist chain tied their heads close to each other. I held the leather whip strongly in my right palm.

I stepped back a little with the whip in my hand. They had their heads leaning forward out of any idea of what I held at their backs.

"You two are beyond worst at the mediocrities' slavery levels. Your performances were woeful than the worst. It's intolerant. 15 on both the cheeks to both of you my slaves." I bluntly said in a loud voice. I stepped back to bring the first strike on their hanged out butts. The striking sound on both the butts at once, echoed through the entire room. Miss Mehra cried in pain while her husband fussed loudly. I exerted a great laughter on them, they were taken down to a peg of vanquish.

I brought it down for the second strike after a couple of seconds halt, both of them moaned in heavy breathing. I kept on doing it, they were grumbled in more pain with each strike. I stopped at the 10th stroke. Mrs Mehra fell down on the bed from her knees. I went closer to them to separate their bodies away from each other. I untied the necklace and chain from their bodies. I threw Mrs. Mehra sideways while went to her husband's ear and said,

"Her remaining five are added to your bag of sufferings darling." I bite on his ears. He degraded his head at the bed while breathed heavily in the awe of the painful incomings.

I got on my feet again. I stepped back to aim at his solo ass in the view. I stroked the whip hardly on his ass. I increased the intensity and stopped just at the 20th stroke. He had tears flowing down his cheeks to inhale the pain in. He had his fair buttock filled in red diagonal lines from each edge. He grilled down on the bed after I was done.

I unzipped the catsuit from my body. "Help me get in my Saree please, Mrs Mehra." She raised herself gradually from the ground. We got out of the room. Her medium sized ass had creepy welts all over it. She helped me tuck the Saree in the petticoat around my waist. Placing the pallu at my front in the end, she got me perfectly in the Saree.

"I'm leaving these ornaments here as the only memory of this night, Mrs. Mehra. I hope you two had all the fun in the world." I said in a compassionate tone.

"Yes, we did. Keeping the gifts aside, I want to thank you for everything this night, Hemangini." She said in a tender tone. I placed my lips on her for the final time. She placed her husband before me to give me a nice farewell. I knew how to make it nicer, I undid the cum filled condom from his shrunk penis. I squeezed the inverted condom from the bottom to drop the thick white liquid on both of our feet in particular.

He got down on his knees to clean all his cum with his tongue from our feet. We laughed at him to keep kissing on our lips for the one last time. After he was done, I bent down to take my head closer to him. I kissed on his forehead, "I'm very proud of you slave." I said in a gentle tone. I kissed on his cheek. Calling my final goodbye, I got out from the door. "Great couple." was all I said, before getting into my A8 to start driving to home. It was a night to remember for long.

It was morning again when Tushar came at my side to wake me up. I held him by his cheeks before planting a good kiss on his cheeks. He slept at the door front after waiting for me for long the previous night. I mounted on his head after getting it inside my Saree. I pissed directly in his mouth with my golden shower down his throat. I got into the bathroom to take the shower.

My mind reflected to the previous night's incidents. I was in an initial smile on my cheeks. I didn't regret about gifting the precious two lakh rupees valued ornaments to them, they deserved it. I soaped myself all over my body and after a good shower, I came out.

Tushar got me in a nice pair of blue top and a white denim at the bottom. He got his cock cage under his pant perfectly. He had a very less energy running down his body since few days now, I still searched for the reasons behind it. Kissing his forehead once, I placed myself in the car to get away. He also headed for his work.

Alongside a series of good mornings, I got into my cabin. Mrs. Mehra hit my inbox at the top with another thanking. I replied her with "<3 :)". I started to work. I kept on attending the clients till the evening.

Our roles' switch continued as it should. I was growing more and more pleasant with Tushar. I did punish him harder on his mistakes while made him serve to my two new lovers in the bed. Tushar had some problems with his stamina lately, I found it weird. It was just one normal day when I dressed myself in my T-shirt and jeans to go to the salon. Tushar also went to his corporate sector.

Suddenly, I came across a whammy situation. I had a notion of sickness since the early afternoon. It went worst in the middle of the daytime. I entered the bathroom twice to throw up in the toilet. I felt a sudden unease till the evening. I drove my way to our family physician Doctor Seema.

She had my entire body check up for a while. She came up at my front with her reports in half an hour.


Placing herself on her knees at my chair, Doctor Seema hiked my T-shirt a bit to gently touch her palms on my little bulgy lower belly.

"Congratulations Hemangini, you are 9 weeks' pregnant." She said with a little smirk on her face. I had a disbelief to what was just said. My heart freeze as soon as I realised what she informed me. My heart was beating uncontrollably fast with the delighting vibe. I was on the heap of happiness.

"Having said that, How is Tushar? Strong man, I must say." She said with a questioning gesture.

"He is doing good. What would happen to him?" I managed to sound much fragile following the elation marathon inside my heart.

Doctor Seema attended a call in between. I couldn't wait to let Tushar know about it. I offer her my goodbye in a silent tone while she was on the phone. She waved her hand to me with a smile. I ran my way down to the car. I started to drive towards home. On the way, my mind kept reflecting about his reactions after I deliver the news to him. After all, this was a dream come true for us, to breed a child of our own. I drove as quickly as I could.

As soon as I reached the lawn, I saw some ward boys coming out of our front door, surrounded around a stretcher which was carrying someone. I opened the car door to start walking towards the ambulance. The stretcher had Tushar on it in a faded condition. I was horrified in fear after watching him. My body started to shake out of fear.

Being the family member, I got into the ambulance at his side. They got him on the ventilator quickly after placing him inside. I had tears out of my eyes, with my words uttering at the same cry since a minute, "what happened to my husband?" "what happened to my husband?" We reached the hospital in some minutes.

Doctor Seema was the main doctor consultant, when they got him inside. I ran my way down to the intensive care unit. She walked in quick steps to enter the I.C.U. to start his treatment. They closed the door. I roamed here and there outside the I.C.U. in my shivering feet to wait for them to come out. Doctor Seema was out after sometime.

"Follow me to my cabin Hemangini." Saying that she started walking towards her cabin. I followed her with very quick feet.

"What has happened to him Doctor Seema?" I couldn't lower my voice with the fear running down my heart. She offered me the glass of water to calm me down.

"He has myeloma covering his entire plasma. Saying that in the clear words, he is in the third stage of blood cancer. Keeping him here won't change anything, you could take him home Hemangini. I'm helpless, I'm really sorry." She held my hands saying that. I had tears flowing down my cheeks hearing that.

I got out of her cabin. I had the tear rate doubling on my every steps towards the I.C.U. I had no idea about what was going on. Meanwhile, Tushar was up from the hospital bed. I saw him approaching me, when I jumped in his arms to hug him tightly. I kept crying harder in his arms. Tushar held me tightly. We took the cab to drive us home. He had a very less energy in his body.

I got him in the bed before starting to speak, "Since when?"

"I was a bit late in getting the clear symptoms about it. After a sudden headache and low tiered fever one day, I went to Doctor Seema. After the reports she told me I was going through the third stage already. It was very late. I grew distressed about it. As soon as I made my mind to tell you finally, you introduced me into this new life. I couldn't have a better ending to this wonderful life, either way it was going to happen. Thank you Mistress." A small tear flowed down his eyes.

"And what about this?" I placed his hand on my belly. Tushar smiled a little after placing his head close to my belly, he kissed on it. He had a very low energy in making movements, I placed him in the bed again.

"One wish before I go, mistress. Could you mount on my face again?"

"Sure slave." I replied with a blunt tone shadowing over the grief in my heart. I slide my denim down to mount on his face with my bare butt. I placed his head just between my ass crack. I started riding his face with a descent pace. I suffocated him a few times. I came on his face with a heap of cum. I wiped it away with my index finger from his face before making him lick my fingers clean.

Placing his head on my shoulders, I held Tushar tightly under my body. I had tears flowing down my cheeks. I slide my T-shirt down from my shoulders to let Tushar have my nipples between his lips. Tushar rubbed his head on my shoulder. Closing his eyes slowly, he spoke in a slender tone, "I love you Hemangini." Tushar stopped moving."" ]]]]

Hemangini had her entire face covered in tears, as she stopped. I went forward to hold her hand. I pushed the red button on my tape recorder.

"I'm really sorry, Hemangini. Are you OK?" I held the back of her hand.

"Oh yes, it is fine. I am fine." She breathed harder and cleared the tears off her face.

"I'm sorry but don't you have a married status at present?" I asked to her. Before she could answer, the doorbell rang. She went forward to open it. There stepped in a tall and young guy. He stepped forward to hug her in his arms, she hugged back while kissed his lips. They came near me with Hemangini initiating with, "Avinash, this is Adi my husband and baby, this is Avinash."

I was shocked at his introduction. He offered me a handshake and I returned softly to it. He left the room to head in one of the room.

I gently smiled in myself. She took me to the drawing room. I saw Tushar's photo hanging on the wall with a decorated garland over it. He had a wise face of a gentleman.

"I would just leave the door open, Mister. Save as much as you could. It was nice to meet you. Good luck with your story." Saying that, Hemangini shake my hand. She started to walk towards the room. I didn't say anything. I followed her to the room.

As soon as I got on the window, I saw a big anal hook hanging down from the ceiling above the bed. She bent down on her knees under the hook in the bed. I saw Adi coming to her side.

He came at her side to pull down her blue joggers till her inner thighs to bare her fair big butt. I was shocked after he pulled the steel hook down from the ceilings to fit it inside her loose anus. Hemangini moaned softly and closed her eyes to slurp down the pain. He lifted her ass a bit to comfortably get her anus hooked with the ceiling, He left her there. He held the thick leather cane in his hand. Adi stepped back before giving a venomous strike on her big bare buttocks. Hemangini cried loudly in agony.

I had goosebumps running all over my body. Hemangini brought her fictional world to reality before my eyes. I undid the window and started to take my eyes away. I started to get away from her room. With my each step out of the house, Hemangini's wheeping went on higher and higher that echoed through the entire house.

"Change was always good for Hemangini." I said to myself after reaching the door, I moved out.

***************

( Hello guys this is me again. Please let me know by your comments what did you make out of the entire series. Thank you.)