Days of the Raj Ch. 01
byaaronburr©

(Let me lead you through the sepia-toned, historic setting for this tale - colonial India - where you will experience some of the most delicious Clothed Female Naked Male fun you have ever come across. On the banks of the Ganges the senior boys' college was filled with aristocratic 18 year olds, thrillingly subject to the discipline of female English teachers mature age and young.)

The views of school disciplinarian Sarah Maitland are coming back into focus and not before time.

Born in 1881 in Surrey, England, she was a true child of the Empire. A Governess, then a teacher at second-tier public schools she was to develop a theory on the disciplining of boys that made her sought-after on three continents. But her 1939 privately-printed Raising Boys to be Gentle Men was overtaken by the advent of war and was little heard of until recently.

She was certainly an interesting woman of her times. At Nottingham University College she struck up a friendship with young D H Lawrence and lent the future novelist her diaries recording one of her disappointing love affairs. In London she apparently met and impressed George Bernard Shaw and attended the opening night of his play Misalliance in his company. She may have had an affair with H G Wells and been hurt when he moved onto his next liaison. After her experience in India she engaged in correspondence with Sigmund Freud.

Yet she had a very practical focus on discipline, wielding the cane, slipper, tawse, paddle and hairbrush as vigorously as any schoolmistress of her era. She became a cult figure among English ruling class males with a masochistic attachment to the punishments they received at female hands during their schooling. One of her former students, a member of the House of Lords, commented anonymously to The Times on her death, "Sarah had more finesse at delivering exquisite humiliation than any schoolmistress or governess ever known."

Just before World War One she left for Bombay and taught at a school for the sons of well-off Indian families. When the army summoned every available male teacher for the trenches in Europe or militia duty on India's frontiers she found herself promoted to Principal. Asserting discipline over 18 year old boys with no male staff to help proved a crucible in the development of her ideas. She was to be further tested running a school for black boys from professional families in Jamaica in the 1920s. Later she gave advice to detention facilities and prisons in the south of the US. She died in 1961.

Her answer was refined around 1914 in the college for 18 year old boys where she found herself Principal. Not spanking, not caning - at least not on their own - but a technique she called Total Clothing Deprivation was the means for bringing about a proper attitude to women. During the years of adolescent development, she concluded, there was an opportunity to "traumatize" males by exposing them totally nude to females, women older than them or their own age. From this point attitudes to women undergo a decisive change. She wrote:

"No more is it possible for them to maintain attitudes of smug superiority to the 'inferior' gender. Certainly not after they have been shamed and humiliated by being stripped of all clothing in front of a female in a disciplinary setting, perhaps where there are other female onlookers to witness his disgrace. I would add, however, that such a setting not be without tenderness and love. My experience is that boys who experience Total Clothing Deprivation at the hands of a female carer become sensitive and thoughtful men, true gentlemen."

In her book she offered abundant examples and case studies of the working of these principles, especially drawn from her times in India and Jamaica with Indian and black youth. It was brutally frank and scientific: she was candid, for example, in discussing the role of involuntary erections in shaming males. She wrote, "Absolutely unable to control the functioning of his own body the adolescent is distressed beyond measure when exposed to a female teacher, doctor or nurse in this condition; even more so an aunt, sister, mother or grandmother. Out of this trauma a more sensitive and submissive adult male will emerge. Put it this way, he will feel as if he has been left with no secrets. He will feel that females have seen the very essence of his being, his secret essence."

In fact in the book she provided a whole chapter on the treatment of involuntary erections, full of examples drawn from India and Jamaica. (That is why, in the climate of 1939 Britain, it needed to be privately printed.) She recommended the used of feigned indignation and anger when the embarrassment occurred, leaving the "offending" boy speechless and helpless. An alternative approach was to direct what she called "a scornful glance or a withering look" at the problem, making the boy feel extremely ashamed and apprehensive about what might happen next."

Eloquently she argued that men come into the world naked and in the care of women and there is nothing unnatural in this condition. In words that would send tremors of fear up the backbones of just about all males, she was to assert that this male nudity in front of dressed women be revived. She made a fetish of "total" clothing deprivation. Her philosophy went way beyond the traditional bared bottom: comprehensive shaming was essential to trigger mental change. And that meant youths with everything bared, and preferably before a group of women. And - to repeat a favorite point - the horror of involuntary erections being glimpsed or, better still, examined - by a nurse, teacher or governess or curious mother or sister - was a big part of the ritual humiliation.

Her personal memoir was recently located, unread, in The British Museum. It will shortly be published. In it she provides a no-holds-barred account of the things she saw and did. It is certain to feed into various strands of feminism and to galvanize the burgeoning CFNM community. It will point psychologists and educators to different ways of raising boys.

The first part of the manuscript deals with India. The war meant all her school staff were female and unmarried. They included older women, long established in India but living in all cases without male companions. They were likely to be stimulated by male nudity enforced on 18 year old boys and to support the strategy. Others were English girls, barely qualified as teachers, sent out to fill the posts vacated by the men and barely older than the boys they were to teach. For them, witnessing Total Clothing Deprivation was going to be challenging. Some would be excited by it, others afraid. All boys at the college were 18 and from upper caste backgrounds, inclined to reject female authority at first blush. As 1914 started Sarah faced real disciplinary challenges and was on the search for new approaches.

According to this unearthed memoir she then had the experience that was to shape her peculiar theory about the disciplining of young men, indeed her whole career. She was visiting the home of one of the lively Hindu families which had a senior boy at her school. Other guests were officials of the administration and Indian professionals. It was a happy celebration that began with drinks in the lounge attended by bare-footed male servants while sari-clad maids could be glimpsed in the corridors.

But not only maids. Down one corridor she saw in profile the son of the household, her 18 year old student, standing back to the wall absolutely stark naked. He was standing rigid as a sentry, hands clasped behind his back. Totally nude.

The sight astonished and, she admitted in her memoir, it also excited her. He was a tall boy with darkly burnished skin, slender and athletic. She had to look several times, incredulously, to confirm that his flanks were indeed totally uncovered - his well-shaped upper thighs seemed to swell into a muscular bottom. Her gaze confirmed too that the bundle hanging from his groin was not underwear of any kind but his exposed genitals. She had had to struggle not to stare longer and to carry on conversation with other guests.

The surreal atmosphere was confirmed by servants coming and going, by maids walking past the youth and glancing and giggling as they looked him over brazenly. But his eyes remained ahead at all times. Finally as the party rose to go to the dining room an elderly and worldly Englishman with a silver mustache lent close to Sarah and said, "Miss Maitland, as a gifted pedagogue you would understand more than most. But Indian families punish males by making them present themselves, as in that scene there, completely in the nuddy. Seen it numerous times. Up to the age of 25, would you believe? Bit disconcerting to us English folk but apparently works a treat."

He went on: "Yes, they call it 'Murgha', nudity as punishment. Runs deep in their culture. For example, there's a religious group committed to poverty. Their men go naked to make the point, but their women are allowed to wear white robes. And apparently temple caves with carvings show men naked except for pendant jewelry, the women as priestesses fully dressed looking scornfully at their buck-naked menfolk. Whole thing gives me the shivers. But I imagine if you're a woman..."

His lively eyes were enamelled with mischief and...something else.

She blushed. She remained distracted and stirred during the long dinner and later, over post-dinner drinks, noticed with disappointment the corridor was empty. But at school the next day when she glimpsed Asoka, neatly attired in his uniform, he dropped his gaze and continued head lowered.

After that her theory of punishment took shape quickly. It came to a head when the same Asoka had been the centre of a violent argument and it was not disputed he had caused it. She had him brought to her office.

It was a beautiful study with mahogany furniture, plush curtains and a lion rug and other hunting trophies. These included a large elephant tusk used on her desk as paper weight. She loved its curved elegance. She was a devotee of the Viennese Dr Sigmund Freud (she kept his works and her collection of medical and marriage guidance texts in a locked cabinet in her Principal's bungalow - also a big stock of erotic literature she had daringly bought in Naples on the voyage out.) Freud enabled her to read her own desires; she knew her fondness for the ivory tusk said a lot about her own buried longings.

The door closed behind her and the boy. She was about to confront him. To be truthful her heart was beating. She could not be certain he would accept her authority.

She told him - with almost panted breath - she was going to punish him as he would be at home.

He gulped. He could still remember the awful evening when she was among his parents' guests.

She told him to begin removing every stitch of his clothing. At this Asoka fell to his knees begging to be spared this humiliation. "Miss...Miss...oh, no...no, Miss..." while his brown eyes underneath his long lashes overflowed with tears.

She told him to stand up or she would call her secretary Miss Primmer and some of the maids to help her. This terrible threat worked. He hauled himself up, sniffling. His hands were immobilized, however, and she was required to unknot his tie and begin unbuttoning his shirt, even eventually to unbuckle his belt and draw his gray flannel trousers down his thighs. Finally he participated by stepping out of the shameful puddle of clothing. He was standing in his white regulation underwear and Sarah was kneeling at his feet when there was a knock at the door.

"Come in," Sarah said. Miss Plimmer entered and stood shocked. For his part Asoka started with fear like a forest deer.

Sarah thought what happened next a delicious moment and was to remember it all her life: her first experience at humiliation of a young male through Total Clothing Deprivation.

"I'm punishing a bad boy Indian-style, just as he would be at home," she explained. Miss Plimmer's jaw dropped. She stood stock still, amazed. With this explanation to her secretary, Sarah reached up and took Ashoka's underpants by the elastic waistband. She felt him freeze with anxiety - no, terror. She hesitated, just for a moment and looked up into the boy's eyes. They were pleading and desperate, swimming with fear. She did not relax her gaze.

Keeping her eyes fixed on his, she now slowly and deliberately inched downwards the last shield of his modesty...but slowly...ever so slowly. It seemed to take an age, for example, before the downward movement of underwear reached the timberline of glistening black pubic bush. When it did, her gaze was still locked onto his. She saw his eyes fill with tears and the desperate, pleading look take over his whole features. Her movement became even more tantalizingly, teasingly slow...ever so slow. A smile cruelly flitted at the corners of her lips. He saw it, his tummy turned to water and he knew he was lost.

Another age, a millenium, and the waistband continued its slow, slithering movement. It revealed the first sign of the boy's coffee-colored appendage. Her eyes remained locked into his. Slowly, slowly...inch by inch...the secret centre of his being was being exposed to two English ladies. As the elastic cleared the final puckering tip, the boy's member flopped forward. Then... she delivered a sudden whisk...and the underpants reached his feet. The young man gave a cry and covered himself with his hands. Miss Plimmer, who had seen it all, gasped, "Oh my!"

"Those hands, Asoka, behind your back! Just like you were at home!"

The trembling boy obeyed. A glance over her head told Sarah that Miss Plimmer, eyes on stalks, was feasting on Asoka's pubic region and that she had never seen the sight before. Sarah now told the Indian youth that he would spend an hour like this...only in the busy outer office, next to her secretary's desk in fact.

Miss Plimmer's gasp was audible across the room.

The boy fell to his knees again, begging and stammering, tears welling.

"Strange," said Sarah."It is what you are forced to do at home."

In a torrent of words he told her that it was a punishment he hated. That all his girl cousins and aunts had seen him in this state and he "was so deeply shamed." He said it was very "shaming" for an upper caste male, a Brahmin, to be stripped in front of low caste women like maids. And no, no, no, no - please, not in front of "white ladies - no, never, never, never English women to see me without stitches!"

Then, head hung and still on his knees, he told her there was a still more deeply shameful aspect. Sarah couldn't understand his mumbles and stutters but did pick up the word "engorgement." She had been secretly reading medical textbooks for years - for their lascivious content - and even enjoyed a cache of Victorian pornography ( again under lock and key in her Principal's bungalow ) and knew what he meant.

This was to be her introduction to the notion that forcing young men to display involuntary erections in a state of Total Clothing Deprivation was an acutely devastating part of their humiliation.

At his moment she experienced her epiphany.

This would be a ritual to which she would dedicate her life.

She coldly told Asoka to get up. She insisted again his hands stay at his sides. Then she stepped back to stand with her secretary, eyeing him appraisingly from head to toe.

She put herself in his position: a haughty, spoiled Brahmin 18 year-old in this terrible clothesless state, with two dressed women looking at his every exposed inch. Totally, totally uncovered. His every secret on display. He must be melting with shame, standing there in his "birthday suit" - oh, what a suggestive term. What else did they say? In the altogether. Stripped to the buff. In a state of nature. Each funny euphemism packed with terror, with humiliation, for a schoolboy in the presence of two female teachers.

She felt a warm inner glow, an almost chemical surge through her whole being, of fulfillment and justice. So now the tables were turned and all the humiliation she had experienced from men, all the neglect and superiority, was somehow reversed. Reversed because of how she had reduced this brown-skinned youth to shame under her cruel direction. Yes, fulfillment and justice she felt in full measure - and some other nameless emotion surged within her as well.

Feeling a welling of excitement she took by the ear and led him into the outer office.

As she arranged him in position - back to the wall, next to the secretary and her desk, within full view of passersby in the busy corridor - she wondered how long before the torture of "engorgement" would overtake the boy. In her experience in English public schools or as governess in great homes, she knew it could happen without warning, as a result of the slightest stimulation, or of none.

Asoka was to spend a total of an hour like a statue, with hands clasped at his back. He was on view - during that 60 minutes - to several maids going about their duties. Low caste women, who ogled unabashedly. Indeed word spread and maids discovered new cleaning duties in the precinct. Teachers, moving around on duty, were staggered. And they, too, seemed to find reason to linger. It was precisely half an hour into the full nude punishment - what a thrill it gave Sarah to begin thinking in these terms - that Miss Plimmer came into the Principal's office and, acutely embarrassed, asked her to please come out and look at something.

What had disturbed her was simply the arrival, not unexpected and, by Sarah, eagerly anticipated, of Asoka's "engorgement." One sari-clad maid a few feet away, on the floor cleaning, was in fact staring spellbound at the boy's rigidified penis. A smile played on her lips. A spinsterish teacher was at the door fixated, eyes bulging and excited. Asoka's eyes were welling with tears and his hands fluttering, not knowing whether he could get away with sheltering his privates or not.

Sarah's first thought was that, upright, his "organs of generation" were absolutely in proportion to his athletic frame. Yet from illustrations in her secreted medical texts she had expected the appendage to stand out at 45 degrees. Asoka's, however, rose parallel to his abdomen. Barely a gap between its upper side and his tummy. And there was a second peculiarity, she thought - color. While the stem of his organ was brown like the rest of him, the "helmet" or glans, previously covered but now on display, was a bright copper, or brown-red. Helmet was the correct term, too. Its sculpted shape made her think of the German infantry, so much in the news.

She improvised quickly. Standing close she gave him the one instruction he would not be able to complete. She watched his face contort, like someone "straining at stool." He kept it up for a moment eyes screwed shut, then looked down to check himself - only to be greeted by the copper-head still straining to point at the ceiling. Then he saw Sarah, her secretary, the teacher and the maid - all looking at the same thing. He groaned with the humiliation. And looked at his principal in pleading despair.

"Miss, I am wanting but not doing."

She repeated the instruction.

Again, he strained and clenched with eyes screwed. Then looked down checking himself. But to no avail.

Sarah swept into her study and returned with a whippet-thin cane and ordered Asoka to bend over. Moaning, he complied- he had been caned before at school and home. When he touched his toes he immediately opened for inspection the crevice of his posterior and the four women were riveted by the sight of a hairless hole, winking back at them. Oh, the total shame of this boy, they each thought! He also revealed the rear view of his black scrotum between his legs...before he corrected his posture. Then the full force of the wielded cane caught him on the middle of his bottom, almost lifted him off the ground and left a lacerating white mark. He howled and straightened himself rubbing furiously.

"Now turn around, Asoka," Sarah instructed. When he complied it was clear his embarrassment had subsided. The copper head could barely be glimpsed, again retreating into its brown cloak.

Asoka's behavior changed from that day. He could never look the female staff in the eyes - as if he were afraid of inviting their knowing smiles (such smiles would have been searing) - let alone challenge their authority. The trauma of his stripping and humiliation guaranteed the most cautious behavior in classroom and on playing field. Oh, how he sought to avoid those terrible moments ever being repeated...as when his white underpants made their slow descent while Miss Plimmer stared right at his privates, or the hour nude outside, with the sideways peeping of the secretary or the fascinated stares of maids and teachers, or the awful experience of his wayward member stretching, and lengthening, and rising and going completely stiff to stand slap bang, up against his belly.

Traumatized by punishment under conditions of Total Clothing Deprivation, Asoka was now subservient and submissive.

Sarah was seeing a theory emerge from hypothesis.

Under her direction the TCD regime quickly became school policy. The standard procedure for discipline was as follows. If a boy was found misbehaving the teacher was required to take him to the most convenient site - dormitory or refectory or library - and have him disrobe completely. Sarah left optional whether the youth was to remove all his clothes under the direction of his teacher; or whether the female in charge was to remove his clothes herself. It was up to the teacher and her mood at the time. Most shifted between the two approaches.

The errant boy was then escorted with the teacher holding him firmly by the ear through sometimes crowded corridors to the Principal and was told to stand waiting outside the door to her secretary's office. This rapidly became the crux of the new punishment regime. Totally nude, the boy could be here an hour or more until Sarah was ready. At this time his teacher was summoned to join her and the boy. Sometimes after a full recounting of his offenses she would give him a stern rebuke. Other times she would administer a caning or a spanking with a hair brush. Sometimes she would grant this duty to the teacher with the boy over a chair or her lap. At all times the boy's nakedness was emphasized - he would be told how naughty and silly he looked and asked whether he thought his mother or sisters would want to see him in this state - and his humiliation drawn out. Other teachers or passing maids would be given the chance to witness. A visiting mother or sister of another boy could be invited in.

But the key was the total nudity of the corridor. There was rarely a time when there was no naked boy there, sometimes there could be a dozen queued up. They were completely open to viewing by maids, teachers, female visitors to the school.

Some of the 18 year olds would stand against the wall, hands placed over genitals, head drooped. Others felt they did not have this option, either because the size of their organs or an involuntary "engorgement" meant their hands could not provide enough cover. They therefore pressed themselves face-first into the wall. This, Sarah learnt, was not a happy alternative. In Indian culture displaying a nude posterior was frightfully shameful and it guaranteed being cruelly mocked by the maids. Other boys tried combinations of the above. She once saw a boy standing side-on to the wall but with one leg raised and bent so his raised thigh, parallel to the floor, covered his middle. He really did look very funny - like a yogi - and Sarah and a colleague laughed heartily when they saw him and saw his shame deepen further.

Once or twice a week Sarah would be pitiless and decree that, standing in the corridor, punished students would have to present themselves back to the wall, hands clasped behind - like Asoka. No concession to modesty. Occasionally every boy would be sporting an engorgement, hard as armor.

On such days word would spread fast. Even the kitchen staff might drift into that section of the corridor eager to feast their eyes, to the almost-fainting embarrassment of the nude schoolboys. The maids could be counted on to discover pressing cleaning tasks near the door, lingering over polishing the floor as if painting the Sistine. And regularly glancing up, with wicked grins, to catch the eye of a denuded youth. And then they would slowly reinforce his shame with piercing looks moving all over his stripped-off body. Or a young teacher, just recruited from Manchester or Glasgow - and stimulated by the tropical nights - might keep remembering to return a book or check timetables or run other errands in this vicinity. And she could be counted on to dart inquisitive glances at the top-to-toe nudity on display. Dark-skinned or coffee-colored, the boys stood like sentries, part of their anatomy pointed stubbornly skyward.

On one famous occasion a month into the experiment there were eight boys in the corridor, all back to the wall and all in this condition. It had caused bawdy giggling from the maids. Chemistry teacher Cora Wrightworth, with the risqué humor of a divorced 55 year old, surveyed the line-up as she swept down the corridor. "Like a line of hat racks!" she quipped. "Mahogany hat racks!"

Sarah deprecated such humor. The involuntary erection was such a core part of the punishment regime, of this ritual she was devising, she could brook no lightheartedness. The erections embodied their own shame and humiliation. A disapproving or contemptuous glance was enough to heighten it. Nothing need be said.

Still the sari-clad maids found it lasciviously entertaining. They would laugh aloud at the ridiculous contortions of the males in the corridor, at those desperate attempts at modesty. On days when Sarah had ordered that all queuing boys stand back to the wall, fully and cruelly exposed, they would be seen exchanging discerning comments about boys and their characteristics, pointing at favorites or those they considered funny. If a boy was waiting alone he was likely to be surrounded by a party of maids taunting and teasing before a teacher sent them off on their duties giggling loudly. The maids soon became as familiar with senior boys' bottoms and genitals - their size, shapes, colors and tendency to inflate - as they were their faces.

Visitors to the school were often in for a treat. Once three rosy-cheeked English schoolgirls had been invited by Sarah to inspect the college's excellent stables and they arrived at the Principal's office wearing jodpurs and riding caps and clutching riding crops. They were frisky and mischievous and were thrilled to see one of the darkest skinned boys waiting nude. He had been ordered to stand back to the wall with the threat of the caning of his life - and hands behind his back. To heighten his shame, his black organ with its brown tip was already half roused.

Did he go naked all the time, one of the damsels asked. Was this how he was punished at home as well? Oh my goodness, do your sisters get to see you like this? Your sisters! What, with all your clothes removed? Don't you feel terribly ashamed?

Knowing they were guests of the Principal he was obliged to answer them politely, all the time back to the wall, hands behind. Yes, eyes downcast, he confirmed he was punished like this at home. Yes, on those occasions his younger sisters and the older one got to see him. Also female cousins. There were eight, no nine. Plus aunts. Yes, and friends of his sisters. Yes, girls your age. Yes, with all clothes removed. It did make him very ashamed. Yes, it made him feel like he wanted to die.

Emboldened, their questions continued, growing more cunning. What did he do with the dangly bits when he went riding? What were the Hindi terms for those things there? No, for the stick thing? For the little sack? Did he know the English slang? Had he hear the expression...( with a hush )..."cock and balls"... (much giggling.)

Then one girl, who had kissed her share of cavalry officers in the last year, started making lascivious movements with her tongue. The boy's member rose all the way, as if jerked back by an invisible string. They were close to teasing it with their riding crops when Sarah arrived. She was happy to linger as the young ladies continued their verbal fun at the unhappy lad's expense.This was her theory in practice. The boy would never be the same.

For nearly half an hour he had been teased and taunted and, it must be conceded, there was a large element of racial superiority in the girls' behavior.

On another occasion a committee of Englishwomen engaged in war projects visited the school to work in its library. With bonnets and parasols, in dresses of white crepe or embroided linen, with their colorful silk shawls, the memsahibs presented a stark contrast to the six stripped-to-the-buff youths they encountered in the corridor. It was a day when Sarah was not enforcing back-to-the-wall standing and the nude students were free to twist and contort themselves, desperate to shield their exposed privates. Indeed their anguished facial expressions and their pirouetting were a comic delight.

Certainly the ladies thought so, as they lingered in good humor for up to an hour. "Why! You boys are bare as boards!" one had exclaimed. "Naked as the day you were born!" Chimed another: "Yes, all of you without a stitch! You must be embarrassed in front of these maids! And I bet you didn't want to see us!" Followed by much laughter. Then the ladies wanted to know why they stood desperately pressing their fronts into the wall. "Goodness, what have you boys to hide? Don't tell us - you're just frightfully shy!"

Frankly, with husbands off at war, they had every reason to relish some male nudity and did everything to catch a glimpse of the boys' fronts, pressing close to the wall themselves and peering sideways. They made many comments on the shapliness of the boys' bottoms, on their smallness and tightness, some muscular and some soft, how some were dusted with hair and some smooth as eggs. The boys wriggled into the wall in agonies of shame. Beyond the English ladies, dark-skinned, sari-clad maids giggled at the humiliation of the young Brahmins.

It was only one more step for one of the bolder women to move in close and gently stroke the bottom of one of the boys. "Oh my!" She teased, "How very tight! You must play a lot of sport!" And gave him more strokes, turning to surreptitious tickling. But all she got to see, for her cunning teasing, was the brown frame press even flatter into the wall. And the poor lad's features grimace in agony, looking at her pleadingly.

Her friends came forward and each chose a boy for the same treatment. One of the ladies wore white pig-skin gloves, the fingers of which had a raised seam. She ran three gloved fingers around the upper thigh of one golden-skinned boy, then over the crease of his posterior, then round the globes themselves, then brazenly, in small quick flickering patterns, up his side and about his ribs. All the time looking at his profile with a wistful faraway smile. "Oh please, Miss, no tickles, Miss!" he begged her to stop. "No, no, no! Don't want touching bottom, oh please, Miss! Oh no, please!"

Another bold lady stood behind a youth - so close her rose-flavored perfume filled his nostrils - and began kneading both his buttocks, massaging the muscular glutes firmly, round and round. In protest, he began thrusting his posterior back as if to repel her insinuating touches, then forward, then assumed a rhythm, rubbing his front into the wall. All the while, gurgling a low protest, "Oh no, Ma'm, no...don't tickle me on rear... please dear Miss..."

Inspired, another lady stood behind a dark-skinned student and, with both arms almost embracing him, lightly ran all 10 fingers up and down his thighs, the parts closest to the wall, playfully...delicately...running them up and down. "Oh, no...no...no...Miss, please, will give me engorgement...you must stop now, Miss...I don't want but I am getting..."

He was twisting and contorting, close to tears. But he and his six naked mates - even as they begged their tormentors to cease - were done for.

The Principal came out to see the fuss. Beaming, she ordered all the boys to stop being so foolish and turn and face her. They groaned - they were shy and she had to threaten the cane. Slowly the boys turned outward. The maids squealed and the English visitors gasped.

This was certainly an instance where the secret centre of the male being was exposed. Each of the six was sporting an iron-hard erection. Pointing and, yes, engorged, as if to honor the female audience. One penis very dainty, like a cocktail sausage. Then a large one that stuck out parallel to the floor - too heavy to stand but nonetheless completely stiff. One modest one that veered off apologetically to the right. One only about three inches but thick as a cucumber. One that was very slim but with an overlarge head and, under the crown, thick bunched folds of loose skin ("very ugly" - was the unspoken verdict of several of the women). And one that was average length, broad but small headed. A head like one of those garden snakes, one woman thought. Each was dribbling a clear fluid, indeed the smallest - belonging to the boy who had been driven to massage himself into the wall - was positively slimy.

Then there were the testicles: most had vanished into the projecting flesh but the big boy's sack still hung, with heavy folds that reminded one lady of ribbed arches on a Gothic ceiling. In it, lolled two arrogant stones. Heavy and threatening. Very manly, thought the lady with the pig-skin gloves.

Behind, the maids were craning and giggling cruely.

The ladies' chuckled. Each was making comparisons with her husband and - in some lucky cases - a son, whose privates had been glimpsed during spankings or inspected during bathings. The Principal beamed proudly, her strategy in action.

The Brahmin boys hung their heads. Even with eyes averted, they could FEEL the white womens' eyes ravishing them, roaming all over their skin. The maids' cunning, mocking brown eyes as well.

Then one lady proposed that Sarah should require punished boys to mount a cricket game - in this condition - that might become a war charity event. "My dear, let me assure you there would be no difficulty selling tickets. Every Englishwoman in north India would be there!" Another suggested, given the servant shortage, boys being allocated to serve like this for an evening in their homes. Lease out the errant boys, to be punished naked, serving in our dining rooms. "Oh, how exquisite, Sarah! Do consider it!" Smiling, Sarah said she thought both suggestions had merit. For the time being, though, she would allow the boys to escort the ladies to the library where, still nude, they could address envelopes under their direction.

Six naked and aroused boys padded off down the corridor, each in step with one of the fashionably attired females.

On these occasions the worst nightmare of upper caste youth were realized: while English ladies and girls relished their nakedness, over their shoulders low caste maids laughed at their disgrace.

As for the teachers Sarah was struck by the alacrity of the older ones in enforcing her rules. The spinsters, as she thought of them, threw themselves into TCD as if the whole British war effort depended on it. On one occasion Miss Dorothy ("Doddles") Muckberry became infuriated with an uproar that overtook her classroom when she left the 18 year olds alone for a few minutes. It was too hard to locate a single perpetrator and, yes, if the truth were told, she was somewhat tortured by those frustrations that made her toss and turn under the sheets every night. Quickly she arrived at her terrifying decision. She ordered all the nine boys in her class, sitting as they were at their desks, to remove their shoes and socks, their trousers and underpants, stowing them at their feet.

"We will see how brave and reckless you are without any clothing on your bottom halves," she told them, with a cruel smile. And to his astonishment she ordered the tallest and best developed of her boys (best developed in every sense- for this this could vouch having stripped Galwash on several occasions) to rise from his desk and walk the corridors and climb the steps and find Mrs Valda Fortescue, chairman of the town's English Ladies Guild, who with four of her friends was visiting the school today to use its facilities for work on their war charities, and invite them to hear the boys of Miss Muckberry's class at their recitals.

Poor Galwash blushed as he rose from his seat. His shirt and vest were short, descending only a little below his waist. That he was beginning a state of excitement was immediately obvious, indeed could not have been concealed. His confusion made it necessary for his teacher to repeat instructions. Yes, he would find the ladies in the library. They knew Miss Muckberry well and most certainly would want to come and spend time with them. And no! He most certainly would not be allowed to resume his trousers. If he wanted to press the point he might be made to surrender his shirt, vest and school tie...or, she threatened, "...better still surrender just your shirt and vest and wear your tie as the only item of clothing allowed given the sky-larking you were part of a moment ago. I think the ladies would love to see an Indian boy in nothing but that! It would demonstrate your pride in your school, Galwash! Nude but for your prized tie!"

And so Galwash had no alternative but to stumble out of the classroom, a certain part of his anatomy pointing the way, its red tipped head markedly large and sculpted, with bunched folds of khaki skin held back by the bold coronal edge. To the delight of a half dozen maids the boy made his journey- two on their knees scrubbing the stairs were awarded a very intimate view- to the library where the sight of the half nude young Moslem scholar triggered wave after wave of hilarity. Finally, having walked around the humiliated boy several times appraisingly, one hand on her chin, Mrs Valda Fortescue, thanked the boy for his invitation, asked him to allow her to introduce him to each of her companions (whose eyes roamed over his most prominent characteristic jutting from below his shirt) as they shook hands and then had him escort them to the classroom.

With the ladies standing around the walls boys were summoned one by one from their desks to stand at the front of their class and recite Wordsworth, Shelly and Keats, sometimes losing their way, what with the discerning stares and the whispering from the mature white ladies, and having to start again and even bend and receive a caning from a ruler when their memories failed too egregiously. Not long into the lesson the teacher lost patience and told the boys to stand and remove shirts, vests and ties, Total Clothing Deprivation indeed. So the ladies had a class of completely naked 18 year olds rising and reciting one after the other. The effect on the boys was devastating.

Take another example. If she were in the mood Mrs Cora Wrightworth, the chemistry instructor, might find that up to three boys in a single period had offended school rules. She veered to doing the undressing herself, unbuttoning shirt buttons and unbuckling belts. She undressed them as if they were five year olds. She once confided to Sarah she found undressing an 18 year old for the first time was like unwrapping a Christmas present.

Not surprisingly she favored a painfully slow removal of trousers and, when only underpants were left, her subsequent actions were ritualistic. Crouching or kneeling before a brown skinned lad, invariably taller then herself, she would look up into his eye and remind him how offensive he had been. Her fingers playing at his elastic waistbands were like creeping spiders. A boy might feel his pants - last shield of his self-respect - descend an inch before she paused and continued her lecture. Then another inch. And another. Next the timberline of pubic hair might be revealed. The boy nearly fainted with shame and her commentary resumed. The final descent, when it came, was always slow, with the genitalia coming into view bit by bit. Inches from her face...

Report Story
byaaronburr© 7 comments/ 20411 views/ 9 favorites


The youth's shame, as he stepped out of the underpants, was total.

In her classroom she favored making her boys stand, hands behind back, until the end of her lesson. Some felt aggrieved that they seemed to be her regulars, and without just cause. And indeed she savored some of the boys' peculiarities. Ramash could be counted on to develop a rock-hard erection within minutes of losing his pants and it stayed that way all the time he was standing at the rear of the classroom. As a result nearly every lesson he found himself being singled out for the slightest transgression. And on cue, within minutes and to his teacher's delight, his apparatus would stretch, stiffen and jerk to a cast-iron 45 degrees.

When he was marched to the corridor he proved a great favorite of the maids.

Or Amesh who, notwithstanding his athletic build, knew his black, uncircumcised penis was petite - no, very small. Like a black worm, lolling on the tight little sack. He hated the exposure before his school mates. He suspected he had the smallest among them. He showered carefully and had kept it from their gaze. Yet his chemistry teacher seemed to take a singular pleasure in slowly divesting him of his underwear while he stood stock still in front of all his classmates. And drawing the whole thing out. And making him stand there as long as possible.

Again, the maids came to know his cute diminutive genitalia as well as they knew his handsome facial features.

In view of Cora's cruel focus on Ramash and Amesh, another boy, Prasan, thought he may have escaped her attention. He knew he was less prepossessing than other boys. Almost ugly. He was short, his skin pale rather than golden. Perhaps this was why he had never been stripped by his teachers. But at the end of one lesson a test tube slipped from his grip and smashed on the floor. Irritated, Cora perfunctorily told him to stay behind and, this time, let the indicted boy remove his clothes himself while she bustled around the empty classroom tidying up. When she turned her attention to him he was nude and waiting his fate, hands clasped in front. Her prurience led her to inspect him and she became suddenly interested. His penis - rising to the occasion - was a broad six inches but veered dramatically to the left. She had never seen one like it.

She ran her hand up its shaft and over the glans. The bend was decisive. She was fascinated,

A thought occurred to her. "Prasan, do you commit self abuse?"

His hang-dog silence told her he was guilty as charged.

"When you commit this act do you use your left or right hand?"

He muttered that he used his left.

Full of righteous anger she marched him nude and fully erect through the corridors - there were gasps and giggles from maids and intense staring from teachers - up a flight of stairs, across the refractory and into the Principal's precinct. The Principal was returning to her office from an inspection. Standing in the corridor in the hearing of Miss Plimmer and two teachers, and in the sight of three maids, Sarah began interrogating the now-wretched youth about the disaster of his masturbatory rites. How often did he do it, when had the practice started, where did he perform the act and did he have degrading thoughts about women at the time? His stammering replies did not satisfy her. He was dealt an hour a day of nude corridor punishment for a fortnight. Because of his peculiarity he became for a time a special favorite of the maids

Sarah Maitland accepted Dr Freud's observation that masturbation was "the universal addiction." She practiced it herself, with abandon. Assumed all her teachers did, young and old. More fool they if they didn't. But the widespread guilt about the pastime - the sin of Onan, a draining of reproductive energies and so on - meant it was too good a chance to pile on more male shame. Call it Plato's "noble lie" but the fiction that it was a vile male offense was too useful to miss.

Hence at a meeting of the entire staff in the common room Prasan had to present himself naked while Miss Maitland lectured on the evils of the "solitary vice" - with many references to the prevailing literature, illustrated as well by reference to the boy's misshapen organ. His embarrassment was excruciating. Which is what his Principal wanted. Then she made him move among the 20 seated female teachers while she urged them to handle his penis and examine it close up. Cora led the way with long gentle appreciative strokes along the entire shaft, looking intently at it and saying,"Ummmmm. Most interesting." Prasan's eyes glazed over.

Some of the new recruits handled it guardedly around its curious end. The look on their faces as they ran tentative fingers along the bend in Prasan's engorged organ was shy and self-conscious but also...eager, keen not to miss the experience. One in particular couldn't resist an exploration of the testicles. They were soft and vulnerable, only gently furred, and she was curious about the small balls. And she was intrigued by the pronounced seam that divided them, as if the little bag had been stitched up. Her name was Emily Macintosh and she had never touched a man's privates. Her touching probably lingered longer than appropriate and her strokes nearly made Prasan swoon with a mix of emotions in which intense shame and sensual pleasure predominated. It guaranteed his organ stayed stiff.

It was only one more step to have the boy take a seat in the middle of the meeting and require him to demonstrate his self-pleasuring. He took his organ - yes, in his left hand - very uncertainly but, with more encouragement, fell into quick regular movement. He had been so excited by the exposure, the intense, heated looks from the young teachers especially, that he exploded very fast. The white fluid which had shot onto his brown chest reminded more than one of chocolate and cream desert. They hungrily watched him walk from their midst when bidden by Sarah, led by a maid given the job of soaping him off in the communal bath room. They savored the parting glimpse of the naked bottom at the door. For him, for some of them, the episode would be etched in memory for life.

Sarah gave one of her youngest recruits, Emily MacIntosh - as it happened - the job of visiting Prasan in his dormitory at six each morning. She was to fold down the sheet and untie the boy's pajama pants and draw the front flaps aside. She was to carefully inspect Prasan's private parts for tell-tale signs and, almost thread by thread, his pyjamas and sheets. She received from Sarah the most explicit description of these duties in which Sarah had had years of experience. Indeed Prasan was summoned to the office and the two practiced on him. It was to be part of the girl's training. The routine was to be daily, for the rest of the boy's time in the school.

Within some days of the routine Emily noticed a change in the 18 year old's behavior. Instead of being shamed and embarrassed Prasan was now ready and excited for his early morning inspections. When Emily draw back the sheet Prasan was stark naked, his pajamas in a neat pile under his pillow. He was ready for her and in a state of arousal - always a clear fluid leaking from the tip of his member - and his eyes shining at the prospect of being handled. When Emily took tentative hold of his organ, as instructed, Prasan would start clenching and unclenching his midriff, making it move in her grasp, looking her brazenly in the eyes.

The first time he engaged in this wanton behavior Emily withdrew her hand in distaste. But subsequently, she let her hand linger. She liked holding the tube of flesh nearly as much as the little pouch under it. Grew to like it when he moved his member up and down within her grip. One morning she found...panting with excitement...she was pleasuring the cheeky boy. Couldn't resist, probably because the young man was enjoying her touch so deeply. Beaming and sighing and closing his eyes with pleasure.

Each morning Emily would masturbate Prasan.

Then she would lovingly mop up the emissions that lay on his stomach and chest with his pajama top or bottoms. Sent to the laundry each morning they would provide confirmation that his self-abuse was a continuing problem that required her supervision.

The plain, pale boy with the embarrassing shape to his penis was loving this attention.

"I love you, Miss MacIntosh," he told her.

And the young woman was his devotee. She would stroke Prasan's naked body all over. He might be stretched out, arms curved luxuriously above his head like a dog wanting his tummy tickled. She would indeed tickle his tummy, then his chest, his ribs, his armpits, his groin...and up and down his thighs. His inner thighs, up and down, got the most attention since this seemed to make him coo with pleasure. And always, lovingly, those curious testes - the soft fabric of which intrigued her, as did the little balls, the pronounced seam.

She would always pretend to find dried sperm on his penis or in his shiny black pubic bush - Sarah had coached her to examine the boy here - so she could say, "You naughty boy! I know what you've been doing!" Then she would roll him onto her lap and give him the gentlest of spankings before turning him over and bringing him to his delicious daily climax.

He whispered a request that shocked her so deeply she could think of no reason to decline. In the otherwise deserted dorm she looked over her shoulder... and then slowly unbuttoned her blouse and lowered her bra. She let flop forth one ample, ivory-white breast. As Prasan gaped, she fed its huge pink nipple into his eager mouth. He licked, sucked and nibbled like a ravenous infant. He purred like a kitten. His upright member throbbed. For her part, she luxuriated in a pleasure she never thought she'd know. It became part of their morning ritual, usually after the tickling and the "pretend" spanking, sometimes with him sitting on her lap like her big baby boy, slurping at what they both called her "titties." While she fondled his very stiff, decisively bent organ and tickled what they now called his "naughty little ballocks.".

Sarah was not to find out for a year - it came in a gush of a confession from the girl - how easily her theory had been subverted. Miss MacIntosh confessed more. How Prasan had invited her to spend the holidays with his family - his father had been briefed by Sarah on Prasan's "secret vice" - in their sprawling house in the hills. How on the first night he had climbed the window naked and had curled up by her side. How it soon became her turn to have her body tickled all over while she entered a hypnotic state. How they began making love in her bed, every night. How she had shyly kept her nightdress on to shield her body from his eyes. How he had- brazenly naked- inserted himself inside it, to slurp at her breasts and nestle his crooked penis into her very lubricated passageway. It was like having a big puppy dog inside her nightie, pleasuring himself, pleasuring her.

She told how one day she had opened a poetry book and her eyes had fallen on a piece by John Donne in praise of full nakedness. "Full nakedness, all joyes are due to thee./ As souls unbodied, bodies unclothed must be/ To taste full joyes." She told Sarah that that night Prasan crept in through the window and drew back Emily's sheet to view, for the first time, her youthful fleshy form without her nightie. She was lying, fingering herself with anticipation. He had reeled with excitement and had ejaculated immediately - all over her white belly. Then they tasted "full joyes" till the dawn.

She told how he had brought a copy of a steamy book called The Kama Sutra from his father's library and insisted they tried all the things it described. And how Emily had found herself enjoying it more and more, wishing she had tried these things sooner in her life. But how each morning she would still visit him, back in his own room, for signs of self-abuse. They would still not surrender that morning ritual. The tickles, the breast feeding, the gentlest of spankings. The bringing to orgasm - perhaps the boy's fourth or fifth since night had fallen the day before - swift and sweet.

By the time of the teacher's confession Prasan had graduated with his matriculation and was off at Oxford. His father was a donor to the school and a strong supporter of Miss Maitland's strategies. All in all, Sarah thought it best to let the whole matter drop and undertook to help her young teacher meet the first Englishmen available.

But during the lurid confession the Principal's eyes had swum. She had found she was tightening her thighs, that her own vagina was growing very moist and her throat dry. Emily left and she sat at her desk and looked at the elephant tusk. Her thoughts wandered, and then focused: she stroked the tusk...and imagined what Prasan and Emily had looked like when they were doing the things she had talked about. She imagined their naked bodies locked together. She imagined the boy slurping at her nipples, the girl riding him on top gasping and moaning with ecstasy, the two of them making love standing up or sitting or crouching or upside down...The wicked little book, after all, was part of her own secret archive. She thought of Prasan's shapely penis and how the teacher must have enjoyed its entry to her passage each night. Several times each night, from what Emily had said.

That night she would unlock her treasure trove of secret literature. Yes, she would plunge into those secret gardens. She stroked the tusk, harder.

Sometimes, however, the young women, newly recruited to take the jobs of male teachers, were paralysed with shyness. Or seemed that way. Felicity Callow, only 21, taught geometry to senior boys and nine months into the new regime had not stripped and presented for punishment a single male. She was the only member of the teaching staff in this position. Indeed Sarah had noticed the pale, bespectacled girl even avert her gaze from the exposed males lined-up in the corridor.

"Oh goodness, Miss Maitland, I couldn't - just couldn't. Oh no, not that, no."

Sarah wondered for a moment whether there was an element of...what? Does the lady protest too much? Was she really averting her gaze in the corridors? Or had she been sneaking the most furtive of looks?

Anyway, it transpired she came from a family of three girls, raised in a community dominated by chapel and an aversion to drink, tobacco and swearing. Her school teaching in Scotland had not involved any experience in discipline of boys. Not a glimpse of a bare bottom or use of cane. Her plainess implied she had never "walked out" with a man and had no expectation of ever doing so.

"Give me the name of one of your boys who deserves punishment," insisted Sarah. This made her young colleague furrow her brow. "Well," she said, "I suppose there's Raj. He is a very fine boy. But recently very willful. For a week just not completing any assignments. Funny. Almost looking at me for a response, as if he's...I don't know...it sounds silly...but almost as if he is asking to be punished."

Sarah's antennae stirred, again. In schools in England she had sometimes observed this phenomenon. A youth, often with romantic instincts toward his teacher, who warms to the idea of punishment - physical punishment - at her hands. In her hands. She would watch this case very carefully. It was certainly going to be an interesting experiment.

She instructed Felicity Callow to bring Raj to her study. There she would teach her teacher. That is, about Total Clothing Deprivation applied to 18 year old school boys. She would not have one teacher in her school letting the males off the hook. Besides, it would be fascinating to watch this girl, callow by name and callow by nature, acquire confidence in the delightful and often thrilling procedure. Certainly all her colleagues were finding it the most joyful part of their vocations. In these grim years of world war, a real boon.

She instructed her teacher to bring Raj to her office promptly after lunch and told her to be ready to learn how to strip a male of every last stitch of clothing. She saw the girl shudder and fear - and perhaps something else - dance in her eyes.

Raj turned out to be tall and very slender, in fact lean as a jackal. He wore a red turban, his skin was a rich caramel. Long eyelids were fluttering nervously. The Principal was immediately keen to see him out of his clothes. Hence she pronounced sentence without delay: "You are here because you have not completed assignments. You will be punished. The main punishment will be losing every item of clothing except your turban. The lesser punishment will be being spanked with a hairbrush - the one you can see on that table. Miss Callow will dispense both punishments under my direction. Is that clear?"

He nodded. There were no protests about shame, the shame of being stripped by Englishwomen. Or what he had already experienced at home from nude punishments. Or the danger of being glimpsed by low caste maids. He seemed nervous but resigned.

"Good, now Miss Callow will remove your tie and shirt."

This Felicity proceeded to do with trembling, then violently shaking hands. In fact Raj was required to complete the unknotting of his tie. Then with much difficulty the girl teacher released the buttons on his shirt. She paused, looking to Sarah for instruction.

"Now tug the shirt out of his trousers...all around, that's right...now part the front...now lift it off his shoulders and help him out of his sleeves."

The shirt came off. Felicity folded it maternally and laid it on the table. The two women looked at their handiwork. Small nipples presented like ice chocolate decoration on a caramel cake. The abdomen was concave, as tight as a drum, silk stretched across rubber. Nervous sweat trickled from his armpits and an intimate body odor,with hints of spice, filled the air.

Raj stood still as a statue. Sarah noticed the start of a telltale tenting, not of his flies but in the left leg of his trousers. Her heart leapt a beat.

"Felicity, his belt."

Felicity hesitated, fear in her eyes.

"My dear," said her Principal, "There is a principle that underpins our whole approach. Think of it like this. Raj came into this world naked. Like all men. Hence that charming expression,'birthday suit.' Naked, and in the care of women. How God decreed it. Raj will now return to that state of nudity and you, a woman, fully dressed, will be his carer."

Raj gulped.

The girl absorbed the homily and it seemed to embolden her. She fumbled with the belt. But when it came to unbuttoning the trousers the fingers of her shaking hands skidded wildly over the boy's pants front. It was clear to Sarah from the now-forward thrusting bulge - no longer in his trouser leg but pressing at his flies - that he was very well-endowed and very excited. Eventually the girl won the battle of the buttons and the trousers parted. With more encouragement, Felicity tremblingly helped ease them down his long legs.

The underpants.

"Felicity...pull...them...down."

Raj's projection was the challenge. When Felicity shakingly took hold of the elastic and weakly tugged, the bulge stopped any descent. They both saw the first promising hint of pubic hair but no further movement was possible. Ordered Sarah, suppressing her own excitement,"Felicity, draw them OUT, like this...yes, get close yourself...good...and draw the elastic away from his body..."

In a sudden movement the girl got it right. She tugged the elastic out and away. Liberated, Raj's rock-hard penis sprung free and...struck her in the spectacles over her right eye. The surprise nearly made Felicity fall backwards. But she steadied herself and gaped at an object she had never seen before.

It was dark brown shading into black. Again, Sarah found herself marveling at the unknown artist who had produced the spectrum of Indian penile coloring. But the size was the thing - disproportionate, long and thick. This, on a slender stick of a youth made it look like the poor boy was an appendage to his outsize member and not the other way around. And the shape: like an ivory tusk, magnificently curved and narrowing at the head. Like her ivory tusk, the one on her desk, that curved to a very sharp point.

If he was proud he did not show it. His eyes were closed, head downcast.

Sarah instructed both and in seconds the long-limbed youth, nude except for a red turban, was draped over Felicity's lap. Sarah thought Felicity must feel the engorged member pressed into both her thighs and wondered what she made of it. The boy was motionless. His red turban was making his nudity all the more obscene. On instruction, Felicity brought the first stroke down on the curve of his posterior hard enough to force an expulsion of breath and a shift in his position. The next strikes were firmer still. Soon he was making purring sounds like a cat. And before long Raj could be heard breathing in gulps of air and he was jerking his legs in a kind of protest.

"Now, lay it on his thighs, good and hard."

Felicity complied and her blows with the brush forced the boy to lift his head, utter groans and kick his legs more. One twist gave Sarah another glimpse of his member, less stiff than before but the black-brown tones as picturesque.

It was not to be the most severe spanking and Sarah was happy to call a halt before screams and tears. Raj hung limp, Felicity looked for guidance. "You must now stroke his bottom, dear, and say something soothing. Tell him he's been a silly goose but he's really a good boy, he's been very brave and learnt his lesson, and you love having him in your class and know he'll be sensible from now on."

Felicity dropped the brush. Then with surprisingly little self-consciousness began running her hand over the darkened cheeks of the caramel-colored boy. Very softly she cooed the words that Sarah had proposed. She gave every impression of actually enjoying the task. Indeed so much so that Sarah had her keep it up for about 10 minutes, far longer than normal.

Which gave the girl the chance to summon up maternal language of her own: "There's a good boy. A boy who loves his mummy and daddy and respects his teacher. A good boy...a nice boy...who just gets a little foolish now and then...Silly Billy...just a silly little boy who needs to have his naughty little botty spanked..."

Sarah nodded her encouragement. She was in fact doing very well.

"...just as well his sisters can't see him now. What about that, Raj? Your sisters and your mummy? What would they say if they could see their big boy with all his clothes off, lying on the lap of his teacher, getting his naughty little botty spanked, naked...in front of two Englishwomen...in his birthday suit..."

Raj's eyes had assumed a glassy, far-away look. He started to purr again.

All the while Felicity was stroking intimately and affectionately his burnished bottom cheeks and thighs. Sometimes with a feather-light touch. Sometimes firmly as if ironing. Then a flicker or two, a fond tickle. Judging from his purring and distant absorbed look the boy might have been in some Sikh paradise.

Sometimes a master is amazed by his apprentice. So Sarah felt at this moment.

She told Felicity she now had to help Raj get up. This the girl did. Sarah noticed at once that his member was as rigid as it was when he had been stripped. The boy did not make an effort to cover up, indeed knew it would have been useless. Sarah noticed as well that Felicity was staring at the object, no longer shy. There was a greed - no, a gluttony - in her eyes. Her Principal reflected, plain and timid she is still a young woman after all. Subject to all the instincts.

Raj stood, awkward. His nudity again was all the more dramatic because of the red turban. His penis showed no sign of subsiding. Medical texts again in mind, Sarah thought she could make no guess as to his circumcision status.

She looked him in the eye. "Raj, you will now stand in the corridor."

This was too much for him. This time he fell to his knees and begged to be spared. He liked Miss Callow, he liked his Principal but no, no, no, no, pleasezzzz! Not in front of servant ladies! They mock Brahmin boys! They make fun of buttocks! They laugh at manhood! His organ...engorged...couldn't help it!

The tears and beseeching were too much. The day would come for his corridor humiliation as it was coming for every last boy at the school. It did not have to be today. Moreover Sarah saw an opportunity. "Very well, Raj, we will spare you the corridor this time. But tomorrow Miss Callow will punish you again. Just like today. In this study at the same time. Sadly, I cannot be here. But she now knows how to go about it."

She smiled beatifically at her protégée. "After today she has my confidence."

The boy's gratitude was heartfelt. Sarah savored what ensued, watching Felicity dress him. The best part, needless to say, was her hauling the underpants up his legs and maneuvering the elastic up and over the hard brown-black protuberance. His spirits seemed to have lifted, his spanking behind him. He seemed to be enjoying the experience of being handled by one English woman and watched by another. Then, of course, he was overwhelmingly relieved to be saved from standing outside nude in his red turban, an object of laughter from low caste maids.

Sarah was reliving that first dramatic appearance of Raj's sex organ, the way it sprang out of the lowered underpants. The shock on the girl's face. Then the sounds and movements of the old fashioned spanking with hairbrush, a ritual of an English upbringing. The nudity underneath the turban. She loved the way Felicity had gained in confidence, had grasped the notion of turning a young man into a naughty little boy with a spanked botty. She loved the hovering humiliation - the terror of nudity in the corridor before the maids - that was keeping Raj obsequious to her every command. To be candid with herself, she loved his big organ - so like her own elephant tusk paper weight - and wanted to see more of it.

She loved seeing in practice her theory of male discipline through Total Clothing Deprivation. It was working.

Later that day Sarah instructed Miss Plimmer to take a much deserved holiday on the morrow. The secretary was reluctant. The procession of completely naked males through her office and outside in the corridor had enriched her job, her lonely life. She finished each day in a state of excitement. Her nights were now filled with dark-skinned figures doing fantastic things. Her dreams had never been more fulfilling. But her boss insisted. Sarah also reminded Felicity that, as useful as her training session had been, she had an obligation tomorrow in the Principal's deserted study where the two of them would not be interrupted. "We've made great progress with Raj," Sarah said. "Tomorrow should see that he will accept female authority the rest of his life."

The next day just before 2 pm Sarah opened the cavernous Victorian cupboard that stood behind her desk, stepped onto it and positioned the door so she would see everything without being glimpsed herself. Her heart was pounding. "Nothing human is foreign to me," she reflected, determined to watch Felicity and Raj, separated in age by only three years act out their roles.

Promptly the couple arrived. The teacher nervously locked the door behind them. She faced Raj. A pause in the drama. Sarah thought she could hear their hearts, was afraid they might hear her's. Then Raj came to life, stumbling out of shoes and socks and almost ripping off his shirt. Panting he faced Felicity with golden torso bared. In profile Sarah could see a huge tenting in the front of his trousers. Another pause while Felicity seemed fixated on his belt, maybe on the tenting. Then it was her turn to go to work, doing something she had dreamed of feverishly for 24 hours. She decisively unbuckled him and flew at his trouser buttons. Forcefully, as if eager to touch the animal rearing within them. She whisked trousers down his legs and he stepped out.

The tented underpants.

Felicity plunged her hands deep into them and brought them down to his ankles, again being struck in the face by the vibrating brown-black ivory tusk. This time it was dribbling a clear fluid, bubbling from the tip - Sarah could see it glistening. He wore only the red turban, again a shocking reminder of his long-limbed nakedness. The girl steered him, one hand on his bottom and with his appendage bouncing in front, to the leather sofa. They positioned themselves as yesterday.

His slender caramel-colored frame looked like a cannibal banquet.

She started talking to him.

Sarah started. It was exciting, filthy talk. Where had it come from?

She was cooing. "Raj, I have stripped you naked. All your clothes have gone, except your turban. And now, naughty boy, you are over the knee of your English schoolmistress, bare as an egg. And I am looking down on your brown bottom...and, very naughty boy, I can feel your...stiff...engorged...pego standing all the way up, pressed into my legs...oh, you are a naughty boy, and I am going to spank you hard!"

There was a silence as he took this in.

"Yes," he growled."Yes, I am a naughty Indian boy...and I'm stark naked with my schoolmistress...please, Miss, give me spanking...on my naked bottom."

How fascinating, thought Sarah, they are exciting one another further with a little game.

Down came the first stroke with the hairbrush, right on the curve of his posterior. SLAP! Then a second - this, on his upper thighs. SLAP!

Her strokes were harder and more confident than yesterday. Soon with each he was forcing out an "Aw!" or an "Ouch!" He was also beginning to move rhythmically, rubbing himself on the tops of her thighs with each blow from the brush. He was clearly pleasuring himself, his ivory tusk working backwards and forwards. Like a dog on heat rubbing itself on a master's leg. His eyes were open, staring ahead ahead of him and on fire.

Her's had a glassy, wondering, far away look. Her breathing was heaving, gradually rising to an unending, breathy moan. Her thighs started to move in and out. And this in turn seemed to make his thrusts more forceful as if determined not to miss out on their massaging.

"Oh, you naughty naked Indian boy - I can feel your stiff pego moving on my leg...you like it, don't you, Raj? Is it giving you delicious dirty feelings?"

"Ohhhhh, yes, Miss, I am loving my pego on your legs, Miss...I have lovely dirty feelings, Miss..."

Down came the brush on the curve of his bottom and the upper thighs. Then came his "Ohhawwww!" He slid forward on her thighs, rubbing his stiff member, pleasuring himself. That brought forth a louder and louder moan from the girl. Sarah thought, she must be feeling it. It is too big for her not to feel. Indeed she was now emitting one continuous moan. She clenched and unclenched her thighs, in turn making his movements more frantic. Her upper body lent back, her lap came forward.

Now she stopped spanking and reached for her skirts and petticoats, hauling them up her thighs. Raj was now lying on her stockinged upper legs. He let out a loud guttural moan. "Oh, I am liking new feeling very much, Miss...my cock on teacher's leg...ohhhhh..."

"That's right, naughty boy. Closer! Press into me!"

He turned his body towards her. He was now lying on his left side, tilting his right hip into Felicity's crutch. From the cupboard Sarah could see the muscles in his buttocks clenching and unclenching as he drove his engorged member. His thrusting was now fast and furious. Sarah thought of that sharpened point to his penis... and how it must be probing and pounding into the girl's silk panties. Even threatening to tear them apart. Felicity became frantic too, slapping down the brush on his bottom and with her other hand yanking his lower buttock closer into her.

She was moaning loudly, he letting forth a fierce, animalistic growl.

Now she started taking frightened looks at the door obviously fearing her Principal might come back early. This only made her mounting climax all the more urgent.

At the one moment they both seemed to explode, she tipping her head back and letting forth a choking cry while stamping both heels on the floor. His buttocks drove into her, powering his ivory tusk of a member- Sarah could imagine the pointed tip exciting her crutch - and the clenching and unclenching of the buttocks was now piston-like. He started a harsh, manly howl.

And suddenly they both subsided, panting.

A moment passed.

They rose and faced one another shyly. Both faces were flushed. His appendage was subsiding, shiny and wet. Felicity pulled her skirts straight, hesitated and then moved her hands around to stroke his buttocks. Close, it brought the tip of the penis to touch her tummy. She were almost embracing.

They recovered their breathing.

They were looking one another in the eye.

She started idly stroking his bottom.

He let his head fall to her shoulder while clearly thrilling to her stroking.

He murmured in her ear that his father approved of this school's disciplinary approach very much and wanted Raj to invite his favorite teacher to stay with the family in their summer home in the hills during the holidays. But his father, who still enforced nude discipline on Raj and his older brothers, would insist that the teacher be in charge of discipline during the four weeks. Just like at college, he said, no slackening of school discipline during holidays. Discipline for Raj mainly, but his 20 and 23 year old brothers as well. Would Miss Callow..?

Felicity said she would be honored.

Her strokes on his globes and this answer - with all it promised- made his penis raise to full stand. Sarah could see it throbbing.

Felicity's eyes, too, were flaming again.

There was a moment when anything might have happened.

What happened was that the girl-teacher stayed dressed but, lying back on the sofa, hauled her skirts to her waist, looking Raj in the eye throughout. "Now...enter me," she said.

His penis throbbed to the point of vibration. His eyes were standing on stalks. Raj bent over her.

He plunged his hands into her bloomers and tore them and her silk panties down to her ankles. Sarah could see that the panties were soaked, thought she could smell them. In any case Felicity lay with her lower half bared, a vagina clothed in blond hair, flattened and wet, a pair of pouting lips visible. They were glistening. It was Raj's turn to be gluttonous: below the loins she had a gorgeous body and she was offering it to the brown Indian.

From the waist down she was a beauty, thought Sarah, an hour-glass figure, a perfect Venus worth of her own canvas in London's National Gallery. But she is keeping the rest of her body covered while he will serve her, naked as the day he was born. And her soaked vagina, whose fumes were reaching Sarah even in her hiding place? What did Shakespeare write about the burning sexual desire that rages below the waists of young women? They are "centaurs" all below? She remembered discussing the passage from Lear with David Lawrence at university in Nottingham. "But to the girdle do the gods inherit / Beneath is all the fiends / There's hell, there's darkness, there's sulfurous pit..."

It was confirmed by what happened next.

The male naked - except for the red turban - the woman mostly covered, the couple with one mind collapsed onto the lion skin rug. Sarah saw Felicity part her legs - like a lioness in fact - and with one hand guide the curved protuberance into her crotch. She saw its black-brown length vanish into Felicity's hole, thought she could hear a suction sound as it plunged in. Then...Raj's coffee-colored buttocks, still darkened from the spanking, went into piston-action again, pounding the white-skinned teacher, skirts bundled above her waist. She resumed the breathy, continuous moan. He commenced an angry baritone growl.

She loves it, thought Sarah, more than anything in her life. She loves getting "rogered" - she'd read that expression in her secret literature - by this turbaned naked youth who, a moment ago, she had been beating over her lap. Now she's got that long, thick, black-brown appendage right up her well-lubricated cunt - that was the only word, again from her secret cache of obscene books, from her conversations with the youthful David Lawrence...

Felicity was whispering in the ear of her brown-limbed lover. A short pause ensued. Then he obeyed her request and rolled off her body. He was standing, his prick slimy and shiny. For her part Felicity rolled off the lion skin to lie limbs askew on the carpeted floor. Again, like a lioness on heat. Raj hauled the lion skin up and, with a broad, prurient grin, draped it over his shoulders, the lion head with bared teeth devouring his turbaned head. He was something different now: a half-man half-demon from a mythical forest with one mission - to get his great beastly prick plunged deep back in that well-lubricated human vagina. Now he fell on her with a ferocious growl.

"A lion...I'm...with a lion!" Her exclamation was hysterical. "I'm being FUCKED by a lion-man!"

Sarah was shocked. Where had she got that word from? From what collective unconscious had she dredged it?

"Yessss!" growled Raj. "The lion man is fucking you, white English lady!"

"I can feel your big lion cock right up my juicy...!"

She was almost howling with the abandon of pleasure.

The two were moving to another mighty climax.

Felicity's white legs were locked around the lion skin on his back when the two of them exploded. This time her howls were so so loud Sarah imagined her with a megaphone clamped to her lips. She was certain her bellow must have echoed down the stairs and corridors of the entire school. Raj's head was thrown back, eyes to to the ceiling, and his guttural growl was a triumphant shout.

They collapsed. And just lay there.

The skin slipped off Raj. He was a naked brown boy again, lying on top of his white teacher.

Their panting slowly subsided.

She started talking softly. She told him that she and two other young teachers had access to the Principal's library in her bungalow residence while she had been off in New Delhi. They had stumbled upon a secret cache of books. They had been in a locked cupboard but in fact the lock had sprung open, almost by chance - well, with a little probing.

Sarah almost lent forward, her insides seized up. Her books...her secret literature...had been discovered.

Felicity was saying she and her friends had found a treasure trove of forbidden literature, stories of what men and women really did when they had the chance. For two weeks the girls had absorbed every volume. It had made them very excited. There were several stories about young buxom governesses spanking schoolboys with huge endowments. And of teacher and pupil then discovering the joys their bodies could produce together. These stories had particularly enthralled Felicity and her friends.

There were other stories about a wicked step-mother introducing her step-son and step-daughter to mutual "frigging" or "shagging," about maids joining masters in fabulous revels in the bedrooms and grounds of country houses, about the wives of clergymen lying down on the straw in barns with stable boys while their husbands secretly watched and pleasured themselves.

The participants peeped on one another through keyholes, pursued one another's "bubbies" and "ballocks" and "muffs" and "pegos"; they sucked and licked, "rogered" and "frigged," they "tossed" one another off, did it with brother and sister, aunt and uncle. They used tongue, finger and dildo and did it with more than one partner. Men ended up in petticoats and panties, women with contraptions belted to them. Men and women spanked one another. They did it in barns, carriages, hotel kitchens and under tables. Women would pleasure women with tongue and finger and various aids to be found in the pantry or concealed in deep cupboards. Sometimes a woman would be entered rear and front - wonderfully, at the one time. In the stories the ladies started reluctantly, shyly, but ended up being as crazed for it as the men. And always came back for more.

The young women read aloud to one another, at first with much blushing and giggling. Then with mounting gusto. And Felicity admitted, in even lower breath, that she and her friends had experimented with one another - in fact, on their Principal's bed, with the blinds pulled low, and the three had done it with the kind of humor and enthusiasm the characters in the secret literature had shown. They had "tossed off" one another, kissed, and applied their tongues to their friends' private parts. The three of them together, glueing their mouths to friends' "muffs." And stroking one another's breasts, kissing one another's nipples. Once they had used a cucumber, just like the activity described in the naughty novels.

The three girls realized they had never been told the truth. Now they were learning the secret gardens that men and women revelled in, of what they could do with their bodies if they...well, took a deep breath and did what their bodies had been telling them to do all along.

Which is what, she sighed, she and Raj had just been doing.

She told him he was a better lover than any in Sarah's books and she had loved doing it with him much, much more than the games with her two friends. None of the things we girls did, she said, could compete with the feeling of Raj's "thing" up her "cunt."

Raj said he and his friends sometimes pleasured themselves in the dormitories and the bathrooms. But there had been much more activity since the nude punishments started. Going naked, being looked at by women and seeing their friends with "engorgements" seemed to make many boys "very, very eager." When one of his colleagues, Asoka, returned from an hour on nude corridor punishment he had roamed the dormitory naked and erect and entered the beds of at least five other boys, gaining relief. So did Prasan after his nude, anti-self-abuse punishments, masturbating brazenly in the showers and grabbing other boys from behind. Some boys were always seeking to touch Raj's member, some to suck it. A few boys would allow him to enter them but he would only manage it if there were some aromatic Indian oil on hand.

"That makes them like women," he explained.

But he added that it was nowhere as delicious as the feeling he enjoyed when his member had plunged into Felicity's juicy hole. "That was like heaven," he sighed.

At home his father had many books like those Miss had read and he had urged his sons to read them. He said the stories always made him very "eager and restless." Once after reading some nineteenth century erotic literature he had had to pleasure himself five times, sometimes to find an experienced older maid to help. "There is some old Hindu wisdom," he said. " 'The hand or the penis - what will get tired first?' "

When Miss came to their home in the mountains he would slip into her room. They would strip off all their clothes, they would read these books in bed together.

"And we will do those secret things."

He was moving on top of her again. And she was plainly excited by what she had been saying and by his revelations. The world was, in fact, how it was described in those books.

But time had run out. There would be no excuse if she were found like this. She hauled up bloomers and pants, straightened her skirts. They stood facing each other...clothed female, naked male again.

Flushed and fulfilled, she had something more to say. There was something he would need to do for her.

Miss Maitland wanted Sarah to start to discipline boys more...discipline in the corridor sense. Her career at the school would depend on it. Even her opportunity to be allowed to spend that month with Raj's family where...yes, they would have many hours together. She knew Raj was terrified of being seen by the maids but she would have to insist. And it would have to be now, today, so Miss Maitland would see him on her return.

The boy hung his head. His loathing of being seen by the maids was bred in his bones. From her hideout Sarah knew this would be the moment, the test. For him, for her, for all of them.

The boy nodded.

He had been broken. Submissiveness flooded his veins. Naked into the world in the care of women, naked in their care now. And if sari-clad maids would stare and mock then that was part of his new subdued, obedient male role.

They sealed their understanding with a kiss.

Felicity led him by the ear - naked except for the turban, his member, fully engorged and shiny, pointing his way. They left the study and closed the door behind them. Sarah thought when the maids saw him, for the first time naked, they would not believe their luck - this was the day they won the lottery.

She waited a minute and then crept from the cupboard. She slunk at her desk and slid into deep thought. There was so much work to do. There was, for example, the nude cricket game to be played for charity before a gathering of white ladies. She had resolved to do it: the ladies, under their parasols, would be served by the school's maids, the boys would be running and bowling and batting naked. It would last for an entire afternoon. They would hate it. She must ensure those English schoolgirls get to join the crowd as well. And a special invitation to the sisters of the boys required to play.

Lying in front of her was a recently received letter from the West Indies, from a colonial administrator who had heard of her educational leadership in Bombay, especially her approach to disciplining young males, and inviting her to run a college in Jamaica. It was a well-endowed school for senior boys from Negro families, grandsons of slaves. The boys were big and athletic and full of energy. Discipline was even a greater challenge than in India. The conditions would be good, the support from the trustees for anything she wanted unquestioning. Discipline would be entirely her's to enforce.

She thought of cricket, under the Caribbean sun. And corridor punishment...

There was a letter, too, from a Maharajah, the uncle of a boy at the school who believed his nephew had benefited enormously. He himself had been raised on this nude discipline and was a great believer in Total Clothing Deprivation as practiced by "good ladies such as yourself." He was a widower and he enclosed a photo showing himself as a fine looking man. He proposed Miss Maitland visit him in Rajasthan and even accompany him to the south where he proposed to show her some little-seen cave sculptures which "may be seen to reflect our philosophy."

Oh yes, those Khajuraho cave temples where the relief sculptures explore the tumbling variety of human desire, the pluralism of Hindu sensuality, the Indian science of love. She could well believe there were depictions of males without any clothing other than pendant jewelry, subdued and submissive, standing under the pitious gaze of temple priestesses.

There would be time, she thought.

But now another priority, an urgent one. She went to the door and locked it. She picked up the paper weight elephant tusk from her desk and took it with her to the leather sofa. Seating, she breathed the fragrances hanging in the air from the recent wild activity. She found the odors intoxicating. She noticed the sofa was drenched in a mix of fluids. She ran her finger over it and held it to her nostrils. She reached up under her skirt and drew down her bloomers and panties and hitched up her dress.

There was moisturizer in her desk and some Indian oils. But she wouldn't need them.

She maneuvered the tusk, pointed end first, to a humid cave of her own. She let her head fall back and closed her eyes.

Yes, there would be time.