Disciplining Young Gentlemen
byCharles Petersunn©

This story is a sequel to "Disciplining Young Ladies." To avoid requiring that you read the earlier story, some material from that story is repeated in this sequel. However, optimal appreciation of this story might be obtained through first reading the prequel. The sequel is in the CFNM tradition, with spanking and humiliation. If you don't like CFNM, spanking, or humiliation you really shouldn't read this story, and seek instead stories more to your liking (and, goodness, there are so many to choose from!). Please do note, all characters in this story are at least 18 years old. And, once again, my sincere thanks to StoryPal for his very helpful and instructive editing!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Miss Harding had agreed to provide a demonstration of the New School method of disciplining young gentlemen to visiting faculty. Mr. Eric Stratton and Miss Mandy Pepperidge, from Longwood College, had asked Mr. Peters to provide them a demonstration of his disciplinary techniques. The New School method of college discipline was gaining considerable national reputation for its innovative approaches, and Longwood College was having a particularly difficult time with miscreant, insubordinate, and recalcitrant students (the members of the Delta Tau Chi fraternity were especially troublesome).

Mr. Peters graciously assented, and had provided the visiting faculty what turned out to be a very informative, useful, and even stimulating demonstration of the proper New School method of disciplining young ladies (see "Disciplining young ladies"). Mr. Peters felt it was most appropriate that they also view the comparable approach for disciplining young gentlemen, and this responsibility fell on the shoulders of Miss Harding. In the New School approach, optimal discipline is provided by a member of the opposite sex.

The students in Miss Harding's biology class had been told to expect this, and a few of them had in fact been disciplined before, but knowing that it was coming or having experienced it before, didn't necessarily make it any easier. In fact, knowing that it was coming could make it all the more difficult. The anticipatory anxiety, the wondering and worrying about what might happen, could in fact be worse than the embarrassment and humiliation of being so shamefully disciplined in front of fellow students. Well, it probably wasn't really worse, but whether it was worse or not, it was probably best not to worry about it in advance, as the worrying didn't really help. Still, it was so difficult not to wonder and worry.

"Alright then, boys, girls, listen up," Miss Harding said, getting the students to settle down and shift their attention to the front of the class. "That means you too, Benjamin," directing her attention specifically to Benjamin Cosby. He seemed to always be the last one to quiet down. "As indicated on the syllabus, today we will be demonstrating for our illustrious guests from Longwood College the method of discipline we use within this course."

Deep breaths of apprehension coursed through the class.

"We are, of course, very delighted to have this opportunity to assist our sister college, Longwood." She turned to her guests. "I assume that your experience in Mr. Peters' class was suitably illustrative."

"Yes, yes," Mr. Stratton spoke up, rather excitedly. "Very instructive! Very stimulating."

Miss Pepperidge glanced at him, a little surprised at his emphatic enthusiasm, but she concurred. "Yes, it was really very encouraging, even inspirational." It had in fact been a very stimulating experience for her as well but also, in the end, rather frustrating, the relief from which she hurriedly obtained once she was in the privacy of her hotel room.

"I'm so glad. I am, of course, personally familiar with Mr. Peters' methods."

Both Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge wondered what precisely Miss Harding meant by being "personally" familiar. You could understand her statement in a couple of different ways, and Mr. Stratton felt himself swelling already at the thought of disciplining Miss Harding, or at least observing her being disciplined, as she was indeed a strikingly attractive woman.

Miss Harding was 34 years old, with blue eyes, long lashes, and curly blond hair that draped softly across her shoulders. The boys found her figure to be most attractive, and she didn't seem to mind showing it off. She would typically wear rather tight dresses, as she had done today, that accentuated nicely the curves of her bottom and breasts. Many of the boys had considerable difficulty keeping their minds on her lectures, watching instead the movement of her breasts and bottom when she walked about the class or lectured at the blackboard. It was particularly nice to see her bottom wiggle as she wrote on the board. It also didn't help that she was often so nicely scented with quite enticing perfume. Templeton College did not allow coeds to wear perfume, and so its presence on a faculty member was notably provocative.

Miss Harding, apparently oblivious to the double meaning of her statement, continued, "Mr. Peters is certainly the master of the New School approach, but he does tend to entrust the disciplining of young gentlemen to me, and I do hope that you will find our session this afternoon to be at least as comparably instructive as it had been with Mr. Peters."

"Oh yes, I'm sure it will be!" Miss Pepperidge enthusiastically intoned, prompting now a glance from Mr. Stratton.

"Alright then, let's get right to it. Anthony Segerstrom, why don't you come on down." She smiled to herself, feeling like she was imitating Bob Barker, or actually now, Drew Carey (although it wasn't actually the host who said that). Anthony had indeed won the lottery of being the first model for her demonstration.

Anthony, though, didn't feel like he had won anything at all. "You picked me?"

Miss Harding responded a bit sarcastically. "Well, let me see, did I? Well, I did call your name. Yes, it would appear that I picked you."

"No, I mean, does it really have to be me?"

Miss Harding smiled. "Actually, Anthony, precisely because of that response it does have to be you." She turned to her guests, Miss Pepperidge and Mr. Stratton. "In the New School approach we like the punishment to fit the crime, and the first crime we will punish today is disrespect. Anthony is generally a very good student, and he doesn't get into any serious trouble. I have not in fact ever had to discipline him before. But, he can at times be a bit disrespectful: questioning authority, questioning decisions, questioning the instructor. Now, Anthony, if you would."

"Do I really have to?"

Well, if there was any doubt as to the appropriateness of this punishment, Anthony had dispelled all doubt with that comment. Miss Harding just smiled. She was going to enjoy disciplining this young man, although she did in fact enjoy pretty much every such session of instruction. "Yes, Anthony, it really has to be you. Now, before you make me decide to add an additional session, please get your bottom up to the front of the class."

Just her mention that his bottom would be the focus of her attention, and that of the rest of the class, made his heart race. He extricated himself from his desk and proceeded as instructed to the front of the class.

Miss Harding provided further introduction and explanation for today's events as Anthony reluctantly walked up the aisle. "Now, I'm sure you're disappointed, Anthony, that we won't be videotaping this session."

He stopped dead in his tracks. "You're going to videotape this?"

Miss Harding furrowed her brow. "Is that what I said?"

Tracy Flick, front and center of the class, where she always sat, raised her hand and offered, "No, no you didn't, Miss Harding. On the contrary, you said that you wouldn't be videotaping it."

"Yes, yes, thank you, Tracy, that's precisely correct. It's good to see that someone was listening."

Tracy smiled proudly. Tracy was a very good student, although a bit of a toady brownnoser. She was also though rather pretty, with long wavy blonde hair, round blue eyes, pretty pink cheeks, and the most endearing, engaging smile. She knew that someday she would be a big famous scientist, or maybe a politician, or maybe a model. She knew she could pursue just about any career and it all lay before her.

"As I was explaining, Anthony, we will not be videotaping this session, as the demonstrations will at times involve the entire class and, unfortunately," she added, glancing around the room, as if she was looking for someone, "some of the parents did not provide consent for their children to be videotaped."

All of the students were at least eighteen years old and consent of the parents was not actually needed. Templeton, however, was a rather conservative college that worked closely with the students' parents, never implementing programs that they would not approve. It was in part for this reason that Templeton was a rather popular private college. The parents knew that their children would be well taken care of, and would not be allowed to engage in any untoward, unruly activity. And, the administration of Templeton was fully cognizant of the fact that it was the parents who paid the rather exorbitant Templeton tuition. They were not about to offend any deep pockets.

Anthony arrived at the front of the class.

"Excellent, now let's get started."

Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge proceeded to the back of the class, as they had done for Mr. Peters' demonstration. They preferred to be out of sight of the students so that they would be unobtrusive. They did not want their presence to have any impact on the proceedings as they wanted to observe the New School method as it would normally occur.

However, they also preferred the privacy of the back of the room for additional reasons, although Mr. Stratton seriously doubted that he would find today's exercise nearly as stimulating as had been the discipline of Miss Clorette DePasto. Miss Pepperidge, on the other hand, was considerably more expectant, and was now more appropriately dressed for the occasion. She was now wearing a rather long and loose pleated skirt and, most importantly, this time came prepared, having cut out the bottom of the right-hand pocket so that her hand could surreptitiously engage in some helpful, complementary activity.

The two visiting professors positioned themselves beside the last student in the first aisle, a very pretty young lady. Mr. Stratton smiled at that, and wondered if he would be as lucky today as he had been the day before, although he fully realized that without the darkening of the room, the likelihood of any dalliance with a student was substantially diminished.

"Anthony, if you would, drop your trousers and undies."

Anthony fully understood what was expected of him and began to remove his pants and underwear. He had not actually himself been disciplined in this manner before, but he had witnessed other male students being disciplined by Miss Harding, which made him all the more reluctant to proceed. All of the students figured that the most obvious choice for Miss Harding's demonstration would be students previously punished, such as Chris, Robert, or Ronald (see "Miss Harding teaches the boys a lesson"). However, Anthony's virginity with respect to the New School method was another reason he was a natural selection for today's demonstration. When illustrating the procedure, particularly for pedagogical purposes, it was best to have a novice student. The first initial miscreants that would be disciplined by Miss Pepperidge, or Mr. Stratton, would certainly be new to the experience. Besides, an experienced student might not have the more poignant reactions, perhaps being even somewhat jaded by the process. although Mr. Peters and Miss Harding had not themselves experienced this phenomenon. Only one or two sessions were typically enough to get the full effect.

Mr. Stratton watched Anthony with some apprehension, and sympathy. It was clear to him now that he would not find this to be a particularly arousing demonstration.

Miss Pepperidge, on the other hand, smiled as she watched the young man remove his trousers and jockey briefs. Her right hand slipped deep into her pocket, and through the hole.

Anthony at least had his back turned to the class when he pulled down his slacks and underwear, and he hoped that his shirt tail would provide him with some modest protection. Still, that was hardly much of a consolation. It was still embarrassing to drop his pants and jockeys in front of the class. Plus, he didn't realize that the girls still could see the bottom of his bottom peeking out from beneath his shirt. It really wasn't that long. There was a bit of tittering and giggling at the sight of the young man's white cheeks. As he began to step out of pants, Miss Harding corrected him.

"No, no, Anthony," Miss Harding asserted. She turned to the class or, more especially, the visiting faculty. "It is often best to have the naughty young man's trousers and undies remain around his ankles. This provides a very nice visual affirmation of his state of undress, plus it helps to constrict his movements during the course of the session." She turned back to Anthony. "Anthony, if you wouldn't mind, step over to the desk and assume the position."

He proceeded to the desk but quickly experienced the difficulty in walking with his trousers and underwear tangled around his ankles and feet. He had to avoid raising his feet off the floor, taking very small, sliding steps. This was really embarrassing.

A number of the students, both the boys and girls now, giggled at the sight.

"As you can see, it's a bit difficult for Anthony to even walk to the desk. He kind of looks like the naughty little boy who had an accident in his pants and is shuffling shamefully to his mommy for help, doesn't he, girls."

Miss Harding's imagery was facilitated by the fact that Anthony was a rather short, thin boy, with boyish brown eyes and tousled hair, and he did indeed feel like a very embarrassed little boy.

Anthony and Miss Pepperidge, actually everyone, did not miss the fact that Miss Harding had referred specifically to the girls of the class. Miss Pepperidge made a note of that. It added to the male student's self-consciousness to remind him of the fact that he was being observed by girls as he walked clumsily to the teacher's desk, his pants and underpants around his ankles.

"Excellent demonstration, Anthony," Miss Harding intoned.

"Yes, ma'am," he softly replied, as he proceeded awkwardly to her desk. But, he wasn't really walking this way on purpose, to help with her demonstration. He didn't really have much choice in the matter.

When he arrived he leaned over, resting on his elbows, his bottom facing the class. He didn't need to be instructed in that. He had seen a few boys, and girls, get into this position. It was a tremendous moment of expectation for him when it was a girl he was watching. It was a tremendous moment of expectation now as well, but one accompanied by anxiety and dread, rather than arousal.

Without any introduction or warning, Miss Harding tossed Anthony's shirt up over his back, revealing to the entire class his white, round bottom. There was considerable giggling among the girls. A couple of the boys laughed as well, but a number of them felt sorry for Anthony, and a few of them looked away, finding it rather awkward to be looking at another boy's bare bum.

"Now, Anthony," Miss Harding instructed, "Be a good boy and arch your back. You want to provide a nice presentation for your spanking."

He obviously didn't really want to do that, but he knew better than to object. He arched his back and raised up his bottom.

Miss Harding smiled in approval. "Yes, much better, Anthony." She turned to her guests. "This presentation can be difficult for a girl, as I am sure Mr. Peters had instructed, but it can be especially difficult for a boy." She explained, as she lightly patted the young man's bottom, "It can convey the impression that he is presenting himself not just for a spanking, but for a homosexual advance."

Anthony's face was already a bit red, but it flushed deeply at that intimation. He was not himself homosexual. Not that there was anything wrong with that, but he didn't particularly like the suggestion. He turned his face back to Miss Harding. "I'm not a homosexual, Miss Harding."

She turned back to him, her hand still resting on his perky fanny. She found the feel of a young man's taut little bum to be so pleasing and pleasurable. She wasn't really sure why, but she so much enjoyed fondling and caressing a boy's soft yet firm bottom, and she allowed herself to enjoy the opportunity once again as she responded to his declaration. After all, Anthony's derriere was cuter than most.

"Well, if you say so, Anthony." She slid the tips of her fingers up and down his butt crack. "But, it is really a shame as your bottom is so awfully cute and tempting. It's really very pretty." A few more giggles could be heard.

He turned his face back away from her. His insistence in being heterosexual didn't seem to have the effect he had desired, nor did it help that she was taking such liberties with his exposed butt. He decided that it was best to just keep his mouth shut, his bottom raised.

Mr. Stratton could see why it was best, or at least easier, for a female teacher to discipline the boys. He would have difficulty with this part.

Miss Harding turned back to the class. "Now, another advantage of this position is that the boy's little testicles can often be seen peeking out from between his thighs."

Anthony instinctively squeezed his thighs together and, not surprisingly, Miss Harding corrected him. "Now Anthony, don't be a squirrel and hide your little acorns. Let the class see them."

Anthony squeezed his eyes shut but opened up his legs.

"There they are!" Tracy squealed.

"Yes, yes, indeed, Tracy," Miss Harding agreed, as Anthony's testicles came into view. "Poke your bottom up a bit higher, Anthony, so everyone can see your curly little tea bag."

He did as she instructed, feeling the eyes of the students, probably Tracy more than the rest, gleefully gawking at his testicles.

Miss Harding crouched down, reached in between his thighs, and lightly cupped them on the tips of her fingers. They did look very darling resting on the tips of her fingers, like two little bird eggs.

Anthony flinched a bit at the intrusive touch, but tried to relax, as Miss Harding took another opportunity to admire and to play with a boy's parts. She very carefully explored them, fondled them, and even tickled them a bit, causing Anthony to squirm and wiggle his bottom, much to the pleasure of the girls watching, but so very embarrassing for the young man.

Miss Harding explained. "Boys are often very apprehensive about their jewels." She bounced them up and down on her fingers. "They act all big and tough, showing off their muscles and everything, but they aren't so tough when it comes to these little guys." She instructed Anthony, "Up on your tippy toes, Anthony, let all the girls get a real good look.

Anthony wrapped his face in his hands as he got up on his tip toes and thrust his bottom up higher.

Miss Harding used her fingers to display them more prominently to the class. "Girls, don't you think they're so terribly cute?"

A few of the girls didn't think they were so cute at all, but most did feel that his pose and Miss Harding's teasing was cute, or at least pretty darned amusing.

Miss Harding removed her hand, stood up and, without warning, administered a series of spanks.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Anthony was naturally quite surprised and his bottom instinctively danced and pranced as he ineffectively, helplessly, tried to avoid the smacks, his little nuts swinging and bouncing between his thighs.

Miss Harding stopped as quickly as she started. "There, it's already turning a bit pink. Alright, Anthony, you can stand up."

Anthony's eyes widened in surprise. That was it? That was all? That was bad, but it was a lot less than he thought it would be. His bottom stung a little bit, but not really very much and, most importantly, it hadn't lasted long at all. That stuff about his testicles was pretty rough, but it was now in fact over. He stood back up and even smiled as he waited for her instruction to pull his pants and underwear back up.

"Alright then, Anthony, step back a bit and reach down to touch your toes."

Apparently it wasn't over. He shouldn't really have been surprised. It would have been a surprise if it was over. It was just wishful thinking. He bent over to touch his toes, which wasn't all that easy as he wasn't a particularly limber, athletic young man. Still, he did at least have a narrow waist; no bloated tummy to hinder his movement. However, the down side with this position immediately became evident.

Giggles and groans could be heard through the class as Anthony's bottom stretched out and open, his puckered little anus coming into view.

"This position, as you can so readily see, is much more revealing. Anthony's pink peach cheeks are spreading out like a little flower and you can observe his pretty little rose bud winking at us, all cheerful and friendly, so happy to be out in the open air." She gave it a little tickle with the tip of her finger, just to say hello.

Anthony's anus might not have been winking before, but her tickling it, as well as calling attention to it, did cause him to squeeze and clench his sphincter, in protest of her intrusively intimate touch of such a personal and embarrassing spot. But, by doing so he was only drawing more attention to it, indeed making it wink at the class as Miss Harding had suggested.

Many of the girls openly laughed at the sight, although some groaned with disgust at being presented with such an obscene display of a boy's asshole. Miss Pepperidge's face flushed with amusement, and self-consciousness at being so amused. She had to admit that she found the sight of the young man's little bottom hole rather cute, and she glanced to the side at Mr. Stratton to see if he had noticed her interest.

Mr. Stratton was in fact having some difficulty watching the exercise, finding the sight of the boy's butt hole to be a little discomforting. Many of the boys in the class did in fact look away, finding the sight to be very disconcerting.

"And, well, my goodness, Anthony's lovely little walnuts now look so fresh and healthy in their little purse, like they're ready to be picked. I wonder..." She bent over further to look past them. "I wonder if we can also see his little pee-pee as well, but, no, no..." She looked around and around in between his thighs. "No, afraid not, there is no sight of him. He must be all curled up and asleep." She turned back to the class and with a playful smile on her pretty lips, she suggested, "Let's see if we can wake the little fellow up."

Many of the girl's eyes lit up, as did those of Miss Pepperidge. Her heart beat faster at the thought of making a young man get a boner right in front of a class. She softly ran her fingers along her panties, along her mound, her slit, beneath her skirt.

Anthony's eyes lit up as well, both with fright, with confusion, and with excitement. He wasn't at all sure how he felt about ths. What boy would not want his pretty teacher to play with his balls, to get him all excited. But, what boy would want it to be done in front of all of the other students in class, in front of all the girls in the class.

Miss Harding lightly drew her fingers along the soft, round balls.

Anthony squirmed in discomfort, and pleasure. He had not yet felt the touch of a girl, let alone a beautiful woman, on his private parts, until this class. Miss Harding's earlier touch had been more intrusive than sensual. This time she was caressing, rather than offending, his balls. He wasn't sure how he should react, whether he could react.

"A boy can enjoy very much the tender touch of a woman's, a girl's, fingers on his testicles, if she is indeed considerate, sensitive, and gentle."

Tracy Flick watched closely. She always took very good notes and pretty much all the time obtained the highest grade in the class. This was certainly a very intriguing and important lesson.

Anthony really did not want to get an erection. It would be so terribly embarrassing, but what boy could resist the pleasure, the enjoyment, the bliss of a woman's licentious touch. He struggled to maintain control, but it was a losing battle, he knew that. His dick swelled between his legs, rapidly growing with her womanly caress. He had never touched his balls when he masturbated. His attention was always focused elsewhere, on the more immediate matter at hand. Leave it to an instructor to increase your knowledge, to teach you something so new, so important, so helpful to your future, and current, growth and development.

Miss Harding looked around to the front side of him, which was open to her view, as his legs were not tight against the desk. She could see his penis beginning to respond, and she smiled, with pride, and interest.

She continued to lightly caress and fondle his balls, all the while watching him get bigger, and bigger, and bigger.

The class waited silently, in rapt silent attention, the girls' hearts beating with anticipation, the boys nervously shuffling their feet, Miss Pepperidge softly fingering her panties.

Anthony reached his full length, lost in the bliss and pleasure of the teacher's womanly fingers on his tender, sensitive balls.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Miss Harding had suddenly ended her caressing to resume her spanking. "Little boys should not get erections in class!" she exclaimed, inexplicably.

He yipped in surprise and resumed the bouncing and prancing of his bottom.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Now, you get rid of the dirty little boner, young man," she sternly instructed.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Yes ma'am! Yes ma'am!" He frantically responded, not quite sure how to in fact will it away.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

His bottom stung with each smack, and his embarrassment grew with each twist, turn, and waving of his bottom. He felt like he was back in the third grade, his pants down, his bottom up, being spanked like a little boy. If he had indeed been a bad boy before, he would most certainly behave himself now.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Miss Harding stepped back and again instructed, "Alright then, Anthony, you can stand up."

This time he was not so naive to think that it was over, and it certainly wasn't.

Miss Harding turned to her desk and removed a small piece of rectangular cloth, with two strings hanging off of the edges of one side. "Anthony, if you wouldn't mind, turn around and face the class."

He furrowed his brow apprehensively as he watched her pick up the small piece of cloth. What was that for?

"Lift up your shirt, Anthony."

He looked nervously and plaintively at Miss Harding. "Do I really have to?"

Miss Harding shook her head. This boy had apparently not learned much at all. Well, the lesson wasn't over, not by a long shot. "Yes, Anthony, unless you want more spanking."

He didn't want that, but he certainly didn't want to lift up his shirt so that everyone, all the girls, and all the boys, could see his penis. Frankly, he would very gladly have a bunch more spanks rather than do that, but he also knew that the spanks would just end with another request, or command, to lift up his shirt. Eventually, his shirt would come up, whether he did it himself or she did it for him. He lifted up his shirt, and was greeted with considerably louder feminine giggling, pointing, and whispering.

A few of the boys laughed as well, some of them making rather derogatory remarks. Fortunately, or unfortunately, depending upon one's perspective, Anthony had lost much of his erection during the course of the spanking. It was now only about a third erect. So, the good news was that it wasn't as small as it could be, but the bad news was that it wasn't as large as it could be. In fact, much less large than it could be.

Tracy Flick asked, "Miss Harding, are they all this small when they have a boner? I thought boys' penises get real, real big."

Pretty much everybody laughed at that. Even Miss Harding had to chuckle a bit.

Tracy defended herself. "Well, they do, don't they?"

But, that remark only dug herself a deeper hole.

Miss Harding tried to be supportive. She didn't want to embarrass the poor girl, as she was such a very good student. "Oh yes, dear, they certainly do get very much bigger.

Many of the boys appreciated her pointing that out, although Anthony certainly didn't. He could hear some of the boys' derogatory comments, particularly those of Benjamin, who was in the second row.

His comments were not particularly complimentary. He chuckled about how it was probably the smallest one he had ever seen. Anthony wondered if he should point out that it shouldn't be a great source of pride for a guy to say that he had seen a lot, and was even into comparing sizes. But, he sorely doubted that anything he could say right now would actually help with the humiliation of having to stand in front of the class and show everyone his little erection. He tried scowling at the class, but his aggressive glare was more than offset by this pathetic peanut penis presentation.

Miss Harding crouched down beside him or, more precisely, beside his penis. "Now class," she admonished, "Let's stop this giggling. We don't want to embarrass the boy any more than we have to." That really wasn't true at all. It was integral to the New School method to embarrass a recalcitrant miscreant to a rather significant degree, and openly verbalizing, announcing, that he was being publicly embarrassed was useful in further escalating his self-consciousness. She would have liked to explain that to Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge, but that might in fact diminish the effect. She would explain it to them later.

"Now, Anthony's difficulty is a lack of adequate expression of respect and honor. As I said, in the New School method it is often useful to have the punishment fit the crime. So, in matters such as this, we often use the 'Honor the Flag' exercise." She first held up her little flag so the class could see, and then proceeded to tie its strings around Anthony's penis.

As she did so, she further explained. "We used to use an American flag. I thought it was quite patriotic but some felt that it was itself disrespectful to tie an American flag to a penis, so we now use the flag of Templeton College. I don't know. I kind of miss the American flag."

The Templeton flag consisted of the motto, "Dream, Challenge, Succeed," beneath which were a couple of textbooks, on the left side of which was a boy's black tie and a girl's Mary Janes on the right.

"Now," Miss Harding instructed, "you must first tie the flag to the shaft of the penis. It's sometimes difficult to estimate how far apart the strings should be strung, and it's especially difficult when the flag pole is as small as this." She smiled as she heard the giggling and laughter.

Anthony rolled his eyes in exasperated embarrassment and looked to the side. He was reminded of when his mother continued to tie his shoes when she dropped him off at school, even though he had long since demonstrated that he could tie them himself. One time she in fact even checked his zipper, right in front of a group of girls. Well, this was pretty much worse. It was uncomfortable enough to have this flag being tied to his penis, but did she really have to add insult to the injury by referring to how small he was? Actually, it wasn't an injury, it was insult piled on insult. It might be injurious if she tied it on real tight, but the loops in fact felt rather loose.

Miss Harding stood back up when she had gotten it as firmly attached as necessary. She smiled at her handiwork, but it really wasn't very impressive. It was hanging there as limp as his penis.

"Miss Harding," Tracy exclaimed, "I don't think you tied it tight enough. It could just slip off, and you're not suppose to let the Templeton flag touch the ground."

"That's very observant of you, Tracy."

Very little escaped Tracy's eyes, and she was always quick with her observations, her help. "Thank you, Miss Harding," she proudly responded.

"Actually, it needs to be tied a bit loosely for now, because," she explained, turning toward Anthony, "You must now raise the flag so everyone can salute it."

"What?" Was she really suggesting what he was thinking she was suggesting?

"You heard me, young man. Straighten out the flag pole so the flag is fully unfurled."

The eyes of all of the girls widened, and many of them smiled, anticipating once again that they were about to see a boy's naked erection.

Anthony knew exactly what she meant, or at least he thought he did, and it was really very difficult to imagine that it could in fact be true. She wanted him to get hard right in front of the class. And jerking off was the only way he could imagine getting hard.

Now, jerking off is always good fun and, like any healthy boy, he did it quite a bit. And, further, jerking off for a girl would be real fun as well. If a girl had ever suggested or asked him to do it for her, he would have gladly complied. In fact, as he thought about it, he would be glad to do it for a whole bunch of girls. Imagine how much fun it would be to show off your erection at a girls' slumber party or something (see "The boys are caught peeping"). But, this was really a bit different. In fact, a lot different. This was being done for his punishment, his humiliation. He reached down for his penis.

"No, no, no," Miss Harding admonished. "You can't use your hands. That would be too easy, and plus the flag might slip off." She smiled with amusement. She knew she shouldn't. A teacher shouldn't take pleasure in the struggles of her students, but sometimes they were so cute and endearing as they floundered about through an assignment.

Anthony felt like countering that there really would be nothing easy about jerking off in front of the class. However, it was plenty much a lot harder to do it without using his hands. In fact, he had never actually tried to do that before: just will an erection while standing there naked. Could he really do that? And, in front of the class?

"Just think happy thoughts," Miss Harding suggested.

Anthony closed his eyes and tried to forget where he was. He tried to think of a girl he had the hots for, like Penny Anderson. She was in fact, currently, his most popular masturbation fantasy, thinking of her slowly taking off her clothes, getting down on her knees to slip his cock into her mouth.

But, Tracy then giggled, as did a few other girls. "I don't think he can do it, Miss Harding," she observed.

Miss Harding asked Anthony, "Is it difficult for you to get erections, Anthony? Is this a common problem for you? You know, if your parents provide a medical excuse from a doctor, indicating your erectile dysfunction, I will certainly relieve you of this responsibility."

Anthony opened his eyes. "I'm fine, Miss Harding. I don't have a problem." She was offering him a way to get out of this, but he hardly wanted everyone, particularly the girls, to think that he had erectile dysfunction.

"Well, I am sorry to say Anthony that for every minute you fail to make any progress, you will be spanked.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Yikes!" he squealed at the sudden return of the spanking.

She smacked him with her left hand, and his penis began to flap and flounder in the air as he pranced clumsily in his slacks still tangled around his ankles. She quickly held onto his penis with her right hand. She didn't want the flag to fall off.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

It was once again a confusing moment for Anthony. On the one hand he was being harshly spanked on his bottom, but this jumping and thrusting to escape her wicked hand only further increased the pleasure of her wonderful hand, the one holding onto his penis, which was inadvertently fondling, even stroking him, as he bounced and wiggled his hips.

As she spanked him on one side and held him on the other, she explained, "Refusing to raise the flag when you are fully capable of doing so, Anthony, is very disrespectful."

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

She stopped her spanking and removed her hand from his penis, but rested her other hand on his bottom, both for reassurance, and her own pleasure. "Now, I will give you another chance, but you must honor the flag of Templeton by raising it up high."

Anthony gave up on thinking about Penny as he could not get out of his mind his present condition, particularly as he would repeatedly hear a giggle or a whisper. Therefore, rather than work against his plight, he embraced it. He imagined he was at a girls' slumber party, that they had asked him to come to their party so that they could see, for the first time, a boy's penis. In his mind, they were in their nighties and PJ's, sitting around in front of him, whispering, pointing and giggling with nervous glee. They had asked him to come to their sleepover because he was such a good looking and popular boy, many of them had a crush on him, and they so much wanted to see a boy have an erection. They would sometimes make teasing, even a little insulting, remarks, but he knew it was because they were just scared and apprehensive of seeing such a big, hard, masculine cock.

It worked. He was helped though by the feel of Miss Harding's wicked hand turning into wonderful hand as it was now lightly caressing his bottom as he delved deeper into his fantasy, his imagination. A good teacher must inspire, as well as scold, the student, and her fingers dancing along his bottom were indeed inspirational. And his fantasy grew to include one of the girls gleefully tickling, caressing, fondling his bottom as he beat off for them.

As the fantasy developed in his mind he could feel the blood beginning to course into his limp, shriveled penis. It was always such a wonderfully pleasant feeling, once his cock began to grow. And, once it started to swell, the pleasure built on itself, making it easier and easier to embrace his fantasy, and even the reality.

As Anthony's penis began to swell many of the girls indeed giggled and whispered in nervous anticipation. Many of them were not at all experienced in such matters, and this was indeed a very exciting moment. Presented for their interest, their edification, was a boy's penis actually swelling and growing before their eyes, like it had a life of its own, like they were seeing a time-lapse film of a drooping little young sprout that woke up from its slumber and before their eyes grew up to be a big stout manly trunk, crowned at the top by a big purple plum. It was actually pretty darn impressive, at least to many of the girls.

It certainly felt good for Anthony. He even opened his eyes when it got to about full erection, leaving the fantasy in his mind of the girls oohing and ahhing in admiration of the magnificently huge cock being displayed before them, their titties spilling out of their nighties as they were mesmerized by the sight of this so terribly impressive cock. He left that fantasy for the reality of seeing before him the eyes of the fully dressed girls wide open with interest, embarrassment, pleasure, and probably for some even admiration, at least so he felt. This exercise wasn't so bad after all.

And, the flag did indeed impressively rise and unfurl before them, the two strings stretching out, the space between them widening. Miss Harding patted Anthony's bottom in recognition for doing such a fine job. "Very good Anthony! Alright class, the flag of Templeton has been raised. Let's all give it a hearty salute!"


They all saluted, some of the girls, including Tracy and Melissa, with enthusiasm. Most of the boys tried to make it comedic, they didn't want to let anyone think they would salute another boy's penis. Some of the girls thought about their boyfriends' larger penises but saluted as though they were serious anyway. Anthony beamed with pride and even thrust out his pelvis as he gazed upon the girls in the class, all saluting his stiff hard penis, pointing out and up so strongly and manly. Even Miss Pepperidge, the pretty professor from Longwood, saluted. That was pretty cool. He ignored the boys' insincere salutes and focused his attention largely on the girls, most of whom had big grins on their faces. It's possible that, inside, they were laughing at him, maybe even likely. He chose to believe that they were smiling with a more prurient interest, if not appreciation and admiration. He wondered if Miss Harding might even have them pledge allegiance.

He looked over at Miss Harding. She was still saluting. He knew she wasn't laughing at him. In fact, she again reached down to lightly cup his balls. She rested them in her palm as she affectionately, tenderly, caressed them with her fingers.

She was doing this in large part because she enjoyed playing with a boy's balls, but it was also to help keep the flag raised. As she explained, "We take great pride in our college and embrace every opportunity to display our respect for its fine accomplishments and renowned heritage. Anthony has demonstrated his ability to raise the flag in pride and glory and we, at Templeton, salute our flag and his achievement."

Anthony sighed with pleasure at her strong statements of support for and appreciation of his accomplishment, but frankly more so for the wonderfully pleasurable feel of her feminine fingers once again softly caressing his balls.

Miss Harding further explained, "Pain and embarrassment are indeed part of the New School method of discipline, but it's also important if you are to engage the young man, if you are to get him to be sincerely committed to the process of healthy growth, to also have the experience be pleasurable and enjoyable, the third component of the New School method."

But, then, suddenly, the flag slipped down its pole and lay crumpled on his balls. A few of the girls groaned in disappointment. A few of the other girls, as well as the boys, chuckled with amusement.

"Now, now," Miss Harding said, "That's not a problem." She crouched down to fix it. "I did not make the loops tight enough. I guess I was expecting the flag pole to be a bit thicker in girth." The giggles returned.

Anthony looked to the side in frustration as she tightened the loops.

To ensure that this brief moment of self-conscious embarrassment did not cause him to lose his stature altogether, she softly caressed and stroked his cock as she made the strings fit more tightly.

He did appreciate that. He looked down at her, partly out of curiosity and concern. Not too many boys will ignore it when someone is tying a string around their penis. But, he was also looking to enjoy the sight of the proximity of his teacher's pretty face to his hard-on. Not too many boys would ignore that.

When she was done, she even leaned in close and gave the head of his cock a little kiss. That drew quite a bit of gasps from the girls, and considerable attention from the boys. She explained, "The teacher should always provide an extra special salute for fine work well done."

Miss Harding grasped hold of Anthony's underwear and began to pull them back up.

"I can do it, I can do it," Anthony asserted, finding it to be a bit demeaning to have his teacher help him get back into his underwear in front of the class, like he was a little boy who, as yet, needed help in dressing himself.

"No, no. I think you might need some help with this." Miss Harding always enjoyed dressing, and undressing, young men, and never missed an opportunity. However, he would actually need some help. "We do not want the flag to be buried within your undies and once raised it's important to keep it flying for the duration of the class." She looked up into his eyes. "We wouldn't just lower the American flag once we pledge our allegiance, would we?"

"No, no, I s'pose not," but he really didn't want to realize what she seemed to be suggesting.

"Now, here," she said, as she pulled the waistband of his jockey briefs way out and opened up wide the flap. "You slip the flag through this opening. Be careful not to let it touch your undies." She turned back to the class. "Having a flag touch a boy's underpants really would not be respectful, would it?"

"No, Miss Harding," many of the girls replied. "It wouldn't."

She smiled at their appreciation of her concern.

Anthony used his hand to carefully slip his hard flag pole through the flap. Having the flag make contact with his briefs was really unavoidable but Miss Harding didn't criticize him for that. There was no real point in providing any unnecessary criticism or disparagement.

Once his hard cock was successfully poking out through his briefs, she let him arrange his underwear so that it felt the most comfortable. In the meantime, she pulled up his slacks. When she got them to his thighs she pulled the fly open and carefully slid it by his erection. She didn't want his skin to catch on the zipper. "There you are," she said, handing off the slacks to the young man. "You can button yourself up and do the belt, and we will then have a nice flag display through the rest of the class."

What he feared she was suggesting was true. "You want me to keep it out the rest of the class?"

"Oh yes, of course. Everyone will want to see the flag. It's so inspirational, don't you think?"

That really wasn't the word he would use to describe it.

"You can just stand over there, to the side. Be sure to keep it raised as high as you can."

He started walking over to the side of the room. It was a pretty cute sight. He looked like the head of an Olympic parade, marching out in front, his flag pole jutting from his body, the flag waving in the air.

"Not too far, Anthony. Just stand right there, next to Melissa."

"Beside Melissa?" Why would he do that? He kind of preferred getting as far away from the front of the class as possible.

Miss Harding though did have a good explanation. "She can help keep an eye on the flag, and maybe even help you keep it up. Would you be willing to help Anthony out, Melissa?"

"Oh yes, Miss Harding, I would be very happy to do so."

Melissa was a good student, and a very helpful one. Plus, she kind of liked the opportunity to be able to handle and play with the boy's penis. Some of the girls would have found the task to be aversive, if not offensive. But, Melissa found the task appealing. "I'll keep a close eye on it."

"You're so sweet, Melissa. Isn't she, Anthony."

"Yes, ma'am," he quietly replied, and took his position standing next to Melissa, feeling so mortified to have to display his erection for this girl, who seemed quite amused by his silly flag display.

"Now then," Miss Harding announced, "We need our next volunteer, this time to demonstrate one of the New School methods for disciplining boys who talk too much in class."

All the boys' mouths instantly clamped shut, but it was pretty obvious who had the most difficulty with talking in class: Benjamin Cosby.

"Benjamin, why don't you come up to the front, and we can address the problem." Benjamin groaned, albeit this time quietly. He knew though that he had no basis to complain. Miss Harding had repeatedly reminded him throughout the semester that he needed to work on being quieter, on resisting the impulse to whisper to other students, on not impulsively just saying whatever seemed to be on his mind. Benjamin proceeded to the front of the class, his eyes averted from the sight of Anthony's exposed erection.

The girls were very interested in this session, as Benjamin was one of the cuter boys in class, and a few of them were rather curious about him. He didn't, though, seem to be interested in girls. It wasn't that he was gay or anything, it's just that he seemed to avoid girls, or at least seemed uncomfortable around them.

He was not at all comfortable about this. He had not yet in fact displayed his penis to a girl before and, if this followed the example of Anthony, he would be displaying it to an entire class. No, he didn't like this at all.

When he got to the front of the class, Miss Harding instructed, "Alright then, Benjamin, if you would, drop your pants and undies, and bend over, hands on knees, bottom facing the class."

As Benjamin got into position, Miss Harding explained. "The traditional method is over the desk, but this position is a fine choice when no desk is available. It's always useful to instruct the young man to grab hold of something. If it was the desk I would normally instruct him to hold onto the far edge. I didn't do that for Anthony because he is such a little boy."

'Thanks for the reminder,' Anthony thought.

"Anthony," Melissa whispered, "Your flag is dropping."

Anthony looked down. It was true. It was about at half-mast. He glanced at Miss Harding who, fortunately, didn't seem to notice. He really didn't want another spanking. He closed his eyes to try to return to that pajama party.

But, even better, he felt soft, little, feminine fingers lightly prancing along the length of his slackening penis. He looked down.

Melissa smiled as she helped to straighten, to stiffen, the flag pole. She thought it was a very handsome penis, and she was more than willing to help keep it standing up stiff and proud. She looked up at Anthony and could see the surprise and confusion in his eyes. She whispered, "Don't you worry, Anthony, I won't let it fall. It's safe with me."

He smiled back and shifted over so that he was standing more closely against the side of her desk, providing her with ample room to keep the flag waving proudly.

Miss Harding had not noticed the quiet exchange between Melissa and Anthony. She was involved with her presentation of the discipline of Benjamin. "You want to require the lad to keep his hands on his knees, not only to avoid his effort to protect his bottom but also to maintain a posture of passive submission. He is not to do anything to resist."

Benjamin sighed deeply, bent over, and placed his hands on his knees.

Miss Harding flipped up his shirt, revealing to the class his naked white butt.

Quite a bit of girlish giggling could be heard again, and Benjamin's face flushed red.

Benjamin was taller and bigger than Anthony, and his bottom was certainly more manly, more masculine, but it did not look particularly strong or powerful right now. There was something really quite pleasing to a girl to have the big, strong, masculine, tough man be in such a position of helpless submission, presenting his bottom for a spanking, as if he was just a little boy, his sensitive, fragile testicles hanging down between his thighs, so vulnerable to a squeeze.

"Now, in this position," Miss Harding continued, "It is helpful for the instructor to hold onto the lad, to minimize his squirming. We certainly wouldn't want him to fall over and hurt himself."

Benjamin scowled at that remark.

"I like to grasp in my left hand the boy's entire package, thereby letting him know who is the boss, who is in control."

A few of the girls squirmed at that suggestion and image of grasping hold of a man's "package," although others blushed at the thought. The boys largely found it rather unabashedly appealing, thinking of Miss Harding grabbing hold of them.

Miss Harding reached underneath to grab hold of Benjamin's "package."

Benjamin naturally flinched at the feel of the first touch of her fingers on his personal, private parts. No girl had yet touched him there, and naturally it felt very scary and confusing.

"Oh my, though," Miss Harding explained, a look of surprise and wonder on her face, "I don't think I can hold all of this in one hand."

That comment really raised the curiosity of the girls, wondering exactly how big his things were. It was like when dad took them fishing, and he announced that he had a big one at the end of the line, and they waited expectantly, excitedly, for the big fish, the prize catch, to come into view.

The comment though was more demoralizing than inspirational for Anthony, and his esteem, as well as his flag, began to lower. Why wouldn't she say such things when he was up there?

But, the flag lowering only brought back the playful dancing fingers of Melissa, which skipped and scampered along his penis, quickly bringing back into the shaft a torrent of blood to swell it back up to full strength. Melissa's smiled with pride at the result of her effort, the flag again fully unfurled, a boy's dick standing up all stiff and strong. She couldn't explain her attraction. It must be something innate, something instinctual, but the sight of a tough, firm cock was so appealing. They looked so determined, resolute, steadfast, steady, unwavering, and unyielding, just the right thing to hold up the school flag.

Anthony again looked down at her. This time she did not meet his eyes, as she was concentrating on the boner before her. He nevertheless smiled anyway, as she seemed to be pretty darned good at this.

It was not an easy task. Melissa couldn't get a firm grip of his cock without disturbing the strings. Plus, she also didn't really want to draw any undue attention by openly jerking him off. So, she was limited to just using her finger tips, but that didn't seem to be much of a limitation for her. In fact, instead, it was really rather tantalizing and titillating for Anthony. It was like she was just flirting with his cock, being coyly tempting, alluring, rather than just jerking him off. His dick swelled and twitched in appreciation.

"Oh my goodness," Melissa whispered, as she admired how quickly he had responded to her delicate ministrations.

"Thanks," he whispered.

She looked up at him. "My pleasure," she responded, with a pleased and delighted grin.

He noticed now as well that Melissa was really quite pretty. Perhaps girls always seemed prettier when they are playing with your stiff cock. He hadn't really noticed her before, but she was really quite endearingly sweet, with wavy brown hair, a perky nose, bright gleaming brown eyes, and small, kissable lips.

Miss Harding recovered from her initial surprise to say, "Well, in such instances one must then choose. Grab hold of the penis or the balls." She chose the latter.

Benjamin lurched, but kept his hands on his knees.

"Holding onto the boy's testicles while he is being spanked can be a particularly effective way to control him. Girls, you are clearly very much in control when you have the boy by his nuts."

A few of the girls blushed again at that suggestion. The boys now squirmed in sympathy and apprehension, wondering, worrying, if Miss Harding might suggest that the girls have a turn at the rest of the boys in the class..

Anthony squirmed as well, but for a different reason, as Melissa lightly danced the tips of her fingers along his nuts, playfully tickling and caressing them.

"Or," Miss Harding further explained, "You can grasp hold of his penis," which she now did, which caused Benjamin's head to turn up in surprise. Her hand felt incredibly good there, and certainly much better than his own. He didn't have any experience with girls, but he was certainly experienced in jerking off. His hand always felt really good on his cock, when it was gripping, rubbing, and squeezing his dick to get himself hard in the darkness of his bedroom. But, the hand of someone else, particularly the soft hands of a woman, was incredibly better, even if it was just to hold onto him. He instantly felt himself beginning to react and his face grew warm with concern. He tried to will away his surprising arousal.

Miss Harding didn't help. She felt though that she was being very helpful. And, she didn't just grab hold of his penis. She squeezed, fondled, and caressed it with her fingers, encouraging him to respond in his most natural manner.

"Holding onto the boy's penis will typically produce a much different reaction than holding onto his testicles."

Benjamin could attest to that, as could any of the boys in the class, whose own penises began to stir at the thought of the sultry, the hot, Miss Harding holding on to them, onto their penises.

"The three components of the New School method of discipline are, of course, pain, humiliation, and pleasure. It is really the precise mixture and timing of these three ingredients that can produce the optimal medicine for treating misbehaving young men."

Miss Pepperidge and Mr. Stratton were beginning to fully understand. Mr. Stratton was also reminded once again why it is useful to have a woman discipline the boys. Miss Pepperidge smiled at the thought of implementing this approach in one of her classes. She could think of one particular boy, or actually penis, she would like to handle in this manner.

Benjamin sighed deeply and gave himself over to Miss Harding's expert fingers. Apparently, she wasn't going to mind if he got an erection. On the contrary, she seemed to be embracing it, and quite literally so. And, besides, he really couldn't resist her touch. He never imagined that a girl's, a woman's, fingers could be that stimulating, that pleasing. He cursed himself for being so uncomfortable around girls, realizing now, experiencing now, what he had been missing. He smiled silently to himself as he felt his cock grow and grow and grow.

Miss Harding openly smiled as she felt Benjamin reacting to her touch. She so much enjoyed bringing a boy alive, helping him grow and develop. "Alright then, I think the young man has been amply primed."

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Benjamin lurched at the first smack, his eyes opening wide, but his movement was indeed constricted by Miss Harding's firm grip on his hard dick. If anything, he found himself essentially fucking the teacher's fist with his cock as she paddled his bottom. He could not thrust far, but Miss Harding more than made up for it by stroking his cock with her fist.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

It was a very strange mixture of pleasure and pain. He would normally be troubled by the spanking, finding it to be painful and humiliating. However, the arousal of his erection, of being jerked off like a bull in a milking stall, overwhelmed all other feelings, assimilating the spanking into his sexual experience, his excitement, his pleasure. He felt like he was even enjoying the spanking, and he closed his eyes to bask in the delight of one hand sliding up and down his stiff cock on one side, the other hand smacking his bottom on the other side.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"There!" Miss Harding exclaimed, pleased with her handiwork, on both sides of Benjamin. There was really no need to overdue the spanking. And, besides, she wanted to get to the central disciplinary plan for this young man. She let go of Benjamin's stiff cock, with some reluctance, and stepped back. "Alright then, Benjamin. You can stand back up, face the class, and lift up your shirt."

There was considerable murmuring in the class over that instruction, as well as hesitancy on the part of Benjamin. He knew that he would have to do it. After all, Anthony had already presented, and was still displaying, his boner. But, still, he figured Anthony was much more experienced with girls than him. He wondered if he could talk Miss Harding out of it. Maybe if he explained his situation to her? Well, he could hardly do that, right in front of the class. He slowly stood back up, and clumsily turned around, his feet and ankles tangled in his pants.

As he did so, gasps and whispers among the girls, rather than giggles, could be heard. The boys were largely silent. The front of Benjamin's shirt was really jutting out. They were not entirely surprised to see that he had an erection. Miss Harding had clearly intimated as such. But, to see it so concretely evident was still rather shocking, and to see that it appeared to be a rather large one, to say the least, was doubly shocking.

In fact, it was so large that it suddenly slipped through the flaps of the shirt and jutted out, like a big truncheon smashing through an opening in a flimsy cotton curtain.

Eyes opened up wide, and another round of gasps could be heard.

"Oh my goodness," exclaimed Tracy, as it was just a few inches from her eyes, perhaps thereby seeming to be even bigger than it really was, which was still pretty darn big. From her perspective, it really was a big, bad battering ram.

As soon as he realized that his erection had slipped out from under his shirt, Benjamin tried to cover it back up, using both his shirt and his hands. Its size was precisely his concern. He knew he was large, and he was very self-conscious about it. Ever since he began taking showers with other boys in school he became suspicious that there might be something wrong with him. And, his apprehension was eventually tragically confirmed one evening when he and some friends, girls included, were skinny dipping. All of the guys got erections, not surprisingly, and Benjamin was clearly much bigger than the other guys. The girls in fact appeared rather shocked and disturbed by the size of his dick. One of the guys even suggested that he must be a "freak" or something, like perhaps it was some sort of birth defect.

Benjamin was not actually abnormally large, in the sense that he wasn't freakishly large. He was just quite large. The reaction of his "friends" that evening had just been immature persons who were so inexperienced that they didn't know how to judge size, or perhaps terribly uncomfortable with their own body-image, feeling the need to denigrate him so that they would not feel bad about themselves. In some cases, both explanations applied. But Benjamin was himself too insecure to appreciate that. He took it personally, as a validation of his own worst fears. And now he, or it, was again on display, with a similar reaction of shock, aversion and perhaps even revulsion.

"Benjamin, you mustn't cover yourself," Miss Harding intoned. "The human body is a wonderful gift and, my gracious, you are certainly a very gifted young man." She reached over and pulled away his hands, and his shirt. "That is really a very impressive and handsome erection." She turned to the class. "Don't you think so, girls?"

Anthony scowled. This was so unfair, although, he had to admit, perhaps entirely fair. Benjamin was a lot bigger than him. Anthony was quite relieved that he was standing off to the side, as he certainly didn't want anyone to make a direct comparison.

"My goodness, look at how much bigger he is than Anthony." Miss Harding considered bringing Anthony back out in front of the class so that the girls could make a direct comparison, but there was really no need for any unnecessary embarrassment.

Nevertheless, Anthony's flag did begin to droop, and Melissa sprung back into action. She whispered up to him, "I think Benjamin looks like a freak," as she lightly caressed the tip of his penis with the tips of her fingers, softly circling them around and around the shiny smooth crown. She didn't really think Benjamin was a freak, but she knew that to keep Anthony's flag up she had to make him feel better, psychologically, as well as physically. "In fact," she whispered even more quietly, "I think your penis might already be too big for me."

That was helpful, and he smiled back down at her. Simply being distracted from Benjamin's big dick was helpful: out of sight and out of mind, and what was in sight now was the very pretty Melissa, smiling sweetly up at him with her large, round blue eyes as she so softly caressed the tip of his stiff, naked cock which was poking out across her so very kissable lips.

"Although," she added, feeling a little warm between her thighs, "I kind of would like to try to get it in."

Anthony's cock twitched in response. Did he hear her right? Was she really suggesting that?

Miss Harding asked Tracy, "What do you think, Tracy, have you ever seen a penis bigger than this?"

Tracy didn't know how to respond, which was really very unusual, an observation worth noting by Miss Harding.

"My goodness, for once Tracy has nothing to say. Cat got your tongue? Or, actually, Benjamin's big bad penis got your tongue?"

Tracy blushed deeply as the other girls in the class giggled and the boys laughed.

The boys did wonder how Benjamin's cock might look in Tracy's mouth, being attended by her tongue. It would be even better to know how it felt. It would perhaps be a quite appropriate and effective way to keep her quiet, at least for awhile. Cocks swelled and twitched at the thought of Tracy Flick attending to them with her mouth, lips, and tongue.

"My goodness," Miss Harding suddenly realized, "I've been so distracted by your size that I almost forgot why you are even up here! I imagine you turn the heads of lots of girls with this truncheon."

A number of the girls had indeed wanted to date Benjamin before class, now there were quite a few more, and he was beginning to recognize that they were smiling with enthusiasm, not with amusement. A few were even trying to get his attention, being quite obviously flirtatious by smiling adoringly, thrusting out a breast, indiscretely caressing a breast, or even spreading open a thigh. Miss Harding's descriptors for his penis were not always what Benjamin would prefer, but he was beginning to feel considerably better about himself. He was beginning to appreciate the true benefits of the New School method.

"But, Benjamin, do you have problems with premature ejaculation?"

"What?" The giggling returned.

"Have you not had Human Sexuality yet? Premature ejaculation, it's when the boy is unable to control himself and ejaculates too soon, or at least very quickly. It's very much like speaking out of turn, or blurting out things prematurely."

Benjamin's face reddened. No, he didn't think he had that condition, although he wouldn't know, having never been tested for it. Do doctors test for it? Or do you just have to find out when you try to have sex? He did sometimes feel like coming pretty fast when he was jerking off. But that had more to do with worrying about how long he would have to be alone in his dorm room, before his roommate came back. "No ma'am, I don't think so."

Miss Harding explained, to her guests and the class, "In the New School we consider speaking too much in class to be a matter of inadequate self-discipline, and so we help the young man to better control himself, not simply through the pain and embarrassment of punishment, but also through the process of developing self-control analogically."

'What the heck does that mean,' Benjamin wondered, as did everyone else, including Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge.

Miss Harding could see the blank looks on everyone's faces. "Self-control is a quite general skill that pervades your entire functioning, and so when it is learned in one area, it will generalize to others. We will help Benjamin develop self-discipline through the control of his ejaculation. Once he is better able to control the ejaculation of his sperm, he will be able to control the ejaculation of his speech."

The class was very quiet, for the moment. They were themselves now speechless in part because they weren't entirely sure they followed the teacher's reasoning, although she did appear to make sense. But, they were also quiet because they were contemplating the implications of what she was saying. Benjamin was going to work on controlling his ejaculation of sperm? Right now, right here?

Many of the girls' smiles grew larger. Benjamin was such a cute boy. It would have been reward enough to see his tush, yet they were even now seeing his hard stiff penis, which had exceeded all possible expectations. But, apparently there would be even more. They might even get to see Benjamin ejaculate. Miss Harding was such a cool teacher.

Miss Harding took hold of Benjamin's cock and proceeded to commence stroking him. "Now, of course, Benjamin, your task is to refrain from ejaculating. We don't want to make a mess for the janitors."

Moans of feminine disappointment could be heard throughout the class.

"Although by the sound of it," Miss Harding added, "some of the girls wouldn't mind seeing you blurt out of turn." She giggled over her metaphor.

Benjamin knew he had difficulty speaking too much in class, and mouthing off when he shouldn't. He wasn't so sure it was related to any difficulties with premature ejaculation, but as soon as the pretty, actually very sexy, Miss Harding took hold of his cock in her right hand, standing to his right, he realized that he would have difficulty controlling himself, particularly with all these girls smiling so broadly, apparently many of them wanting to see him do it. Whereas Anthony had a fantasy of standing before a group of girls, jerking off for their mutual pleasure, Benjamin was actually living it. He knew he wasn't going to last long at all.

Miss Pepperidge was also very interested. She slid her fingers along her slit, through her panties, to lightly press against her clitoral hood. She kept her fingers there for awhile, not moving them, just pressing down against her personal button, her trigger. She carefully looked around the class, glancing again at Eric to her side, checking to see if anybody was noticing where she had placed her fingers and what she was now doing with them.

Apparently nobody was indeed the wiser. She then began to slowly circle the tips of her fingers over and around her clit, pressing and rubbing her fingers against her nub, being careful to keep the movements confined largely to her fingers so that her stimulation would not be at all noticeable if someone did look in her direction. The pleats in the skirt were also helpful in hiding the subtle movement. She smiled softly to herself. Yes, she had prepared well, this would work, and it felt so terribly, terribly nice. She had never masturbated herself during a class before but, then again, she had never been presented with a reason to do so as good as ths.

Anthony could feel his own cock swelling in sympathy with Benjamin's, or more accurately in appreciation, at the sight of Miss Harding giving Benjamin a pretty darned good hand job. She obviously had considerable experience. She wasn't just mechanically stroking him, like a maiden with a cow. She was thoroughly working her fingers around and around his stiff cock, firmly yet softly twisting and turning her fingers along the shaft and the crown, particularly its sensitive underside, stimulating most every inch of his cock with her feminine fingers, and there were quite a few inches of cock with which to work.

Melissa was feeling a little jealous, not because Miss Harding had such a bigger dick to work with, but because Anthony seemed to be paying more attention to the teacher working on Benjamin's cock than herself working on his. A girl doesn't like it when her guy notices another pretty girl in the room, particularly when she is talking to him. And, it's a heck of a lot worse when she is jerking him off.

Of course, a student is supposed to be paying attention to his teacher. But, still, not when a girl is playing with his thing. Like, what's really more important? Miss Harding's class demonstration or her fingers tickling his hard penis? Well, she wasn't about to be beaten by Miss Harding's beating off Benjamin. She leaned forward a bit, stuck out her tongue, and lightly flicked the tip of Anthony's cock.

That got his attention. "Melissa!" He gasped, shifting his attention back down to her, briefly seeing her licking away at his swollen cock head with her tongue, like a girl enjoying a tasty cool ice cream cone.

She didn't do it for very long. She didn't want to get into trouble. She just wanted Anthony to notice her, and licking the head of a boy's cock is always a good way to do that. And, it clearly worked. She smiled proudly up at him, pleased to see his appreciation, perhaps even a bit of affection, in his eyes. He rested a grateful hand on her shoulder.

"Miss Harding!" Benjamin also gasped, but for a different reason. She could sense that he was getting a bit close and so she applied the squeeze technique to his cock, wrapping her thumb and index finger around the shaft, just below the crown, and then squeezing tightly, essentially choking away his budding orgasm, killing for the moment any chance of a climax.

It wasn't terribly painful, but it was very uncomfortable and Benjamin bent over in shock, and some pain.

The boys in the class cringed. The girls giggled.

"You were about to burst something out, weren't you, Benjamin. You were about to speak out of turn, squirting out into the class some pointless dribble. But, you see, with just a little restraint, a little pressure at the right spot, you've regained your self-control, your composure. Isn't that nice?"

"Yes, ma'am," he groaned.

Melissa wasn't about to use the squeeze technique on Anthony. She could see it was pretty uncomfortable for Benjamin. And, what fun was there in choking Anthony's penis? However, she did realize that she probably should proceed a bit more cautiously if he was to avoid having an accident. She did, though, giggle at the thought of making him squirt. She always enjoyed watching a boy squirt his thing. It was like a little squirt gun going off, spraying and spurting all of his tasty manly cream. It would be kind of fun to make Anthony do it in class, and he would have to enjoy that, wouldn't he?

Now that Benjamin had regained control, through Miss Harding's training, she resumed her stroking. She leaned in closer, pressing one of her full, soft breasts against his arm, and said breathlessly, "Do you like it, Benjamin, when the teacher strokes your hard stiff cock?"

He nodded. It was rather obvious that he did enjoy it. What boy wouldn't enjoy having his pretty, sexy, big breasted teacher stroke his cock? But, he was a little uncomfortable admitting to it out loud in front of the class. He imagined he will be open for quite a bit teasing from his classmates when this is done, and he didn't want to add fuel to the fire.

"It is really a very impressive cock, Benjamin," she continued, speaking to him as if nobody else was present in the room. "I can hardly wrap my hand around it. It's so big, so thick, so manly."

Miss Pepperidge sighed with pleasure, and then quickly held her breath. She glanced sideways, to her right, at Eric. He did not appear to have noticed her lustful, yearning sigh, or at least he chose to ignore it. She quickened her pace on her clit. It felt so good to be diddling while she watched Miss Harding stroke the young man's large virile stiff cock. She felt quite jealous of Miss Harding, although at least she could play with herself.

Benjamin's legs felt weak, his brain felt dizzy, and his dick lurched and twitched in Miss Harding's hand, as did the contents of many of the boys' hands.

Mr. Stratton so missed that girl in Mr. Peters' class. His cock was now fully stiff, and it was poking so uncomfortably down into his pant leg. He could have shifted it if the room had been darkened, but he could hardly do so now, standing up right next to a girl, a student. But, then maybe he could? Perhaps she, like the previous girl, would like to see his erection poking out his pants. However, he doubted that he could do it with Miss Harding standing on his left. The clipboard had effectively hidden his cock from her sight with the added cover of darkness, but he doubted that he could fumble with his dick through his pants right in the full light of the room.

Benjamin could feel himself building up to another orgasm, or at least to another opportunity for an orgasm. Miss Harding's womanly hand felt so sweet stroking, sliding, and slipping up and down his stiff shaft. She was so obviously experienced at her craft, which was sensible, given that she was an accomplished professor.

The girls in the class could see that Benjamin was again getting close. Tracy in the front row, sitting right in front of him, had the best view, and she was entranced at the sight of the boy's very large, swollen, purplish plum. It was like it was an inflamed, enraged, head of a very nasty snake that was about to spurt, spew, and spit its dangerous venom.

Miss Harding sensed Benjamin's readiness as well and so, once again, applied the squeeze technique.

Benjamin was so disappointed, as were many of the girls. They began to wonder if Miss Harding would in fact let him cum. They had been so hoping that she would. It would be so cool to see Benjamin squirt his stuff. They bet he had an awful lot. His balls were certainly pretty darned big. But they knew it was unrealistic. She was trying to teach Benjamin self-control. She wouldn't let him lose control right during the class. That would hardly be the point of the exercise. It was like teaching him to stop talking in class by restraining him from saying anything for the entire class, and then letting him gush and spew out all sorts of stuff in a big climactic explosion. That would hardly be educational.

Once Miss Harding felt that Benjamin had regained control, she resumed her stroking.

Benjamin's balls were beginning to ache. Being twice so close to cumming and twice denied put a significant strain on his patience and his system. His balls really did want relief. It was like a dam being pressed to its limit. It felt in fact like his balls were actually growing, expanding, building up so much sperm that wanted so desperately to be released.

Miss Harding reached under his butt with her left hand to lightly caress his balls as she continued to stroke his cock with the other hand.

Benjamin moaned in pleasure and frustration. He didn't usually play with his balls when he masturbated, and he now appreciated how sensual it felt to have them fondly fondled as another hand slid up and down his shaft. He wondered if Miss Harding might in fact even use her mouth on him. That would be so, so good. He imagined how pleasurable it would be to cum then, pleasurable because he would be feeling the soft, warm lips and tongue of a woman on his cock for the very first time, and pleasurable to actually release his load into the mouth of Miss Harding, the very pretty and sexy teacher who was making him stand in front of the class while she jerked him off. He closed his eyes and his mind drifted to the image of Miss Harding kneeling before him, softly kissing, nibbling, and licking the head of his dick as she stroked it with one hand and fondled his balls with the other.

"Oh my gosh!" he exclaimed, as if he felt the sudden urge to surge, to explode, to cum, and then felt Miss Harding as quickly squeeze real hard on the stem of his cock.

"Oh my," she said, "That was a close one, wasn't it, Benjamin?"

It was indeed close. It was like she had suddenly clamped the end of a hose tightly shut just as a large gush of water was about to explode out the end. But, a little bit of cum had indeed slipped through and dribbled from his cock slit.

It was a signal for Miss Pepperidge as well. She suddenly stopped the diddling of her clit, as she was herself feeling like she was getting pretty close, and she could hardly let herself have an orgasm right there in the class. She would likely shudder, shiver, and moan, and that could hardly be misunderstood by Eric. She closed her eyes and concentrated on her breathing, her breasts rising and falling heavily beneath her dress.


With one hand still squeezing Benjamin's cock tightly beneath the crown, Miss Harding let go of his balls to use a couple of fingers of the other hand to softly work his pre-cum fluid, or escaped cum, into the soft skin of his swollen, engorged knob, all the time continuing to press a breast into his side.

A few of the girls looked away. Some of the girls were not at all experienced with boy cum, and they were rather grossed out by it. Others were at least somewhat experienced, but they were also still grossed out by it. They would jerk a guy off, but only if he squirted his stuff away from them or, at best, onto himself. They would never touch the sticky mess, let alone taste it. Just the sight of it they found distasteful, and Miss Harding's apparent comfort in working the gooey cum all around was rather shocking. Some even found it rather inappropriate for the class. Having to see disgusting things was at times part of a biology class, but this was perhaps going too far, although once you did include the sight of a boy being jerked off, perhaps playing with his cum was not such a big leap forward.

Miss Pepperidge licked her lips, as did a couple of the girls, Heather and Tammie in particular. Miss Pepperidge was strangely feeling very thirsty at the moment, and would so much enjoy the taste of this young man's cum.

Melissa leaned forward and again licked at Anthony's swollen bulb, searching around and around for some of his precum. She didn't actually find any, but he did still taste plenty good without it. She breathed in deeply his manly scent.

Anthony certainly appreciated Melissa's thoroughly searching tongue, exploring every inch of the head of his cock, or at least as much as she could reach without turning him. It would be easier if he was facing her, rather than standing next to her desk, his cock jutting across in front of her, perpendicularly. If she turned him, or her face, she could then swallow it all up inside her mouth, but that would probably draw too much attention, as well as disturb the flag.

"Melissa," he gasped, and she felt a bit of Anthony's cum trickle out. She gleefully licked it up like a kitten getting her first milk and then sat back up straight, enjoying the salty taste on her tongue.

It was all very excruciating for Benjamin, being painfully squeezed to squelch his arousal on the one hand, while being further titillated and aroused on his balls and bottom with the fingers of Miss Harding's other hand. "Miss Harding," he gasped, pleading for help, for sympathy, for relief.

Miss Harding was sympathetic to the boy's discomfort and desire, if not need, to ejaculate, but as a teacher her primary responsibility was the boy's education, the learning of his lesson, the improvement in his discipline and self-control. She was not about to sacrifice his education, his growth as a young man, just so that he could squirt his load onto the classroom floor. When she thought about it that way, there was really no question that she was doing the right thing.

She did, however, feel that she should get her guests more involved in the demonstration. Once she felt that Benjamin had regained self-control, she asked, "Miss Pepperidge, would you like to try your hand at this?"

Miss Pepperidge's eyes lit up. She would most certainly love to do so. "Oh yes, yes, I think that I would!" Her evident level of enthusiasm was perhaps a bit too apparent, and she flushed at the thought that the students in the class and, even worse, Eric, detected her more prurient motivation for trying her hand at it, quite literally so. But, she did very much want to grasp hold of that thick, long hard cock and she quickly made her way to the front of the class.

Mr. Stratton did indeed detect the enthusiasm in Miss Pepperidge's voice. He was a little surprised at it, and now felt a bit jealous. Not of Miss Pepperidge, but of Benjamin. He watched Mandy's swinging hips as she made her way up to the front of the class. He had known Miss Pepperidge for a few years, and for quite a bit of that time harbored some feelings for her. He wondered if perhaps it might be useful for them to practice some of the New School methods together, alone, in their hotel room. They certainly should rehearse the procedures a few times before they attempt to implement the program at Longwood. His dick swelled further at the thought.

With Miss Pepperidge no longer at his side, and the eyes of the students on her as she worked her way to the front of the class, he now had the opportunity to adjust the position of his awkward erection so that it could grow and flex more comfortably within his slacks. There was still the difficulty of this girl sitting right by him, but he used the clipboard to keep his hand, and his stiff dick, hidden from her. He sighed with relief, and pleasure, as he shifted his cock so that it was poking up rather than down. He took the opportunity when making the adjustment to provide it with a few squeezes.

Miss Pepperidge made her way around Anthony, glancing to her left at the sight of Melissa lightly tickling the boy's balls, his dick poking out over her desk, just a few inches from her lips. She could feel her panties becoming rather moist as she turned her attention back to her goal, her assignment, her mission: Benjamin's big, hard cock. She could feel her heart racing as she took the final steps to stand before the class, just to the left of Benjamin. Miss Harding was standing on his right side, his cock still in her hand.

Benjamin looked sheepishly at Miss Pepperidge. He was reminded of times when he was a boy and his mother would hand him over to a teacher or a nurse. Of course, his mother never handed his hard, erect cock over to another woman, but it did sort of feel that way. Miss Harding was treating him like a little kid, spanking him in front of the class, and now she was quite literally handing him over to another teacher, Miss Pepperidge. This new teacher at least looked really pretty. He particularly liked her large green eyes. She in fact reminded him of one of his past teachers, the lovely and sweet Miss Harmony, who always had a gay, reassuring smile and a gentle, caring hand.

"Here, grab hold," Miss Harding instructed. "It's a pretty big one."

Miss Pepperidge reached down with her left hand and took hold. It was a successful passing of the baton.

It felt a little awkward for Benjamin to have Miss Harding literally handing over his cock to Miss Pepperidge, but the hand of Miss Pepperidge did feel very, very nice. Her touch was more tentative than Miss Harding's, but also more sensually soft and solicitous. He could tell he might really like this teacher.

Miss Harding asked, "Miss Pepperidge, have you handled many penises before?"

It was a natural question for Miss Harding to ask. She wanted to know if Miss Harding needed any assistance or guidance in this pedagogical technique. But, it did kind of catch Miss Pepperidge off guard. Obviously, she had not handled any penises in this manner, as a class demonstration. But, she certainly had handled many for other purposes. However, she didn't really want to sound like some sort of a slut, nor did she want to sound like she was some sort of a naive, inexperienced girl. She was, after all, a teacher and she did want to command the respect of the students in the class. She replied, a bit self-consciously, "I've handled a few," and then felt her face redden at the admission.

Mr. Stratton's dick swelled at the thought, imagining her handling his.

It was at first a bit awkward for Miss Pepperidge to be stroking Benjamin, at least to be doing so with her left hand. She would normally use her right. But, she was on the left side of Benjamin and, more importantly, she wanted to keep her right hand down and through the pocket of her dress, clandestinely molding, squeezing, and pinching her clit through her moist panties. She leaned into Benjamin, pressing her breast against him, her breaths caressing his neck.

Miss Harding had surrendered the weapon to Miss Pepperidge, but she was not about to stand idly by. She leaned in tighter against Benjamin, pressing her even larger breasts deep into his side and gently caressing her left hand on his naked butt cheeks. She lightly ran her fingernails along his soft, curved cheeks as Miss Pepperidge tenderly stroked his cock.

It wouldn't take too long for Benjamin to return to an orgasmic state. He had womanly breasts pressing against both shoulders, the fingernails of one sensuously caressing his butt, the hand of the other fondling, feeling, and stroking his cock, the scent of both perfumes providing a delightfully intoxicating commingling mix.

Mr. Stratton, Anthony, and every other boy in class, were notably jealous, and notably hard. Actually, Anthony wasn't really jealous at all. He was very happy with the attention, the ministrations, of Melissa. In fact, a couple of times now he had to caution her. "Wait, wait," he gasped one time, lightly resting a hand on her shoulder to signal, to warn her that if she continued to caress his cock and tickle his balls, he would lose control.

Melissa would stop, but she would as well giggle with delight. She could see that Anthony's penis was stretched and engorged to its maximum state. The head was so swollen, so purple, it looked like it might pop. She kept her cannon head all shiny, silky, smooth, and polished by lovingly licking it.

Benjamin gasped and Miss Pepperidge quickly squeezed the shaft, as Miss Harding had instructed. She had a momentary rush of panic as she did so, as she was not in fact experienced in choking a cock in this manner. If a guy was about to cum, she stroked harder. She wouldn't squeeze the life out of him. But, she knew as a teacher that she must learn how to do this, and she was relieved to see that she had successfully plugged his pipe.

It was becoming way too frustrating for Benjamin. He really, really, really wanted, needed, to cum, as did Mr. Stratton, Anthony, and many of the boys in the class, one or two in fact already probably relieving themselves in their slacks. It was a very dangerous and risky thing to do, but when you had to cum, you had to cum, unless controlled by knowledgeable hands like Miss Harding's.

Mr. Stratton was equally motivated, but he knew that there was no way he could, or should, cum in his pants. He could not help but wonder, though, in his lustful state of mind, if the girl sitting before him would share the interest of the girl the previous day. He stepped a bit forward and slid the clipboard aside. If she was interested, it would obviously be terribly pleasurable, ignoring for the moment the difficulty of what to do if he got too excited. If she wasn't interested, it would be disappointing, but understandable. He couldn't really expect all undergraduate girls to want to play with his cock. At the moment, rejection was hardly his most serious concern. His mind, his thoughts, his planning, was controlled by his stiff dick. His stiffness was restrained somewhat by his jockey briefs, but not enough to be undetectable.

"Mr. Stratton!" squealed Melody, the girl sitting beside him, as she saw the very evident protrusion, thrusting out his slacks. "Goodness gracious!"

Well, that didn't go as planned. Apparently she wasn't as interested as Sandy had been. In fact, she appeared to be a bit upset about it. Undergraduates can be a bit unpredictable.

Melody's exclamation of surprise, even shock, was heard by everyone in the class, including Miss Harding. She quickly looked over when she heard Melody's squeal, and saw Mr. Stratton as quickly covering himself up with the clipboard. She knew right away what the problem was. It was a not uncommon problem when male professors applied the New School method to the girls. Mr. Peters knew how to handle this problem, but she would not expect a novice professor to be so wise and skilled. "Yes, well, Mr. Stratton, it does appear that today's exercise did turn out to be rather stimulating after all."

Mr. Stratton's face went beet red, as all of the students were now turned toward him, looking at him, particularly at his crotch, as was Miss Pepperidge. He had developed erections in classes before. Some of his female students were really difficult to ignore. And, the way some of them would dress, it was almost as if they wanted you to notice them, sexually. One particular difficulty was lectures within Benton Hall, as the student desks were tiered along rising steps to provide the students with an easy view over the heads of those sitting in front of them. However, the tiered seating also provided an easy view up the girls' skirts, and he often admired their colorful panties.

Whenever Mr. Stratton had gotten an erection he could easily hide it behind the podium, or some other classroom furniture. He had never really worried about getting caught, and now felt quite nonplussed over what to do. He felt like his career was about to unravel before his very eyes. He couldn't imagine what Miss Pepperidge was thinking.

"Miss Harding! Miss Harding!" It was Tracy again, her arm stretched up high, her hand waving in the air, begging, pleading, demanding to be called upon. And, given that she was sitting right in front of Miss Harding, she was impossible to ignore.

"Yes, Miss Flick," Miss Harding replied.

"What about the boner rule?"

"Hmmm," Miss Harding said. Tracy did have a point there. "Yes, the boner rule. My goodness, that's a very good point, Tracy."

"Thank you, Miss Harding," Tracy replied, another proud grin on her face as she brought her hand down. She was scoring lots of points with the teacher today.

"What's the boner rule?" Miss Pepperidge asked. That did sound intriguing, she pondered, as she lightly slid her fingers along the young man's slick, stiff boner, while the other softly flicked and fingered her own stiff clit. Her bottom squirmed ever so slightly, so subtly, hopefully not so much as to be noticeable to the students in the class, albeit their attention was now momentarily elsewhere.

"Well," Miss Harding explained, "the boner rule is that if a boy gets an erection in class, he must stand before the class to show it to everyone, and get a spanking as well. We find that this is a pretty good deterrent to future episodes of dyscontrol. It's another New School method for developing better self-discipline and proper classroom decorum. Of course, we haven't ever required that a professor receive this punishment."

The eyes of Miss Pepperidge lit up, thinking that she might have the opportunity to see Mr. Stratton's erection, and perhaps even give him a spanking.

The eyes of many of the girls in the class lit up as well. What student wouldn't want a professor to be embarrassed and punished in front of the class? More specifically, many of the girls in the class had experienced male faculty eyeing their young, sweet bodies. It was really very inappropriate! Of course, they would themselves attract such attention by leaving a few buttons undone, having their skirts be particularly short, or somehow forgetting to wear a brassiere that morning. But, they were typically dressing that way for the boys in their classes, not for the teachers. Well, actually, sometimes for certain teachers, but when it was some other teacher that noticed their wiggling breasts, curvy bottoms or tender white thighs, a teacher that they weren't interested in, well, it was really very rude and disrespectful. So, it would seem quite satisfying, if not appropriate, for this professor to be made to atone for the uninvited, disconcerting attention they had received in the past, and especially so for sticking his boner in Melody's face!

Mr. Stratton, though, had a much different perspective, and opinion. He was not at all interested in becoming part of the classroom demonstration. "No, no, that's fine. I'm alright here." He stepped back, away from the student that he had apparently offended, and in fact away from everyone.

"Oh but Mr Stratton," Miss Harding countered, "Miss Pepperidge is participating in today's demonstration. Wouldn't it be nice if you did so as well?"

Miss Pepperidge had to smile in response to that. It was perhaps a good point. She was being a trooper. She had pitched in. Why shouldn't Mr. Stratton?

Miss Harding continued her argument. "Participatory learning is generally much more effective than observational. I'm sure you realize that."

Mr. Stratton did have to agree with that. He was a strong advocate for participatory learning at Longwood College. In fact, he chaired the field studies program.

"I would assume, of course, that you and Miss Pepperidge will be practicing some of the methods and techniques with each other."

Miss Pepperidge's eyes widened with delight at such an idea. Imagine going through each chapter of the New School manual with Mr. Stratton. She squeezed Benjamin's cock as she thought about having Mr. Stratton, or Eric, spank her bottom while she fondled him through his pants. She even worked her fingers, still hidden by her skirt, underneath her panties to feel her moist, wet, hot pussy lips. Yes, they would have to study the New School manual quite closely together, she imagined, as she worked a finger up into her now slippery slit hole, the fingers of her other hand sliding up and down Benjamin's naked stiff cock, almost absentmindedly fondling his large, smooth round crown as she imagined it being Eric's.

Mr. Stratton's cock twitched at the thought as well. He felt like he could actually hear his heart beating. It was odd. A moment ago he was trying to get a female student to look at his bulge. He had even intentionally exposed it to her. Yet now he was reluctant to have a whole classroom of pretty young ladies see it with the apparent approval, the support, of the teacher. He was very confused as to what he should feel, let alone do. He glanced over at Miss Pepperidge, who briefly met his eyes and then looked away, smiling modestly as she fondled Benjamin's cock.

Miss Pepperidge fingered her slit hole beneath her panties, her bottom now more noticeably squirming, although she was doing her best to keep her instinctive, involuntary, movements to a minimum.

Mr. Stratton's cock twitched as he noticed Miss Pepperidge's, Mandy's, bottom wiggling beneath her loose dress. How he would love to lift up that soft, cotton dress and admire Miss Pepperidge's sweet, womanly tush. He wondered if he could detect some odd movement beneath her skirt, in the front.

Miss Harding asked the class, "How many of you would like to have Mr. Stratton help out?"

A number of the girls raised their hands. Put that way, how could they disagree? Miss Harding though acknowledged the full implication of Mr. Stratton's participation. "You know, of course, this would mean Mr. Stratton would have to pull down his pants. Which one of you would like to help him with that?"

"Me! Me! Me! Pick me!" Tracy was squealing, waving her hand around. "I'll do it! I'll do it! I'll do it!" A number of other girls also raised their hands, but they hadn't been as fast as Tracy. None ever were. She would volunteer with such fury that it would leave everyone in her wake. She was such a suck-up. They scowled with annoyance and jealousy as they saw Miss Harding turn to her. A few of the other girls, however, shrunk down in their seats. They weren't entirely sure they were comfortable with the idea of a male professor pulling his pants down in class to show them his erection, and they certainly didn't want to be the ones to do it. Although, they would have to admit that they were more than just a bit curious. Not too many of them had seen a naked male professor's penis before. Actually, it would be hard pressed to find one of them who had seen that.

"Well, alright then, Tracy, why don't you go get Mr. Stratton and bring him to the front of the class."

Tracy gleefully bounded from her desk. Many of the girls giggled as Tracy almost dashed around the desks to go get the professor, momentarily bumping into Benjamin's erect cock as she did so. When she reached him she grabbed him by the hand and almost literally dragged him to the front of the room. "C'mon, c'mon, Mr. Stratton. This will be so cool!" Tracy found just about everything that a professor suggested to be 'real cool.'

Mr. Stratton reluctantly allowed himself to be pulled around to the front of the class. He was really very uncertain about this. As she pulled him along with one hand, he used the other to hide the source of his troubles with his clipboard.

"Now don't be shy, Mr. Stratton," Miss Harding implored. "Mr. Peters and I often directly participate with the students in many of the New School sessions."

Mr. Stratton was in fact aware of that, having read, of course, many of the reports (e.g., "Mr. Peters and the cell phone" and "Miss Harding teaches the boys a lesson"). He just couldn't help but wonder though if having his pants pulled down in the class might undermine his credibility, his authority, as a professor. At least this wasn't a Longwood class, nor was it being taped. Thank goodness for that. He let himself be dragged to the front of the class, pulled along by the girl's little hand.

"Here he is, Miss Harding!" Tracy exclaimed as they arrived to stand by Miss Harding, Benjamin, and Miss Pepperidge, still holding the reluctant professor's hand, perhaps knowing full well that he might slink back to the back of the class if she did let him go.

"Very good, Tracy," Miss Harding said, as she took the clipboard from the professor's reluctant hand. "Now, if you would, take down Mr. Stratton's pants and underpants." She added, "Be sure to take them all the way down to his ankles."

"Yes, Miss Harding," Tracy obediently replied. She was always careful to closely follow instructions. She let go of Mr. Stratton's hand and turned her attention to his belt, a moment of anxiety sweeping through her. It wasn't like she was especially experienced at undoing men's belts, particularly the belts of professors. She loved showing off in front of the class, but usually it was something at which she was confidently well-rehearsed. She wished Miss Harding had warned her that she would be asking her to do something like this. She could have practice a bit at home, perhaps with her father's belt. Her parents did always help her with her homework. But, she realized that this part of the exercise wasn't exactly planned in advance.

Mr. Stratton was perhaps even more uncomfortable. Actually, he was very uncomfortable, standing there as this undergraduate undid his belt in front of the class. A part of him felt like he should help. She was obviously having a bit of difficulty, and it felt rather odd to just stand by while she fumbled with it. A teacher shouldn't just stand there while a student is struggling. On the other hand, a teacher should also let a student learn on his or her own. You can't do everything for them. You learn best through your own trial and error, your own experiences. Perhaps, though, his greatest confusion was simply over the fact that she was actually doing this. He again looked over at Miss Pepperidge.

This time Miss Pepperidge didn't look away, in part because she didn't meet his eyes. Her eyes were focused instead on Tracy's fingers, and the front of Mr. Stratton's pants. She had a little grin on her face, and a twinkle in her eye, as she lightly danced her fingers along Benjamin's stiff, throbbing dick, the other fingers continuing to work away at her own little stiff nub.

Benjamin closed his eyes, basking in the pleasure of Miss Pepperidge's fingers, which clearly had become more enthusiastic with the arrival of Mr. Stratton. She might be distracted by him, but it was a quite useful and pleasant distraction with respect to his own interests.

Tracy eventually got the belt undone. She sighed with relief, and smiled in triumph. The rest was easy. Or, at least, the button and zipper were easy. She even giggled at doing that. She felt like such a naughty girl, undoing a guy's pants. She could feel her heart racing. She wasn't sure if it was because it was so much fun, once again, to be assisting Miss Harding in front of the class, or that, for the first time, she was going to pull down a guy's pants.

"It's easier if you get down on your knees in front of him," Miss Harding advised.

"Thank you, Miss Harding," Tracy replied, very grateful for the suggestion. Miss Harding was such a helpful teacher. She must know pretty much how to do most anything. She got down on her knees in front of the professor, and grasped the waistband of his pants and underwear. It was her moment of truth.

Mr. Stratton took a deep breath as he felt the girl's hands clasp hold of his slacks and underwear. It was his moment of truth. Somehow, in his years as a professor, he had not imagined that his pants and underwear would be pulled down in front of a class of students. He wondered if he would still command their respect once they saw him, that way. He kept saying to himself, 'I'm a professor, I'm a professor, I'm a professor,' as his slacks and underwear were pulled down, his dick popping out.

He was no longer entirely erect, which was understandable, given the last few minutes. However, Tracy was not disappointed. This was her first unwrapping of a man's cock, and it was a professor's no less. To her, it was really quite impressive. "Oh my, Miss Harding," she exclaimed, "Mr. Stratton is even bigger than Benjamin!"

Nobody else felt that way, and there was quite a bit giggling from the class. Mr. Stratton felt the blush rush to his head, and away from his penis. The giggling was directed largely at Tracy's smitten infatuation for his penis, but Mr. Stratton could not help but perceive it directed at his penis. He did though appreciate Tracy's appreciation, even if it was obviously exaggerated.

Benjamin scowled. He was somewhat relieved at the shifting of the attention away from him toward someone else, but there was no way that this man's cock was bigger than his. His self-esteem had indeed grown with his cock, and he felt like he should say something to defend himself. He decides to say nothing, and then realized that perhaps he was in fact responding well to Miss Harding's instructive effort to have him develop better self-control over what he said.

It did look terribly big to Tracy. Tracy's exaggerated adulation was also due to her close proximity to Mr. Stratton's cock, her eyes just a inch or so away from the head. She continued to gaze at it, her eyes wide open, like she was a little girl gazing upon a giant tasty popsicle, one with her most favorite flavor.

Miss Harding was perhaps the only person in the room who maintained her pedagogical composure. She could see that Mr. Stratton's cock was not really bigger than Benjamin's, but size was not necessarily that important. Plus, she knew it was important for a professor to maintain the admiration of his students. "Yes, I see that, Tracy," she said. "Mr. Stratton does indeed have a very impressive penis."

Anthony now scowled as well. He could clearly see that Benjamin's penis was larger than Mr. Stratton's, and he did not appreciate the obvious favoritism Miss Harding was providing her fellow professor. He should not perhaps be surprised that professors would stick together, but, still, if they were to model truthfulness and dispassionate objectivity, Miss Harding should have provided an honest appraisal. Still, though, he did not favor any explicit comparisons, as he could tell that once Mr. Stratton got fully erect he would be bigger than him.

With two other penises now exposed, Melissa felt that this was a pretty good opportunity to provide a bit more attention to Anthony's cock. She leaned forward, turned his stiff penis toward her, and slipped the head full into her mouth, being careful to keep from disturbing the flag, which butted against her chin.

Anthony gasped in appreciation. There are few better feelings than the head of one's cock being swallowed into the mouth of a girl. It was so fundamentally wonderful, so intensely pleasurable. He closed his eyes in bliss as he felt the girl's wet tongue softly licking, exploring, caressing his cock. He had never really noticed Melissa before this day's class, and he now realized that this had been a big mistake. He could really get to like this girl, and he had long since forgotten about what's her name, Penny.

Miss Harding added, "But, I don't think Mr. Stratton is as big as he could be." Miss Harding recalled a Sterling Cooper ad campaign for the army that had used that slogan, with a rather similar implication (see "Ad men").

"I can make him bigger, Miss Harding!" Tracy naturally offered. She sure as heck didn't want to be shown up by another student. After all, Mr. Stratton's penis was really her responsibility now, wasn't it? She had been momentarily flustered by the sight of Benjamin's big penis. She was not about to be silenced this time. She didn't even wait for Miss Harding to give her permission. She knew what boys liked. She had never done it before, but she had studied hard in her classes, she had been paying attention, and she instantly gulped the head of Mr. Stratton's cock into her mouth, as well as cupped his balls with her little hand. She remembered that Miss Harding had said earlier that boys like it when you gently caress their balls.

Benjamin was bigger than Mr. Stratton, but Mr. Stratton was no pencil-penis, by any means. He did have a meaty masculine manhood, a very thick, large bulbous plum, which Tracy had to open wide to engulf. Tracy was a rather petite girl. She might have a big mouth in some respects, but not when it came to absorbing the head of a cock, and she had to really stretch her lips to get the whole thing in. It really did look like she was biting off more than she could chew, but, true to form, she didn't complain. "I canth duth ith, Mth Hurdtgh, realthy I cnth," she slobbered, her mouth too full to speak clearly.

The eyes of the boys in class were now much more interested in Mr. Stratton's cock than in Benjamin's, or at least what Tracy was doing to it. They would have a new found respect for her in future classes. As far as they were concerned, she could talk as much as she wanted to, as long as she followed up with something like this.

A few of the girls giggled at Tracy's predicament, although some were quite openly jealous, and others were appalled. It just didn't seem right to suck on a professor's cock, at least right in front of the class.

Mr. Stratton was himself rather shocked, although very much pleased, and he quickly swelled back to full erection. This girl was not at all experienced, but there was something quite wonderful about an inexperienced, young mouth engorged by your thick, hard cock.

Tracy arched her back, trying to be sure to keep the growing python from bursting from her mouth.

Mr. Stratton again looked to Miss Pepperidge as he felt his dick growing, swelling, in the pretty girl's mouth, wondering if Mandy was appalled or shocked.

But, she didn't raise any objections. Her eyes were open wide, but she appeared to be more interested, more fascinated, than shocked.

Miss Pepperidge was indeed entranced, as she watched Tracy struggle to gobble the head of Mr. Stratton's thick cock. She diddled herself more energetically beneath her skirt, at times sliding a finger deep into her cunt, getting it all wet and slimy with her feminine fluids, and then returning it to her clit, to softly work her warm, sticky dew into her stiff little button. She wondered if in fact whether she should do the same thing for Benjamin, sucking on the boy's cock to help him develop his self-discipline, although she could also see Tracy's discomfort at having such a big one stuffed into her mouth. It probably wouldn't be good for her position, her image, as a professor to suck off a boy in front of the students, particularly if his cock was too big for her mouth. That would be pretty embarrassing for a teacher. She could though at least offer to help Tracy. She imagined, as she softly stroked Benjamin's cock, that she would have an easier time with Eric's dick than Tracy. She wouldn't want him, of course, to hurt the poor girl. Imagine having to explain that to her parents.

However, as she was absentmindedly squeezing, caressing, and stroking Benjamin's cock, she suddenly felt him twitch. Before it was too late she quickly squeezed her index finger and thumb around his shaft, wrestling him back into submission. She cursed herself for forgetting her duties as a teacher, apparently lost in her fantasies about Eric's, Mr. Stratton's, cock.

Benjamin bent over a bit, his eyes cringing. He had been so close that time, and was so hoping that with the distraction of Tracy sucking off Mr. Stratton, he could get away with cumming. But, Miss Pepperidge was apparently a pretty good teacher.

The sight of Benjamin buckling over brought Miss Harding back to attention as well. She had been daydreaming about sucking off someone's cock as she watched Tracy work so hard on Mr. Stratton's hard-on, all the while fondling Benjamin's taught boyish butt. She knew that she would have to visit Mr. Peters' office after class, perhaps to have another round in the pillory (see "The pillory"). She exclaimed, "Alright, alright," letting go of Benjamin's butt to clap her hands to get Tracy's attention. "That's enough, Tracy, that's enough."

Tracy's mouth slipped from Mr. Stratton's cock with a big pop. She didn't really want to let go of it, but she knew it was best to follow Miss Harding's instruction and, besides, she was very pleased with what she had accomplished and didn't mind showing it off to the rest of the class. It was one of her proudest show and tells. His cock was indeed now much larger and stiffer, and the crown was all purple and shiny. It was now a truly very impressive cock, one befitting an important professor. "Did I do good job, Miss Harding?"

The students rolled their eyes. Just like Tracy, always fishing for the compliments. But, they had to admit that she had done a pretty good job.

"Oh yes, dear, very good. Now, why don't you return to your seat."

Tracy frowned at that instruction, but she got back up on her feet and smiled triumphantly at the class as she returned to her seat, although again bumping into Benjamin's dick as she passed by. "Oops, sorry," she exclaimed as she felt her hip collide with the thick round head of his cock. She got back into her seat, admiring the sight now of two stout male erections pointing out toward the class, one of which was all her doing.

"Okay now, Mr. Stratton," Miss Harding instructed, "why don't we let all the students in the class have a good look. Why don't you walk down the aisle, and let each girl have a closer, personal inspection."

"What?!" Mr. Stratton's heart seemed to stop at the suggestion, as did the hearts race for many of the girls in the class.

Miss Harding explained. "We don't normally have the boy present his penis to girls in the class, but you're not a boy, are you, Mr. Stratton."

He just shook his head, feeling a little speechless.

"I think we should have a little hands-on instruction on the part of the professor, don't you think girls?"

Most of the girls could not agree more. The boys, on the other hand, were not particularly interested. Miss Stratton was also ambivalent, in that she was feeling rather jealous, as she was feeling Benjamin, hoping to feel Mr. Stratton as well.

"And," Miss Harding added, "while the girl in front of you is inspecting your penis, the girl behind you can administer a few spanks! It's always best to combine both pleasure and punishment within the New School method."

Mr. Stratton sighed deeply as he gazed upon the eager eyes of the girls. Of course, it would be, should be, pleasurable to present his stiff naked cock to a large number of pretty girls, but somehow this wasn't quite as he imagined such an experience would be.

"Of course," Miss Harding added, "if there is a boy in either desk, he can choose not to participate. We don't want to place anybody within a situation in which they are uncomfortable," other than Mr. Stratton, of course.

He looked to Miss Pepperidge for sympathy, for support, and perhaps for some way to get out of this.

But, she only smiled, and tried, not entirely effectively, to suppress a giggle as she looked at her colleague's erection poking out from his body. She said, encouragingly, "C'mon, Eric, be a trooper, let all the girls admire your penis. It's really very handsome." She blushed at the admission of her attraction. Normally she was not that open about her feelings of attraction. Good girls should be more modest and reserved. But, something about a naked hard cock made her feel a bit less inhibited.

She did in fact think that it would be fun. She imagined walking up and down an aisle of desks, the boy behind her spanking her bottom, the boy in front fingering her cunt. She slid a finger deep up inside her twitching, shivering cunt, just at the thought of it. Of course, she wasn't too sure that she would be able to fit this into a lesson plan. She had, though, heard of some other innovative teaching techniques being implemented at Templeton. Perhaps before they departed for Longwood, they might stop by one of the classes of Miss Nishida (see "Miss Nishida motivates the boys"), who had recently won a national award for innovative classroom instruction.

Miss Harding did at least provide one gesture of support. "If you wish, Mr. Stratton, you can step out of your underwear and slacks." She knew it would be awkward for the man to have to walk up and down the aisles with his pants and underpants tangled around his ankles. She didn't really want to unduly embarrass one of her colleagues.

Mr. Stratton stepped out of his underwear and slacks, his stiff cock swinging in the air as he did so, the girls' eyes all watching it bob and weave, like it was some sort of hypnotist's mesmerizing wand.

It was actually pretty cool to see a professor's naked stiff cock in class, at least most of them felt that way. Melody though scowled. It was bad enough for him to try to shove it in her face when it was in his pants. She wasn't looking forward to touching it outside of his pants when he brought it to her desk.

Mr. Stratton proceeded down the first aisle, facing the girl seated in the first seat, which was Melissa.

Melissa at first smiled broadly. How cool was this! She gleefully reached out and grasped hold of the professor's thick, big, hard cock. Now she had two of them in her hands, something she had never experienced before.

It was a little harder to stroke the professor's penis, as she had to use her left hand on his, but she quickly got the hang of it. Plus, Mr. Stratton was not circumcised, and so his foreskin helped her to give him a real good handjob, sliding his foreskin on and off his cock, making all sorts of squishy noises as it did so.

Mr. Stratton gasped with pleasure, and then his eyes opened wide with surprise, and a bit of pain.

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

The girl behind him was spanking his butt, and with considerably more enthusiasm and force than Miss Harding had applied to Anthony, or Benjamin. Students did often demonstrate a lack of restraint, which is not too surprising when they're given the opportunity to discipline a professor.

Mr. Stratton quickly extricated himself from the attack on his butt to proceed down the aisle, although in doing so he had to leave the lovely grip of Melissa's girlish hand.

Anthony was not at all disappointed in seeing him depart. He did not like the close comparison of his stiff but boyish tool with the more manly cock of Mr. Stratton, and he particularly didn't like watching Melissa so obviously enjoy stroking him.


Melissa could see, if not feel, Anthony's hurt feelings. She looked up at him with her best twinkling baby blue eyes and whispered, "You're not mad at me, are you, Anthony?"

No boy can ever resist when a girl looks at him that way, and certainly not when she is softly stroking his cock. In any case, he knew she had to do it. It wasn't like she really wanted to do it. Miss Harding had told her to do it. "Well, I don't know," he said.

Melissa smiled flirtatiously up at him, and then leaned forward to give him lots and lots of sweet, affectionate baby kisses all over his stiff penis. It's always good to kiss and make up. Anthony did appreciate that, and he patted Melissa's head as she kissed and kissed and kissed his penis, letting her know that, as far as he was concerned, all was forgiven.

As Mr. Stratton proceeded on down the aisle, Miss Pepperidge returned her attention to the young gentleman, Benjamin. She could no longer see Eric's stiff naked cock, his back and bare bottom now facing her, but it was still difficult for her to ignore him, his presence, or at least the fact that he was proceeding down an aisle of students' desks to present his naked stiff cock to all of the girls in the class. She really wished that she had asserted herself more forcefully when Tracy offered to suck Mr. Stratton's cock. She could have used her position, her authority, as a professor to have the rightful responsibility, the duty and honor, to suck on the professor's cock. And, it didn't help that she could hear the spanking, stroking, and giggling of the girls that were now enjoying his company, his body. She tried to block out the image in her mind, and the sounds in her ears, by devoting herself more fully, more forcefully, to the young cock that she did at least have at hand.

She leaned in tight against Benjamin, pressing her breasts against his side, gripping his cock tightly, jerking her fist up and down his dick while she fingered her cunt beneath her dress. She wondered if perhaps any of the boys could tell that she was fingering herself, right in front of the class. Just the thought of that though was in fact a little exciting, as long as they didn't turn her in to Miss Harding, as Melody had done to Eric. But, then again, would that be so bad? Perhaps then Mr. Peters, or better yet, Eric, would have to punish her.

Miss Harding could see that Miss Pepperidge had returned to the task of Benjamin with due vigor and strength, and she was pleased to see that. This young professor might indeed become a very excellent practitioner of the New School method. She smiled with pride as she watched the pretty Miss Pepperidge jerk the boy off.

Melissa had by now stopped her pecking kisses on Anthony's cock. She could tell that he was getting close again, and she didn't want to embarrass him. Plus, she kind of wanted to keep doing this as long as possible. She was, however, lightly sliding the tips of her fingers all around his shiny swollen bulb. Anthony squirmed with delight, his balls pulling in tight against him.

Mr. Stratton worked his way down the aisle. He moved rather quickly, as none of the boys wanted to take a turn. Only one of them was really looking forward to the opportunity, Jeremy Milford, and all of the kids in the class knew why. He smiled with delight at the thought of getting a chance at the professor's cock. But, he was actually a long way away, and Mr. Stratton knew full well that it was very unlikely that he would even make it past the first aisle.

Tammie Monroe was a particularly good treat. She had very round, bulbous boobs, twinkling green eyes, curly blonde hair, and a gay smile, but most importantly she was very interested in the professor's penis. She quickly took to the task with evident enthusiasm, pulling him, and especially his cock, up closer to her, to her face, to her lips.

But, she didn't actually put him in her mouth. She instead just smiled flirtatiously up to him, all the while vigorously stroking his cock. She said, teasingly, "You're not going to squirt all your big manly cum on me, are you Professor Stratton?" She pursed her lips and opened her mouth teasingly.

He might very well do that, if she kept that up.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Mr. Stratton lurched at the smacks on his butt, and grimaced at the sound of the girls giggling behind him. He wondered if he might have a turn disciplining some of these young ladies. Perhaps he could discuss this later with Mr. Peters?

"Give him a good spanking," Tammie ordered. "I think the professor is about to be a very, very bad boy."

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Tammie's hand felt so nice sliding up and down his cock, the head of his penis now thoroughly lubricated by precum, the foreskin rapidly sliding on and off, like soft, wet lips massaging and caressing the so very sensitive nerve endings that flooded his fully engorged crown. He fucked her hand as she stroked his cock.

"Oh, you want to cum so, so bad, don't you, Professor," she teased, "and I bet a big, powerful man like you must have lots and lots and lots of tasty, thick, warm stuff."

Yes, it was clear he wasn't going to get past the first row. He would indeed have a very nice load for this girl.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"I've never tasted a man's cum, before, Mr. Stratton," Tammie continued. "I bet it's extra special thick and gooey." She had actually tasted quite a bit, but she knew that boys liked to hear that theirs would be the first load in her mouth.

"That's enough, now," Miss Harding instructed, her left hand softly, quietly, fondling Benjamin's taut naked bottom. She could see that Professor Stratton was unlikely to make it around the entire class, and that was a bit disappointing. No boy ever did make it all the way around, but she would have hoped that a professor would have more stamina, would be able to lead by example. But, perhaps it was understandable, given Mr. Stratton's lack of experience with the New School methods. "You should proceed to the next girl, Mr. Stratton."

With considerable reluctance he did as he was instructed. His sense of embarrassment over having to expose himself to the girls (and boys) within the class had diminished as his sexual arousal, his lust, increased. It had at first seemed intimidating, if not humiliating, and perhaps it still was. He certainly wouldn't want his male colleagues at Longwood witnessing this, but it wasn't too often that a row of pretty girls, all dressed in the lovely, innocent Templeton uniforms, took turns handling, fondling, and stroking your cock. There was something particularly appealing about having a sweet, innocent looking girl, dressed in a white blouse, black tie, and plaid skirt, gently slide her soft little hand up and down your dick, and this was a whole class of pretty girls. It was girl, after girl, after girl, each one using her own unique style to inspect, handle, and arouse him.

The next girl, Heather, even used her mouth on him. A few minutes ago Mr. Stratton had just been hoping that Melody might touch his erection through his pants, and now this girl, Heather, was leaning out of her chair to wrap her young, sweet lips around his dick, and this was clearly a girl who knew what to do.

Heather did indeed enjoy sucking cock. She was a graduate of Innocent High, a rather controversial high school known for its questionable mores, the title of the school notwithstanding. She moaned with pleasure at the taste of his manly soft crown in her mouth, and she gleefully went after it with her tongue, flicking the tip, the pee slit, with the tip of her tongue as she massaged the shaft and bulb with her lips, swirling the cock head around and around in her mouth.

Mr. Stratton didn't even mind when the girl behind him began to once again paddle his butt. It was perhaps a bit embarrassing, perhaps a bit demeaning, but it was also kind of playful. This girl behind him, whomever it was, wasn't so rough as the first one and, besides, her spanking gave him an excuse to thrust his cock in and out of Heather's mouth, as if he was simply trying to avoid, innocently responding to, the slaps on his butt.

Benjamin could feel himself getting close again, for what seemed like perhaps the umpteenth time. His legs began to feel weak, his knees beginning to buckle, and he reached around Miss Pepperidge and Miss Harding to steady himself but, in fact, perhaps quite instinctively, quite naturally, he grabbed the two lovely teachers on their assess, gripping through their skirts their soft, round, full, lady buttocks.

Miss Harding gleefully accepted Benjamin's hand, squeezing in response his own ass as well, but Miss Pepperidge gasped and flinched at the intimate touch, the feel, and then the grip of the young boy's hand on her tush. This probably wasn't proper student decorum within a classroom, having one of the boys grab hold of your butt. But, perhaps a bit of discretion was tolerable when you're pumping hard on the young man's stiff, thick, bull cock.

The students didn't really know where to look, whether at the paddling and sucking of Mr. Stratton, the jerking off of Benjamin, or Melissa's little personal play with Anthony. Tracy though knew where her eyes preferred to gaze. Her eyes were fixed on the fully engorged purple head of Benjamin that was pointing right at her, like a thrusting cannon whose plugged end was inflamed with lit powder that was bursting to explode.

"Alright, Mr. Stratton," Miss Harding again instructed, "move on now."

The cock of Mr. Stratton popped from Heather's mouth as she released him for the next girl, Melody. He was back to the scene of his crime.

Melody cringed. Unlike Tammie and Heather, she was not particularly interested in inspecting Mr. Stratton's cock. But, she was not a bad student. She wasn't the best student in the class, Tracy outstripped her in that regard. Still, though, she would do her assignments. At times begrudgingly, but they would still be done. She reached out for the professor's erect cock.

It wasn't clear why. Perhaps it was the fact that he had been so close a few times already, perhaps it was because he had never been stroked and licked by a series of pretty girls before, or perhaps it was because this was the girl who turned him in, who was shocked by the sight of his erection, even when hidden by his pants, and now it was right out there, jutting out naked from his body, pointing directly at her, and she had to wrap her little girlish fingers around it. And, perhaps no explanation was really necessary. In any case, Mr. Stratton released his load as soon as the Melody's fingers wrapped around the shaft.

A large stream of hot, wet, sloppy spunk shot from his knob and splatted across Melody's blouse, leaving a long wet rope of cum from her collar, across a boob, and all the way down to her plaid skirt.

"Mr. Stratton!" Melody once again squealed, but this time for a different reason. Well, not that much different, but certainly different in one important respect.

Mr. Stratton sighed with relief, satisfaction, and orgasmic delight as he watched his dick jerk and spew its stuff onto the pretty girl's clean, white blouse. It seemed so very appropriate that she would be the one to receive his gunk, as she was the one who turned him in. What goes around, cums around.

At the sound of Melody's squeal, Miss Pepperidge looked toward the back of the class. She could see only Mr. Stratton's naked butt. Regrettably, she couldn't see his dick, but she could see the gushing of his spunk onto the girl's white blouse and skirt. She felt a sudden surge of warmth, of heat, course through her own loins, through her body, her mind. Her legs went weak as her own orgasm swept her away, her knees wobbling, her body trembling, as she used one hand to squeeze her clit while she used the other to squeeze hard on Benjamin's cock, for balance as well as for pleasure, and he then lurched over, but this time not in pain. This time in a lustful climax, his own cock blasting forth the damned reservoir of choked gism. It shot from his cannon with tremendous force, jerking free from Miss Pepperidge's control as she let go to cover her face, to hide the tell-tale signs of blissful ecstacy engulfing her glazed eyes.

"Miss Harding!" Tracy gasped as she felt the wet, sticky slop splat on her cheek, followed by a rapid series of further spits and spats of slimy, slippery sludge gushing forth from Benjamin's cock. Benjamin had quite a large amount of cum. After all, he was an adolescent with big balls, coupled with the fact that Miss Harding and Miss Pepperidge had been cooking up quite a load for some time, and now it all came blasting forth. Benjamin's cock jerked and twitched like a machine gun out of control, spewing sloppy, wet bullets all over Tracy's face.

Tracy didn't know what to do. She had never seen a guy cum before, let alone have him cum on her face. Her first instinct was to cover herself, to protect herself, but she knew that Miss Harding would probably not approve, and so she squeezed her eyes shut, grimaced, and politely, obediently, took the boy's sticky, sloppy spray full in the face, feeling with dismay, fright, and, yes, excitement, as her forehead, cheeks, nose, lips, and even eyes, were soon drenched in goopy gobs of gism.

The other girls' and boys' heads quickly turned left and right, not wanting to miss the sight of Benjamin and Mr. Stratton spurting out their stuff onto the two pretty girls.

Melody had let go of Mr. Stratton's cock as soon as his first load splashed across her blouse. She was a good student, but not as good as Tracy, and she did try to protect herself, bringing up her hands to block the globs, ropes, and streams of cum from raining down on her new tie and neatly pressed blouse. She didn't really want to go to the next class with her blouse all covered in wet cum stains.

But, as soon as the first spats hit her hands she also realized that she didn't really want the professor cumming on her hands, her bare skin. What was really worse: getting your clothes wet, or having sticky globs of cum all tangled in your fingers in a slimy mess. "Miss Harding!" she squealed again, pulling away her hands and leaning back in a useless, ineffective, effort to avoid the crude oil that gushed from the deep shaft that reached down into Mr. Stratton's thick, full balls.

Neither Benjamin nor Mr. Stratton did anything to help the girls. On the contrary, their eyes glazed over in lust and pleasure, not only with the intense, base fundamental bliss of their physical orgasms, but as well with the sight of their dousing of the two girls. They couldn't explain it, but cumming onto a girl, onto her blouse or face, was so, so, so much more satisfying than just squirting into a rag.

Benjamin, though, did miss Tracy with one shot, the lone white wad flying down the aisle an impressive distance, perhaps a classroom record, the girls on either side leaning defensively away as it went past.

Anthony yearned to join them, but again felt it would only, once again, demonstrate clearly his inadequacy relative to Benjamin, and the professor. He didn't have nearly that much cum. Girls naturally compare guys. He could tell that when he was swimming. Girls would admire the muscles on the other guys, and only smile in sympathy, or in amusement, when they looked at him. He couldn't imagine how much worse it would be to just squirt a little puddle, compared to the buckets of Benjamin. As much as he wanted to cum, physically, he wasn't at all sure, psychologically.

"C'mon," Melissa whispered, gripping tighter on Anthony's cock, increasing the pace of her stroking, soft fingers, "I bet you can squirt a lot farther than that."

Actually, that might be true. No, actually, that would be true. He never came that much but he could squirt pretty far. He had even measured it once. He looked down at Melissa, who was now sliding her fingers around and around his swollen bulb, while softly massaging and squeezing his balls with her other hand, being careful not to disturb the flag but still providing considerable stimulation.

"Miss Harding won't mind. You'll be giving the flag a one gun salute."

And with that suggestion to again demonstrate his respect for the Templeton flag, Anthony's cock lurched. Melissa quickly grabbed hold and aimed her rifle. "Hold it, hold it," she whispered, like a rifleman waiting for the very last possible moment to pull the trip, urging Anthony to provide one last bit of restraint, of self-control, to hold off as long as possible so that the initial blast would come forth with especial thrust and force.

And so it did, shooting up high into the air and across two of the desks in the front row. Even the students in the back of the room could see it clear the heads of the students in the front, until the white glob soared down and into Tracy's hair.

It was indeed an impressive shot and an impressive sight. Anthony in fact was able to release two more of equal length and aim. Well, it was Melissa who should get credit for the aim, but Anthony had fired the cannon and with considerable thrust and trajectory.

Tracy didn't at first know what hit her. It is perhaps hard to imagine a girl not knowing when a glob of cum smacks into her hair, but she was understandably distracted by the last few splats and splots from Benjamin. Her face was now literally drenched, with pools forming in most every nook and cranny of her pretty face. Her mother had been trying to convince her to get glasses. Tracy had resisted, but now wished that she hadn't, as they would have at least provided her eyes with some protection from the deluge of globby boy cum.

But, then, to add insult to injury (well, actually, more of each), she felt smaller splats of cum hit her on the right side. One even landed on and dripped down into her ear. "Miss Harding!" Tracy finally complained. It just wasn't her day. Having one boy splash cum on you in class might be acceptable. But two? Well, that really did appear to be going too far.

Anthony and Melissa both smiled, Anthony with his accomplishment, as well as with his pleasure. It felt so good to finally cum, to be able to let his dick squirt and spurt its cum, to feel the orgasm sweep over and through him, as his cock continued to spit its little white bullets.

His last few shots fell harmlessly along the floor in front of the first row of desks. The girls in the desks in between him and Tracy were certainly grateful to Melissa for that.

Mr. Stratton gasped for breath, staring down at Melody's cum soaked blouse. Her brassiere was now showing through the thin white cotton, like she had been competing in some sort of wet blouse contest. Through his foggy eyes he admired the sight of her brassiere visible through her gism drenched blouse.

Melody noticed where Mr. Stratton was staring and she brought her hands back down to modestly cover herself, albeit the gesture did seem rather pointless at this point, the strong fresh scent of manly cum drifting up into her nose.

Miss Harding was pleased. It was clearly a very good ending to today's class demonstration. She patted Benjamin's behind in approval as she looked with pride upon the cum soaked face of Tracy, and nodded with approval toward Anthony. "You can lower your flag, Anthony," she instructed.

Melissa was given the honor of carefully removing the flag from its shrinking pole. She respectfully folded it up, and tucked it into her purse.

Anthony and Melissa did get together after class. Melissa in fact began a big flag collection. Some kids collect coins, some collect stamps, and some collect flags from countries all around the world. The governments provide copies of them in small sizes precisely for the purpose of fitting them nicely into collection books. Anthony periodically came over to Melissa's house to raise a new flag for her collection.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I hope those who enjoy CFNM enjoyed this story, and those unfamiliar with it began to develop an interest. In any case, I thank those who have been supportive and encouraging, and I also do welcome suggestions. Best wishes!

