Disciplining Young Ladies
byCharles Petersunn©

This story concerns a return of Mr. Peters and the disciplining of young ladies, upon the request of a number of readers, classified within the section for reluctance and submission. If you don't like stories involving spanking and humiliation then please don't read this. My thanks to a Literotica member, for alerting me to the story, "The New Boy," written by Married Guy, from whom I got the idea of the final spanking position. And, most importantly, my thanks to StoryPal for his considerable help in editing! Please note, everyone in this story is at least eighteen years old.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The students had been told to expect this, and many of them had been disciplined before. Knowing that it was coming or having experienced it before, didn't necessarily make it any easier. In fact, knowing that it was coming could make it all the more difficult. The anticipatory anxiety, the wondering and worrying about what might happen, could in fact be worse than actually experiencing the shame and embarrassment of being disciplined in front of your fellow students. Well, maybe it's not actually worse than the experience. But, it was probably best not to worry about it in advance as the worrying didn't really help. It wasn't like that the more you worried about it, the less likely it would happen or the less embarrassing it would be. And, besides, it might not be as bad as you fear. Still, it was so difficult not to wonder and worry.

A couple of the girls in the class even dropped out and transferred to Miss Baer 's class. It was their right to do so. Enrollment within Mr. Peters' classes was entirely voluntary, as it was in any class, and there were viable alternatives. However, it was also known that the students who graduated from Mr. Peters' classes succeeded, on average, at a higher rate than those who graduated from other classes. The fact was, his form of pedagogy did in fact work, and very effectively so.

It was precisely this success that led to today's classroom demonstration. Mr. Eric Stratton and Miss Mandy Pepperidge from Longwood College had requested that Mr. Peters provide to them a demonstration of his disciplinary techniques. Longwood College was having a particularly difficult time with miscreant, insubordinate, and recalcitrant students (the members of the Delta Tau Chi fraternity were especially troublesome).

Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge were sent on behalf of the administration of Longwood (President Wormer himself made the request) as it was clear that their present approach was sorely ineffective in establishing effective discipline, respect, and honor.

Mr. Peters graciously assented. It would disrupt his classroom instruction to some extent. No young lady currently required disciplinary action, and he would have to take some time away from lecture and discussion to provide an effective demonstration. Nevertheless, he could hardly deny the request of colleagues from sister colleges.

Further, he didn't really want to brush the request aside. On the contrary, his mission as an educator was the growth and development of college students, and the pursuit of this objective would certainly include providing whatever help or guidance that was requested from his colleagues at other universities. The more he could disseminate the correct and effective implementation of the New School method of student discipline, the more students who would be enriched.

Longwood College was coed and so Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge, of course, wished to see the methods demonstrated with young women, as well as young men. Mr. Peters had indicated that the discipline of young women is best applied by a man, whereas the discipline of young men is best applied by a woman. Discipline is more than just the provision of a spanking. It was much, much more than that, as the guests from Longwood College would soon observe.

To observe the disciplining of young ladies, Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge attended Mr. Peters' math class. They would attend one of Miss Harding's classes for a demonstration of the disciplinary methods for young gentleman (see "Disciplining young gentlemen").

"Alright then, students, listen up," Mr. Peters said, getting them to quiet down and pay attention. "As indicated on the syllabus, for the first part of this class we will be demonstrating for our illustrious guests from Longwood College the method of discipline we use within this course." Deep breaths of apprehension and nervous anticipation could be heard through the class. "We are, of course, very delighted to have this opportunity to assist our sister college." He turned to his guests with a bit of a twinkle in his eye. "In return, I don't suppose you might help us with football?" A titter ran through the classroom. No one could remember the last time that Templeton had beaten Longwood College at football.

Miss Pepperidge graciously responded. "We would gladly trade your skills in the development of young minds with our skills in training quarterbacks. I think we know what is truly most important."

"Yes, well, it doesn't always feel that way when that Saturday game arrives." It was a point well taken. "But, let's get started." Mandy and Eric took a position standing beside the last student at the back of the class. They wanted to be well out of the way, not wishing their presence to actually interfere with the demonstration. "Excellent," Mr. Peters said, "You will have a good view from there. Clorette DePasto, why don't you have the pleasure of being our volunteer. If you would, please come up to the front of the class and stand right here, in front of my desk."

It was no real pleasure for Clorette. In fact, it was a pleasure to all of the other girls in the class not to have been chosen. As they breathed sighs of relief, Clorette's heart sank. She had thought that she had stood a pretty good chance not to have been selected. After all, there were about 15 girls in the class, and she was a very well-behaved young lady, always duly respectful and obedient. Why did Mr. Peters choose her?

Mr. Peters had in fact chosen Clorette for a number of very good reasons. She was strikingly cute, with a quite petite frame, long curly dark hair, a very sweet smile, perky nose, cute dimples, and large innocent eyes that so often seemed to express a confused wonderment and confusion beneath her spectacles. Perhaps most importantly, though, Clorette was among the more compliant and agreeable students in the class. In fact, she had never been spanked before. There was simply never any reason to discipline her. However, her characteristic obedience, if not docility, would be precisely helpful as the first student in the class to demonstrate the New School methods. He intended to provide a very comprehensive demonstration in the limited period of time that was available. And, besides, he would have to honestly admit that there was a bit of him, just a small part, that had always wanted to give Clorette a little spanking.

"Oh, Mr. Peters, must I?" Clorette responded, looking at him so lovingly beseechingly through her spectacles.

"No, no, of course not, Clorette," he replied. "This is all strictly voluntary. You will not be penalized in any way if you decline to participate." That was very true. He had some difficulty getting this demonstration approved by the Templeton Ethics Board. They approved the project as long as the participation was truly voluntary. In fact, if a student was willing to be spanked, what right did the college actually have to deny her that opportunity? "You would not, of course, receive the extra credit toward your final grade that I am offering to each participant but, of course, no extra credit is ever a requirement. It's only there as a helpful offering."

Clorette, though, knew that she would comply with the professor's request. It was just simply her way. She didn't really need the extra credit. She was already well on the way to receiving a final 'A' grade. It was just so inconsistent with her personality to decline the request of a professor. She often volunteered to hand out assignments or track down articles. She would even erase the board for a professor before he or she arrived. If a professor needed her for something, all he or she had to do was to ask. And, Professor Peters clearly needed her for this. "Alright, sir, yes, I will do it."

The boys were very pleased with that decision. Mr. Peters had already disciplined a number of the students in the class, including some of the boys (although he typically brought in Miss Harding to do that). Anyone who was disciplined didn't really like it. Well, that was not entirely true. Many of the boys, and the girls, in fact most of them, did eventually grow to enjoy it, or at least certain aspects of it. But, by and large, one would certainly prefer to avoid it. It was really all terribly confusing.

However, it was for the most part very enjoyable to witness, particularly if it was a member of the opposite sex that was being punished. And, none of the boys had yet seen Clorette receive discipline. Penises began to swell just thinking about that cute little bare bottom being spanked right in front of them. Who knew that Introductory Mathematics, Mr. Peters' course, would be so intriguing, so instructive, so fun!

Clorette walked timidly to the front of the class, her eyes fixed on Mr. Peters, wondering what he intended to do. She hoped it would be less embarrassing than other spankings, particularly because of the presence of the visitors from Longwood. She glanced back at Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge, feeling quite uncomfortable at the thought that these two strangers, these two adults, would be a witness to her spanking. She avoided entirely any eye contact with her classmates. It was like having a form of stage fright, where your only hope was to try to ignore the fact that there was indeed a large audience watching your every move. Clorette tried to block them out of her mind as she reached her position in front of Mr. Peters' desk.

Mr. Peters smiled as she approached. He so much enjoyed the sight of the Templeton uniform on the young ladies: the black tie, innocent white blouse, plaid skirt to the knees, and Mary Jane shoes. Clorette looked particularly fetching, with her petite frame, youthful face, and bespectacled eyes. "Alright, then," he replied. "Let me turn off the overhead lights, turn on the camera lights, and switch on the camcorder."

Clorette squealed, "You're going to record this?!" She instinctively covered her bottom with her hands, even though she hadn't yet shown anything at all. "This is being videotaped?"

"Well, it's actually a digital camera, dear, but yes, of course, of course," Mr. Peters explained as he shut the blinds, turned on the camera lights and turned off the overhead lights. The room became quite dark, and once he returned to the front of the class, only the two of them, Mr. Peters and Clorette, were in the light.

Not surprisingly, not all of the students had been willing to be recorded, nor did all of the parents consent to have them taped. "Now just the two of us in the front of the room can be seen in the camera." He turned to the entire class, which he could only just barely see through the glare of the camera lights. "We don't want to violate anyone's confidentiality, of course, or cause any undue embarrassment."

Clorette continued to object, which was really most unusual for her, but these were rather unusual circumstances. "I didn't know you were going to record this, Mr. Peters."

"You signed the consent form, dear. Didn't you read it?" All of the students in the class were at least eighteen years old, and many of the students, and their parents, had signed a consent form, including Clorette, in which it was clearly stated that the discipline would be taped. Many of the students, though, hadn't actually read it that thoroughly. They got these consent forms all the time from the college administration, from doctors, from psychologists doing experiments. They were always so long and convoluted. How could they be expected to read all the little details?

Clorette shook her head. She softly replied, "No sir, I didn't." She could tell that Mr. Peters was disappointed. She so hated to disappoint a professor. She cursed herself for failing to have noticed the reference to taping. Actually, she didn't really use a curse word. She would never use words like that. "I'm sorry, Mr. Peters."

"Well, maybe you should in fact be disciplined, young lady. Perhaps next time you will read consent forms more thoroughly in the future if you receive a bit of spanking. This could indeed be a very useful lesson for you."

'Wow,' she thought. 'He had a good point there.'

Mr. Peters continued. "As it said in the consent form, which I am sure all of you read," he said, turning toward the rest of the class, "We are recording this demonstration so that other faculty, at other colleges, can see for themselves how the New School method is implemented."

Clorette exclaimed with surprise and some shock, "Other people are going to see this?!"

"Well, yes, dear, what else does one use a video recording for?" Actually, this recording would probably also be used for other purposes, but that would certainly be understandable. "Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge traveled quite a distance to witness this demonstration. We can hardly expect to require such an expensive journey all the time, can we?"

"No sir, I suppose not."

"And, I'm sure that you want to help students in other colleges become better educated. You're not a selfish girl, are you?"

"Oh no sir, yes sir, of course sir."

"Excellent, alright then, if you would," he said, as he used the remote to turn on the video recorder, mounted in the ceiling. "We want to first demonstrate the basic positions for implementing discipline," he said to his guests, to the class, and to the video recorder. "Clorette, if you please," he said to her, "Bend over the desk, resting on your elbows."

With a deep breath Clorette got into position. It had been bad enough thinking about doing this in front of the whole class, it was so terribly much worse to think about how many other persons, strangers from across the country, might view this in the future. But, she did as she was told. She leaned over the desk, resting on her elbows, her bottom sticking out toward the class, the two guests, and the camera. She could feel the warmth of the camera lights, although she wondered if it was her embarrassed flushing that made her feel so warm.

"This is, of course," Mr. Peters instructed, "the traditional position, at least within an academic setting. It was first proposed by Dean Stanton at the St. Catherine School for Girls in Canton, England in 1892, or at least that's the first documentation of the recommended position published within the scientific pedagogical literature. In any case, the bottom is nicely presented in a rather submissive posture. To really make the point stronger you should instruct the girl to arch her back." He turned to Clorette. "Clorette, if you don't mind."

She understood what he wanted. She was, of course, listening very intently, as she always did. However, she didn't really want to arch her back as it felt like a rather obscene gesture, bent over the way she was, but she did as she was told. Any objection or defiance at this point could itself justify further spanking. She arched her back.

The boys smiled with pleasure. An advantage of the darkened room immediately became evident to the boys, and some of the more adventurous of them were already fondling their penises in anticipation of what was to come.

"Yes, excellent. As you see, when Clorette arches her back her bottom pokes up even higher, presenting an even better target, as if Clorette is wishing, wanting, asking you to paddle, to handle, her bottom."

Everyone, including Miss Pepperidge, found her position to be a bit provocative in another manner as well.

"I think some of the boys may also recognize Clorette's pose as conveying another meaning, another implication. Would any of you like to share it with the class?"

Clorette's red face deepened further. The implication was very obvious to her. It was as if she was offering herself, sexually.

None of the boys raised their hands. Obtaining class participation was often difficult, particularly from the boys. Usually it was because they weren't paying much attention. In this case, it was probably a reluctance to speak so openly about something that was so difficult to acknowledge, at least publicly.

Mr. Peters smiled understandingly. "My goodness, aren't we the shy ones today. I suppose we're feeling a little camera shy, what with the guests here today and the filming." He turned back to Clorette and affectionately laid his hand on her little round tush, enjoying the sweet, soft touch of the girl's behind. "Well, I'm sure what the boys are noticing is that Clorette also appears to be presenting herself to be mounted, and I imagine quite a few boys would be more than happy to step up to the plate." He affectionately patted her bottom.

Clorette grimaced at the feel of Mr. Peters' intimate touch, as well as the open discussion of the sexual nature of her presentation. He really wouldn't have a boy do that, would he? Not in front of the whole class?

"This connotation is in fact integral to the New School approach. There have always been considered to be two basic components to corporeal discipline, pain and humiliation. The New School approach, of course, adds a third component, which I will get to shortly." He gently grasped Clorette's cheeks to help her raise her bottom up even a bit higher. "Spankings can be delivered over her skirt." He again lightly fondled her petite derriere.

The hands of the boys were nearly all now fondling their own swelling appendages.

"You can, of course, increase both the pain and the embarrassment through the raising of the skirt."

Clorette turned her head back to Mr. Peters, plaintively imploring him through her spectacles to show some mercy. She didn't want him to raise her skirt.

Mr. Peters, however, did not hesitate. He reached down for the hem of her plaid skirt and pulled it up over her bottom, revealing to the entire class Clorette's undergarment. Her tight, white panty shined brightly in the camera lights, like a wonderfully gorgeous white moon. Her panties clung beneath her buttocks, where there was a very clear outline of a little cunnie cup poking out beneath her perky bottom.

Boys in the class leaned forward eagerly, entranced by the lovely view. A few girls did likewise, although some averted their eyes in sympathy.

Clorette turned her face back toward the front of the room, imagining the lustful leers of her classmates and wishing she could hide. She knew she couldn't see them in the darkness but felt as though each ogling pair of eyes was an intimate touch on her behind.

"But, in the New School, we really are not interested in inflicting any undue harm or pain. We do appreciate the concerns that have been raised with regard to corporeal punishment, particularly within academic settings. No, in fact, we eschew the infliction of undue and excessive pain and in fact replace it with the complementary third component of the New School method, pleasurable arousal."

Arousal? Clorette did not at all feel any arousal, other than the arousal of anxiety and embarrassment.

"We do though keep the component of embarrassment," he added as he pulled Clorette's panties carefully down off her bottom, her naked derriere suddenly coming into view, her little white orb seeming to now glow ever more brilliantly in the darkened room (although this appearance could be simply an illusion of one's greater interest in the whiteness of her naked skin over the whiteness of her panties). Mr. Peters tucked her panties just under her behind, hiding the even more delectable cunnie pouch. "You can't really have discipline without some punishment."


Clorette quickly covered her face with her hands, knowing what everyone now could see. Even that exasperating Billy Thompson was now seeing her naked bottom! He was always teasing her, annoying her, making all sorts of dirty adolescent jokes. One time he even had the gall to pinch her bottom. She gave him a very hard glare for that and told him that if he ever did that again she would tell on him for sure. He just laughed, but he didn't try that again. However, here he was now, sitting front and center of the class, being provided the best view possible of her now shamefully displayed naked fanny, even sticking it out toward him, as if she was inviting him to pinch it. Yes, the New School certainly did keep the component of humiliation.

All of the boys leaned forward, and in the comfort, the safety, the security, of the darkened room, more than a few of them now had their hands in their laps. Clorette had such a very cute behind: so round, so perky, so white, so sweet.

Unfortunately, for the boys, Mr. Peters tucked her panties just under her behind, hiding the even more tasty cunnie pouch.

Clorette could feel Mr. Peters tucking her panties in beneath her bottom. She was grateful for that. Exposing one's fanny was bad enough. It was so demeaning and infantile. But, imagine if the boys in the class could see her girlish part! She blushed just thinking about it.

Mr. Peters observed, "Clorette does certainly have a very pretty, a very appealing behind. She is a young lady of eighteen years, but her bottom is so cutely perky and petite." To emphasize his point he delicately patted her fanny. Clorette squirmed a bit at his touch. The boys squirmed a bit at the sight of his touch.

A young lady's behind did feel so good to pat, to touch, to caress, and Mr. Peters allowed himself a brief moment to gently feel Clorette's soft, tender bum buns. They were so preciously teeny. He could almost squeeze her entire derriere with just one hand.

Miss Pepperidge squirmed a bit as well at the sight of the young lady's bottom being so openly fondled by the professor. She wasn't entirely sure, however, whether she felt uncomfortable or strangely aroused.

Mr. Stratton though was not the least bit conflicted over his feelings. He could feel the push of his hard cock against his slacks and the throbbing from the excitement of seeing Clorette's pretty perky naked derriere. He so wished that he could reach down and give himself a squeeze but he sincerely doubted that he could do so outside the sight of Miss Pepperidge. How unfortunate that she was standing to his left! Perhaps he could shift around her, pretending that he was just trying to get a better view? He was at least grateful for the darkness of the room, as he knew that he was displaying a notable bulge.

Sandy McDonald was sitting right next to Mr. Stratton. There was little light at the back of the room but she could clearly see the bulge out of the corner of her eyes. It was a little disconcerting, to say the least. It wasn't too often that a visiting dignitary was in your class, and even less often that he was displaying a hard-on in his slacks, just inches from your eyes.

She knew that she should probably be taking notes. Some of this might be on the test. But, how could Mr. Peters expect her to take notes when it was so dark? Most importantly, the sight of Mr. Stratton's stiffy was plenty more interesting to her than what Mr. Peters was saying.

"As you can see, I left Clorette's panties tucked just below her little round cheeks. I did this largely because I always find that a girl's derriere is all the prettier when it's so nicely framed, and what better trim than bunched-up white cotton panties."

If bottoms could blush, Clorette's certainly would.

"One could remove the panties entirely, but their presence, particularly their ineffective presence, provides such a nice concrete reminder of the young lady's state of undress. It would be enjoyable enough for the boys to see the girl's panties, but now," he said, as he ran a finger up and down her lovely bottom crack, "They in fact get to see both her panties and her bare bottom."

Clorette's bottom again twitched, much to the pleasure of the boys, particularly Billy, who had the front and center seat. He so much wanted to reach down and grip his cock, but he was so close to Mr. Peters that he couldn't take the chance.

"Now, there are, of course, alternative places for the panties."

Clorette uncovered her face and lifted her head, staring worriedly out in front of her. What other places? She didn't have to wait long to find out.

"My favorite position for the girl's panties is in fact down here," he explained, as he stepped behind her, momentarily obstructing the boys' view of her precious buttercup, and proceeded to pull Clorette's panties farther down. "I like them here," he said, "bunched up and around the knees." He stepped aside so that everyone could appreciate their new position.

"You'll have to spread your legs a bit, Clorette, to keep your undies in place. If they fall down, I will have to provide you with some extra spanking."

Clorette grimaced. She had been hoping that she could at least keep her thighs pressed tightly together, hoping that this might help to hide her most personal private part from view. It actually wouldn't, but she would at least feel that she was doing the best she could to protect her modesty, her dignity, her self-respect. Nevertheless, she certainly didn't want any "extra" spanking. She kind of hoped that she wouldn't get any spanking at all. Perhaps he would just have her demonstrate the position for a spanking. Perhaps if she was a good girl, he would spank someone else. She spread her legs apart, just a bit, just enough to feel her thighs holding onto, stretching out, her white, cotton panties. She at least felt good that she had worn fresh, clean panties that day.

"That's a good girl," Mr. Peters observed.

That made her feel better, at least a little bit. It was always nice to hear the compliments, the appreciation, of your instructor, but she still didn't feel particularly good about opening her thighs up for Billy, for the rest of the class and for whomever might someday see this videotape.

Billy was now rock hard. Presented before him, fully open to view, was the little hairy Clorette cunnie cup. It was not though in fact very hairy at all, and so one could see very well the white, virginal peach, poking out from between her soft lily white thighs and split down the middle by a very delicate, very feminine, slit. This slit in which he would so much want to drive his cock, where it would be met and gripped by a very hot, wet, tight, clenching cunt. He so much wanted to grab his cock.

"This position, of course," Mr. Peters explained, "is also very helpful in displaying the young lady's. . ." He leaned down a bit to Clorette. "What word would you prefer I use, Clorette?"

Clorette would prefer no word whatsoever, and she certainly didn't want to provide the word. Her own preferred word was though 'cunnie.' She liked that word because it seemed more feminine, more sweet, more pretty. 'Cunt' was too derogatory, too slutty. 'Vagina' was too clinical, too doctor-like. It was what your mother would call it. She always thought that the 'Vagina Monologues' should have been 'Cunnie Chronicles.' But, again, there was no way she would tell Mr. Peters this. Actually, she didn't really mind telling him, personally. After all, he was a mature and well respected professor. She just didn't want to say it out loud in front of the class. But, of course, how much modesty did she really have left? "Anything you want, Mr. Peters," she softly replied, but thinking, 'Please don't use the word cunt!'

"Well, I personally prefer the word, 'cunnie,'" Mr. Peters said, "and I believe this is most fitting for Clorette, as she does have one of the more innocently appealing little cunnies I have ever seen."

Clorette felt another wave of warmth course through her face. It was of course very nice to hear that he also liked the word 'cunnie.' For some reason, it made her feel closer to him that they thought of her, her most feminine part, in the same way. And, it was even better that he was so complimentary of its appearance. She had wondered at times whether a boy would consider her cunnie to be unappealing. Lots of girls she had seen in the shower had cunnies that were so much fuller, meatier, fleshier. There just didn't seem much to hers at all. Just a little slit down a white mound. She didn't even have much hair on it.

"And, I must say, isn't it nice that she has such a delicate peach fuzz." He reached down and gently traced his fingers up and down the length of her slit.

Clorette quickly, instinctively, clasped her thighs shut and her panties fell to her ankles. She groaned at her mistake, particularly as she had not gained anything from clasping her thighs together. With this pose her cunnie was still very well exposed, and now she had Mr. Peters' fingers clutched tightly within her thighs as they lightly rested against her personal feminine lips.

Fortunately, Mr. Peters did not appear to be upset. He politely withdrew his fingers and said, "Oopsy daisy, Clorette. You seem to have dropped your panties." A rather incongruous statement to be making in a class. "But, that's fine. I was about to pull them down the rest of the way anyway."

Clorette breathed a sigh of relief. At least she wouldn't be getting an extra spanking. Perhaps she wouldn't be getting any at all.

"You can see class, our guests, and," he added, turning his face for a moment directly into the camera, "those at home, there is also an appeal in having the panties gathered around the ankles. It is still rather constraining. Whether the panties are around the knees or the ankles, she can't really kick or escape. Let me demonstrate."

Smack!

"Mr. Peters!" Clorette exclaimed.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Mr. Peters, please, please. It stings!" Clorette protested, her face grimacing, her pretty bottom wriggling.

It really wasn't a terribly painful spanking. There was no use of a cane, switch, or ruler, and he actually wasn't smacking her too terribly hard. But, it was a shock, and it did certainly sting a bit. Clorette pranced and danced before the class, trying to flay out her feet, her legs, but Mr. Peters was right. She really couldn't do much with her panties wrapped around her ankles.

And, her little dance was all the more pleasurable, more enjoyable, for the boys, and for Mr. Stratton. It was like she was trying to entice them by flouncing, sashaying, and waving her naked tush, even giving them brief glimpses and erotic displays of her girlish cunnie.

Mr. Stratton hadn't realized how erotic it would be to watch a girl get a spanking. His cock yearned and strained to be released from his slacks, or at least to be squeezed and stroked.

The cocks of many of the boys were indeed being stroked and squeezed. They were resting their hands in their laps, as if that was how they normally sat during a class, but any watchful eye would quickly see fingers shifting and working on their erect penises.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Mr. Peters, please, please, I'll be good, I promise."

It was an instinctual response. She actually hadn't been bad at all, but she did hope that promising to be good would end the spanking.

However, Mr. Peters continued to spank her.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

After awhile, she stopped her struggling and just gritted her teeth to accept the discipline.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

That was enough. Mr. Peters wasn't actually attempting to discipline Clorette. After all, she hadn't actually deserved to be spanked. This was really just a demonstration and so there was no real need to belabor the spanking. He did though want to get a good rosy glow. A vivid visual spectacle was vital for the video tape, as well as for the guests.

"As you can see, gentlemen, and ladies, Clorette's derriere now has a very lively red luster. This is what one calls a real apple bottom."

Clorette was wiggling her Golden Delicious around, trying to get the sting out. It didn't really hurt all that bad. Mr. Peters had been considerate about that. It was more like an inescapable tingling, like all the nerves of her bottom were sparkling and twinkling stars, dancing around her bottom as her cheeks danced for the class.

"By the way Clorette is wiggling her bottom, it's almost like she wants us to take a bite of her apple."

Clorette stopped moving it around. Of course, she hadn't been doing that to try to entice her audience. Just the thought of that made her blush, realizing that it probably did look like she was trying to tempt and beguile the boys by waving her naked tush at them. 'This is so embarrassing,' she thought.

Mr. Peters continued his lecture. "It is, of course, always good to at times pause, at least for a bit, to admire one's handiwork. I do particularly like the bottom at this early stage."

'Early?' Clorette thought. That was not a good sign.

"The girl's bottom is now just ripening, coming alive, and the rosy glean makes it all the more pleasing to the eye. Here, let me show you. Clorette, if you would, get up on your tip toes."

"Yes sir," Clorette softly replied, and did as she was told.

"Having the girl on her tippy toes can be a nice variation on this position. By doing so she raises her bottom up even higher, of course. But, more importantly, the fact that she is doing so by getting up on her tip toes gives the impression that she is doing all that she can within her power, what little power she has, to let you know how much she wants to be spanked, how much she wants you to see her most intimate places."

Clorette knew very well that she was giving that appearance. It really did feel that way, whether she wanted it to or not, and she groaned with embarrassment.

"And, the presentation is indeed very delightful. The pinkness of her bottom now contrasts very well with the whiteness, where the hand did not spank." To accentuate his point he gently ran his fingers up and down the crack of her bottom. Clorette buried her face in her hands. He didn't actually stick his fingers down into her crack, but it still felt rather invasive and immodest, to say the least; to have a professor touch her there, in front of everyone, and, besides, it tickled, and she just couldn't help wiggling and twitching.

"And, of course, by being on tippy toes, Clorette is doing her very best to get us to notice the most sweetest, delicate crack of all." Mr. Peters' fingers went down past her bottom, all the way down, to her white, pure, innocent cunnie mound, that was now again so visibly evident, and this time so prominently so.

Clorette gave out a little puppy whine as she felt the professor's fingers lightly caressing her slit.

"I think she is even a little bit moist. My goodness. It doesn't usually happen this quickly."

Clorette turned her head back to the professor, a look of panic on her face. No way! How terribly, terribly embarrassing. She wanted to look for herself, but that would be rather awkward. Besides, she couldn't leave this position without permission. But, as she felt the professor's fingers going up and down her slit she could indeed feel a bit of moisture.

"My goodness, Clorette," Mr. Peters said, looking Clorette in the eye, a knowing smile on his face, "You kind of like spanking, don't you."

Clorette vigorously shook her head. "No, no, no sir!"

"This isn't something you've done with any of your little boyfriends?"

She said even more emphatically, her eyes beneath her spectacles wide open in shock, "Oh my gosh, no sir!"

"Well, you might want to consider it in the future. It seems like you may in fact have a natural talent for it." He removed his finger and held it up for her to see, to see the tell-tale glistening of feminine dew.

She saw it and quickly looked away. How so terribly, terribly humiliating! Why did he have to show it to the entire class?! Well, she knew full well why he did it. Humiliation was part of the discipline process. Thank goodness at least none of her closest friends were there, or her family. When she was spanked as a little girl her father would do it in front of the family, as the embarrassment was indeed part of the punishment. But, her father had never done anything like this before. And, then she realized, maybe her friends, even her father, would indeed see it someday, would see the video. What if it got on Youtube? Her face went deep red and her heart raced with that thought, although she quickly realized that Youtube doesn't show any nudity. She relaxed a little bit. Thank goodness for that. Although, of course, Youtube was hardly the only place the videotape could wind up.

Mr. Stratton had been taking notes on a clipboard, but he now brought the clipboard down to his side, thereby providing more cover from the eyes of Miss Pepperidge. He could in fact press the clipboard against his crotch to hide his erection completely from view. If he did that he might even be able to surreptitiously play with himself. But, he knew that having the clipboard pressed against him would be like raising a red flag, signaling that he was indeed hiding something. He therefore just kept it to his side. At least then Miss Pepperidge couldn't see it. He knew now that he really should have worn briefs, and made a note of that for future reference.

The fact that he wore boxers though was much appreciated by Sandy, whose own eyes were now fixed on the big round bulb pushing out the front of Mr. Stratton's slacks. It was actually kind of hard to ignore, even if she had wanted to. He was standing just inches from her desk. If he moved any closer it could poke her right in the side of her face.

She wondered what he would do if she touched it. Would he get angry? Would he jump back and yell? She certainly didn't want to get into any trouble. But, could you expect a girl to just ignore something like that? Could you really expect her to resist such an enticing temptation?

She absentmindedly, at least seemingly so, played with a pencil in her hand, turning it around and around, the elbow of her bent arm resting on the arm rest of desk. Her heart began to race as she twirled the pencil in her fingers, slowly but surely moving closer and closer to Mr. Stratton's bulge. When she was but an half inch away, she dropped her hand to shift the pencil into her left hand and then brought her right hand back up, this time leaning it farther away from her desk to let it touch precisely on the tip of Mr. Stratton's bulge. In fact, she more than just touched it, she grasped it firmly between her thumb and forefinger, all the time keeping her eyes fixed on Mr. Peters' class presentation.

Mr. Stratton's eyes widened in shock and fright at the feel of the girl's fingers grasping hold of the tip of his hard cock. His knee jerk reaction would have been to suddenly pull away, but he had the self-control, the discipline as a professor, to remain calm when a girl grasped hold of his cock. Well, not really calm, but he had enough presence of mind not to make a sudden movement that might draw quite a bit of attention to his erection. He instead moved back gently, just a bit, to let her let go, but the girl did not in fact let go.

He had no idea what to do. He briefly glanced down. Her thumb and index finger were clearly holding onto him. She wasn't just inadvertently touching him, although she wasn't giving any sign that she was actually doing this intentionally. Her face was turned away from him, from his pants, from his bulge, his cock. With the exception of her thumb and finger, her full attention appeared to be directed toward the front of the class.



And then, she let go. He breathed a sigh of relief. But, she let go only to be able to lightly, subtly caress his knob with her thumb: lightly, softly, quietly, circling around and around his bulb. It felt so terribly, terribly nice. It would under any circumstances, but when accompanied by the sight of Mr. Peters lightly sliding his fingers up and down Clorette's little feminine slit, it was quite an experience. Yes, there did appear to be some rather distinctive benefits of the New School method of discipline. He shifted his position closer to the girl caressing his knob. In fact, he moved all the way up to her desk, ostensibly just to look more closely at Mr. Peters' demonstration, but in fact to get as close as possible to the young lady's fingers, as well to further hide himself from the view of Miss Pepperidge.

Sandy smiled as she noticed him bring his erection closer. No, he had not reacted with shock or anger. Apparently he liked it when a girl played with his thing through his slacks. Of course, she shouldn't be terribly surprised at that. Mr. Stratton was, after all, a man, and what man wouldn't enjoy that? She grasped his knob between her first and second fingers, like it was a cigarette, or more accurately a cigar, that she was going to smoke, and then applied her thumb again to the knob, softly caressing it through his slacks. She so much wondered what it must look like. It did feel awfully big.

"Well," Mr. Peters said, from outside of the darkness. "Let's now get these panties all the way off. I think we've covered well enough the benefits of they're still being on. Let's proceed to some positions in which the panties are discarded."

Clorette was very glad that Mr. Peters stopped caressing her slit. Her face was now so terribly flushed, both with embarrassment and with excitement. He was apparently indeed correct that there was considerable arousal during the course of a New School disciplinary session.

Mr. Peters crouched down and helped Clorette step out of her panties, continuing to instruct as he did so. "Removing the panties can be quite gratifying to the girl as she can now more freely move about," as if Clorette was free to do as she wished. If she could move freely, she would walk out of class, even if it meant leaving without her panties.

Mr. Peters took his time helping Clorette step out of her panties, as his eyes were so close to her perky pink cheeks and sweet feminine pouch. It took all of his professorial discipline not to bury his face, his lips, into her thighs so that he could lick the sweet nectar of this girl's delectable quim.

Clorette did not leave the room but she did at least take the opportunity of having her panties removed to get off her tip toes and close her thighs.

Mr. Peters let the slight indiscretion slide. He knew that remaining on tip toes can be tiring and he didn't really want the girl to become uncomfortable.

He further explained as he stood back up, "By having the panties removed, she is that much further from being able to pull them back up. Plus, of course, she might appreciate that you now have her delicate, personal, unmentionables within manly hands."

Clorette did not indeed "appreciate" being reminded of that, and she grimaced at the thought of her panties being held up in the front of the class. At least Mr. Peters wasn't passing them around the room, letting each of the boys personally handle them. That would certainly be going too far.

"In fact, let's pass Clorette's panties around the class so that each of the students can take a closer look. The boys may even consider appreciating their aroma, if they are so inclined."

Clorette dropped her forehead onto Mr. Peters' desk. Could this really get any worse?

As Mr. Peters approached the student sitting in the front row of the first column of desks, the one along which Mr. Stratton and Miss Pepperidge were standing toward the back, he allowed himself a brief sniff. "Yes, I think you should take advantage of the opportunity. Clorette really does have a very nice, feminine scent." He handed the panties to the boy sitting in the front row, who did indeed study them quite closely.

Clorette remembered when she was much younger and some boys stole her panties from her swimming bag. That had been so embarrassing, seeing them hold her panties up and toss them around, but at least they got into trouble for it.

She wasn't at all sure that she would even want to put her panties back on when they did finally get back to her. Even Billy Thompson would be touching them, would be feeling them, and, oh man, smelling them?

Mr. Peters admonished the first boy, as he was clearly hoarding them. "Keep them moving boys. Let everyone have an opportunity to consider Clorette's panties." He returned to Clorette, still submissively bent over his desk, her pink buttercup pointed back toward her classmates.

"Now, students, and guests, quite often when the girl is bent over the desk like this one can also get a very nice presentation of her little darling rosebud." There was a bit of smirks and giggling over that. "But, Clorette has such a tightly taut teeny tush that you really can't see into her crack."

Well, thought Clorette, that's at least something. At least one part of her was to be kept private.

"Clorette, why don't you open it up for the class, for everyone to see. Just reach back and spread your cheeks. I think we would all like to see it, wouldn't we?"

"Oh yes, Mr. Peters," Billy Thompson suddenly exclaimed, although quickly fearing that he should not have spoken up at all. He didn't particularly want the sound of his voice to be heard on the tape, nor did he want to do anything that would draw attention to himself, particularly to his erection. The sound of a few chuckles could be heard.

"Well, yes, William, I do appreciate your enthusiasm at seeing little Miss Clorette's anus. Are you particularly interested in girl's anuses?"

This was precisely why he shouldn't have said anything. The chuckling got a bit louder.

"No sir, I mean, well, they're okay, I guess." He really didn't know what to say, and his rather feeble answer drew even some open laughter.

Clorette, though, took no pleasure in the attention being shifted to Billy, or even that he was now being embarrassed. It was, after all, her butt hole that was the focus of his comments and, apparently, deep interest.

"Yes, well, don't let it trouble you, William. A cute girl's little puckered rosebud can be a delight to the eye." He turned his attention back to Clorette. "Please, Clorette, yes, open yourself up for the class. Spread yourself open so that everyone can see your pretty pink flower."

Yes, she realized that it could indeed get worse as she reached back, grabbed hold of her cheeks, and opened up her bottom for everyone to see deep down inside. Actually, it wasn't particularly deep as she did have a rather small tush. But, that was hardly the point. She felt like she could feel the heat of the boys', and the girls', gawking eyes, although it was probably just from the lamps, now getting full access to the sensitive nerves of her anus. Still, she could not even imagine ever doing this for a boyfriend, let alone for an entire class of boys, and girls, opening up her bottom cheeks to let everyone take a good look.

"Oh yes, it is indeed a very pretty one, isn't it, class."

Nobody said anything, not being sure if it was just a rhetorical question. Mr. Peters turned toward them. "Is it so pretty it left you speechless?" He turned to Billy in particular. "What do you think, William? Is it as pretty as you imagined it would be?"

He really, really wished he had kept his mouth shut. There was really no right answer to that question, or at least none that wouldn't embarrass him further. "Yea, sure, it's, um, it's a real good one." He tried to pretend like he had seen lots of them. "Really, one of the best I've seen." It didn't work. His remark was again met with giggles, some of the girls wondering if he had a collection of girls' anus pictures.

Mr. Peters could see that William was a bit embarrassed at the attention. It was not his interest to discipline William. He was, after all, not the one with his pants down, at least not yet. He tried to help him out of his predicament. "Well, yes, William, I must agree. I have as well seen quite a few and indeed," turning back to Clorette, "I think it's a really very cute one."

He spoke directly to Clorette. "Have you ever taken a boy up your butt, Clorette?"

She instantly let go of her cheeks, as if she was thinking he was about to try to do just that. She said quite assertively, "Oh my goodness, no, Mr. Peters!" She did not, though, turn her head back to face him. She didn't want anyone to see how red her face was, nor did she want to look any of the boys in the eye, if perhaps she could in fact see their eyes through the glare of the spotlights blazing into her exposed anus.

"Oh my, well, that's a shame. I think a young gentleman would really appreciate the opportunity." Mr. Peters turned back to Billy. "I imagine our young Mr. Thompson would like a go at it." There was again some laughter. Mr. Peters just couldn't help himself.

Sandy had taken the opportunity of everyone being so completely mesmerized by the sight of Clorette spreading open her cheeks to more openly massage, ply, and rub Mr. Stratton's erection through his slacks. He did not object nor resist. Not too many professors would object to a young, attractive coed playing with his cock in the dark, particularly while he was gazing upon the very sexy sight of another pretty girl spreading open her cheeks. He did though glance to his side to see if Miss Pepperidge was at all suspicious. As soon as he turned to look, she quickly glanced away.

Miss Pepperidge was herself feeling quite confused. On the one hand, she did feel sorry for Clorette. She could see that the girl was embarrassed at having to display herself like that. On the other hand, she was feeling very terribly warm between her thighs.

It was no accident that she was interested in the methods of the New School, as she was not entirely inexperienced with respect to the art, and play, of spanking, although she had been quite deprived of its fun over the past few years.

Actually, only one prior boyfriend had ever shared her interest: Larry Kroger. They had not been together long. He had been given an offer from Wellesley he could not refuse. But their brief fling may have provided the best sex she had ever experienced, and the memory of that wonderful albeit abbreviated time with Larry was flooding back into a visceral memory as she had watched Clorette get her paddling. She was in fact even feeling a bit jealous of Clorette. She recalled when Larry one time even spanked her in public, at a shopping mall. They were sitting on a couch in one of the rest areas and he suddenly just pulled her over his lap, flipped up her skirt, and started paddling her. They had talked about doing that many times, and apparently he finally found the courage. She gladly went along with it, flaying her legs and protesting loudly about how embarrassing it was for everyone to see her panties and how terrible it was to spank her like that, all the time enjoying the fact that everyone could indeed see her sheer pink panties. Frankly, if she had known he was going to do that she wouldn't have worn any panties at all! They had such heated sex when they got back to their car.

Miss Pepperidge let out a deep sigh as she recalled the past romance, causing Mr. Stratton to look her way. When he turned to her she quickly turned her face away, worried that he would see the flushed, aroused expression on her face. Thank goodness the room was dark.

Sandy whispered, "Would you like to see Clorette's panties, Mr. Stratton?"

"What?" He looked down to see the girl who had been fondling his penis holding up Clorette's panties. They had finally made their way that far down the column of desks.

It was a very pretty sight. Sandy was in fact quite attractive. She had large round pretty eyes, with very nice lashes, long curly red hair, freckles, round cheeks, and a very sparkling smile. The fact that she was holding up a pair of white panties for him to inspect might have biased his judgment though. In fact, she held the panties so that they were draped over and hiding her right hand, which she had now turned toward him and was fully squeezing and fondling his cock through his slacks, the activity though hidden by the panty curtain.

"No, no, that's fine," Mr. Stratton replied, his voice a bit breathless. Actually, he would really like to see them, to feel them. But, it would be a bit awkward to be inspecting, admiring, a young lady's panties with Miss Pepperidge standing right next to him. He would have to think that she would find that to be rather inappropriate. Plus, he kind of liked where they were right now, hiding his cock, and Sandy's hand, from view.

"Are you sure, Mr. Stratton," Sandy pursued, giving him a very sweet, innocent smile as well as a firm squeeze, along with a subtle stroking, while still circling her thumb around and around the rounded tip of his knob. "They really are very nice panties."

"No, no, that's fine." Her thumb felt so good caressing his swollen bulb. He turned to Miss Pepperidge. "Would you like to see Clorette's panties?" His face reddened as soon as the words left his mouth. It was an appropriate question, at least at the moment, but it did feel rather awkward to be speaking to Miss Pepperidge about a girl's panties, even asking her if she wanted to look at them.

Miss Pepperidge just shook her head. She could use something to dab her brow, but Clorette's panties would not really be appropriate for that. And, in any case, she felt quite uncomfortable about taking a pair of girl's panties from her colleague, Mr. Stratton.

He turned back to Sandy and whispered, "Just pass them on."

Sandy smiled back and whispered, even more softly as she gave him a very big squeeze, "Mine are in fact much prettier." She let go of his penis and turned to pass Clorette's panties to the girl sitting to the left of her.

Mr. Stratton's clipboard effectively blocked the view of Miss Pepperidge and there were no students behind Sandy. The only student who could actually see Mr. Stratton, or more accurately his stiff dick, was the girl sitting just to the left of Sandy. Her attention was fully on Clorette in the front of the class but once Sandy turned to hand her Clorette's panties, she did look in the direction of Mr. Stratton and he quickly shifted the clipboard so that it fully covered him. He couldn't leave it there long without it looking rather awkward, but she didn't look in his direction for long. Once she returned her attention back to the front of the class, Mr. Stratton returned the clipboard to its original position, and Sandy could, once again, do pretty much whatever she wanted with the bulge in his pants, as long as the girl didn't look over again. Sandy smiled mischievously.

Mr. Peters said, "Now, let's explore some other positions for disciplinary spanking. Clorette, you can stand up now."

She was very grateful for that, as her skirt fell back over her bottom. But, it wouldn't be there for long.

Mr. Peters continued his instruction. "Of course, you might not in fact have a desk for the girl to bend over. This is not really a disadvantage as there are quite a few positions that are more instructive and more revealing, that don't require a desk. Clorette, if you wouldn't mind, step back from the desk a couple of paces and place your hands on your knees."

Clorette did as she was told, backing up toward the class, and then bending over, placing her hands on her knees.

"This is, of course, a very traditional position. It's very useful in helping the young lady to develop self-discipline, as she is typically instructed to not remove her hands from her knees while she receives her spanking."

Mr. Peters flipped up Clorette's skirt, raising the curtain once again, her little pink moon coming back into view after its momentary eclipse. Just beneath it there was a little delicious slice of soft white pie, cut down the middle by the delicate slit.

Billy's eyes widened in delight, as Clorette or, more accurately, her personal private parts, were now just inches in front of his desk, in front of his eyes. He could in fact reach out and touch her bottom, if he wished, and he so wished very much. It was like when he was a little boy and there was a fresh batch of muffins, just out of the oven. He wanted so much to reach out and grasp, taste, that hot little red muffin and now there was an even tastier one just inches way. Maybe he could get a taste of that tart pie as well? But, as a young man he now had enough self-control to resist the temptation.

Smack!

"Yip!" Clorette squealed. She had known it was coming but she still wasn't ready for it. But she did keep her hands on her knees.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Her bottom wiggled and waved before Billy's eyes. It was like she was doing a little dance, personally for him. He reached down and shifted his hard cock. He knew that he might be noticed but it just had to be done. He even considered leaving his hand there, but he knew if he did that it would not be long before he came in his slacks.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Mr. Peters!" Clorette exclaimed.

He stopped. Again, he didn't really want to inflict any real pain. This spanking was, after all, for demonstration purposes only. As he explained, "That appears to be enough, for now. I just thought that the pinkness was wearing off there a bit." He patted Clorette's bottom with fatherly reassurance. "One does want to keep the bloom on the rose, and it is such a very pretty flower."

"And, I want to add," he said to the class, "notice how Clorette kept her hands on her knees. Never once did she try to reach back to protect herself, to cover or hide herself." He again patted her bottom, this time with more appreciation, and perhaps even some affection. "She is indeed a very good little girl."

Clorette instinctively looked back and up toward Mr. Peters and replied, "Thank-you, sir," perhaps forgetting for the moment that she was showing off her pussy and bum to the class. It was always so nice to be told that you were indeed a good little girl and, at the moment, his fatherly pats on her bottom did feel rather nice.

Mr. Peters rested his hand on the soft, warm, little bum and even gave it an endearing squeeze. Clorette had such a squeezably soft buns. If it wasn't for the class, he would spend more time enjoying this very tempting derriere. "Well, it's well deserved, dear." He returned to the matter at hand.

"Now, the hands on the knees is very traditional, but you can also have her reach down and touch her toes. Clorette, if you wouldn't mind."

Clorette did indeed mind, but how could she refuse, or even object, after he had been so complimentary? She wanted to continue to be a good girl and really couldn't disobey now. And, after all, he, as a professor, did know what was best. She bent over further, stretching herself out, to touch her toes.

A gasp could be heard sweeping through the class as Clorette's bottom stretched out and open, her cunnie rising up, peeking out, perhaps even protruding out from between her tightly clenched thighs. Billy slipped a book into his lap so that he could use his hand beneath it, surreptitiously touching, squeezing, stroking himself. He just had to do it, at least for a bit.

"This position is, as you can so readily see, much more revealing. Clorette's apple cheeks are spreading out on their own. You can see her pretty little anus winking and blinking."

It might not have been winking before, but his calling attention to it did cause Clorette to try to squeeze her sphincter shut, as if by doing so one couldn't actually see it. However, by squeezing and squirming she was only drawing more attention to it, making it wink and blink as Mr. Peters said.



byCharles Petersunn©

"And, well, my goodness, Clorette's cunnie is once again so boldly offered for our viewing delight." To emphasize that point Mr. Peters again lightly drew his fingers down along her slit.

Clorette lurched at the intruding touch, her hands instinctively reaching behind her, to protect her. She silently cursed herself for jerking away, as she knew how important it was to keep still, particularly for a demonstration tape. Her parents would certainly want her to do the best job possible, and she imagined they would be disappointed if they someday saw the tape and noticed how she had flinched. Well, actually, that might not be exactly how they would react. But, in any case, the touch of a professor's finger on her bare naked cunnie was still so surprising, so foreign, particularly when he was doing it in front of the whole class. Before Mr. Peters could scold her she quickly resumed her position and said, "I'm sorry, Mr. Peters. I won't do it again."

Mr. Peters though was very understanding. "This is a difficult position to hold. It's actually a bit hard on the back, is it not Clorette?"

"No, no, not at all, Mr. Peters." After messing up his demonstration she was not about to complain, but it was an awkward position, physically, as well as psychologically.

"What can help the young lady to maintain her posture is to grab hold of her ankles."

Clorette did as he suggested, having though to pull herself even farther over, her glasses slipping down to the edge of her nose, her bottom rising up and stretching open even further, her cunt being offered to the class like a doe in heat. She could not imagine presenting herself in a more obscene manner. Her face turned beet red, the blood rushing into her head for more reasons than one.

Billy licked his lips, and squeezed his cock beneath the book.

Mr. Peters resumed his caressing, his fondling, of Clorette's cunnie lips. "It's really very important during this stage of a disciplinary session to provide the girl some enjoyment, some satisfaction, some pleasure. We must remember the three components of the New School method: pain, embarrassment, and pleasure." He softly fondled and caressed Clorette's cunnie.

Clorette, and Miss Pepperidge, gave out soft whimpers. Miss Pepperidge though quickly followed her whimper with a cough as Mr. Stratton briefly glanced to his left at the sound. She blushed at the realization that, for a moment, she had revealed her rising arousal at the sight of the girl being fingered in front of the class, imagining that it might in fact be herself, being so wantonly displayed before a student body.

"Now boys," Mr. Peters lectured, "when handling a girl's cunnie, you want to be gentle, yet stimulating. You don't want to start off groping and mauling. You should begin with a more sensual fondling and caressing." To demonstrate his point, he worked his fingers around and around Clorette's mound, softly, gently feeling, caressing, and occasionally squeezing. "Unless, of course," he said to Clorette, "You like it rough from the start."

"No sir," she squeaked.

Clorette was not a virgin. She did not currently have a boyfriend, but she was certainly sexually experienced, at least a bit. Of course, she had never done anything like this before, but she could tell that Mr. Peters did know how to caress a girl's cunnie. A part of her didn't really want to become excited. Certainly not in front of the entire class, not while being videotaped. This would certainly not be the part that she would want her parents to see. But, Mr. Peters' fingers did feel so nice, so soothing, so enticing, so arousing. And, becoming aroused was what she was supposed to do, wasn't it? That is what Mr. Peters wanted her to do, to let herself become excited. She tried to block out of her mind that she was so obscenely displaying herself to the entire class, and softly sighed as she felt Mr. Peters caress her cunnie.

The room was silent for awhile as Mr. Peters petted, fondled, squeezed, and massaged Clorette's cunnie.

Clorette imagined that they were alone, that it was just her and Mr. Peters, perhaps in his living room, her bottom raised up to a warm heat, not from camera lights, but from a romantic fire. His fingers did feel so very nice.

"Mr. Peters," Jesse asked, from deep in the class.

Mr. Peters didn't appreciate the interruption. "Yes, Jesse?" He tried to block the glare from the lights with his left hand to see the student through the darkness, all the while continuing the caressing, the fondling, of Clorette's soft, white, and now moistening pussy.

"Will this be on the test?"

He could not help but to show, with a deep sigh, his frustration. Why did students always ask that question? Well, the answer was obvious. They wanted to minimize what they had to study, but that was also acknowledging an interest in minimizing what one had to learn. He provided his pat answer. "Jesse, ideally, I want you to learn everything I say in class. Otherwise, I wouldn't have said it."

"Yes sir," he replied, sensing, correctly, Mr. Peters' frustration. He quickly wrote down that it's important to start off slowly, unless she liked it rough.

Hardly anyone, though, was taking notes. It was, after all, a math class. Somehow it did seem incongruous to include on a math test questions on spanking and sexual arousal. They knew it wouldn't be on the test, although some did write down the three components of the New School method.

Mr. Peters returned to the matter literally at hand. He was pleased to see that Clorette was not herself distracted by the boy's interruption.

"You can perhaps see Clorette's increasing arousal. It's not like, of course, the robust, full swelling you might see in the vagina of a female baboon."

Clorette's eyes opened wide. She wasn't expecting that comparison.

"But, I believe you can observe even here the moisture and perhaps some swelling. It's like a flower opening up, spreading open its wet lips to reveal, expose, its inviting, tempting, pollen."

The boys really couldn't see much swelling at all, but perhaps it was because they were so unfamiliar with the phenomenon, and they were sitting at a distance. They were though at least feeling their own swelling, as was Sandy feeling Mr. Stratton's. She was now taking full advantage of their privacy by very openly fondling, tickling, and sliding her fingers up and down his protruding shaft, at times giving the round bulb poking out at the end a nice big squeeze.

There was something quite fun about playing with a boy's hard penis right in the middle of a class. Playing with one through his pants was fun enough, but to do so in a public place, with people all around you, was even better. It was just so playful, so risky, so naughty. She wondered if she could in fact make him cum in his pants. That would be pretty cool, making a professor shoot off, filling up his boxers with cum, giving him a big stain. Just thinking about that made her giggle, which she quickly stifled as she certainly didn't want anyone looking over at her.

Mr. Stratton was, quite understandably, enjoying their private game even more than Sandy, well demonstrated by his swelling, jerking stiffness. He had not in fact ever experienced before a student playing with him through his pants, and certainly not in a public place. It was really very erotic to have to stand there, passively, acting as if nothing was happening, when in fact quite a bit was happening: his cock swelling further and further, his balls stirring and churning, cooking up their load of cum to eventually spew from his cock. This girl's fondly feminine fingers were so nice, so really very, very nice. He would just like to give into it, to let himself go all the way, but he also knew that at some point he would have to step back. It would feel so good to just let himself cum in his pants with Miss Pepperidge standing right next to him, her perfume wafting across his nostrils, while his dick jerked and spitted into his shorts, his eyes gazing upon Clorette's bouncing and prancing pretty little bottom as his orgasm swept through his body. But, once the lights were turned on, he would probably have a bit of difficulty explaining the big wet stain in the front of his slacks.

Mr. Peters continued. "Now, one never wants to neglect the girl's little button, her clitoris." Mr. Peters slid his fingers up farther to capture Clorette's clit. He began with just a little pinch to say hello.

"Oh!" Clorette softly exclaimed as she felt the fingers of the professor's hand tenderly pinch her clit.

He then proceeded to rub, massage, and squeeze Clorette's clit, sliding his fingers around and around as he gently but firmly caressed and pinched her nub.

Clorette's bottom began to openly squirm. She would prefer to keep her bottom still, but it was just an instinctual, natural reaction to her increasing arousal.

"Some boys will go immediately, straight to her vaginal opening, plunging a finger, perhaps even two, right up inside, paying no mind, no attention, to first getting her receptive, getting her sufficiently wet for insertion." He turned to the class. "How many of you boys have done that?" None raised their hands.

"How many girls have had boys do that?"

A few of them raised their hands. A few others knew that they should raise their hands, having certainly experienced an impatient and inconsiderate boy fingering their cunts, but they weren't about to admit that boys had in fact been fingering them.

Mr. Peters couldn't actually see well past the camera lights to count, but it was evident that the perception of the girls was quite different from the perception of the boys. He smiled. "Not terribly surprising to hear some disagreement between the sexes about that." A few girls laughed in appreciation.

Mr. Peters began to rapidly flicker his fingers back and forth across Clorette's clit. He wasn't too sure that Clorette would like that. Sexual stimulation can, of course, be very idiosyncratic.

But he was reassured by an increase in her squirming and moaning. It was as if she didn't even know or care that she was putting on such an obscene show for the class, bouncing and squirming her bottom around, waving her cunt at the boys as if she was begging them to come up and mount her.

"Well, I think that Clorette has received enough priming, don't you think?" It was like he was talking about starting a pump. "Of course, I really should ask the model." He turned to Clorette, "Would you like to be penetrated now, Clorette?"

She whispered, softly, "If you want to, sir. It would be, um, okay." She was indeed feeling very excited, but that was not easy to openly admit.

"Excellent," Mr. Peters replied. "Let's then see how easy it will be to get one of my fingers in there. I imagine the young Miss Clorette has not had too many penises up there before or," he added, turning toward her, "Am I mistaken in that regard little lady?"

That was a very embarrassing question to ask a girl, particularly in front of the entire class. But, was it really any more embarrassing than to be bent over in front of the class, your pussy posed for their amused interested as Mr. Peters began to finger you? "No, no sir," she softly replied, "I've really haven't had many at all in there."

"Well, I'm sure they'll be a lot more in the future, dear, with a pussy as pretty as this." He turned back to the class. "Don't you think so, William?"

Billy didn't mind answering that question. "Oh yes sir, I think it's really pretty." He even wondered if perhaps Mr. Peters might suggest that he give it a try. "I think a lot of guys would like to take a shot at it." The class laughed at that.

Clorette moaned at the thought of Billy mounting her. Mr. Peters really wouldn't suggest that, would he? In front of everybody? Anybody but Billy! Well, actually, nobody at all, she would hope, and certainly not Billy.

Mr. Peters chuckled. "Well, certainly William you would want to first insert your penis before, as you say, you 'took a shot at it.'"

"Yes sir," he softly replied, his face reddening at Mr. Peters' suggestion that he might cum too quickly, and at the laughter that accompanied his remark.

Clorette though was not laughing. The laughter might be at the expense of Billy, but she was not particularly happy that Billy was being asked his opinion as to the desirability of her pussy.

Mr. Peters turned his attention back to Clorette's cunnie. "Well, let's just see how tight it really is," and then proceeded to slowly insert his index finger up into Clorette's hole.

"Oh my, yes, this is indeed a very, very tight one," he observed as he slowly worked his finger up Clorette's cunt. "I don't really know how best to describe it, class. It's kind of like as if you're trying to squeeze your finger into a package of warm wet livers all crushed very, very tightly around your finger so that there really isn't any room, but you can get it in there if you keep wriggling, screwing, and pushing."

So many cocks in the room were now yearning for the opportunity to try to penetrate that ever so tight hole, as Clorette's face grew warmer and warmer, with both the penetrating feel of Mr. Peters' finger and the graphic and lewd manner in which he was describing her fingering.

"You know, if we had time, I think it would be useful for all of the boys to give it a try. Don't you think so, Clorette?"

Clorette clearly felt that would not be at all a good idea, but she also knew the answer that the professor desired. "Oh yes sir, um, um, unh," she groaned as she felt his finger push in deeper, "That would be a real good idea, but, um, uh, oh!" There was simply no way she could really agree to that, but her cunnie was now so hot, so on fire, so inflamed with desire, that perhaps she couldn't help but agree. Mr. Peters plunged his finger all the way inside.

"Mr. Peters," Clorette gasped.

"Yes, yes," Mr. Peters replied, "it would be a good learning experience. Perhaps the next time."

A few moans of disappointment could be heard, even from Clorette, but her moans were actually for a different reason, as Mr. Peters was now sliding his finger in and out of her cunnie. It wasn't long before the room was filled with the slurping and slushing sounds of her pussy, which quickly silenced the class. It wasn't clear if their silence was out of interest, wanting to be able to hear every little slurp; or embarrassment, like when one can hear the sound of someone having sex in a room next door and everyone gets quiet, not knowing what to say or to acknowledge.

"Mr. Peters, please, please," Clorette gasped, but the meaning, the intention, of her exclamations remained unclear. She could be pleading for him to take her all the way, as she was so terribly excited, or pleading for him to stop, as she was so terribly embarrassed. And, if you asked Clorette directly, she would frankly acknowledge that both feelings were there, equally strong. Her bottom again made instinctually driven twitches and jerks as Mr. Peters forcefully finger fucked her.

Mr. Stratton pushed his cock up closer to Sandy. There was really very little room to get any closer, as his bulge was now actually right up next to her face. If she turned her head she could actually give him a kiss. She considered doing so, as it was rather awkward to fondle him sideways. And, she probably could get away with it. Who would notice now? All eyes and ears were glued to Clorette's slushing slit and gyrating ass.

Miss Pepperidge certainly wouldn't notice. She squeezed her thighs together. She so very much enjoyed Clorette's current position with her long lost boyfriend, Larry: being fully bent over. It helped to press Larry's stiff hard cock up against her g-spot, as well as to get him so much farther down into her. It also allowed him access to her bottom for some stinging spanks as he drilled her cunt.

She so wished there were fingers that would go up her cunt as well. She even fostered the fantasy, very briefly, of somehow getting her fingers under her skirt, under her panties, and up into her cunt. She could, for example, tear a hole in the pocket of her skirt. But, that was obviously much too difficult, and imagine the embarrassment at getting caught in the effort. Imagine what Mr. Stratton would say if he caught her playing with herself! Actually, maybe he would even put his hand under her skirt and finger her cunt for her? The thought of him doing so made it even more difficult to resist touching herself. But, that wasn't really very realistic, or appropriate, was it? Mr. Stratton would in fact probably be appalled and shocked. Although, then, perhaps he might suggest that she receive a spanking, like Clorette! The thought of that aroused her even further. She squeezed harder with her thighs and softly, subtly rubbed them back and forth, hoping nobody would notice, although they would probably just think that she just had a terrible urge to pee.

"Oh my, oh my," Clorette gasped, feeling herself now very close to an orgasm. She violated Mr. Peters' instruction to maintain her hold of her ankles. She just couldn't help herself. She reached over instead to grab hold of his leg, wanting to grasp something higher up in his pants, but realizing that would be rather inappropriate.

Mr. Peters lurched a bit upon feeling his leg captured by the girl's hands. He considered telling the class that it felt like a dog in heat grabbing hold of your leg, but he didn't want to unduly embarrass the girl. "Alright then, let's get on to the final spanking demonstration," and he slipped his finger out of Clorette's cunt.

Billy could not help but notice a considerable amount of moisture spilling out of Clorette's cunt with the retreating finger.

"Oh no," whimpered Clorette. It was the part of her that didn't want him to stop, coupled with another part that definitely didn't want him to resume the spanking.

Mr. Peters helped Clorette stand back up, which didn't happen smoothly as she had been bent over for quite some time, plus she was feeling a bit squirmy in her aroused state. She pushed her glasses back on her nose, her head feeling a bit dizzy and faint.

"Pleasure is indeed one of the three components of the New School pedagogical disciplinary approach, but one must not neglect the two other components of pain and embarrassment."

Clorette felt like pointing out that, from her perspective, humiliation had not been neglected at any point in the process.

"Let us now turn to one of the most traditional positions for spanking: over the knee." Mr. Peters stepped behind his desk to bring out his chair, suitably appropriate of course for such a spanking as it lacked arm rests. He set it down so that it was facing the class.

Clorette sighed in frustration and concern. Being spanked over a professor's lap would feel rather demeaning, and certainly so in front of the whole class. Only little girls got turned over a man's lap to be spanked, and she was no longer a little girl, was she? Well, she was kind of little, at least in size and appearance, but certainly not in age. But, at least her bottom, and more importantly her cunnie, would no longer be facing the class. She would at least have that modesty.

Mr. Peters positioned the chair and said, "Alright then, William, why don't you come up here to provide the spanking."

"What!?" Clorette exclaimed. "Billy!? Billy's going to spank me?" She instinctively covered her rosy pink bottom with her hands.

At the moment Billy was carefully inspecting Clorette's panties with his left hand, while fondling his cock with his right. He quickly handed the panties over to the boy sitting to his left once he heard Mr. Peters, and as quickly jerked his hand away from his lap, spilling his book onto the floor. He was as surprised as Clorette, and did not immediately rise from his seat, largely because he knew that the front of his trousers would reveal a very embarrassing secret. He groped around on the floor to get the book back into its proper position for covering, hiding, his embarrassment.



"Oh yes. As I have said, the three components of New School discipline are pain, embarrassment, and pleasure. I believe it lends an additional spice to the experience to have a male peer of the female delinquent be involved and, besides, it is always good pedagogy to have members of a class become directly involved in the process of education. William, here, has been expressing considerable interest in our session today and I can't think of a more obvious choice for the final exercises. William, if you wouldn't mind, please take this seat facing the class."

Billy slowly extracted himself from his desk-chair, keeping the textbook closely pressed against his crotch. There was no particular reason for him to carry the book up with him, and certainly no innocent reason for keeping it pressed against him. But, better for persons to question its presence than to see the reason why. Once he extricated from his chair he quickly got into the empty desk chair.

For Billy, sitting in front of the class, facing the students, was a very different and jarring experience. He even felt a bit of sympathy for Clorette or, if asked, he would be able to articulate some of her feelings. He held the book in his lap with his right hand and used his left to try to cover his eyes from the glare of the spotlights. He so wished he had not signed the consent form to participate. Of course, he very much embraced the opportunity to spank and fondle Clorette. What boy would decline that offer? But, he certainly didn't want his hard-on to be obvious to the rest of the students. What boy would enjoy that?

"Now, young man," Mr. Peters intoned, "we won't be needing that math book, will we?" He reached over and pulled it from Billy's reluctant hands, both of which quickly took its place in his lap, continuing to attempt to hide his erection from view. Of course, this gesture only focused the attention of the students on what he wanted to hide, causing a titter among his classmates.

Mr. Peters then guided Clorette over to his lap.

This whole process had been so terribly embarrassing for Clorette, but it had now risen to an even higher level of humiliation. She was now standing demurely, submissively, before the adolescently annoying Billy, waiting to be draped over his lap to present her naked bottom for his close, personal inspection and then even for a bare bottom hand spanking. She doubted that she would ever be able to look him in the eyes again.

She at first resisted Mr. Peters' effort to have her take the obvious position. "Shouldn't he get his hands out of the way?" She hardly wanted to drape her naked cunnie over his hands. He was going to be allowed to spank her bottom, but she certainly wasn't going to let him feel her down there.

"Very good point, Clorette. You're being very observant and helpful."

She turned demurely to him and replied, "Thank you, sir."

As he helped Clorette get into position, he instructed, "Billy, give Clorette some room to lie down across your lap. You will need one hand to help keep her securely positioned and the other to spank her."

"Yes sir," Billy replied, removing his hands just as Clorette was bending over his thigh. For a brief moment his erection came fully into view. The girls again giggled, and Billy's face turned a deep red. There wasn't though a boy in the room who wasn't fully erect himself, and a number of them were now playing with themselves.

Many of the girls though were surprised at the sight, although many as well weren't entirely sure that they were seeing it accurately. It wasn't open for view very long, being quickly hidden by Clorette's thighs and bottom.

Clorette, though, just as quickly became aware of it, not by sight but by feel. Very clearly pressed against her left hip was Billy's stiff, erect, hard penis. Just when it seemed like her face was returning to its normal color, something would again happen to quickly turn it back to a beet red.

As she tried to get into a comfortable position on Billy's lap, trying to get safely secure yet somehow avoid his hard tool, Mr. Peters kept her psychologically uncomfortable by pulling up her skirt so that Billy could have a nice view and access to her naked tushy. "Have you ever spanked a girl before, William?"

That was a rather difficult question, not because the answer wasn't readily apparent but that it was unclear if he wanted to be honest. Well, at least he was being asked about his sexual inexperience. "No sir, no I haven't," he admitted.

This time there was no expression of surprise or derisive laughter. He was relieved by that, although perhaps he should not have been surprised. Spanking was not a common form of foreplay among Templeton students, at least those who had not yet been through a New School disciplinary intervention.

"Well, that's a little surprising, but it's always pleasing for an instructor to provide to his students new learning experiences. And, I'm sure you will enjoy this, as I imagine Clorette will as well, at least aspects of it." He affectionately patted Clorette's exposed red soft wiggly curved fanny. "I think this bottom likes the attention."

Clorette covered her face with her hands.

Mr. Peters smiled knowingly. "Perhaps the two of you can get together sometime later for some additional homework?"

Billy looked up at him and smiled broadly. "Oh yes sir, that would be a good idea!" A few of the boys and girls giggled at that, but Clorette shot a frightened glance back at Mr. Peters, or at least as best she could while draped over Billy's lap. It was not unusual for professors to assign homework buddies, but she really didn't want that assignment.

"Now, why don't you give your little girlfriend a few stingy spanks."

Clorette quickly retorted, "Mr. Peters, Billy is not my, yikes!" She squealed as the first spank smacked her on the bum.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Wait! Wait!" Clorette protested, wanting to get her relationship with Billy clarified, or more accurately the absence of a relationship. After all, this was all being recorded for forever and ever, and would be transmitted throughout the university system. But, the sound and feel of the spanking overshadowed her protests.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Oh my goodness! Oh my!" She kept yipping and squealing, all the time trying to steady herself with her hands on the floor or the legs of the chair, her legs flaying left and right, at times having to use a hand to push her glasses back on her nose. Billy's spanking wasn't quite as stingy as Mr. Peters', but it felt so much more intrusive and embarrassing.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Billy didn't help by pulling her tight against his stiff cock with his left hand as he rained down his spanks with his right. There was no part of him now that wanted to lose his erection. In fact, this exercise was really increasing dramatically his level of arousal, and he subtly yet clearly ground his erection against Clorette's hip as he paddled her naked bottom.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Miss Pepperidge was feeling terribly frustrated. At this point she would have gladly volunteered to lay across the boy's lap. Perhaps she could indeed reach under her skirt? She was literally at the back of the room. All eyes were now fixed toward the front of the class. Could she? Her heart was pounding, racing. She bent forward a bit to see if it was indeed possible, but she quickly pulled back. Her skirt would have to be raised pretty much all the way up, exposing her panties. She sighed deeply in frustrated arousal.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

The sight was arousing as well for Mr. Stratton, but more satisfying, as the feel of Sandy's fingers along his protruding cock were bringing him close to the edge. He really wasn't too far away from cumming. He wondered if perhaps he might be able to get away with reaching down, not for his cock but to be able to cop at least a little feel of this coed's perky soft breasts. Of course, that might be what gets them noticed, at least by Miss Pepperidge and, besides, perhaps the girl would be offended by that. Most importantly, though, it would probably be the straw that broke the camel's back, sending him over the edge to explode into his pants. In fact, just thinking about fondling the girl's breasts as she fondled his straining, yearning hard cock was getting him awfully, awfully close.

"That's probably enough in this position," Mr. Peters observed. "Let's now try the final position, with Clorette sitting over your lap in cow girl fashion, forward position."

Billy stopped his spanking, very reluctantly so, feeling that he was himself getting pretty close as well, although fully appreciating that it would not be good at all for him to have a wet stain when this was over. Imagine having that caught on camera? No, it was good that Mr. Peters stopped him.

Clorette was relieved that it was over. Her bottom now had a pretty good sting, and she imagined that it was, once again, a bright pink. It sure felt warm, perhaps even warmer than her face. However, she didn't understand what Mr. Peters meant by a cowgirl spanking, forward position. She crawled off Billy's lap, adjusted her glasses, and turned back toward him with a confused expression.

Mr. Peters understood. There was a lot of technical jargon in the pedagogical literature and one couldn't expect undergraduates to be fully familiar with all of the scientific terminology. "Clorette, in this position you sit on Billy's lap, facing him, like you're riding a pony."

Could this get any worse? At least when she was draped over Billy's lap she could avoid eye contact. Now she would be looking directly into his eyes, plus her legs would be spread open, plus she would be sitting right down on, against, his boner!

Well, apparently it wasn't embarrassing enough, as Mr. Peters added, "Let's get the skirt completely off for this one. The skirt often gets in the way in this position and so it's best to have it entirely removed and out of the way."

With one smooth move, before she could even offer a protest, Mr. Peters unclasped Clorette's skirt and let it fall to the floor. Clorette quickly covered her pussy with her hands, as Billy was now covering his hard-on. With both of them clasping their hands in front of themselves, Billy's intention in doing so was again quite apparent. They looked like a couple of frightened virgins on their wedding night.

Clorette's blouse did not have a tail, and so her bottom was fully exposed to the class once the skirt fell. It looked so cute, the round pink cheeks peaking out from beneath the white blouse. Mr. Peters could not help being impressed.

"Oh my, my, my. You really are a very lovely darling, Clorette." He turned to the students. "Isn't she class?" He turned back to Clorette. "Here, sweetie, turn around so that the students can see how pretty and attractive you really are."

Clorette's face blushed deeply as she slowly turned to face the students, keeping her hands firmly clasped on her cunnie to at least provide some modest protection. However, in doing so she may have actually looked all the more endearing and enticing, as it was clearly evident that she knew how provocative and erotic she appeared.

Mr. Peters observed as she slowly turned around, "Pretty pink cheeks on both sides, what could be more sweet and charming?"

Certainly all the boys felt that way, a few of them were now struggling over whether to let themselves cum in their briefs and boxers. So many wanted to do so.

Mr. Stratton wondered whether anywhere in the New School pedagogy there was a viable reason for having the girl remove her blouse and brassiere, as well as her skirt and panties. He would think that it could be quite useful and informative, at least for some purpose. He briefly considered raising his hand to inquire, or more accurately suggest, but then the hand of the girl would retreat. If it was a choice between the girl playing with his cock versus seeing Clorette's naked titties, he would choose having his yearning dick stroked and fondled. Still, this evening, he would be reviewing the New School manual for some clarification as to this point. Perhaps he could discuss this with Miss Pepperidge? He would certainly value, and enjoy, her input on the subject.

Once Clorette had made a full circle so that everyone saw every side, he instructed, "Alright then, Clorette, why don't you mount your pony, or should I really say, stallion, given the condition of our stout William."

It was Billy's turn to blush now. It was bad enough to have to expose himself, even for just a brief moment as Clorette sat down on his lap. It made it all the more difficult to have Mr. Peters acknowledge his predicament to the whole class.

However, Clorette was probably even more mortified by the comment of Mr. Peters. She did indeed look and felt like she was about to mount Billy's protruding erection, and she was not at all pleased with that. But, at least the class was now about over. She really shouldn't, couldn't, quit at this point. Her mother had said that being a good student wasn't just all fun and games, and at times you really had to take a deep breath and buckle down.

Billy's eyes widened in wonderment as Clorette widened her stance to position her legs on either side of him, spreading her thighs open to provide a very delightful, provocative, and inviting presentation of her precious cunnie. The presentation didn't last long, not much longer than his own exposure to the class, but it was a moment, a mental picture, that he would remember for quite some time: the very brief sight of a delightfully sweet cunnie pouch and precious slit, and then it became even better, as Clorette sat it right down on his lap.

Clorette cringed as she felt the stiffness in Billy's pants, and Mr. Peters made it even more difficult by pushing her, scrunching her, up closer and harder against Billy's hardness.

"You want to get in real close and tight, Clorette, right up against the saddle horn, to have the full beneficial effect of the pony ride." Mr. Peters considered suggesting that she hold onto the saddle horn, to ride him like a bronco while she got spanked. That was another very delightful and instructive variation on this position, but he didn't want to ask too much of her.

As Mr. Peters pressed Clorette up closer and tighter against Billy, she did obtain one minor advantage. She could avoid looking him in the eyes. However, with her arms wrapped tightly around him, his face became buried in her breasts, and to everyone in the class it looked like, and to Billy it felt like, she was giving him her most tightest, fullest, engaging, and even obscene hug, pressing not only his face into her little boobies but pressing as well her naked cunnie against the stiff shaft of his cock.

Clorette cringed with humiliation but quivered with arousal, as she felt the boy's stiffie pressing against her warm, wet cunnie lips.

Billy was, of course, delighted: his face buried in the bubbies of Clorette while his cock rubbed against her hot cunt.

Mr. Peters pointed out that, "When the student is sitting this way, you can also now again see her little curly rosebud peaking out from between her spread bottom cheeks."

A number of the students leaned forward or down to confirm his observation. It was really quite difficult for those toward the back of the room to see her puckered rose bud peeking out from between her cheeks, but those at the front were pleased to see that Mr. Peters was indeed correct.

Mr. Stratton could see very little standing all the way at the back of the room. He also leaned forward to try to get a better look, but it didn't help and in fact made him feel a bit self-conscious with Miss Pepperidge standing right next to him. He wasn't too sure how she would react to the fact that her male colleague was leaning forward to try to see a young female student's butt hole. However, this self-conscious realization was accompanied by the feel of Sandy's figures grasping hold of his zipper and quickly pulling it down, along with some coughing on her part to cover the tell-tale sound of a lowering zipper.

Mr. Stratton's eyes opened wide in shock. He was now somewhere between a rock and a hard place, feeling the young lady's hand enter his pants to search for his rock, his hard place, all the while feeling, or imagining, Miss Pepperidge's disapproving eyes on his back. He continued to lean awkwardly forward as the girl struggled to capture his cock.

It was really quite awkward for Sandy as well. She had reached into the pants of boys a few times in her young life, but this time she had to reach to the right with her right hand. It would have been easier to use her left hand but she felt that might be too easily noticed by Miss Pepperidge, standing so near behind her. She giggled though as she fumbled around in the professor's pants. It was clear that he was feeling rather nervous about this, and was himself struggling to keep from struggling as she tunneled and groped in his pants for his stiff dick.

Fortunately he was wearing boxers and she eventually got through the flap, grasped hold of his cock, and much to his surprise, extracted it from its den.

Sandy now had the professor's hard, stiff dick poking out of his pants right in the middle of class. Well, it wasn't actually in the middle of class. It was way at the back of the class and to the far right side. But, still, it was plenty darn risky for him to be sticking his cock out in public. If the girl to her left glanced over, she would quickly and easily see a big hard naked cock jutting out across Sandy's desk. That would probably be a bit surprising.

Sandy could feel her heart racing with excitement. She was even tempted to draw the attention of the girl, just to embarrass the professor and see what would happen. She could easily claim that she had nothing to do with it. She could pretend to be shocked and appalled herself. Who would really believe that she had pulled it out? Perhaps then the visiting professor would get a spanking. But, of course, if the cat did get out of the bag, or at least if the other girl noticed the cock out of the pants, she wouldn't be able to play with it anymore.

Sandy did feel that it was a pretty impressive sight. Mr. Stratton had a really good sized cock, although perhaps most professors were, on average, above average in size. After all, they are professors and everything.

In any case, with his cock outside of his pants it was tremendously easier to fondle and stroke, even with her right hand, a task which she now took to with considerable pleasure, and lust. She wrapped her fingers around the shaft and slid her fist up and down its length.

Mr. Stratton quickly stood back up straight as soon as his cock was pulled from his trousers. He certainly didn't want to do anything now that might draw the attention of Miss Pepperidge, or anyone else. Exposing your erection in a classroom, in front of college girls, and your professional colleague, Miss Mandy Pepperidge, would obviously be a rather serious violation of protocol, if not frankly illegal. Yes, yes, it was in fact illegal and a very serious crime at that. But, still, it was so very, very nice to have a pretty girl giving you a hand-job during class, sliding her soft feminine fingers up and down your naked stiffness. He basked in the pleasure of the young lady's soft, sensual fingers dancing along his naked, stiff shaft. He kept his clipboard in place to protect his dick from the eyes of Miss Pepperidge, as his own glazed over gazing upon the bottom of Clorette straddled across the boy's lap.

"William," Mr. Peters instructed, "commence again with the spanking of Clorette's bottom. It's admittedly a little awkward from this angle but you can in fact now use both hands, as I am sure that Clorette will hold on tight. I think you both will experience the tangible benefit of this position."


Billy basked in the bliss of his face buried in Clorette's little round soft boobs and began again his spanking, using, as instructed, both hands. It was actually more playful than disciplinary this time, as he alternated with each hand, first one cheek, then the other, but he still managed to administer a pretty good sting.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

And they both did immediately experience the pleasure of this new position. As Billy smacked Clorette's bottom, Clorette lurched forward, and with repeated smacks she twisted, turned, and jerked her bottom or, more importantly, rubbed, pressed, and ground her cunnie against, along, and into Billy's bulging cock. She was given him the lap dance of his life, a truly lustful, obscene grinding dry hump, or at least dry from his perspective. From her perspective it was quite wet, even juicy, as she had become so thoroughly aroused by the fingers of Mr. Peters. She was to the point of so much yearning for release that she naturally, instinctively, willingly, and wantonly took to the task of trying to bring herself off on Billy's bulge.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Billy, Billy, Billy," she found herself instinctively gasping as he continued to paddle her bottom and she continued to grind, lurch, and thrust against him, desperately trying to bring herself over the top, now actually appreciating the tingly, stinging sensations of her tush as she worked her cunt on his dick, rubbing her titties into his face, basking in the feel of the playful, biting bottom stings as she ground her clit against his hard, stiff dick.

The class was stunned and mesmerized. This was the sweet Clorette who was now acting like the most obscene stripper. No, even worse, like a porn star, openly humping this boy in the front of the class.

Simply the sight of half-naked little sweet Clorette dry humping the boy would have been enough to bring Mr. Stratton off, but even if he needed more encouragement, it was provided by Sandy, who lost most of her caution and restraint at the sight of Clorette's writhing bottom that she pulled Mr. Stratton's cock over to her mouth, and proceeded to lick and lap at his engorged red bulb as she pounded her fist up and down the thick shaft.

It was a rather awkward way to give a blow job; that is, a sideways blow job. She couldn't actually get the head into her mouth without breaking it or, more reasonably, without turning her head to the right. To do so, however, would be rather noticeable to the girl to the left and to Miss Pepperidge, who was hovering just above and behind her. So, she just licked and lapped at the shaft and bulb from the side, like it was some sort of a tasty popsicle treat that she wanted to enjoy for quite a long time.

Clorette had lost all awareness that she was humping this boy in front of the class. In her prurient reverie, the rest of the students were now out of sight and out of mind. She was fully lost and absorbed in her lust, her animal desire, her base fundamental need. It didn't even matter that it was on Billy's cock that she was humping herself. She just wanted to get off, and it was now so very, very close.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

She whispered lustfully into his ear, "Billy, Billy, just a bit more, smack me harder, please, harder, harder," as she ground her cunt against him and pressed an erect nipple against his lips.

Mr. Stratton was feeling weak in his legs. This exercise had to end soon if he was to avoid cumming. Perhaps though it would in fact be safe, even fine, to cum now. Wouldn't the girl naturally capture it in her hand? He felt his balls pull up against his pelvis.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

Billy was extremely close as well. A part of him didn't want to cum. In fact, a big part, as he knew he would suffer tremendous embarrassment by spilling himself in his pants, but an even bigger part, at least physically, wanted desperately to cum. And, even if he favored not cumming, it really wasn't his choice, not with the pretty Clorette humping and grinding her naked cunt against his cock, her nipple poking out through her brassiere, her blouse, and into his lips. He clamped his lips tightly against her erect nip and gladly yielded to her request, smacking her even harder.

Smack!! Smack!! Smack!! Smack!!

"Billy!" squealed Clorette, "That's it! Oh my gosh!" she gasped as she felt her orgasm overwhelm her, her fluids flushed from her slit.

It was too much for Miss Pepperidge as well, and she suddenly, instinctively, in shock at the sight of Clorette's orgasm, reached over and grasped Mr. Stratton's butt. The more appropriate gesture would be to grab his arm, or shoulder, or even hand, but somehow, for some reason, it seemed more natural to grab his ass.

And, with the sudden, shocking feel of Mandy Pepperidge grabbing his ass, on top of the sight of Clorette cumming and the feel of the other girl's nibbling lips and stroking fingers, Mr. Stratton as well felt a sudden surge within his loins signaling that he was at the point of no return. It was going to happen, and it was going to be big.

His cock gave a notable twitch, and a wave of lustful relief swept through his brain and his body as a big glob of cum suddenly spewed from his cock.

Unfortunately, Sandy was not expecting that. She was assuming that a grown man, a professor, would have excellent self-control. She didn't really think he would cum, or at least she hadn't prepared herself for that. She had never been particularly big though on order and organization. Her homework was often quite sloppy and careless. In any case, the cum shot from his twitching cock out across and over her desk, up into the air and across the aisle, and splatted onto the blouse of the girl sitting in the next aisle.

Fortunately the girl next door was so distracted by the sight of Clorette's spanking and orgasm that she didn't seem to notice the glob of cum landing on her.

Sandy, although not having been sufficiently prepared, was at least prompt to act once it started and she turned her head to quickly absorb the head of Mr. Stratton's cock into her mouth to receive the rest of his globs of cum. It was a risky move but she had to act fast and this appeared to be the only way, or at least the best way, to hide the evidence of his release.

And, besides, she liked the taste of a guy's cum, and this man clearly had rather large balls as he continued to gush and spew quite a bit of stuff, quickly filling up her mouth to the point that she might not in fact be able to hide the evidence.

With Clorette's cumming on his lap, or more accurately on his cock, Billy as well felt himself go over the edge of inevitability. His mind and body were overwhelmed by the tidal waves of relief and pleasure pulsating through him as his cock jerked and spit into his pants. It was a rather awkward sensation, feeling himself wet his pants with repeated gushes, squirts, and spurts, yet he also found it to be a tremendously wonderfully pleasingly enjoyable experience. He closed his eyes, stopped his spanking, absorbed as much of her breast as he could within his mouth, and grabbed hold tightly onto Clorette's soft, pink, warm bottom, pulling her cunt even tighter against him, as if he wanted to shoot his load deep up inside her.

Clorette pulled tighter against him as well, sinking his face deeper into her girlish breasts, softly whimpering, shivering, shuddering, and quivering in his arms, against his body.

A smile graced the face of Mr. Stratton as he felt himself spurt and squirt into the girl's mouth, her tongue still lapping away at the head of his cock, trying to both taste and clean him at the same time. He so much wanted to grab hold of her boobs as he felt his cock jerk, twitch, and spew, but he at least maintained that degree of self-control.

Miss Pepperidge had instantly let go of Mr. Stratton's butt as soon as she had grabbed him, as she noticed how he suddenly jerked and lurched. She was embarrassed, and she kept her eyes trained on Clorette and Billy, not wanting to make eye contact with Mr. Stratton after having lost control like that and committing such an indiscretion. She hoped that she had not embarrassed him, or herself, too much. She would have some explaining to do after the class, and she did not look forward to that.

As her orgasm subsided, Clorette collapsed into Billy, gasping and panting in lustful satisfaction and relief. But, as the last weakening tides of her climax subsided, she came to realize what she had done and in front of whom she had done it. It also didn't help that the room was now strangely quiet. The spanking had stopped with Billy's orgasm, and the room was completely silent. She fought the urge, the impulse, to look back to see the expressions on the students' faces. Were they smiling, were they shocked, were they appalled and disgusted? Even if she looked back she wouldn't be able to see them through the glaring lights, but she couldn't help but wonder. She then felt the wetness against her pussy. 'Oh no!' she realized, she had wet herself in her orgasm! She did not always do that, but sometimes she did release quite a bit of moisture, perhaps even a squirt or two, and now she had in fact soiled the front of Billy's pants.

Rnnnnnnnnnnngggggg!

The bell rang for the end of the class.

"Alright then, students, remember, review your notes. We can go over any questions you may have the next class."

Billy and Clorette could not be happier. They would be able to extricate themselves from their tight embrace without having to reveal their wetness to the rest of the class. They sat there awkwardly as the students, almost as self-consciously, slowly and quietly filtered from the class, the boys hiding their bulges or wet spots, whichever applied, and in some cases both.

Sandy quickly wiped her lips. She turned to Mr. Stratton as she rose from her desk and said, "Ith wth good meathgsing yooth, Mthet Chshrtn." Her mouth was so full of his sticky, sloppy cum that she really could not articulate well.

Mr. Stratton's face turned beet red and he quickly slammed his clipboard against his exposed wet, slackening cock. He glanced over at Miss Pepperidge who, for some reason, also appeared to be a bit self-conscious, looking off to the side, away from him. He took the opportunity to quickly slip his dick back into his pants and get his zipper back up. Few persons were in fact making much eye contact, and so he was able to recover without anyone noticing, although Mr. Peters did appear to be smiling knowingly from the front of the room.

The last student self-consciously handed Clorette's panties to Mr. Peters as he left the room.

Mr. Peters handed them over to Clorette, who gratefully retrieved them, blushing once again at the thought that every boy in the class had gotten a very close look at them. But, still, she was quite happy about being able, finally, to put them back on.

However, when she slipped off Billy to slip them on, she noticed that at least one boy had done more than just look at them. Her panties were as wet as Billy's trousers.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I hope you enjoyed it! I very much enjoyed writing this one, and I hope it met the expectations of those who had been asking for another Mr. Peters story. Best wishes!


