
My Sister Is My Dom Pt.1 by Dirtywriter58
True Story, Female Domination, Incest, Oral Sex
Author's infos
Gender: N/A    Age: N/A    Location: N/A
Posted Fri 7th of October 2016
Report
Font size : - +

Introduction:
The Cabin On The Lake
My step-sister, Fiona, and I had known each other for several years before my divorced mom and her single dad got married. Our parents were good friends before they married so although we weren’t technically a family, we did many family type things together, especially summer vacations at Fiona’s dad’s cabin on the lake.

Fiona is three years older than I am, so she was never exactly thrilled to hang around with a younger kid during those pre-marriage outings, and once our parents did get married she avoided her little step-brother as much as I avoided my older step-sister. This is not to say we didn’t do things together, but we always sought out our own peer group when we could.

I was just starting high school when Fiona left for college. She rarely came home for visits, so we haven’t seen much of each other lately, but now she was coming for a long summer vacation. She’d just completed her third year in college and I had just graduated high school and turned eighteen-years-old.

Mom, dad, and I were already at the summer cabin when we heard Fiona pull her car into the pine-needle matted driveway. We rushed out to greet her with dad beating everyone to the car and opening the door. Fiona stepped out and hugged him tightly. “I’m glad to be home,” she said. “I’ve missed everyone so much.”

“We’re glad to see you too, honey,” Dad said. Then she hugged mom, who was almost in tears from joy. I stood back, waiting for the parental greetings to finish, and when mom finally let go of her, Fiona took a step toward me then suddenly stopped.

“Wow!” she exclaimed, “I was about to say ‘hello little bro’, but you’re not so little anymore.” She was right, when she had left for college I was barely the same height as she and very scrawny. Now, I towered over her five-foot-five frame and have put on quite a bit of muscle. “You’ve really grown,” she said while eyeing me with a suspiciously wry smile.

“You’ve changed too,” I said. Fiona was always a little heavy in high school, and being a rambunctious tomboy, never paid too much attention to her appearance. All that seems to have changed, she wore a halter top without a bra and I could see that her breasts were firm and her nipples protruded enough to be noticeable. Her arms were slim, shoulders softly rounded, and her waist was a perfect hourglass shape. She wore a pair of running shorts which showed she had a flat, taut abdomen and nicely shaped well-muscled legs. Her hips were slim and ass well-rounded. I thought, damn, my step-sister is hot; but out loud, I said, “You look good.”

We exchanged a cursory hug and all went inside. The afternoon and evening was spent reminiscing, catching up on new events, and eating dinner. I was eyeing Fiona the entire time, amazed at how good she looked. Every once in a while, she would catch me looking and grin back at me with the same devilish look she had given me earlier.

The next morning was spent packing the car. “Your mom and I have to return to work for the week,” dad informed us. “We’ll return on Saturday, so you two are alone here the entire week. Here are the rules.”

“Daddy,” Fiona whined, “I’m twenty-one. I don’t need rules to act like an adult.”

“Since you’re twenty-one, you’re in charge,” dad retorted.

“Now I have a problem,” I interjected. “I’m eighteen; I don’t need my sister to look after me.”

“Stop it, both of you,” dad said sternly. “Here are your rules. No parties. I don’t want a group of strange kids running around the place.”

“Out here, in the middle of nowhere. Maybe we could round up a group of antelope, but we’d never be able to round up enough people for a party,” I explained. Dad ignored me.

“No swimming, boating, or hiking alone. You look after each other.”

“Yes, daddy,” Fiona said appeasably.

“Yes, sir,” I said. We finished loading the car and they drove off while Fiona and I waved.

Fiona turned toward me as they drove out of sight. “Matt, let’s go swimming,” she said excitedly.

“Now?” I questioned.

“Yes, now,” she demanded. “Dad said we have to swim together, so go get your swimsuit on or I’ll call him and tell him you won’t abide by the rules.”

I shrugged my shoulders realizing this week is starting out to be a harrowing experience for me. We went inside, changed into our swimsuits, and I followed Fiona out to the lake. She wore a tiny fluorescent orange bikini. She could be seen a mile away against the backdrop of browns and greens in the woods surrounding the lake. I watched her ass wiggle as we walked to the end of the floating deck. It appeared incredibly firm and there was a definite rocking action as she swayed. I was beginning to get aroused.

I tossed my towel to the deck and went to the edge to dive in the lake. Just as I was about to dive in, Fiona grabbed my baggy swimsuit and pulled it down to my ankles. I was shocked and stopped myself mid-dive to turn and see what she was doing, but as I had already committed to the dive, I fell sideways into the water. Fiona jumped in right after me and finished removing my shorts before I even had a chance to recover from the plunge.

“What the hell are you doing, Fi?” I shouted after getting my head back above the water.

She twirled my swimsuit above her head and tossed it onto the deck. “I wanted to see what you looked like without clothes,” she answered.

I splashed water at her and said, “You’ve seen me naked before.”

“Yes, but you’ve gotten bigger since then, a lot bigger.”

“Well, I hope you got a good eyeful,” I said sarcastically.

“I got a peek. I’ll get an eyeful when you get out of the water.”

“I’m not getting out of the water while you’re here.”

“You heard what dad said, no swimming alone. If you’re in the water, I’m here with you,” she admonished.

“So I’m naked while you’re fully clothed.”

“In this tiny swimsuit, you’ve already seen just about all of me.”

“Not the same,” I complained.

“Alright, here,” Fiona replied. I watched closely as she took off her bikini top. She raised her arms above her head to toss the bra onto the dock and that made her tits stand out. They were gorgeous, absolutely perfect, with a smooth peaked shape and pencil-eraser sized nipples that stood proud and hard from the cool lake water. “Are you happy now?” she asked.

“No,” I lamented, “you still have your bottoms on.”

“You don’t get to see my cute ass, at least not yet; maybe later.”

“Then let me get a look at your tits.” I swam over and put my hands on her waist to raise her out of the water and expose her breasts. As I lifted her up, she reached under the water and cupped my genitals in her hand. I was startled at how aggressive she was acting so the expression on my face must have been hilarious because Fiona smiled widely and started giggling. I didn’t get much of a look at her tits because I immediately pushed her away so I was out of her reach.

“What’s the matter, are you shy, little bro?” She said tauntingly.

“What are you up to, Fi?”

“The water’s cold,” she said as she began to swim back toward me. “I wanted to make sure you weren’t getting a chill.”

“That’s it, swim time is over. There’s something wrong with you today.” I spun her around and pushed her toward the ladder. She swam to it, soundly kicking me between the legs as she started out. I groaned from the sharp pain and then watched as she climbed out onto the deck, her smooth, wet skin glistening in the sunlight as the water ran off her body. She wrapped the towel under her arms and around her torso, covering her chest before turning around to watch me get out of the water. I struggled up the ladder, my balls hurting from the kick and I was embarrassed that my sister was staring at my exposed genitals. I wrapped the towel around my waist and proceeded to the cabin.

“I’m taking a shower,” I called out as I went up the stairs. The lake water had been cold so I ran a hot shower, got in, and began shampooing my hair.

“Matt, do you need anything?” Fiona called to me from the hall.

“No, Fi, I’ve got everything I need,” I shouted while rinsing my hair.

“Are you sure?” Fiona asked, her voice no longer coming from the hall, but coming from within the bathroom. I moved my head out from under the running water and opened my eyes. Through the water-streaked glass shower door, I saw Fiona, naked, in the middle of the room. She looked magnificent, her slender build beautifully curved, her smooth skin unblemished, and her pussy shaved bare. She shook her head, tossing her sandy blonde hair from side to side. “How about me?” she asked.

“Fi, what’s gotten into you?”

“I’m horny,” she replied as she walked over and opened the shower door.

“I can see that,” I concluded.

“And I need a shower too. Dad said no going in the water alone.”

“He said no swimming alone.”

“Minor detail,” she said jokingly. “He meant we have to watch out for each other, so that’s what I’m doing. You wouldn’t want him to find out we weren’t looking out for each other.”

“What have they been teaching you at that college?”

She stepped into the shower and closed the door. “They taught me that since I’ve got the pussy, I make the rules.”

“So what have you been doing, sleeping with half the student body?”

“I’ve only slept with two people the whole time. I had a boyfriend for about six months and I slept with one of the professors a couple of times. My boyfriend was on the swim team and he was built like a granite mountain. The professor was older and had a small dick, but he had big ideas. I learned a lot from him.”

“Did you learn that it’s okay to come-on to your brother?”

“If I want to, yes; besides, I saw you leering at me yesterday. I know what you were thinking.”

“Thinking it is one thing, Fi, doing it is another.”

“Little bro, sit back, relax, and let it happen. I promise you’ll enjoy yourself.” She picked up the bar of soap and began to lather my genitals, slowly rubbing the bar over my cock, around my groin, and between my legs. I began to get an erection and she continued to soap me until I was fully erect. She handed me the soap and stroked my sudsy cock with one hand and massaged my groin with the other. “I have to start calling you big Matt. You’ve got the biggest dick I’ve ever handled. This is going to be fun.”

I began to soap her, starting at her neck and shoulders and moving down her chest to her breasts. Her skin was exceptionally smooth and her soft rounded shoulders enticing. I rubbed the bar across her breast until it was well lathered then passed it over to the other breast. With my free hand I massaged her previously lathered tit. It was amazingly firm and resilient to the touch. I moved my hand across her nipple. It was hard and erect, she murmured approvingly at the touch. I massaged the little protuberance between my fingers and she moaned softly.

I switched hands to massage her other breast and moved the soap bar down her abdomen and across her stomach. I soaped the curve of her waist, hips and ass, sliding the bar gently across her supple skin. I took my hand from her breast and massaged her sudsy ass. It was firm, well-rounded, and delightful. Although I was apprehensive to do so, I moved the soap across her mons region, over her pussy, then between her legs. She moaned softly and kept stroking my cock. We were both well lathered at this point; I replaced the soap in the soap dish and used my hands to spread the suds over her entire body. Her skin was silky, slippery, and enticing.

While continuing to stroke my dick, she cupped my scrotum in her hand and massaged my testicles. They still hurt a little from the earlier kick, but the massaging eased the pain. Then she closed her fingers around my scrotum and held my balls firmly in her hand. I stopped massaging her and readied myself not knowing what she was going to do next.

“See,” she explained, “I can make you do anything I want. All I have to do is squeeze a little,” she closed her hand around my balls and my leg muscles involuntarily tightened in response, “and you’ll do whatever I want, and if you don’t comply, I just squeeze harder until you do.” She squeezed harder and my balls began to hurt. I instinctively pressed my legs together, but to no avail, she had a firm grip on my manhood and knew exactly what she was doing. “If you still don’t do what I want, I’ll squeeze them until you can’t walk then tell dad I had to kick you in the nuts because you were trying to do something to me you shouldn’t have been doing.” She squeezed my balls with a vise-like grip, digging her fingers into my sac and wrapping them tightly around my testicles causing me to double over and my knees to go weak. I placed my hands on her shoulders to keep from collapsing on the floor. My balls hurt so much they felt like they were on fire.

“Okay, Fi, I get it. You’ll ruin me if I don’t do what you want. Please, let go of my nuts.”

She released her iron-fisted grip on my scrotum and gently supported my balls in her cupped hand. If she would have let them hang loose, I think I might have collapsed from the pain. “I’m sorry Bro, I didn’t want to hurt you, but I had to make you understand who’s in charge here,” she said as she tenderly massaged my aching balls. “Is that any better?”

“Yes, thank you,” I replied. It was at that point I knew I was in her complete control. She had me, I would do whatever she wanted and she could do to me whatever she desired.

Fiona’s massaging eased the pain in my scrotum and soon I was able to stand on my own. We rinsed the soap suds from each other then toweled each other dry. She led me into her bedroom; she had a queen sized bed, and roughly pushed me onto it. “Tell me the truth, Matt; haven’t you always wanted to know what my pussy tastes like?”

I could have lied, but what would have been the point. The truth was I had always wanted to know what her pussy tasted like. Even when we weren’t getting along I fantasized about her pussy. “Yes,” I answered, “I’ve always wanted to taste your pussy, Fi.”

“Then if you ask me nicely, I may let you find out.”

“Fi,” I asked, “will you let me lick your pussy?”

“Yes,” she said and hopped onto the bed. I caught a whiff of her extraordinary scent as she passed her leg over my nostrils to straddle my face. Her pussy was magnificent, shaved smooth with just a bit of pink inner labia protruding from the cleft. She lowered herself until her inner labia just grazed my lips. I flicked my tongue across them. They were soft, moist, and sweet. She spread her legs wider; her pussy lips parted exposing the entirety of her inner labia dangling just above my lips. I inhaled her sweet musky aroma, it was intoxicating and I ran my tongue between her pussy lips, from her perineum to her clit. She flinched from the sensation. I pursed my lips around one of her inner labia and gently sucked it into my mouth, massaging it between my lips.

“Ohhh,” Fiona moaned and wiggled her hips. I pushed my tongue into her vaginal opening and pussy juice ran out. It was slick and sweet with a slight hint of cinnamon. I circled my tongue around then thrust it in further. Fiona moaned, spread her knees, and pressed her pussy onto my mouth. I rubbed my tongue on the upper wall of her vagina and contacted her G-spot. She gasped and I felt every muscle in her legs contract. I continued to work my tongue on the spot.

“Oh, fuck that’s good,” she said. “You’re making my pussy melt.” Her kegel muscles began to spasmodically contract around my tongue. Pussy juice flowed into my mouth and ran down my chin. I pressed my tongue against her G-spot as hard as I could. “Oh god, you’re making me cum. I want that huge cock of yours inside me, Bro.”

She lifted herself off my face, moved down, and straddled my waist. I positioned my cock at her vaginal entrance and she lowered herself onto my stiff shaft, her wet, slippery pussy lips parted as the head of my cock slipped inside. She gasped, “Oh my god, you’re huge.” Then she leaned forward, pinning my arms to the mattress and kissed me passionately, thrusting her tongue deep inside my mouth. I sucked on it as she slowly lowered herself onto my dick, the walls of her vagina expanding as my cock slid ever deeper inside. She moaned at the intrusion and continued to press herself onto me until the end of my cock contacted her cervix. Pussy juice squished out around my dick as my shaft filled the entirety of her pussy. She groaned loudly and began to buck up and down on me, slowly at first, then increasing speed and intensity until she was crashing down on me. I thrust up as she bucked down on me, slamming our pubic regions together in unison. “Oh, fuck me, Matt, fuck me,” she cried out.

I began to feel the urge to cum. It began deep in my prostate and radiated throughout my groin. We continued crashing onto each other until the urge overwhelmed me. I thrust up inside her and ejaculated with an intensity I had never felt before. I could feel the semen splatter inside her vagina and I suspected she felt it too because she screamed as I came. She crashed down onto my cock again and I came with nearly the same ferocity as the first time, my cum again spraying inside her and she screaming at the sensation. We continued banging each other, her rolling her hips and slamming her vulva onto me and me thrusting up, plunging into her as deeply as I could. A mixture of my semen and her pussy juice leaked out and collected at the base of my cock.

We continued until exhaustion. I ran out of cum and she out of energy. She laid her head on my chest and collapsed on top of me. “That was the best sex I’ve ever had, Matt,” she said between gasps for air. “Aren’t you glad I talked you into it?”

“Sure,” I replied weakly. “You talked me into it.”

“This is going to be the best summer vacation ever,” she gleefully stated, and then closed her eyes and fell asleep. I soon followed.





My Sister Is My Dom Pt.2 by Dirtywriter58
True Story, Blowjob, Female Domination, Incest
Author's infos
Gender: N/A    Age: N/A    Location: N/A
Posted Fri 7th of October 2016
Report
Font size : - +

Introduction:
Time Alone
It was almost dark by the time we woke up, Fiona still laying on top of me. “I’m hungry,” she said. “Will you fix us something to eat? Then we can watch movies downstairs all night long.”

“Sure, Fi, I think there’s stuff to make sandwiches.”

“Thanks, Bro. I’m going to cleanup and put PJ’s on.” We climbed out of bed, I went to my room to put a pair of boxers on, and then I went downstairs and fixed fruit and sandwiches for us.

When I brought the tray of food out to the living room, Fiona was already there wearing an oversized tee shirt that hung to just below her ass and she was rummaging through the collection of DVD’s. “What do you want to watch, Matt? Action, romance, comedy?”

I put the tray on the coffee table. “Comedy would be fine,” I answered as I took a sandwich and began eating. Fiona put in a disc, took her sandwich, and we ate while watching the movie.

Just about the time we finished eating, Fiona’s phone rang. It was Mom. Fiona answered it, “Hi, Mom,”

I could hear Mom on the other end. “Hi dear, How’s everything?”

“Everything is fine,” Fiona answered.

“Is Matt taking good care of you?”

Fiona looked at me with her devilish grin. “Yes, Mom, Matt’s taking very good care of me.”

“That’s nice, you two are getting along. What are you doing?”

“We’re sitting in the living room watching porn.”

“There’s no porn at the cabin.” Mom admonished.

“I’m just kidding, Mom. We’re watching a movie.”

“Have you eaten?”

“Yes, Matt fixed fruit and sandwiches. We’re not starving.”

“Then I’ll let you two get back to your movie. Love you, bye.”

“Bye, Mom.” Fiona hung up the phone.

“You’d better be careful what you say to Mom, she’s pretty sharp. We don’t want her catching on about anything.”

“Stop worrying, little bro,” Fiona said cavalierly. “Mom’s not going to find out we’ve been fucking our brains out up here.” She stretched out on the couch and put her head in my lap and a hand up my boxers. Yesterday that would have freaked me out and sent me running to my room. Today, I welcomed and expected it.

I pulled Fi’s tee shirt up over her hip and rested my hand on her magnificent butt. She wasn’t wearing panties. We watched the movie and slept the night on the couch, Fiona with her hand up my shorts rubbing my cock, and me with my hand massaging her ass.

* * *

We awoke late the next morning, the sun was already high in the sky and the dew had burned off the leaves on the bushes. Fiona jumped to her feet. “Let’s have some breakfast and then go out in the boat,” she announced.

“Sure,” I blearily responded. I didn’t have much choice in the matter. This was her vacation, so we go by her rules, and we fulfill her desires. We had coffee and cereal, and then dressed to go out on the lake.

I dragged the boat to the waters edge and then alongside the floating deck. Fiona came down the deck with towels and a cooler full of cold drinks. She wore a tiny pair of red shorts with a white stripe on each hip and a white bikini swimsuit top. She looked particularly enticing in the morning sun. I helped her into the boat, and then got in myself. We pushed away from the deck and I began to row. “Where to?” I questioned.

“Anywhere out on the lake. I just want fresh air, sun, and to relax.” I rowed straight out to the middle of the lake while Fiona stretched out in the back of the boat, eyeing me as I worked. After a short while, that suspicious wry grin came across her face.

“What?” I asked.

“You’re bulging,” she replied.

“I’ve been working out.”

“I can see that,” she said. “Your shoulders are wide and your biceps are flexing, but that’s not what I’m talking about.” She stretched her leg toward me and put her foot in my crotch. “I’m talking about here.” Then she began rubbing me through my shorts with her foot. My dick started to become hard as her cute little foot worked over my groin.

“Fi,” I said, “you’re making it hard to row this boat.”

“That was my intention, to make it hard.”

“Well, you’ve succeeded,” I said. By this time my growing erection was beginning to bind in my shorts. I squirmed around in the seat trying to readjust everything into a more comfortable position while still rowing the boat.

“Oh, little bro, are you having trouble there?” she asked while still continuing to rub her foot on my crotch.

“Yes, thanks to you. You’re making it very difficult to row.” She removed her foot and knelt between my legs. Then she unfastened my shorts and pulled my fully erect cock out from the confines of my clothing. She fondled me for a moment, then leaned in and put her lips around my glans, the soft, moist sensation sending a shiver throughout my body.

“Fi, we’re in the middle of the lake. Somebody might see what you’re doing.”

She stopped sucking my cock. “I’m below the edge of the boat, nobody will see. They’d have to be standing on the roof with binoculars to see anything.” She put her lips back around the head of my dick and proceeded to run her tongue over my glans.

I looked at the houses around the lake and didn’t see anyone who could be watching, but I was still apprehensive. My anxiety quickly faded as Fiona worked on my dick, the head of my cock quickly becoming numb from the intense stimulation. Fiona began to slide her lips down my shaft, still working her tongue over and around the glans. The rush of sensation made it difficult to row. She slid the entirety of my cock into her mouth and gagged slightly as the tip contacted the back of her throat. Then she worked her tongue over the shaft and bobbed her head, pressing her lips around my girth as she slid up and down my length.

“Fi, you’re going to make me cum,” I said while trying to row and not blow my load at the same time.

She picked her head up off my cock. “No you don’t, I want you inside me when you cum. You’re going to fuck my brains out and cum in my pussy.”

“We can’t screw out here. Somebody will see that, even if they’re not standing on the roof.”

“Then go into the cove. Nobody can see us in there. You’re going to fuck me blind, Matt.” I rowed furiously toward the cove while Fiona went back to sucking my cock. I had to take my mind off what she was doing to me and concentrate on getting us to the cove before I exploded.

As soon as the boat cleared the entrance to the cove, I shipped the oars and removed my shorts. Fiona got up off her knees and removed the tiny shorts she was wearing. Momentum carried the boat into the cove. Fiona sat on the oarsman’s seat, leaned back, and supported herself by resting her elbows on the seat behind. She picked her legs up and spread them high in the air, parting her pussy lips and revealing her beautiful pink inner labia and glistening wet vaginal entrance.

I moved between her outstretched legs, positioned my cock at her corona, and supported myself by placing my hands on the seat behind. I drove into her in one long smooth plunge, her vaginal walls expanding as my cock invaded her body. She gasped and kicked her heels high into the air, straightening her knees and spreading her legs widely.

“Oh my god, Matt, your dick is amazing,” she said as she closed her eyes and leaned her head back. I plunged in as deeply as I could, the end of my dick contacting her cervix. “Ahhh,” she screamed as I hit bottom. I moved rapidly in and out of her slick pussy, plunging all the way inside, nearly knocking her off the seat with every thrust.

“Fuck me, Matt. Fuck me,” she encouraged as I worked. The boat carried to the opposite side of the cove and came to rest against the bank. I continued thrusting inside her, plunging in as deeply as I could, the boat rocking and splashing as I did.

“You’re making me cum, Matt. I’m cumming.” I felt her kegel muscles tighten around my shaft. It brought me to the edge and the urge to cum swept over me in a torrent. I exploded inside her pussy, ejaculating as I plunged deeply into her vagina. “Ahhh,” she screamed as we came together. Her pussy juice and my semen combined and squished out from her vagina as I continued to thrust deep inside her body. “Ahhh,” she screamed once more as I continued to cum inside her, releasing a huge load and draining my balls.

I was nearly out of energy and completely out of cum. I slowed my thrusting until I came to a stop with my dick inside her vagina and my groin resting against her vulva. She wrapped her legs around my hips and held me in place. Her legs were soft, but very strong, and it was a good thing, because I was so exhausted I would have slid off of her if she hadn’t held me with them. I leaned in and kissed her soft, sweet lips and we stayed in that position until I could muster up enough energy to climb off of her.

When I had recovered enough, I got off of her and collapsed into the bottom of the boat. “I can’t row back just yet,” I admitted as I lay in the bottom of the boat.

“That’s alright, Matt, you just lay there until you’ve rested. We have all day.” She put her clothes back on and helped me put on my shorts. Then she lay down in the bottom of the boat and held me until I had recovered enough to row back to the cabin.

* * *

The next three days were much like the last two. Fiona would pick the place and we would fuck until we dropped. We hiked into the woods with a blanket and fucked. We fucked on my bed, and we fucked on her bed. We fucked on the couch and on the living room floor. She was insatiable, not that I was complaining. She was an absolute glorious lay, with her tight body, perfect pussy, casual attitude, and willingness to do anything.

I didn’t know anyone could have it so good, and her being my step-sibling didn’t dissuade me from wanting her constantly, nor her from wanting me. It was like a fairytale without an end and we acted accordingly. It was too bad that at some point I knew it had to end.



My Sister Is My Dom Pt.3 by Dirtywriter58
True Story, Female Domination, Incest
Author's infos
Gender: N/A    Age: N/A    Location: N/A
Posted Fri 7th of October 2016
Report
Font size : - +

Introduction:
The Good Times Are Over
On Friday, I woke up in Fiona’s bed with her spooning me. It was a warm morning and we didn’t have a sheet covering us. She had one leg draped over me and her hand was in my crotch. I had a huge morning hard-on, but I also had to pee urgently so I slipped out of the bed as quietly as possible to go to the bathroom. Fiona woke anyway, but only opened one eye.

“Where are you going?” she inquired.

“To the bathroom, I really have to pee.”

“What time is it?”

“A little after ten,” I answered. She was asleep when I returned from the bathroom so I went downstairs and made coffee and breakfast. She came down after the aroma of the freshly brewed coffee had wafted upstairs.

“Why didn’t you come back to bed?” she asked. “I would like to have had sex before I got up.”

“I was hungry,” I answered. “Besides, my dick is getting sore. We’ve been going at it constantly.”

“My pussy’s sore too, but you don’t hear me complaining. Mom and Dad return tomorrow and who knows when we’ll get to screw again with them hanging around.”

“We’ll do it today, and tonight, and probably tomorrow morning before they arrive. Let’s just at least have breakfast first.”

“Alright, breakfast first, but then we go swimming. I want to feel the cool water on my skin. It’s getting hot already and it’s not even noon yet.” We finished breakfast and watched some television before Fiona grabbed me by the hand and pulled me toward the back door.

“Fi,” I said as I stumbled trying to regain my footing, “we don’t have our swimsuits on.” Fiona had on her oversized tee shirt and I just a pair of boxers.

“We don’t need suits, just towels to dry off with when we get out.” With her free hand, she grabbed the towels off the back of the couch where we had left them the day before. She dragged me and the towels to the deck then pulled off her tee shirt. As usual, she wasn’t wearing panties or a bra. She jumped into the water. I stepped out of my boxers and dove in after her.

The water was cool, but refreshing. I came up about ten feet from where Fiona was treading water and she immediately swam over to me. She put her arms around my neck, planted her lips on mine, and thrust her tongue into my mouth, kissing me passionately. I returned her kiss and sucked on her tongue as we both began to slowly sink below the water. We kissed underwater for a few moments before I gave a strong scissor kick to propel both of us back above the surface.

She stopped kissing me and looked in my eyes as I treaded water to keep the two of us afloat. “I want to fuck right now, in the water,” she said softly and provocatively. Our faces were mere inches apart and I looked deep into her hazel eyes as she held her arms around my neck.

“Of course,” I replied. I couldn’t refuse her. Not because she would make my life miserable with Mom and Dad if I did, but because when I looked into her eyes, I wanted to do whatever I could to please her, and she was doing the same for me. In the span of just a few days, we had made a special connection with each other we had never realized was possible.

I side-stroked and swam both of us to the floating deck where I could hold on and keep us from sinking. Fiona continued to hug my neck and locked her lips to mine again. She kicked to help propel us and every other stroke or so, her thigh would come up between my legs and nudge me in the groin. Her soft, smooth skin and firm muscles rubbed my inner thighs and pressed against my cock and scrotum as I kicked through the water. It sent a euphoric sensation through my groin and made me hard.

I grabbed onto the deck first with one hand, and then the other, placing Fiona between the deck and myself. She reached under the water with one hand, grabbed my now rock-hard dick, and rubbed the tip in her pussy crack. I felt her wetness on my glans as she slid it from vagina to clit, her labia enveloping the entire head of my dick. Although I was extremely horny, the contrast between the warmth of her pussy and coolness of the water kept me from cumming too soon.

She began using my cock to stimulate her clit, rubbing the glans across the tip, and then circling it around the base of the engorged little button. She stopped kissing me and moaned softly in my ear as she worked my cock on her clit. The combination of her firm grip on my shaft and the silky softness of her pussy on my glans made my groin tingle.

She arched her back and wrapped her legs around my waist, the buoyancy of the water making it easy for her to raise her legs. Then she placed my cock at the entrance of her vagina and drew my shaft inside her pussy by pulling me to her with her legs, her heels digging into the small of my back.

“Ohhh,” she moaned as my cock entered her pussy and filled her vagina. “Matt, I love your cock.” she whispered.

I thrust into her as she squeezed me with her legs and pressed herself onto my cock, the warmth of her pussy stimulating my dick. We bucked against each other in unison, her vulva slapping into my groin as my shaft rammed into her cervix. She groaned at every thrust, working her hips back and forth, her kegels massaging my cock. Splashes of water hit both of us in the face as our bodies crashed into each other sending plumes of water into the air. I felt my prostate fill with fluid as the urge to cum began to well up inside me.

Fiona wrapped her arms tightly around my neck. “Oh, I’m cumming, Matt,” she whispered in my ear as I felt her shudder. Then her entire body flexed as she drew me to her with her legs and held me in place. Her kegel muscles spasmed around my shaft and I came, my cock deep inside her pussy. “Ahhh,” she shouted when I came. I attempted to withdraw and plunge back into her, but she held me in place, her arms and legs wrapped around me like a steel band, not letting go. I ejaculated again and felt my semen fill her vagina. She squeezed me tighter, her entire vagina spasming as she came. I came over and over while she held me, her warm embrace comforting me in the cool lake water.

My orgasm ended and I stopped ejaculating. I was spent of not only semen but energy as well. Fiona had literally and figuratively drained me. She leaned back and looked into my eyes. “I’m exhausted,” I said.

“I’m not ready to let go of you, Matt. This feels too good.” She pressed her lips to mine, thrust her tongue deeply into my mouth and kissed me passionately. I was tired, but I returned the kiss and sucked on her tongue. We kissed for several minutes until my erection eventually began to fade. I went soft while still inside her and after a couple of minutes, my flaccid penis slipped out of her pussy. She smiled and giggled at the unusual sensation.

Fiona finally unwrapped herself from me and swam to the ladder. I swam after her and watched as she got out and stepped onto the deck, her amazing ass wiggling sensuously as she climbed. She threw me a towel and we dried ourselves off. “I’m chilled,” I said. “I’m taking a hot shower.”

“Me too,” Fiona said. We went into the cabin and I turned on the water for the shower. I stepped in and Fiona followed. We soaped and rinsed each other then I waited while Fiona washed her hair. When she was done rinsing, she stepped out of the shower and I worked on washing my hair. She gave her body a cursory toweling then put the towel on her head and began to dry her hair as she walked out the open bathroom door.

“Fi,” a female voice called. It was Mom’s voice. Fiona stopped dead in her tracks, pulled the towel from in front of her face and looked down the stairs. Mom was standing there about two-thirds of the way up the staircase. Realizing she was standing there naked, Fiona took the towel from her head and draped it in front of herself.

“Mom, you startled me,” she said shakily.

“I’m sorry dear. What are you doing?”

“Um, taking a shower.”

“Where’s Matt?”

“Um, I don’t know. I haven’t seen him. Somewhere around here I guess.”

“You left the shower on, dear,” Mom admonished.

“Oh, sorry,” Fiona replied, hustling back into the bathroom and shutting the door. Then she reached into the shower and turned off the water.

“Hey, what the hell are you doing, Fi. I’m not done yet,” I shouted.

Fiona put her finger to her lips. “Shhh, Mom’s right outside,” she said quietly.

“What’s she doing here?” I whispered.

“I don’t know,” Fiona said with dread in her voice.

“Who are you talking to in there, dear?” Mom asked from the hallway right outside the door.

“No one, Mom, I’m just trying to untangle my hair.”

“If you see Matt, tell him to go out and help Dad unload the car.”

“I will,” Fiona answered.

“Did she see us in here?” I asked quietly.

“I don’t think so,” Fiona answered.

“You think she suspects?” I asked.

“I don’t know,” Fiona said anxiously. We listened for a clue to what was going on and heard Mom go back down the stairs. We didn’t hear Dad at all.

“You go out and check. If no one’s around, wave me on and I’ll go to my room and pretend I was asleep,” I said quietly.

Fiona nodded and wrapped her towel under her arms and around her chest. She opened the bathroom door, stepped into the hallway, and looked around. She didn’t see Mom or Dad so she waved me on. I scurried past her and down the hall to my room.

I dried off and put shorts and a tee shirt on. Then I went downstairs to the kitchen. Mom was unpacking groceries. “Hi, Mom,” I said as I entered the kitchen.

“Where were you?” she asked.

“In my room, lying down,” I answered and gave her a peck on the cheek.

“Oh, I looked in, but I guess I didn’t see you there,” she said and rubbed my head as I walked away. “Your hair’s all wet, dear.”

“I was swimming earlier,” I said.

“You should dry off better. Go out and help your father unload the car. I don’t want him doing it all by himself.”

I went outside. “Where the hell have you been?” Dad barked. He was irritated about something.

“Upstairs, lying down,” I answered. “We didn’t expect you until tomorrow.” I tried to justify not being immediately available.

“We both managed to get off early so we stopped and bought groceries then made the drive up here. Traffic was murder before we made it out of town. Help me bring this stuff inside.” He handed me a large box full of groceries.

Either the traffic or the grocery bill had Dad upset, but at least it wasn’t Fiona or me, or what we’ve been doing the past five days. We were lucky they hadn’t arrived sooner and caught us fucking in the lake or showering together. I brought the rest of the groceries inside and Dad brought their suitcases in. Fiona was in the kitchen helping mom put the groceries away when Dad and I came in.

“This place is a mess. Why haven’t you two been cleaning up?”

“Sorry, Daddy,” Fiona tried to explain, “we went swimming after breakfast and hadn’t had a chance to straighten up yet.”

“There are wet towels and clothes strewn from the house to the deck.” Dad complained.

“We’ll pick those up as soon as we’ve cleaned the kitchen,” Fiona promised. Mom glared at us with a look that she knew why our clothing was strewn about, or maybe she was just mad that our lack of housekeeping was upsetting Dad. Either way, Fiona and I weren’t on anyone’s good side at the moment. We cleaned up the cabin and then hid in our rooms for the rest of the afternoon.

* * *

Mom called everyone for dinner late in the evening and we took our places at the dining room table. Even though he didn’t say very much, Dad seemed less irritated than he was earlier. Fiona and I had not seen each other all afternoon and she looked at me with a wry smirk as she sat diagonally across from me. I figured she was horny and not pleased that we weren’t going to be able to screw.

Mom brought out the last bowl of food for supper, sat down, and we began to eat dinner. “What did you two do all week?” Mom asked.

“Isn’t it obvious,” Dad chimed in. “They spent the week fucking around.”

I choked on a mouthful of mashed potatoes and coughed violently. “Are you alright, dear,” Mom inquired mindfully.

“I’m fine,” I answered between coughs. “The potatoes are hot.”

“Be careful, dear,” she admonished.

“This place is a shambles,” Dad complained. “You’ve left stuff scattered everywhere for your mother to pick up.”

“Sorry, Daddy,” Fiona whined, “We just went swimming and out in the boat. There’s not much else to do around here.” She put her foot up on my chair between my legs and began massaging my groin. I was too astonished to do anything, so I just continued eating and pretended nothing was happening.

“From now on, pick up after yourselves when you’re done fooling around. I don’t want to come back and have this place looking like someone had an all night orgy.”

I looked at Fiona in disbelief. By the way Dad was talking, if I hadn’t known better, I would have though he knew what we’d been doing. Fiona grinned at me devilishly and gave me a mild kick in the groin. I flinched, not expecting her to be so bold, and my knee hit the underside of the table causing everything to rattle.

“What the hell is wrong with you?” Dad shouted.

“Sorry, leg cramp from all the swimming,” I answered.

Mom looked suspiciously at Fiona and me. I got the impression she suspected something was going on. “Fi, leave your brother alone. You’re in college and soon Matt will be too. Act like adults,” she said sternly. “Oh, speaking of college, here’s your mail, Matt.” Mom reached to the sideboard behind her, picked up a stack of letters and handed them to me. “They’re from the colleges you’ve applied to.”

I opened the first one, looked at it, then read aloud, “Thank you for you application. We regret to inform you…” I put it down, opened the next one and read, “Many qualified applicants apply every year and we can regrettably only accept a limited number. We are sorry to….” I opened the third letter and it too was another rejection. I was depressed as I opened the last letter, figuring it would be more of the same. I scanned it quickly, and then read out loud, “We are pleased to welcome you to our university. You have met all our qualifications to matriculate this coming fall quarter.” Mom and Fiona cheered and I smiled widely, delighted and pleased that I had finally gotten an acceptance. Even Dad smiled.

“Congratulations, son, I’m proud of you,” he said. “What school is it?”

I was so excited by the acceptance, I had forgotten to look. I glanced at the letterhead and chuckled. “Fairfield University,” I announced. It was the same college Fiona attended.

Fiona smiled and squealed with delight. “My little bro is going to the same college that I go to. I’m so excited.” Mom showed very little reaction, with only a slight smile and shaking her head.

“Good, you can use some of Fi’s old textbooks and save me some money,” Dad said.

“Oh, Daddy, you know what would save a ton of money,” Fiona said excitedly. “Matt and I could share an apartment for about the same price as just one dorm room. I would look after him and we could share laundry, and food, and the car.”

“That’s not a bad idea,” Dad surmised. “I think that would work out well. I’m for it.”

“Yeah,” Fiona squealed.

“Jim,” Mom interjected, “I’m not so sure this is a good idea.”

“Of course it is. The two of them will help each other out and look after one another, just like they’ve been doing here,” Dad announced.

“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Mom lamented, then sighed and shook her head.

“Excuse me,” I interrupted, “no one has asked my opinion about this.”

“When you pay for your own apartment, food, and car, then you can have an opinion. Until then you’re going to stay with Fiona so she can look after you,” Dad commanded.

Fiona clapped her hands. “Goody,” she said with delight. Mom shook her head.

I didn’t say anything else. I was fucked. Fiona was going to use me all summer, and then continue to use me while we’re off at college. If I tried to object, Fiona or Mom would let slip about what we’ve been doing and all hell would break loose. I was going to spend the summer fucking my brains out with Fiona, then go to college in the fall and do the same. When this day began, I thought the good times were over, but now I think the party was just getting started.


