"Oh" Submission Town: A Mother Falls
bysilkstockingslover©

"Oh" Submission Town: A Mother Falls

Summary: Wholesome MILF gets pulled into submission by domme daughter.


Note 1: This is a Christmas 2012 Contest Story so please vote.

Note 2: The story is dedicated to Chuck who sent me the original idea for this story.

Note 3: Thanks to Mab7991 and LaRascasse for editing this work.

"Oh" Submission Town: A Mother Calls

Kimberly Martin was not used to it being so quiet in her house. As the wife of a Minister, she had a very full schedule that either had her out and about in the small community of Spring Creek, at home doing her many household chores, that her old fashioned husband referred to as woman's work, or at home fighting with her eighteen year old daughter, Cinthia, who had been a hellion for years, but who had become particularly worse since turning eighteen a few weeks ago.

Actually, the house was particularly quiet since Cinthia had stormed out of the house after another argument about her risqué fashion sense. She had come downstairs dressed in a plaid skirt so short the top of her white thigh high stockings were completely visible, with a white blouse that was so see-through Kimberly could see her daughter's black bra.

"You are not going out dressed like that," the forty-two year old mother said, as she stopped decorating the tree that she was suppose to be doing with her daughter and not alone.

"Like what?" Cinthia asked, acting as if such an outfit was perfectly normal.

"Like a harlot," the pretty, but conservative mom replied.

The eighteen year old daughter, who was the spitting image of her mom, laughed, "Really, Mother, harlot, can we at least get in the right century?"

"Don't use that tone with me young lady," a growingly frustrated Kimberly responded.

"What tone?" Cinthia shrugged, being sure to add tone to her question, before adding, as if her Mother had no say in the decision, "Tommy and I are going out."

"Not in that, not dressed like a...," the mother paused unsure what word to choose.

"Like a what, Mother?" Cinthia asked with a challenging glare.

"Like a slut," Kimberly finally blurted out.

"Are you calling me a slut?" the daughter questioned, the tension in the room growing instantly.

"No, my dear," the mother replied, her hair in a bun, hiding just how pretty she could be with her hair down, said, "It's just...."

"Now am I, a dear or a slut, Mother?" Cinthia snapped, her anger bubbling over.

Regretting her word choice, Kimberly tried to rephrase, "Please Cinthia. We have an image to uphold for your Father`s sake."

"Fuck Mom," Cinthia exploded, "Everything is about our image. I am sick of the facade we have to endure in this fucking God awful town."

The mother was shocked. Sure they had fought, more frequently as her only daughter got older, and since her only son, Ben had left for college, but Cinthia had never before swore in her presence and had never used the Lord's name in vain. The stunned mother's own anger exploded, "That is enough young lady. Do not swear in our house and don't you ever use the Lord's name in vain, is that clear?"

Cinthia's next words were poisonous. "Yes, for God fucking sakes, could you fucking imagine if people in the community knew that the Minister's daughter was some fucking cheap slut and that the Minster and his wife are in a sham of a fucking marriage? Holy shit, the fabric of our town would crumble right before our eyes, wouldn't it Mommy dearest?" As she finished a smile crossed her face as if she had some deep dark secret.

Before Kimberly knew what she was doing, she slapped her daughter in the face.

Instantly the mother was apologizing, "I-I-I am so sorry. I can't believe I just did that."

Instead of feeling offended, Cinthia seemed relieved. She smiled and said, "Well, good to know there is some emotion behind the pretentious perfection you exude in front of everyone."

"Cinthia, please let's talk like two mature women," the mother, near tears, pleaded.

"Ok, Mom. When was the last time dad fucked you?" Cinthia asked, smiling, knowing she had
long ago crossed the line.

"Cinthia!" Kimberly gasped at the shocking question.

"Mom, even though you try to hide it with your hair in a bun, conservative blouses, long skirts, dresses and no make-up. You are very beautiful. Stop hiding your sexuality, Mom. It is 2012, not 1955," Cinthia said, her tone no longer angry, but sincere.

Kimberly was weakened by the rare compliment of her looks, before she could respond she heard a car honking.

"That is Tommy," Cinthia said, leaning in and kissing her mom on the cheek, before adding, "I'll be home by midnight."

Cinthia started to leave and Kimberly tried to be the one in control. "Do not leave this house, young lady."

Cinthia stopped, turned around and said, "And what are you going to do to stop me?"

The words every parent dreads, the utter defiance and the moment when you know that you can't win.

"That's what I thought, Mommy," Cinthia said smiling, using the word 'Mommy' condescendingly. "Just like with Father, you are submissive. Now be a good Mommy and go finish putting up the tree and then clean my room." Patting her mother on the cheek, Cinthia turned and left through the front door.

Tears flooded her eyes as the defeated mother stood there devastated by the treatment of her daughter, the utter disrespect and at the accusation of her being submissive. After a moment, Kimberly moved robotically to the tree and continued the lonely job of putting up the family Christmas tree by herself.

As the mother did as she was expected, she wished her husband was home. There is no way Cinthia would have walked out of the house dressed like that if he was home. She never considered herself submissive, but rather just a faithful wife who did the duties a stereotypical 'woman who stays at home' does. In reflection, Robert was a very demanding man, stern, but fair. With Robert, there was only black and white, never any shade of grey in between. Yet, Robert would not be home for a few days as he was giving a special sermon at the biggest church in Tennessee and then staying for a few days for a big religious conference where he was the closing keynote.

Kimberly finished putting up the tree which had always been a special tradition for herself and her children. Kimberly went up to clean her daughter's room but stopped, she began shaking her head as she thought to herself, 'What am I doing? I am doing exactly what she told me to.'

Kimberly instead returned downstairs and seated herself at the table in the rectory dining room. Kimberly was in charge of almost every fundraiser for the church and the upcoming annual Christmas pageant was no different. She sighed thinking about how predictable her life had become, something she had not considered before the harsh accusations of her daughter. She spent the next hour organizing things for the upcoming pageant: she called and chatted with Mrs. Weber who was in charge of the show itself and somehow ended up agreeing to be the virgin Mary; she called Mrs. Addleton to confirm food was all organized and ended up agreeing to make her famous beef stew; she called Mr. Hamilton about the hall and ended up agreeing to pick up more Christmas lights for the show. She quickly decided no more calls as her workload kept increasing with each call.

'Am I submissive?' Kimberly thought to herself. Everyone just expects I will do what they ask: my husband, my daughter, the community. She was suddenly frustrated and was about to call it quits for the evening when she remembered Mr. Hamilton mentioning that the special hand carved chest that had been used in all of the pageants, the one held by one of the three kings could not be found when they had done an inventory. It was a lovely piece and she recalled seeing it not too long ago in the church basement in one of the storage rooms. She thought about leaving it till tomorrow, but she was rather anal about things. Still wide-awake after her fight with her daughter and knowing she wouldn't sleep well until she at least checked if it was there.

Outside it had just finished snowing and the town looked beautiful with fresh snow. Kimberly decided to walk the three blocks instead of driving to enjoy the fresh winter air. Seldom had she just walked around at night and enjoyed the calm beauty of the town. Every house had Christmas decorations on their front lawn and lights on their homes; she smiled as she began to sing, "It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas."

The three-block stroll took over twenty minutes as Mrs. Martin just admired the houses, chatted with Mr. and Mrs. Smith who were out for a walk themselves, and just enjoyed the freedom of being alone.

When she arrived at the church, Kimberly found the door locked and sighed as she realized she had not brought her keys. The church never used to be locked, until an unfortunate incident a few months ago where it had been vandalized in the middle of the night. She was about to turn back and go home when she noticed the lights were on in the basement. She wondered if someone was downstairs, probably looking for the chest just as she was about to do, and decided to go take a peek.

There were fresh footprints in the snow leading to the back door and sure enough, it was unlocked. Kimberly went inside, took off her snow covered boots and went downstairs. As she reached the bottom she was about to say hello, when she heard grunts and moans coming from the far back room. The one used for marriage counselling usually. She was suddenly extremely anxious and slowly tiptoed to the door that was slightly ajar.

As the curious Minister's wife slowly looked inside, her mouth dropped open and she had to cover her mouth to keep from gasping at what she was seeing. On the table used to discuss the sanctity of marriage was her daughter, naked except for her blouse and she was clearly having sex with Tommy Chase, her bad boy boyfriend that Robert greatly disapproved of. Only the Mother, Caroline, came to church, neither her slimy car salesman husband, nor their only son Tommy ever came to the Sunday services.

Kimberly's first instinct was to walk in and stop this as any mother would do in this situation, yet that is not what she did. Instead, she watched transfixed by her daughter being fucked so thoroughly by the surprisingly muscular teenage boy.


Cinthia moaned, "Harder Tommy. Slam that big snake of yours all the way in me."

Hearing her daughter's filthy mouth was also shocking, even after their explosive fight earlier. Yet, while the words last time went directly to her heart, this time the words went directly somewhere else. Kimberly couldn't deny the sudden twitch in her vagina. So instead of stopping the sexual debauchery, the Mom who couldn't remember the last time she actually had sex watched in voyeuristic awe.

Meanwhile, Cinthia was getting even more animated as Tommy continued hard deep thrusts into her. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, Tommy, I'm getting close."

Tommy grunted back, "You love my big cock, don't you, slut?"

Kimberly again gasped at hearing her daughter being called such a derogatory name, yet it only seemed to enhance the euphoria growing in her daughter.

"Yes, baby, your cock fits my slutty wet little cunt so perfectly," she moaned back.

Again Kimberly could not believe it. Sure Cinthia had been a handful, but never in a million years would she have anticipated her daughter not only allowing herself to be called a slut, but calling herself one as well.

"I am going to take your back door one of these days, slut," Tommy said, his hands squeezing Kimberly's daughter's breasts through her shirt.

"I don't know, baby," Cinthia moaned.

"I wasn't asking your opinion bitch. You're my cunt now and you will do as you are told," Tommy said with a confidence that implied this was not negotiable.

The firmness of his voice sent pulse waves to the voyeuristic mother, her own submissive personality bubbling to the forefront.

"Just get me off, baby," Cinthia demanded, clearly two strong-willed people both trying to control the situation and each other.

Tommy obliged, sweat pouring off his body as he slammed into the near climactic Cinthia.

Cinthia's body bounced back like a Raggedy Ann doll as she screamed, "Shiiiiit, I'm coming."

Kimberly watched her daughter orgasm and imagined it was her getting fucked so hard. She couldn't resist the temptation any longer as her hand went under her dress and to her wanton, long-neglected vagina.

A minute after Cinthia orgasmed, Tommy grunted, "Suck my big fat snake, cocksucker."

Again Kimberly couldn't believe what she was hearing, or what she was witnessing or the effect it was having on her. She was now rubbing herself quickly, desperate to get off as she watched her daughter hop of the table and quickly devour what was easily the biggest cock she had ever seen. Although she was not close enough to see exactly how big it was, she was sure it was substantially longer and thicker than her husband's five inches.


Cinthia bobbed eagerly on Tommy's cock, tasting her own cum. She loved sucking Tommy's thick long cock and although she didn't love the taste of cum, getting her face coated with his sticky goo was a turn-on for some reason. Possibly, because her home life was such a boring, rigorous structure of goodness that being slutty was just a natural release for her frustrations.

"Here it comes, baby," Tommy grunted and pulled out of Cinthia's mouth pumping his cock furiously.

The mother was just as furiously rubbing herself as she too was close to orgasm.

Kimberly covered her mouth with her free hand to smother her scream as her orgasm hit, just as she saw her daughter's face getting coated with stream after stream of white goo.

"Hmmmmm, I love your cum baby," Cinthia purred as she licked Tommy's cockhead. Hearing a slight sound, she glanced to the door. She gasped as she saw her Mother watching her.

Kimberly thinking she may be caught, quickly backed away from the door and quickly, but quietly, moved up the stairs.

Cinthia whispered to Tommy, "My mom is here."

"Shit," he cursed, quickly pulling up his pants.

"No, no, no, it's ok," Cinthia smiled, devilishly. "She was watching us."

"Fuck off," Tommy replied, his own devious smile crossing his lips.

"I'm serious," Cinthia smiled, quickly deep throating her boyfriend's cock.

"So now what?" Tommy asked, knowing his girlfriend's often devious, naughty ideas.

Taking Tommy's cock out of her mouth and standing up, Cinthia smiled, "I think it is time to have some fun."

"And what was what we just did?" Tommy joked.

"Oh, tomorrow we get my Mommy on this table," Cinthia announced.

"Are you shitting me?" Tommy asked.

"Nope," Cinthia said, "I finally have Mommy dearest exactly where I want her."

"And where is that?" Tommy asked, finishing putting his cock away.

"Blackmail," Cinthia smiled.

"You are not saying what I think you are saying," Tommy questioned, his cock staying hard with just the thought of fucking Mrs. Martin."

"Well, you said my Mom is a MILF," Cinthia teased, already visually planning having her mother eating her pussy.

Meanwhile, Kimberly ran home, almost falling twice as she tried to collect her thoughts. She couldn't believe she just masturbated while watching her daughter have sex...in church! She was mortified by her actions, horrified by her daughter's actions, and petrified by the reality that having watched her daughter having sex and being treated as a complete slut, brought back so many memories of her own wild sexual exploits in college.

Before Kimberly met Robert, she was a bit of a wild child, but that all stopped the moment she met Robert. He was ten years older than her, but Kimberly was sick of the crazy life she was leading and was drawn in by his high moral values. In very little time, her naughty past faded and she was pulled in by Robert's strong resolve and his smooth way with words. He was the yin to her yang, the calm to her storm and they were married just over a year after they met. Her son Ben came a year later, and fourteen months after that Cinthia was born and although Robert was thrilled to have children, he never seemed to get past seeing Kimberly as big and pregnant. After the children's births, he lost all interest in intimacy and once in a while, a flicker of disgust crossed his face as if he could still visualize her being pregnant. So although Kimberly lost all the baby weight and was still a very attractive woman, actually in better shape than when she was in college, they had not had sex in years.

Occasionally the temptation to pleasure herself occurred, but she combated the urges by keeping herself super busy. However, seeing her daughter being fucked had brought back her repressed sexuality and when the dam had burst, she had masturbated in church while watching her daughter used as a slut, flashbacks of herself being used as a slut returning to her head like a vintage old movie.

Once home, she went directly to the shower to wash away her sin. The hot water warmed Kimberly, but she couldn't completely cool the fire that was still flickering down below. She tried desperately to forget what she saw, what she felt, but once the apple is bit there is no going back and she had taken a very big bite.

.....

Usually Kimberly waited up for Cinthia to get home before retiring to bed, but decided she really didn't know how to face her daughter after what she just saw. So after getting in her pajamas, she went down stairs to get a glass of milk. She was just putting the milk back in the refrigerator when the front door opened. She tried to finish her milk and escape back to her bedroom, before her daughter came into the kitchen. However, she failed; they were now standing there face-to-face.


Cinthia had decided she was going to play mind games with her mom and not just come out and blurt that she knew what she knew. She opened with fake sincerity, "Sorry about my earlier outburst, Mom."

Kimberly was surprised by the softness of her daughter's voice and doubly surprised when she came and hugged her. She had craved such mother-daughter intimacy for years, ever since it had stopped a few years ago, yet now it just felt awkward. Instead of the normal innocence of a mother-daughter hug, she noticed her breasts crushed together with her daughters. Her daughter's hand landed harmlessly on her lower back, the fingers just touching her backside. Kimberly felt another rush of excitement which mortified her (even in her wild college days she had never been with another woman).

As soon as the embrace ended, Kimberly tried to remain cool. "I'm sorry too, Cinthia. You are eighteen and old enough to make your own decisions, even if I don't always approve. I was young once too you know."

"You were?" Cinthia teased her mother, "I just assumed you were born as an adult."

"It feels that way some times," Kimberly replied.

"Tommy is taking me to the Christmas formal tomorrow," Cinthia said, stirring the pot by mentioning Tommy.

Kimberly's face flushed at just hearing Tommy's name, his cock instantly flashing into her head.

"You ok, Mom? You look all flushed," Cinthia said, feigning concern.

Kimberly stammered as she tried to justify her burning cheeks. "O-o-oh, I just feel a little under the weather."

Cinthia put her hand on her mom's forehead. "No fever, Mommy, maybe you just need some TLC."

Kimberly's red faced cheeks burned even more as the thought of her daughter's boyfriend being the one to give her a very special kind of TLC popped again into her head. Mortified by the sick and twisted thoughts that continued to recur in her mind, she decided to finish the conversation. "I think you are right, Cinthia. I am going to hit the hay."


"Me too," Cinthia agreed, throwing another innuendo at her mother, "I am really worn out myself."

The Mother's mind flashed back to seeing her daughter getting fucked by Tommy's big, thick, hard cock.

Cinthia added, confident that her Mother was currently remembering what she had witnessed earlier, "It really was a long hard night."

Kimberly oblivious to her daughter's innuendo agreed, "Yes it has been a long night."

"Long and hard," Cinthia corrected, barely able to hold back her laughter.

"Sure, long and hard," Kimberly replied, her mind again thinking of her daughter's boyfriend's cock.

"What are you thinking about, Mom?" Cinthia asked, knowing exactly what her mother was thinking.

"What? Sorry, I am just way past exhaustion," the dazed and increasingly horny mother replied.

Cinthia yawned, finally deciding to let her mom off the hook for the night, "I'm exhausted too."

"Good night," Kimberly said.

"Night Mom," Cinthia replied, new ideas forming on how to make her mom her plaything.

In her bed, Kimberly couldn't resist the temptation of pleasuring herself for the second time that night and the second time in years while thinking of Tommy's cock fucking her deep and hard like he had her daughter. She came hard again and like the last time she was horrified by her weakness. How was she going to face her daughter or Tommy tomorrow? A million thoughts bounced in her head as she drifted into slumber.

.....



The next morning, last night just seemed like a strange dream as Kimberly woke up from the best night's sleep she could remember. Yet, as the memories from last night returned, she sat straight up ashamed. Looking at the clock she gasped it was 9:10. Over two hours later then she normally woke up. She was suppose to be at the hall by ten to help set up for the dance tonight. She quickly got ready, happy she showered last night, and made herself a quick breakfast.

The day itself flew by like most days did, as Kimberly was kept busy running around doing other people's jobs to make sure the dance would be ready. By the time she arrived home at three, half an hour before Cinthia should be home, she was already exhausted.

For the second time in less than twenty-four hours, Kimberly was going to witness her daughrer engaged in sexual activity. This time though the shock value would double. Closing her front door, she instantly heard the moans of pleasure, but this time there was no hiding.

Cinthia called out, "Hi, Mooooommy," through an exaggerated moan.

Kimberly again froze in her tracks, just like she had last night.

"Get your ass in here Mother," Cinthia ordered, her tone changing in a heartbeat.

Kimberly's face went flush not with embarrassment, but anger at her daughter talking to her like that. She turned the corner into the living room with guns a blazing. "Don't you ever talk to me like...." The mother stopped in mid-sentence as she stared at her daughter, naked, with her legs open and a girl kneeling between them licking away.

"Like what Mommy? Cat got your tongue?" Cinthia smiled.

Regaining her composure, the mother snapped, "What do you think you are doing, Cinthia?"

"I am having my cunt licked, Mommy. You should try it sometime. It is absolutely divine. Isn't that a word from your generation?" Cinthia moaned.

"Stop it this second!" Kimberly demanded, rage boiling over, even as her own vagina began to get wet.

Instead of stopping, Cinthia grabbed the girl's head between her legs and pulled it deeper inside her cunt. Ignoring her mother's protest, Cinthia asked, "Did you know that Dad added cameras in the church after the break-in last year?"

"I don't know what..." the angry mother began not realizing the true implication of her daughter's words.

"Shhh, Mommy. Your Mistress was talking," Cinthia said smiling.

"Excuse me," the mother gasped.

"Your Mistress, I own you now Mommy," the daughter said rather matter-of-factly.

"Cinthia this has gone too far," the mother said, already feeling herself losing the power struggle.

Cinthia ignored her mother's lame protests and explained, "Anyway, the point being that a camera was on and filmed someone masturbating in a hallway last night, Any chance you know who that was, Mommy?"

Kimberly's face went from ruby red with anger to pale white instantly.

"There is also one in the room where you watched Tommy fuck me, but I already took care of that tape, aaaaah," Cinthia moaned, as she continued the explanation.

"Cinthia please," the rattled mother began.

"Give me a second, Mommy. Lucy has me so fucking cloooose," Cinthia moaned.

Kimberly had been so thrown by the whole ordeal; she had never really focused on who was between her daughter's legs. Looking closer now, she recognized Lucy's red hair. The domino effect of shocking revelations continued to fall for the bewildered mother, Minister's wife, and community leader. Lucy was the church choir leader, married to the town mayor, and the second most influential woman in the town...after Kimberly herself. No matter how she spun it, she couldn't figure out how Lucy Winters could possibly end up between her daughter's legs.

"That's it you fucking cunt-licking slut, faster, faster, oh fuck, oh fuck, fuuuuuuck," Cinthia screamed as she had her intense orgasm cascaded through her. The thrill of knowing her mother was watching helplessly and of her mother's inevitable submission, served only to intensify her earth-shaking orgasm.

Kimberly couldn't believe the words out of her daughter's mouth or the fact that she herself felt her panties getting excessively wet. She decided to leave, feeling helpless to stop the dominos.

As her mother turned to leave, Cinthia demanded, "Don't you dare fucking leave, Mother. We are not done talking."

Kimberly froze, startled by the dominating tone of her daughter, so similar to her father's.

"Good Mommy, now turn around like a good girl," Cinthia purred, as she finally released the head of

the MILF between her legs. "Pet Lucy, say hi to my new pet."


Lucy looked up from between the teenager's legs, her face dripping with pussy juice, and looking directly at her good friend Kimberly, said, "I'm so sorry, Kim."

Cinthia scolded her pet. "Pet Lucy, is that what I fucking asked you to do?"

"S-s-sorry Mistress," Lucy stammered as she quickly apologized, an obvious fear in her eyes not wanting to be punished by her powerful Mistress.


Kimberly stood frozen as she watched her best friend's humiliation.

"I am sure you are wondering how Pet Lucy ended up my personal cunt licker," Cinthia said, before adding, "But this is actually about you, my Mommy pet."

"Mommy pet?" Kimberly repeated, in a sexual daze.

"Yes, Mommy, you are going to do what I say without hesitation or question, or the tape of you masturbating in the church will go public," the smiling daughter revealed.

Kimberly gasped. "You wouldn't."

"Would I slut Lucy?" Cinthia asked, looking down at her MILF pet.

"Yes, Mistress, you would," Lucy nodded.

"You see Mommy, I am a lot like daddy. I love to be in charge," Cinthia explained, looking back down to Lucy. "Clean up my cunt, pet Lucy."

"Yes, Mistress," Lucy replied, returning to her submissive position between the teen's legs.

"You see Mommy; there are two types of people. People like daddy and I, who are dominant personalities and people like Pet Lucy and you who have submissive personalities," the powerful teen explained.

Kimberly finally spoke. "Cinthia this is wrong."

"But it feels soooooo right," the daughter purred. "Now up in your room is your outfit for the dance tonight. You will wear exactly what I laid out for you, including the little toy I left for you. Any disobedience and the tape goes public Mommy."

"Please Cinthia," Kimberly pleaded.

"What you want to replace Pet Lucy now?" Cinthia asked smiling.

"What? No, that is incest," Kimberly gasped.

"Yes it is," Cinthia purred, "Is your cunt wet now, Mommy? I bet it is."

Kimberly's face went red as she couldn't deny just how wet she was.

"I thought so," Cinthia smiled. "Now go get dressed Mommy. Your friend has me pretty revved up again."

Having permission to leave, Kimberly quickly dashed out of the living room and up to her bedroom. Her door closed, the tears began to flow. 'What had just happened? How did Lucy end up being her daughter's pet? Why was her pussy so damn wet?' Kimberly had never even considered another woman sexually and yet now she couldn't get her own daughter out of her head.

The mom's eyes still watery, she glanced over to her bed. Curious what her daughter expected her to wear, she walked over. The dress was one she seldom wore, a red number usually worn at weddings. It was her most provocative dress, but nothing that was inappropriate. Beside the dress, was a pair of beige pantyhose still in the package, also nothing out of the ordinary as she always wore pantyhose. The panties and bra too were her usually ones...no frills. She then grabbed the little box. Opening it she pulled out an egg shaped object. As she held it in her hand she tried to figure out what it was.

The mother was startled by the voice of her friend. "It's a vibrating egg."

Kimberly turned around confused. "A what?"

"A vibrating egg. It is suppose to go in your vagina," Lucy explained.

"Oh," Kimberly said, even though she couldn't fathom why anyone would want to put such a thing inside their vagina.

Lucy walked over to the bed, grabbed the remote from the box and explained, "This controls it."

The egg suddenly started vibrating in Kimberly's hand.

"I am so sorry, Kim," Lucy said, taking the egg.

"How?" Kimberly asked, needing to know.

"It's a long story. But to make a long story short, she learned of my many infidelities with a few other women in the community and used it to blackmail me," Lucy explained.

"You're a lesbian?" Kimberly asked, trying to process the thought of her best friend and others in the community being lesbians.

"No, but I am bi. So are many others in town," Lucy explained.

"I can't believe it," Kimberly said, such a revelation unfathomable.

"Anyway, I have been instructed to help you get ready for the dance," Lucy said, reaching for the package of stockings.

"I can get dressed myself," Kimberly snapped, her anger coming back.

"I have no choice. It is an order from your daughter. If I don't I will be punished," Lucy said, opening the package.

"Punished?" Kimberly questioned.

"Yes, last time I disobeyed she made me masturbate at church during the service," Lucy explained.

"No!" Kimberly said, still unable to believe such a thing.

"Yes and if I disobey this time she promised to release a video of me and another woman in the community," Lucy explained sheepishly.

"Oh my, who?" Kimberly asked, just beginning to understand the full complexity of what was happening.

"That is for your daughter to tell you," Lucy answered.

"Can't you stop her?" Kimberly asked.

"No, she runs this town," Lucy revealed.

"She runs this town?" Kimberly repeated.

"Yes, you will see," Lucy promised as she said, "Please get undressed, Kim."

"You can't be serious?" Kimberly asked.

"Please," Lucy said, her tone desperate.

"So she will do it?" Kimberly questioned.

"Definitely," Lucy said.

Kimberly slowly got undressed. Her hands trembled as she unbuttoned each button. She had not been naked in front of another person other than her husband since college and even now, that was a rarity. Naked except for her bra and panties the modest mother hesitated.

"Everything, Kim," Lucy instructed.

Kimberly's face flushed at the thought of being naked in front of a friend.

"Now!" Lucy ordered, her tone demanding obedience. Kimberly was startled and about to respond, but the look in her friend's eyes stopped her. Instead she nervously unclasped her bra and slipped out of her panties.

Once naked, Lucy smiled, "Wow, you have done quite a good job of hiding your body."

Kimberly feeling so awkward and insecure asked confused, "What do you mean?"

"Your body is perfect," Lucy said.

"Really?" Kimberly asked, flattered by the compliment especially considering no one had given her such a compliment in years.

"Seriously," Lucy said, moving forward and cupping her best friend's breasts. "Do you know how long I have wanted you?"

"What are you...what?" Kimberly asked, surprised by her best friends actions and words.

"You would be a great addition to our weekly housewives club," Lucy said softly, as she let go of her friend's firm breasts, grabbed the bra from the bed, and slowly, teasingly, put it on her naked friend.

Kimberly just silently allowed herself to be a real life Barbie as she was dressed by her friend. She lifted up her leg to allow her panties to be put on. As her friend slid the panties up her legs, she could feel her friend's hot breath so close to her burning vagina.

Lucy smiled, knowing her friend could be seduced right here, right now. She said, "Kimberly, when was the last time you trimmed this thing?"

"T-t-trim?" Kimberly stammered, her excitement growing against her will with her friend's face just inches from her vagina.

"Yes, have you ever trimmed your cunt?" Lucy asked, pushing the boundaries with the nasty 'C' word.

"Never," Kimberly admitted, the thought never once occurring to her, not since college.

"Interesting," Lucy smiled, standing back up and gently pushing Kimberly on to the edge of the bed.

"What are you doing?" Kimberly asked.

"I have to put on the stockings," Lucy explained, taking one of the two thigh high stockings from the bed.

Kimberly watched confused, realizing the package was not the normal pantyhose she always wore. "They make them like that?"

Lucy laughed. "You really are innocent, aren't you?"

The way she said it made it sound like an insult and Kimberly quipped, "Well, I don't submit to teenagers like some cheap slut."

Lucy looked at Kim, as if Kim had slapped her in the face. Her face recovered quickly as she retorted, her tone biting, "Oh don't worry, I give you only a few more hours and then that statement will no longer be true. Then you will be just another cheap slut like me."

Lucy was no longer sweet and smooth as she rolled the first thigh high stocking up Kimberly's legs.

Kimberly wanted to apologize for calling her best friend a slut, but couldn't get the words to leave her mouth even as her thoughts were formulated. She robotically gave Lucy her other leg and watched the stocking slide up her leg.

"Stand up," Lucy ordered, the earlier wariness gone.

Kimberly obeyed.

Lucy noticed the quick obedience and pointed out, "You really are obedient, Kim."

Kimberly blushed but admitted, "I have always been the good wife."

Lucy put the dress on Kimberly and her tone now softened again as she said, "I really am sorry. I never imagined you being pulled into your daughter's web."

"It is not your fault," Kimberly said, feeling bad herself for calling her best friend a slut when she had been having such nasty thoughts herself, before adding, "Well, your predicament is your fault, but my current dilemma is not."

"Oh shit, I almost forgot," Lucy said. "Cinthia would punish me big time if I forgot the most important part."

Kimberly watched Lucy reach for the egg.

"Be warned, this may feel a bit cold at first," Lucy warned.

"You are not seriously going to...." Kimberly stopped mid sentence as her best friend, quickly reached under her dress, pulled her panties to the side, and slipped the toy easily inside her vagina. "Aaaaaaaah," Kimberly gasped as her vagina was violated by her friend.

Standing back up, Lucy explained, "That is to stay inside your cunt until your daughter retrieves it."

"Really?" Kimberly said, more rhetorical than a question.

"Really, really," Lucy smiled cheerily, trying to relax a tense situation.

"I have to find a way out of this, Lucy," Kimberly said.

"I thought that at first too, but now I couldn't fathom living without it," Lucy replied.

"Without what?" the still bewildered Kimberly asked.

"A Mistress," Lucy revealed, slowly pulling her best friend deeper into the sweet sin of submission.

"But what about Gary?" Kimberly asked, pointing out her best friend was married.

Lucy laughed, before explaining, "We have been going through the motions for years. Our marriage is a charade and as soon as Janet finishes high school I will leave him."

"Really? Why didn't you tell me?" Kimberly asked, concerned for her friend, briefly forgetting the absurd situation she was currently in.

"I was living the charade," Lucy said with a shrug as she turned and walked to the door, before leaving with a lingering question, "The real question is, are you living a charade of a marriage too?"

Before Kimberly could respond, Lucy was gone and she was left alone thinking about the absurdity of it at first, but not so absurd when much consideration was put in it. She loved Robert, but in reality, she loved him the way you would a father; they had not had sex in years, other than occasional blow jobs when he demanded them, and they were definitely just going through the motions. Yet, you didn't leave your minister husband. Then again, you didn't allow your best friend to dress you and shove a toy inside your vagina either; nor did you drool over your daughter's boyfriend's cock and you definitely didn't get wet thinking of your 18-year-old daughter becoming your Mistress. Yet, all these had happened and the guilt of earlier was fading as the excitement of real sexual pleasure began to build.

As the Minister's wife looked in the mirror, she wasn't sure she recognized the woman whose reflection was staring back at her. Trying to change her image of purity, she took her hair out of her traditional bun and let her hair down. Her blonde hair fell happily down and created a whole new look for the conservative mother. Kimberly opened her unused make-up bag and pulled out the red lipstick, which her husband called harlot red. She painted her lips. She followed this by taking her thigh high stockings off and painting both her fingernails and toenails a matching red. The everyday task for most women was liberating for the long tamed woman and a clear statement that Kimberly was coming out of her sexual cocoon. Once her toes were dried, she put the stockings back on her legs and was surprised how naughty she felt wearing them. The dress was plenty long to hide her stockings, yet just the thought of dressing sexy excited her. Suddenly a thought popped inside the mother's head.

Kimberly went to her closet and pulled out a pair of black boots she had never worn. She bought them a couple of years ago in New York while her husband was at a conference. She was so excited by the boots, but when she showed them to Robert when they got home he disapproved saying, 'No wife of mine is going out in public in screw-me boots'. Thus, they had sat at the back of her closet ever since. Robert gone, she decided to rebel secretly against her husband's authority by putting the four inch heeled leather black boots on her stocking-clad legs. Make-up added, boots on, Kimberly looked back in the mirror after her own self-created transformation. She smiled at how a few simple changes (eyeliner, lipstick, boots and hair down) could so drastically change her look. For the first time in years she felt sexy and a tingle triggered again down below.

Kimberly went downstairs, still nervous about having another confrontation with her daughter, and was thankful to find she wasn't home. Looking at the clock, she realized she was already late for last minute set-up at the dance and quickly headed into the evening. A mixture of trepidation and excitement rattled inside the long ignored woman...but excitement was winning.


.....



The dance itself was uneventful for the first couple of hours for Kimberly. She quickly got used to the egg inside her vagina and spent most of the time solving crisis after crisis. Trivial things like no one was manning the punch bowl, no one got a cash box for the door and so forth. When time did permit Kimberly to think, she looked at every female for some sort of hint which of them, if any, we're in Lucy's housewives' club. She also kept looking for her daughter to show up, but it was Lucy she first saw.


Lucy joined Kimberly at the punch table and said, "Oh my, you look good enough to eat."

Kimberly blushed at the naughty compliment, catching the obvious innuendo.

Lucy said, "Wow, you are even more beautiful with your hair down."

"T-t-thanks," Kimberly stammered, flattered by the words of her best friend and yet confused at the slight tingle down below.

"And those boots, where did you get them?" Lucy asked.

"New York, long time ago," Kimberly admitted.

"Why have you never worn them before?" Lucy asked.

"Robert said they were too slutty," Kimberly answered and then covered her mouth for swearing.

"You are so precious," Lucy laughed, squeezing her best friend's hand softly. "Trust me, before you know it you will be using a lot of profanity."

"I would never...," Kimberly began, before being interrupted by Lucy.

Lucy looked over to the adults supervising and quipped, "They all look so wholesome, don't they?"

Kimberly turned and said frustrated, "Yes. I keep looking for any hint, but can't find any."

Lucy said, "Well, like you, they are all very good at keeping secrets."

"So some are here?" Kimberly asked curiously.

"Some what?" Lucy playfully asked back.

"You know," Kimberly replied frustrated.

"I do, I just want to hear you say it," Lucy smiled.

"Say what?" an increasingly frustrated Kimberly asked.

"That you want to know who here tonight are housewife lesbians," Lucy began, before adding, leaning into the future addition to the group, "who look all prim and proper and yet love to eat pussy, get fucked my strap-ons and wear butt plugs in public," Lucy clarified.


"What?" Kimberly whimpered, her friend's hot breath and nasty talk distracting the once unflappable woman.

"One woman here has a butt plug in her ass right now," Lucy added, "Don't you wish you knew who it was?"


"Fine!" an aggravated Kimberly said, asking, "So who are the housewife lesbians here?"

"Well, there is me and you," Lucy smiled.

"I am not a lesbian," Kimberly declared adamantly.

"No? Your pussy was soaked from watching me munch on your daughter's cunt and I bet you wouldn't have stopped me if I would have offered the same service to you," Lucy challenged, moving away from her friend's ear.

"What? No, I," Kimberly stammered, just as a few kids came to get some punch.

Once the kids left, Lucy let her best friend consider who at the dance were also in the housewives' club. "I'll give you a hint, there are two others here, Kimberly and neither has any clue that you know a thing."

Kimberly went to ask another question but Lucy was gone. She sighed as she again looked around at the different women in the building. There was Mrs. Queenston who at fifty-eight would be a big surprise; there was Mrs. Kramdall who was the school principal and also an unlikely choice since these housewives' club meetings assumedly happened during the day when the men were at work; there was PTA co-chair Mrs. Anger who was a stay-at home wife with both her kids in school, but she was way too sweet to be involved (although Kimberly would have thought that of Lucy just a few hours ago too); there was Mrs. Churchill who was married to the owner of the car dealership in town and only worked part time; there was a couple other teachers Ms. Cooper and Ms. Tremble, but both would have the same alibi as Mrs. Kramdall; and lastly, there was Mrs. Smith, the bank manager and again someone who worked during the day. Kimberly could not come up with any clue to how any one of these ladies could be involved in lesbian escapades, never mind two. Her curiosity to know who, had her spend the next forty-five minutes in brief conversations with each of them. However, her detective skills were lacking; leaving her convinced she was right and none of them were afternoon lesbians. On the bright side, almost all her friends complimented her hair being down and how amazing she looked.


As Kimberly returned from the washroom, peeing with an egg inside was a bit weird; she almost doubled over as a buzzing began suddenly in her vagina. She instantly found a chair in an empty, reclusive back area and sat down. A moment later her daughter, dressed elegantly in a blue dress she didn't recall her having. The dress had a long generous side slit, which showed she too was wearing similar colored thigh highs, said, "Mom? Is that you? I almost didn't recognize you, you look super fucking hot with your hair down. A new order of yours to obey is to always wear your hair down. Is that understood?"

Flustered, the suddenly horny mother, stammered, "O-o-ok,"

"O-o-o, good," Cinthia teased, before asking, "So how is my lovely Mother this evening?"


Kimberly looked at a smiling Cinthia and Tommy and said weakly, "Good."


"Dam Mrs. Martin you are one hot MILF, you look good enough to...," Tommy quipped, with a lecherous smile, before being interrupted by Cinthia.

Turning to Tommy, Cinthia said, "Down boy, all in good time," foreshadowing the fall of her mother. Turning back to her flushed, pretty mother she asked, playing with her words, "It seems things here are a buzz."

Kimberly's red cheeks turned redder at the obvious implications of her daughter's words as well as the buzzing down below.

"Enjoying yourself, Mommy?" Cinthia asked as she turned up the speed with the remote control in her hand.

"Yeeees," the mother replied, letting out an uncontrollable and embarrassing moan as the sensations inside her sped up.

"You ok, Mommy?" Cinthia asked, sitting down beside her.

Kimberly just held onto the table as the increased vibrations inside her had an orgasm on the rise whether she wanted it or not.

Cinthia leaned into her mother and whispered, her hot breath adding to the sexual build up, "Come for me, Mommy."

The mother embarrassed by her lack of control closed her eyes, clenched her teeth to avoid the scream that wanted to break free, and obeyed her daughter's order. Her legs stiffened under the table as the orgasm that had been simmering inside her all day since walking in on her daughter and best friend cascaded through her like a waterfall breaking through a dam.

"Good Mommy," Cinthia purred in her mother's ear, already learning that praise of a task of obedience only added another layer of submission and loyalty.

The mother's head was mush as the orgasm overwhelmed her. Finally, as the last waves slowly crashed in she opened her eyes and saw Tommy with his cell phone. He smiled and said, "Mrs. Martin, that was the hottest thing ever."

Kimberly actually smiled at the absurdity of it all and asked, "Is that so?"

Cinthia stood up and said, "Let's go dance, Tommy. Mommy clearly needs to recover before the big finale."

Kimberly watched her daughter sashayed away, Tommy's hand clearly on her daughter's ass as she contemplated the last ominous words of her daughter. What was the implication she wondered? Oddly, instead of being fearful, she was intrigued and even a bit excited.

She watched her daughter dance before Mrs. Smith came and asked her to help with getting appetizers ready for the late night snack.

The dance was near ending an hour later when the buzzing started again. Kimberly sighed as she was standing with a few ladies when it started and worried it could be heard.

Lucy waved her over and Kimberly said, "Excuse me ladies."

Thankfully, the vibrations were on low and Kimberly, although her panties were quite wet, made it to a smiling Lucy.

"So, have you guessed who the two are?"

"I can't fathom any of the ladies here being involved in such unladylike behavior."

"Would you have guessed me before today?" Lucy asked.

"God, no," Kimberly replied, and then gasped at her use of the Lord's name in vain.

"I will give you a hint," Lucy smiled. "One works at the school."

"How?" I asked, "She would be working during the day."

"Principals can leave for meetings," Lucy said, putting quotation marks around the word 'meetings'.

"Betty?" Kimberly questioned, still in a daze of disbelief.

"Yes, it is usually at her house," Lucy revealed, adding another layer to the stunning revelations of small town sin.

"Wow," was all Kimberly could say.

"The other one is for you to figure out yourself, beautiful," Lucy smiled.

"I can't even gander a guess," Kimberly said, wanting to know. "Just tell me."

"On one condition," Lucy said, smiling.

"And that is?" Kimberly asked.

"You come to one of our afternoon gatherings," Lucy revealed.

"You can't be serious," Kimberly gasped.

"Of course, I am. The ladies would be thrilled to have you in our housewives' club," Lucy added.

"Oh my," Kimberly gasped as her friend's hand touched her leg.

Their conversation was interrupted by another crisis a moment later, with Kimberly's head spinning, while her pussy continued to tingle uncontrollably.

Twenty minutes later, Kimberly got a text from her daughter, "Same place as yesterday, Mommy...NOW!"

Kimberly's face went red again at the aggressive demand of her daughter. Yet, before she even had time to consider her options or rationalize the consequences, she was walking out the door. As she made her way to the church, only a few doors down from the hall (not wanting anyone to see her car at the church), she contemplated the expectations of her daughter. Even though her vagina was burning with a need she had long forgotten existed, she had to stand up to her daughter once and for all...she was the mother after all.

The nervous mother went down the stairs as she had the night before and again heard the sounds of sex. The door was wide open this time and she wasn't surprised to see Tommy again fucking her daughter. What surprised her was the video camera on a Tri-pod filming the action.

"Hi, Mommy, come in and get a better view," Cinthia smiled, Tommy slowly sliding his cock in and out of her.

"Hi, Mrs. Martin, nice boots" Tommy smiled, continuing the slow in and out of his hot girlfriend, not wanting to come until the time was right.

Cinthia noticed her mom's black boots and purred, "Oh, Mommy, I love your boots. We are both wearing fuck-me-like-a-dirty-slut boots. You really were dying to break out of your restrictive shell weren't you?"

Kimberly stammered, "W-w-what? No, they are just boots your father wouldn't let me wear."

"Because they are slut boots," Cinthia judged.

"That is what your father called them," Kimberly admitted, avoiding eye contact.

"So Mommy, dress like a slut, you must be ready to sin; are you ready to officially become my Mommy pet?" Cinthia asked, naked except for a pair of beige thigh high stockings and black, stiletto boots.

"Please, Cinthia," a distracted Kimberly said, the back and forth of Tommy's cock, creating an almost hypnotic state for the long neglected woman, images of the teen's big cock fucking her flashing again inside her head.

"Hmmmm, begging, that is a good start," Cinthia teased, before adding, "Come to me, Mommy."

Kimberly obeyed the trance like state controlling her, the brief resistance considered on the short walk over already fading to oblivion.

"Kiss me, Mommy," Cinthia ordered.

The Mother hesitated. Although she had watched her daughter get fucked, watched her daughter get licked, and personally had an egg inserted in her vagina at the request of her daughter, kissing her daughter was crossing an invisible line...one where there would be no turning back. Plus the video camera staring at her caused a whole new level of trepidation.

"Oh, the camera, that Mommy is just for my collection. I always tape the first time a new pet slut submits to me. It is actually a pretty fast growing collection," Cinthia smiled, as she briefly reflected on the four adults and three fellow classmates that had submitted to her like the regressed lesbians they were, but this would be the ultimate addition to her small, but growing collection.

"Cinthia, you are my daughter," Kimberly tried to rationalize with her beautiful daughter, whose firm breasts suddenly looked appealing to the straight as an arrow Mother.

"And you are my Mother," Cinthia replied, "and you have kissed me almost every night since I was born."

"Yes, but," Kimberly began, her weak resolve melting away like butter in a frying pan.

"No buts, Mommy, kiss me now," Cinthia ordered.

Her daughter's tone was not rude, but it was firm and the mother did as she always did when given a firm order, she obeyed. She nervously leaned forward to kiss her daughter. She planned just a peck on the cheek like she did every night, but instead her daughter turned at the last moment and her daughter's lips met hers.

Cinthia moved her hand to her mother's cheeks and kissed her gently, but with a passion that was not suppose to exist between parent and child.

Tommy watched the mother-daughter kiss with the eager fascination of every boy in the world. Every boy at one point fantasies, often obsessively, about fucking their Mother. Cinthia had promised last night that after they finished the submission of her mother, she would help seduce his. Just the thought of fucking his mother had his balls boiling, as did watching the incestuous act in front of him. He grunted, "I am going to come soon, slut."

Breaking the kiss she moaned, "Come in me, baby. Fill my cunt with your sweet cum."

Kimberly turned instinctively to watch her daughter get filled with cum.

Cinthia purred, "Mmmmm, baby, come in me. Mommy is watching; show her how much you come."

"Aaaaah," grunted Tommy as stream after stream of cum exploded inside his gorgeous girlfriend. After a few more strokes, he pulled out, stepped closer to a still watching Kimberly, put his hands on her shoulders, and ordered, "Clean my cock, Mrs. Martin."

Kimberly felt her legs weaken at his touch and she slowly fell to her knees any last moment resistance suddenly non-existent.

"Suck him Mommy," Cinthia ordered. "Clean my cum off his beautiful fuck stick."

Kimberly's mouth was open, watering with hunger, yet she froze at the realization that she would be tasting her own daughter's pussy juice.

The mother's decision was made for her when Tommy grabbed her head and slipped his cock in her open mouth. "Get sucking cocksucker."

Her mouth full of cock, the stunned but hungry mother had no choice but to obey. As Kimberly slowly moved back and forth on the teenager's big cock, her still buzzing vagina tingled with hunger for attention. Tasting her own daughter's cum made the submission so much dirtier and yet only seemed to enhance her hunger.

It was Cinthia's turn to watch in voyeuristic awe. Watching her mother sucking her boyfriend's cock was the hottest thing she had ever seen, especially since her mom was tasting her own daughter's cum.

"Cinthia, I see where you get your cocksucking skills, your mother is a natural," Tommy commented.

Such words should have humiliated the mother, yet it only made her want to impress the sexy tattooed teenager more. Kimberly began bobbing back and forth faster, trying to eventually take all eight inches of cock in her long neglected mouth. She hadn't sucked cock in years, although in college it could have been her major. She loved the taste of cum, or used too, and suddenly wanted to taste it again. Cocksucking it seems was like riding a bike, even if you don't do it for years, you never forget how.

Cinthia quipped, "Holy shit, Mommy! You are one eager slut. Are you trying to get your daughter's boyfriend to cum in your mouth?"

Kimberly froze. The question should have been ludicrous, yet it was exactly what she had been trying to do.

Tommy pulled out and asked, "Are you hungry for my cum, Mrs. Martin?"

Forgetting where she was, in a church, forgetting her daughter was in the room, her daughter, the horny mother whimpered, "God, yes."

Cinthia almost made a remark about her mother's use of the Lord's name in vain but refrained as she watched the fall of her mother.

"Good, beg for it," Tommy demanded, tapping his hard cock on the MILF's ruby red lips.

There was no hesitation as the lust filled woman begged, "Please Tommy, let me suck your big hard cock until you cum in my mouth."

"And you will let me fuck your cunt?" Tommy questioned, seeing just how far he could push his girlfriend's hot mom.

Cinthia moved her hand to her clit and began rubbing herself as she watched her mother's sexual submission. The next words out of her mother's mouth shocked even the foul-mouthed teenager.

"Yes, Tommy, my cunt is yours to fuck if my daughter will allow it," Kimberly said, completely turned on and willing to give in unconditionally to her daughter's power.


Cinthia smiled, her fantasy of her mom's submission so deliciously close, "Mommy, are you ready to submit to your Mistress unconditionally?"

The question lingered in the air as Kimberly stared at the big hard cock in front of her face. She had no idea what her daughter had in store for her, yet she also knew she could not go back to the sexless vanilla life she had been living for years. She wanted to swallow Tommy's cum; she wanted to be a part of the town's kinky housewives' club; she wanted to feel Tommy's big cock inside her burning inferno of lust; she wanted to obey. The two words out if her mouth sealed her fate. "Yes, Mistress," the mother said, turning to look up at her beautiful daughter.

"And you are hungry for my boyfriend's cum, my pet?" the smiling daughter asked.

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly answered, starring into the eyes of her daughter.

"Well my cunt is full of his cum, it is literally leaking out of me," the powerful teen seductress pointed out.

The mother took a couple of seconds to realize the implication of her daughter's words. She stammered, "Y-y-you want me to lick your vagina."

"No," Cinthia corrected, "I want you to eat my cunt."

Tommy lifted up the dazed mother as if she was a feather and positioned her between her daughter's stocking-clad legs.


Kimberly stared at her daughter's cunt. She could see the yummy white goo leaking out of her daughter. There should have been hesitation, a brief refusal. It was her daughter's cunt and she had never before this day, even in her wildest college days, ever licked a pussy. Yet there was no hesitation, no refusal. The mother leaned forward and escalated the earlier brief moment of incest by kissing her daughter's much more inappropriate lips.

Cinthia moaned on first contact of her mother's tongue and Tommy gasped, "Holy shit." Kimberly meanwhile, began lapping his cum from her daughter's cunt. The taste a mixture of salty and sweet only enhanced the mom's now insatiable hunger. Once the taste hit her taste buds, she was addicted and hungrily licked and sucked, attempting to retrieve every drop of Tommy's cum.

"Oh God, Mommy! You have a great pussy pleasing tongue," Cinthia moaned, her pussy getting revved up by her mother's tongue.

Kimberly's moral fortitude broken, she no longer cared about the taboo of incest and instead just wanted to taste her daughter's pussy and make her come.

"Does Mommy want to make her daughter come?" Cinthia asked, her orgasm that was building but didn't explode when Tommy shot into her was rising again.

"Get her off, slut," Tommy demanded, spanking the MILF's ass.

The derogatory treatment and order by the buff teenager only enhanced the eagerness to obey for the submissive mother. She took her daughter's clit in her mouth and slid two fingers inside her daughter's sloppy wet pussy.


"Fuuuuuuck, Mommmmmmy," Cinthia screamed, her mother bringing her to climax.

Kimberly opened her mouth and learned that her daughter was a flooder like herself as a river of cum exploded out of her daughter's pussy and into her mouth.

"Ohhhh shiiiit," Cinthia quaked, shocked at just how intense her orgasm was. She had had plenty of girls lick her to orgasm and Tommy's big cock got her off too, but nothing had brought her this utter euphoria. Her body kept trembling, wave after wave of pulsating pleasure cascaded through every nerve of her body.

Tommy, his cock rock hard, lifted up the dress of his girlfriend's mother, pulled her panties down enough to get access to the hot mom and before the sexy MILF could protest or respond he slid his cock inside her hot inferno.

Kimberly felt her dress being pulled up, and felt Tommy's hands yank her panties down and moaned loudly into her daughter's cunt as the cock slid inside her, pushing the vibrating egg deep inside her.

"Shit," Tommy chuckled, "I forget the egg was still in your cunt, Mommy-slut."

Tommy pulled his cock out, slid two fingers easily inside the wet woman and pulled out the vibrating egg. He tossed it to an amused Cinthia whose orgasm was just starting to subside and ordered, "Clean off your Mom's cunt juice, bitch."

A dominant to women, but a submissive to her man, Cinthia caught the still vibrating egg, and began licking her mom's cum, "You taste like me, Mommy."

"Well then I must taste heavenly," the horny and submissive mother replied smiling up at her daughter, waiting to have Tommy's big cock back in her.

"Beg, slut," Tommy demanded, rubbing his cock on the desperately horny MILF's wet pussy lips.

"Shit, Tommy, shove that big snake in me," Kimberly begged.

"But according to daddy and the Bible, snakes are sinful," Cinthia pointed out.

"Then I must be a sinner," the mother admitted, looking directly in the camera. "I want to eat the apple whole."

"Shit, Mother. How long have you been holding in this hunger?" the daughter asked, her legs still wide open and her pussy still in front of her mother.

"Since you were born, Mistress," Kimberly admitted, adding Mistress to imply she wanted to be controlled, forced to sin.

"Well, sin away," Cinthia smiled.

Kimberly looked behind her and demanded, in the authoritarian tone she often used when getting something done at church, "Fuck me, Tommy. Shove that big snake in my hot cunt. I am yours to use."

Tommy couldn't resist any longer, the words from the minister's wife too much and plunged into the eager mother. Her pussy was so tight and wet; he was in a state of delirium at making one of his two greatest fantasies come true.

"One mother down, one to go, baby," Cinthia purred, as if reading her boyfriend's mind.

"Fuck your mother is super tight," Tommy grunted.

"Well, she hasn't been fucked in years and daddy's cock is puny," Cinthia added.

Kimberly was already near orgasm the second her cunt was filled with Tommy's big cock and had to agree her husband's cock was tiny. The thought that crossed her mind was 'but how would her daughter know?' Focusing on her own pleasure, she continued her submissive persona. "Oh thank you, Mistress for letting your boyfriend fuck me with is big hard cock."

"You are welcome, Mommy. I did all this for you," the daughter smiled.

"For meeeee me?" Kimberly asked, as Tommy began to slam into her from behind. The fucking was so raw and rugged, so animalistic and barbarian that Kimberly knew she would not last long before her orgasm hit.

"Of course, Mommy. It has been obvious you have been in sexual denial for years and when I saw the look in your eyes when I caught you watching me get pounded last night; I knew what I had to do. I had to save you from yourself," Cinthia explained, as if seducing her mother was just a natural thing like saving a puppy from drowning.

The daughter stood up and moved underneath her mother while Kimberly processed her daughter's odd, but true, assessment. 'Did she look sex deprived in public? Is that how others saw her?' The mother decided it didn't matter; all that mattered was the impending orgasm.

"Shit, Mommy. Your tree needs trimming," Cinthia said, stunned at how hairy her mother's cunt was. "You're going to have to keep this shaved from now on."

"Whatever you say, Mistress," the hungry mother whimpered as her orgasm built, seconds later as her daughter sucked her clit, while the cock inside continued to ravish her hard and deep, the orgasm exploded through her. "Fuuuuuuuuuuuck, I'm coming," the delirious mother screamed loud enough to wake the dead as her orgasm continued to explode inside her like fireworks.

Tommy didn't slow down, the thought of giving his girlfriend's mother a facial already in his teenage mind.

Cinthia put pressure on her mother's clit, enjoying the power she now had over her mother.

The double sensation to Kimberly's long neglected cunt was overwhelming and the pleasure seemed to keep coming and coming as she came and came, flooding Tommy's cock and her daughter's face.

Suddenly Tommy pulled out and a river of cum exploded out of the mother's cunt and coated her daughter's face. Cinthia smiled at the similarities in her and her mother's orgasms.

Tommy grabbed the MILF roughly and pulled her onto her knees, Cinthia moving out of the way.

The submissive Mother needed no instructions as she gobbled his cock whole hoping for a full load of teenage cum this time, and not the leftovers of a good fuck in her daughter. She tasted her own juices as she eagerly deep throated the big, hard, teenage cock.

"Shit, Cinthia, your Mom is going to give you a run for your money as best cocksucker in town," Tommy grunted.

Cinthia, not one to be outdone, moved beside her mother and took the cock out of her mother's mouth and replicated her mother's deep throating technique.

Kimberly watched hungrily, jealous of the thought of her daughter getting all of Tommy's sweet seed.

A Moment later, Cinthia came up with a naughty idea. Taking her boyfriend's cock out of her mouth she asked, "Wanna try something new?"

"Sure, but I am not going to last much longer," Tommy grunted.

"Mommy move beside Tommy's cock and face me," Cinthia said, also moving herself to the other side of Tommy's ready to erupt missile.

"Yes, Mistress," the cum hungry mother obeyed instantly.

"Kiss me, Mommy," Cinthia said, leaning forward and putting her top lip on top of Tommy's cock.

Kimberly smiled at the kinky idea, realizing the unique way they were going to share the cock. She too leaned forward and their top lips touched, as did their tongues underneath.

Tommy needed no instructions as he grunted, "Shit baby, you are one sick bitch."

The mother and daughter licked each other's tongues as the cock began moving slowly in and out of their new made up position.

As Tommy got used to the unique sensation, his balls began boiling again and he began fucking both their faces.

Both girls struggled to keep their lips touching and their tongues teasing, while Tommy pleasured himself. Tommy feeling his cum rising suddenly grabbed both girls' heads, forcing them to adjust their mouths to the hard piston moving back and forth. "Fuck you incest sluts. I am going to use both of you anytime I want. Mrs. Martin, I plan to tap your ass next time."

Kimberly had never even remotely considered ass play, but suddenly the idea sounded intriguing. Her response was a moan as she continued focusing on his cum she was sure was soon on its way.

The hungry MILF was not mistaken as Tommy grunted, pulled back and demanded, "Open your mouth, Mommy slave."

Kimberly eagerly obeyed, a spark in her cunt again at being called a slave. She watched for a few seconds as her daughter stood up, grabbed his big cock, and began pumping it.

"Does Mommy want a face full of cum?" Cinthia asked.

"Yes, Mistress, sooooo fucking badly," Kimberly moaned, her hand automatically going to her burning cunt.

"Are you my slut, Mommy?" the smiling, triumphant daughter questioned.

"Yes, Mistress, I am yours," the submissive mother admitted, her caged sexually finally released from years of harsh oppression.

"Hmmmmm," Cinthia purred, just as the first rope of cum shot out of Tommy's cannon and landed directly on the famished mother's face, mostly hitting her forehead and nose, a little landing in her hair.

The mother opened her mouth wide hoping to catch the white goo she had been craving like an addict in withdrawal, all the while frantically rubbing her burning cunt. A second solid rope of cum mostly landed in her mouth while the third hit her chin and the fourth sputtering shot missed the mark hitting her dress.

"Fuck, Mom. Thank god I saved you," Cinthia said.

The mother swallowed the cum that landed inside her mouth and took Tommy's cock back in her mouth sucking it desperately searching for any last drop of cum.

"We have created a monster," Tommy moaned, surprised by the ferocious hunger of the seemingly prude mother before yesterday.

"We have our own Frankenslut," Cinthia joked.

"A really hot one," Tommy added.

Kimberly should have been mortified by her actions, her sin, at being called Frankenslut. Yet, with a dormant volcano awakened after all these years, there was no holding her back. She wanted more, she needed more. Taking the cock out of her mouth, she looked up at her daughter, her Mistress now, and whimpered, "Thank you for saving me, Mistress, I am yours."

"You will always obey?" the daughter asked.

"Yes, Mistress," the Mother replied without hesitation.

"You will fuck who I say, when I say, where I say?" the daughter added, pushing the full extent of her power.

Kimberly's eyes went big at the full spectrum of her daughter's intentions and asked, "What about your father?"

"For now, we will keep him in the dark," Cinthia said, "We can keep living his delusional value system and keep up the perception of the perfect family, but the true reality will be anything but that."

"I see," Kimberly said, not really convinced.

"Trust me Mother. When he is home, things will remain the same. The changes will be all beneath the exterior."

"Ok," the mother said, still full of trepidation about her reputation in the community.

Again the daughter could read her mother's mind. "Mom don't worry about your reputation. For most of the community it will still be the same old, same old. But for the select few who are in my elite web of lesbians, as well as the housewives' lesbian cunt-munching club that Lucy is a part of, no one will know any difference. So I will ask you one more time, Mommy. Will you obey unconditionally?"

Deciding the line was long ago crossed, the submissive mother, her fingers still on her pussy, agreed, "Of course, Mistress."

"And you will go to the play party on Tuesday?"

"With bells on," the mother playfully replied.

"You will be the best Christmas present ever," Cinthia smiled. "Now take your dress off."

"Of course, Mistress," the mother again obeyed, standing up and allowing her dress to quickly fall to the floor.

"Shit, your Mom's tits are bigger than yours," Tommy gasped starring at the C cup breasts of the MILF.

"The bra and panties too, slut," Cinthia ordered, not liking Tommy's comment.

The mother obeyed, even as the cool chill of the basement made her nipples even harder.

"On the desk, slave," Cinthia demanded.

Again the mother obeyed as she watched her daughter go to her purse. The daughter returned with a candy cane she unwrapped smiling.

Kimberly instantly knew what her daughter expected and opened her hand for the Christmas fuck stick.

"Fuck yourself Mommy," Cinthia ordered as she handed her mother the long candy cane.

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly eagerly obeyed, so badly wanting to come. She slid the long red and white pleasure cane in her wet pussy and began fucking herself.

Both Tommy and Cinthia watched the obscene act of the Minister's wife, the leader of the community, the controlling mother, fucking herself with a candy cane while squeezing her big tits.

After a couple of minutes, Tommy ordered, now completely dressed, "Go get your Mother off, slut."

"Yes, Master," Cinthia said for the very first time.

"Master, about fucking time bitch," Tommy agreed, slapping his girlfriend's ass. "I got to get going sluts. Have fun with each other."

"Bye baby," Cinthia purred, turning around and giving him a quick hard kiss.

"Bye big cock," Kimberly said, still pumping her cunt with the striped stick.

"Don't you ever forget it, my MILF pet," Tommy said as he was leaving.

Cinthia turned back to her Mother and dove between her mother's open legs, taking the candy cane from her mother. "Do you want me to fuck you Mommy?" the daughter asked, her voice syrupy sweet.

"Oh God, yes," Kimberly moaned.

"You shouldn't use the Lord's name in vain," Cinthia teased, pumping the candy cane all the way in her mother and licking her mother's clit at the same time. The next few minutes were sweet, sweaty lesbian sex.

"Fuuuuck, oh God, oh God, oh God, fuck me baby, fuck mommy, make mommy cum," Kimberly babbled, her second orgasm in minutes on the rise.

Cinthia, a naughty idea in her mind, decided to add another level to the crazy kinky submission, used her free hand and slid a finger up her mother's ass.

"Oh Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooood," the mother screamed, as her orgasm riddled her again. She wrapped her stocking legs around her daughter as she quaked again and again.

Again Cinthia's face was covered with a river of her mother's cum and she eagerly lapped it up until she was paralyzed by surprise.

"Mom, what are you doing?" Ben asked, stunned by what he was witnessing. He had arrived a week earlier than originally planned. Ben and his mom were always close and he could tell during their long conversations on Skype with his mother that the past few months had been rough on her and he thought his early arrival would be a great surprise, but obviously it was he who was surprised. His mother was having an affair with a woman.

Kimberly opened her eyes and looked at her son in the doorway. She stammered, "B-B-Ben?"

Cinthia lifted her head from between her mother's thighs, her face dripping with pussy cum, and was surprised at see her big cute brother staring at them.

Ben gasped. His mother was having sex with her daughter, his sister. He had just walked in on his sister and mother in the throes of lesbian lust. He should have been appalled, yet the full tent in his trousers begging to get out implied differently.

Cinthia controlling the situation like she usually did, pulled the candy cane out of her Mother's sloppy cunt and put it to her mouth before she asked, "So, big brother. Are you going to stand there with that dumb ass look on your face, or are you going to get out of those clothes and come and join us?"

THE END

Author's Note:

Did you like the story? If so, please vote and comment. Potential future installments could be any of the following:

"Oh" Submission Town: Brother and Son Fun...what happens next? Does Ben join the fun?

"Oh" Submission Town: Cum Cum Lesbian Fun...what happens when Kimberly goes to an afternoon Housewives' Club?

"Oh" Submissive Town: Best Friends...what happens when Lucy gets Kimberly home alone?

Other suggestions or ideas...comment below or send me an e-mail.

Thanks for reading, voting and your comments....

Jasmine

Merry Christmas 2012!


"Oh" Submission Town: Brother & Son
bysilkstockingslover©

Summary: Submissive mother submits sexually to daughter and son.

Note 1: This story is a short sexually charged chapter that finishes off part one's cliff hanger and will set up the future chapters of the naughty little town.

Note 2: Thanks to MAB7991, Leann and goamz86 for editing this story.

Recap: In part one..."Oh" Submissive Town: A Mother Falls...Kimberly, a Minister's wife, catches her rebellious daughter having sex with her boyfriend in the church. This begins a domino effect of shocking revelations that include her best friend is a submissive to her daughter, there is a lesbian housewives club in her conservative Christian community and her daughter is the mistress that ties all these things together. Eventually, she too falls under the hypnotic spell of her daughter and submits to her.

A reminder of how the last chapter ended just after Kimberly had been brought to orgasm by her daughter and her son walks in:

"Mom, what are you doing?" Ben asked, stunned by what he was witnessing. He had arrived a week earlier than originally planned. Ben and his Mom were always close and he could tell during their long conversations on Skype with his mother that the past few months had been rough on her and he thought his early arrival would be a great surprise, but obviously it was he who was surprised. His mother was having an affair with a woman.

Kimberly opened her eyes and looked at her son in the doorway. She stammered, "B-B-Ben?"

Cinthia lifted her head from between her Mother's thighs, her face dripping with pussy cum, and was surprised at seeing her big cute brother staring at them.

Ben gasped. His Mother was having sex with her daughter, his sister. He had just walked in on his sister and mother in the throes of lesbian lust. He should have been appalled, yet the full tent in his trousers begging to get out implied differently.

Cinthia, controlling the situation like she usually did, pulled the candy cane out of her mother's sloppy cunt and put it to her mouth before she asked, "So, big brother. Are you going to stand there with that dumb ass look on your face, or are you going to get out of those clothes and come and join us?"

"Oh" Submission Town: Brother and Son Fun

Time stood still for Kimberly as she listened to the words of her Domme daughter, "So, big brother. Are you going to stand there with that dumb ass look on your face, or are you going to get out of those clothes and come and join us?"

Ben still couldn't believe it. His sister who he had been fucking ever since she turned eighteen had a surprise for him, but this was not what he expected. He had told Cinthia that he would love to fuck their mom while he fucked her one night. She always implied it was possible, but it was still all just a late night stroke fantasy until this moment.

"I told you Ben, I had a surprise for you," Cinthia smiled.

Ben stammered, "Y-y-yes you did, but this was not what I was expecting."

"You don't like your Christmas present, Master?" Cinthia asked pouting.

Kimberly listened to the surreal conversation as they talked as if she wasn't there, bewildered by the events that led her to this humiliating moment and the apparent relationship between her two Christian children.

Ben finally regained his usual confident demeanour and joked, "Oh no, it is the perfect present, although I see you already unwrapped it."

"I couldn't resist," Cinthia shrugged, "our mother is quite the slut, aren't you, Mother?"

"What? Please Cinthia," Kimberly pleaded, totally mortified by the situation.

"More begging," Cinthia smirked, taking her mother's pleading out of context, "You really are an insatiable slut."

"Oh God, Cinthia, please stop," the bewildered mother said.

"Tsk, tsk, using the Lord's name in vain again," Cinthia teased. "So Ben, think you can get mommy screaming those same words?"

Ben began pulling down his pants and Kimberly pleaded, "Please Ben, I'm your mother."

"And apparently my Christmas present," Ben smiled, a long time fantasy now about to become a reality.

Kimberly was rattled, yet as her son's big hard cock popped into view she could feel her resistance to committing yet another sin, another act of incest, weakening.

Cinthia, seeing her mother staring at Ben's big eight inch cock, said, "I think Mommy likes it."

Ben moved to his mother and ordered, "Worship my cock, Mommy slut."

Kimberly stared at his big cock now directly in front of her face, even as she gasped at being called a slut from her well-behaved son. Cinthia had always been a handful to raise, but Ben had always been a perfect gentleman. Yet, at this moment her mouth watered, her cunt tingled. yet she knew she should resist this temptation. Looking up at her son, she said firmly, "Ben we can't do this."

"I don't believe I was asking your opinion, Mother," he said. "We have always been close Mom, and now it is time to get closer." He placed his cock on his mother' lips.

Cinthia, horny herself and wanting a piece of her brother, said, "Mom, either suck your son like we all know you want to, or I am going to."

Kimberly couldn't deny it even though she wanted to. She wanted to suck him. She also couldn't deny that the thought of Cinthia having his cock instead of her made her jealous. So after a brief moment of hesitation, she opened her mouth and took her son's cock in her mouth.

"Good slut," Cinthia purred, biting her mother's ear.

"Good girl," Ben concurred, putting his hands on his mother's head. "I have fantasized about fucking you forever, Mom, but I never thought it would happen, although Cinthia said it was a possibility, I never believed it."

"You didn't believe it when I crawled under your sheets and sucked your cock either did you?" Cinthia added, enjoying revealing yet another shocking secret to her mother.

"Nor when you climbed on top and rode me taking my virginity," Ben added.

"I'm a giver," Cinthia quipped.

"Yes you're a gift that just coming, coming and coming," Ben joked.

Kimberly listened to the revelation that her children had sex and that Cinthia, her daughter, had seduced her older brother. It was so shocking and wrong, yet the burning fire down below, the very heat of this sinful hell, had her so hot she was already imagining her son's cock in her pussy.

"I have one more gift for you," Cinthia said.

"I can't imagine what could top this," Ben moaned, as his mother took more of his cock in her mouth. Again, he had envisioned this exact moment over and over, especially ever since Cinthia seduced him and put the thought of making this crazy fantasy a possibility with her confident talk and promises.

"Mom, have you ever had a cock in your ass?" Cinthia asked, although she knew the answer.

Kimberly froze, her son's cock, deep in her mouth. She thought of her daughter's finger a little earlier tonight being the first time her ass had ever been touched and how it had triggered her most intense orgasm ever.

"Answer the question, Mommy-slut," Ben ordered, pulling his cock out of Kimberly's mouth.

"N-n-never," Kimberly stammered, the thought even nastier than all the other sins she had committed in this night of submission.

"Well, I think I know what your Christmas present is from us," Cinthia said smiling, as she moved over to her purse. Pulling out a bottle of lubricant, she said, "Always come prepared, I always say."

"Nice pun," Ben laughed, as he shoved his cock back in his mom's mouth.

Kimberly sucked on her son's cock both exhilarated by the reality of her submission and the undeniable pleasure it brought her, yet also mortified by the reality of her submission and the inappropriate act of incest she was committing in her husband's church.

"On all fours my pet slut," Cinthia ordered.

Kimberly sat up and pleaded, "We really shouldn't do this."

"Do what?" Cinthia asked innocently.

"Sin here," Kimberly answered.

"A little late for that since you've already sucked your son's cock, don't you think?" Cinthia asked.

"On all fours now, Mommy-slut," Ben ordered sternly.

Kimberly looked at her son with a look of surprise at his new persona, yet obeyed another command as her submissive nature took over.

Cinthia moved behind her mom's still firm ass and poured excessive amounts of lubricant between her mom's ass cheeks. Once done, she moved her hand down her mom's ass crack and her finger teased her mother's inviting rosebud. "Ready to have your ass fucked?"

Kimberly couldn't believe that she was about to commit the act of sodomy, one of the greatest sins, yet the act of obedience and her wet pussy overwhelmed any propriety as she answered, "Yes."

Cinthia pushed her finger in her mom's ass as she questioned, "Yes, what slut?"

"Yes, Mistress," the horny bewildered mom answered correcting herself, as she allowed, her ass to be penetrated again.

"Yes, Mistress what?" Cinthia again questioned as she wiggled her finger inside her mom's ass, enjoying the power over her once stern mother.

The distracted mother wasn't sure what she was supposed to say, but then she realized what her devious daughter wanted from her. Although Kimberly didn't want to be sodomized, did not want to be sexually humiliated by her two children, she did feel compelled to obey. She answered, accepting her sexual fate that was in the hands of her nasty, dominant daughter, "Yes, Mistress, I am ready to have my ass fucked." The words would have been ludicrous a couple of days ago and yet at this moment, they were reality.

"Ben, she is really tight, tighter than when you took my anal cherry," Cinthia said, revealing yet another shocking sexual secret to her mother. "Remember, it was in the girl's bathroom in church while Dad was lecturing about resisting temptation."

"Oh yes, that was so nasty," Ben reminisced about that crazy morning. He then added, continuing his strong demeanor, "Let me decide whose ass is tighter."

Kimberly felt her daughter's finger slip out of her ass and then waited for the inevitable, being sodomized by her son. The act was so sinful, particularly because they were in a church, yet she was completely under the whim of her mistress daughter and seemingly her master son. She felt strong firm hands on her hips, she felt her son's cock poking between her ass cheeks, and as she clenched her teeth expecting pain, she felt his cock poking at her back door.

"Beg me to take your ass, Mommy-slut," Ben demanded.

Kimberly sighed, hating how they tried to push her further into submission when she was already a willing participant. "Please fuck Mommy's ass," she begged, before adding without even thinking, "sodomize Mommy and take her anal virginity."

"Mommy wants it bad," Cinthia teased.

"And what Mommy wants, Mommy gets," Ben said, as he pushed forward breaking through the last barrier of resistance and invading his mom's virgin ass.

"Aaaaaaaaah," Kimberly couldn't help but scream, her son's wide cock spreading her ass wider than it was meant to be opened.

"Relax your ass, Mommy-slut," Ben demanded, as he gently caressed her backside.

"Okaaaaaay," the mother weakly said, not sure how to relax as her ass was being violated and used in ways that were unnatural.

"Once you get past the pain, Mom, you are going to be in heaven," Cinthia said, smiling at another religious reference.

"You'll be moaning to the choir," Ben added.

"Weak," Cinthia scolded playfully.

"Sorry my witty word play isn't as good as yours," Ben shot back, even as his cock continued exploring further into his mom's no longer virgin ass.

Kimberly meanwhile just tried to focus on the intensity of the act she was willingly submitting to. The pain was sharp, yet the excitement at obeying seemed to overshadow the uncomfortable burn in her ass. Undeniably she wanted to feel all her son's cock in her ass; unexplainably she wanted to feel him fucking her ass hard regardless of the pain; inexplicably she wanted to be called names, the term Mommy-slut somehow turning her on more and making her sin more acceptable.

Cinthia asked, another reminder of the ultimate sin her mother was committing, "Do you like your son's cock in your ass, Mother?"

Kimberly no longer wished to pretend to resist her ultimate submission to her daughter and now her son, instead just giving into the pleasure that overwhelmed her through obedience. "Yes, Mistress, I love my son's cock filling my ass."

Cinthia smiled and continued, "How about submitting to the act of sodomy in the house of The Lord?"

Kimberly thought, it's the basement not really the house of The Lord, and using this weak theory to defend her actions replied, "Oh God, so wrong and yet so goooooood."

"Fuuuuck," Ben grunted, "that is the hottest thing I have ever heard."

"And you will worship both of us, and be at our every beck and call?" Cinthia asked.

"Yeeees, Mistress and Maaaaster," Kimberly agreed knowing she could not go back to her facade of happiness in her marriage and couldn't possibly resist the opportunity to taste her daughter's pussy or suck her son's cock.

"You will obey every order?" Cinthia questioned, stressing the word 'every'.

"God, yeeees," Kimberly agreed, even as her brain went to the housewives club, Lucy, Tommy and whoever else was a part of the twisted sexual web of deviancy that her daughter had spun in this supposedly reserved Christian town.

"I'm all in," Ben announced which surprised Kimberly.

Kimberly couldn't believe it. She expected there to be burning fires in her ass when all eight inches had filled her back door, yet although the pain was there, it was not overly intense. "Master," she said.

"Yes, Mommy-slut," Ben asked, as he looked down at his beautiful mother on all fours.

"Please fuck your Mommy-slut's ass, use me as your vessel of sin," Kimberly begged.

Cinthia chuckled, "Vessel of sin, I like that."

Ben began slowly moving is cock in and out of the Velcro like grip of his mom's ass.

Kimberly moaned loud as the strange pleasure of anal submission somehow turned her on.

Cinthia, horny again from watching her mother being sodomized by her son, crawled onto the table and spread her legs, moving her shaved cunt directly in front of her mother's face, "Come lick some holy juice."

Kimberly stared at her daughter's cunt that she had licked less than an hour ago, but seemingly it felt like years, her life forever changed based on decisions she had made in the past hour. She extended her tongue and began licking her daughter again, as her son began moving faster in her ass.

Cinthia moaned, "Oh Mother, I have so many plans and tasks for you."

Kimberly wondered what they were, yet instead of fear, a rush of excitement pulsed through her at the possibilities. She moaned, "I can't wait."

"I bet you can't," Cinthia smiled, her mother even more obedient and a bigger slut than she could have ever imagined. She already had a list of naughty tasks for her mother to fulfill playing in her head.

"I'm not going to last much longer," Ben grunted, unsure where he should come.

Cinthia purred, "Come whenever and wherever you want."

Kimberly wondered what it would feel like to have cum shot in her ass and begged, "Please Ben, fill Mommy's ass with your cum."

"As you wish, you dirty little slut," Ben grunted.

Kimberly moaned back, "Yes, baby, I'm your slut, your Mommy-slut."

"Rub yourself, Mommy-slut," Cinthia demanded, "I want you to cum from getting your ass fucked."

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly eagerly obeyed, the ass pleasure creating a constant tease. The mother then became the vessel of sin she had said she would be. She licked her daughter's pussy; she rubbed her own clit as she got reamed in the ass by her son.

Ben slammed into his mom's ass with forceful urgent thrusts, each time their bodies collided his mother's face crashed into his sister's cunt. He couldn't believe he was fucking his mom, in the ass no less, but finally the pleasure was too intense, and he erupted; his cum coating his mother's ass walls.

Kimberly felt his cum filling her ass, but couldn't do much more than moan as her face was buried in Cinthia's cunt. The feeling was quite different from when she had her husband come in her pussy, yet it got her off even more. She continued to frantically rub herself as Ben slowed down the assault on her ass, her orgasm so fucking close.

Cinthia ordered, "Come now, you nasty Mommy-slut, you son fucker, ass whore, lesbian cunt licker, you incest slave."

The litany of names was the final straw for the bewildered, no longer straight laced mother, who somehow got turned on even more by the name calling as she screamed, "Yeeeees, mother fuckers, I'm your sluuuuut."

Both children watched their mother come as her body quivered.

Kimberly couldn't fathom how such pleasure could exist, pleasure that she had been oblivious all these years. How sex had become a rare part of her wifely duties, something she did but barely enjoyed enough to get off. This was a euphoria like she had never experienced and she never wanted it to end.

Ben kept his cock lodged in her ass for a couple of minutes until it seemed her orgasm had subsided. He then pulled his cock out, moved around the table and shoved his cock into his surprised sister's face. "Clean me off, slut."

Cinthia was indeed surprised but loved to obey a man who knew what he wanted and she eagerly began bobbing back and forth on his cock. She had never sucked a cock that had been in anyone's ass before, including her own, nevertheless her mother's. It was so nasty, so twisted that it turned her like nothing she could imagine. She grabbed her mother's head, who had quit licking when her own orgasm hit, and she began moving her ass up and down, literally fucking her mother's face with her cunt.

Kimberly simply extended her tongue and tried to pleasure her daughter the best she could all the while feeling cum leaking out of her ass. Her orgasm done, a sense of overwhelming guilt hit her at what she had just done. She had cheated on her husband with two boys (one her son), licked her daughter's pussy, had her ass taken and all of this done in the sanctity of the house of God. She shivered at the complete compass of her sin even as her daughter's pussy juice coated her face.

"I'm comiiiing," Cinthia screamed, her brother's cock slipping out of her mouth.

Ben, still hard, wanted to fuck again but couldn't decide which one, as he watched the adorably cute face of his sister coming.

Kimberly was swallowing as much of her daughter' cum, a taste so exotically delicious that her guilt had already began to fade. Her guilt faded more when she felt hands on her ass again and then a cock filling her cunt. "Wholly fuck," she gasped.

"Holy fuck indeed," Ben quipped, playing with the words of his mother.

As Cinthia moved away, her legs needing a stretch, she quipped, "Fuck, Mommy, you really are an insatiable whore. How did you ever hide your true sluttiness?"

"I-I-I don't know," Kimberly stammered, greatly distracted by her son's cock in her cunt.

"What are you, Mother?" Cinthia asked, as she moved off the table.

"Your Mother, your Mommy-slut, your cunt licker, and Ben's cum bucket," Kimberly admitted, uttering the words turning her on even more.

Ben pulled out of her cunt and sat down on a chair. "Come ride me, Mommy fuck toy."

The lustful mother didn't hesitate as she was thankful to change positions and hungry to have her son's cock back in her wanton pussy. She straddled him and lowered herself slowly on his big rock hard cock, moaning as it filled her from this new position.

She began slowly riding her son's cock as she got used to the position, loving the sudden control she had.

Cinthia asked, as she watched the hot mom-son action, "What about Daddy?"

Kimberly's eyes went wide at the reference to her husband, yet she was too far-gone and hungry for another orgasm to consider the long-term consequences of her sins. "I don't know, Mistress, I guess that is up to you."

Cinthia loved the answer. Her mother was easily the most submissive of the many MILF's she had seduced in her mission to turn her boring religious town into a sinners haven.

Ben ordered, putting his hands on her shoulders, "Take all my cock, Mommy-slut."

Kimberly obeyed, allowing her whole body to land on her son's lap. "Fuuuuck," she screamed, her son's cockhead reaching new depths in her cunt. "I'm so full."

"Wait until you take my ten inch strap-on, Mother," Cinthia smirked, another hint to a growing list of submissive tasks she had in mind for her Mother.

"I caaaaan't wait," the mother moaned, even though she couldn't fathom taking anything bigger than her son inside her.

In a rhythm now, Kimberly began to ride Ben's cock completely, each downward thrust taking every part of her son's cock in her. She cupped her breasts, an erogenous zone ignored completely by her old fashioned husband.

"Hmmmm, does Mommy like her tits to be played with?" Cinthia purred.

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly admitted, hoping her daughter would join them making the twosome a threesome, even as she thought to herself she couldn't believe she was thinking that.

"Does Mommy want her daughter to suck on her nipples?" Cinthia asked, walking towards her.

"God, yes," Kimberly whimpered, already excited before her tits were even being touched.

"You really love to praise The Lord in your cries of ecstasy don't you, Mother?" Cinthia questioned as she cupped her mom's breasts in her hands as they bounced up and down.

"Aaaaaah," Kimberly moaned as her daughter cupped her breasts, before saying the absurdist thing ever to leave her mouth, "You're my Goddess now, Cinthia, I am but your servant."

"Fuck, that is hot," Cinthia said, as she leaned forward and took her mother's right nipple in her mouth.

"God yes, my Goddess," Kimberly whimpered.

"What about me?" Ben asked.

"Cinthia is my Goddess and you my Sex God, my Himeros," Kimberly declared, her orgasm building.

"And I am Aphrodite?" Cinthia questioned as she swirled her tongue around her mother's nipple.

"Yeeeeeeeeeees," the mother of two agreed as her orgasm begged to be released.

"Don't you dare come until I do, slut," Ben ordered, his orgasm on the build as well.

"Yes, Master," Kimberly weakly got out, the double pleasure of his cock in her pussy and Cinthia's tongue on her nipples putting her in a sexual trance of euphoria.

Cinthia switched to her mother's left breast and replicated the teasing breast attention.

"Oh yes, baby, I love your mouth on Mommy's titties," Kimberly said, watching her daughter smother her breast with attention.

"Ready to come, Mommy whore?" Ben asked.

"Yeeeees," Kimberly eagerly answered.

"On three, Mother," Ben demanded, as he wanted to explode in her simultaneously when she did.

"Okaaaay?" Kimberly again agreed, three seconds seemingly an eternity away at this moment.

"One," Ben announced, bucking his ass up to meet his slut's downward fall.

"Fuuuuuuuck, shit," Kimberly screamed, surprised by the new depths her son's cock had hit. She tried to stop herself from coming, but couldn't as she finished, "Soooooorry, I'm comiiiiiing."

Ben felt the wetness coat his cock and lap and he too shot his load as he continued bucking his ass up and filling his mom's cunt with his seed.

"Oh yes, yes, yes, come in Mommy, baby, fill her cuuuunt with your cum," Kimberly whimpered, always loving the feeling of having her cunt filled with cum, something her husband never understood.

Cinthia moved away and watched her mom and brother orgasm, all because of her.

Finally, a couple of minutes later, all three exhausted, they silently got dressed, each having strange conversations with themselves in their head:

Ben pondered how he was going to continue fucking his mom once his father got home, knowing that it had been the best sex he had ever had.

Cinthia was making a mental list of all the naughty things she had in mind for her new pet mommy. The first being a new haircut for her mother that would shock the community and her father. So many possibilities so little time before her father came home.

Kimberly, cum leaking out of her cunt and ass, couldn't believe what she had just willingly done. She looked at her children and wondered how she could ever look them in the face again. How could she continue to be their mother, to look out for their best interests, to discipline them when they sinned? Yet, all the while she pondered these serious concerns, she was already wondering when Ben would fuck her again, when she would be able to taste Cinthia's pussy again and what did her daughter have in store for her next.

Once back home, Kimberly got the answer to a couple of her questions as her children joined her in her bed. Kimberly lay on her back as Ben fucked her pussy one more time that night, while Cinthia straddled her face.

Tomorrow, Kimberly thought, she would have to have a serious talk with her children about how this was wrong and had to be a one-time thing, but that would be tomorrow.

Unfortunately for Kimberly...tomorrow never comes.

The End....for now

In part three...coming in early 2014 (I hope)...Kimberly must fulfill many tasks for her daughter/mistress, deal with her always horny son and go to her first housewives club meeting.

"Oh" Submission Town: Dutiful Mommy
bysilkstockingslover©

"Oh" Submission Town: Dutiful Mommy

Summary: Mom fucks son, eats daughter, hairdresser and best friend.

Note: Thanks to Leann and goamz86 for editing this story.

Recap: In part one... "Oh" Submission Town: A Mother Falls...Kimberly, a Minister's wife, catches her rebellious daughter having sex with her boyfriend in the church. This begins a domino effect of shocking revelations that include her best friend is a submissive to her daughter, there is a lesbian housewives club in her conservative Christian community and her daughter is the mistress that ties all these things together. Eventually, she too falls under the hypnotic spell of her daughter and submits to her.

In part two... "Oh" Submission Town: Brother & Son...Kimberly and her daughter are caught in the act of lesbian incest by Ben...her son. Ben doesn't hesitate as he joins the incest activity by taking his mother in both the pussy and ass.

"Oh" Submission Town: Dutiful Mommy

Kimberly woke up and felt an arm wrapped around her which was strange as her husband was not one to cuddle. She opened her eyes and gasped as she saw her daughter sleeping beside her. In a rush, all of last night's memories came flooding back to her. She had sucked her daughter's boyfriend's cock; she had licked her daughter's pussy after it was filled by Tommy's cum; she had come from her daughter's tongue; she got sodomized by her son; she eagerly rode her son's cock and got filled with his cum; she ended the night with a incestuous threesome in her own bedroom.

Kimberly was paralyzed by her actions. Mortified by the memories that continued to flash in her head, tears began to form at the reality of her horrific incest submission and the betrayal she had committed to her husband and the Lord. Yet, even as all her sins washed through her, the guilt overwhelming, she felt an undeniable wetness in her vagina. She cursed her weakness, wondered how she could turn back the hands of time and return to her world of oblivion and innocence. Yet, her pussy continued to beg for attention.

Ben felt his mother move and his cock instantly grew like it always did...his regular morning wood. He cupped his mom's breasts and whispered, "Good morning, Mommy-slut."

Kimberly's eyes went big, her breasts, her most erogenous zone, instantly triggering another rush to her pussy. The name calling also triggered a reaction, one she could not explain. Yet, the morning after, this was the time to stop this before it got out of hand. She said firmly, "Ben, stop this right now."

"Stop what?" Ben asked innocently, as he moved his finger and teased her nipple, his growing cock poking her side.

"This," Kimberly said exasperated, getting more distracted as she felt her son's cock poking her thigh.

"I am not sure I understand, Mom. You are our vessel of sin if I recall your exact words," Ben whispered, moving to her ear and biting her ear lobe.

"I said that?" Kimberly moaned against her will, the hot breath on her neck, nipple teasing and cock poking all distracting her from the firm resolve she was trying to have.

"You also said 'fuck my ass, Master,' 'come in my ass,' and 'come in Mommy's cunt' if I recall," Ben said, listing just a few of the naughty words his prim and proper mother screamed and begged for during the throes of passion.

Kimberly remembered all these and so many more inappropriate things that came out of her mouth during last night's sexual escapades. Shame coursed through her being at what she did yesterday, at not being able to squelch the serpent of lust that coursed through her and yet there was no denying the growing hunger to commit those sins again.

"Do you want to get fucked, Mom?" Ben asked.

"Yes, but we can't continue this," Kimberly answered, not realizing by the first word of her sentence the rest was redundant.

"Mom," Ben chuckled. "The gates of sin have been opened and they are not going to be closed."

Kimberly watched helplessly as her son moved on top of her. She could have protested; she could have resisted; instead she opened the gates of sin again as she spread her legs inviting her son to pull her deeper into the fiery pits of lust.

Ben placed his erect cock at his mother's pussy and again repeated the question, "Do you want to get fucked, Mom?"

Kimberly could feel her son's cock head teasing her increasingly wet pussy lips. She knew resistance was futile. She never felt more alive than she did last night, whether it be sucking Tommy's cock, licking her daughter's pussy or getting fucked in all three holes by her son. "Yes," she admitted embarrassed by her answer.

"Yes, what?" Ben asked, moving his cock up and down between his Mom's pussy lips.

Kimberly moaned, the tease driving her crazy. She wanted to feel his cock in her cunt and she admitted as much. "Oh Ben, please fuck Mommy. I need it sooooo badly."

"As you request," Ben smiled, loving the sexual power he had over his mother...his longest stroke fantasy before last night's revelation and major shift in the family hierarchy.

"Yeeeees," Kimberly moaned as her son's cock slid easily inside her hot inferno.

"Fuck your cunt is tight, Mom," Ben said, as his cock completely filled his mom.

Kimberly had no idea why she said it, but she purred, "As tight as my ass, baby?"

Ben laughed, "No Mom, not as tight as that firm ass of yours."

For the next few minutes Ben fucked his mom. He looked down at her throughout the fucking. Her eyes closed, her lips pursed, only enhanced the pleasure as he knew she was getting off because of him. She was so beautiful and now she was his.

"Starting without me?" Cinthia asked, as she turned on her side and watched her mom and brother fuck.

"You are next," Ben replied, knowing that he could shoot his first load in Mom and be ready to go a couple of minutes later for his sister.

"Better be. I realize now that you fucked Mom three times last night, but completely neglected my cunt," Cinthia pointed out.

"I'll rectify that error in a few minutes," Ben promised as he could feel his balls beginning to boil.

Kimberly meanwhile just allowed the incredible pleasure of being fucked hard to flow through her body...her mind still may have protested succumbing to the sin, but her body had given in without reservation and it was her body that was currently running the show as pleasure pulsed through her very being. She moaned, "So cloooooose, baby."

"Come for me, Mom," Ben grunted, wanting to watch his mother's facial expression as her inevitable orgasm hit.

"Yeeeees, Ben," Kimberly agreed, allowing the last resistance to fade and instantly her body trembled and quaked, her screams echoed through the room and her juices flooded out of her.

Ben was close too, but held back until his mom had completely reached orgasmic bliss and had started to come down. Finally, he erupted, shooting yet another load deep inside his mom's cunt.

"Oh yes, baby, fill Mommy's cunt," Kimberly moaned, as she tightened her cunt muscles around her son's cock trying to milk every drop of his cum.

Once spent, Ben pulled out, pulled his sister up and shoved his cock in her mouth. "Clean Mom's cunt juice from my cock."

Cinthia had little choice but to suck his cock as her brother held her head, although of course she would have eagerly done so.

Kimberly lay on her back and watched her two children, still trying to come to grips with the reality of the past day. Watching her daughter suck her son she felt her mouth water. She wanted to suck his cock again; to taste his cum again.

After a few minutes of slow sucking by Cinthia, Ben pulled his cock out of his sister's mouth; lay back on the king sized bed beside his mom and ordered, "Get riding."

Cinthia didn't need more than those two words to straddle her brother, lowering her cunt onto his flagpole.

Kimberly watched in voyeuristic awe at the incest act occurring just inches from her.

Cinthia rode her brother for a few minutes before her own orgasm hit. She continued riding throughout her orgasm, wanting to feel her brother's cum fill her.

Ben, having just come in his mother, took longer than usual to come, but eventually he shot his second load of the morning and fifth in a few hours.

As soon as her brother finished coming in her, Cinthia got off his cock, straddled her mom's surprised face and allowed cum to leak out of her and onto her mother.

Kimberly would rather have swallowed her son's cum from the source, but craving his seed, after the first drop hit her forehead, she leaned forward and began sucking her son's cum out of her daughter's cunt.

Eventually, the second incest threesome in a dozen hours came to an end.

Cinthia asked, "Is anyone hungry for some breakfast?"

"Real breakfast?" Ben joked.

"Yes, bacon and eggs," Cinthia laughed back.

"Yum," Ben said, always hungry.

"Go make us breakfast, Mom," Cinthia ordered.

Kimberly, suddenly feeling like a mother again, got out of bed, grabbed her robe and left the room her head still spinning from both the euphoria and shame of her actions.

.....

It was after breakfast was done that Cinthia finally brought up her expectations. "So Mother, you understand that last night and this morning was not an anomaly. I expect complete obedience from you at all times."

Kimberly no longer confined to her lust, tried to reason with her daughter, "Cinthia, please I am still your mother."

"Yes, you are," Cinthia agreed, pretending to agree with her mother before adding, "Your Motherly roles have just been expanded."

Ben let out a chuckle.

Kimberly, already sensing she was losing another battle, said, "What about your father?"

"I asked the same question to you last night when your son was fucking you if I recall," Cinthia retorted.

"Last night needs to stay between us," Kimberly tried to argue.

"What about this morning?" Cinthia asked.

"Fine," Kimberly sighed, catching on her daughter was playing a game with her. "Last night and this morning needs to stay between us."

"What about tonight" Cinthia asked.

"No more, we can't do this anymore," Kimberly firmly said.

"Oh Mother, you are a silly woman," Cinthia sighed. "Do you really think you have any say in this anymore?"

"I'm your mother!" Kimberly clarified.

"You're my slut," Cinthia corrected, adding a list of other terms to put her mother in place. "My cunt licker, my pet mommy, my personal sex slave and your son's cum bucket."

"Cinthia!" Kimberly gasped, even as she felt her pussy tingle which frustrated her even more. Why could she not control herself? Why did such disrespectful terms turn her on?

"Slut!" Cinthia mocked back. "Go shower. You have a haircut at eleven."

"I do?" Kimberly asked.

"You have a new life, thus you need a new look," Cinthia said, knowing her father insisted on Mom always having long hair.

"But I," Kimberly began to protest but was quickly shot down.

"Now slut!" Cinthia demanded, raising her voice.

The defeated mother looked with pleading eyes to her son, the rational one, but he just smiled, seemingly enjoying the power struggle between the two women in his life.

Kimberly reluctantly went upstairs and to her bedroom shower. While washing away her sins, including sticky spots on her body, tears streamed down her face. What had she done? How could she have so easily submitted sexually? Why couldn't she resist the temptation? What now? How could she get herself out of a predicament that could only end in forever purgatory in the flames of Hell?

Getting out of the shower, Kimberly decides she would pretend to obey the orders of her daughter, but go and see her best friend Lucy. She too had submitted sexually to her daughter, but hopefully she could understand the full depths of her daughter's power and how she could stop it. Returning to her bedroom in a towel, her son was on her bed, lying down, his cock completely erect as if calling her name. She sighed, her fragile shell of resistance already delicate at best. Her son's cock seemed to have a magnetic pull, drawing her against her will.

Ben watched, didn't say a word, as his mother went through the many emotions in seconds: denial, resistance, hunger, and acceptance.

Kimberly sighed, as she let the towel drop to the floor and joined her son again on her bed, a bed she shared with her husband, "Damn you. Ben."

Ben just smiled as he watched his mother give in again, this time without orders or name calling, but raw sexual hunger.

Kimberly couldn't resist, her mouth watering for her son's cock, forgetting instantly the strong will she had while showering, and took her son's cock in her mouth again. Unlike last time she sucked his cock, this time she took her time, kissing it, licking it, making love to it. She wanted to worship her son's cock and be the best cocksucker to ever worship his glorious cock.

Ben continued to just watch and enjoy. His mother looked so hot with his cock in her mouth. She took her time as she swirled her tongue around his mushroom top, she slithered her tongue down his shaft and then she shocked him by taking his balls in her mouth.

Kimberly didn't know why she decided to suck each of her son's balls into her mouth, but it just seemed the natural thing to do. She really didn't know what she was doing, having never done such a thing before, but her son's moans seemed to imply he was enjoying it.

The lengthy tease by his mother was driving him nuts and Ben finally spoke. "Mom. I want to see you deep throat my cock."

Kimberly smiled, looking at her son, and purred, talking like a bimbo slut and not a dignified mother, "You want Mommy to gag on this big juicy hard cock of yours?"

"I want to deposit a load of cum deep down your throat, Mommy-slut," Ben added.

Kimberly moved her tongue back up the iron rod and took it in her mouth.

Ben moaned, "That's it, Mommy."

Kimberly loved hearing her son moan because of her and she began taking more of his cock in her mouth, unsure if she could take all eight inches, almost three more than her husband.

"I want you to take it all, like a good Mommy-slut," Ben moaned, watching his snake slowly disappear in his Mom's beautiful lips.

Again Kimberly's pussy burned at the name-calling. Her brief resistance was shattered again, and she just wanted to be a good slut, a good Mommy-slut. She continued taking more and more of her son's cock with each downward bob.

"Oh yes, Kimberly," Ben moaned, using his mother's first name, something he had never once done before. "You are a great cocksucker."

Kimberly moaned on his cock, loving the compliment. Seven inches in her mouth she paused getting used to having so much cock in between her lips.

"Take your time, cocksucker," Ben said, enjoying the show as much as he was enjoying the blow job.

Kimberly wanted it all in her mouth; she wanted to obey his command; she wanted to be the best cocksucker he had ever had; she wanted to be better than her daughter. Going for broke, she moved her head up and then back down taking all eight inches in her mouth.

"Holy fuck, Mom, you did it," Ben groaned, surprised his mother could take it all in her mouth.

Kimberly didn't move, adjusting to having eight inches of her son's meat in her mouth. Now that she had accomplished the seemingly impossible task, she wanted to swallow his load. She began bobbing up and down furiously wanting to milk her son's cock dry.

"Oh fuck, Mommy, so good," Ben groaned, this easily being the best blow job he had ever received and he had gotten quite a few from college coeds this semester.

Again these were words that were exciting to the eager Mother's ears and she continued the fast-paced assault on her son's missile.

"Oh God, fuck, Mommy, oh Mommy, oh, oh, fuuuuuck, Mommyyyyyyyyy," Ben screamed like a child as his cum rocketed into his mom's mouth and down her throat.

Kimberly was surprised by the full amount of cum that sprayed the back of her throat and she gagged a bit, some of the cum dripping out of her mouth. Determined, she kept sucking wanting to swallow, to taste, to savor, her son's cum.

The pleasure so intense as his mom kept sucking, Ben had to push his mother's head away as it began to tickle.

Kimberly's eyes got big. What had she done wrong?

Ben, seeing his Mother's facial expression, said, "Sorry Mom, that was just so intense and amazing that after I came I couldn't handle the intensity anymore."

"So you liked it?" Kimberly asked, somehow needing her son's approval.

"God yes," Ben smiled, still recovering from the orgasm, his cock twitching long after he shot his load. "That was the most intense blow job I have ever had."

"Good," Kimberly said, relieved to know she had pleased him.

Cinthia interrupted the brief moment as she walked in and said, "Enough sucking cock, Mommy-slut. Get dressed now, and you are not to wear panties or a bra. Is that clear?"

Kimberly sighed, hating the aggressiveness of her daughter, but agreed, "Yes, Mistress."

"The rest of your outfit for today is lying on my bed," Cinthia said. "Get dressed and meet me downstairs."

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly agreed, even though she was already dreading what her daughter was thinking she should wear.

Cinthia left the room and Ben stood up, his cock beginning to return to slumber. He said, "Mom, don't disobey her, she is ruthless to those who disobey."

"How do you know?" Kimberly asked,

"I have seen it," Ben admitted.

"When? Who?" Kimberly asked, curious just how involved her son was in her daughter's complex web of sin.

"Mrs. Anger," Ben revealed, before adding, "this past summer at the lake."

"And?" Kimberly asked, drawn into the story and wanting to know more.

"Well she was already Cinthia's pet and Cinthia ordered that she suck me off in her car," Ben explained. "Mrs. Anger was mortified because her husband was at the beach as were her two children. She originally refused but after a lengthy talk with Cinthia, that I have no idea what was said, Mrs. Anger came and met me in the car and I got to fuck her ass instead."

"Oh," Kimberly said, thinking that wasn't so bad.

"Then she had to go and find another teenager to cum on her face," Ben added.

"Oh my," Kimberly gasped, understanding the humiliating potential consequences.

"Don't cross her, Mom," Ben warned. "She is very loyal and can be compassionate if you are obedient, but disobey her and watch out for her wrath."

"Hell hath no fury," Kimberly quipped.

"Than a Mistress scorned," Ben finished with a smile.

"I love you, Ben," the mother said.

"I love you too, Mom," Ben said back, pulling her in for a rather friendly hug, ignoring the reality that they were both completely naked.

Ben's cock, hard again, poked his Mother's leg.

"Does that thing ever shrink?" Kimberly asked, amazed at how quickly her son's cock reloaded, especially considering he had come three times already and it was still morning.

"It's always loaded and ready to go," Ben shrugged.

"Good to know," Kimberly smiled, no longer resisting the sin of incest but willing to go all in.

Kimberly grabbed a robe and headed to her daughter's room where she saw an outfit lying on her daughter's bed. She sighed again. On the bed was a plaid skirt, a white blouse and beige thigh highs that Kimberly instantly fretted would not be hidden by the short skirt. There was no one to protest to so she began getting dressed. She slid the silky thigh highs up her legs feeling decadent and sexy. She ran her hands up and down her legs, loving the touch of the soft silky nylon. She pulled the skirt up her legs and was thankful to see the skirt was longer than she thought and covered completely the lace tops of her thigh high stockings. She walked around a bit and was happy to see that the skirt had her lingerie hidden, as long as she didn't bend down too much. She put on the white blouse and her face flushed, noticing that it fit rather tightly, her breasts impossible to not notice. If her nipples got hard they would poke out like headlights impossible to miss. One more sigh and the mother walked downstairs to see what else her daughter had in store for her.

"You look delicious," Cinthia complimented as she assessed her mother, the outfit making her look years younger.

"Thank you, Mistress," Kimberly smiled; loving getting compliments something she never got from her old-fashioned husband.

"Do you like your new attire?" Cinthia asked.

"It's okay," the mother said, "although the blouse is a little tight."

"It really brings out your figure," Cinthia commented. "No more hiding your beauty behind conservative attire."

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly agreed, feeling like a Barbie doll for her daughter to dress up.

"Go get your haircut now, Mom," Cinthia ordered, "before offering to pay with your tongue."

"What?" Kimberly gasped, this not remotely being a task she expected her daughter to assign.

"I think my instructions were pretty clear?" Cinthia said, her tone implying she wasn't in the mood to bargain.

The mother and respected minister's wife protested, "But Cinthia, I have a reputation to uphold."

"No, you have a reputation to taint?" Cinthia corrected. "No more faking who you really are."

"But I can't offer that," Kimberly pleaded.

"If it makes you feel better, Caroline already knows how you are planning to pay and she is looking forward to it," Cinthia revealed.

"Oh God! oh God," Kimberly repeated, mortified by the expectations of her daughter.

"Now go before I add to your orders and trust me the additions will be a lot more humiliating," Cinthia threatened, implying the conversation was done.

Kimberly wanted to speak, but understood by the tone of her daughter's last words, as well as the look in her eyes that the conversation was done and any further protest would have consequences. "Yes, Mistress," the mother agreed reluctantly, unsure how she could ever possibly fulfil the task.

"Good, go slut, you don't want to be late," Cinthia ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly agreed.

"I left you appropriate shoes for your ensemble at the door," Cinthia added.

Kimberly reached the door and sighed yet again. The black heels were four inches and not something she would usually wear. Anyone who was already her daughter's sub would be suspicious of her based on her new attire. She just prayed that none would suspect she was willing to commit incest.

Heels on, she headed to her car and drove to the salon, her brief idea of rebelling and talking to Lucy long done.

The salon was rather busy for a Saturday but Kimberly was greeted warmly by Caroline who smiled widely when she saw the Reverend's wife. Caroline was told by Cinthia that she would be paying for her haircut in a creative way which intrigued her. Caroline submitted to Cinthia in this salon and was curious how much Kimberly had submitted to her daughter. Would Cinthia commit incest? She did pretty much everything else so nothing would surprise her...but Mrs. Martin was the most proper woman in the community.

Kimberly noticed instantly that Caroline, a thirty something women with a young three year old daughter was also dressed a lot younger than she used to. A tight red blouse, a black leather skirt, black nylons and matching four inch heels. She also noticed that Caroline's breasts were very large and her nipples protruded ever so slightly.

"Take a seat, Mrs. Martin," Caroline offered.

"Oh, it's Kimberly," Kimberly said, trying to make this as casual as she could.

Once seated, "I have a picture of the cut you wanted on my phone," Caroline said.

"You do?" Kimberly asked.

"Yes, your daughter sent it to me. As well as the streaks that go with it," Caroline revealed.

"Oh, okay," Kimberly agreed.

"Is that what you want?" Caroline asked, showing Kimberly the photo.

"Yes, it's time for a change," Kimberly said, the thought rather true after years and years of the exact same hairdo.

"Well this will be a change," Caroline agreed, curious as hell of what led to the sudden change in appearance...even though she had an inkling.

Over the next hour they chatted about the usual generic chit-chat like the weather, the upcoming Christmas pageant, holiday plans and so forth.

Kimberly couldn't believe how much the bob haircut changed her look. She looked younger, she looked more hip and she looked radiant. The streaks in her hair also really changed her look. It was then that Mrs. Krandall, the school principal walked in.

Mrs. Krandall's smile got big as she greeted, "Mrs. Martin, what a glorious new look. The outfit and the hair have shed years off your look."

"Thank you," Kimberly replied, appreciating the compliment even as the image of her leading the housewives lesbian club popped into her head.

Mrs. Krandall had received a text from Mistress Cinthia about coming and inviting Kimberly to a special housewives club Monday afternoon. The idea of adding the Reverend's wife to their growing club was too exciting not to do. "You are very welcome," she smiled back.

Kimberly's anxiety hit her hard as she wondered what Mrs. Krandall knew, her smile seemingly to know more than just hello, also her time at the salon was almost over and she really had no idea how to approach Caroline and offer to pay with her tongue...even though her cunt was wet with the idea.

Mrs. Krandall answered the first of her concerns when she moved to Kimberly, bent down and put her hand on the reverend's wife's thigh and whispered, "I expect you at my house at two o'clock on a Monday, is that understood?"

"Y-y-yes," Kimberly stammered, her head spinning from the woman's touch on her thigh, hot breath on her ear and obvious implications that she knew more than she should know.

"Good, now go to the washroom and I will send Caroline back so you can give her a special tip," Mrs. Krandall instructed, slyly biting the MILF's ear before standing back up.

Kimberly's head was spinning, but she stood up, nodded to Mrs. Krandall and headed to the washroom. Time seemed to stand still although it was really less than two minutes, before there was a knock at the door. Kimberly said, "Please come in."

Caroline came in and said, "June said you wanted to speak with me in private."

"I-I-I, um, can I lick your pussy," Kimberly stammered, before just bluntly saying the words she was to say.

"Hmmmmmm," Caroline purred. "She got you too, how deviously delicious."

Kimberly blushed beet red giving away any pretense that she hadn't submitted sexually to her daughter.

Caroline locked the door, hiked up her skirt, revealing she too was wearing thigh highs, hopped onto the counter, spread her legs and said, "Lick away, Mrs. Martin."

Kimberly stared at the shaved cunt in front of her before her before awkwardly moving to Caroline, kneeling between the nylon legs and leaning forward.

As the reverend's wife began licking she quickly shifted from ashamed to eager as the taste of Caroline's cunt, although different than Cinthia's, was still sweetly addicting.

Caroline watched and enjoyed with curiosity. How had Cinthia got her own mother to submit? Had there been any incest activity involved?

Kimberly kept licking, wanting to make it quick so others didn't notice they were gone together for a long period of time and she wanted to get Caroline off and taste her full sweetness.

Caroline, turned on by the nasty act, her thoughts running wild of incestuous submission reached her orgasm quickly as she grabbed Kimberly's head and shoved her face hard against her own cunt as the orgasm hit.

Kimberly could barely breathe, yet she kept licking as the river of cum exploded onto her. She loved the taste and her own cunt burned with need at committing the submissive act.

Once her orgasm had run its course, Caroline let Kimberly's head go and said, not recognizing at all what had just transpired, "I should get back."

Kimberly felt crestfallen. Was she so bad that Caroline didn't say anything at all? She needed to know, as bizarre as it seemed, "Was I good?"

Caroline, who had just got off the counter and adjusted her skirt, smiled, amused at the insecurity of someone who usually walked with such an aura of pretentiousness, "You were not too bad."

Kimberly wasn't sure if that was good or bad but said, "Thank you."

"No, thank you," Caroline said back as she pulled Kimberly off her knees. "You may want to wash up a bit; your messed up make-up is a dead giveaway."

Kimberly looked in the mirror as Caroline unlocked the door and left her alone. Her face was shiny and her make-up was a disaster. She quickly washed her face and applied new make-up before returning to the salon.

As she did, she felt as if everyone could see through her facade of propriety and into her tormented, sexual soul. That said, everyone just went about their business as Caroline paid for her haircut.

Once paid, Kimberly was just returning to her car when her cell buzzed.

Checking the text it was from Cinthia.

Pet Mommy?

I understand you completed task one...good girl.

Task two is as follows. Go to Bethany's and get the FULL treatment. She knows you are coming.

P.S. she is not one of my submissives.

Kimberly sighed, both at another task, although a manicure was definitely needed as was a massage and with relief at going somewhere that didn't know of her transgressions.

Kimberly drove the few blocks and went inside. Bethany brought her to the back where Kimberly was surprised again.

"I was surprised you wanted the full Brazilian," Bethany said.

Kimberly had no idea what a Brazilian was at first, but faked it. "It just seemed time."

"Are you and the minister going somewhere tropical?" Bethany asked.

"Not that I know of," Kimberly joked, the last trip that wasn't church related being their honeymoon and even that was literally anti-climactic.

"Oh, okay," Bethany said, curious at the rather extensive waxing the minister's wife was requesting. "Get completely undressed and lie face down on the bed."

Kimberly had received massages before but they never included getting completely naked. Yet, once Bethany was gone, she got naked curious what a full Brazilian was.

A terrible painful hour later, Kimberly knew full well what a full Brazilian was. She didn't have a hair on her body other than her head. Her cunt was still burning, the lotion only numbing the pain as she headed back to her car.

Kimberly decided she had a new hair-do, a new Brazilian and thus she also needed some new clothes. She drove a few blocks to a fashionable shop she had never been in before and purchased some new outfits. None were scandalous, yet each skirt was a few inches shorter, each blouse a bit tighter, the dresses showcased her curves and the shoes had higher than her usual conservative heels. She also bought some lace bras, a couple thongs and lace panties, a few pairs of thigh high stockings and even a garter-belt and stockings.

Kimberly felt like a different woman. Strangely, she felt liberated. As if the handcuffs of propriety and being a minister's wife were unlocked and she could be a woman again...a living, breathing sexual being.

Kimberly returned to her car and drove home wanting to change into one of her new outfits.

Reaching home, Kimberly was surprised to see no one was home. She went to her room, had a quick shower and dressed in a black thong, black lace bra, matching black garter-belt and stockings, four inch heels, a black leather skirt and a colourful blouse that barely kept in her voluptuous breasts.

Kimberly couldn't wait for Cinthia to see her new look. Her new haircut really changed her look even though she felt bald with so much hair gone. Down below she was as hairless as a new born baby and it still felt strange, although also sexy.

The mother started making supper like she usually would...making Ben's favourite...her special homemade meatloaf.

Just after Kimberly put the meatloaf in the oven, she got a text from Cinthia:

Pet Mommy

Be home for supper. Bringing two guests. Ben won't be joining us.

Mistress C

Kimberly sighed and quivered. Who were the guests? Where was Ben? Why was her pussy already tingling with anticipation? She made a salad, some dinner rolls and mashed potatoes for Cinthia and her unknown guests.

The mother was just pulling the meatloaf out of the oven when the front door opened.

"Mommy, I'm home," Cinthia called out.

A chill went down Kimberly's spine a mixture of anticipation and trepidation at what guests her daughter was bringing. Taking a deep breath, she put the meatloaf on the counter to cool as she went to greet her guests like a good host.

Turning the corner, Kimberly stopped as she saw the two guests. She had assumed, for some reason, they were going to be adults who were already in the web of sin Cinthia had created. Instead they were two of her high school girlfriends, Anna and Cleo. She instantly froze, paranoid that Cinthia was going to out her in front of her friends.

"Mom, you look amazing," Cinthia complimented.

Kimberly replied, liking getting a compliment, "Well the hair was your idea, but then I thought I should also go and get some new, this century, clothing."

"Well, you look very hip Mrs. Martin," Anna complimented.

"Yes, I barely recognized you," Cleo added.

"I barely recognize myself," the flattered mother joked back, even though it was true.

Thankfully, Cinthia behaved herself and other than using her as a maid all night, she kept their secret.

Around ten, Cinthia and the girls left for some party and she whispered in her mother's ear, "Lucy is on her way over."

"Okay," Kimberly said, nervous at having a conversation with Lucy after she had been so critical of her for sexually submitting to Cinthia. Now Kimberly had sinned way more than she had.

"And she knows what happened last night," Cinthia finished, tugging on her mom's ear as she left.

"Oh," Kimberly said, distracted by the hot breath that was just on her ear and no other profound thoughts coming to mind.

Kimberly wasn't home alone five minutes when there was a knock on the door. She opened it and greeted, "Hi, Lucy, it is great to see you."

"You too," Lucy replied, checking out the new look of her best friend. "You look...amazing!"

"I feel it too," Kimberly admitted, a rush of youthful exuberance coming with her makeover and sexual submission.

"May I come in?" Lucy asked, Kimberly still standing in the door way.

"Sorry, of course," Kimberly said, moving aside so Lucy could come in.

Lucy, dressed in a casual blouse, pencil skirt, thigh high beige stockings and six inch heels walked into her best friend's house remembering how the last time she was here she was caught licking Cinthia's cunt.

"Would you like a glass of wine?" Kimberly asked.

"Sure, if you are," Lucy smiled.

"Of course," Kimberly said, going to the kitchen.

Lucy followed her in, checking out her friend's really tight ass, especially in that skirt.

Kimberly poured two glasses of wine, and suggested, "Why don't we retreat to the living room?"

"Sure," Lucy agreed, again following from behind. Lucy wasn't sure what may happen tonight but was told by Mistress Cinthia that Kimberly wanted to see her.

Once both ladies were seated in the same couch, Kimberly said, "I'm sorry for what I said. I was very surprised at the time and hurt."

"I'm sorry too," Lucy apologized. "I never meant to get you pulled into this twisted community."

"Led by my daughter," Kimberly added, checking out Lucy's legs.

"Yes, she is the initiator of a growing group of us," Lucy admitted, noticing her friend's distraction. Lucy allowed her left heel to dangle from her foot, seeing if she was right about Kimberly checking her out.

"I just couldn't believe it," Kimberly said, downing over half her wine, staring at her friend's dangling shoe like it was a hypnotist's watch.

"Oh, it is unexplainable, but she just has a power that people can't say no to," Lucy said, allowing her heel to fall to the floor.

"So I have learned," Kimberly chuckled, finishing her first glass. "Hmmmm, apparently I am thirsty." Kimberly got up and went to the kitchen to grab the bottle of wine. She thought to herself, 'What is becoming of me. I can't even have a conversation with my best friend without getting horny?'

Kimberly poured herself another glass of wine and brought the bottle with her thinking maybe some liquid encouragement may be needed.

Lucy smiled, "Good, you brought the bottle."

Kimberly laughed, "Two great minds thinking alike."

Lucy laughed, standing up and walking to Kimberly, "Let's see if that is really true."

Reaching her best friend, Lucy leaned forward and kissed Kimberly.

Kimberly was only slightly surprised as she opened her mouth and responded passionately. The two friend's tongues explored each other for a couple of minutes before Kimberly whispered, "Oh God Lucy."

"You want to worship me, Kimberly?" Lucy asked.

"Every inch of you," Kimberly admitted, the door opened to sin by her daughter not one she had any interest in closing.

"Worship away," Lucy said, taking the wine and putting it on the table before sitting back on the couch.

Kimberly moved nervously to Lucy, fell to her knees, and took Lucy's stocking-clad foot in her hands. She gently massaged it before lifting it towards her mouth and beginning to suck each toe through the sheer nylon.

Lucy moaned, "Hmmmm, that feels very nice."

Kimberly loved the soft feel of Lucy's nylons in her hands and on her lips. Once each toe had been sucked, she slid her tongue down the bottom of Lucy's sole.

Lucy giggled, "That tickles."

Kimberly kissed Lucy's heel and then replicated the attention on Lucy's other foot.

Lucy moaned, "No one has ever spent such focus on my feet before."

"I want to worship all of you, Mistress," Kimberly said, using the word that could change everything.

"Mistress," Lucy repeated. "You sure you want to be my pet."

"Just tell me what to do," Kimberly said, loving the feeling of giving up control.

"Take off your skirt," Lucy ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly agreed, standing up and sliding out of the skirt.

"A garter-belt and stockings, delicious," Lucy purred. "But good pets don't wear underwear."

"Even sexy underwear like this?" Kimberly said, turning around to showcase her ass in the thin thong.

"Well that is tough to argue," Lucy laughed, before instructing, "Remove it anyway."

"Of course, Mistress," Kimberly agreed, slowly sliding out of the tiny piece of underwear.

"Do you like my heels?" Lucy asked.

"They are very nice," Kimberly said.

"Six inches," Lucy said. "They almost killed me the first time your daughter made me wear them."

"Understandable," Kimberly said, unable to fathom wearing such heels herself.

"But they do have another under-utilized purpose," Lucy smiled.

"What would that be?" Kimberly asked curious.

"They make a good makeshift fuck-toy," Lucy revealed.

"Oh my," Kimberly said surprised by her friends words.

"Fuck yourself with my heel, my pet," Lucy instructed.

"Yes, Mistress," Kimberly agreed, her cunt soaked from just sucking on Lucy's toes. She bent down, grabbed the heel and paused, unsure where to sit to do this.

"Fuck yourself standing up, Kimberly. Good little sluts can come anywhere, anytime and in any position," Lucy explained.

"O-o-okay," Kimberly said, thinking how awkward this would be. She moved the lengthy thin heel to her pussy and began to rub it between her pussy lips. "Mmmmmm," she moaned, as the heel parted her pussy lips.

"Don't tease that cunt of yours, fuck it Kimberly. Fuck it like you allowed your son to fuck your pussy," Lucy said, purposely pushing her friend.

Kimberly blushed at her naughty, incestuous submission and the reality her best friend knew of her twisted obedience. She slid the end of the heel inside her burning box as she asked, "Don't you think it was wrong what I did with Cinthia and Ben?"


"Oh God yes. It was sinful, naughty, immoral and fucking hot," Lucy said. "Knowing behind your serious facade of respectability is a dirty incest slut is the hottest fucking thing ever."

"You know just the right words to say," Kimberly joked, even though the truth was Lucy's words only enhanced her pleasure. She loved being called names, being seen for who she really was.

"You loved your son's cock pounding your ass, didn't you?" Lucy questioned as she came and took the shoe and began fucking Kimberly's cunt faster with it.

"Please, don't," the embarrassed mother began.

"Don't what?" Lucy asked, stopping fucking her friend's cunt.

"Please don't stop fucking my slut cunt," Kimberly said, frustrated Lucy had stopped.

"Then tell me the truth. Did you like Ben pounding that tight ass of yours?" Lucy asked.

"Yes, dammit, I fucking loved it," Kimberly admitted.

"Loved what?" Lucy questioned, wanting to hear Kimberly talk nasty.

"I fucking loved my son sodomizing my ass in church while I ate my daughter's cunt like the incest mommy slut I am," Kimberly answered, her own self-degradation sending chills of pleasure through her.

"That is hot," Lucy purred, continuing to fuck Kimberly with the heel of the shoe.

"So is fucking my cunt with your heel," Kimberly pointed out.

"Touché," Lucy laughed, as she began to really pump the heel in and out of her friend.

"Oh God, Lucy," Kimberly moaned. "I'm going to come pretty soon."

"Come on my heel, my slut," Lucy purred, kissing her friend's neck.

"Oh yes, yes," Kimberly responded, her orgasm close.

"Come now you dirty Mommy-slut," Lucy demanded, biting on her friend's ear.

"Fuuuuuuuuuck," Kimberly screamed as her legs gave out and her orgasm hit her, accidentally allowing the heel of the shoe to go deeper in her.

Lucy held her friend up by the heel in Kimberly's cunt as the orgasm riddled through her.

Eventually, Lucy pulled out the heel and put it on Kimberly's lips. Kimberly opened her mouth and sucked her own pussy juice off the makeshift fuck toy.

Lucy said, moving back to the couch, "Now let's see if your tongue is as amazing as Mistress says it is."

Kimberly watched her best friend slide out of her skirt, revealing a shaved pussy and not surprisingly, thigh highs. Her mouth watered at the task she was about to commit no longer remotely caring about dignity or her role as a minister's wife.

Lucy sat back down, parted her legs and offered, "Come and get it, my pet."

Kimberly didn't hesitate as she moved to her best friend, fell to her knees and buried her face in the shaved cunt. She began licking tentatively, wanting to explore and savor her friend's pussy. Already wet, the taste was instantly addicting and Kimberly wanted to have it all.

Lucy watched, amused at her best friend, the most proper woman she knew, licking her cunt.

The next few minutes Kimberly continued to slowly lick and probe Lucy's pussy while Lucy just closed her eyes and enjoyed having her cunt licked.

Lucy's orgasm was building when she was startled by a voice.

"Well, Merry Christmas to me," Ben said, as he walked in on his mother and his stroke fantasy Lucy having sex.

Lucy stammered, pushing Kimberly's tongue away, "It's n-n-not what it looks like."

"It looks like my mother is eating your cunt," Ben said smiling.

Kimberly, oddly not embarrassed at being caught, this wasn't as bad as being caught in church with her daughter, said, "Are you going to join us?"

"Great idea," Ben smiled, beginning to pull down his pants.

Lucy protested, "I can't cheat on Donald."

"You already have," Kimberly pointed out.

"It's not cheating if it is same sex," Lucy illogically rationalized.

"That is absurd," Kimberly said, as Ben walked to the two hot MILF's.

Ben laughed too, as he moved his stiff cock in front of Lucy and said, "Is oral sex cheating then?"

As Lucy opened her mouth to answer, Ben slid his cock in-between her lips.

Lucy's brief moral resistance ended, as she began bobbing back and forth on the big stiff cock in her mouth...a cock much bigger than her husband's.

Kimberly resumed licking her friend's wet cunt.

Ben said, "That's it Lucy, I have fantasized about this for years."

Lucy took Ben's cock out if her mouth and asked coyly, "What did you fantasize about?"

"Making you my little slut," Ben admitted.

Lucy looked up at Ben and asked, "What does that include?"

"Get on all fours on the couch," Ben ordered.

Lucy quickly obeyed, her cunt burning from Kimberly's tongue and the anticipation of a big cock in her.

"Good girl," Ben ordered, as he moved behind her.

Kimberly moved to the couch to watch her son fuck her best friend.

Ben rubbed his cock up and down Lucy's pussy lips as he asked, "Ready, Lucy?"

"God, yes," Lucy moaned, as she was dying to have that big cock fill her cunt.

Ben moved his cock up a couple of inches and began sliding his cock in Lucy's ass.

"Oh myyyyyy God," Lucy screamed, surprised by the cock sliding in her ass.

"I just love fucking women in the ass," Ben grunted, as his cock disappeared between Lucy's ass cheeks.

"I have neeever had anything so big in my assssssss," Lucy whimpered, through clenched teeth.

"Lick her cunt, Mother," Ben ordered.

"Of course, Master," Kimberly smiled, returning to the floor, crawling awkwardly between both Lucy's and Ben's legs and resumed licking Lucy's very wet cunt.

The tongue on Lucy's cunt slowly dissipated the burn in her ass as Ben continued to slowly fill it.

Ben groaned, "Almost all in, Lucy."

"Okkkkkkkay," Lucy replied, still clenching her teeth.

"Ready to really get ass fucked, Lucy," Ben asked, once all his cock was in the MILF's ass.

"Oh God, be gentle," Lucy pleaded, worried he would rip her ass apart.

"I'll go slowly until you are begging for me to pound your ass," Ben promised.

"Okay," Lucy agreed, completely at the mercy of Ben and his big cock.

Ben had taken a few girls' anal cherry and knew the key was to go very slowly at first. To get the girl's ass used to his big cock and eventually she would be begging to be fucked hard...just like his mother had.

Ben slowly moved his cock in and out of Lucy's ass while Kimberly continued to slowly lick her pussy.

Lucy was slowly getting used to a cock in her ass, the burn was still there but it was simmering as a strange feeling of pleasure began to build.

A couple more minutes of slow ass fucking and Lucy wanted more. She wanted to be fucked...to be used. She begged, "Oh God Ben, fuck my ass, fuck it like you did Kimberly."

Ben obliged with a confident smile as he shifted from slow to medium strokes knowing the MILF would be begging soon for harder deeper thrusts.

Lucy couldn't believe the quivering pleasure that was coursing through her from the cock in her ass and the tongue on her cunt. She could feel her orgasm building and after a couple more minutes of getting ass fucked she begged, "Fuck the shit out of me, Ben, slam that big hard cock in my ass, baby."

Ben thrust deep and Lucy screamed, "Fucccking, yes."

Ben slammed into Lucy, his whole body crashing into hers.

"Yes, yes," Lucy moaned, loving the complete submission at the hands of this sexy stud.

Kimberly sucked Lucy's clit between her lips, sensing Lucy was close.

"I'm going to come," Lucy declared.

"Come my little MILF slut," Ben ordered, continuing to ream her tight ass.

"Oh yes, yes, oh, oh, oh, fuuuuck," Lucy screamed as she came, flodding Kimberly's face with her cum.

Ben grunted, a moment later, "I'm going to come in your ass my little ass slut."

"Oh yes, fill my ass with your seed," Lucy whimpered, as her orgasm continued to riddle through her.

"Aaaaah," Ben grunted, as he shot rope after rope of his cum in the MILF's perfect ass.

Kimberly kept licking and retrieving all her friend's cum until Ben pulled out and ordered, "Suck my cum from Lucy's ass, Mom."

Kimberly didn't hesitate as she moved behind Lucy's ass and began to awkwardly retrieve her son's cum.

Lucy moaned, "You really are one sick little slut."

"Takes one to know one," Kimberly quipped back.

A couple minutes later, Lucy turned around and sat down and asked, "So Ben, do you have one more load in you?"

"Of course," Ben shrugged, his cock still semi-erect.

"I really want to see you fuck your mom," Lucy said.

"I think that can be arranged," Ben smiled, snapping his fingers and pointing to his cock.

Kimberly quickly moved to her son and took his cock between her lips, preparing it for herself.

"Fuck that is hot," Lucy said, watching the incest act.

"Wait till you see this," Ben smugly said, moving to a chair and sitting down. "Come ride me, Mommy."

Kimberly glanced at Lucy who was smiling before moving to Ben, straddling his cock, and slowly lowering herself on it.

"That's it Mommy," Ben groaned, as she engulfed his cock in her hot cunt. "Ride me, Mommy."

Kimberly eagerly obeyed, bouncing up and down on her son's cock, all the while looking at Lucy. "Fuck, your cock feels so good in Mommy's cunt."

"Take it all in, Mommy," Ben ordered, bucking his cock up to meet her downward thrusts.

"Fuuuuuuck, Ben," Kimberly screamed, as his cock went deeper than humanly possible inside her.

"Take it all, Mommy," Ben grunted.

"Do I have a choiiiiice?" Kimberly quipped as she continued riding her son's cock.

Lucy was rubbing her clit while watching the hot incest act, her pussy on fire.

"Does Lucy want to see something even kinkier?" Ben asked.

"Kinkier than your mother riding your cock?" Lucy asked.

"Yes," Ben smiled.

"I can't fathom what would be kinkier, but fuck yeah," Lucy replied curiously.

Ben ordered, "Mom, put your feet on my legs."

"Okay," Kimberly agreed.

Kimberly awkwardly got in that position, while Ben held her by the hips.

"Now lower that ass of yours on my cock, Mommy," Ben instructed.

"Oh God," Kimberly and Lucy both said simultaneously.

Kimberly obeyed, staring at Lucy the whole time, as she slowly, awkwardly, lowered her ass onto Ben's cock.

"That's it," Ben grunted.

Kimberly continued to slowly lower her ass on her son's cock as he held her hips firmly. In this position, her ass easily took his cock and it felt surreal. Once she had most of his cock in her ass, she began to ride his cock.

Lucy watched in awe before deciding to join the incest twosome, turning it into a threesome. She moved between both of them and took Ben's balls in her mouth.

Ben groaned, "The only thing better than one MILF slut is two."

Lucy sucked one of his balls into her mouth, while Kimberly continued riding her son's cock.

Ben sat back, held onto his mom and enjoyed the pleasure both sexy sluts were giving him...in no hurry to come.

Lucy continued to pleasure Ben's balls and Kimberly, finally comfortable, began really riding her son's cock in her ass.

Kimberly moaned, "Oh God Ben, I love your cock sooo much."

Ben grunted, "Come from getting your ass fucked, Mommy-slut."

"Oh God, Ben, call me names," Kimberly asked, knowing she was close.

"Come now, ass slut, Mommy whore, cunt licking dyke, come now, or I'll finish off in your whore friend here," Ben threatened.

"Oh yes, Ben, I'm your sluuuuuuut," Kimberly screamed, as her orgasm cascaded through her.

Lucy moved to her friend's cunt and began savoring her cum.

Kimberly collapsed on her son's cock and just allowed her orgasm to flood out of her, Lucy's tongue only enhancing her pleasure.

Eventually, Ben lifted his mother off of him, carried her to the couch, turned around and slid his cock in Lucy's mouth. Close to coming, he fucked the MILF's face roughly.

Lucy concentrated on not gagging, not used to having such a big cock in her mouth, or having her face fucked. Yet, it turned her on immensely as she continued to rub herself.

Ben grunted a couple of minutes later and exploded his load down Lucy's throat.

Lucy eagerly swallowed all Ben's seed while Kimberly watched from the couch.

Ben pulled out, bent down and kissed Lucy. Breaking the kiss, Ben went and kissed his mother. "Good night, ladies."

As soon as Ben was gone, Lucy sat back on the couch and said, "Watching you two fuck was the hottest thing ever, now come finish what you started earlier."

Kimberly returned to her knees, between Lucy's legs and began licking.

"I can't wait till Monday, Kimberly," Lucy said.

Kimberly looked up and asked, "What do you mean?"

"The special housewives club where you are going to be initiated into our special group," Lucy smiled, grabbing Kimberly by the hair and pulling her deep into her cunt.

Kimberly licked and licked as she pondered what would happen Monday. Her cunt tingled at the possibilities, even as she knew each of these decisions was pulling her deeper and deeper into submission. Yet, she knew she would be there Monday, ready to obey whatever orders she was given.

THE END...for now.


