"Pet Mommy": Becoming a Mommy-Slut!
bysilkstockingslover©

Summary: MILF Mom catches nerdy son masturbating and becomes obsessed.

NOTE 1: This is a Nude Day 2012 contest story so please enjoy and vote. Also, please be patient as the connection to Nude Day takes time to develop.

NOTE 2: This is dedicated to Michael who suggested a story involving a son masturbating with his Mom's stockings.

NOTE 3: Thanks to Estragon for copy-editing and LaRascasse for plot suggestions.

*

If you are a parent you have probably read, or even own, What to Expect When You Are Expecting and other self-help parenting books. Many have been very useful over the years, as I raised my two children on my own after my husband's premature death, when Crystal was four and Michael two. The books were helpful when I struggled to deal with my daughter's teenage rebellion phase and they were somewhat helpful as I dealt with my son's coming of age, although truth be told I let my brother help out with that one.

Yet, nothing in any book I have read could have prepared me for what I saw that one fateful day, because I am pretty sure there is no chapter called 'What To Do When You Catch Your Son Masturbating With Your Stockings'.

I sell real estate and for many reasons I am quite successful; I am hard working, a people's person and am still quite attractive. The three together are a lethal combination and I have made a very comfortable living for myself and my two children. Sixteen years after Jake had passed, Crystal was in college a couple of hours away, and Michael, who just turned eighteen two weeks before the incident, was in his last two months of high school.

While Crystal was the wild child who did way more partying than studying and who brought me my first grey hair, Michael was shy, geeky and was way more likely to play some computer game than go to a party. I worried about Michael, who was academically very strong and already accepted by some colleges and all on scholarship, but was socially quite inept. He had never had a girlfriend and the only parties he had ever gone to were with his three equally socially challenged friends and included things like Lord of the Rings night, Star Wars night, the original and not the weak prequels (why does George Lucas attempt to write?), and most recently, at my house, the Harry Potter weekend, where they watched all eight movies, all the extras and made a list of the 100 things the movies got wrong (which they actually read to me very enthusiastically). Which brings me to what started it all....

I came home early after two appointments were cancelled. I slipped out of my heels and was going to my room to undress and shower when I noticed the light of my room was on, and I knew I hadn't left it on. Cautiously, I peeked around the corner and into my room. On my bed stroking his cock with one of my thigh high stockings was my son. I barely caught the gasp that was about to escape my lips. My son was jerking off on my bed and seemingly reading something on his laptop, as his moans of pleasure increased. I was frozen in shock and my legs felt trapped in cement; I couldn't take my eyes off my son and his shockingly large cock.

It was only a minute, maybe two, before my son moaned, "Oh yes, Mommy, suck my cock, be a good Mommy slut."

I couldn't completely hold in the gasp this time, as I realized he was not only masturbating using my stockings, he was masturbating about me. Luckily, he was clearly in his own fantasy world and did not hear my slight sound.

A couple of minutes later, including my son using my name three more times, he grunted, "I'm coming Mommy, swallow my cum." Seconds later his sticky white stuff shot out in the air like a rocket.

I quickly retreated back down the stairs, snuck out of my own house and to my car. I couldn't believe what I had just seen and heard. My son fantasized about me. I was mortified and doubly mortified when I felt an undeniable dampness in my panties.

Why was I wet?

Why was I suddenly so horny?

Did he really call me a Mommy-slut?

I shook the thoughts out of my head and pulled out of my driveway to see if a drive would let me put what I saw in perspective.

An hour later, close to when I was supposed to be home, I walked in the house and called out, just in case, "Michael, I'm home."

Michael called out from his room, "Hi, Mom."

I went to his room, the door open, and asked, while he was on his computer, "Want pizza?"

"Sounds great," he answered, completely unaware of what I knew.

It was hard to believe that what I saw just an hour ago was real. The rest of the evening was normal: supper, watching Jeopardy together and him going to his room and his computer while I watched television, planned showings for tomorrow and relaxed.

At bedtime, I tossed and turned, as the image of my son masturbating, and thinking about me doing it, refused to leave my mind. My vagina was tingling and although I tried to deny the temptation to pleasure myself, I eventually gave in. Closing my eyes, I fantasized, like I always did, of my late husband, the perfect man who left me way too soon. He understood my submissive nature in the bedroom, the polar opposite of my personality in public, where I was in charge and a no-nonsense woman. A feminist in most people's eyes. I imagined myself on all fours, the way he usually fucked me, so he could fuck whichever hole suited his fancy, as when we were alone and intimate he treated me like the slut I craved to be; yet, in public he was the perfect gentleman and husband, putting up the facade of a vanilla life, which was all anyone would see. This fantasy or reminiscing of the 'good times' always got me off quickest and I was close in only a few minutes.

As I got close to climax, my mind played tricks on me and suddenly it was not my husband pounding me from behind, but my son. So close to coming I kept pleasuring myself until the crescendo of pleasure washed through me and I heard my son order, "Come Mommy, come from your son's big hard cock!"

The orgasm was more intense than most I self-created and I collapsed onto my bed a bundle of sweat. As I recovered from the best orgasm in a long, long time, I gasped at what had turned the tide, so to speak. I couldn't believe it was my son replacing his father in the dream. I couldn't believe how hot and bothered it had made me both during the fantasy and what I saw him doing earlier today. After some thought, I realized it was a mixture of exhaustion, loneliness, missing Jake and shocked at seeing my son in such an intimate act. Comfortable with my conclusion, I drifted to sleep and had the best rest I had had in a long, long time.

**********

Next morning, as Michael came down for breakfast, I suddenly realized just how much he looked like Jake. Jake was more built, but he too was rather nerdy in appearance and hid his naughty sexuality quite well. Once my son went to school, curiosity got the better of me. I went to his room and flipped open his laptop. I typed in his password which was as predictable as could be, PrincessLeia, and searched the sites he was on yesterday afternoon. I knew this was wrong, and a major violation of privacy, yet wondering what he was reading or watching while masturbating about me was driving me nuts. His websites yesterday were mostly the usual geek sites, but one wasn't and there were a few of them, all beginning with Literotica. I had never heard of the site, but as I looked at the url's, I gasped. They were all stories about incest, with titles like Making Mommy Mine, What Mom Doesn't Know Will Fuck Her, Pet Mommy, Riding on Son's Lap and Mom's Stocking Stuffer.

I wrote down the titles, not wanting to leave any evidence of my parental violation of privacy and logged out of the Internet. Curious, I searched the word 'mom' on his files and noticed a plethora of stories saved. I was shocked at the obvious revelation that my son wanted to have sex with me, or at least it was his biggest fantasy. Yet I could not even begin to fathom how to deal with this knowledge.

I logged out of his computer and realizing the time, headed out for my first showing of the day. Strangely, all day at work I couldn't shake my new-found knowledge, couldn't shake how obsessed I had become with the need to learn more.

Once my showing day was done, I headed home, oddly hoping to catch him in the act again, although completely unsure what I would do if I did or for that matter why I was hoping I did. I didn't want to have sex with my son, did I?

When I got home, he was downstairs gaming with his friend Frederick, the poster boy for geek if there ever was one. I ordered pizza for them and as they gamed, I fired up my laptop, curious to read the stories he had been stroking to yesterday.

As I read story after story, I was shocked at both the content of the stories and what the stories were doing to me. My pussy was on fire and my left hand slowly pleasured myself as I read each incest story. Some of the stories had dominant sons seducing their mothers, while others had powerful daughters dominating their mothers, while others were more intimate in the sexual relationship between son and mother. I had never even remotely considered either of my children in a sexual way, but yesterday's events, as well as these vivid, hot stories brought the thought that was now crossing my mind. I was close to reaching orgasm while reading a story about a son fucking his mom's ass when the phone rang. I grabbed the phone, leaving the bubbling just beneath the surface to simmer and then fade away, as I talked to my overbearing mother about many things, including the never ending conversation about finding myself a man. By the time I was off the phone, I was frustrated, like I usually was after a conversation with my mother, and thankfully no longer horny. Looking at the clock and realizing the pizza would be here any minute, I went downstairs to check on the boys who were still, as far as I could tell, playing the same game and in the exact same spots as they were when I left. I got the boys some drinks and couldn't help but notice my son checking out my legs as I walked away.

As I returned to the kitchen, conflicting emotions swarmed over me. The more I looked at my son, the more I saw his father; the thought that I turned my son on was both flattering and yet wrong...that being the case why was I not mortified by it? Deciding to test if my son was just turned-on by the idea of incest or really obsessed with me, I decided to showcase my assets.

After the pizza arrived, I brought them slices on plates, being sure to bend down enough to give a quick flash of my breasts and, when moving up, showing just a quick flash of my lace stocking tops. Grabbing my own pizza, I sat on a chair to the left of them and, flipping off my four-inch heels and saying dramatically enough to make sure I got their attention, which I was pretty confident I already had anyway, said, "My feet are killing me."

Reclining my chair and leaning back, my silk stocking-clad feet and legs were on full display for both of the eighteen year old boys. As expected, my joining them caused complete havoc between them, as if these Mensa candidates' boys brains shut off the minute their erections grew. The thought that I had such power over young boys at my age was also quite a turn-on.

I already knew Frederick had a thing for me as he practically stammered every time he talked to me and could never look me in the eye, his eyes always staring at my chest. But watching my son attempt to take quick glimpses of my legs every few seconds was amusing.

Once I finished eating, I stood up and stretched in front of the two horny eighteen year olds, which allowed for my skirt to ride up more than socially acceptable and allowed my large breasts to be showcased in all their grandeur.

Once I assuredly had their cocks begging for release from their pants, I added to their situation by bending down to grab their empty plates lingering just long enough for each of them to peek down my ample cleavage. I dressed to impress on my job, professional but sexy, and leaving lots to the imagination, and I was still in my business attire that showcased all my assets.

Leaving the boys alone, I stopped where they would think I was gone, but was just in earshot. As expected, Frederick said, "Holy shit, Michael, your Mom is such a MILF."

"Fuck off," my son countered, clearly uncomfortable with his friend checking out his mom.

"Seriously," Frederick continued, "I saw both her stocking tops and her bra."

"No seriously, don't talk about my Mom that way," my son snapped, anger riding in his voice.

Frederick, a lot like Sheldon from the Big Bang Theory, could not read social cues and continued, "Sorry man, but you have to admit you have a hot mom."

Snapping completely, Michael said, "Yes, I know my Mom is hot, I live with her and see her every day, but I am sick and tired of my friends and all the other losers at school talking about how they want to fuck my mom."

Finally catching on, Frederick said, "Sorry, Michael, I didn't mean to insult you."

Suddenly calm, Michael said, dismissing the topic completely, "Forget about it, let's finish this game."

I returned to the kitchen, flattered at my son's adamant defence of me and surprised by the crap he apparently had to deal with because I was his mother. I cleaned up in the kitchen, and dealt with the bills when Frederick left and my son went directly to his room.

I don't know why I thought this, but the first thought in my head was 'I wonder if he is going to jerk off'. The second thought surprised me: 'I wonder if I could see his cock again'. The third thought, which I quickly dismissed, was why I was excited by the thought of seeing his cock again? I was beginning to learn once my pussy began tingling, my moral compass quickly pointed due south. I quietly climbed the stairs and listened at the door, but could hear nothing. It was at this moment, my cunt tingling like it hadn't in years, that I decided I was going to make my son's fantasies a reality.

I took a deep breath and opened his door, but was disappointed to see him on his laptop completely dressed, although he did quickly, and guiltily, close his computer. I walked to his bed and sat on the edge beside him, my skirt again riding up just enough to tease, and opened with, "Michael, thank you for standing up for me."

"What?" he asked, genuinely confused and clearly uncomfortable. I didn't catch him in the act, but I had obviously caught him in preparation for the act, which the box of Kleenex beside him clearly insinuated.

"I heard what you and Frederick were talking about," I admitted.

"Oh, God," he said, his face flushed.

"I am really sorry if my looks have caused you problems with your peers," I said, my hand seemingly haphazardly going to my son's leg.

This distracted him greatly as he stammered, "I-I-it's ok. Better to have a pretty mom than an ugly one."

"You think I am pretty?" I asked coyly, as if I was shocked by this.

Still flustered, he answered, "Y-y-yes and so does every friend of mine and the majority of guys in my school."

"Well thank you, Michael. At my age such compliments don't happen as often as when I was a teenager and in my prime," I smiled.

"M-m-mom, I-I-I think you are definitely still in your prime," he complimented me, his face red as a tomato. I could see why he never had a girlfriend, he was nervous as hell just talking to me and I was his mother.

I leaned in and kissed him on the cheek, lingering there just a second or two longer than I usually did, and said, "You know just the right words to say, my dear."

I stood up and said, leaving him with an insinuation he would not yet understand, "Thanks again Michael, you are turning out to be just like your father."

I left his room and counted to ten before re-entering and seeing him close his laptop second time. "Sorry honey, but could you be a dear and unzip Mommy," I asked, my voice syrupy sweet, and using the word 'Mommy' instead of 'Mom,' just a small, but subtle, change in our relationship.

He moved his laptop off his lap, paused for a moment clearly trying to figure out how to hide his obvious erection before he came to me. I turned around and felt his hands shake as he awkwardly unzipped my skirt.

I turned around and kissed him again on the cheek. "Thanks honey."

He sheepishly replied, "You are welcome, Mom."

I considered allowing my skirt to accidentally fall to the ground, but I thought that might give him a coronary and left the room. Back in my room, I undressed, and jumped in the shower where my shower head and I had a very intimate moment while I planned the seduction of my son.

**********

One thing about me, is once I decide I want something I do everything in my power to get it. And once I had decided I was going to seduce my son, it was all I thought about...it became an obsession and like most of my relationships with men...a game of sorts...where I controlled everything up to the main event before allowing my submissive side out to play.

After he left for school the next morning, I returned to his laptop and this time checked his favorites. Most were game sites, but there were three Literotica websites, as well as a pantyhose site. The first Literotica site was simply the new list of stories updated each day, the second was the top incest stories by score apparently, but the third was the one that gave me lots of information about my son's kinks. It was a search engine with the following tags: mom, son, submission.

I clicked on the search button and was surprised to see 313 stories with those key words. I read a few, my pussy again on fire and came to realize what he wanted: his mom, in stockings, to be his personal plaything. It should have appalled me, yet instead all I could think about was my long dormant sexual needs being met like they hadn't since my Jake, Michael's father, died. I fingered myself to orgasm while fantasizing about my son becoming the dominant lover I had been searching for and craving for so long. After another great orgasm washed through me, I put his computer away after erasing today's browsing history, and headed out to work.

Staying in my business attire, I made supper and noticed Michael taking glances at my legs all evening. Once the dishes were done, I asked, "Michael, can you do me a big favor?"

"Anything, Mom," he replied like the sweetheart he was.

"Will you give Mommy a foot massage?" I asked with a warm smile, again using 'Mommy' instead of 'Mom', which I noticed was the word most used in stories of incest submission.

Michael's face instantly went red and he stammered, "S-s-sure, Mom."

I grabbed his hands, entwining them together like a couple would do, and led him to the couch. I gently pushed him to the couch, sat on the other end and flipped my silk stocking-clad legs and feet onto his lap. I could read his nervousness written all over his face as he just froze.

I lifted my left stockinged foot and tapped his nose playfully. "My feet won't get massaged by themselves, honey."

His face ruby red, he stuttered yet again, "S-s-sorry Mom." He nervously grabbed my left foot and began to tenderly massage my foot. In seconds, I felt his member grow underneath my right leg. I couldn't resist smiling knowing what I was doing to my son.

I opened my legs slightly, not enough to be slutty and let him see my panties, but enough to get a glimpse of my stocking tops. We were silent for a few minutes as I watched him, amused at his concentration, massaging my feet. Finally, I asked, "Could you do my other foot now, sweetheart?"

"Sure, Mom," he replied, switching feet and not stammering this time, clearly enjoying the task.

I started the conversation. "So do you have a girlfriend yet, Michael?"


Instantly he was sheepish. "No."

"Why not?" I asked, "You are a great catch."

"Girls in high school don't think that," he sighed, continuing to massage my right stocking-clad foot.

"You are smart, sweet and very handsome," I complimented, slyly.

"You have to say that, you are my Mom," he pointed out, not taking my sincere compliment.

"Don't you do that," I said, scolding him.

"Do what?" he asked, startled by my sudden change in tone.

"Put yourself down," I said, moving my foot away and leaning into him for a hug, my hand accidentally landing directly on his stiff cock. My son's eyes went wide, but I didn't move my hand as I leaned in and whispered, slightly seductively, "You look just like your father and he was the sexiest man I ever met. You have the same eyes, the same smile and," I gave a gentle squeeze to his fully erect cock, "apparently you inherited something else from your dad."

Before he could respond, I kissed him on the lips quickly and stood up. Brushing my skirt back down, I said, "Thanks honey, your hands felt amazing on my aching soles, but now I am going for a shower." I started to walk away before pausing, turning around and pointing to his crotch, "you probably should look after that. I think it is about to burst."

My son stared at me in stunned silence as I left him high and hard.

For the second straight day, my shower head and I became very intimate as I continued thinking about the completion of my plan.

**********

The next morning, I was dressed in a black skirt, a white blouse and beige thigh high stockings when Michael joined me for breakfast. We chatted casually about school until I stood up and said, "Dammit, I have a run in my stocking." I put my leg on the chair right beside my very captivated son, and slid the stocking down my leg. My son's eyes watched the entire removal. Changing legs, I took off the second stocking complaining, "I don't have any more in this color, so I guess I'm going shopping before my first showing." I kissed my son on the forehead and left the stockings on the chair as bait, leaving him alone as I headed out.

I waited five minutes and returned to the house hoping to catch him. As expected, he was pumping away on his big cock, with one of my stockings on his cock. I watched for a minute before walking in from behind and saying, "I forgot my purse, Michael."

He quickly pulled up his pants and stammered, "Oh my god, Mom, I am so-so-so sorry."

Hiding the growing desire to grab his cock, I replied, flirtation dripping in every syllable I spoke, "Oh honey, it is ok, masturbating is natural, I assume you did it last night. Actually, truth be told, I did it myself last night...twice."

"Mom!" he gasped, still frantically fumbling to get his pants on, my stocking still on his cock.

"And feel free to keep my stockings if that is your thing," I offered with a coy smile.

"Mom!" he repeated, still humiliated to be caught in the act by his mom.

"You have a stocking fetish too?" I asked, with a sexy smile on my face. "You really are just like your father," I said, grabbing my purse and leaving before he had time to respond.

I drove away, knowing another seed had been planted.

I returned home after lunch, flipped open his computer, went to the Literotica website and opened the story Making Mommy Mine. I left it on that story and returned to work, leaving giving yet one more tease for my son.

A long day of showings, including two last minute additions, meant I did not get home till after seven. I came in, slipped out of my heels, went upstairs and knocked on Michael's door.

I heard a very nervous voice say, "Come in."

I entered and sat on the edge of his bed and rubbed my stocking-clad feet. I wasn't even lying when I said, "My feet are killing me."

He was staring at my perfectly manicured feet and red toenails, unable to make eye contact with me.

I asked sweetly, "Michael, could you please massage my feet again, like you did yesterday?"

"S-s-sure, Mom," he stammered, standing up.

"Come to Mommy," I beckoned, my finger calling him over and my tone dripping with sultry seduction.

He shyly obeyed.

I moved up on his bed to lie on his pillows and ordered, as I patted the bed, "Come join me on the bed."

He did, never once making eye contact with me. He sat at the end of his bed and took my right foot in his hands and began massaging me. My legs were parted more than yesterday and if he looked up he would get a very clear look of my black panties...which after only a few seconds he did. He quickly looked away flustered. Over the next couple of minutes, he continued to take quick peeks between my legs as he continued the massage, his face redder than hell itself. I purposely would open and close my legs slightly to distract him. As he switched feet, I asked, "So, how was school today?"

He sighed, "Boring as usual."

"Any hotties on the horizon?"

"Not even on the radar," he replied, his confidence still non-existent.

"Why not?" I asked, letting out a soft moan from his massage, adding, "you sure have the magic touch with your hands."

Surprised by the compliment, he stammered, "R-r-really?"

"Yes really, you have me so relaxed now," I said, allowing another moan to escape my lips.

Just then my cell phone rang and I cursed to myself. I grabbed it and was asked if I could show a house in twenty minutes. I agreed and sighed, reluctantly getting up and saying, "Did you know that tomorrow is Nude Day?"

"It is?" he asked.

"Yep. I wonder how average people celebrate Nude Day?" I asked, my smile implying something naughty.

"I-um-I don't know," he answered, clearly rattled by the odd question.

At the door, I paused and asked, "While I am gone, why don't you check that Literotica site and read some of those contest stories and see what regular people do."

His mouth dropped like it would hit the floor, and I turned and left, a new plan formulating in my mind.

**********

The next day, I scheduled myself off from 3 o'clock on, declining a 4 o'clock showing, determined to finish seducing my son. I got home, showered, dressed in only white thigh highs and an apron to cover my freshly shaved cunt, and started cleaning the house. At 4 o'clock, I put the casserole in the oven and was just making a salad when Michael came home. When he walked in the kitchen, he froze as he stared at me, my voluptuous breasts barely concealed by the apron. I asked, "Did you know what today is?"

He paused, trying to comprehend the strange sight of his mother almost naked. "Um...."

I explained, "It is Nude Day."

"There is a Nude Day?" he asked, still processing.

"Yes there is silly," I flirted, before adding, "Michael, you are eighteen and old enough to celebrate Nude Day with your Mother. So all clothing is forbidden."

Silence lingered for a while until he stammered, "M-m-mom, this is weird."

I pouted, drawing him in, "Don't you want to celebrate Nude Day with me? Or is your Mother to old?"

He stammered, "N-n-no home that is not it. It is just strange."

"Is it?" I shrugged. "I find it very liberating. It has been years since I went without panties." I quickly lifted the apron to give him a quick flash of my pussy.

"B-b-but you are my M-m-mom," he said, still trying to wrap his head around what was happening, his bulging pants already revealing the impact my body had on him.

"And you are my son. I have seen you naked many times, baby," I rationalized, before adding in my Motherly do-as-you-are-told tone, "Now get undressed, Michael."

"But you are wearing nylons," he pointed out.

"I did that for you." I smiled, walking over to him and kissing his cheek. "Like your father, you clearly have a thing for stockings."

I pulled his shirt over his head and offered, "Unless you want me to completely follow the rules and take the thigh highs off."

"N-n-no, k-k-keep them on," he stammered, shivering at my touch.

"Your wish is my command," I teased, unbuckling his pants, hinting at my submissive nature. He seemed to be holding his breath, so I reminded him, "Breathe, baby, breathe," as I allowed his pants to fall to the floor. His big hard cock was not completely held in by his very unflattering tighty-whities. "We have definitely got to get you some new underwear."

He nodded, unable to speak a word.

"Oh my, Michael, is that because of me?" I asked, my hand going to his cock.

"Oh God," he moaned and went even stiffer the instant my hand brushed his cock.

As I pulled down his underwear, his beautiful cock flopped into the open, giving me the eight inch salute. It took every ounce of my will power to not devour his cock then and there, but I wanted to make him wait a bit longer.

I stood up and went back to finish cutting the salad veggies. Michael hadn't moved an inch since I undressed him so I asked, "Can you pour us some wine?"

"Wine?" he asked.

"Today is a special day, Michael, you can have some wine," I smiled, my tone implying I was soon going to create his very own Literotica story.

He did as instructed, while I finished the salad and pulled the casserole out of the oven. I noticed Michael taking quick glimpses at me every time he could, desperately trying not to be obvious, when he was actually being the exact opposite. I suggested, "Michael, take a seat as Mommy gets your dinner ready."

He sat down and I brought him his plate. I went back and grabbed mine, and after putting my plate on the table, I took off the last piece of fabric that was hiding my breasts and just trimmed pussy. As expected, Michael stared, his mouth open, literally watering. I sat down and began eating and created conversation as if this was the most normal thing in the world.

"So Michael, anything exciting happen at school today?"

Trying to act nonchalant himself, he responded, "Aced my Calculus test."

"Excellent," I smiled. "You are such a good student and such a perfect child."

"Oh Mom," he said embarrassed, the crimson hue rising to his cheeks.

"Seriously, half the teenagers today are drinking, doing drugs, failing school and having sex, but you are a good boy, aren't you?" I asked, my tone demure.

"Yes, because I am a loser," he pointed out, not insulting himself, but just stating the social hierarchy of high school.

"Well, Bill Gates was a loser too, based on your theory," I pointed out, before adding, "most of the so called cool kids in high school end up peaking in high school and doing nothing with their lives."

"You were cool," my son pointed out.

"I'm not now?" I pouted, luring him in.

"Y-y-you are still," he stammered, desperate to rectify any implied insult, "I-I-I just meant, you are successful even though you were cool in high school."

"Aaaah thanks, sexy," I replied warmly, as he blushed at being called sexy, "but I am still successful partly because of my looks and not because of academic prowess like you will be."

"I hope you are right," he said, letting out a soft sigh that implied he wasn't convinced I was right.

"Plus," I added, the seduction moving forward at full throttle, "once the girls see your fucking cock you will have to beat them off with a stick."

"Mom!" Michael replied shocked.

Continuing my sexual flattery, I added, "You heard the saying it isn't the size that counts."

"Yeah," he answered, confused by my intent.

"That is bullshit and said by nice girls to keep up the egos of insecure guys with small peckers," I announced.

"Jesus Christ, Mom," he said, clearly bewildered by the conversation.

"Trust me," I continued, "I have had a wide variety of cocks, but your Dad's was the biggest and the best and your cock is bigger than his."

"I can't believe you are talking about my penis," he said.

"It's a cock, son. A big, and I am guessing, still really hard cock." I smiled, standing up. "Stiff," I continued moving closer, "cock," I finished, reaching him.

He stared at me speechless. Standing above him, in a position of authority, I changed the subject and started asking a few rhetorical questions.

"So you like erotic sex stories, don't you my son?"

He attempted to speak, but I interrupted his stammer, placing my finger to his lips, my big tits just inches above him, my slightly wet pussy directly in front of him.

"And you particularly like erotic stories about sons and mommies, don't you son?"

My hand reached down and wrapped gently around his, as expected, erect ready to burst cock.

"And you seem to have a rather major fascination with stockings too, don't you?" I stood back up, reluctantly letting go off his cock and placing my right foot on his leg, which also gave him a very clear, close-up-and-personal, look at his Mommy's cunt. "Do you like my thigh highs, Michael?"

So stunned, he couldn't even complete the sentence as the sexual attack on his senses overwhelmed him. "I-I-um-I-I-well-I...."

I grabbed his hand and put it on my leg. "Go ahead, son, feel Mommy's stockings."

He obeyed, obsessed, like a kitten with a string, by the silky feeling.

I moaned, "Mmmmm, Michael, your hand feels so nice on Mommy's legs."

A moment later, I put my foot back down and jumped up onto the kitchen table. He looked at me and watched as both my stocking-clad feet, reached his stiff missile. 'Stand by, Houston,' I thought, 'we have liftoff.' He shook at my touch and I, without a word, began to give him a foot job. My legs bent as they were, my trimmed pussy was staring my stunned son in the face, a gaping invitation if there ever was one.

As I slowly moved my stockinged feet up and down on my son's cock, he closed his eyes and apparently let his long held fantasy come true. In less than a minute, he moaned and warned, "Mom, I am going to come."

I purred, like the predator I was, "Come for Mommy, baby, come all over Mommy's stockinged feet. I wore them just for you, baby...everything tonight is just for you."

Simultaneously as I finished speaking, his white goo shot up in the air and most of it landed on my stockings, the rest on the kitchen table and floor. I continued the slow foot masturbation of my son until the last speck of cum was released.

I asked, my voice still syrupy sweet, "Did you like that, baby?"

Michael finally opened his eyes and looked into mine. "T-t-that was amazing, Mom."

"It's Mommy, Michael, isn't that what you want? A full-service Mommy?" I asked, lifting my foot to my mouth and retrieving my son's cum from my foot.

My son's mouth was again wide open in shock, as he watched the obscene act.

"Fuck, you taste delicious," I smiled, switching feet and retrieving more of his cum, before eventually saying, "Actually, I would love to get from directly from the source."

I fell to my knees as my son watched me take his cock in my mouth.

"Oh God," he let out the instant my warm mouth swallowed completely his still erect cock. It had been a long time since I had a teenager, since being a teenager myself, and was grateful for their quick recovery time.

I bobbed slowly up and down on his cock for a couple of minutes before taking his cock out of my mouth and saying, "Oh, I missed some." Continuing to set up the opportunity for him to take control, I leaned to the ground and licked his cum off the floor.

My son, finally catching on it seemed, said, with a confidence I had never heard from him, except for the time I watched him jerk off about me, "Mom, you missed some on the kitchen table."

A smile crossed my lips at the shift in him as I sat back up, still on my knees and looked at the table. Seeing some white goo, I asked, "Does Michael want Mommy to clean up his cum?"

"Yes," he replied, although not with the aggressiveness I had hoped.

I looked at him and said, my hand back on his stiff missile, "Mommy needs directions. Please tell Mommy what you want. She promises to obey every command like a good Mommy, a very obedient Mommy, a pet Mommy like in those stories."

He looked into my eyes, something he had avoided most of the evening, and said, "Clean up my cum, Mommy."

I instantly obeyed, using only my tongue at first to retrieve his white seed. I finished my sucking it up with my lips before turning back to him and asking, my voice as submissive as humanly possible, "Mmmmmmm, did I do good?"

A smile crossed his face for the first time as he finally realized the complete implications of what had just occurred and what I was literally offering him. He asked, slightly hesitant, wanting a final declaration before proceeding (he always was a linear boy) "You really want to be my Mommy-slut?"

I looked up from my submissive position and answered, "I want to be whatever you want me to be."

"Really?" he asked, still trying to accept his good fortune.

"Give me a command," I suggested.

He paused as if he was just given three wishes from a genie and really had to think about what he wanted. "Masturbate," he ordered, with a vague resemblance of confidence.

Without hesitation, still on my knees, I moved my left hand to my eager pussy and fulfilled his command.

He watched from his position of new-found power his mind clearly moving a mile a minute at the possibilities. I let out a moan, the sensation of obedience bringing enhanced pleasure and asked, "Can Mommy come, son or does my big boy have other plans for his Mommy?"

He was still clearly coming to terms with the amazing reality that this wasn't a wet dream or some computer-driven fantasy. I looked up at him like a lost puppy looking for directions, desperately attempting to guide him in what we both needed: me a dominant man, and him a woman to learn from. My moans increased and I warned, "Son, Mommy's cunt is getting really wet, I can't hold back much longer."

The last brick in the wall of resistance shattered, I watched as my son stood up, pulled me up and onto the table and, without a word, took was now rightfully his as he buried his face in my hot lava box. Instantly, I moaned, as my inexperienced son licked my already sticky wet pussy lips. Obviously being his first time, he was a bit rough and all over the place. I moaned, "That feels good baby. Part Mommy's lips with your tongue, baby."

He obeyed the instructions and on his own accord slowed down. For the next couple of minutes he continued to lick my pussy lips bringing a constant teasing sensation to me. I moaned, "Is this your first time eating pussy, baby?"

He nodded, but didn't quit what he was doing, clearly enthralled by the taste of my cunt. Every man I had ever been with and the two girls in college had always commented on my unique, sweet tasting pussy, although he would have nothing currently to compare it to.

"Well, you are a natural, baby," I purred, adding, "do you want to help Mommy come?"

"Yes," he mumbled, his tongue refusing to leave my snatch.

"Take my clit into your mouth, baby," I requested, "swallow it whole." Again he obeyed, and the minute my swollen needy clit was in his mouth I screamed, "Oh God fuck, son, now lick Mommy's clit, suck it hard, make Mommy come." He increased the pressure and my moans became louder as my inevitable orgasm began to rise. "Oh God, son. Make Mommy your slut, make me come and I am yours unconditionally, baby. Is that what you want, son? Your very own Mommy-sluuuuuuut," I screamed, as he surprised me by sliding two fingers without warning deep inside me. Like a veteran pussy pleaser, he hooked his fingers inside me and found my g-spot in seconds. On contact, I wailed and my legs stiffened.

The mixture of the pleasure of having my g-spot tapped like a drum, mixed with the long ignored desire of submission, twisted with the reality of the taboo incestuous act I was willingly committing and I was a bundle of goo in seconds and babbling like a teenage slut. "Oh God Michael, you got Mommy, you got Mommy, oh fuck, oh fuck, yes Michael, uh, ah, uuuuuuuuuh, fuuuuuuck, Mommy's coming baaaaaaby, don't stoooooop," I screamed, grabbing my son's head to add even more pleasure on my exploding cunt. It was easily the best, most intense, toe tingling, leg stiffing, cunt dripping, mind numbing orgasm I had ever experienced. Pleasure pulsed through my very being and I knew in this brief moment of euphoria, what Heaven feels like: a brief moment of acceptance of what I had just done and what I knew I would be doing over and over.

My orgasm finally done, no nook or cranny untouched by his assault, I begged my son, with his fingers still in me and his mouth still devouring my clit, "Please stop baby, I have to pee so badly."

As his fingers left my cunt, I suddenly felt empty. As I pushed myself off the kitchen table, which I would never, ever be able to look at again and not remember the moment my life officially drastically changed, I stumbled, my orgasm apparently doing a number on my now jell-o like legs. I literally fell on my son's lap face first, his cock almost poking me in the eye. I promised, grabbing his very ready for action cock, "I will be right back to take care of that for you, son."

One firm squeeze and I left.

I returned a few minutes later, his cock just as hard and ready for action as when I left. I smiled, acting demure and sweet, "Did you miss me?"

My son took control like I hoped he would ordered, "Let's go to your room."

Acting coy, I asked, "And what do you want to do there?"

His words sparked the fire that had never completely flamed out after my orgasm. No smile crossed his face as he said, "I'm going to fuck you Mom."

"Oh my," I exclaimed, feigning shock at his words.

Attempting to be dominant, a skill he would need to work on as it sounded more like a request than an order, "Get your ass to the room, Mommy."

"Yes, sir," I answered, walking in front of him, my ass swaying back and forth, the perpetual tease continuing.

Once in my room, I sauntered to my bed and asked, "Is this where you want me, son?"

His confidence seemingly increasing, he surprised me as he demanded, his tone hinting at annoyance, using my full name like I had always done to imply he was in trouble when he was younger, "Betty Cheryl Lodge, get your ass over here now."

Startled, and impressed, I scurried to him.

His hands on my shoulders, he gently, but firmly guided me to my stocking-covered knees. His smile smug, one I had never seen cross his face before, he said, finally using the words he used while fantasizing about me, "I assume a dirty Mommy-slut like you Betty, knows exactly what to do with this."

Reaching for his delicious cock, I shifted into my sultry seductress MILF mode and smiled, "Actually, I can think of quite a few things I would like to do with this."

"Like what?" he asked, I think attempting to see all his options and just how far I was willing to go.

My eyes never leaving his from my subservient position I laid my cards all on the table, offering him four of kind. "I could give you another stocking-clad foot massage until your huge dick shoots your load all over Mommy's stockinged feet, or I could suck your delicious cock in Mommy's mouth until you coat my throat with your yummy cum, or you could slip that big fucking pecker of yours in my fiery volcano until you erupt inside me or you can get me on all fours like a pet, a pet Mommy, and do me doggy-style as your raging rod pierces my back door."

His eyes were big and wide as my shocking options were given. He finally spoke, although it was more of a whimper, "Oh God, Mom."

His cock begging for attention, I asked, my eyes hungry with lust, "What do you want Mommy to do for you, baby?"

His hands grabbed my head and guided me to his cock. I opened my mouth and took my son's raging hard-on between my lips. I slowly bobbed back and forth all the while creating a whirlwind of pleasure with my tongue and saliva. Although Jake loved fucking me, he said there was nothing he loved more than a slow burning blow job from his slut wife. I took pride in giving amazing, earth shattering blowjobs and I did the same with my son. I took my time making love to my son's cock with my mouth. Reading the warning signs of an orgasm on the build: the moaning, the leg shift and the subtle pulses in mouth, I went in for the kill as I shifted from a constant slow swirl to bobbing back and forth like some porn star cocksucking slut. As expected, the sounds out of my son's mouth got louder and he warned, "I'm going to come."

I instantly stopped and took his cock out of my mouth, again attempting to lead him into his role as dominant on our ever-changing relationship. I asked, "Do you want Mommy to swallow your cum, son?"

"Badly," he moaned, frustrated by me stopping.

"Just tell me what to do Michael. I am yours to use as you please," I smiled.

Michael surprising me, and apparently not a man of many words, he grabbed my head and shoved his cock back in my mouth, but instead of me bobbing on his cock, he began pumping his cock in between my lips, literally fucking my mouth. He grunted, as his orgasm rebuilt the steam I had slowed down moments ago, "Swallow my cum, Mommy-slut, swallow it all."

Seconds later I was rewarded with a warm load of my son's cum as it sprayed the back of my throat. He kept pumping in and out of my mouth, albeit slower, until I had savored every last speck of his addictive seed. Pulling out of my mouth, he apologized, "Sorry, Mom, I-I-I got carried away."

Still on my knees, I quickly responded sincerely, "Michael, you don't ever have to apologize to me, baby. When your Father was alive he was in charge in the bedroom and I was the obedient wife. Until I learned of your fantasy to fuck me, my submissive side had lain dormant, but when I saw you on my bed masturbating with my stockings and moaning my name as you came it all came flooding back."

"You saw me?" he asked, clearly surprised by this new tidbit of information.

I stood up, my knees sore, and continued, impressed his cock was still stiff, "I did and every moment since I haven't been able to stop thinking of your big cock." I again grabbed his swollen member and added, "This delicious fucking cock."

"Oh God, Mom," was all this academic genius could come up with, my sexual power to overwhelm still prominent.

"Do you want to fuck Mommy, son?" I asked, my hand gently stroking his cock.

"Yes," he moaned.

"Tell me," I said, explaining, "Michael, I am submissive like all those stories you have read. I am yours to use as you please." I leaned in and took his nipple in his mouth before adding, "When you please." I moved to his other nipple before adding, "How you please." Moving in to kiss him not as mother and son, but two lovers, my lips just inches from his, I finished with, "I love you Michael. I love you as a son and now I also love you as a Master. Let Mommy take your virginity." Our lips touched and our tongues began to explore each other's mouths. A couple of minutes later, tangled in a sweaty embrace as our hands explored each other as well, my son lifted me up and took me to the bed...like a husband would do on her wedding night.

Reaching my bed, he tossed me on the bed and roughly pulled my legs apart. A determination seemed to control his movements as he tried to become what I desperately needed. He asked, "Does Mommy want her son's cock?"

His cock rubbed up and down my glistening pussy lips and I moaned, "Oh God yes, please fuck Mommy."

He smiled slightly, tapping his cock head on my clit, "A good Mommy-slut can do better than that."

My stocking-clad legs wrapping around him and pulling him in, I begged, "Fuck your slut Mommy, son. Shove that huge fuck stick in Mommy's wet cunt. Pound Mommy hard."

His cock easily slid inside my inferno and I moaned loudly the instant he penetrated me, "Oh yes, son, thank you baby. Now fill Mommy's cunt with your cock."

Slowly all eight inches filled me and I watched as his facial expressions gave away how in awe he was that he was not only losing his virginity, but he was losing it to his mother. He paused, enjoying the feeling of my cunt wrapped around his cock. Slowly, he began to make love to me. It was slow and tender and he leaned forward and kissed me. The odd mix of dominance and romance was strange yet erotic and it only seemed to enhance the intimacy of the moment. His hands cupped my breasts as he began to slowly fuck me faster. He broke the kiss and began to smother my tits with kisses. He explored every crevice of my breasts with his lips, tongue and teeth all the while keeping a steady pace. Time stood still as I took my son's cherry and allowed him to explore his Mother's in ways society would detest.

It was over fifteen minutes before he suddenly pulled out and flipped me onto my side. As he repositioned himself, I teased, "Are you going to try the other hole now, baby?"

"Shhhh," he ordered, as his cock slipped back into my cunt. "I am not done with this one yet."

"They're all yours, baby," I moaned. Unlike when we were in the missionary position, this time he fucked me. He wrapped his arm around me, cupped my left breast for leverage and began thrusting in and out of me. His body slamming into my ass with each hard thrust into me had me hot in seconds and my nasty mouth returned. "Harder, baby, fuck Mommy harder."

He obliged, his cock somehow going deeper with each push. "You like that, Mommy?" he asked.

"Oh yes, baby, I fucking love it. Promise me you will fuck me again and again," I moaned.

His confidence clearly building, "Don't worry slut, I have definite plans for you."

"You doooooooo?" I moaned in surprise, the thought making me even hotter.

He fucked me harder, he fucked me faster and I felt his legs stiffen and knew I was soon going to get my second hole filled by his cum. Unlike the previous two courtesy warnings he gave before he came on my feet and in my mouth, this time he announced, "I'm going to come in you Mommy, I'm going to come in my slut."

His confidence a turn on, my orgasm was close to and I moaned, "Oh yes, baby, fill Mommy with your cum. Fill me with your seed. Make Mommy your cum deposit."

"Aaaaaaaaaah, fuuuuuuck," he grunted and I felt my pussy walls being sprayed which triggered my own orgasm.

"Fuuuuck, Mommy's coming too, baby." He kept pistoning in and out of me as we both quaked with pleasure

Suddenly, he pulled out, pushed me onto my back and shoved his cock shiny with my juices in my mouth. Although the position was awkward, I bobbed back and forth as best I could, desperate to prove my utter obedience to my son, my new Master.

He finally pulled out and collapsed beside me, sweat dripping down his forehead. Silence lingered for a long time as we both just allowed the afterglow of what we've done these past two hours to linger.

Finally, I rolled onto my side and said, "Michael, that was amazing."

Michael turned to face me too. "I can't believe it."

"What?" I smiled, "That you just fucked your Mom?"

"All of it; that you saw me masturbating; that you are submissive; everything we just did," he responded, clearly overwhelmed by it all.

I asked, "You don't regret it, do you?"

"God no," he replied, "I just can't believe how lucky I am."

"I am the lucky one," I said, my hand slowly caressing his chest.

"Oh Mom, I have fantasized about you all my life. But it never occurred to me that it was ever anything more than a fantasy," he admitted, his facial expression one of utter delirium.

"Was it as good as you fantasized?" I asked.

"God yes," he answered.

"Better than the stories?" I asked, my hand ever so slowly moving lower, to his now only semi-erect cock. Taking a quick glimpse at his cock, I wondered if it was on its way to slumber or was it again on the rise.

"I don't need the stories anymore, Mom, we just made our own," he pointed out.

I chuckled, "I guess we did." I looked at his cock, which was indeed growing again. "You are insatiable," I purred.

He shrugged, "My record is nine."

"Nine what?" I asked, unclear what he was talking about.

"I have came nine times in one day," he revealed.

My hand reaching for his almost fully erect cock, I teased, "Well, I am not sure I can do nine, baby, but I can definitely do one more and I do have one last hole for you to fill."

"You sure Mom?" he asked.

"I have never been sure about anything more in my life, Master," I replied, again stressing my utter submission to him.

As he sat up, I said, "The lube is in the drawer of the nightstand."

He reached for the nightstand and found my small collection of toys, which included a couple of vibrators and a butt plug. He paused and looked at me.

I shrugged, "It is lonely being a single Mother."

"Not anymore," he promised, returning with the lube.

I coated his cock generously, not having had a real cock in my ass in a couple of years after I briefly dated a co-worker. I got on all fours and presented my still very fine ass to him. "What do you think of my ass, baby?"

"Fucking awesome," he replied, as he moved behind me.

"Now go slow at first baby," I said, "your cock is pretty big for any girl's backdoor."

He slapped my ass playfully and said, "I thought I was in charge here."

I instantly played along. "Sorry, Master, do with your slut as you please."

"Good girl," he purred, which sent a chill down my spine, that being his father's trademark saying to me.

"Fuck Mommy's ass, baby," I moaned, as the tip of his cock pushed past my tight puckered entrance.

As he slowly went deeper, he moaned, "Holy shit, it is so hot and tight."

"All for you, baby," I moaned, as his cock slowly filled me.

"So fucking tight," he grunted, as the last couple of inches filled my ass.

His cock feeling so perfect in my ass, I finally allowed my mind to let go and be controlled like I used to all those years ago. "Fuck your cock feels so perfect in my ass, Master."

"Master," he repeated, "I am really beginning to like being called that."

As his cock began sliding in and out of my ass, I declared again, "Yes Master. In this house you are in charge and I am yours unconditionally."

"Fuck," he grunted, "you are so hot Mom."

"You are too, baby. You are a hot fucking stud, just like your Dad was," I moaned, beginning to buck back on his cock, wanting him deeper inside me.

"Bounce that ass on my cock, Mommy," he instructed. I obeyed, attempting to get in a constant rhythm.

"Good girl," he repeated the magic words, his hands slowly roaming over my back and ass.

"Oh yes, son, your cock was made to fill me," I moaned. I bounced back on his cock for an eternity, Michael having already came three times tonight. My knees ached, but I was determined to feel his cum coat my ass so I tried to go for the kill verbally. "Oh God, baby. I need your cum in my ass. I will do anything for it baby."

"What about Crystal, Mommy?" he said, surprising me.

"What?" I gasped.

"I want to see you seduce her so I can fuck her too," he announced, adding "I have always hated her condescending treatment of me."

"Oh God," I moaned, the sudden thought of my daughter and I in the throes of lesbian lust suddenly bringing me to a boil again.

"Oh God, what?" he asked, beginning to fuck my ass harder.

"Oh God, yes, Master, I will help make her your submissive sister slut," I promised, as my hand went to my clit.

"Dyking out with your daughter is turning you on, Mommy?" he asked, now pounding my ass so hard each thrust forward had me falling forward.

"Yes, baby, obeying your every command gets me off," I admitted, rubbing my clit furiously, even as my mind played the seemingly preposterous notion of seducing my very strong-willed daughter.

As his cock tore apart my ass I desperately tried to push him over the limit. "Fuck, baby, do you want to see me eat your sister's cunt?"

"Fuuuck, yes," he grunted, clearly close.

Pushing him over the edge, I asked, "How about if I fucked your sister's tight ass with the strap-on I have from when I used to get fucked in college?"

That was the final straw as he grunted and I felt his cum filling my ass and fulfilling the tri-fecta of coming in all three of my pleasure holes in one night. As his cum coated my rectum, another orgasm washed through me as the idea of seducing my daughter bounced in my head, a ridiculous fantasy already becoming an obsession.

"I'm coming too, baby," I screamed, "Don't stop pounding Mommy's ass."

He kept the full frontal assault, until my orgasm finished pulsing through me and I collapsed out of utter exhaustion onto the bed.

I could feel my son's cum slowly leaking out my ass as my son joined me on the bed. Looking into each other's eyes, I smiled and said, "I love you, Michael."

"I love you too, Mom."

After a brief pause, I smiled, "So your sister, hey?"

THE END








"Pet Mommy": DP Mommy-Slut!
bysilkstockingslover©

"PET MOMMY": DP MOMMY-SLUT!!!

Summary: MILF mom is trained to be a good SLUT for her nerdy son.

"Pet Mommy": Creating a Mommy-Slut Summary: A mother learns her son fantasizes about fucking her and, realizing just how much he resembles her deceased dominant husband, decides to make his fantasy a reality...in the end seducing her son and becoming his submissive pet Mommy.

Note: A special thanks goes to Mab7991 for editing this story.

DP MOMMY-SLUT!!!

I am sure you have heard the saying be careful not to wake up the sleeping giant. Well, I woke the giant up both figuratively and literally with my son, Michael.

Before I seduced him, he was a meek, shy and conservative boy who stroked himself often to incest fantasies online. But once he had a taste of the forbidden fruit, he turned from boy to man, from mouse to lion.

I knew I had changed our relationship that glorious first night, when I gave myself to my son unconditionally, allowing him to use all three of my holes. I was still his mother and loved him as a mother does, with unconditional acceptance, but I now also loved him as a lover, a Master.

In essence I felt like a character in Shelly's Frankenstein, I had created a monster...oh but what a beautiful monster it was: eight inches hard and always ready to go...always.

The next morning, after the glorious seduction of my son, I woke up to a cock tapping my lips. I am not a morning person and I swatted it away trying to get a few more minutes of shut-eye, but was startled awake by the firm words of my formally shy son.

"Open your mouth, cocksucker," I heard him demand.

My eyes opened wide and I was staring at the fully erect eight-inch cock of my son. I attempted to speak and was stopped in mid-sentence by my son shoving his cock in my mouth.

He began slowly fucking my lips as he explained how things were going to be different from now on. "From now on Mommy, you are my pet. You play when I want to play and you obey all the time. You never let me have a dog when I was young and desperately wanted one, so I have decided it is time for me to have one."

I didn't get him a dog because I am allergic, but it was impossible to argue with his big cock in my mouth. I was also surprised by him talking about a pet while he slowly pumped his cock in and out of my mouth until he finished his thought.

"Do you know what kind of pet I want, Mommy?" he asked, taking his hard rod out of my mouth.

Looking up at him, hungry to get his cock back between my lips, I replied, "Whatever kind do you want, Michael?"

He chuckled softly as he filled my mouth again with his lovely cock. "You will be my pet mom, my pet puppy."

My eyes went wide at his confidence, but of course, I was unable to say anything with my mouth currently full.

He continued to explain. "This bed will be our bed, we will sleep in it together and I expect all three of your fuck-holes available to me at all times."

Hearing my son say fuck-holes was both shocking and a complete turn-on. Seeing his dominant, man in charge attitude, had my cunt getting wet. I was now wide-awake and ready to be fucked.

"So starting today, panties are a no-no at all times, all your nylons will be stockings or thigh highs and you may only wear a bra while at work," he said, continuing to scaffold the expectations of our new Sub-Dom relationship.

"Fuck I love my cock in your mouth, Mommy," he moaned, before adding, "you look so fucking hot sucking cock."

I moaned what was intended to be a thank you.

He asked, already able to read my mind, "Is Mommy horny?"

He pulled his cock out of my mouth and put his hand to my wet, still naked from last night, cunt and smiled, "Oh, my Mommy is horny."

"Please Michael, fuck Mommy," I moaned as he flicked my clit with his finger.

"I don't know," he said, "you did push it away when I first offered it to you."

"S-s-sorry," I stammered. "I was still asleep and didn't really didn't know what was going on."

He shoved his cock back in my mouth and began fucking my face faster. Each forward thrust all eight delicious inches filled my mouth and I could feel his balls bouncing off my chin. The act was so naughty and wrong, which somehow made it so naughty and right.

I concentrated on not gagging as he roughly used my mouth for his personal pleasure and was soon rewarded with his warm salty seed coating my throat. He slowed down as he shot his load and I took over bobbing back and forth lavishly extracting any last remnants of my son's cum.

Finally, pulling his cock out of my mouth, he suddenly shifted from dominant to apologetic. "Sorry Mom, I just couldn't resist."

Licking the last little drop of cum from the head of his cock, I smiled, my cunt already alive and hungry, "Never apologize son; I am always ready to serve you."

"It seems weird," he said, looking down at me.

"What seems weird?" I asked, surprised by the sudden change after just recklessly fucking my face.

"This," he said suddenly bewildered.

"It didn't seem weird when you were using my face as your personal cum catcher," I pointed out.

"It's just, I mean," my genius son struggled to form a complete sentence as he tried to rationalize our relationship shift.

I interrupted Michael and said, "Michael, I am still your mother and you are still my son."

"Yes, but," he began, but I sat up and interrupted him.

"Shhhh, baby, Mommy is talking," I said, putting my finger to his lips. I continued, moving to his ear, "And I still love you like a mother loves a son. I just also love you as a lover, a very well-equipped, attentive and dominant lover."

I moved my finger from his lips, nibbling teasingly on his ear, as I squeezed his still stiff cock.

He stammered, a mixture of bewilderment and growing horniness, "But you are my Mother."

"That you just face-fucked, rather aggressively I might add. Your balls were bouncing off my chin like it was the floor and they were basketballs," I pointed out, my tongue swirling in his ear.

"I don't know what got into me, I woke up horny like I always do and remembering last night something turned on inside me and before I knew it my cock was tapping your lips," he explained, through soft moans.

"I know what got into me," I whispered, my left hand squeezing his ready to go again cock, before adding "I also know what Mommy wants in her wet cunt."

"Oh Mom," he moaned, the dual pleasure of my mouth on his ear and my hand stroking his cock distracting him.

"Does my baby want to fuck me?" I asked, moving my tongue down his neck and to his nipple.

"Aaaah, Mom," he moaned as I took his nipple in my mouth.

I teasingly nibbled his nipple before asking, "Aaaah, Mom, what?"

I moved to the other nipple and replicated the teasing as he stammered, "Are y-y-you sure we should keep doing this?"

Looking up at him, my hand stroking his big hard cock faster, I asked, my lips all pouty and my tone baby talk, "Does my sonny not want to fuck-y his Mommy?"

"Oh God Mom," he moaned, his gentle demeanor shifting again to aggressive, like a sexual 'Hulk', as he pushed me back on the bed aggressively.

Without another word he climbed on top of me and slid his cock easily into my warm oasis.

"Oh son, your cock feels so good in Mommy," I moaned the instant my son's cock filled me. For some unexplainable naughty reason calling him my son and referring to myself as Mommy enhanced the sexual rush. It seemed the greater the taboo, the greater the thrill.

He gave hard, deep thrusts into my warmth which had my whole body moving to meet him. "I want to see your boobs, Mommy."

I laughed, as I struggled to pull my t-shirt I wore to bed off, "My boobs, baby. Mommy has tits, big tits."

"Or jugs," he corrected, cupping both my voluptuous tits with his hands the second they were available.

"Yes, baby, play with Mommy's jugs," I moaned, another naughty word adding to the sin, as he took my left nipple in his mouth. My breathing increased as my son kept pumping his cock in my cunt while pleasing my jugs. In only a couple of minutes and way quicker than usual, I could feel the bubbling rise of the orgasmic tide.

Moving up and pulling out, Michael ordered, "On all fours, Mommy."

My hunger to submit and to come taking control, I obeyed without hesitation. He moved behind me and quickly slipped his cock deep inside my pussy and stopped. I pleaded, desperate for release, "Oh God, Michael, fuck Mommy, please baby."

"No Mom," he replied, his tone amused, "Fuck yourself on your son's cock."

"Ooooooooh, you diiirty boooooy," I moaned, as I began bouncing back on his cock, allowing his cock to fill me completely.

"Fuck yourself, Mommy-slut," he ordered, slapping my ass.

Being called Mommy-slut only enhanced the naughty reality of the taboo sin I was committing. My backward thrusts onto my son's missile got faster and harder as I used his cock to get me off.

"Come Pet Mommy, come for your new Master," he ordered, seemingly understanding my need to be controlled and used.

"Yeeeeeees, Master," I moaned, "Mommy is so close."

"Now slut," he ordered, "come now."

"Aaaaaaaah," I came on command wanting to be obedient. The orgasm hit me hard and fast, and I collapsed forward.

As I continued to ride the orgasm, Michael returned to pounding me hard and after a couple more minutes I felt Michael come in me for a second time this morning.

"Fill me with your cum, baby," I moaned, loving feeling my son explode inside of me.

Once he was spent, he slipped out and I felt his cum instantly begin leaking out of my freshly fucked cunt.

"I love you, Mom," he said, collapsing on the bed and wrapping his arms around me.

"I love you too, son," I replied, feeling so safe and secure in my son's arms.

I closed my eyes and faded back to slumber, feeling content and warm in a way I had not felt in years.

.....

When I woke up, Michael was gone to school and I reflected on what I had done. Many times in my life the day after has been an 'Oh my God I can't believe I did that,' followed by anxiety and guilt. Surprisingly, after committing such a taboo act against society's standards, I felt no guilt, no anxiety, just an odd equilibrium.

The rest of the day was busy with a few houses to show and it was almost five before I got home.

Michael and Frederick were playing some killing video game as usual. Seeing my son through the eyes of a lover made everything different. He was no longer my shy, geeky son, but was now a sexy, well-equipped stud who I loved with all my heart and soul.

I loved him as a son.

I loved him as a lover.

I loved him as the sweet young man he had become.

I loved him as the dominant Master he was capable of transforming into.

I loved him unconditionally and even after less than one day the line between mother and lover was greying and merging into a murky mix of confusion.

I left the boys alone and made supper even as I craved more of the powerful intimacy of the past twenty-four hours.

I asked, "Is Frederick staying for dinner?"

"If I may," Frederick replied, polite as always.

"Of course, you are always welcome for dinner, Frederick," I smiled while quickly giving Michael a look that hopefully implied I was hoping to have him for dinner.

During supper, I slipped my heels off and moved my stocking-clad foot between Michael's legs under the table.

At first touch Michael gave a surprised gasp, followed by a slight smirk.

I slowly rubbed his cock through his pants throughout dinner which clearly had him distracted by his lack of complete sentences throughout dinner.

Dinner done, I cleaned up, as the boys returned to their video game. Just as I was finishing putting the last dish in the dishwasher, Michael came into the kitchen. He walked over to me, a devious grin on his face. He unzipped his pants, pulled his stiff ready to go cock out and pointed at it. "Get sucking, Mommy."

"But Frederick is in the other room," I protested, surprised by his forwardness.

"Was I asking your opinion," he asked, putting his hand on my shoulders. Like a good submissive, I allowed myself to be lowered onto my knees. Thankfully, my kitchen island would block our act of incest if Frederick walked in unannounced. My cunt was burning with hunger as I took his cock in my mouth and hungrily bobbed back and forth. I was on a quest to quickly get him off, the fear of getting caught in an act of incest only seemed to enhance the thrill.

He moaned softly as I frantically devoured his cock like a cheap porn slut. "Fuck Mommy, you are such a great cocksucker."

I moaned on his cock in agreement, as my left hand began rubbing myself.

He continued talking."I bet if I told you to crawl out there like a puppy dog and suck Frederick's cock, you would do it, wouldn't you Mommy slut?"

The thought of obeying him turned me on more and I again moaned in the affirmative as I continued to suck his cock furiously.

"Such a fucking slut," he moaned, clearly getting close. "You know Frederick wants to fuck you? I know he jerks off thinking about you all the time. Do you want to fuck my friend, Mommy?"

Another moan not so much in agreement to the question, but to the increasing pleasure I was giving myself with my hand, although the thought that I was an eighteen year old teen's stroke fantasy added to the turn-on.

Seconds later, my mouth was full of my son's sticky seed and I relished every drop as I worked to suck him dry.

Pulling out his cock, he looked down at me and said, "Don't come Mommy, I will finish you later."

He tapped my nose with his cock as I stopped touching myself just seconds from an orgasm. He pulled his cock back into his pants and I had just stood up when Frederick entered the kitchen.

"Dude, what is taking so long?" he asked.

"I just had to help mom with a full load," he said, as he closed the dishwasher, even though the naughty implication was obvious to me and had my cheeks going red.

"Dude, I'm dying on my own," Frederick said, as if the video game was real life and death.

Adding to the innuendo, the thought of fucking Frederick in my head, I quipped, "Sorry Frederick, but Michael needs to do his chores which include unloading daily."

Michael laughed and Frederick looked confused, wondering what was so funny.

Soon I was alone with the sweet aftertaste of my son's cum lingering in my mouth, a constant reminder of my submissive position and hungry for more.

I was upstairs on my laptop a couple of hours later when Michael came into my room and asked, "Did Mommy obey and not come?"

Closing my laptop, I put it on the nightstand and answered, "Yes Master, Mommy was a good girl."

"Does she want to be a bad girl?" he asked, moving to the bed.

"I can be whatever my big boy wants me to be," I purred, ready for utter submission.

He smiled and after a few seconds he replied, "Hold that thought, I have an idea."

"I bet you do," I playfully retorted, getting on all fours.

"Mommy, do you like roll playing?" he asked.

"Sure," I smiled, moving closer to him. "I really enjoy playing the slutty Mother who becomes a slut for her son."

"I like that one too," he smiled, before adding, "I plan to play that role over and over and over again."

I reached for his concealed weapon and purred, "You better not be teasing Mommy."

He put his finger to my lips. "Shhhh, Mommy. Now I want you to dress like a teacher, is that clear?"

I nodded in agreement as his finger remained on my lips.

"Good Mommy," he smiled, adding, "I'll be downstairs setting things up."

I watched him walk out impressed by his self-control (I was pretty much throwing myself at him) and his assertiveness (clearly, he was quickly transitioning into his new role as cock of the house).

I got off the bed and pondered what a teacher looks like. I decided to dress conservatively on the outside, but sexy underneath.

I kept on my black thigh highs, discarded my bra and panties and put on a pencil skirt and blue blouse. I put my hair in a bun to add to the teacher look before finishing by taking out my contacts and putting on my seldom worn glasses. Looking in the mirror, I felt I looked more like a librarian than a teacher, but I felt it would do.

I went downstairs and was surprised that Michael was not in the kitchen or the living room. I called out, "Michael where are you?"

He called back, "I am in your classroom, Ms. Lodge."

I assumed that meant my office as that was where his voice was coming from. I went to my office and was surprised to see he had set-up my desk a different way and created a desk for himself out of a table and chair. My desk even had an apple on it and a banana strangely enough.

Realizing quickly we were roll playing and creating some naughty fantasy of my sons, I walked to my desk and being demure sat on top of it, legs crossed, the tops of my thigh high stockings just barely visible.

I began the role-playing by saying, "Good morning class."

"Good morning, Ms. Lodge," my one student replied, staring at my stocking-clad legs.

"So where did we leave off yesterday?" I asked, allowing my son to control the role play scenario.

"You were discussing about the underlying incest plot of Hamlet and his mother," he smiled.

I replied, trying to remember a play I have not read in twenty years, "Well, there have been many Shakespearian experts who point out that there is lots of naughty innuendo of an incest relationship between the two."

"Isn't that wrong?" Michael asked.

Dangling my heel from my left foot, I answered, "Well, society says it is wrong."

Michael stood up and asked, "But do you think it is wrong?"

"I am not one to judge," I answered, non committal.

"But in your opinion?" Michael questioned, just as my heel fell to the floor.

"Well, throughout history incest has been pretty common," I answered, opening the door for my smiling student.

He bent to the floor and instead of grabbing my heel for me; he took my stocking-clad foot in his hands.

"Michael what are you doing?" I asked, feigning surprise.

"Just giving you a foot massage, Ms. Lodge," he answered as he began massaging my foot.

I stammered, "I don't think that is very appropriate."

Ignoring my protest, Michael said, "You know you look a lot like my Mother, Ms. Lodge."

"Michael, please stop," I protested.

Instead he said, "Shhhh, Ms. Lodge, I know exactly what teacher needs."

"Michael, enough," I objected, standing up, adding, "I am your teacher."

Michael stood up himself and quickly spun me around and unzipped my skirt as he said, "Yes, you are Ms. Lodge and you are one hot fucking MILF."

I again feigned defense. "Please stop, Michael," as my skirt fell to the floor.

"My, my, my, teacher, you are not even wearing panties. Only sluts don't wear panties, Ms. Lodge," he purred, bending me over the desk.

I let out a surprised yelp as I once again protested, trying to sound firm, "Michael, stop this instant!"

"Shut up, Ms. Lodge," he said firmly. "Dressing like a slut all this time, teasing me, you obviously have wanted this for a long time."

I whimpered as I continued to play the helpless victim even as I felt something cold penetrated me from behind. "Nooooooo."

"Your mouth says no, but your wet cunt with the banana in it says yes," Michael smirked, as he pumped the slippery, yellow fruit in and out of my undeniably wet box.

"Oh God," I moaned, as the orgasm I was forced to hold off on earlier began to bubble back to the surface.

"You like that, Ms. Lodge?" he asked, he stopped with my pussy still filled with banana.

"Yes, I mean, no," I stammered, in the conflicting emotion of continuing to resist or just giving in to my carnal desires.

He kept the banana in my pussy as he walked around the other end of my desk and undid his pants. "Is teacher hungry?" he asked, releasing his firm cock.


Distracted by my own hunger to come, I moaned, "Famished."

"Beg for my cock, Ms. Lodge," he ordered, holding his cock inches from my suddenly salivating mouth.

Giving in to my craving and my submission, I begged, "Please, Michael, let me teach you."

"Teach away," he quipped, offering his cock to me.

I moved up on my knees onto my desk, the banana still in me, as I took his cock into my mouth. Wanting him in my cunt, I teased him this time, using my mouth like an ocean of pleasure. I swirled my tongue around his mushroom top, I teased him relentlessly, not allowing him more than a slow build.

A few minutes of this cock-sucking teasing and Michael finally spoke. "You dress like a tease, Ms. Lodge and you suck cock like a whore. Obviously you want your student's cock to fuck you, don't you Ms. Lodge?"

Looking up eagerly to him, I replied seductively, "Yes, Michael, fuck your teacher's cunt. I have wanted you for so long."

He ordered, "Bend back over, Ms. Lodge."

I quickly obeyed, bending back over the desk and waiting for my craving to be filled.

"Good girl, you are a very obedient teacher, Ms. Lodge," he said, patting my ass condescendingly. "Ever take a cock in your ass, Ms. Lodge?"

Back into acting mode, I pleaded, "No, Michael, shove that big cock of yours in teacher's cunt."

He chuckled as he rubbed his cockhead at my puckered backdoor. Even though I feigned resistance, the thought of his cock in my ass was delicious. He slowly pushed forward, penetrating my ass and I whimpered, still the teacher and not the slutty Mother who craved his cock in my ass, "Oh God, Michael, not there."

"Your ass is letting me in pretty easy, Ms. Lodge," he pointed out as he slowly filled my back door.

"You are filling me so fuuuuuull," I whimpered, truthfully, as the bent over angle and the banana in my pussy somehow made the sensation of a cock in my ass even more intense.

"You like that, Ms. Lodge?" he asked, undoing my bun and grabbing a fist full of my hair.

"Noooooo," I moaned, the moan saying more than the actual words.

"You are such a fucking liar, Ms, Lodge," he accused, pulling my hair. "You fucking love it, the body doesn't lie."

"Please stop," I weakly protested, as I felt his body pressing against me, his cock firmly in my ass.

"Sure," he said, "I will just sit here with my cock buried in your ass."

For a moment, he sat there filling my ass with his perfect cock, all the while he reached around and wiggled the banana in my pussy. Finally, desperate to be fucked hard like I craved, I whimpered, "Please."

"Please what, Ms. Lodge?" he asked, not moving at all.

"Please fuck me," I begged.

"Fuck you where, Ms. Lodge," he questioned.

Giving in completely, I am sure like he has fantasized many times, I admitted, "My ass, dammit, fuck your teacher's tight ass."

"Hmmmm," he moaned, instantly beginning to pump his cock in and out of me.

My hunger to come had been simmering for so long, it took only a few strokes before I pleaded, "Harder Michael, fuck my ass harder."

He obliged and as his thrusts slammed into me, I held onto the corner of my desk for support. "Oh God, yes, fuck my ass, stud," I moaned, encouraging him to continue his forceful aggression.

"You like that teach? You like your student's cock in your ass?" he questioned, his tone dripping with smugness.

"Oh yes, Michael, make teacher your slut, your ass-slut," I confirmed, my orgasm on the rise.

"I'm going to fuck you every day after class, Ms. Lodge," he said, continuing to slam into me from behind.

"I'm yours, Michael," I whimpered, before adding, "I'm going to come soon."

"Are you going to come from getting your ass fucked on your desk, Ms. Lodge?" he asked, clearly loving the idea of humiliating one of his real teachers.

"Yes, your cock fits so perfectly in my ass, baby," I complimented, seconds from utopia.

"Come, Ms. Lodge, come like the slutty teacher you are," he demanded, as he yanked back on my hair, pulling my head back.

Almost instantly my orgasm shivered, quaked and exploded through me and I screamed, "Ooooooooooh Michael, I am coooooooooming."

He grunted seconds later, "Me too," and as my juices flooded out of me with such force the make-shift banana cock slipped out and onto the floor, as my son's cum filled my ass.

Exhausted himself, he collapsed onto my back and held onto me as I continued to tremble from the pleasure he just gave me.

Finally, he pulled out of my ass and turned me around. I smiled, "And who were you really fucking while you fucked your Momma's ass?"

He blushed, just like before his confidence faded after he came and he suddenly felt guilty. "No one," he whispered.

"Tell Mommy, is there a teacher you want to fuck?"

"Maybe," he admitted, not making eye contact.

"Michael, I raised you to look a woman in the eye when you are talking to her," I said, back in Mother mode.

"S-s-sorry," he apologized, looking into my eyes.

"Don't be sorry son, be strong. I need a strong man to be in control, not just in the bedroom, but in the household," I explained, before adding, kissing him softly first, "You are that man."

"Ok," he said, kissing me back with more force.

Breaking the kiss, I asked, "So is there a teacher you want to fuck?"

"Yes," he admitted, "Ms. Hughes."

"Your English teacher," I smiled, before adding, "That explains a lot."

He shrugged, "It is just a fantasy."

"So was fucking your Mother, before yesterday," I pointed out.

He laughed, "That is true."

"And what is less likely, plugging your Mother's ass in her office, or getting your young pretty teacher on all fours?" I asked, making it more simply than it was.

"Well, when you put it that way," he smiled.

"I am not saying you should through her over her desk like a savage caveman, but nothing is impossible," I pointed out, lowering back onto my knees.

Looking down at me, my son asked, "So you think getting Ms. Hughes is possible?"

I shrugged, "Maybe, especially if she learns of just how big her smartest student is."

"Mmmmmmm," he moaned as I took his cock back in my mouth, hoping for another good fucking.

.........

Michael became insatiable. After the first couple of days of taboo mother-son sex, he couldn't get enough. He began sleeping in bed with me and couldn't get enough mommy loving. It was like a child getting full access to a candy store, but the candy was his Mommy.

Over the next couple of weeks, Michael and I played many different role playing games. I was a nurse reviving a patient; I was a police officer interrogating a suspect; I was a queen disciplining a peasant. They were all fun and expanded our sexual repertoire of positions greatly.

Michael surprised me in early May with a naughty twist to our already kinky Submissive-Dom relationship. By now Michael had comfortably fit into the role of Dom and no longer had bouts of guilt (although he was still insecure at school with girls his own age and had not tried to woo his cute teacher). In our house it was clear he was the man and I was the woman.

I had come home from work exhausted from four straight showings. Michael and Frederick were in their usual spots, playing video games.

Michael called out, "Mom, can you get Frederick and me a couple of cokes."

"Sure, honey," I replied, knowing full well Michael's intent. Last night after depositing a load of his salty seed down my throat, Michael suggested that I tease Frederick next time he was over.

I grabbed a couple glasses, poured each some coke, added some ice and sauntered out like a maid.

After giving Michael his drink without any fanfare, I sauntered over to Frederick and bent down allowing him a very generous up close and personal look of my ample cleavage.

Lingering there way longer than necessary, I asked, my voice flirty, "Can I get you anything else, Frederick?"

He stammered, "N-n-no."

"That's too bad," I purred, putting my hands on his legs to push myself up.

I returned to the kitchen, a big smile on my face and a tingle down below at my naughty flirtation.

A couple of minutes later, I decided to tease Frederick some more.

I returned to the living room and put my heel with a buckle strap on the couch. "Michael, baby, could you unbuckle Mommy's shoe?"

He smiled, "Sure Mom."

As he slowly unbuckled the strap of my heel, I positioned myself so the top of my stocking tops were clearly visible to young Frederick.

Just as Michael got my shoe unbuckled, I sighed dramatically, "Damn stockings, this garter-belt doesn't hold them up at all." I kept my foot on the couch, directly in front of an almost drooling Frederick and adjusted my stocking.

I slipped my shoe off and offered my son my other foot as I said, winking at Frederick playfully, "The things woman wear to please men."

Once Michael had unbuckled my second shoe, I asked, again with soft playful banter, "Can I get you two studs anything else?"

"No we are fine," Michael replied, a devious smirk on his face and a confident look in his eyes as he watched his rattled friend.

I returned to the kitchen and was just starting supper when Michael came in the kitchen.

He moved behind me, reached under my skirt and slid a finger easily inside my wet pussy. "Did you like teasing my friend?"

I shrugged and turned it back on him asking playfully, but not meaning it, "Does my big boy want me to fuck his friend?"

"Maybe I do. Would my slut Mommy want to take another virgin's cherry," he asked, turning it back on to me.

At the time I thought we were just having harmless playful banter, so I answered, "I would fuck his brains out."

Suddenly he pulled his finger out of me, just as Frederick walked into the kitchen.

Michael said, "Thanks Mom, we will make sure that happens."

"What happens?" a clueless Frederick asked.

Michael informed both of us. "We are going to have our own prom."

"We are?" Frederick asked, clearly surprised by the suggestion.

"Yes we are," Michael repeated, before revealing his plan. "You and I will go out for supper at Welton's and then back here for a marathon evening of Call of Duty."

"That is brilliant," Frederick said.

Welton's is a five star, two hour meal type of place, and hard to get reservations, but I knew the owner personally having sold her two houses. I pointed out, "If you are going to have your own prom we need to rent you two tuxes."

"It's done then," Michael said with finality. "We will create our own prom."

"Rad," Frederick said excitedly.

"And Mom will chauffeur us around, won't you Mom?" he asked.

"Of course, son," I replied, obediently, "it will be fun to see you studs dressed so sexy. I can be you two studs prom date."

Frederick's face went red and I pushed it a shade further when I added, walking over to a bewildered Frederick, "Plus? There is something so sexy about a boy in a tux that really gets me revved up."

I winked at Frederick and disappeared upstairs leaving Frederick with a pretty impressive tent in his trousers.

.....

That night as Michael fucked me in the ass, his favorite before bedtime activity, he asked, as my moans of ecstasy implied my orgasm was on the rise, "Will Mommy obey every order?"

I moaned without hesitation, willing to do whatever my son ordered me to do, "Oh God, yes, I am yours to do as you please."

His strong hands grabbed my hips and held me in place, his perfect cock deep in me. "You will do whatever I say?" he questioned.

"Fuck Michael, yes, whatever you want," I replied, frustrated at being denied the hard fucking I was craving.

As he started fucking me again, Michael asked, "Would you like to take Frederick's virginity?"

I moaned, his cock feeling so good pumping in and out of my ass, "Is that what my big boy wants? Does he want his Mommy-slut to fuck his friend?"

"Now that you ask that is exactly what I want you to do," my son informed me, his tone not as playful as mine.

I looked him in the eye the best I could since I was on all fours and his hands were firmly on my hips as he fucked my back door. "Are you serious, Michael?"

"Deadly," he smiled, revealing his plan to me. "We are going to have our own prom that includes what a prom usually does."

"Dancing," I quipped, trying to be funny.

"Fucking," Michael countered smacking my ass.

"You have put some thought into this already," I smiled, the naughty ideas in my son's dirty mind both exciting and scaring me.

"You ever been double penetrated Mommy?" he asked, as casual as if he was asking if I had ever been to Europe.

He slammed into my ass and sat there, his big cock lodged deep in my ass. I moaned, "No, that would be a first for me."

"Ever fantasized about it?" he questioned.

"Of course, baby," I replied, wiggling my ass trying to get him back to fucking me.

"You will obey whatever I order you to do, Mommy-slut?" he asked again, as he gave one quick, hard in and out.

"Fuuuuck, yes," I screamed, adding, "I will fuck Frederick, baby, if that is what you want."

"Good slut," Michael said before returning to pounding me from behind.

The thought of being a slut for my son's best friend suddenly excited me. I moaned, "Oh yes, baby, let mommy be a slut for Frederick."

"Come now Mommy," he grunted as I felt his sticky seed explode in my ass.

I obeyed, letting the rising tide wash over me, the thought of being a virgin taker raced through my mind.

Pulling out, his white spunk leaking out of my well-fucked ass, he collapsed on the bed and looked me in the eye. "I am serious, I want you to let Frederick fuck you."

"I see," I weakly acknowledged as I slowly recovered from my orgasm. "Do you want him to know you're a Mother-fucker?"

"I don't know yet, I think so. It is a fucking amazing secret I am dying to tell someone," he said, shy nerdy Michael surfacing again.

"I do have a career to protect," I pointed out.

"I know," Michael said, contemplating my words.

After a couple of minutes of silence, Michael promised, "I got it covered, Mommy."

He wrapped his arms around me and even though the thought of the truth coming out scared me, I trusted him unconditionally.

......

Prom was May 14th and Michael as promised had come up with a plan. I was just finishing putting on my mocha thigh highs, when Michael came in the room dressed in a tux, looking hot as Hell, the spitting image of his father. Although I always thought my son was handsome, the tux had moved him to a whole other level. He was downright sexy. He came behind me, squeezed my ass and said confidently, "So, I have decided what I expect from you tonight, Mommy."

I turn around in just my bra, panties and thigh highs and asked, my hand reaching for his cock, "And what would that be, sexy?"

"I want you to flirt excessively with Frederick at the restaurant under the table," he replied.

"Hmmmmm," I said.

He smiled, putting his hands on my shoulders and guiding me to my very regular submissive position.

Without instructions, I retrieved his cock from his trousers and stroked him gently. "You are such a naughty boy whoring your mother out like this," I teased, before asking, "Can I have an appetizer?"

"Of course," he smirked, as I opened my mouth and took his cock in my mouth.

Knowing time was of the essence before we would have to leave, I bobbed back and forth hungrily wanting to taste his addictive seed. As I sucked his cock like a dirty slut, Michael continued explaining his plans for me. "Then I want you to give Frederick a hand job."

I suddenly stopped sucking and took my son's eight inches of meat out of my mouth and asked, "Really?"

"Yes," he said, adding, "Until he comes."

"How am I going to make that happen?" I asked, unable to fathom how to accomplish such a task.

"That is for you to figure out, Mommy-slut," Michael smirked, "now get back to work."

Over the past two weeks, Michael had become more dominant and his expectations of me had increased. The line between son and Dom no longer fazed him and his treatment of me had become bolder. Acknowledging my role in this power shift, I replied, "Yes, Master," and took his cock back in my mouth.

As I went for the kill, Michael continued, "Lastly, I trust Frederick and know he will keep our dirty little secret. So you are going to take Frederick's virginity and get your first double penetration tonight."

The thought of Frederick knowing scared me, yet the thought of allowing Michael to have unconditional control over me was exhilarating. I continued my furious assault on his cock and was rewarded with a load of my son's sweet seed, plus getting double penetrated had always been a fantasy of mine, one that Michael now was clearly obsessed with, since an earlier conversation on the subject.

Once I had retrieved every last drop, I allowed his cock to slip out of my mouth and asked from my submissive position, "You are sure you can trust Frederick?"

"Do you trust me?" Michael asked, as he put his cock away for the time being.

"Of course, with all my heart and soul, you own me, Michael," I replied, meaning every word.

"Then trust me," he smiled, pulling me up. "I love you and would never do anything to hurt you."

He kissed me passionately, like two lovers would do. It was soft and tender, yet with the hungry passion of a young couple in love.

Twenty-five minutes later, we arrived at the restaurant. It was obvious that Frederick was obsessed with my very generous cleavage as he continually took quick glances, which he thought were sly and discreet, but where anything but. We were seated and I surprised Frederick when I said, "Slide over, good looking," and sat beside him instead of the obvious choice, my son.

"Kkkkk," he said, his face flushing at both my compliment and my hand on his leg as I sat down, pretending to use his leg for balance.

"Thanks sweetie," I smiled, sitting down and giving his leg a squeeze.

"N-n-no problem," he stammered, adorably flustered.

I ordered a bottle of wine, yes, they were underage, but when you know the owner, such trivialities are overlooked. I was hoping the wine would help by giving an excuse for what was about to happen and also relax me a bit as the task at hand was still a bit nerve-wracking.

Once we had ordered our meals, I made a toast, "To the best prom ever."

The boys concurred and after tinkling glasses, they each drank their wine and made the first time drinking wine face, then tried to hide it...which was hilarious.

As we ate our salads a few minutes later, our first glasses of wine almost done, I put my hand on Frederick's leg again, this time not moving it away. His eyes went big as he tried to process what was occurring. Michael smiled knowingly.

I chatted with my son casually as my hand slowly slithered towards his best friend's cock. I was worried Frederick would pass out as he seemed to be holding his breath.

Amused by Frederick's bewilderment, I moved my hand directly to his fully erect, and seemingly impressive, cock. He let out a gasp.

Michael asked, "You ok, Frederick?"

"Y-y-yes, f-f-fine," Frederick stammered, as my hand rested on his cock.

Entertaining myself, I added, the innuendo obvious to all, "So Frederick, what is up?"

"W-w-what?" he stammered, as I rubbed his cock through his pants.

The waiter arrived with our main course ending poor Frederick's focused attention, although my hand lingered there, a constant tease.

Once our meals were placed before us, I gave Frederick one final squeeze before returning my hand to the table. We ate mostly in silence each of us thinking different, yet similar thoughts.

I gave Michael a nod and on cue as we finished dinner and he said, "I need to go to the washroom."

Seconds after my son was gone and I immediately went to work. I returned my hand to Frederick's cock and after giving it a firm squeeze, I began to unzip his pants. "Frederick dear, is it ok if I get some desert from you?"




"M-M-Ms. Lodge," he stammered again, overwhelmed by my suggestion.

"Yes," I smiled, fishing his fully erect cock out from his still buckled trousers.

"W-w-what are y-y-you doing, Ms. L-L-Lodge," Frederick stuttered, looking around.

Sitting in the back like we were, no one could see my hand stroking his cock. "Just getting some dessert, baby," I purred.

"Oh God," he moaned, watching me frozen delight.

"Do you find me sexy, Frederick?" I asked, demurely.

"Y-y-yes," he moaned.

"Would you like me to suck your cock, baby," I purred, as I continued stroking his cock.

"W-w-what?" he gasped at my shocking question.

Ignoring his rhetorical question, I continued, "Or would you rather fuck me?"

"Aaaaah," he groaned a moment later and I felt the warm liquid coat my hand as I continued pumping his pulsing cock.

"Hmmmm, I'll take that as a yes, baby," I smiled, as I let go of his cock and moved my hand to my mouth. He watched in stunned silence as I licked his cum from my hand and swallowed it. "Hmmmm, delicious, I think I may need a bedtime snack later tonight."

"I-I-I," he babbled.

Becoming the slut my son wanted me to be, I went further than instructed as I said, "Ohhhh, I missed some." I bent down and quickly swallowed Frederick's big cock in one quick deep throat before just as quickly sitting back up. "Fuck baby, I bet you must have to beat the girls off with a stick, with such a sweet cock."

Before he could reply, Michael returned to the table and asked, seeing my devious smile, "Did I miss anything?"

"Oh, no," I purred, "I was just getting to know your best friend better." I glanced down and saw Frederick awkwardly putting his cock away.

"Really?" Michael said, "What did you learn?"

"That's my delicious little secret," I quipped, at which Frederick gasped.

Frederick gasped and stammered, "I-I-I have to go the washroom."

I moved out so he could slide out of the booth giving his ass a sly squeeze as he moved past me.

He let out another gasp and was gone and I burst out laughing.

"Obviously, you completed task one," Michael deducted.

Still laughing, "The looks on his face were well worth the price of admission."

"I bet it was," my son smiled, before adding, "By the way I think you have a little leftover dessert on your chin."

Moving my hand to my chin, I felt a bit of missed Frederick goo which had me laughing again as I retrieved the last remaining evidence and put it in my mouth.

When Frederick arrived back, we instantly stood up and I said, my innuendo playful and full of promise, "Let's go home for some real yummy dessert."

We drove home and the boys chatted randomly as I contemplated the upcoming DP my son had planned for me. Mostly I was excited, the thought of two cocks filling me simultaneously was a fantasy of mine (although not one I ever anticipated making become a reality), yet allowing another person to know of my intimate relationship with my son was risky.

I pulled into the driveway and my son quipped, "Let's go continue our very special prom."

Frederick joked, "You make it sound like some made for TV after school special."

"Well it will be special," I added, my tone dripping with sexual innuendo.

"Promises, promises," Michael quipped.

As I opened my car door, I winked subtly to Frederick, "It has already been a special night hasn't it, Frederick?"

Frederick's face again went tomato red as he stammered, "Y-y-yes, Ms. Lodge."

Standing outside, I moved to Frederick and whispered, "Frederick please call me Betty especially after all we have been through." I slyly squeezed his cock quickly before entering the house.

Frederick stood paralyzed as Michael opened the front door for me like a gentleman.

Once in the house, I went to the kitchen and poured three glasses of wine, just as a still stunned Frederick joined Michael and I. I walked over to the bewildered horny teenager and handed him a drink. Grabbing mine, as Michael grabbed his, I said, "A toast to a prom to remember."

They both agreed and Frederick drank almost the whole glass.

I asked, "So what are you two sexy studs going to do now?"

"Probably play some Call of Duty," Michael shrugged.

"Well go play while I get you sexy studs some snacks," I suggested.

The boys left and I made a big plate of appetizers as the set-up continued. I joined the boys in the living room and like I had before I made sure to bend directly on front of Frederick so he got a good view of my cleavage.

"Shit Frederick, what you doing?" Michael asked even though he knew exactly what his friend was doing, staring at his mother's tits.

"W-w-what?" Frederick stammered, turning back to the game to see that he had been killed.

"Sorry, sexy," I shrugged, and asked, "Since you're dead could you be a dear and unbuckle my shoes, my feet are killing me."

"S-s-sure," the adorably out of his league boy stammered, as I lifted my foot onto the coffee table.

"Mom move your ass, it is in my way," Michael said.

I turned and quipped, wiggling it playfully, "Is this better?"

Michael surprised Frederick for the first time as he smiled, "Actually, that is much better."

Meanwhile, Frederick had moved his hands, shaking noticeably, to my shoe and was awkwardly unbuckling it. Once done, I switched feet and he again took off my shoe. Both shoes off, I stood up, leaned back allowing my breasts to again become the focus of attention, before saying, "Thanks darling, I owe you one."

I collapsed on the couch beside the stunned teen and watched the two resume their game. I positioned myself so my feet were on the coffee table and stretched out so my dress rose up enough to show the top of my stockings.

Frederick continued taking quick glances at my legs as he tried to play the game.

Finally, I said, "Guys this is boring. It's time to make this more like a prom."

Frederick asked, unable to pry his eyes from my legs. "How so?"

Standing up, I announced, "We dance."

"I don't dance," both boys said in unison.

I went to the stereo put on a sappy ballad and returned and grabbed Frederick's hands and pulled him up. I smiled, "Every boy should get his one prom slow dance with a hot girl," I said, before adding, "Unless you don't think I am hot."

Frederick looked at Michael for help, but Michael chuckled, "Go ahead, tell my mom what you say about her when she is not around."

Frederick's face went red.

I asked playfully, "What do you say, Freddy?"

Michael, setting up the alone time needed for me to finish the easiest seduction ever, acted all concerned, "Oh crap, I left my wallet at the restaurant."

"You did?" I asked, turning to my son, my ass slyly brushing the protrusion in Frederick's pants.

"Yes, I remember putting it down on the table before we left and I don't have it now," he lied.

"Well, go get it," I suggested.

"Sorry, Frederick will you be alright till I get back," Michael asked.

I answered for him, my ass moving back to make firm contact with Frederick to imply my intentions. "Don't worry Michael, I will take very good care of your friend."

"You do that," Michael replied, Frederick oblivious to the full breadth of the plan.

Michael left, I turned around and smiled, "Now where were we? Oh yes, slow dance."

I pulled the befuddled teenager into me, his face literally landing between my big breasts as we danced, if you can call it that.

A couple of minutes of slow close dancing and I leaned into his ear and asked, "Are you a virgin, Frederick?"

He stammered, "Y-y-yes m-m-ma'am."

I bit his ear playfully. "It's Betty, sexy."

"S-s-sorry, Betty," he babbled, his face again as red as red can be.

"So what did you say about me to my son?" I asked, my free hand squeezing his ass.

"N-n-nothing," he again stammered.

"Tell Betty," I purred, "Maybe I can make our fantasy a reality."

"I said you were hot and I wished I could f-f-fuck you," the excited teenager blurted out.

"You want to fuck me?" I asked, my hand moving directly to his front bulge.

"Yeeeeess," he whimpered the second I touched him.

"Well, I think that most proms end with everyone having sex don't they?" I asked.

"In the movies they do," Frederick agreed.

"Well, should we make our own movie version of prom?" I asked, dropping to my knees and fishing his cock out of his trousers.

"Oh God," the adorable teen gasped, as my hand wrapped around his large nine inch hard cock, even bigger than my son's impressive fuck stick.

"Oh God indeed, I plan to worship this delicious cock, baby," I teased, my tongue flicking his cock head.

"Ms. Lodge," he whimpered.

"Call me slut," I purred back.

"W-w-what?" he gasped, clearly not able to process what was happening to him.

"I am yours Freddy, use me as you have fantasized all those times you checked out my legs, tits and ass. You have fantasized about me haven't you not big boy?" I asked, taking all his cock in my mouth and then slowly pulling back until his lollipop top popped out of my mouth.

"Aaaaaaah, yes, I fantasize about you all the time," he admitted.

"What did you imagine?" I asked, swirling my tongue around his mushroom top.

"Feeling your legs in pantyhose," he stated.

One quick deep throat. "Actually I am wearing stockings so you have easier access to my wet cunt."

"Shiiiiit," he whimpered, not used to hearing such words from a motherly figure.

"What else, baby?" I questioned, using my tongue to lick all the way down is solid shaft.

"Your tits," he groaned, "I have always wanted to see them."

Moving my tongue back up, I then stood up and turned around and asked, "Unzip me, baby."

I felt his hands tremble as he awkwardly unzipped me. Once unzipped, I allowed my dress to harmlessly fall to the floor.

Turning around I smiled, and silently moved my hands behind my back and unclasped my bra. His eyes were like those in Roger Rabbit cartoons, bugged out, and his open mouth seemed to water like the big bad wolf. Finally, I allowed my bra to hit the floor as well. My firm -- breasts now in the face of the virgin teenager. Smiling coyly, I asked, "So sexy, is seeing them enough or would you like to touch them?"

His eyes never left my breasts as he asked, like a kid at a candy store wanting a treat he is never allowed, "May I?"

"On two conditions," I said.

"Anything," he said in a trance.

"One, you have got to suck both my nipples, they're both dying for attention."

"Ooooook," he said, the thin invisible propriety line all that was left between him and I now.

"And," I said, cupping my breasts towards his mouth, "you promise to fuck me like a dirty slut."

"Kkkk," he agreed, I doubt really hearing my words as I offered him my left nipple. He opened his mouth and took my nipple between his lips.

"Hmmmmm," I moaned, over the top, "Mommy likes."

He licked and sucked and explored like the virgin he was. What he lacked in experience, he made up for with eagerness to please. He moved to my other breast and replicated the concentrated attention.

Finally I said, "So Frederick, I am your prom slut tonight. What do you want to do to me?"

The shift from shy to stud shifted sometime while he made love to my breasts as he said, apparently hearing my earlier request, "On your knees, slut."

I smiled and said while obeying the order, "I love a man who knows what he wants."

"Suck my cock," he ordered, holding it out for me.

"Hmmmm, yes Master," I said, again giving him all the power possible, before taking his cock in my mouth.

Unlike the teasing of earlier, this time I sucked him like the expert cocksucker I am. I bobbed back and forth taking his whole cock in my mouth while sucking like a porn star. I wanted him to come in my mouth, I wanted to be his first everything. I already gave him his first hand job and I hoped before the night was through to take his virginity and maybe even take him in my ass.

"Oh shit," he groaned only a few bobs into my royal cocksucking treatment and I felt his load of cum spray down my throat. I didn't slow down until long after every sweet speck of his seed had been deposited in me.

Finally taking his cock out of mouth, I asked, "Think you can go again, stud?"

"Um-I..." I stammered.

I took his cock back into my mouth, for a quick couple of bobs, before saying, looking demure, "Will you fuck me, sexy?"

"Bend over, slut," he ordered surprising me.

I moved to the couch and got on my knees, "Like this?" I asked.

He moved behind me and was about to slip his cock in me when Michael spoke. "What is going on here?"

Frederick stammered, "U-u-um, I...."

"Frederick was about to fuck me, Master," I answered.

Frederick stared at me trying to comprehend my words.

"Get over here slut," Michael demanded.

I quickly crawled over to my son as Frederick watched bewildered.

"How dare you start without me, Mommy-slave," Michael said, pulling his pants down.

No instructions were needed as I pulled my son's cock out and took his semi-hard cock in my mouth.

Frederick gasped.

Michael explained, while his cock grew in my mouth, "My mom is my slut, Frederick. I am her master and she my personal fuck-toy, my sex-slave."

"But that is incest," Frederick said.

"Sex is sex, Frederick and there is nothing better than my mom's beautiful lips wrapped around my cock," Michael explained, before adding, "Well other than maybe my cock in her cunt or ass."

"You have sex with your mom?"

"Every day I fuck one, two or all three of her holes, don't I Mommy?"

"Yes, Master, my body is yours to use whenever you want and," I declared, and added looking back to Frederick, "with whomever you want."

Michael asked Frederick, as I returned to sucking my son's delicious cock, "You can keep this secret right?"

"I can't believe it," I heard Frederick say.

"That was not an answer," Michael said, before adding, "Mommy here wants to be double penetrated and I thought you would be the perfect choice to help me make that happen. Plus if you can keep our secret, you can have my mom whenever you want."

"Seriously?" Frederick asked.

"Am I serious, Mother?"

Taking Michael's beautiful cock out of my mouth, I stood up and sauntered seductively to the stunned Frederick. I said, demurely, "Frederick if you can keep our itty-bitty sinful secret you can shoot your cum in my mouth whenever you want, you can fuck my cunt whenever you want and you can bury that sweet cock of yours in my ass whenever you want."

"Fuck him, Mother," Michael ordered.

I pushed Frederick onto the couch and straddled him. Lowering my cunt on his erect cock I asked, "So do you think you can keep this a secret?"

"God, yeeees," he moaned, as my pussy swallowed his cock.

"You can't tell anyone," I said, his cock now fully in me.

"I swear," he whimpered.

"Not ever, baby," I purred.

"Kkkk," he barely got out.

"I ground my hips on his cock and added, "Good, because I will do anything for you to keep this secret." I leaned in and kissed him while I started slowly riding his cock.

For a couple of minutes we kissed, while I rode him gradually going faster and faster.

As expected, Michael joined us. I felt hands on my hips and he ordered, "Hold still, Mommy, it's time for your first double penetration."

"Yes, Master," I agreed, breaking the kiss.

Michael's cock slowly filled my ass and I whimpered, the sensation of a cock in my ass different with one already in my cunt.

Frederick watched in voyeuristic awe as his best friend sodomized his mother.

Michael explained, as his whole cock filled my ass, "Frederick, it is a long crazy story, but Mom has become my unconditional slut, my very own sex pet, as obedient as any loyal puppy, isn't that right, Mommy?"

I barked on approval.

"But how?" Frederick asked, still bewildered.

"I'll tell you the whole story later, let's make this the best prom ever," Michael said.

"Already there," Frederick smiled finally beginning to get comfortable with the bizarreness.

"Ride us, Mommy," my son, my Master, ordered.

I obeyed eagerly, although was surprised at how awkward it was to move with two cocks buried deep in me. I moved slowly trying to find a rhythm but after a couple of minutes of awkwardness Michael suggested, "Maybe we should fuck you instead, Mommy."

"God, yes," I agreed getting frustrated from the stop and go, which also had my orgasm not building, instead just an infuriating constant tease.

"Hold still, Mother," Michael ordered.

I quickly obeyed.

"You ready to really fuck my mom, Frederick?" Michael asked, I assume a big grin on his face.

"Fuck, yes," a growingly confident Frederick groaned.

"Buck your ass up Frederick as I slam forward on three ok," Michael instructed.

"Yep."

"One, two, three," Michael counted before they thrust into me, my breasts crashing into Frederick's face as I screamed, the double deepness bringing intense pleasure, "Yes, Fuuuuuuck meeeeeeeee, boooooooys."

And in perfect unison, I rose and fell as my son and his best friend double penetrated me. When both thrust deep in me, I felt so full that it almost felt like their cocks were touching. Each deep thrust had me making sounds I had never heard escape me before.

After only a few deep thrusts, my orgasm which had been simmering in 'no cum land' forever suddenly began quickly rising. "Don't stop," I whimpered as my orgasm continued its rise to eruption.

"Is Mommy close?" Michael asked.

"Yes, Master, your sluuuuuuut is sooo close," I answered, as another double thrust riddled my sexual senses.

After a few minutes of hardcore double pleasure, my breathing was getting erratic and Michael knew I was close. Michael softly instructed, "I want you to come for us my pet."

Frederick added, surprising me, "Come now slut, come for your Masters."

"Harder!" I screamed, knowing the tide was about to crash down on me.

Both added something extra as Frederick bucked up into me reaching new unexplored depths, Michael slammed into me and as tits crashed into Frederick's face my orgasm hit, one unlike any I had ever felt before. "Fuuuuuuck, you mother fuckers, your sluuuuut is coming."

Both continued the hardcore double penetration as my orgasm cascaded through me like a waterfall, washing through me, bringing me to a state of euphoria.

Watching me come was too much for the no longer virgin Frederick who grunted, "I'm coming too," and I felt my pussy walls sprayed with cum.

My son pulled out of my ass, walked around the couch and shoved his cock in my mouth. He face fucked me, his balls bouncing off my chin, as he used my mouth as his cum bank. I desperately tried to control my gag reflex as he slammed into my mouth and was thankful when the grunt and spray followed. He slowed down instantly after shooting his cum in my mouth, allowing me to savour his cum.

Pulling out of my mouth, he asked Frederick, who was being suffocated by my tits, "Was it as good as you imagined?"

I moved back so Frederick could breathe and talk.

"God yes, but it seems like a dream," Frederick said, a look of bewilderment still on his face.

I smiled, "Well, then keep dreaming, baby, I want you in my ass before prom is done."

"You can't be serious?" a clearly exhausted Frederick replied.

Michael laughed, "That's why I had to get you involved. She can go all night and again in the morning and again in the evening, it's a vicious exhausting circle."

"You poor baby," I quipped, grabbing his still hard cock. "You sexy fuckers are young and virile and thank God have quick recovery time."

Michael agreed, "Well, let's take a few minutes to recovery, grab some wine, maybe some whip cream and strawberries before going another round."

"You have ten minutes and then I want you boys reloaded," I demanded, standing up to stretch my legs, cum leaking down my leg. "Fuck Frederick, you came buckets."





"Years of solo practice," he shrugged.

"Well, now you have joined the big leagues," I quipped.

Suddenly the phone rang. I walked, naked except for my thigh high stockings, to the phone and answered it. "Oh hi, Crystal."

Michael smiled at an earlier promise of mine to seduce my daughter, his sister. Thankfully, I had been able to avoid it because Crystal lives three hours away. Michael whispered to Frederick, who nodded in agreement and walked over to me and began licking my cunt while I talked to my daughter.

"Yes, dear, I will pick you up at the airport. What time is your flight?"

She gave me the time, while Frederick eagerly licked my wet pussy, making it hard to concentrate, even harder when I realized he was possibly licking his own cum.

"E-mail it to me," I suggested, just as I felt cold liquid slide down my chest. I yelped, startled by Michael pouring wine down my front.

"No, no, I'm ok, sweetheart, just stubbed my toe. Can I call you back tomorrow, I am kind of in a sticky situation," I said, which made Michael laugh.

"Bye honey, look forward to seeing you," I said.

"All of you," Michael added, but thankfully Crystal had hung up by then. "So she is coming for my graduation?"

"Yes, she arrives neeeeext Thursday," I said, letting out a moan as Frederick slid a finger inside me.

"Delicious," Michael said.

"Yes she is," Frederick agreed, licking my pussy mixed with wine, oblivious to the next naughty plan Michael had in store for his pet mommy.

An hour later, Frederick had completed the tri-fecta of fucking, filling all three of my holes, and a quad-fecta if you include the hand- job at the restaurant. After a long ass fuck, he shot his last load all over my face at the suggestion of my son who had already did so a couple of minutes earlier after a long blow job from yours truly.

Frederick in the shower, Michael said, "Well that was fun."

"Fuck Michael, I haven't ever been fucked so thoroughly," I admitted, my knees sore, my jaw aching, and my ass and cunt raw.

"So I finally found a way to literally fuck you to submission," Michael smiled.

"You fucked me into submission long ago, Master," I smiled, noticing his cock was growing again and instantly craved his cum, like an addict. I asked, "A midnight snack?"

"Snack away, my pet," Michael offered. "Pretty soon you will be snacking on Crystal's cunt."

Stopping just before taking his cock back in my mouth, "About that," I said.

"Yes?"

"I am not sure it is such a good idea."

"You're not going to disobey an order from your Master, are you?"

"It's just how am I supposed to seduce my own daughter?"

"You seduced me," he pointed out.

"I know but seducing a guy is pretty easy and I knew you already fantasized about me," I pointed out. "Plus, we have no reason to believe she is bi."

"Well, I guess this will be more of a challenge," Michael said, snapping his fingers.

Like a dog begging for a bone, I had been conditioned to obey at the snap of my son's fingers. As I bobbed up and down on my son's cock, I tried to figure out how I would go about seducing my daughter. The idea turned me on, obeying Michael turned me on, yet making his next fantasy a reality was truly going to be a challenge.

That said, like all submissive sluts, I was always up for a challenge.

The end

Coming in 2013: part 3 Daughter comes home!

Author's Note:

I really have no idea how I plan to make such a complicated seduction work. So if you enjoyed the story and have any ideas drop me a line or leave a comment.

Jasmine

"Pet Mommy": Fucking with Mommy-Slut
bysilkstockingslover©

Recap: This is actually part three. Obviously, you should read parts 1 and 2 first, as they will help understand how the mother ended up where she is now; if you already have read the first two parts and can't remember the basic plot or just want to start here on part three...here is a very brief summary of the story so far.

"Pet Mommy": Creating a Mommy-Slut Summary: A mother learns her son fantasizes about fucking her and, realizing just how much he resembles her deceased dominant husband, decides to make his fantasy a reality...in the end seducing her son and becoming his submissive pet mommy.

"Pet Mommy": DP Mommy Slut!-Summary: A mother's dominant son makes another fantasy come true...her first double penetration. He also insists that she seduce her daughter and give her to him as a present at his graduation. That is what part three will focus on.

Notes: Thanks as always to my editors MAB7991, Leann and Goamz for the laborious amount of time they spend in helping to make this sequel better.

"Pet Mommy": Fucking with Mommy-Slut

I love Michael, my son.

I love how he has become the man of the household, I love that he knows what I need sexually.

I love that he has discovered my long lost submissive side.

I love that he uses all three of my holes whenever he wishes, even sharing me with his best friend Frederick has been amazing.

I love the taste of his cum in my mouth, his cum exploding in my pussy and his cum leaking out of my ass.

I love that he is my Master and that I am his submissive.

Yet, it is one thing to make a promise while in the throes of passion, it is another to attempt to fulfill it once clarity hits; his latest expectation of me...to seduce his sister, my daughter, which seems an impossible expectation to fulfill.

.....

Two days before Crystal was to return home for Michael's graduation, Michael asked, while his cock was pounding my ass slowly, his cum still dripping out of my cunt from his last load just a few minutes ago, what my seduction plan was?

"I-I-I don't know," I stammered, distracted by just how good his cock felt in my ass, not to mention I really had no good idea how to make such an impossibility a possibility.

His cock lodged deep in my ass, he stopped fucking me as he pointed out, clearly disappointed by my answer, "Mother, it has almost been a week. She is going to be here in two nights. I expect her on her knees, ready to please me by Saturday evening, is that clear?"

He pulled out and slammed into my ass hard. I screamed, "Buuuuuuuuut hooooooooow?"

"You want my help?" He asked.

"Of course, Master," I purred, trying desperately to get him to assist in this crazy conquest he had in mind. Oddly, when horny, which was often, the idea of seducing my daughter was quite the turn-on; I had already crossed the line in every way possible with my son, doing it a second time with my daughter didn't seem as bad as the back and forth guilt I felt while seducing him. Accepting yourself for who you are and ignoring society's beliefs on incest was very liberating. So was doing research on incest and realizing three things:

1. Historically, it used to be quite common.

2. Although not talked about openly, incest is much more common than let on...once you dig deeper into the underbelly of society's false expectations.

3. The more I accepted the first two, the easier it was to convince myself that there was no better way to show how much I loved my son than to give myself to him unconditionally: mind, body and soul. After all, those are the exact expectations of a woman when she marries a man and that was exactly what I had done with my husband for all those years. In the most simplistic terms, Michael had replaced his father as head of the household and now received the exact same benefits my husband used to enjoy. Plus, as much as I loved my husband, god bless his soul, I love my son even more.

"On Friday take her shopping somewhere to get her a new dress for the graduation ceremony, and then suggest going to a lingerie store as well, telling her you have a new man in your life," he began.

"Okay," I moaned, his cock pumping in my ass a constant distraction. "I am not sure that will be enough."

"Well, if she is as big a slut as her mother, it may be, but I thought while you were bonding with her, I would go do some reconnaissance on her computer," he continued.

"Oooooh," I moaned, thinking this idea seemed like a good start.

"If the eyes are the gateway into the soul of a person, their hard drive is the gateway into the true kink in them," he concluded, something that was pretty hard to disagree with.

On the computer you could research secret kinks, read stories based on such interests, have chats with people with similar kinks and, of course, watch every type of porn imaginable, many of which I never knew existed (Did you know there is cartoon porn site involving many of the cartoon characters we grew up watching? I sure didn't). Since seducing my son, I have watched online incest porn and read lots of incest stories. Each story making my guilt fade away little by little. Since Michael's order to seduce Crystal, I have been reading mother-daughter incest stories trying to find ideas to use to come up with a game plan. Yet, incest stories are exactly that and making such a seduction a reality was way more complex then pen on paper.

"That's a good idea," I moaned, my orgasm starting to build, my greatest orgasms coming from anal sex (strange but true).

"And just to add a little motivation to your task," he announced, surprising me by pulling out of me, he loved coming in my ass.

"Whaaaat?" I whimpered, frustrated he had pulled out with me so close to orgasm.

He moved around and shoved his pulsing, stiff cock in my mouth and began fucking my mouth as he explained, "You are not allowed to come until your task is completed."

My eyes went wide; the gravity of his expectation and the consequences of failure were now clear. I would have responded, but his cock was fucking my mouth, his balls spanking my chin with each thrust forward. I usually loved his aggressive need to come approach, but with my orgasm so close and knowing I was no longer allowed to come, I was super annoyed.

He continued, "You can still get your daily dose of my cum with blow jobs but you are not allowed to cooooome."

His sweet white stuff exploded in my mouth and I focused on swallowing it all like I had been trained to do, wasting cum was way worse than wasting booze. He slowed down as I milked his cock for every last trace of his addicting sperm.

Finally, he pulled out and continued the conversation as if it hadn't been interrupted when he shot his load in his mother's mouth, "Is that understand, Pet Mommy?"

"Yes," I answered, stretching my mouth after the quick pounding it just took.

"You don't like the idea?" He asked, clearly catching my disappointed tone.

"May I speak honestly?" I asked, looking up at him.

"Of course," he shrugged, his cock beginning to shrink before me. It really is one of the real great wonders of the world, the beauty of a cock growing to an aroused state or a just-shot-its-load-cock slowly going back into sexual hibernation.

"I am very close right now, Master," I explained, praying for sexual release.

"All the better for you to really understand the full depth of my expectations of you, I want Crystal as my graduation present," he answered.

"I just don't know if I can do it," I admitted.

"I know you can, Mom," he said, putting his cock back in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around giving his cock a quick wash before he pulled out and said, "Now, no more of this defeatist mindset, is that understood?"

"Yes, I understand," I answered, adding jokingly, "May I go and have a cold shower?"

"Does that work for women?" He asked with a chuckle.

Standing up, I answered, "I'm about to find out."

Although the coldness didn't distinguish the burning flame entirely, it cooled down the fire inside enough to let me think straight.

The next two days were torture as I tried to resist the temptation to come, especially when each morning wake up and evening bed time included me swallowing a load of Michael's cum. I wanted him in my cunt and ass, I wanted to be fucked, pounded, and used. Yet, each time Michael only reminded me of the task at hand.

When not being used as a cum deposit, or working, I was reading sex stories, chatting with online mothers who had seduced their daughters (if they were really mothers) and trying to formulate a plan that had a chance of working. In the end, a mixture of flattery, intimate contact and open conversations seemed to be the key...and, of course, booze. The problem was I was on a very strict timeline.

The morning of the day Crystal was to arrive, Michael deposited a load down my belly for breakfast and asked, "So, is my pet excited for her new task?"

"I'm excited to be allowed to come and to make you happy," I answered.

"You don't want to seduce your daughter?" he asked, his tone implying he was actually surprised by this possibility.

"More scared than anything," I answered. "Even though I knew it was technically wrong when I seduced you, I knew it was your fantasy."

"That it was," he smiled, his beautiful cock beginning to shrink.

"But Crystal...first of all girls are different," I began.

"Oh, I beg to differ," he quipped back, tracing my lips with his cock.

"Okay, but I am the exception," I smiled back, licking the bottom of his cock.

"Well Crystal looks like you, has the same body as you and the same quirky personality as you," Michael pointed out.

"So if Mommy is an incest slut, Crystal must be an incest slut too?" I quipped, moving my tongue to his balls, something I had never done to him before.

"It's a theory," he moaned, as I took one of his balls in my mouth.

I didn't respond as I pleasured one ball and then the other.

"Shit Slut, you never cease to surprise me," he moaned softly.

"I aim to please," I replied.

"That you do, Mom," he agreed, calling me mom without any derogatory words before it or after it was rare when we were alone. I was used to pet mommy or mommy slut, mommy whore, mommy slave or the past couple days just 'cum bucket'.

I slid my tongue back up his stiff rod wishing he would just fuck me hard.

As if reading my mind, "Does Crystal's mom want her back door plugged?"

Using my daughter's name was strange, yet I responded, playing along, "Yes, Master, Crystal's mom would love her back door to be pillaged."

"Show me that ass," he ordered.

If there were an obedience speed Olympics event, I am sure I would have set a new world record as I quickly got in position offering my ass to my son.

"You are such a good bad mommy," he commented, his cock now between my ass cheeks, teasing my hunger.

"Please Master, I need it soooo bad," I begged, my hunger for his cock more addicting than nicotine.

"What are you willing to do for it," he asked, the head of his cock just pushing into my tight rosebud.

"Whatever you wish, Master," I responded, so horny I would walk into church, drop to my knees and blow our minister during his sermon if ordered.

"You will eat your daughter's pussy?" He questioned, his beautiful cock so close to filling me.

"I'll be her mommy-slut too if you want, Master. I'll make sure she is in stockings for you on Saturday when I offer up your sister as a gift for you," I answered, the idea turning me on more than I thought it would.

"If you promise she will be my slut by Saturday night I will let you come from a good hard ass fucking," he offered, as his cock broke through and slid in my wanton ass.

"Yeeeees," I screamed, a two day withdrawal two days too long.

He started slow but I begged, "Don't make love to Mommy's ass, baby, pound it."

Obliging the unique mother request, he slammed into my ass filling me so fully that my orgasm began bubbling inside me after just a few strokes.

"Oh God, Michael, I love your cock in my ass," I screamed. "Promise me you will never stop using Mommy."

"That is one promise I know I can keep," he laughed between deep hard thrusts.

He fucked me deep and hard for a while until my orgasm was inevitable.

"Oh yes, Michael, I looooooove yooooooou," I screamed like the slut I was, as I came from being ass fucked from my son.

"I love you too, Mom," he replied, even as he continued hammering away as my orgasm coursed through me.

"Fill my ass with your cream, baby, I want to walk around all day with the constant reminder of you," I said, the thought so nasty that another gush of pleasure pulsated through me.

"Fuck you are such a hot little slut, Mom," he groaned.

"Just your slut, son," I moaned back, as my ass began bouncing back on his cock, my ass clenching as I tried to milk his cock dry.

"And Frederick's," Michael reminded, memories of my first double penetration flooding back to me, causing a second orgasm to begin building inside me.

"Yes, and your best friend who you shared your mommy-slut with," I agreed, wishing I had a second cock for my cunt now and maybe even a third to blow, another fantasy I had not yet fulfilled.

"And soon you will have either a Mistress or a pet of your own," he added, throwing in another wrinkle to the upcoming seduction of my college daughter. I just assumed I would be the submissive, but making my demanding daughter my pet...well, that was suddenly a delicious idea.

I asked, "Do you want your bitchy sister to be my mistress or Mommy's little cunt slave?"

"Both sound delicious, but it would be awesome to see her knocked down a peg or two," he answered, as I continued riding his cock with my ass.

"I'll make her my little eager cunt-licking, cocksucking, ass fucking submissive for us," I moaned, getting drawn into the nasty seduction, a second orgasm inevitable.

"Shoot, Mom, you know just the right words to say."

A few more hard bounces back on his stiff rod and I was about to burst as I begged, "May I come again, my son, my master?"

"You really are insatiable," Michael responded.

"You turned on my long dormant inner slut, baby, and it has no intention of ever going back into slumber," I squealed back, holding back the inevitable earthquake.

"Don't you dare cum until I do, slut," he ordered.

"Okay, baby," I moaned, knowing that as soon as I felt my son's seed fill my back door my orgasm would follow instantly. It seemed I had an ass trigger as absurd as that was. Knowing he liked dirty talk, I asked, "Should Mommy go and buy a nice big strap-on to fuck your sister?"

"Shit, yes," he grunted, clearly close.

"Or maybe a double-ended dildo so we could fuck each other, our stocking-clad feet pressed together," I continued, turning myself on as I tried to get him off.

"Here it comes, you cum slut," he grunted, the second his cum shot inside my ass my own orgasm triggered as I came simultaneously.

I continued slowly moving back on his cock as we both enjoyed the after effects of our orgasm.

Pulling out eventually, Michael said, "I really do love you, Mom."

"I love you too, son," I replied, the soft words warming my heart.

The brief minute of intimacy was short lived as Michael spanked my ass and ordered, "Now go and make my sister our slut."

"Yes, Master," I agreed, a little more excited about the possible seduction now that I thought of it in terms of her being my pet and not the other way around. Crystal had been a handful to raise, unlike Michael who was pretty simple. The thought of disciplining her sexually somehow made Michael's demand exciting to attempt to complete...plus the payoff would be awesome.

All day at work, I was distracted thinking about the next 48 hours and the seemingly impossible, yet incredibly intoxicating possibility.

.....

That evening, after swallowing loads from both Frederick and Michael, I headed to the airport to pick up Crystal. I had butterflies in my stomach as I contemplated the task at hand.

The flight was late and Crystal, being Crystal, was in a foul mood as she ranted about the inept stewardesses and the turbulence as if the gods were after her.

Trying to be a normal mother, once in the vehicle, I asked about her first year and about how the summer job was going, college already done, and how she enjoyed the west coast. I learned her job working as a secretary at a dental clinic was mind-numbingly boring, she loved the ocean but hated the cool breeze and she was on a 'I hate all men' phase.

An opening given, I joked, "Well, you could be a lesbian."

She laughed, "I am seriously considering it."

Trying to keep the conversation going, I admitted, "Can't deny I don't miss my college days."

Crystal's eyes went big. "Mom, are you implying what I think you're implying?"

"I don't know what you think I'm implying, I am just saying I miss the carefree college dorm days," I replied coyly, before adding, another seed planted, "and nights, late, late nights."

Crystal was clearly stunned by my implication that I played around with other girls in college. After a brief moment of silence, she said stunned, "I can't believe you dyked out in college."

"I didn't say I did...as you so eloquently put it...dyke out."

"You implied it," she countered.

"No, you construed it," I countered right back, enjoying the verbal manipulation and frustration and confusion I was clearly causing her.

"So Mother, do you have any naughty secrets from your past?" Crystal asked, seemingly impressed her old bag of a mother may have been wild when younger.

"Do you?" I countered, continuing to elude answering her questions.

"Are you asking your daughter if she is s dyke?" Crystal asked, clearly surprised by my strange behaviour.

"Dyke is such a crude word," I replied, continuing to manipulate her, trying to draw her into my web of seduction as I tried to feel her out.

"Sorry, Mother," she said, her tone implying she was annoyed by me. Using her bluntness she was usually known for she asked, "Did you lez out back in college?"

"Define lez out," I requested.

"You are more frustrating than my last boyfriend was," she said, exasperated by my answers. She asked bluntly, "Licking pussy, munching cunt."

"Crystal," I said scolding her, "watch your language."

"Are you kidding me?" She asked.

I glared at her for a moment before breaking in laughter and answered her question vaguely, "I too was young and carefree once."

"So you did?" she asked clearly wanting to hear the words out of my mouth.

"Did I eat pussy and munch cunt?" I asked with a smile, repeating her foul language, she still unaware just how dirty my mouth was or what it had been filled with daily ever since my seduction.

"Mom, what has gotten into you?" she gasped.

"That is a rather personal question," I joked, as we rolled into the driveway.

"I can't believe this conversation," Crystal said, her tone portraying just how overwhelmed she was by the frank, yet vague, conversation.

"You're an adult now Crystal," I said, putting my hand on her leg. I softened my tone as I said, "I want us to have a much deeper relationship than mother and daughter," the real meaning of my words much more sinister than it sounded.

"Really?" Crystal asked, used to her and I bumping heads more times than not, although I hoped to be doing a whole different type of bumping with her soon.

"Of course, honey. You're turning twenty soon. I want our relationship to move to another level, "I explained, staring into her blue eyes, my pussy wet with intent.

Crystal was so surprised by the shift in our mother-daughter relationship, she said, "Cool," still sounding like a teenager, which she technically was.

I gave her leg a firm squeeze as I added, "Of course, I am still your mother, and I always know what is best for you."

"There she is," Crystal smiled.

"There who is?" I asked, although I knew exactly what she went.

"The mother I know," she countered, laughing gently.

Leaving her with ominous implications, I responded as I opened my door, "Oh honey, I know you think you know me, but you only know me as your mother, not as a woman."

Before she could respond, I got out of the car allowing my words to fluster her. I was thrilled with just how well the drive went, the seeds of seduction slyly planted.

That night, Crystal went out to see some friends after agreeing to go shopping with me tomorrow afternoon. The plan was I would work half a day, pick her up for lunch and then go get new outfits for both of us for Saturday's graduation ceremony.

Michael and Frederick went out as well, going to a nine o'clock movie leaving me home alone. Happy with my progress, I drew myself a bubble bath and relaxed knowing tomorrow was going to be potentially another life-altering seduction.

.....

Friday morning, Michael had school and woke me up with his cock tapping my lips.

I groggily woke up, the bubble bath apparently assisting in giving me a great night's sleep and I asked, "With Crystal home?"

"She didn't get home until after two, she won't be up for hours," Michael explained, filling my mouth before I even fully opened it.

In my position, I couldn't suck his cock instead just allowing him to slowly fuck my mouth. After a few minutes of slow fucking my mouth, he pulled out, tugged me out of bed, and guided me to my natural place of obedience on my knees before him. He shoved his throbbing member back in my mouth, put his hands on my head, and began pounding my face. His balls bounced against my chin as his cock violated my throat.

Michael must have been fantasizing about adding a second submissive incest slave as he was more rough and aggressive than usual, I even gagged slightly a couple of times.

Finally, without warning, Michael's cum filled my mouth and I gagged again, some cum dripping out of my mouth and onto my pajamas and the floor.

Disappointed in myself for gagging and spilling some of his sweet seed, as soon as he pulled out and released my head from his vice-like grip, I leaned to the floor and licked up the small puddle of white goo.

"One day," was all Michael said as he left my room, as I got off the floor and began my day.

I dressed in a black knee high skirt and black thigh highs that I hoped would be a conversation piece when we were trying on dresses. I finished the outfit with a black lace bra and a blue patterned blouse that fit tight around my breasts.

I texted Crystal at eleven to make sure she was awake and surprisingly she was, although she hadn't showered yet. I told her I would pick her up around quarter after twelve.

I arrived home and Crystal came out surprisingly in a flowery sun dress, although not surprisingly she wasn't wearing nylons, something I would have to change. In the car, she asked, looking at my attire, "Are we going somewhere fancy?"

I laughed, "Did I use to dress that poorly that this is fancy?"

She responded, "I didn't mean that. You look very good, it actually makes you look younger."

As I started driving, I said, "That is the nicest thing you have ever said to me."

Crystal was in a lot better mood this morning and we chatted about her idea of changing her major to become a high school teacher which surprised me a bit, but I was just happy she finally seemed confident in her choice.

We had a great lunch where I skirted anything that would be remotely edgy, keeping the conversation light and relaxed.

It wasn't until we were walking into the upscale clothing store that I began the seduction. I asked, "So what were you thinking of wearing tomorrow?"

"I truthfully hadn't put any thought into it," Crystal shrugged.

"I thought we would really have some fun and get really dolled up," I said as we reached the cocktail dresses.

"Aren't these a bit too classy for a high school graduation," she asked as I reached for a fire truck red dress.

"You can never be too classy," I shrugged.

"If you say so," Crystal responded.

"Trust me," I countered as I handed her the red dress.

"For me?" She asked, clearly surprised.

"You'll look really hot in this," I said, trying to build her confidence.

"It is kind of expensive," she said, seeing the price tag.

"My treat. Every woman should have two dresses at their disposal: a sexy slinky black fuck me dress and an elegant tease all gown."

"Mother, a fuck me dress?" Crystal said, again surprised by my language, before adding, "I don't have either," she replied.

"Well, time to rectify that," I smiled, before adding, "Go try it on."

"Okay," she said, a twinkle of excitement in her eyes.

I grabbed a dress for myself, gold, moved to another area where I looked at a couple of sexy little black numbers and headed into the dressing room area. Surprising my daughter, I knocked on the door.

"Just a second, Mom," Crystal replied.

I waited a few seconds before she came out looking radiant, although the dress was a size too big.

"You look gorgeous," I complimented.

"It is a bit too big," she said.

"I'll get you another size," I smiled, joking, "I forgot you are a bit slimmer than me."

"Oh, you are in amazing shape, Mom," Crystal replied.

"Thanks honey," I said, pulling her in for a big hug.

I held on a bit longer than a normal mother-daughter hug and allowed my hand to rest briefly on her ass. Breaking the hug, I said, "Go get undressed, I'll get you a smaller size."

Crystal returned to the dressing room as I grabbed another size.

When I returned, I walked right in her room as if it weren't a big deal.

"Mom!" Crystal said surprised, only in bra and panties, sadly unflattering grandma panties.

"Honey, we are two adults," I countered, as I handed her the dress, "besides I've seen you in swimsuits that covered less."

She sighed but took the dress and put it on, as I started getting undressed myself.

Again she seemed surprised as she asked, "Mom! What are you doing?"

"Trying on a dress," I answered, as if the question was obvious.

By then, my skirt was down and Crystal gasped, "Where are your panties?"

I answered, "In my drawer."

"Why are you not wearing any?" She asked, staring at my shaved pussy.

"I like the thrill of dressing sexy underneath," I replied, adding the sexual naughtiness to our conversation, "Plus, I don't want anyone having to eat a hair pie," I replied, each answer revealing a bit more of the new me.

"Oh my God," she gasped, still staring at my shaved cunt.

"That's what she said," I quipped back.

"And you are wearing stockings?" she continued, clearly stunned by the new me.

I shrugged, "Actually, they are thigh highs and they make me feel sexy and give easier access, if you know what I mean."

"Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God," Crystal gasped again, stunned by my frank sexual innuendo.

"What?" I asked. "You do know your mother has sex, don't you? Quite a lot actually."

"Please stop," she replied, as she covered her ears.

I laughed, as I took off my blouse and put on my dress, Crystal did the same.

"How do I look?" I asked her; she was clearly rattled by the TMI I had just revealed.

"Good," she answered.

"Ouch," I replied.

"What?" She asked, surprised by my reaction.

"No woman wants up be told they look good. It is such a generic term," I said, before adding, "for example, you look radiant in that dress."

"I do?" She asked, surprised by my word choice.

"And alluring and sensual," I added to the flattery.

Her face went red, obviously surprised by my excess flattery and word choices.

"That said, it is missing one thing," I said, before adding, "wait here."

Crystal began to ask what it needed but I left before she could finish asking.

I grabbed a pair of mocha thigh highs which would definitely enhance her legs with the red dress and returned to the changing room.

Once back in the room, I opened the package and instructed Crystal, "Sit down, dear."

"What? Why?" She asked, still a bit rattled by my strange behaviour.

"Just sit down," I ordered, my tone implying a lack of patience.

She obeyed as she sat on the bench in the room her facial expression perplexed. The package open, I quickly and expertly, rolled a stocking up and then knelt in front of her. The sheer shock in her eyes was hilarious as I ordered, "Lift your foot up, honey."

She did even as her facial expression showed utter confusion.

I rolled the stocking up her leg, going slowly, trying to tease her in the process.

"Lift up, dear," I instructed as the lace top got close to her thigh.

Although it was obvious she was taken aback by my more authoritative behaviour, she obeyed, lifting up her leg so I could finish putting the stocking on. Once on, I replicated the slow, slightly sensual putting on of the second stocking where she, without instruction, lifted up her leg to allow me to finish putting on the second stocking.

"Stand up," I ordered; beginning to think Crystal may indeed be submissive.

She obeyed.

"Wow," I said, grabbing her hand and leading her to the big mirrors just outside the changing room.

Looking at herself in the mirrors her demeanour changed as she stared at herself as if not believing it was her.

"You look radiant, Crystal, absolutely gorgeous," I sugar-coated the flattery, although I was telling the truth, she did look radiant."

She remained speechless. I whispered into her ear, "Every senior boy is going to want to fuck you, while every senior girl will wish she was you."

"Mom!" Crystal gasped, my hot breath directly on her ear, clearly distracting her.

"Or eat you, if that is your thing." I added, smiling deviously.

"Mom!" She repeated.

"What, isn't being bi the new 'in' thing?" I asked.

"Mom!" She said yet again.

"Sorry, Crystal, it is just I have regained my sexual appetite recently, and it has really played havoc with my naughty innuendo talk," I explained.

"TMI," she said covering her ears.

I took her hands in mine and said looking directly at her. "Crystal, I don't have many girl friends and I was hoping you and I could have some frank discussions about life, love and sex."

"This is just too weird," she answered.

"I know, but pretend I am not your mom, but just another girl chatting," I said, before adding with puppy dog eyes, "Will you please do that for me?"

"O-o-okay," she stammered, unsure.

"Stay here, I am going to get you the right panties for this outfit," I said, before adding, "unless you want to go commando."

She laughed finally, the ice wall of awkwardness breaking down, as she said, "I think I will probably wear some panties to a high school function, as should you."

"That is what makes it even more fun," I smiled. "No one knows that underneath the reserved mommy exterior is a sexy, horny MILF ready to get fucked."

"Oh my God, what has gotten into you," Crystal gasped.

"Not what I need," I quipped, leaving her before the conversation could continue, letting my naughtiness marinate in her head.

My phone vibrated and I checked the new message.

Mommy-slut,

I did the recon on her computer. The results are not completely conclusive, but she reads a lot of online porn. A lot of it is lesbian, although a lot isn't. Much of it seems to have submissive female characters. Although I can't tell if she is sub or domme.

Master Michael

I texted back.

Master

She is sub without a doubt. Any incest stories in her collection of porn?

Mommy-slut

I grabbed a red thong that couldn't be considered underwear when I got another text.

Mommy-slut

There were a few, not many, and no brother and sister stories sadly, but there were two or three mother-daughter stories.

Master Michael

This new information in hand, I returned to the changing room and walked in again unannounced. Crystal was still admiring herself in the mirror.

"Take off your panties, my dear."

"Pardon?" she asked again surprised by my words.

"Take off your panties; I have something sexier for you."

"This just keeps getting weirder," she said, but again obeyed me.

Once they were off, I knelt down and said, "Lift up your foot, honey."

She obeyed and I slid the thong up her leg.

Looking at what I had brought, she said, "You call that underwear?"

"Sexy underwear," I shrugged as she lifted her other foot even as she feigned mortification at my choice.

"More like dental floss," she quipped back.

"Sexy dental floss," I retorted as I pulled the thin fabric up her legs.

"I can do it," Crystal said, reaching down.

I let her finish pulling up the thong and asked, "So are you happy with the outfit?"

"It seems a bit much," Crystal said, although she couldn't stop looking at herself in the mirror.

"Every gal needs such an outfit," I countered, before adding, "Plus, like I said before, Mommy's buying."

"Mommy's buying," she repeated, making fun of me for using the word 'Mommy'. "Who can resist that offer?"

"No one will be able to resist you in that outfit," I replied, continuing to coat on the flattery.

"Oh Mommy," she smiled, continuing her playful, unlike her, behaviour. I felt confident I had broken her usual hard shell and opened the door to the seduction I was expected to complete.

"Oh Mommy indeed," I replied, playfully right back, my tone dripping with foreshadowing of those words being used in a different context very soon.

"I should probably take all these off until you pay for them, don't you think?" she asked.

"I suppose that is a good idea," I agreed.

Crystal laughed, "This new mom is a refreshing surprise."

"You have no idea," I replied.

As we got undressed, Crystal began to take the thigh highs off, but I said, "Keep them on and the thong. I got the packaging still for the stockings and the price tag off the thong for them to scan."

"Okay," she shrugged, obeying every order I gave her now with little hesitation or reservation.

We finished undressing and getting dressed in the clothes we came in with, before heading out of the dressing room and towards the check out.

I asked Crystal, "Would you like to have a girls' night tonight?"

"What would that entail?" She asked, not just saying no like she would have in the past.

"Supper and dancing," I shrugged.

"Sounds like fun," Crystal casually agreed.

"It's a date," I said.

"Mom that is so 1980s," she said, old Crystal back.

"I am from the 80s," I protested.

"Dressed as you are you don't look it," Crystal said.

"I'll take that as a compliment," I said as we reached the cashier.

"You should. I meant it as one," Crystal replied, her hand squeezing my ass.

A chill went up my spine at how well the afternoon had gone so far. I paid for our outfits; we hit two more shops to pick up an outfit for our girls' night before we headed home.

At home, Crystal said, "I think I am going to take a nap if we are going out on the town."

"Crystal that is so 1990s," I joked.

"Oh Mom," she said, giving me a surprise hug. "Thanks for this afternoon, it was surprisingly fun."

"Then wait until tonight," I promised. "I have another big surprise in store."

"I can't wait," she said, while yawning.

Once she was gone, Michael, who was playing video games in the living room, came into the kitchen and said, "How is your task coming along?"

"Better than anticipated," I replied, which was true. While I wasn't convinced I could seal the deal of seducing his sister and delivering her to him, especially in this ridiculously tight time frame, I was happy with the many seeds I had planted.

"Let's see if your afternoon really exhausted her or if she is going to her room to masturbate," he said, opening the lap top he had in his arms.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"More recon," he said, as I realized I was looking at Crystal's bedroom just as she walked in.

"You put a camera in her room?" I asked, even though the answer was obvious since I was watching her room live.

"Actually, I did it a few days ago," he said as he sat down. "Want to watch?"

"I don't know," I said, part of me feeling guilty of violating her privacy, another part turned on by the idea of watching and seeing if I had any impact on her.

"In that case, crawl under the table and blow me," he instructed, his eyes never leaving the computer screen.

I sighed, wishing I would have answered differently curious to see my impact, as I obeyed, crawling under the kitchen table, between my son's legs and fished out his cock.

"She is going to her closet," Michael announced, apparently he was going to do a play by play account of everything she did.

I took his cock out, still almost completely flaccid, and awkwardly, in the confined space took it into my mouth.

"Oooh! She has toys in her closet," Michael announced.

I had cleaned her room rather thoroughly while she was away for college so this came as a surprise. I wished I could be watching, but instead slowly sucked Michael's cock as it began to grow in my warm mouth.

"She is on her bed, still dressed in thigh highs, good job Mommy, by the way getting her in nylons, and she is beginning to use a vibrator on herself," Michael announced, as I imagined the scene in my head. Had I turned her on that much? What was she fantasizing about as she pleasured herself? Was her seduction actually possible? These and many other thoughts played in my mind as Michael's cock became rock hard between my lips and I started to bob faster.

I wanted more intel from Michael but he was silent for a long time as I pleasured him from under the kitchen table. Determined to get him off so I could watch my daughter pleasure herself, I bobbed furiously back and forth on his stiff rod.

Unfortunately, before I could get Michael off, Crystal got herself off. Michael said, "She really is a gusher when she comes, Mommy-slut. You will get a good mouthful."

I envisioned being between Crystal's legs, something that seemed so out there when Michael first came up with the idea, but now the possibility had my pussy wet with anticipation.

"Oh my, she is cleaning the toy with her mouth," Michael said, his tone giddy like a teenage pervert and not the Dom he had become.

My head spun with the possibility of making Crystal submit even as I bobbed hungrily on Michael's cock.

"Oh oh," Michael said.

"What?" I asked from under the kitchen table.

"Crystal is coming downstairs," Michael revealed, as I heard him frantically clicking on his computer. "Keep sucking Mommy-slut," he ordered.

I obeyed, realizing I didn't have time to get out from my very compromising position, but was thankful that the long table cloth would hide me pretty well unless she bent down to look for some reason or she heard me.

A few seconds later, Crystal opened the fridge and asked Michael, "Where's Mom?"

"I don't know," he replied, before stirring the pot, speaking in his usual soft, caring, nerdy way, "you look flush, Crystal, are you feeling okay?"

Crystal stammered, "I-I-I'm a bit tired. Just needed a drink and then I am going to take a nap."

"I thought you went to take a nap fifteen minutes ago," Michael goaded her.

The longer Michael continued this conversation with Crystal the more likely I was to be caught. Oddly, the thought of getting caught even though mortifying mentally had my pussy dripping wet.

"I was, but like I said I needed a drink," Crystal said, her tone annoyed like she often was with her little brother.

"Sure, sure," Michael said, implying he didn't believe her.

I heard the fridge close and Crystal say, "Like I care what you think."

Michael didn't respond as Crystal left the kitchen and I, realizing my submissive slut mother secret was still safe, began bobbing faster.

Michael ordered, "Get out from under there, Slut."

I obeyed, thankful to be off my knees. Once I was standing up, he said, his stiff cock wet with my saliva, "Bend over the kitchen table, Mommy, I'm going to fuck your ass."

"With Crystal upstairs?" I asked.

"Now!" He demanded, his voice rising, clearly annoyed at the way his snobby older sister had treated him.

Obeying like the submissive I was, consequences of my incest submission out of my control, I lifted up my skirt, bent over the kitchen table, exposing my cunt and ass him.

"You better teach your slut daughter her place in this house, Mother," he said, as he got behind me.

"Yes, Master, she will soon learn who rules this house," I replied, my body shifting from worried about being caught too excited about getting fucked.

"That's better," Michael purred, as he rubbed his cock up and down from my wet pussy lips to the crack of my ass.

"Fuck me, baby," I moaned, his teasing driving me crazy.

"With your daughter just upstairs?" He questioned mockingly.

"You mean your sister slave very soon?" I purred back, getting into the naughty play.

"Yes, my slutty sister slave and her Mistress Mommy," he countered, as his cock slipped into my cunt.

"Oh yes, Michael, fuck Mommy's cunt," I moaned in a whisper, the idea of being a mistress an added turn on, as was the thrill and fear of getting caught.

"Don't you come, Mommy," Michael ordered. "You can't come unless it is from Crystal's tongue."

"Kkkk," I whimpered, frustrated by the no-coming order, my orgasm bubbling inside me already.

"But you can have my cum," he said, as he continued pumping his cock in and out of my cunt.

After another minute of hard deep fucking, and focusing on not coming, he asked, "Where do you want my cum, Mommy-slut?"

"Wherever you want to put it," I replied, continuing to allow him to make all the decisions.

"Hmmmmm," he groaned, although his tone was more mischievous than pondering. "On your knees, slut."

He pulled out and I quickly spun around and dropped to my knees. Michael stroked his cock and seconds later I saw the first rope of cum shoot out of his cock and into my hair. A second shot hit my forehead before a third smaller shot landed in my open, eager mouth.

As soon as Michael stopped spewing his load on my face, I took his still pulsing cock back in my mouth like I always did to retrieve any last remnants of his seed.

A minute later, Michael pulled out and said, "Did you know there is a lesbian club in town."

Still on my knees, I answered, "No, I didn't."

"It is apparently a pretty famous lesbian club," Michael continued, as he assisted me off my knees.

"Interesting," I said.

"You should take Crystal there tonight," Michael suggested.

"We are going out for a girls' night," I said.

"Perfect," he smiled, leaning in and kissing me. Breaking the soft kiss, he said, "I was going to make you walk in Crystal's room with my cum on your face, but I think I will save that for if you fail tonight."

I gasped at his naughtiness, although relieved for the brief reprieve, "You are such a bad boy."

"And you are such a good mom," he smiled back.

I scooped his cum off my forehead and put it in my mouth. "I doubt I am going to win Mother of the Year."

"You would in my books," he smiled, kissing me again.

"Now go finish your task," he said, slapping my ass, before going back to the living room.

I went and had a cold, cold shower as I tried to cool down, it having kind of worked last time. An afternoon of lesbian innuendo with Crystal, mixed with more sexual risk and humiliation from Michael had me really revved up. Thankfully, although the shower didn't extinguish the fire completely, it did calm me down considerably. As I looked in the mirror, I pondered was I really going to seduce my daughter?

Three hours later, Crystal and I were dressed and heading out for a night on the town.

Michael, who had resumed his docile, nerdy self, complimented us. "Wow, you two look really nice."

"Nice," Crystal said, "We were going for hot."

"Yes, Michael, doesn't Mommy look hot?" I asked.

Michael stammered, "Y-y-you both look very good."

Crystal asked, her tone dripping with seductiveness, clearly playing on her brother's perceived awkwardness, "How good, baby brother?"

I noticed the look in Michael's eyes. He so badly wanted Crystal as his sex kitten, yet knew this wasn't the time. So he continued his nerdy shy charade, as he again said, "S-s-super good."

Crystal broke into laughter as she said, "Michael, you are hopeless."

"Be nice to your brother," I said, my tone motherly again, as we headed out.

A moment later, we were in the car and Crystal exclaimed, "Michael needs to get a woman."

Without even thinking, I replied, "He has one."

"No...way!" Crystal said, her tone implying her shock.

"Yes, and she is absolutely beautiful," I added, complimenting myself.

"Well he needs some social skills then," she continued.

"I think Michael will really surprise you," I said, the thoughts of just how surprised she would soon be humorous.

"How did he meet her?" Crystal asked.

"Oh, they have known each other forever," I cryptically answered.

"How long they been dating?"

"I don't think they are dating, just having sex, but a couple of weeks I guess," I answered.

"What?" Crystal gasped yet again.

"I have heard them going at it," I said.

"In our house?" Crystal asked, unable to believe what I was saying.

"He's an adult too, Crystal," I pointed out.

"So I can bring someone back to the house and have sex?" Crystal asked.

"Hopefully not on the kitchen table or the living room couch, but yes I guess you could," I said, barely able to hold back my laughter thinking back to having fucked Michael on the kitchen table and got dp'd on the living room couch.

"Wow, you have changed since I have gone, Mom," Crystal said, acknowledging the obvious.

"You have no idea," I smiled.

We drove in silence for a few more minutes before reaching the restaurant. As we walked in, we both got a few glances from men. I was dressed in a black dress, black thigh high stockings, that would not be completely covered up when I sat down, and five inch heels. Crystal was in a slightly more conservative, but still sexy as hell, blue dress, with a black belt that helped outline her perfect hour-glass figure, the same mocha thigh high stockings I had purchased for her and three inch heels.

It was obvious during dinner that a middle-aged man here with his wife was checking us out and the waiter, an adorably cute young gentleman, had trouble focusing on his job while talking to us; of course, I added to the situation with my teasing cleavage and flirtation throughout the evening. Dinner was spent catching up as we chatted in more detail about her first year of college, catching her boyfriend cheating on her, changing her major, her summer job and her roommate Vanessa who by the way Crystal talked about her, I wondered if she had a crush on her.

I said, "Vanessa sounds like a sweetheart."

Crystal's eyes spoke volumes as she said, "She really is."

"What is her major?" I asked.

"Education," Crystal answered.

"What is she like," I continued, grilling for information.

"Oh a lot like me. A diva who is used to getting what she wants," she answered.

"Who wins between you two then?" I asked.

"I'm a psychology major, Mother, I can out manipulate anyone," she said, her facial expression implying she was suggesting more than just winning her way with her college roommate.

I briefly wondered if she was seeing through my seduction charade, but then she changed the topic completely.

"I still can't fathom Michael having sex," Crystal said, before adding, "Or that he has had sex more recently than I have."

"Neither could I, but trust me, there is more to Michael than meets the eye," I said, continuing to drop hints.

"This trip is just full of surprises," Crystal said, as she ate her dessert.

We ate our desserts in silence, before I paid the bill and we headed to the next surprise of the night.

On the drive, Crystal asked, "So you are seeing someone obviously."

"Depends how you define the phrase seeing someone," I replied vaguely.

"Mom, you are getting very frustrating with all these cryptic answers," she sighed.

"Sorry, teasing you is fun, especially after all the crap you put me through when you were a teenager," I smiled, laughing softly.

"Fair enough," Crystal said. "I guess I was a handful back then."

"Now you're a different type of handful," I quipped, cupping my breasts at a red light.

"It's been a while since anyone has wanted to cop a feel," Crystal said, beginning to open up about her sex life.

"How long since the breakup," I asked.

"Four months," she revealed.

"I remember going that long," I said, before adding, "Now more than a day and I start going through withdrawal."

"When did you last have sex?" She asked.

"Does oral count as sex?" I quipped back playfully as we reached our destination.

"This just keeps getting stranger," Crystal said, shaking her head.

"Well I hope you are ready to make it stranger," I said, as I parked the car.

"Not sure that is possible," she countered.

"We'll see," I said ominously. Changing topics, again never answering the actual question asked, I said, "Time to dance."

Realizing where we were, she turned to me suddenly serious, "Mom, this is a lesbian club."

"Is it?" I said, feigning surprise.

"Yes, it is the most infamous lesbian club in the country," Crystal said.

"Have you done research on infamous American lesbian clubs?" I playfully countered.

Crystal's face went red, as she stammered? "N-n-no, it's just something you know if you are from here."

"I had never heard of it until someone mentioned it had the best dance DJ in the area," I said, continuing to act casual.

"I'm sure it does, but it is also a lesbian pick up bar," Crystal said.

"Well that should make this even more fun," I said, opening the car door.

"You still want to go in?" Crystal asked.

"More now than ever, it will be fun to see if I am lesbian hot," I quipped, getting out of the car.

Crystal got out of the car and said, "What?"

"Well getting a man's attention is pretty easy, but getting a lesbian or better yet a straight woman's attention now that is the ultimate form of flattery," I said, closing the door.

"I suppose," Crystal said, her head clearly thinking about something or someone.

"A penny for your thoughts," I said, as I began walking to the club.

"Oh nothing," she said, although it was clearly something.

"You just seemed to leave me for a moment," I said.

"Yeah, I zoned out for a second," she admitted.

"What were you thinking?" I asked.

"Honestly, it was nothing," she said, trying to hide whatever thought she just had.

"It's ok, sweetheart, if you don't want to share with me," I said, pretending to be hurt.

"It's just embarrassing," Crystal said, her facial expression showing her insecurity and embarrassment.

"Honey, want to know a secret of mine?" I asked, trying to get her to trust me completely.

"Sure," she said.

"When I was your age my roommate and I were lovers," I revealed, before adding, "Although truth be told she was more my pet."

"Your pet?" Crystal questioned.

"Yes, she did whatever I told her," I explained.

"Sexually?" Crystal asked, clearly drawn into my secret.

"Yes, she obeyed without hesitation," I explained.

"Everything?" Crystal continued asking questions, trying to understand the full scope of submission.

"Yes, for example, one of her roles was to crawl under my sheets and wake me up with her tongue," I said, adding, "it really is the best way in the world to be woken up."

"I imagine so," Crystal laughed, before saying, "Mom, you kept a lot of secrets when we were young."

"I keep a lot of secrets now," I added, continuing to orchestrate my plan.

"Like what?" She asked, falling hook, line and sinker for my set-up.

"I am hoping to hook up tonight with some submissive little lesbian," I revealed.

"I thought you said you had never heard of this place," she questioned.

"I hadn't until Michael told me about it," I admitted.

"Michael told you about a lesbian club," she said, pausing after almost each word.

"I told you Crystal. Both my children are adults now and I don't hide anything," I said.

"So it seems," she laughed.

"Will you be my wing-girl," I asked, wrapping my arm around hers.

"Why not? This day can't possibly get any weirder," Crystal said.

"Great," I said, moving my hand to hers as we walked into a new adventure.

Once inside, I scanned the club. "Oh my," I whispered.

"Oh my indeed," Crystal whispered back.

The club was only half full but it was already a smorgasbord of women. They ranged in age, and in dress, but they were almost all very attractive. On the dance floor were a couple dozen women dancing, a few tables had women drinking margaritas or other cocktails, but the biggest shock were the two young girls, at two separate tables, kneeling beside the table with collars around their neck attached to a leash being held by an older woman seated at the table.

"First time here," a voiced asked.

I turned and smiled, looking at the very pretty woman in her twenties, "Is it that obvious?"

"First timers tend to freeze when they get through the door and get their first glimpse at a world they have only imagined," the woman explained.

"So we look like tourists with cameras," I joked, Crystal, usually always able to speak was totally speechless.

"As tourists, I suggest you find a table and just enjoy the ambience," she said. "By the way, my name is Mallory."

"Hi, Mallory, I am Betty, Betty Lodge and this is my sub Crystal," I introduced, squeezing Crystal's hand, as I realized if I didn't put a claim on her she would be devoured by the predators I saw throughout the room currently looking over at us.

Crystal's eyes went wide but she didn't say anything other than, "It is nice to meet you Mallory."

"You too, my pet," Mallory smiled, shaking Crystal's hand and announcing her position as a Mistress.

"It was great to meet you, Mallory, but we really should get a table before they are all gone," I said, wanting to have time to explain to Crystal why I said what I said.

"Go take one of the booths over there," she pointed to a few tables near but not exactly in front of the dance floor. "It will give you the best view to everything happening in the club."

"Thanks for the tip," I smiled, before impulsively adding, "Come join us for a drink later if you like."

"I may just do that," Mallory smiled, shaking my hand and giving it a firm squeeze.

As we walked to a table, my hand entwined with Crystal's, she asked, "What just happened?"

"I'll explain when we're seated," I replied, giving her hand a soft squeeze.

"Okay," she said, again obeying with little hesitation to my orders.

Once seated, seconds later a waitress showed up and took our drink orders. Once we were alone, I said, "I did that to protect you."

"Protect me?" She questioned.

"Yes, look around, we are fresh meat, especially a young delicious thing like you," I said, my hand going to her knee and giving it a squeeze. I continued, "I must look like a powerful Mistress and you must be my obedient submissive."

"I don't think that is necessary," Crystal protested weakly.

"You sure? Look around," I replied, seeing a few women taking subtle and sometimes not so subtle looks in our direction.

Crystal looked around and gasped. Following her gaze, I saw red heels peeking from underneath a table cloth.

"Now that is hot," I said, turned on by what I was seeing and yet also trying to manipulate Crystal.

"Really?" She said, although she didn't take her gaze off what was occurring just across from us.

The waitress brought us our drinks and I requested two more, hoping some liquid courage would bolster my nerve, while at the same time reducing Crystal's inhibitions.

"To our new relationship," I toasted, the words meaning way more than she would catch on to yet.

She reluctantly broke her gaze, grabbed her glass, and agreed, "To our new relationship." After clinking our glasses, she downed over half the glass of wine, as did I.

I quipped, "Be careful, my dear, you get drunk and you may get taken advantage of by one of these predators."

"Maybe I want to get taken advantage of," she retorted, this being her turn to surprise me.

This time it was her hand on my leg, giving me a squeeze. I stammered, not in control for the first time, "Y-y-you want to be seduced by a cougar?"

"You're a cougar," she quipped, her hand moving up my leg, her facial expression teasing me.

I was speechless, but Crystal continued, her hand going under my dress, "You didn't think I was catching on?"

"T-t-to what?" I asked, her fingers so close to my now very wet cunt.

"You have been trying to seduce me," Crystal replied.

"N-n-no, I wasn't," I lied, trying to regain control. I was turning her, not the other way around.

"Nice try, Mommy," she said, her fingers grazing ever so gently over my pussy lips. "Like I told you earlier, I am a psychology major I can read people."

"I d-d-don't know what you are talking about," I weakly stammered.

"I think you do," she smiled, leaning closer into me. Her finger parting my pussy lips ever so slightly, she asked, "Why are you wet, Mommy?"

"Please, don't," I whimpered, although my legs opened up more by reflex.

"Don't what?" she smiled, clearly enjoying my confusion, as her finger went deeper between my pussy lips, but not in.

"Aaaaah," I moaned, wanting her to slide her finger in me.

"Aaaaah, is Mommy getting horny because of her daughter?" Crystal whispered, her finger teasing me relentlessly.

"Nooooo, yesssss," I answered, overwhelmed by the turn of events.

"Which is it, Mommy?" Crystal purred, her hot breath on my ear making my head spin as her finger was ever so close to entering me.

I was speechless. I had shifted from hunter to hunted and regressing into my natural state of submissiveness, I was no longer in control; I no longer wanted to be in control.

"Your plan as far as I can tell was to smother me with flattery, dress me up as a sexy slut, get me drunk and seduce me at a lesbian club. Am I wrong?" she asked, her finger just entering me.

"Oh God!" I gasped.

"Oh, trust me, you will be doing a lot of worshipping, Mommy," Crystal smiled, as she slid her finger deeper inside me.

"Ooooooooh, not here," I weakly protested, even though I knew I was completely at her mercy.

"You are no longer in charge, Mother," Crystal said, defiant Crystal suddenly back.

"Crystal, please," I tried to rationalize.

"Please what? Please may you eat your daughter's cunt in a lesbian club, Mommy?" she said, smiling deviously.

Before I could respond, the idea making me delirious with emotion, a voluptuous woman about my age dressed in a gold gown walked towards our table. My eyes went wide with the thought of getting caught being fingered by my daughter.

Reaching us, the very pretty woman asked me, "Would you like to dance?"

I stammered, clearly nervous and uncomfortable by the offer, "I-I-I don't know." I looked at Crystal for help.

"Do you want to dance with her, Slut?" Crystal asked, taking more control of a situation I thought moments ago I was in control of.

"I-I-um," I stammered, surprised by the name calling and unable to form a complete sentence.

The woman perplexed, said apologetically, "Sorry, I didn't realize you were owned, I actually thought you two were related."

Crystal smiled, "We are."

"Oh my," the woman smiled deviously. "That is delicious, absolutely delicious."


My face burned red even as I remained speechless. Crystal continued, "This is my mother, she is a submissive in training."

"Reeeeeeeally?" The woman asked, stressing the 'e' dramatically, both surprised and impressed.

"Isn't that right, my pet?" Crystal asked, looking at my clearly baffled expression.

My head was spinning, my heart was racing and my pussy was burning as I stammered, again ignoring the consequences, "Y-y-yes."

"Yes, what?" she asked, enjoying immensely my discomfort as she pushed me further into her submissive web.

"Yes, Mistress," I whispered giving in, my red cheeks going even hotter, hell hot.

Crystal looked up with a 'what-you-gonna-do' look and explained, "She is still in training."

"I see," the woman said, before adding, "Usually subs are not allowed to sit with their Mistress."

"I'm still learning too," Crystal shrugged with a smile, snapping her fingers and pointing to the floor just as the waitress came with our second drinks.

The woman said, "Another round please and my usual."

"Yes, Ms. Addison," the waitress nodded, sitting our drinks on the table.

"Oh, and a dish for the submissive," Ms. Addison added.

"Of course," the waitress agreed before leaving us alone.

"Floor, Mommy-slut," Crystal ordered again, using the exact same words as Michael had so many times.

I stared at her, shocked, unbelieving, my eyes begging her to reconsider, yet when no mercy came, I obeyed, moving off the seat and to the floor.

"Good, Mommy-slut," Crystal purred as if talking to a child.

Undeniably, even as I sat on the floor on my knees like a dog, my cunt was leaking at the humiliation and the power of my daughter, even as I ignored all the other patrons of the club who could see my humiliation.

Ms. Addison, sat down just where I had been seated, said, "I have never seen a live incest act."

I glanced at Crystal who was staring at me with a confident smile. Her eyes locked on me for a moment before she said, "Not here."

"Fair enough," Ms. Addison replied, just as the waitress returned, bending down and putting a dog bowl full of wine on the ground in front of me.

Humiliation compounded on top of humiliation as I tried to figure out how it all unravelled so quickly.

Crystal ordered, "Finish your drink, Mother."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, the words coming out so naturally.

As I lapped my wine like a puppy, feeling shame and hunger in every pore of my being, I listened to the woman, whose voice dripped sex, inquire about Crystal. Crystal openly shared everything with this stranger and I instantly was envious at how open my usually very close lipped daughter was. Crystal discussed her desire to seduce her roommate, how she caught on that I was trying to seduce her, then admitting that she was very new to the Domme role, only having online reading as experience. The only good news during this lengthy share-all was it didn't appear that Crystal had any clue about Michael.

I had just finished my wine when the waitress returned and filled it up, patting my head and saying, "There you go, good girl."

My face burned yet again, but I didn't say anything.

Eavesdropping again, I heard Hannah, the name she introduced herself with, say to Crystal, "My dear, I think you need a mentor."

"Does it look that obvious that I need help?" Crystal asked.

"Not so much obvious, but you are young, my dear," Hannah said softly, before asking, "Have you been with a woman before?"

"On a few occasions in high school," Crystal admitted. I was instantly curious which friends of hers, yet another revelation shared with a stranger and not her mother.

"But you have never dommed anyone?" She clarified.

"No it was just girls exploring, but the urge has grown with Vanessa and then when my mother tried to seduce me a switch turned on and my desire to domme came alive," Crystal answered, glancing down at me.

"I see," Hannah said. After a moment she said, "So would you like me to take you under my wing?"

"Would you?" Crystal asked, eager like a child.

"Of course, my dear," Hannah said in a soothing voice. "Let's start easy, make your mother-slut do something."

"Like what?" Crystal asked, being drawn in by the clearly manipulative and seductive woman.

"Get your submissive to give me a foot massage," Hannah suggested, as she slipped out of her heelsleaned back against the back of the booth so her feet were at the edge of the seat.

"Crawl to my new friend's feet and give her a massage," Crystal ordered as she looked down at me, before adding her naughty smile, "with your mouth."

"Oh nice twist," Hannah approved.

I considered disobeying, but only for a second before I moved a couple of feet and took the stranger's left foot in my hand. I hesitated briefly before leaning forward and taking a stocking-clad toe in my mouth.

"That's it, suck each toe individually," Crystal ordered, as I slowly sucked each toe in my mouth. The act was embarrassing, yet equally enthralling, my stocking fetish turned back on me.

They continued talking as if I wasn't there as I pleasured each toe and then the sole of her foot. After a few more minutes of interrogating Crystal, Hannah said, "Want to take your pet to the next level?"

"Very much so," Crystal replied, excitedly.

"Time to test her obedience," Hannah said.

"How?" Crystal asked.

"Make her do something more sexual," Hannah said, rather matter-of-factly.

A shiver chilled me as they continued to talk about me.

"Like what?" Crystal inquired.

"There are many options. You can make her go wait in line to service Big Rosie, although I suggest you try that too before you leave."

"Who is Big Rosie?" Crystal asked.

"A beautiful black woman with the sweetest pussy nectar there is," she replied.

"Oh my," Crystal said.

"You could also have her crawl underneath the table and pleasure you or me or send her to another table to offer her services or get her to go fuck herself on the wall cock."

"The wall cock?" Crystal questioned, her tone clearly obvious it had piqued her interest.

"Yes, over there, side stage," I heard Hannah say and saw her point. She added, "I just added that last week."

I followed her finger and saw a bright pink dildo lodged on the wall. Yet again my cheeks burned and yet again my pussy burned.

"Wow, delicious," Crystal said, before looking down at me and ordering, "crawl over to the wall cock, Mommy-slut, and put on a show for everyone."

"Please, Crystal," I pleaded, not wanting to fuck myself in front of all these strangers.

"Do it now, Mother!" she snapped, her tone condescending like when she was in high school.

Part of me wanted to just stand up and leave, yet another part of me wanted to stand up and make her my bitch, but the reality was I was too weak to stand up to Crystal, my body was already moving before my mind had time to react.

"Good Mommy," Crystal purred, clearly entertained by my humiliating obedience.

That only added to my shame as I crawled across the floor keeping my head down. Thankfully, just as I was about to reach the stairs, another sub, on a leash, was led up the stairs to the wall cock.

A huge sigh of relief washed over me as I watched the Asian woman lift up her skirt and back up onto the pink phallus.

Her Mistress ordered, her tone firm, "And don't you dare come without permission, Slut."

"Yes, Mistress," the Asian pet agreed as she began fucking herself.

I watched for a minute, consumed by the submission of another, until I heard Crystal's voice call out, "Get back over here, Slut."

I sighed, but was thankful she didn't call me mother and humiliate me even further.

I crawled back to the table just as the hostess who was at the front door earlier arrived.

The hostess said, "Ms. Addison, the Governor will be here in a few minutes."

"Today? That is unexpected," Hannah said. "Her room is ready I assume?"

"Of course," the hostess said.

"Okay, please let me know when she arrives," Hannah said, before adding, "I will be in my suite. Also, please retrieve one of my cards for me."

"Of course, Ms. Addison," the hostess nodded and walked back the way she came.

As I listened, I wondered, she couldn't mean Governor Daphne Green. She had a daughter in college, although she had been divorced for years. The thought that our governor frequented this lesbian club was both a major turn-on and incredibly surreal.

Hannah explained to Crystal, "I'm sorry, unfortunately, I won't be able to assist you as much as I had hoped. I unfortunately need to go. But I really enjoyed meeting you and would love to continue to assist you in your journey to becoming a domme."

"I would love that," Crystal said.

The host returned and handed Hannah a card.

"Thanks, my dear," Ms. Addison said.

"Of course, Ms. Addison," the host nodded and left.

Hannah handed Crystal the card. "Send me an e-mail or give me a call whenever you wish, my dear."

"Thank you, I will," Crystal replied, taking the card.

"Of course, my dear," Hannah said, squeezing Crystal's hand before standing up. She looked down at me and smiled, "I expect you will be a good Mommy-pet and always obey your daughter Mistress."

"Yes, Ma'am," I nodded, the idea no longer as shocking as it was when it began just an hour ago.

"Good girl," Hannah said, before walking away.

A moment later, Crystal surprised me, "Crawl under the table Mommy-slut and please me."

"H-h-here," I stammered.

"Don't make me repeat myself every time, Mother," she snapped.

"S-s-sorry, Mistress," I barely got out as I began to move under the table.

"That's better, Mommy," Crystal purred, instantly back to her soothing self.

She opened her nylon clad legs and I moved between them.

It was very dark under the table, so I just allowed her intoxicating scent to draw me in. Reaching her wet pussy, obviously either me submitting to her or Hannah's frank conversation with her, had her very excited.

So far over the line, the final submission of licking her was easy to cross as I just extended my tongue and began licking surprised that she had gone commando. I was tentative at first, long, slow licks as I explored her pussy. Her taste was strangely exotic and I was instantly addicted, remembering long ago and just how amazing a pussy could taste.

After a couple of minutes of teasing, I heard Crystal say, "That's it, Mommy-slut, lick your daughter's cunt."

Like submitting to Michael, hearing myself be called naughty names only enhanced my desire to submit unconditionally.

I shifted from teasing to concentrated licking as I flicked her clit, causing her legs to twitch.

Soft moans from above enhanced my excitement as I hungrily licked and nibbled Crystal's sweet cunt. Hearing her breathing increase, her moans stifled as she tried not to scream, I went for broke and slid two fingers inside her.

"Oh God," Crystal gasped.

Taking her clit between my lips as I furiously pumped my fingers in and out of her, it didn't take long before I felt her hands on my head, pulling me deep inside her, as her legs tightened around me and her juices flowed out of her. I hungrily lapped and lapped my daughter's juices just as I did my son's cum. I had no doubt become a total Mommy-slut in every sense of the word.

THE END...?...

Author's Note to readers: How do I have Michael still get Crystal as his pet now? Or does the plot change? Or does it end now? Your suggestions and ideas are greatly appreciated as I seem to have painted myself into a corner with the plot twist.




"Pet Mommy": My Daughter Submits
bysilkstockingslover©

Summary: Slut Mommy assists in making her daughter submit to her son.

Recap: This is actually part four. Obviously, you should read parts 1, 2 and 3 first, as they will help you understand how the mother ended up where she is now; if you have already read the first three parts and can't remember the basic plot, or just want to start here on part four...here is a very brief summary of the story so far.

"Pet Mommy": Creating a Mommy-Slut Summary: A mother learns her son fantasizes about fucking her and, realizing just how much he resembles her deceased dominant husband, decides to make his fantasy a reality...in the end seducing her son and becoming his submissive pet mommy.

"Pet Mommy": DP Mommy Slut!-Summary: A mother's dominant son makes another fantasy come true...her first double penetration.

"Pet Mommy": Fucking with Mommy-Slut Summary: A mother's task is to seduce her daughter and give her to her son as a present at his graduation...alas, things go terribly astray when the daughter takes the mother for herself.

Notes: Thanks as always to my editors MAB7991, Robert, Leann and Goamz for the laborious amount of time they spend in helping to make this sequel better.

PET MOMMY 4:

Crystal and I got home pretty late that night and, thankfully, Crystal didn't insist we sleep together or anything...each of us headed to our own bedrooms.

I was startled when I entered mine to find Michael there in my bed on his laptop.

He asked, without looking up from his computer, "So how did it go?"

"Not as anticipated," I answered, suddenly nervous at the consequences of yet another sexual weakness on my part.

"Explain," he said, closing his laptop and moving it to the side table.

I retold the whole story, including my own lesbian sexual submission to her. He seemed slightly shocked at first, but then listened intently.

Once I was done, I finished with, "I'm sorry, Master, I just wasn't strong enough to stand up to her and I didn't want to tell her about you."

He snapped his fingers and pointed to his crotch. I crawled onto the bed, tugged down the sheets and blanket and found a very stiff cock waiting for me. I bent down and took it in my mouth as he talked.

"Well, tomorrow we will have to put her in her place," he said, as I devoured his whole cock with my mouth.

"How?" I asked, a moment later.

As he grabbed my head and guided it back onto his cock he said, rather vaguely, "Psychological warfare."

I bobbed on his cock, enjoying being back in my comfortable submission position pleasuring my son. I bobbed up and down on his stiff rod, enjoying it in my mouth. A few minutes later I was swallowing Michael's seed. Once he was done, I climbed up into his arms and fell asleep in his warm embrace.

The next morning, I was alone in bed. I got up, grabbed a robe, and headed to the kitchen. I was surprised to see Michael already in his tux. He greeted me, "Good morning Mom."

"Good morning," I yawned.

He smiled, "Don't be yawning already, it's going to be a long day."

"Just need coffee," I said robotically, going to the coffee machine.

"Not cock?" he quipped.

"Oh that too," I smiled, always ready to feed his aggressive sexual behaviour and my insatiable appetite for his cum.

"Knees, Mom," he ordered.

"But Crystal could come down any second," I fretted.

"She already knows you're a submissive slut," Michael shrugged.

"Michael please," I pleaded, usually liking his dirty talk, but thinking it seemed out of place with Crystal upstairs, even after she dommed me last night.

"Please shove my cock in your mouth or please shove your dick in my cunt or please sodomize me with your massive rod?" Michael asked, moving towards me.

My cunt dampened at his nasty words and as usual I shifted from mother to slut, consequences be damned. I answered, ready for whatever he wanted to do to me, "My body is yours to use as you please, Master."

"Get me hard, Mommy-pet," he ordered, his hands going to my shoulders and guiding me to my knees.

"Aren't you already?" I pouted as I looked up at him.

"Find out for yourself," he smirked, looking down at me.

I fished out his cock and discovered it was already hard and ready for action, but I took it between my lips anyways.

I bobbed back and forth on his gorgeous cock in my own kitchen with my dominant daughter, my Mistress, upstairs. It was nerve-wracking, yet equally exhilarating.

As I continued to deep throat his iron hard rod, I pondered how I had a son as a Master and a daughter as a Mistress, and how it could all fall apart in seconds.

"Pussy or ass, Mommy-slut?" he asked.

"Your choice, baby, but my cunt is on fire right now," I answered, taking his cock out of my mouth, the risk of being caught somehow turning me on.

"Drop your robe and bend over the table," he instructed.

"If Crystal comes?" I asked, already obeying by removing my robe.

"It isn't about her coming, it's about me coming," Michael answered, playing on my words.

"Isn't that the truth," I playfully smiled, bending over the table, leaving both my cunt and ass available for his beautiful fuck stick.

I wasn't surprised when he slid his cock in my ass. It had been his favourite hole of late and the one that usually got me the most animated. "Oooooh, you are such a bad boy, Michael, fucking Mommy's ass," I moaned as his cock filled my back door.

"Just how you love it," Michael smirked.

"Sooo true," I moaned as he began sliding his big cock in and out of me.

I forgot all about the risk of getting caught by Crystal and just enjoyed the sensation of being ass fucked.

For a few minutes he fucked my ass, eventually pounding me so hard the table began to move. I moaned, "Oh yes, baby, fuck Mommy hard."

"On your knees, Mom," Michael ordered, as he pulled out of my ass.

I quickly spun around, dropped to my knees, and opened my mouth just in time to feel the first spray of his cum hit my face. A second and third rope of cum hit my face and mouth before I leaned forward and took his still pulsating cock in my mouth.

After only a few seconds, he pulled out and said, "Sorry, but Crystal will be home any minute now."

"She's not here?" I asked, surprised.

"She went for a jog," Michael revealed.

"So what is the plan now?" I asked, standing up.

"I don't know yet, but make sure she is home and dressed sexy when I get home from the grad party," he instructed.

"That won't be easy," I said.

"Just make sure she is here," Michael said. "I will take care of the rest."

"I Iove a confident man," I purred.

"And no coming until Crystal is mine," Michael ordered.

"Okay," I sighed, my pussy burning at the moment, unsure how I would refuse if Crystal tried to make me.

"I'm going to shower," Michael said, leaving me alone in the kitchen.

I quickly washed the cum off my face and made myself presentable just in time as Crystal came in all sweaty from her run.

"Hi, my dear," I greeted, not sure what our relationship would be after yesterday.

"Hi, Mom," she smiled back, looking around for Michael.

"He is in the shower, I think," I said.

"So we have time?" She smiled.

"For what?" I asked.

"For you to have some breakfast," Crystal said, tugging down her shorts.

"Not here, Crystal," I firmly said.

"Are you disobeying me?" She asked, raising her eyebrow.

"Yesterday was a mistake," I said.

"Is that what you think?" Crystal asked.

"Yes," I said. "I am your mother."

"And my pet," she added, emphasis on the 'my'.


"No," I said. "Plus, you are going back home in a couple of days."

"All the more reason to enjoy the weekend," she smiled, moving towards me.

Suddenly realizing I had an opportunity, I said, "Tell you what. We can continue our mommy-daughter time after we return from Michael's graduation."

"Hmmmmm," she said, staring me in the eye.

"I'll be your complete mommy-slave fuck-toy," I offered, talking crudely in hopes of drawing her back into the original seduction plan.

"I don't know, my cunt is calling your name," she said.

"Please, wait till then," I said, adding, "I will obey anything you order me to do then."

"Anything?" She asked, such words being rather extreme.

"My body is your canvas," I replied, sounding corny as hell.

"Okay, Mommy, I'll behave until after the graduation. But then you are fucking mine," Crystal said, slapping my ass and leaving me in the kitchen alone.

I shook my head, wondering what I had gotten myself into.

.....

The graduation was boring, like they always are, and both Crystal and I got a few extra looks because of our gowns, which were rather extravagant for a high school graduation...both of us truthfully outshining many of the teenage girl graduates. I liked getting looks and, although nervous, I was really excited to see how Michael planned to deal with Crystal.

Michael found us after the ceremony and said, "Wow, you two. This is a graduation, not a wedding."

I quipped, "We just wanted to make you look good."

Crystal added sharply, "Especially because you can't do it yourself."

"Love you too," Michael replied, trading shots like they always did. "But seriously, Crystal, you look super hot."

"Yuck...I'm your sister," she said, her face scrunching up like a dried raisin.

"I didn't say I wanted to fuck you," Michael said, shocking her.

"Michael!" She gasped.

"I need a picture of my big man," I said, trying to change the subject, the innuendo transparent to Crystal, but not to Michael.

I took a couple of pictures of Michael just as Frederick arrived.

Frederick repeated Michael's words, "Holy cow, Ms. Lodge and Crystal, you two are the hottest ones here."

Crystal glared, "And you look just as nerdy as you always have."

Frederick quipped back, "I know you love me, Crystal. One day you will accept it."

"When hell freezes over," Crystal snapped back.

"With global warming that could be sooner than you think," Michael quipped, clearly foreshadowing his full intentions, which Crystal was oblivious to.

"Why don't I take a picture of the whole family," Frederick said, ignoring the insult.

I agreed, "Thanks, Frederick, that would be great. I don't get my two babies together often anymore and never dressed so...maturely."

I got Michael in the middle of Crystal and I and Frederick took a few pictures.

Once done, Michael slyly pinched my ass and I yelped.

Crystal looked at me and asked, "You okay, Mom?"

"Oh fine, I just stumbled a bit," I said, blushing.

"So what are you two studs up to now?" I asked.

Crystal laughed, "An all-night marathon of dungeons and dragons."

"That was last weekend," Frederick countered, missing the sarcasm completely.

Michael said, staring directly at Crystal, "Oh, I plan to have a very eventful evening."

Crystal, not catching on at all to her brother's implications, laughed, "Oh, I am sure you do."

I said, "Well Michael. You have fun."

"Oh, I plan to," Michael smiled, leaning in and giving me a kiss on the cheek.

Once the boys were gone, Crystal asked, "Ready to go home and play?"

"Oh Crystal, let's go and get a bite to eat first," I said, trying to delay it as long as possible.

"Sure," Crystal said, "Although my play time does have you eating a fair amount."

"Crystal!" I gasped playfully, enjoying the sexual word play.

"Let's go," Crystal said. "I can't handle all these teenagers staring at me."

"Well, you look good enough to eat," I quipped, unable to not take advantage of the set-up.

"Mother!" Crystal mocked shock.

I laughed, "Look what you have done to me."

"Oh, it is only the beginning," Crystal purred, as we headed to the car.

At the restaurant, I decided it was time to begin planting seeds in Crystal's mind that she wasn't as dominant as she thought she was. As we waited for the bill, after a dinner dripping with sexual innuendo, I announced out of nowhere, "Crystal, I have something I need to tell you."

"What?" Crystal asked, her impatience one of her biggest flaws.

"I have a Master," I bluntly announced, trying to shock her.

"Excuse me?" she gasped.

I repeated, "I have a Master."

"Who?" she asked clearly annoyed.

"I can't say," I answered.

"Tell me!" she demanded.

"I can't," I repeated.

"I'm your Mistress," she pointed out.

"But I had a master first, and I obey him without hesitation," I stated, before adding, "It was actually his idea to seduce you."

"I can't believe this," Crystal said, clearly frustrated, as the waitress showed up with the bill.

I took the bill and stood up.

Crystal said, "This conversation isn't over."

"Of course," I nodded, before adding, "but I won't reveal who he is. He will reveal himself if he chooses to."

"Fuck," Crystal cursed, as she walked away.

I paid the bill and went to the car.

On the drive home Crystal stewed, clearly pissed off and giving me the silent treatment until she suddenly announced, "I think we need some new toys for tonight," And instructed me to pull into an adult store we were passing by.


"You going to fuck mommy?" I asked, unable to turn off my insatiable desire to submit and be a complete slut as well as to continue stirring the pot.

"Or vice versa," she shrugged, leading me into the store.

I learned, in case it wasn't already obvious, that my daughter was as sick, twisted and kinky as her mother. She made me buy a double ended dildo, two different sizes of strap-ons, handcuffs, a blindfold, a vibrating butt plug, and a choker, which she put on me right in front of the older man at the checkout.

"This is to be worn at all times as a constant reminder of who owns your cunt," Crystal said, before adding for dramatic effect, and to humiliate me even further, clearly trying to establish her dominance, "and who owns your cunt?"

"You do, Mistress," I replied, playing the role of submissive as best I could.

"What else am I to you, slut?" She asked, putting the collar on me.

"My daughter," I answered.

"Pay for our sex toys, Mommy-slut," she ordered, before asking the older man, "is there a glory hole in this establishment?"

"No, ma'am," the older man replied, as she shocked me once again...by being seemingly willing to have me suck a stranger's cock...which was oddly a turn on.

"Too bad," Crystal shrugged.

I couldn't help myself as I added, "I really could use a load or two."

The man's face was one of utter shock which is really saying something because you would have to assume he saw a lot of crazy shit in that establishment.

"Pay the man, Mommy-slut," Crystal ordered.

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, enjoying getting this stranger horny.

Once outside, Crystal ordered, "Put the vibrating butt plug in your ass, Mother."

"Here?" I asked, a few people within viewing distance of us.

"Yes," Crystal said, pointing to a side alley that probably would hide my public act. "We need to get that ass of yours trained."

I replied, partly to shock her again, partly to avoid having to put it in, but mostly to remind her she wasn't really in charge, "Master pounds my ass regularly."

"You really are a nasty slut, aren't you mother?" She asked, although the question was rather rhetorical.

"Master has opened up my inner slut," I replied, rather matter-of-factly, before adding with a chuckle, "literally."

"Go plug your ass, Mother," Crystal again instructed.

"Okay," I said, for the first time tentative about obeying an act.

I moved to the concealment of the alley and was just lifting up my dress when Crystal added, "Be sure to turn it on vibrate."

I turned it on and awkwardly, (if anyone was watching it would have been hilarious to see, I imagine) put the vibrating plug in my ass.


I returned to Crystal who quipped, "Ready to buzz off?"

"I'd rather just get ass fucked," I answered, which, although I was trying to shock her, was the truth.

Back in the car, as Crystal drove, it was impossible to not be distracted by the constant vibrations. Although Michael had pounded me there many times, including earlier today, the vibrations caused a different pleasure. Also, because it just sat lodged inside me and not slamming into me, it was much more of a frustrating tease...making me want to get fucked...hard. Thinking of Michael's big cock plugging my ass, I moaned.

Crystal said, "Already thinking of getting ass fucked, Mother?"

"God, yes," I moaned, although it was Michael's cock in my mind and not her strap-on.

Crystal pulled into a 7-11 and said, "I'll be back in a minute."

I quickly texted Michael

Master
Crystal bought strap-ons, double-ended dildo's, handcuffs and blindfolds. We will be home in twenty minutes.

Michael texted back almost immediately:

Delicious...I will text you later...make sure you have your phone with you at all times.

I quickly texted:

Of course, Master.

Just before Crystal returned to the car, I erased our conversation in case Crystal somehow got my phone.

She returned and drove in silence.

Once in the driveway, Crystal asked, "Who is your Master?"

"I can't tell you," I answered.

"Do I know him?" She asked.

"Yes, but you would never in a million years think of him in such a way," I answered, loving that I was giving so many hints and yet she was oblivious.

"I am going to find out," she said.

"If you do, you will end up on your knees serving him," I said, praying I was foreshadowing the truth.

"Unlikely," she scoffed.

"He is a very powerful young man," I answered.

"How young?" She asked.

"Michael's age," I answered, barely able to not laugh at the knowledge that I had just given her the name of my Master.

"Holy shit, mother, you really are a slut." Crystal declared. "Is he a friend of Michael's?"

"No," I answered, which was the truth.

"Let's get inside, this conversation is only frustrating me," Crystal said.

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, secretly enjoying driving her crazy, as she had me throughout her teen years.

She sighed, "If I was really your Mistress, you would obey me without conditions."

"But I had a Master first," I replied, before adding, "and he is very powerful."

"Fuck!" she snapped, getting out of the car and slamming the door.

I grabbed my purchases, and followed her in.

Once inside, she ordered, already out of her dress, "Get out of your dress."

I obeyed, wondering when Michael planned to arrive home.

"On all fours," she ordered, as I stood in front of her in only my thigh highs and the butt plug still lodged in my ass.

I again obeyed as she went to the bag of new toys and pulled out a strap-on.

I watched her put it on her thin figure and walk over to me.

"I'm going to fuck the shit out of you, Mommy-slut," she said, her tone still brimming with frustration and anger.

"Master already did that today," I said, again giving a major hint as to who my Master was.

"What!?!" Crystal said stunned.

"Yes, while you were jogging," I answered, enjoying the obvious hints I was giving her.

"You got ass fucked just before I came in from my run?" She asked, incredulous.

"And got my face covered with cum," I added, really enjoying the confused, frustrated looks on Crystal's face.

"Where was Michael?" Crystal asked.

"Upstairs getting ready," I lied.

"You got ass-fucked while your son was upstairs," Crystal asked, still skeptical.

"I obey Master without hesitation," I answered, before adding, "He owns me."

"So what if he came in here right now?" Crystal asked, looking down at me.

"You'd probably see a whole new side of your mother if master choose to let you," I answered, before adding, "although more than likely you would join me on your knees serving him."

Just then my cell buzzed.

Crystal grabbed my phone and looked at the message. "Well speak of the devil."

"What does it say?" I asked.

"Be there in thirty minutes, slut. I expect you on all fours and ready," Crystal read out.

"You should go," I said, pretending to be concerned for her, even though I knew she wouldn't leave.

"Fuck that," she said, "I can't wait to have him see me fucking you."

"You want my Master to catch us in the act of incest?" I asked.

"Why not?" She shrugged, "he already knows you're a dirty whore, might as well prove it."

"Oh trust me," I smiled. "I have definitely proved it."

Crystal moved behind me, pulled the plug out of my ass, and replaced it with her plastic cock.

"Aaaah," I moaned, "Yes, fuck Mommy's ass!"

"How big is your Master?" She asked.

"Eight inches," I moaned, between hard deep thrusts.

She pounded my ass for a few minutes until the front door opened, way earlier than the thirty minutes mentioned in the text.

"You're early," Crystal called out, trying to take control of her territory.

Michael called out, just before turning the corner and feigning shock, "Early for what?"

Crystal quickly covered her breasts as Michael and Frederick walked in on the incestuous act, her strap-on sliding out of my ass.

Frederick said, staring at us, "Wow!"

"Stop staring, you fucking perverts," Crystal snapped, mortified at being caught by her brother and his friend.

"We're the perverts?" Michael laughed. "You're the one with a strap-on in mom's ass."

"Wow!" Frederick repeated, drooling over Crystal.

"Just leave," Crystal demanded.

"So you can sodomize mom?" Michael asked, trying to keep a straight face even though he was really enjoying the awkwardness he was causing Crystal.

I feigned embarrassment, even though I remained on my knees, "Michael it's not what it looks like."

"It looks like Crystal was fucking your ass," Michael said, looking directly at me.

"Okay, it is what it looks like," I said, "but I can explain."

"Okay," Michael said, looking intrigued.

"Crystal is my Mistress," I said, before adding, "and we were waiting for my Master to show up."

"Your Master?" Michael questioned.

"Yes," I admitted, pretending to be embarrassed.

Crystal demanded, "Now leave the room so we can get dressed."

Michael smiled and ordered, "Get on your knees, Crystal."

"Excuse me?" Crystal questioned, clearly shocked by her brother's order.

Michael's facial expression didn't change at all as he said, "Crystal you are such a condescending bitch."

"Excuse me?" Crystal gasped again.

Michael smugly asked, "Was condescending too big a word for you?"

"Fuck you," Crystal shot back.

"I plan to," Michael replied.

"Excuse me?" Crystal repeated, again surprised by his response. It was obvious to me that Michael was the true dominant in just this brief exchange.

"Your college education really isn't helping you much," Michael quipped, before speaking slower, "I'm...going...to...fuck...you."

"You're sick," Crystal said.

"Says the daughter using her mother as a sexual plaything," Michael countered.

Crystal was speechless, which I didn't know was possible.

Michael continued, "Plus there can't be a Mistress in this house, there is already a Master. Isn't that right, Mommy-slut?"

Suddenly the attention shifted to me as Michael turned his gaze my way.

"Yes, Master," I nodded, feeling liberated at finally getting the heavy burden, the seemingly impossible task, off my shoulders, as I resumed my position as submissive to my son.

"Is Mommy-slut hungry?" Michael asked.

"Famished," I smiled, ready to submit to him in front of Crystal.

"Well, come get your snack," Michael said, turning his gaze back to Crystal.

Crystal watched in stunned silence as I crawled to Michael, fished out his big erect cock and took it in my mouth.

"Mother!" Crystal gasped.

Michael answered, as I had a mouthful of cock, "You may have thought you took her last night, but that was all part of the plan. You see, Mommy is my pet...my pet Mommy."

I bobbed hungrily like a porn star taking all Michael's cock in my mouth trying to impress both Michael and Crystal.

Crystal asked in disbelief, as she finally put two and two together, "Michael is your Master?"

"I stand corrected, college really has paid off for you. You can add up two plus two," Michael quipped, as he ran his fingers through my hair.

"What do you think you're doing?" Crystal asked, mortified as Fredrick moved towards me.

"Tapping your mom's cunt," Fredrick answered, as he got behind me and slid his cock in my wet cunt in one deep thrust.

"Now on your knees, Crystal," Michael repeated.

"As if," Crystal said.

"It's obvious, you are a submissive in need of training," Michael said.

"It is, is it?" Crystal said back, her voice dripping with its usual sarcasm.

"Well, for one, you are standing in front of your brother with almost no shame that I can see your tits and all that is hiding that cunt of yours is a strap-on," Michael explained, as he pulled his cock out of my mouth while Frederick kept fucking my cunt.

Crystal snapped, "I'm out of here."

"Stop!" Michael demanded.

Crystal obeyed.

"Mom, do you want Crystal to join you?"

"God, yes," I answered, looking directly at Crystal.

I could see confusion in Crystal's face as her mixed emotions of just being a domme, getting caught in an incestuous act, learning of my true master and an undeniable need to submit bounced inside her head.

I pushed her on, "Crystal, come join Mommy. I know you want to."

"I do not," she said, but her usual strong persona wasn't in her tone.

"Look at my cock, Crystal," Michael said. "It is either going back in Mom or into you."

I loved Michael's confident demeanour, one he hadn't had before I seduced him. But now he brimmed with an overpowering confidence.

I moaned, wanting to put on a show for Crystal, let her know how great submission to my two men was, "Oh God, Frederick, pound my cunt."

Frederick replied, stopping deep in me, "Not until Crystal joins you."

Crystal glared murder at Frederick, as I pleaded, "Honey, please come and join mommy."

Michael added, seeing the struggle in his sister's eyes, "Go ahead, Crystal, come and serve your Master," as he shoved his cock back in my mouth.

I couldn't see Crystal, but I could sense her inner struggle, one I only vaguely recalled ever having.

Frederick's cock was buried deep in me, but not moving as he awaited Crystal's response.


Crystal finally asked, looking at me, "How? Why? When?"

Michael pulled his cock out of my mouth and ordered, "Go ahead, Mommy-slut, tell Crystal how this came to be."

I retold the seduction, explaining my motivation, and went into thorough detail of Michael's regular usage of all three of my holes. Crystal listened silently through my extensive, graphic, telling of my journey to incestual submission.

Once done, Michael walked over to Crystal and ordered, "Knees, big sister."

Her face burning red, her cunt assumedly soaking wet, she looked at me for assistance, but I just nodded.

She protested, weakly, glancing down at Michael's big hard cock, but you're my brother."

"And she is your mother," Michael countered, "so you can't play the 'incest is wrong' card."

"I-don't-can't," Crystal babbled, clearly too overwhelmed by the shocking revelation and shift in power to think clearly.


Michael put his hands on her shoulders and instructed, "On your knees, big sister."

I watched in beautiful slow motion, as Crystal hesitated briefly, like a leaf hanging on for dear life until it inevitably falls helplessly to the ground, and then slowly lowered herself to the floor.

"Good girl," Michael purred, his big cock now staring her in the face.

Crystal stared at Michael's cock, assumedly in awe of its size and the reality that she was on her knees in front of her nerdy brother, whom she had ridiculed and bullied for years.

"Go ahead my pet, take my cock in your mouth," Michael instructed.

She looked up at him, the earlier disdain for her brother gone and replaced with a look of hunger in her eyes that I knew so well, before returning her gaze to his cock.

I stared, in complete voyeuristic awe as she leaned forward and took Michael's cock in her mouth.

Part of me was proud of Crystal for joining me in submission to his cock, and yet another part of me was jealous of having to share him...suddenly thankful she was only going to be here for a couple more days before heading back west.

Frederick resumed pumping his cock into my cunt as Crystal slowly sucked her brother's cock. The incest scene of two siblings was incredibly hot and enhanced the pleasure I was receiving.

Michael groaned, "I have imagined this for many years, my new pet."

Crystal didn't respond as she continued bobbing back and forth on his cock.

After a couple of minutes of Crystal sucking and Frederick fucking, Michael pulled out and asked, "Does big sister want her little brother's big cock in her cunt?"

Crystal looked up and said, frustrated, "Yes, damn it."

"On all fours, my pet," Michael instructed, clearly enjoying his newfound power over his sister.

Crystal obeyed without hesitation, or protest, clearly her desire to submit overriding her stubborn bitchiness.

Michael moved behind her and ordered, "Beg me, big sister."

Crystal sighed, "Just fuck me, Michael."

"That's Master," Michael corrected.

"Fine, fuck me Master," she corrected, not really buying into the Master-pet thing.

"Frederick, come and fuck her face," Michael ordered.

"What?" Crystal gasped. "God, no."

"I wasn't asking your opinion, slut," Michael said, his hands firmly on her hips. "You didn't properly address me and that comes with a punishment."

Frederick pulled out of me, and grinned, "With pleasure."

Frederick stepped in front of Crystal who said, seeing Frederick's big cock, "Shit, do all geeks have big dicks?"

Frederick answered by shoving his cock in her open mouth, and began slowly fucking her face. "I have wanted to see your lips around my cock for years."

Michael asked, rubbing his cock up and down her pussy lips "How badly does big sister want to get fucked?"

Frederick pulled out of Crystal's mouth as she frustratingly answered. "Just fuck me, Michael. Fuck me like you have wanted to for years."

He continued teasing her pussy, as he continued, "I'm not sure you really want my cock, Crystal. If you don't really want it, I know someone who does."

"Dammit, Michael," Crystal said, exasperated, "I just told you to fuck me, what more do you want."

"Begging," Michael answered, slamming his cock into her deeply and pulling back out.

"Fuuuuck," Crystal moaned, as her brother filled her. When he pulled back out, she cursed, "Dammit Michael, stop teasing me. Fuck your big sister."

"My slutty big sister?" Michael asked.

"Yes, dammit," Crystal answered, clearly frustrated. "Now shove that big cock of yours in your sister's slutty wet cunt."

"You sure?" Michael asked, relishing the power he had over her, "After all am I not just your annoying geek brother?"

"You're fucking annoying right now," Crystal snapped, her pretentious persona not yet squelched.

"Call me Master," Michael ordered, slamming his cock deep into her.

"Nooooo..." Crystal moaned.

Michael kept his cock buried in her this time as he repeated, "Call me Master, Crystal."

"Damn it, just fuck me," Crystal demanded, still stubborn.

"Mom, do you want my cock?" Michael asked.

"Oh honey, you know your cock is welcome in any of Mommy's holes whenever you wish," I replied, trying to sound sultry and alluring.

Crystal snapped, "Shut up, slut."

I looked at her and said, "Oh honey, you were never my Mistress...I just let you think that to draw you in." I stood up, walked over to her and added, "You were always an unruly child and now it's time to teach you your place."

Crystal looked at me like I had just slapped her in the face, which, in a way, I had through my words.

I pushed Frederick aside, moved my cunt to her face and ordered, being dominant for the first time, "Lick Mommy's cunt."

Her look of shock was adorable as I grabbed her head and shoved my cunt in her face. After a brief hesitance, I felt her tongue begin licking my extremely wet pussy lips. I moaned, "That's it, Crystal, be a good cunt licker for Mommy."

Michael began fucking her hard, each forward thrust forcing her face deeper into my cunt.

"That's it, Michael, make your sister your plaything," I moaned.

Crystal's licking was sloppy, her moans increasing, as Michael continued fucking her. I asked, moving my cunt away and moving my hand to her chin to make her look up at me, "Who's an incest slut now?"

"I-I-I am," Crystal stammered, as Michael shifted from slow to fast fucking.

"You are what?" I asked.

"An incest sluuuut," she answered, her orgasm obviously close.

"And who is your Master?" Michael interjected, still waiting for the response he longed for.

"You arrrre," Crystal finally admitted, her hunger for pleasure finally overriding her strong-willed personality.

"I'm what?" He asked, wanting to hear the full declaration.

"Master Michael," she admitted, before surprising me, her face shiny with my juices, "and Mommy is my Mistress."

"Good answer, sister slut," he smiled, as he continued slamming into her. "Frederick, go sit on the couch."

Frederick, who had been a silent bystander the past few minutes, quickly did as Michael instructed, his cock standing erect like a lighthouse.

Michael pulled his cock out of Crystal, who had been bouncing back on his cock, riding him hungrily, and she whined, "Nooooo, put it back in."

"Put what back in?" Michael asked smugly.

"Your big fucking cock," Crystal snapped insatiably.

"Go ride Frederick," Michael ordered, surprising Crystal again.

Crystal looked back, "Are you serious?"

"Of course," Michael answered. "Frederick and I share everything. Isn't that right mother?"

"They were my first DP," I revealed.

Crystal shook her head, "I can't fucking believe this."

"What?" Michael asked. "That mom is my slut or that you are too?"

Crystal stood up, turned to face Michael and answered, "That a geek like you has such a dark, confident side."

"Mom brought out the Dom in me," Michael replied, winking at me.

"And Michael brought out the complete submissive slut in me," I interjected.

"In both of you," Michael added, looking directly in Crystal's eyes, as his fingers played with her clit.

"You love this don't you?" Crystal said, still not moving to Frederick.

"If you mean after all these years of my pretentious, hot, popular and condescending big sister finally being put in her place, yes, it is the second best moment in my life," Michael smirked.

"What was your first?" Crystal asked, although we all knew what he was going to say.

"Making my biggest fantasy a reality when mom became my complete, submissive fuck-toy," Michael replied, looking at me.

I smiled, "Oh, Master, you say the sweetest things."

"Now slut sister, do as you were told," Michael ordered.

"Yes, Master," Crystal answered, finally letting go of the last shreds of her defiance.

I watched as she moved to Frederick, and as she climbed on top of him she said, her usual confidence back, "I am going to rock your world."

As Crystal engulfed his cock, Frederick countered, "No, I'm going to fuck yours," as he bucked his ass up.

"Aaaaah God," Crystal screamed, as Frederick went deeper than she knew possible.

"Yes, slut, worship me," Frederick quipped, which sounded as nerdy as possible,

"Shut up and enjoy the ride," Crystal retorted, as she shoved her tits in his face and began riding his cock.

I went to Michael and asked, "Are you taking her ass?"

"Of course," Michael nodded, kissing me. Breaking the kiss, he said, "You did well, Mommy-slut."

"Thank you, Master," I blushed, "now go ass fuck her, Master, make her your and Fredrick's DP bitch."

"You really are the best mom in the world," Michael complimented.

"And don't you forget it when you are banging Crystal or some other slut," I replied, my hand stroking his cock.

"Oh, Mom, you will always be my number one choice," Michael smiled, kissing me again. This time with the passion of a lover and not a Master.

I returned the kiss with equal passion, knowing I would do anything he wanted without hesitation. I loved him as a son, as a lover and as a Master...he was, in essence, my perfect man.

He broke the kiss and whispered, "Go get the video camera, you should have your daughter's first DP on video."

"I wish I had my first DP on video," I smiled.

"Me too," he said, slapping my ass.

I quickly ran to my bedroom and grabbed the video camera, not wanting to miss any of the action. When I returned a couple of minutes later, Crystal was pleading, still riding Frederick's cock, "Please not my ass!"

"Have you never had a cock in your ass?" Michael asked.

"Not as big as yours," she answered, her eyes big with fear.

"Well, then I guess it is time to fix that," Michael smiled, moving behind her.

"Please noooooooooo," Crystal pleading was adorable and hot...especially after her dominant performance on me the night before.

Michael rammed into his sister without lube, filling her with all eight inches of his rock hard cock.

"You mother fucker," Crystal screamed, the pain obviously tearing through her.

"Don't you mean sister fucker," Michael laughed.

"Take iiiiit out," she pleaded.

I moved closer, filming my daughter's sodomy, as I comforted, "It's okay honey, just relax. Once Master starts reaming that tight ass of yours the pain will fade away and an amazing fucking pleasure will take over."

"You're fucking taping this," Crystal snapped, asking the obvious.


Michael quipped, as he began to slowly move his cock in and out of his sister's ass, "I'm not sure you are getting your money's worth at that college."

"Fuuuuck," Crystal whimpered.

I continued, "Relax honey, the pleasure will come, and then you will, too."

Michael added, "All my sluts must allow easy access to all three of their fuck holes, big sister."

"You perverrrrt," Crystal whimpered, but with a slight smile.

"Slut," Michael countered, picking up the pace.

"Sister fucker," Crystal quipped back.

"Brother fucker," Michael shot back.

"Oooooooh, fuuuuuck," she screamed.

After a couple minutes of slow ass fucking, Michael ordered, as he slammed his cock deep into her ass, "Beg to get ass fucked, my pet sister."

"Oh shit, fuck, God," Crystal babbled, her body trembling as the mixture of pleasure and pain hit her.

"Close enough," Michael laughed, as he began to really fuck her ass. I loved watching my daughter get reamed, but was also envious as I too wanted his big cock in me.

She whimpered, getting hysterical and louder with each deep thrust, "Oh yes, shit, fuck, oh Goddddddddddddddd."

Frederick quipped, "She likes it! She really, really likes it."

I laughed at the nerdiness that Frederick couldn't turn off as he quoted a commercial that was before his time. I giggled, "That she does, just like her mother."

For a couple of minutes, the only sounds were Crystal's loud moans, and Michael's grunts.

I asked her, "Does my slut daughter like getting her ass fucked?"

"God, yes, Mommmmmmy," Crystal moaned, obviously close to orgasm.

"Is my slut daughter going to come from getting her ass reamed?" I asked, still taping her.

"Yesssss, Mommmmmmy," she whimpered, as her body began shaking.

Michael grunted, his warning grunt that he was close, and said, "Sister slut, I'm going to fill your ass with cum."

"Come in meeeee," Crystal screamed, as her orgasm hit.

"Aaaaaah," Michael grunted simultaneously as my two children reached mutual orgasms.

As soon as Michael pulled out, I handed him the camera and buried my face in her ass, hungry to retrieve as much of Master's cum as I could. 


After a minute, Frederick demanded, "Ride me slut."

"I can't," Crystal weakly said.

Frederick, taking charge, flipped Crystal onto her back on the couch, knocking me out of the way, spread her legs wide and slid his cock in her cunt. He fucked her hard and Crystal soon began moaning as I joined Michael, slowly stroking his cock while we watched.

After a couple of minutes of hardcore fucking, Crystal moaned, "Oh, Freddy, fuck me harder."

"But I thought I was a geek," Frederick said, pulling his cock out.

"Damn it, Freddy, make me your bitch," Crystal demanded.

"My slut," Frederick asked, rubbing his cock up and down her pussy lips.

"Yes, dammit, now fuck the shit out of me," she moaned.

"As you wish," Frederick agreed, slamming his cock deep in her ass.

"You fuckerrrrrr," Crystal screamed, surprised by having another cock in her ass

Frederick pounded her hard, so hard the couch moved, before he grunted, pulled out, moved his cock to Crystal's face and shoved it in her mouth.

He fucked her face as he said, "I'm going to come all over your face, you fucking bitch."

He pulled out and instantly began shooting his cum all over Crystal's face.

Crystal, who was close to coming, hungrily took his cock back in her mouth to retrieve any last remnants of cum.

Being the sweet mother I was, I crawled between my daughter's legs and finished what Frederick had started.

I wasn't licking for more than thirty seconds, when I felt my back door filled again and I felt Crystal's hands on my head pulling me deeper into her wetness.

As I licked her and Michael fucked me, I realized we were having our first incest threesome.

Unfortunately, it didn't last long as Crystal flooded my face with her pussy juice after only a couple of minutes, while screaming, "I'm coming, Mommmmmmy."

I eagerly lapped her juices as Michael continued pounding my ass.

Michael pulled out, a couple minutes later, as my face remained buried in my daughter's cunt.

He moved to Crystal, pumped his cock and ordered, "Open wide, slut."

Crystal, clearly exhausted, opened wide, and seconds later took a second load all over her face and her mouth.

Frederick, phone in hand, snapped a few pictures of Crystal's cum coated face as Crystal protested, "Don't fucking take pictures of...."

Her protest was shut down as Michael shoved his cock in her mouth.

"It seems to be the only way to shut this bitch up," Michael quipped.

Frederick and I laughed as Michael slowly fucked his sister's face.

Frederick asked, a moment later, looking at me, "What are the odds of helping me make my mom a mommy-slut?"

"Is that an order?" I asked, the idea of seducing another woman suddenly a turn-on after my failed attempt with Crystal.

"I think it is," Frederick grinned.

I shrugged, as I dropped to my knees in front of him, "Tell me what you want me to do, Master, and I will make it happen."

"I want you to turn my mom into a cunt-licking, cocksucking submissive for me to play with," Frederick said, his cock quickly getting hard at the idea.

"Yes, Master," I nodded, before taking his cock in my mouth.

Michael added, "I get first shot at your mom's ass."

"Fuck that," Frederick replied.

"Exactly what I plan to do," Michael retorted.

The End...


"Pet Mommy": Nerd Orgy
bysilkstockingslover©

Summary: Son sets up gangbang for submissive Mom at Comic-Con.

Recap: This is actually part five. Obviously, you should read parts 1, 2, 3 and 4 first, as they will help you understand how the mother ended up where she is now; if you have already read the first four parts and can't remember the basic plot, or just want to start here on part five...here is a very brief summary of the story so far.

"Pet Mommy": Creating a Mommy-Slut Summary:A mother learns her son fantasizes about fucking her and, realizing just how much he resembles her deceased, dominant husband, decides to make his fantasy a reality...in the end seducing her son and becoming his submissive pet mommy.

"Pet Mommy": DP Mommy Slut! Summary: A mother's dominant son makes another fantasy come true... her first double penetration.

"Pet Mommy": Fucking with Mommy Slut Summary:A mother's task is to seduce her daughter and give her to her son as a present at his graduation... alas, things go terribly astray when the daughter takes the mother for herself.

"Pet Mommy": My Daughter Submits Summary: A mother assists in completing the task she failed in chapter 3... getting her daughter to submit to her son. After one failed attempt, this time she succeeds.

Notes: Thanks as always to my editors Wayne, goamz86, Robert and Mike.

Pet Mommy 5: Nerd Orgy

It was a crazy few days with both my daughter and I being fucked by my son, her brother, our Master.

He really revelled in his power over us, particularly his sister who had treated him so badly most of his life. They say payback is a bitch and this was definitely the case both literally and figuratively as Mike dominated his sister for the rest of her visit. On the day she was leaving, he shot three loads on her face and made her wear his cum all day, not allowing her to wash her face at all until she returned home. She had to send pictures while in line at security, on the plane, in the taxi on the way home and in her house. To my complete shock she obeyed the commands even though she was no longer at home.

Once she flew back to her summer job, it was again just Mike and me and on occasion Frederick joining in to make it a threesome.

As summer began, Mike asked, after depositing a load deep in my ass, "Mom, what is one fantasy you would really like to have come true?"

"I'm already living the fantasy," I answered, which was true. Finding a man I loved and trusted to be my Master was all I ever wanted. I had never been so completely content as I had the day I submitted to my son and every day since.

He smiled, "Me too, Mom. But what is the greatest fantasy that you have yet to live?"

I pondered this. I supposed I could give lots of answers. Now that I had committed incest with both my son and daughter, the thought of my brother popped into my head. I also liked the idea of being seduced and dominated by an entire sorority house. Yet, my biggest fantasy had always been, since high school, to be gangbanged. The idea was always hot for many reasons:

-I wanted to have all three holes filled at once

-I love having cum shot in my mouth, cunt and ass (each feeling different)

-I also like the slutty declaration when my face is coated with the white stuff

-I wanted to see how many cocks I could take in one night and how many times I could come in one night

Finally, I answered, "You may think me even a bigger slut than you already do."

He laughed, "Sluttier than incest?"

"Maybe," I shrugged, "I want to be gangbanged."

"Of course you do," he smiled, not remotely surprised by my answer.

I asked, "Am I a bad Mommy?"

"So bad," he purred, as he slid his ready-to-go-again cock in my mouth.

After a couple of minutes of cocksucking, he pulled out and slammed into my cunt as I quipped, "Of course, a perfect gangbang would be a bunch of virile, able to shoot a few loads in one night, young men."

"Hmmmmm," he groaned, obviously contemplating my fantasy.

Over the next week, I met with Frederick's mom for coffee, but couldn't even begin to fathom how I would seduce her. I complemented her on her hair and touched her arm twice, but in the end, the conversation ended up being very generic.

On Friday, Mike announced, as I knelt in front of him and sucked his cock while he watched Dr. Who, "Tomorrow you get gangbanged."

"P-p-pardon?" I stammered, surprised by his declaration.

"I've set up a gangbang for you tomorrow night," he repeated, nonchalantly.

"With who?" I asked, instantly curious, although worried about my identity.

"Nerds," he answered.

"Do you mind being more specific?" I countered, slowly stroking his cock.

"Actually, yes I do," he countered, before adding, "now finish me off, Frederick will be here soon and I have to get into costume."

I returned to sucking his cock, completely loving having it in my mouth, as I pondered what he had planned. I knew comic con was in town this weekend and thus the community was literally swarming with geeks and nerds of every stripe. Yet, how did that lead to a gangbang with me in the starring role?

Even though I didn't know the answer, my cunt leaked at the promise made as he shot his load down my throat, completing the trifecta like he did almost every day (one load each in my ass, cunt and mouth).

He finished watching the episode as I slowly continued servicing his cock.

Finally, he said, "Get some rest tonight, mommy-slut, tomorrow night will be a marathon."

.....

By the way, it's pretty much impossible to get sleep when you know that one of your biggest fantasies is about to come true.

My mind was a mess, from complete excitement and a burning cunt to utter trepidation at the reality that I would be getting fucked by complete strangers. That said, the idea of being fucked by strangers, used for their pleasure, was also a major turn-on.

I had always craved being a slut, but now that I was a Mommy-slut as Mike loved to call me, I craved the submission of somehow becoming an even bigger slut.

Thankfully, after masturbating to another orgasm, I eventually fell asleep.

.....

Saturday morning, for only the second time since my submission to my son, I didn't get a load of cum in one of my holes for breakfast.

Mike apparently hadn't come home last night and I can't deny it, not getting my morning load of cum threw me off. It had become my version of a morning coffee, and without it I was lethargic and crabby.

I showered, had breakfast and read the paper wondering where he was and what exactly he had in store for me.

It was after two when he texted me.

Mommy-slut

You need to go to Comic Cosmo and choose from one of the three costumes I left with your name on it. Ask for Joey.

P.S.: I'll be picking you up at 5:30 to be my date at Comic Con.

P.P.S.: of course, you'll wear thigh highs with whatever outfit you choose.

P.P.P.S.: of course, no bra or panties.

Have fun

I reread the text, my pussy instantly tingling, feeling neglected by Mike's absence today.

I sighed as I wondered what Mike thought would be an appropriate outfit for his mother to go to Comic Con in...and likely get gangbanged in.

I drove to the shop and entered it, briefly flashing back to the earlier adult store adventure.

Going inside, I went directly to the desk and asked for Joey. To my surprise Joey was a female, a very pretty, voluptuous young lady.

"You must be Sarah," she smiled warmly.

"That's what my birth certificate says," I responded, slightly flirtatious for some reason.

She laughed, "So, your boyfriend left you three outfits to choose from. He wants you to try each one on and have me take a photo with your phone and send it to him."

"Okay," I said tentatively, noticing her smile. She was clearly intrigued by me.

"Follow me," she ordered, as she added, turning to an older brunette, "I'm going to do a personal fitting."

"Yes, ma'am," the brunette nodded.

I thought it strange that the woman in her forties would call the girl half her age 'ma'am'.

Yet, I followed her, like the submissive I was, past the changing rooms and into the back that was, in itself, a large changing room.

Joey walked over to a table and grabbed the first outfit. She handed it to me.

"Seriously?" I asked, even after all I had done, this seemed to be pushing it.

"Your Master, as he called himself, chose these three himself," Joey said bluntly, her tone amused and yet authoritative.

My face burned red with the knowledge that she knew I was a submissive to a much younger man. I prayed she didn't know he was my son. I nodded, trying to be casual, "He is a creative Master."

"Setting up a gangbang for you is indeed creative," she nodded, matter-of-factly, as she handed me the ridiculously skimpy 'Princess Leia' outfit.

I took it and asked, as I looked around this small area, "Where do I change?"

"There is a washroom right over there," she pointed.

I went to the washroom and got undressed. I kept the mocha thigh highs on and once in the ridiculously skimpy outfit I gasped. The outfit was slutty, but with the completely visible thigh high stockings it looked like I was a porn actress in a very bad costume.

"Come out and let me see it," she called.

I was mortified to be seen in this. The bra barely held in my tits, while the lame excuse for a bottom surely didn't completely cover my ass.

Yet, knowing that Mike was expecting photos, I walked out, leaving the last shreds of my dignity in the washroom.

Joey nodded, "Wow, you have a better body than me."

I was flattered by the compliment. "Um, thanks, but I feel completely naked in this."

"There is one more piece to the ensemble," Joey added.

"I hope it's a cape," I joked.

Joey grabbed something from the table and walked over to me. "Your new hair."

"I don't think that's what they will be looking at," I pointed out, realizing I would be every geek's wildest fantasy.

"That is true," Joey nodded, "but at Comic Con they want as much authenticity as possible."

"I don't think Carrie Fisher has tits this big," I suggested.

"There," she declared, backing away. "Wow!"

"Wow, what?" I asked,

"You look a lot like her." She answered.

"I do?" I asked.

"Yes, there's a full length mirror over by the entrance back towards the store, go take a look," she said.

I was worried I would have to walk back into the store, but thankfully the mirror was in the hallway between the two.

Looking at myself in the mirror, I too gasped. I did indeed look a lot like Princess Leia...a real slutty version of her.

Joey said, startling me as I stared at myself, "I think we have a winner."

"I look like a slut," I pointed out.

"You are a slut, aren't you?" She asked, an instant slap in the face. It was one thing to be a slut for my son, but this was different.

"I guess," I said.

"Let's take a picture to send to your Master and then you can try on outfit two," she instructed, snapping her fingers and pointing me back to where we started.

I followed obediently and stood for the picture.

"Pose sensually," she ordered, "not like you're going to a funeral."

I again obeyed, and as the flashes began, I was drawn into posing, enjoying the attention of briefly being a model.

After a dozen or so photos, she said, "That was better." She went to the table and grabbed a Wonder Woman outfit, "Now, go try this one on."

I grabbed it and went to the change room. I got out of the first skimpy costume and put on the next. It was not as skimpy, but still definitely slutty, especially with the thigh thighs completely exposed.

I walked out, less nervous than in the Princess Leia outfit.

She nodded, "You look good in that one too, it really accentuates those tits of yours."

"Thanks," I replied, noticing how the spandex outfit really framed my breasts perfectly.

"Pose," she ordered, as she lifted the camera to her face.

I again posed, somehow enjoying this submissive task.

"Here is the next one," she handed me a very colourful outfit. "Daisy."

"Okay," I nodded, having no idea who Daisy was.

I went back to the change room and began putting on the colourful costume. Once it was on, I put on the strange mushroom head hat and returned to Joey.

"Hmmmmm," she mused, as she looked at me.

"Who am I?" I asked.

"Daisy," she answered. When I looked at her with a confused look, she added, "From Mario Brothers."

"Oh," I said, vaguely recalling the games on the wii before he moved on to a playstation.

"You can't be her if you don't know who she is," Joey declared, as she snapped a couple photos of me.

"So, Star Wars or superhero," she pondered.

"Definitely Wonder Woman," I declared, feeling slightly more comfortable in it than I was in the barely-an-outfit Princess Leia costume.

"We'll let your Master decide," she shrugged, as she typed on my phone.

"Okay," I nodded, knowing he would pick the Princess Leia costume because he was a Star Wars nut. Our last cat was called Chewbacca.

"And while we wait for his response, why don't you come and give me my tip for helping you," she said, as she sat down on a chair and spread her legs.

I could have protested, or at least feigned objection, yet my natural desire to submit controlled me as usual. I walked to her, dropped to my knees and tugged her panties down. Once they were off, I leaned forward and began licking her slightly hairy pussy.

"You really are as obedient as he said you were," she moaned.

I wondered what else he had said about me, although mostly I was just thankful he hadn't let her know I was his mother.

The abundance of hair was annoying and awkward at first, but once I created a path to her pussy lips it became pleasant, her scent a lot stronger captured in her pubic hair.

"That's it, lick my cunt," she moaned, seemingly enjoying my tongue.

As her pussy got wetter and her breathing heavier, I moved to her clit and took it between my lips.

"Oh shiiiit," she moaned, grabbing the back of my head and pressing my face hard into her cunt.

I kept licking until I felt a gush of wetness coat my entire face. I hungrily lapped her pussy juice, which had a unique taste to it.

When she let go of my head, she asked, "Could you taste his cum in my cunt?"

I was instantly jealous at the fact that his first load wasn't shot in me, but I answered, "A little."

She checked my phone, which had buzzed a couple of times during the sexual encounter. She said, "He wants you in the Princess Leia outfit and to be ready for him to pick you up at five-thirty."

"Of course he did," I nodded, nervous to be seen in public in such an outfit, even though the implication of a gangbang really was exciting me.

"Of course, he wants you to buy all the outfits you tried," she added, standing up.

"Of course he does," I smirked, already imagining the hours of role play ahead.

Ten minutes later I had paid for the outfits, and was just getting to my car when my phone rang. It was Michael.

"Hi, my little slut," he greeted.

"Hi, Master," I responded, thankful no one was around to hear me.

"Did you enjoy your afternoon snack?" He asked.

"I'd rather have gotten it directly from the source," I slyly responded.

"Oh don't worry, tonight I will make sure you get lots of it directly from the source," he replied back.

Nervous, I confronted him. "Honey, are you sure this is a good idea?"

"Mom, trust me. Tonight will be the night of your life," he promised.

"That night already happened when we first fucked," I pointed out, trying to be blunt.

"Oh Mom," he sighed, "We both know you want this. I'm not going to let you back out now."

True, I had long fantasized about being gangbanged, the double fucking with Mike and Frederick only enhancing my fantasy, but a group of strangers was both exciting and utterly nerve wracking. "Fine," I said, which implied it wasn't really fine, my tone contradicting the definition.

"Be ready at five-thirty," he said, "tonight is going to be a lot of fun."

"I'll be ready," I agreed, although I still wasn't completely sure what I was getting ready for. Yes, I assumed there was going to be some sort of gangbang, yet how and where were still mysteries.

"See you soon, Mommy-slut," he finished, before hanging up.

I drove home, my mind spinning with the possibilities, both the good and the bad... yet, like getting dp'd by him and his best friend Frederick, or seducing my own daughter, I was going to do what my son, my master, told me to. The moment I seduced him and became his slut, I had accepted that he owned me mind, body and soul, and regardless of my occasional trepidation, I wouldn't change a thing.

So, as instructed, I went home, my cunt dripping with anticipation of a night of craziness.

Looking in the mirror, in the slutty Star Wars outfit, I knew Michael would love it and I instantly felt ten years younger... sure the thigh highs didn't go with the outfit, but it definitely made me the sluttiest Princess Leia ever.

Michael showed up five minutes late, before coming in and saying, "Fuck, you look even hotter in person than in the picture."

"Thank you," I smiled, loving getting such sexist compliments. My cunt on fire, and definitely going through cock withdrawal, I asked, dripping with sexy naughtiness, "Does my son want to pound his pet Mommy first?"

"Of course I do," he answered, walking to me, my cunt instantly leaking with anticipation.

"Good, because Mommy needs her cunt pounded so fucking baddddd," I purred, rubbing his cock through his pants.

"Did you enjoy the afternoon snack?" He asked again.

"It wasn't the snack I am accustomed to," I countered, dropping to my knees, willing to do anything to get his dick in me.

"It was just an appetizer for tonight," he responded, as I hastily fished out his cock.

"Can I have the full course meal?" I asked, before devouring his cock.

"You can get a nice load in your mouth," he groaned, "but your cunt and ass are off limits until tonight's gangbang."

I sighed as I bobbed back and forth on his delicious cock. I wanted to be fucked...now, but I would have to settle for a yummy load of his cum.

As I continued taking all his cock in my mouth, he talked, "Tonight is going to be your ultimate fantasy come true."

Again part of me was horny as hell with the idea of being gangbanged, a fantasy I had for years, yet the risk of being caught by someone I know, or of someone knowing I was fucking my son, had me nervous.

"You want to be triple teamed don't you, Mommy-slut?" he asked.

Horny as hell, I took his cock out of my mouth and agreed, "God, yes, Mommy wants to be fucked all night."

As soon as I was done answering his question, I resumed bobbing on his cock, the idea of the gangbang getting more and more appealing.

"I have a dozen guys ready and willing to give you their young, hard cocks," he continued.

I moaned on his cock, the vision of a bunch of young, naked men lining up to fuck me my biggest fantasy.

"Oh yes, you will be fucked for hours," he continued, "every load coated all over your body."

I took his cock out of my mouth and asked, "No come in my mouth, cunt or ass?"

He smiled, "I promoted it as MILF cum bath."

"Oh my God, you didn't?" I gasped, while continuing to stroke his hard cock.

"I did," he nodded, before shoving his cock in my mouth, holding my head and beginning to fuck my face. I had gotten very good at not gagging when my mouth was roughly fucked, his whole cock filling my mouth so fully, his balls bouncing off my chin...which made the act so much hotter.

As usual, in less than two minutes, my throat was being coated with cum, the face fucking almost always the finale of a blow job.



I swallowed it all, like a good Mommy-slut always does, although I really wished he would have filled my cunt with that big load.

Pulling out, he asked, "Do you want the boys to come inside you?"

The question was adorable because it was so sincere, yet the conversation was utterly absurd in 99.99% of households.

I flicked my tongue over his cockhead to retrieve one last remnant of his seed and replied, "You're the master."

"Fuck, I love you Mom," he replied, pulling me up and kissing me.

My body warmed at the sweetness and the gentleness of the kiss. If one could look past the incestuous act and the very strict master-submissive relationship we had, you would see a mother and a son who would literally do anything for each other and who loved each other without prejudice. I knew what made him happy and he knew what made me happy... that is love.

Although others would call it sick, twisted, immoral and illegal, I saw it as a mother giving her son everything he needed.

Breaking the kiss, he said, "By the way, you will have a mask over your face to conceal your identity."

"Thank God," I gasped, relief rushing through me as the only concern I had, my identity being revealed, was now answered.

"But you would have gone without one for me, wouldn't you have?" he asked.

"I'd do anything for you," I responded, although I'm pretty sure I had already proven that.

"You are the best mom ever," he smiled.

"Some would call me a criminal," I smiled back, no longer remotely concerned about social expectations or legalities.

"Well, if that is the case," he smiled, putting his cock away, "I'd definitely be charged with aiding and abetting."

"Hopefully, there is an incest prison where we are put in the same cell," I joked.

"Hilarious," he laughed, as he said, "I'll be ready to go soon."

"I can't wait," I said, my cunt begging for attention.

"I know," he nodded as he headed to his room.

Fifteen minutes later, he returned dressed as Darth Vader. I said, "I'm almost naked and you're covered from head to toe."

"I know, life is so unfair," he joked, his voice distorted.

"And even your voice is disguised," I sighed.

"Here is a trench coat for going in public," he said, after taking off the mask.

"You're so kind," I sarcastically teased.

"I set up a gangbang to make your ultimate fantasy come true," he pointed out.

I countered, reminding him again, "I am living my greatest fantasy by being your Pet Mommy."

"Fuck, you're the hottest woman in the world," he said.

"Don't you mean galaxy?" I questioned, giving a sexy pose.

"Good call," he laughed, as we headed out.

During the drive, he told me about Comic Con and all the cool celebrities there... none of whom sounded familiar to me.

When we got to the hotel hosting the nerd fest, he asked, "Ready to be drooled over?"

"Am I going to be the oldest woman at this thing?" I asked.

"Not even close," he answered. "Comic Con has people from newborn to near death."

"I'm not sure if that makes me feel better or worse," I playfully quipped.

"Oh, I almost forgot, here is your mask," he said, pulling out a very small red mask.

As he handed it to me, I pointed out, "It looks like a teenage mutant ninja turtle mask."

He smiled, his usual geeky smile, "That is because it is a teenage mutant ninja turtle mask, a Raphael mask to be precise."

"Yes, I'd hate to not be precise," I quipped, putting the mask over my eyes.

"Now you're practically unrecognizable," he joked.

"Yes, like when Clark Kent puts on his glasses," I shot back, as I looked in the mirror.

"Trust me, they won't be looking at your face," he smiled.

I cupped my breasts, "That's for sure."

"Let's go," he said, with an adorable look of excitement in his eyes.

"Yes, Master," I nodded, as he put his Darth Vader helmet on.

He took my hand and we walked to the hotel as a couple, which was surreal and romantic, even if the end result would be anything but.

I whispered as we reached the lobby entrance, "I love you Michael."

"I love you too, Mom," he said, in his Darth Vader tone which made me laugh.

As we waited in line to get in, I could feel every set of eyes on me. I don't know if that was completely true, but it sure felt that way.

Once inside, he explained, "We will do a couple hours of touring first and have dinner before your special surprise."

"I have to walk around like this for two hours?" I asked, suddenly mortified.

"The surprise is scheduled for nine," He answered.

I looked at the clock and saw it was just after 6:30. 'Fuck', I cursed to myself.

The next two hours were a whirlwind. I met other geeks, had my picture taken with over fifty fans who wanted a picture with Princess Slut Leia and was propositioned a few times (two younger women dressed in Star Trek gear even offered to take me back to their hotel room). To be honest, all the attention was flattering and by the time Michael said it was time I was ready and willing for as many cocks as he could find me.

Michael asked, seeing me get hit on by two very attractive younger women, "Should I invite them along too?"

I smiled, "I'm whore Mommy-slut, invite anyone you want."

To my surprise, he went over to them and chatted. I don't know what he said, but I could feel a rush of shame and excitement coursing through me. Tonight, I wasn't Betty Lodge, mother of two; no, I was just a no-name three-hole cum slut willing to suck and fuck and eat any body served to me.

He returned with a smile on his face, "I have their room number if you decide you want a cunt-cap after your orgy."

"You're such a sweetheart," I smiled, both being playful and sincere at the same time.

"I know," he nodded, taking my hand and leading me out of the nerd-a-thon and to the elevator.

A rush of adrenaline gushed though me as I realized that the gangbang, which I had fantasized about my whole life, was going to happen soon.

"Ready, Mommy-slut?" he asked, as the elevator doors closed.

I dropped to my knees in front of him and asked, "May I have a quick suck?"

"There are cameras watching us," he pointed out.

Deciding fuck it, I fished out his cock through the thin fabric and quickly shoved it in my mouth.

"Goddddd, you slut," he groaned, as he ran his fingers through my hair.

I immediately felt the elevator slowing down, so I allowed his cock to drop out of my mouth, stood up and teased, "You should probably put that thing away, there are cameras in here.

He shook his head as he put his dick away just before the elevator came to a stop.

He got out and went to room 1217. I followed.

I walked in and laughed. "You booked the honeymoon suite?"

"I go all out when I set up my Mommy-slut's gangbang," he said, taking off his Darth Vader mask.

"So I see," I smiled, going to the chilled champagne and popping the cork. The bottle fizzed when the pop corked and I joked, "A rather premature ejaculation."

"You may get a few of those tonight," he laughed.

I poured myself a glass and quickly downed it before pouring a second, thinking some liquid courage to loosen me up wouldn't hurt.

"We have about ten minutes," he said.

"Just enough time to have an appetizer," I purred, dropping to my knees and taking his cock in my mouth.

"You really are insatiable," he groaned.

I moaned on his cock, bobbing hungrily.

"So do you want them to come in you or on you?" he asked, as I sucked.

I took his cock out of my mouth, "You're the master."

"I think all on you will be hottest," he said, shoving his cock back in my mouth.

I moaned on his dick in response, wanting a load of his sweet cum in my mouth.

Suddenly there was a knock on the door. He ordered, "Stay," as he put his helmet back on.

"Yes, Master," I nodded, as I realized this was really happening.

He went to the door and answered it. He asked, "Are you here for the cum bath?"

"Yes," two voices said in unison.

"Great come in," Michael offered.

I watched as two nerds, both looking to be in college and dressed as Mario and Luigi, entered, Michael walked over to me and shoved his dick back in my mouth. He said, "Sorry guys, you're early. Just giving my cum slut an appetizer before the main event."

"Holy shit," one said.

The other added, "She's even hotter than we could have imagined."

The compliments excited me, as did having them watch me suck my son's cock, oblivious to the act of incest they were actually witnessing.

I bobbed even faster wanting to put on a show for these two strangers.

"That's it cum slut, suck me like the fucking whore you are," Michael said, knowing such dirty talk turns me on.

Another knock at the door.

"Don't you dare fucking stop," he ordered.

I obeyed as I assumed one of the other two went to get the door.

"Is this the cum bath?" someone asked, sounding shy.

"It is." Someone else said.

Michael greeted, "Come on in, I'm just getting the slut's mouth warmed up."

"Wow," the guy said.

"Wait till you're in one of her three fuck holes," Michael said, clearly enjoying the shock and awe of the nerds watching.

I kept bobbing, taking all his big dick in my mouth.

"Ready for my load in your mouth, cum slut?" Michael questioned.

I moaned on his cock in response, hoping he would deposit his seed down my throat.

"Here it comes fuck slut," he grunted and instantly exploded in my mouth. I kept bobbing, milking every drop of his dominant seed.

As soon as he pulled out, I purred, looking at the three audience members, and asked, "Who's next?"

The guy I hadn't seen yet, dressed exactly like 'Where's Waldo', walked over to me and said, "Find big cock."

I laughed and joked, as I rubbed his cock through his pants, "Oh where oh where could it be."

He groaned.

"Found big dick," I joked, impressed by his already completely hard cock. I pulled his pants and underwear down and quipped, "Free Waldo."

The others laughed as I took the decent seven inch cock in my mouth.

My son said, "Are you two going to watch or get involved? The slut has two empty holes at the moment."

"We can fuck her ass?" one asked.

"Sluts have three holes for service and she is definitely a slut," Michael answered, "isn't that right?"

I took the cock out of my mouth and nodded, "Yes Master, all three of my fuck holes are available to anyone you give permission to."

I then took Waldo's cock back in my mouth.

Soon I felt hands on my hips and I asked, "So who wants my cunt and who wants my asshole?"

Waldo said, "I'll take that cunt."

"Lie down, big boy," I ordered and then straddled his erect flag pole.

"Shiiit," he groaned as his cock disappeared inside me.

"Now Mario, let's see what is hiding in those trousers of yours," I smiled, pulling the shocked nerd to me. I pulled his sweat-like pants down, tugged his Spiderman underwear without even breaking a smile, and took his five inch fully erect cock in my mouth.

"Remember boys, no coming in the slut. You can come on her face, ass or tits," Michael reminded everyone.

Another knock at the door.

I ignored it as I rode one cock while sucking on another, oddly wishing the other guy would shove his cock in my ass.

"Hi boys," Michael greeted, implying more than one.

"It's already started," someone else said.

"Still one open hole," Michael declared, as I heard a couple of voices.

"Dibs," someone said, and I hoped my ass would soon be filled.

"Rock, paper, scissors," another said, which made me almost laugh...the idea they were playing rock, paper, scissors over who would fuck my ass first.

To my surprise, they actually did it as I heard the hand slapping.

"Yes," someone said a moment later, just as Mario groaned, pulled out and became the first to shoot his cum on me, spraying all over my face.

I moaned, "Mmmmmm, what a big load."

"Oh Goddd," he groaned.

"Where's your friend?" I asked, a moment later.

Sheepishly, Luigi moved over to me. I asked, "Do you want me to suck your cock?"

"Yes, ma'am," he nodded, as I felt hands on my hips.

"Ready to have a cock in your ass, slut?" someone said from behind.

I turned around to see a guy dressed as Austin Powers, right down to the bad teeth.

"Shove it in my asshole," I offered, as I stopped riding the cock in my cunt and pulled down the pants of Luigi. "Oh myyyyyyyyyy," I said, as I stared at a big nine inch cock just as my ass was filled.

"Fucking tight," he grunted, just as I leaned forward slightly and took the big cock in my mouth.

I was being triple-teamed!

Another fantasy coming true.

Although it was difficult to get into any sort of rhythm at first, I was soon taking both cocks deep inside me while also bobbing forward to serve the cock in my mouth.

Another knock at the door.

A moment later, I had a cock in each hand, suddenly servicing five cocks at once, something even I had never fathomed as a possibility.

It was exhilarating to please so many at once as I moved in all directions.

Michael reminded the new guests, "Remember you can fuck any of her three fuck holes, but only come on her."

"As you wish," the guy in my ass said, pulling out and immediately spraying cum on my back side.

"My turn," someone said, as whoever I was just stroking with my right hand moved behind me and soon I had another cock in my ass.

Seconds later Luigi pulled out, and I got my second facial of the evening, and did this kid cum buckets, as he coated my face unlike any facial I had ever received before.

As soon as he moved away, a much smaller cock replaced it and I was again triple filled, while I still stroked one other cock.

"Shit, what a mouth," someone dressed in all green groaned.

"Ride me, slut," the forgotten Waldo demanded.

I again tried to get in the rhythm as three cocks pumped in and out of me.

After a couple more minutes, there was another knock at the door.

"I want to come on her face," someone said from behind me, as he pulled out of my ass. The guy in my mouth pulled out too and I was soon being coated with not one, but two loads of cum. I opened my mouth wide, wanting to get at least a taste of cum.

My face, now with four loads on it, made me feel excessively slutty. Wanting to change positions, I stood up, got on my back on the bed and said, "Waldo, come and find my pussy."

He got off the floor, moved between my legs, grabbed my ankles and slammed into me.

"Oh yes, find my orgasm," I moaned, the triple penetration feeling amazing, but not allowing me to get off due to the awkward lack of flow.

He fucked me hard, likely in a similar position as me in regards to a desperate need to finally come.

With no cock in my mouth, I could finally see everyone who was there. At least ten guys in a variety of costumes, including the gold robot guy from Star Wars who was now playing with my breasts incredibly awkwardly.

In a regular position and fucking hard, my orgasm quickly rising. "Pound my cunt," I begged.

"Oh God," Waldo groaned, slamming into me hard.

"Oh yessssss," I screamed, a moment later as my orgasm finally hit.

Seconds later, he pulled out and his cum rocketed onto my belly and tits.

It wasn't ten seconds later when the robot guy flipped me onto my side and slid his cock in my ass.

Another large guy I hadn't seen yet, dressed in a Yoda outfit, moved onto the bed and moved his flaccid cock to my face. Although the position was awkward, and he was somewhat disgusting, I took his cock in my mouth.

The guy in my ass roughly pounded me, while I struggled to suck the cock growing in my mouth.

Eventually, the robot guy pulled out, flipped me back onto my back and coated my tits with his cum.

"Come sit on my cock," demanded a guy who was actually just naked, no costume at all, and very handsome.

I got off the bed, moved to him and, facing his feet, lowered myself onto him.

He surprised me at the last second as he repositioned his cock while I lowered myself, taking his cock all in my ass. "Ohhhhhh," I moaned, "you bad boooooy."

I began riding his cock, liking the position and control.

After a couple of minutes, someone said, "Let's dp her."

I moved my feet onto the naked guy's strong legs, spread myself wide and offered my open cunt to whoever wanted it.

A guy in a Lone Ranger outfit with a mask moved between my legs and moved his long thin dick to my cunt.

"Fuck me, masked boy," I smiled, wanting to try getting double penetrated in this more challenging position.

As he slid his cock into me, the other cock still buried completely in my ass, I began bucking back and forth fucking his cock while keeping the other lodged deep in my back door.

The sensation of having a dick buried in my ass while I grinded myself on it, simultaneously getting my pussy pounded, caused my second orgasm to hit me hard.

"Ohhhhhh fuck!" I screamed, leaning back onto my mysterious stranger.

The Lone Ranger kept fucking me and like most of the guys there he had a quick trigger and shot his load up in the air, hitting my belly, tits and neck.

"Keep riding," the guy in my ass demanded and I did, even as the last tremors of my second orgasm rippled through me.

A couple of minutes of fucking him, and he lifted me up, positioned me on his cock and began fucking me, now in my cunt, while he held me up. I screamed, as his cock filled my cunt, the unique position creating a unique pleasure, "Fuck, yes."

He somehow fucked me while holding me and my third orgasm immediately began building.

I wrapped my legs around him and literally enjoyed the ride until he put me back on the chair and shoved his cock in my mouth. The fucker, I realized, had been in all three of my holes. He roughly fucked my face until he pulled out and spewed his cum on my face.

I could continue to give details of the next hour, but instead I'll list them:

-I was triple teamed once more

-I was a rocking horse, fucking one guy while simultaneously sucking another

-I was tit fucked

-I was fisted, which almost made me pass out

-and I had so many orgasms, I literally couldn't tell you how many...

Then I was finished off by being on my knees going from cock to cock until the eight remaining guys all did a circle jerk, coming all over me.

I was literally drenched in cum. My hair, my face, my tits, my ass, my back, and my nylon-clad legs were all sticky and white.

Once they were all gone, Michael asked, "So?"

"I've never been so exhausted in my life," I answered, lying on the ground.

"Was it all you imagined?" he asked.

"And more," I nodded, before adding, "although I'm not sure I could do this too often."

"I'm happy you enjoyed it," he said, "but I have to admit I was a bit jealous of all these guys fucking you."

"Really?" I asked.

"Yes, you're my pet Mommy," he said.

"And always I'll be," I promised, crawling to him and taking his flaccid cock in my mouth...knowing that I loved my son as a son, a lover and a Master.

The end

Coming one day...maybe:

Pet Mommy: Road Trip

A cross country drive gives the son and daughter lots of opportunity to play.

Pet Mommy: Seductions

Pet Mommy has to finish the seduction of Frederick's Mom.

Pet Mommy: The Mile High Club

Pet Mommy and son join the mile high club.