She Saw a Huge Snake
byDiana Retnuhvek©

Aubrey saw him staring again, but forgave him. She understood, understood how hard it must be for him not to stare at a pair of legs such as hers.

Tanned so well from the past few days out in the sun, her legs were much more interesting than any of the boring artifacts the two teens saw on their sight seeing.

But God, she thought, the boy is obsessed with my thighs. Can he look at anything else?

"Come on, we have to at least try to find the others again," she said to her 18-year-old companion. "I still can't believe they fucking left us, but let's at least make the effort."

Young Kevin, finally drawn out of the daydreaming he did while gazing at his group leader's legs, legs that were shown off so well courtesy of the short khaki shorts Aubrey was wearing, followed instruction.

He was not only infatuated with the 18-year-old knockout, who was a classmate of his at the local high school, but looked up to her for she had many more friends than he did.

"You're right, group leader," he said. "Roger that."

Aubrey was getting so annoyed with Kevin's sense of humor - he kept using dorky phrases like Roger that, and insisted on calling her group leader, like they were in some army or something. For a high school senior, he still acted like some geeky little kid, but Aubrey would soon find out how Kevin was very much grown up.

He was annoying her though, with his acting like the two were part of a expedition, but they were merely part of a weekend outing in the Black Forest, and they didn't even have the intelligence to stay with the group.

Kevin, and his weak bladder, caused them to lag behind. Aubrey was so annoyed with him when he begged her to stay and wait for him, for as a result the both of them got lost.

"Kevin dammit, do you have to pee every 10 minutes?" Aubrey said, her temper now short not only because of the fact that they were lost in a huge forest, but also because the heat had reached 95 degrees, a marking that was brought to their knowledge via the dorky thermometer Kevin brought along with him. "If you didn't have to stop, we wouldn't be in this situation."

"I'm sorry group leader - "

"And Jesus Christ, would you stop with the fucking group leader stuff. My name is Aubrey, and we are not part of a squadron - we are two campers who got lost from their parents. Got it?" she said harshly.

Kevin was startled she had used such language with him - his parents, leaders of a church group and teachers at his high school, didn't even let him watch R-rated movies so he seldom heard the F-word.

"I'm sorry group leader - I mean Aubrey," he said.

She sighed out of frustration, and took a look down the long trail in front of them, a trail that had no other travelers in sight except the two of them.

"God," she said. "I can't even use my cell phone to call my boyfriend - I can't get a signal out here in the boondocks. We're screwed."

Kevin looked to Aubrey for leadership, but he wasn't getting much of that. She knew he had a crush on her, which annoyed her even more. A cheerleader and top swimmer - not to forget a brown belt in karate, Aubrey had many outlets to boost her popularity even beyond what she gained from simply being so hot. And she had no attraction to boys as unpopular as poor Kevin.

Not only was he unpopular, but unpopular for a reason. He had all of these stupid camping things with him, she noticed, all of these things that made him look like some geeky scientist wanna-be. He was sort of a scrawny, nerdy type.

She noticed he wasn't ugly, though. Actually, kind of cute - he had short blonde hair, blue eyes and a good build.

But God, was he a dork. And Aubrey found it difficult to get past that.

"Y-you have a boyfriend?" he asked her, hinting that he was interested in her availability, even though she wouldn't date him if her young life depended on it.

"Yeah - you know Scott Thompson?" she asked. "You know, captain of the football team? Junior Prom King last year?"

Obviously, she was making Kevin realize the kind of credentials one would have to have to date her.

"Oh, yeah, he's a cool guy," said Kevin, whose geekiness never allowed him to ever even cross paths with a social icon such as Mr. Thompson.

"Yeah, been going steady for about a year," she said to him, again making note that she was not only dating somebody, but seriously dating somebody.

She then burped out loud - the most unfeminine thing you could think of - to show she didn't even care to act lady-like around Kevin.

But dammit, he was still very much attracted to her.

The thing he thought most about was her legs, but at his age, boys start to find out - via dirty magazines - what lies in between those legs.

Kevin masturbated a lot - the cause for his high-pressure bladder - and found it difficult to be out in the woods with a gorgeous female such as Aubrey and not, as they say, jerk it. He had an awful lot of stuff building up inside him.

He wondered what she looked like naked. The unbelievable heat had caused her to wear only a skimpy white T-shirt, which gave away the outline of her bra and even a pair of little bumps where her nipples lie.

Breast size was not a problem for Aubrey - she had some world-class knockers.

Kevin also thought about her crotch, maybe more than a young guy should. He was obsessed with it, thought about how hairy she was down there.

God did he get hard when he saw those pictures of a naked female showing off a thick bush of pubic hair. I bet Aubrey has one of those, he thought to himself.

Aside from all of those private parts, Kevin also liked the parts of Aubrey that weren't covered. She had cute, short brown hair, and a pair of brown eyes he found it easy to look into.

Why can't I stop pissing her off, though?, he thought to himself. Speaking of piss, however, that's exactly what Kevin had to do. And he had to do it badly.

"Aubrey?" he said hesitantly as the two walked further down the barren path.

"What!" she said angrily.

"I...I have to go again," he said, again hesitantly.

"We are not fucking stopping for you to pee for the millionth time," she said. "Hold it for Christ's sake."

He thought he would go along with that idea for the moment at least.

"Okay," he obeyed.

The pressure built up even more, however, and the sight of Aubrey's plump, round bottom hugging those tight khaki shorts as she walked in front of him didn't help either. It only made the pressure worse.

"But Aubrey, I really have to - "

"Stop fucking whining," she said angrily.

Kevin had lost it. If he didn't pee now, he was going to piss his pants, and what a sight that would be if the girl he had such a huge crush on saw him wet his damn pants.

He kept walking alright, but zipped down his fly, pulled out his penis, and urinated while walking in full stride.

Shocked with hearing the noise of something spraying against the fallen, dried-up leaves, Aubrey turned around and was shocked to see what she saw.

The 18-year-old brunette wasn't shocked to see the guy peeing, but shocked to see the size of the penis that pee was coming from.

Kevin's fist wrapped around the end of his tube steak, there was still enough room for two more pairs of hands to hold its long, fat shaft.

It looked like a damn snake - one of which the two saw in their travels earlier - was hanging out of the boy's fly.

Aubrey tried to keep walking while staring back at his crotch, and that was a bad idea. She walked right into a tree, but at least now had a reason to stop her steps.

She couldn't speak, only stare.

"Aubrey - for God's sake turn around," the boy said, embarrassed as hell a girl was watching him take a leak.

"Oh jeez, I'm sorry," she said, sincerely apologizing to the boy - Aubrey would be pretty embarrassed herself if someone looked at her while she was peeing.

"I'll just, um, head down the path a bit," she said, turning her head and walking away.

Do I have heat stroke?, Aubrey thought to herself. Was that an hallucination? It must have been. She had never seen such a thing. No guy could have a penis that large. And it wasn't even hard!

Aubrey even pinched herself to make sure she was not dreaming, and the realization set in that she was not.

Kevin, the dorky, annoying tag-along, was hung like a horse!

She wanted to see it again - not just to make sure it was real, but just to see it. She had only seen one penis in her whole life - her boyfriend's, and his wasn't anything special.

Aubrey never knew Kevin real closely - he only came along on this trip because his parents were friends with her parents - the parents that had somehow strayed away from the two youths earlier in the day. And that was the result of Kevin's necessity to pee. This time when he had to pee, however, oh did good things happen for Aubrey. She had the vision of that huge penis etched in her memory.

She knew exactly how to see a re-run.

"Kevin," she screamed out, seeing that her travel partner was heading up the trail with his trouser snake back in its cage. "Better drink plenty of water."

"But I'll have to - "

"Don't worry about having to pee, sweetheart," she said. Did I just call him sweetheart?, she thought to herself. Better not make my attraction to him not too obvious, she realized.

"Yeah, drink plenty of water - we don't want to get heat stroke," she said. "And I mean gulp it down, I mean really gulp that stuff down, by the bottle."

Kevin went into his dorky backpack, a backpack that now served Aubrey quite well, and fetched his industrial-sized cantine. He started gulping down, just like Aubrey instructed, tons and tons of water.

He would have to pee in no time.

The two continued walking down the trail, but this time side by side.

Aubrey looked down at Kevin's wardrobe and now realized why the boy was wearing pants despite the 90-degree heat.

With a penis that large, how could he wear shorts?

"I - "

"Gotta pee?" Aubrey answered, jumping to conclusions a bit too fast.

"Um, no. I was just going to say that I bet our parents went to the ranger's station, which is only about a mile down that way," he said, pointing the other way up the path.

He was probably right, Aubrey realized, but she didn't want them to find their parents any time soon. She wanted to see that penis of his once, or maybe twice, again.

"Yeah...but you know what?" she asked.

"What?" he replied, already starting to show discomfort, as if he had to wizz again.

"We better keep walking down this way just a bit longer - you never know, they might have gone back to where we lost them in the first place," she said.

"Yes group leader," he replied.

Aubrey didn't care what he called her now - she just wanted to see him pee again.

And she was about to get her wish.

"Well, before we start up, I'm gonna go," he said.

"Sure," she replied. "I'll wait here."

Kevin went about 20 yards off the trail, behind a big tree that was well out of sight of Aubrey.

But never underestimate the power of a woman, even a youngster such as Aubrey.

The brunette very quietly - not counting a few broken twigs she stepped on here and there - snuck out to behind where Kevin was, as they say, marking his territory.

She saw his body, but a bush covered up where his penis was. She was so close, she even heard the splash of his pee against the ground.

Better hurry up, she thought to herself, before he finishes.

She snuck a few steps further, crouching behind a tree of her own, and managed to raise her head just high enough to see Kevin's midsection.

Funny thing was, however, she still couldn't even see the head of his penis.

Just saw the shaft.

Jesus, she wondered, does he actually have a third leg?

Stepping on her tippy-toes, young Aubrey now finally saw the boy's entire package, from the pubes that stuck out from his fly to the big fat head that looked like one of the apples they had picked earlier in the day.

She looked, and looked, and looked. His huge, thick penis looked so out of proportion compared to his skinny legs.

Kevin went on peeing for about 45 seconds, and when he was done finally tucked his penis back in his pants. He had to grab the head with one hand and actually reach into his fly and tuck it to the left side of his trousers.

He started to head back to the trail, and Aubrey followed.

"Where were you?" he asked.

"Girls have to pee too, you know," she replied, lying that she went off the trail for such a reason. "Had to go really bad."

"Me too. I find that I have to pee the most when - "

"Before Kevin could continue on with one of his dorky stories, Aubrey interrupted him as they began walking down the trail.

"Kevin, I was wondering," she said. "Why aren't you wearing shorts? I mean, it's fucking hot out here."

"Protects my legs from poison ivy," he said calmly.

"Yeah, but I'm wearing really high shorts and I don't have any poison ivy," she said, rubbing her thigh ludely to get the attention of young Kevin.

"You're probably lucky, I guess," he said. "My mom told me that I should always wear - "

He was cut off again.

"Even if you got poison ivy, you can just take calamine lotion," she said. "It's not like poison ivy is deadly or something. It's not like a snake bite."

Aubrey had snakes on the mind for some reason.

"Oh, I know, it's just - "

"Kevin, what did I tell you about drinking - keep drinking your fluids," she demanded as they walked toward a long part of the trail that was dangerously surrounded by a cliff on one side and a steep rock face on the other.

There was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.

Ever the good listener, Kevin gulped down more and more water as the two headed onto the tricky part of the mountain trail.

Five minutes into it, Aubrey got her wish.

"Gotta pee again," Kevin said.

Aubrey had built up enough nerve inside her by now, nerve that came from the knowlege of her dominance over the boy, that she made a gutsy request.

"Just go here," she said. "It's quicker."

Aubrey was facing Kevin directly.

"I could jog back to the woods - it would only take me a minute - "

"Kevin, we have to hurry. Do you want to find our parents or not?"

"Well, yeah of course," he said.

"Well, go," she demanded.

"Alright. Well, can you at least turn around," he said.

"God, you are such a baby," she said, trying to get him to doubt his manhood. "Wah, wah, could you at least turn around," she said, imitating him with a mock cry.

"Alright, fine. Don't turn around," he replied.

Aubrey wasn't going to anyway, whether he liked it or not. He reached into his pants and grabbed his huge penis.

Upon pulling it out, Aubrey couldn't help but gasp, and say "Jesus Christ" in fascination.

Pee flowed for about 20 seconds - the sight so erotic as there was the fully-clothed Aubrey facing young Kevin, his large penis on full display for her.

She stared right at. The follow-up jiggle, as they call it, caused Kevin to shake his huge penis, only making it seem even larger, even though it remained totally flaccid.

It had finally been time for Aubrey to voice her opinion of Kevin's anatomy.

"You've got a really big dick," she said.

"Wh-what?" said Kevin, the momma's boy whose face was now beat red with embarrassment.

"Your dick - it's fucking huge," Aubrey said, still staring at his crotch.

"Could you please turn around?" he asked.

Aubrey was having none of that.

"Shake it again," she said with an amused grin.

Kevin grabbed his penis and jiggled it once more, the huge shaft flopping around like a large eel caught on a fish hook.

"You've got the biggest schlong I have ever seen," she said, further complimenting him but embarrassing him at the same time.

He finally reeled in his eel and tucked it in his pants.

Eventually giving into Kevin's request, the two headed back toward the ranger's station. Aubrey realized she only had about an hour or so before they would reach their destination, and her chances to see Kevin's massive penis again would be over.

"Kevin, Kevbo, the Kevmeister," she said, trying to soften up her young, and shy, companion. "Can I ask you a personal question, and you have to swear that you will answer it."

"I have to swear?" he said.

"Yep," she said. "Have to swear on your mother's name."

"Stop with my mother - "

"Would you quit crying you momma's boy," she said, playfully hitting his arm. "Just swear you will answer my question."

"Okay, okay, I swear," he replied.

"Have you ever measured your dick?" she asked, looking right into his eyes as the two stopped.

"What kind of a question is that? I didn't ever ask you what your bra size is," he said.

"Answer the fucking question," she demanded.

"No," he said.

"Does that mean, no I'm not answering your question or no I've never measured my dick?" she asked.

Kevin tried to take the easy way out.

"No, I have never measured my penis," he said.

"Fucking liar," she said.

Kevin nervously kicked at the dirt at his feet, creating a cloud of dust.

"Why would I measure my dick?" he asked.

"Because it's fucking huge," she said right back to him.

"Can we not talk about this?" he asked.

"Fine, I'll just tell all my girlfriends at school you have a real tiny weeny," she said, walking away.

"No, no, don't do that Aubrey, please," he said. "I'll do anything."

"Anything?" she asked.

"Anything," he said.

"Alright," she said, taking a deep sigh to make her satisfaction heard. "Measure your dick for me."

"Will do. As soon as I get home - "

"No, not when you get home. Now," she demanded.

"Now?" he asked.

"Yes, fucking now," she said, growing impatient.

"Alright, turn away for a second," he said.

"Enough with the turning away shit," she screamed, almost creating an echoe off the nearby rock face. "Whip out your schlong."

"No," he argued.

"Take your dick out," she said, walking in close to him.

"No," he said, still thinking that showing a female his penis was a naughty thing to do.

Aubrey had had enough of this arguing, and she went up to Kevin and used a simple karate move in order to get him to the ground.

She then jumped on top of him, and his head was soon squeezed in between the the gorgeous pair of thighs he had been gazing at all afternoon.

But those thighs - strengthened so well from years of swimming - threatened to strangle Kevin if he didn't do what the girl said.

"I am going to make this real simple Kevbo," she said. "You are going to take your dick out, you are going to let me measure it, and from this day on you will always do as I say."

Kevin not only gave into the girl's orders, but enjoyed doing so.

"Yes mam," he said.

"Now get up," she ordered.

Kevin did so, and without hesitation pulled his huge penis out through the fly of his jeans and let it hang down while he fetched a ruler - a ruler that had absolutely no purpose earlier - from his back pack.

"Your big dick is flopping around again," she said, letting out a girlish giggle.

Kevin brought out the ruler, which was yanked from his hands by the young Aubrey.

She took his dick in her hands and placed the ruler up to it.

Wanting to make sure her measurement was accurate, she yanked on his penis to pull it down as far as it would go.

"Ouch, that hurts," he said.

"Shut up. I want to see just how far it hangs down," she said.

Aubrey kept fidgeting with his penis until it dangled nearly halfway to his knees.

"Spread your legs," she ordered.

Kevin did so, making the size of his penis emphasized even further.

Aubrey then went into the boy's backpack, and took out a camera.

"Hold that pose," she said.

"But Aubrey, this is kind of embarrassing. What if someone - "

Before he could finish talking, camera flashes started going off, as the young girl wanted to fill her role of film with shots much more interesting than trees and mountains.



All of the shots were aimed at his crotch - Aubrey barely even realized if she got his face in any of the pictures.

"Hold your cock for a second - to show how big it is," she demanded, almost like a professional photographer ordering a nude male model.

Kevin did so, and Aubrey stopped snapping shots only when the film ran out. She then finally snatched the ruler again and went back to taking his measurement.

"God if my boyfriend knew I was measuring some guy's dick," she said to herself out loud.

She still found it hard to believe a penis could be so large in its soft state, and the ruler did in fact prove just how large it was.

"Looks like eight and a quarter inches when it's soft," Aubrey said.

"There, are you happy now?" Kevin asked.

"Yes I'm happy. Here, take the stupid ruler and put it back in your backpack," she said, annoyed Kevin was so shy about his privates.

As the two began walking again, it dawned on Aubrey - her alertness dulled earlier by the heat and the sight of Kevin's trouser trout - that she had no idea how big Kevin was in full erection.

That was the whole idea, right? To find out how big he was when he had a boner?

She stopped and turned to the boy.

"Take your dick out again," she said.

"Why?" he asked.

"Because I want to see how big it gets," she said.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"How big it gets when you pop a boner," she replied.

Kevin didn't even bother to argue with the girl now, and when he went to pull his penis out through his fly again, she stopped him for further instructions.

"No no," she said. "Pull your pants down."

Kevin pulled his pants down to his ankles, and his extra baggy, extra long boxer shorts followed.

Aubrey gasped at what she saw - not his penis, she had already seen that. But the pair of balls that hung down almost as far as his schlong did.

"Hold your schlong up for a second - I want to look at your balls," she demanded.

"But Aubrey, I - "

"Do it," she said.

Kevin held up his horse-like penis so Aubrey could get a good long look at his balls, balls that had the size of something a golfer would be teeing off with.

Not shy at all, Aubrey took them in her hand, cupping them, and rolling them around inside their sack.

"Jesus, you have some huge balls," she said. "Reminds me of that song."

"What song?" Kevin asked.

"You know - do your balls hang down, do they really touch the ground, do they wabble while you walk, do they jiggle while you talk," the girl responded in a sing-songy fashion.

Aubrey's dirty language had caused his penis to start to grow into the erection she wanted to see. It not only elongated and inched further out and up, but also grew as thick as one of the tree trunks the two had seen throughout the day.

Too bad Kevin didn't bring a tape measure along instead of a wooden ruler, or else young Aubrey would have measured the thickness of his cock.

Kevin's penis was out of control now, as Aubrey demanded he strip totally nude for her and take a seat on a fallen tree that lay nearby.

She came up to him, her sexy thighs in direct line with his eyes, and marveled at his cock. She then sat next to him, and began a conversation about his dick.

While, of course, she remained fully clothed.

"Jesus Christ, when did it start getting so big?" she asked.

"A few years ago," he said, his embarrassment still present. "I don't know what to do, Aubrey, the thing won't stop growing."

"What do you mean?" she asked, crossing her legs and nudging them against Kevin's, in order to make his throbbing erection grow even longer.

"It's up to 12 and a half inches now. How will I ever fit this thing in my pants if it gets any bigger? Look at it for crying out loud," he said.

Aubrey was already looking at it, but now stared even more intently.

"Thought you never measured it," she said.

"Oh I'm sorry I lied to you Aubrey, really I am," he said. "It's just I'm so embarrassed about it."

"It's not your fault," she said sympathetically. "It's not your fault you were born with a horse dick. I think it's kind of funny."

"Funny?" he asked rhetorically. "You think it's funny when your dick is so big you sometimes sit on it accidentally? Or you think it's funny when your dick is so big can't even wear shorts in the summer time?"

"I'm sorry," Aubrey said, unable to control her laughter. "But I've never seen anything like it before."

Kevin's erection now fell over to the right side, like a fallen redwood.

"Tim-burrr," Aubrey said jokingly.

"Here, let me see something," she said, grabbing his cock and bending it down as far as it would go.

"What are you - "

Before he could finish, Aubrey let go, and let his dick fly up to smack against his belly.

"Wow, you can clap with your dick," she said.

"There's no way I'm gonna be able to fit this back inside my jeans," he said.

Aubrey just laughed at his problem, and kept playing with his huge penis, making it bob up and down and sway back and forth from the right to the left.

"I...I could, you know, jerk off, to make it go down," he said.

That is exactly what Aubrey wanted to see, and she stood up in front of him to get a better view.

Only Kevin wanted just a little help from her.

"Aubrey, could you do something for me?" he asked.

"Anything," she replied. "Except of course get naked."

"No, it's not that. Could you, just maybe..."

"What is it?" she asked.

"Take off your shorts and stand there in your panties for me?"

Aubrey hesitated for a moment, but decided to give young Kevin the thrill of his young life. Besides, he had given her so much in the past few hours.

"Okay," she said.

First her sneakers came off, and then her socks. Her feet, although curled up so she would not have to stand flat-footed on the rough ground, still looked sexy.

She then took off the tight khaki shorts she had teased Kevin with so well to reveal a pair of white cotton panties that let the boy see just how nice her ass really was - she turned around in order for him to get a visual he could masturbate to for many years to come.

Meanwhile, the front of her panties did a great job of covering up the thick forest of pubic hair Kevin would have died to see, but seeing panties was good enough for him right now.

And it showed.

Using a double-fisted technique Aubrey never thought was possible for a guy to do, Kevin used both hands to expertly work his cock into a frenzy, and stroke after stroke was met with cheer after cheer from his audience of one.

"Look out," he warned her. "It's gonna be a gusher."

A thick rope of come spurted out like a geyser, much like the one they had seen just a day before in their travels.

"Jesus," Aubrey said in amazement, followed by "what a load, and my oh my."

Not only was the sight of Kevin's orgasm something special, but also the sound.

"Ummmmmm," he moaned. "Oh God, Aubrey, you are so hot. You are so hot. Oh God look at all the come I'm shooting for you. Look at how big my penis is because of you - look at it for Pete's sake."

Aubrey did indeed look, and was amazed how much goo the boy shot out.

Kevin came almost as long as he peed, stream after stream of hot white come spurting out onto the leaves beneath him.

When finished, Aubrey put her shorts back on but demanded Kevin stay naked until she could see his penis in its soft state once again - she loved to make it flop around.

After chatting some more about his huge penis - Kevin agreed to show it to a select group of Aubrey's hot friends at an upcoming party, they headed to safety.

Sure enough, the parents of the two were waiting at the ranger's station. Worried about them but even more glad to see them, Aubrey's mother raced over to her daughter and spoke of a huge bear she had seen in her travels.

"Mom, I saw a snake," Aubrey replied. "You wouldn't believe the size of the thing."

THE END



She Saw a Huge Snake: Nature Walk
byDiana Retnuhvek©

Things were funny between Aubrey and Kevin over the next few months, ever since Aubrey discovered Kevin's big secret.

Anytime she saw him she gave him this amused smirk, like 'I know something about you no one else does.' He would feel awkward about it, but also enjoyed it a great deal.

Aubrey never hung out with Kevin that much, but did in fact see him when their families got together. It was early in the summer when the two were summoned for a family barbecue over at the Richards' house.

Kevin spotted Aubrey right away, and began forced, awkward conversation. He liked her a great deal, but would always tighten up around her.

"D-did you see X-Men 2?" he asked her shyly. She shrugged no. "It was good, probably better than the first one."

She smiled and looked into the trees, as if she was saying 'oh God get me out of here.'

Aubrey obliged him by speaking with him briefly, trying to act interested, but very quickly there was an announcement in the yard. There was going to be a nature walk the following weekend, and everyone was invited.

"Oh fuck me," she whispered, but loud enough for Kevin to hear her. He laughed at her open expression of vulgarity, and her disgust for family outings.

"Yes, we are going to have a nature walk," the uncle went on, "and everyone is going to be paired up with somebody. The first pair to reach the final destination shall receive a prize."

"Oh boy," Aubrey replied sarcastically. Kevin was actually excited - he thought it might be another weekend to hang out with his sexy friend.

Aubrey walked over to one of the lawn chairs and plopped herself down, crossing her legs. 'Oh God, her thighs,' Kevin thought to himself. They were already so tan, 'she must have layed out every day since school ended,' he figured.

"Well I guess the only good thing about a nature walk is that I kind of need the exercise," she said, rubbing her hand through her long brown hair. "Anything I eat goes right to my thighs," she said, slapping them for emphasis.

Kevin couldn't control himself.

"I-I like your thighs," he said.

She gave that wicked smile, and replied "I bet you do you pervert," laughing aloud.

"No, no," he went on, "some girls are too skinny, but yours are so big and well rounded. They're gorgeous," he summoned up the courage to say.

She giggled, and told him, "well if you like my thighs so much get me a soda perv boy," and he did as told.

Kevin returned just seconds later with a cola, and she scoffed, "no, no, get me a diet." He apologized.

He came back with a diet, and Aubrey sighed. "You know what," she said. "I changed my mind, get me some iced tea."

"Yes, Aubrey," he playfully answered.

-----------------------------------------------------

Aubrey was enjoying her iced tea in the shade, still chatting with Kevin, when Kevin's uncle came up and told them - "you two are paired up for next weekend."

Aubrey offered a fake smile, and Kevin held back his. "Okay, thanks," Aubrey told the uncle.

"Ugh," she said.

"You can probably get somebody else," Kevin said to her.

"No, no, I just don't want to go at all, but we'll manage," she said. And Kevin started dreaming of next weekend, but he had no idea what he was in store for.

----------------------------------------------------

Saturday came fast, and before they knew it, Kevin and Aubrey were an hour into the nature walk, and it was getting hot. And conversation was running thin.

Aubrey knew how to fix that.

"Hmm, the last time we were on a nature walk together...I think I made some sort of discovery, what could that have been? I can't remember," she said teasingly.

Kevin knew exactly what she meant, but felt a little nervous.

"Oh, I think I uh, found out...," she went on, waiting for him to finish her answer. He did not.

"I think I uh, found out that uh, you have a 12-inch penis," she said with a big smile. All those feelings of shyness mixed with arousal came rushing back to young Kevin.

"Oh yeah," he said. "What did you do with all those photos you took anyway?" he asked.

She laughed. "Oh they're in a very special place, don't you worry," she told him.

They kept walking. Kevin snuck glances at Aubrey's amazing legs, which were exposed all the way up to her thighs, thanks to the tight khaki shorts she was wearing.

"But God, you know, pictures just sometimes don't do enough," she said. Kevin started to get nervous.

Aubrey grabbed him, and faced him directly. She looked around, and then said "lemme see it."

"What?" Kevin asked.

"Come on, I have to see this thing again, whip it out," she demanded. Kevin looked around, somehow feeling there were people watching. Aubrey let out a disgusted sigh. "I'm waiting," she said.

"Okay, okay," he answered. He undid his belt, pulled his shorts down to just above his knees, then yanked his boxer briefs down, and his penis fell out.

"Ha!" Aubrey said, offering her approval. "Incredible."

She gazed at it for a few moments, then started walking again. "Alright, you can put it away," she said. Kevin now began to get an erection, just as he had to put it back in his shorts. He ran to catch up to Aubrey.

"What is it like having a dork that big? Like what do the other guys say to you in the locker room and stuff?" she asked.

"I don't have to worry about that anymore - we're done high school, remember?" he went on.

"Yeah but...I mean, if I were a guy and I had something like that, I would show it off - I would be like 'you little boys have nothing on me,'" she said, prancing around.

"Yean, and get the shit beat out of me?" he asked. She shook her head - "you're so negative," she told him.

Just then they came to a clearing. "W-w-wait," Aubrey told her male friend. "This...isn't supposed to be here. Oh we are so fuckin' lost," she said with a laugh.

----------------------------------------------

Kevin and Aubrey had wandered around for a couple hours until finally resting in disgust.

"Ugh, I'm bored," Aubrey said as she sat on a huge, fallen tree. Kevin drank from his canteen.

A few birds chirped in the distance. The wind blew through the trees, providing a nice breeze. But other than that, it was silent, until Aubrey broke that silence with her wicked laugh.

And this was substantial laughter, like she had just devised an evil plan of some sort.

"What is it?" Kevin asked.

She laughed for a few more moments before finally answering.

"Oh boy oh boy oh boy," she said. "You know what, I thought of something fun."

He waited for her to go on.

"I think you should do the nature walk naked," she said.

"Yeah," Kevin replied, with a sarcastic laugh.

"I'm serious," Aubrey said, "it would be soooo much more fun, why don't you do it naked."

"Why don't you do it naked?" he fired back.

"No seriously," Aubrey replied, not giving much thought to what he just said. "You should do it naked. Come on, buster, gimme your clothes."

She gave him this serious look. He didn't budge.

"No!" he said.

"Kevin, do you want me to get physical with you?" Aubrey asked. She meant business. Her huge tits, which filled out a tight white tank top she wore for the excursion, now pressed against Kevin's chest.

"I'm not taking off my clothes," he persisted. And Aubrey had had enough. She wrestled him down, without much resistance from the male since he knew where this was going, and she tucked his head in between her big, tan thighs, and began choking him with them.

"Stop, I can't breathe," Kevin said. She would stop just long enough for him to enjoy where he was - nestled right in between those spectacular thighs. He could feel their softness on his neck.

"Take off your fuckin' clothes!" she demanded, startling some nearby birds.

He finally gave in, but as he took off his shirt and began to take off his shorts, he still objected.

"Aubrey I'll get in trouble! What if somebody sees me?" he said.

"Oh," she said, waving her hand, "there's nobody around. I'll let you get changed before we get to the finish, I promise."

He had gotten all the way down to his boxer briefs, and stopped.

"How 'bout I'll go in my underwear?" he asked.

Aubrey wasn't having any of that.

"No, no. Completely naked," she said. "I'll let you wear your boots, but that's it."

He relinquished his underwear, and once again his enormous penis flopped into view, much to Aubrey's delight.

She folded up all his clothes into a tight ball and put them in her backpack.

"There, now see, that's the way to become one with nature," she said. "Swing it for me, big boy," she said, and Kevin twisted his hips to make his penis dance from side to side.

"I'm gonna get in soooo much trouble," he said. "Oh stop being such a baby," she replied.

Kevin stood there, completely naked, but still wearing his boots.

"You look soooo ridiculous," Aubrey openly laughed. "Here, lemme get some pictures," she said.

"Aubrey!" Kevin yelled.

"Oh shush you," she answered. She snapped away with her camera, making sure to get her male friend from all different angles, with his penis prominently exposed.

"Okay, well, we better get going," she said with a mock seriousness.

As they started walking, Aubrey looked down and started cracking up.

"What?" Kevin asked.

"Your dick's just like woosh, wooosh," she said, swinging her arm between her legs to imitate his member. "Don't laugh!" he said, feeling so awkward walking through the forest naked. Aubrey, meanwhile, was as comfortable as could be.

"Oh come on," she urged him, "it's a beautiful day, let it swing free."

The two kept walking up the same trail for a good hour, but much to Kevin's chagrin, they would find that there would be an unusual amount of people on the trail that day.

"Uh-oh!" Aubrey said with deligh. "Here's some people!"

Kevin immediately went into the bushes, but Aubrey demanded he come right back.

"Don't you dare hide," she demanded.

He reluctantly came back onto the trail, unable to break from her command. He cupped his large penis and balls, but again Aubrey corrected him.

"Don't you dare cover up," she said. As the people approached, Kevin felt like he was going to throw up. He was so nervous, and didn't know what to do. His only solution was to just let it happen.

It was a couple in their 20's, and the young man was the first to spot the naked Kevin.

"Wo," he said, in a stunned surprise.

"Holy shit!" the woman said in sort of a frightened way. But she quickly was more amused than anything.

"How ya' doin'?" Aubrey jokingly said in a calm way to them. They both said hi, and kept walking, and the woman, although moving forward, had her eyes stuck on Kevin's penis. Her body faced one way, but her head was craned all the way to the right, her eyes big and looking at it in disbelief. She finally had to turn her head forward so she could see where she was going.

Once they were gone, Aubrey exploded.

"Ha!" she yelped. "That was so much fun! That woman was sooooo staring at your dick."

"Okay, okay, it was fun, can I have my clothes back now?" Kevin begged.

"Oh no, buddy boy, we're just getting started," she replied. And the two headed further down the trail.

The young pair came across four or five different groups of people - sometimes it was just one person, sometimes it was a group of three. Some were amused by Kevin's nudity, some were offended.

One woman, by her lonesome, walked by and gave the two a harsh look. Almost like she was off to call the police on them.

"Did you see the look on her face?" Aubrey said. "Fuck you, lady."

The two kept on walking, with the fully-clothed Aubrey walking step-for-step beside the naked Kevin, his large penis swinging to and fro with every stride.

"I don't know why so many people are offended by your nudity," she said. At this point she was so nonchalant about him being naked, but Kevin never really calmed down. He knew it was something he could fantasize about later, but for now he was scared who the next person would be coming up that trail.

Aubrey tried to get her bearings.

"Okay, let's see here, um, well, it looks like...," she said, looking around for direction. Without realizing it, Kevin began to get an enormous erection. This always happened when he was around Aubrey, especially the way she was dressed, but this time it was different because he had nothing to hide it. His penis stuck out in front of him like a diving board.

"I guess we could go -," Aubrey said, stopping in mid-sentence when she saw his unrelenting boner.

She smiled with delight, and then offered "can you use that thing as a compass? Can it lead us?" she joked.

Kevin enjoyed her stares at his erection. He let it bounce in front of him as he walked.

"Come on, lead us with your dick," she joked as she marveled at its length. They kept walking, almost aimlessly, until they heard somebody coming.

Aubrey had been amazed at how long Kevin's cock had remained hard, but once he heard somebody coming, his arousal turned to fear.

Luckily, this woman was a lot more open-minded than the last person they encountered.

"Aubrey, please, lemme have my clothes," he begged with his outstretched hand, his dong frolicking back and forth between his legs.

"Kevin, I swear...I will throw your clothes in the fucking river," she scolded him.

Aubrey saw the woman coming up the trail, and calmly said "oh, we could ask her for directions."

The closer the woman got, the more nervous Kevin got. Being naked in front of Aubrey was something he now enjoyed greatly, but complete strangers? The shy 18-year-old was not used to that.

"Aubrey!" he said.

"Shush," she fired back. "We need directions."

"Excuse me! Excuse me!" Aubrey persisted as she approached the woman. Upon noticing the naked Kevin in the background, the woman was startled at first, but then she let loose some thunderous laughter.

"Oh, oh my," she said in between breaths. "Oh my God."

It was a woman in her early 40's, and she found it so amusing that there was a naked man on the trail.

Aubrey was quick to explain.

"He's a nudist," she said of Kevin, teasing him. "He's just too sexy for his clothes."

The woman found it hard to catch her breath. The blonde beauty did her best to control her enthusiasm.

"Can you tell us where Lincoln Point is?" Aubrey asked her.

"Um, oh yeah, um (laugh), I'm sorry I'm just, kind of in shock right now," the woman said.

She again went back to staring at Kevin, who moved in closer to her. And the woman further noticed his size.

"My oh my," the woman said. And then came an awkward silence. Aubrey didn't let it last.

"Yeah. He has a big dick," she said openly.

The woman again burst out laughing, and asked "are you always naked young man?"

Kevin blushed.

"No, not always," he said shyly, although he started to feel more comfortable around her.

"It's tough for him to find pants that fit," Aubrey said jokingly.

The woman, whose name they would find out was Kelsey, looked around the area, and then asked "am I on candid camera or something?"

Kevin just stood there as Kelsey explained to Aubrey how to get to Lincoln Point, the final destination of the nature walk. The duo actually wasn't far away.

When they finished chatting, Aubrey and Kevin were about to continue their semi-naked journey, but Kelsey was reluctant to let them leave.

"Could you take my picture with him? Nobody would believe this," the woman said.

Aubrey was quick to oblige, and Kevin hugged up against the woman, putting his arm around her waist. Kelsey had her hand on Kevin's backside, which caused his penis to stiffen a bit.

They got ready for the pose, and Aubrey suggested that Kelsey "point to his cock." It made for a great photo, and Kelsey's smile was from ear to ear.

She decided to join the two for their walk to Lincoln Point, and now there were two clothed women for Kevin to be naked in front of. They began casual conversation.

"So, are you boyfriend and girlfriend?" Kelsey asked with a smile.

"No, just friends," Aubrey said. "I always demand he be naked in my presence."

"Well God bless you," Kelsey said with jubilation.

As the three came across some rougher terrain, Kelsey began to notice Kevin's penis bounce and swing about. She started to not care how obvious her stares were.

"God you really don't have much control over that thing, do you? Boing, boing - it just flops around all over the place," she said in a very serious tone.

Kevin found it so awkward but yet so deliciously erotic being naked in front of a woman that was twice his age, old enough to be his mom.

"I've just never seen one that big before," she said. Kelsey kept watching Kevin as he began to hike up the hill.

"So I think I'm gonna go into nursing," Aubrey interjected. "Oh, that would be great," Kelsey replied, having to force herself to look away from the boy's enormous appendage.

"Me and my boyfriend are gonna be pretty close next year - he's going to school just an hour away from me," Aubrey went on. "Ah to be young," Kelsey replied, still looking at Kevin's swaying tool.

The three reached the top of the small hill and decided to take a break. They could see Lincoln Point was only a few hundred yards away. They might even end up getting there first.

Aubrey and Kelsey got deep into a conversation, and Kevin found his mind wandering. He began daydreaming of the two of them getting topless, letting their huge boobs sway freely in front of him, and then he imagined going up to Aubrey and putting one of her large breasts in his waiting mouth, sucking on each one and hearing her moan with contentment.

And then his dream was suddenly interrupted.

Kevin looked up to see the two women staring at his now fully-erect member, and each of the females giggled with delight.

"Holy moses look at that thing," Kelsey admired. She drew in closer to him.

As he squatted on the ground, Kevin's penis stuck out and rested on his leg, the head of it lying on his lower thigh.

"Stand up, show her how far it sticks out," Aubrey instructed with glee. Kevin stood before the woman and presented his massive erection for her approval.

"Oh my Gawd, that is a huge...have you ever measured it?" she asked.

Before Kevin could answer, Aubrey jumped in - "it's 12 inches. A full foot," she said with a big smile.

Kelsey's jaw dropped in shock. "Twelve inches? Holy God."

Kelsey inspected his penis further, putting her arm up to it and noticing it was just as long - and as thick - as her forearm. She wagged it up and down, and from side to side. She said it felt like a baseball bat.

"My goodness sweetie...it's like a horse dick," she said. The woman had kept herself from using any naughty words when referring to Kevin's anatomy, since the boy was half her age and young enough to be her son. But she couldn't control herself anymore.

And Aubrey loved this. "That's what I thought the first time I saw it," the young one said. Kelsey now knelt at Kevin's feet, eying his penis from underneath. "God I think it could provide shade for me," she joked. Kelsey now let his penis rest on her face, its length reaching all the way from her chin to her forehead.

"Can I taste it?" she suddenly asked. Kevin looked at Aubrey, and then said "uh, yeah, sure." The woman gave in to her deepest urges and licked his massive dick head. "Mmm, tastes good," she said, and took the top few inches of his shaft into her mouth. "Oh my God," Kevin whispered, not able to fully comprehend what was happening.

She now began rocking her head up and down on his cock, which stretched her mouth to its limit. She released it for a second, creating a loud pop as it was freed from her tight, wet lips.

"God I can barely get half of it in my mouth!" Kelsey quipped. "You are a big challenge buddy boy."

She went right back to sucking his cock, and this time more feverishly. She was really going for it, sucking loudly and even licking the entire shaft.

Kevin was moaning with delight - it was the most erotic experience of his life. Let alone that it was happening in a forest, with Aubrey there watching.

She smiled contently, getting excited herself. She was tempted to put her hand down into her panties, imagining it was her sucking that massive cock.

Aubrey even dreamed of getting naked in front of Kevin, thinking of the look of shock and amazement when he would see her massive breasts, and huge, untamed bush. Aubrey loved her bush. She felt it was sexy. She loved running her fingers through the long, dark hairs. Kevin would probably drool if he saw it.

But at the same time she loved not letting him see her naked. She loved the power trip it gave her. He got naked for her just in hopes of one day seeing her nude. Maybe he would, maybe he wouldn't. It didn't really matter to Aubrey. She just knew she was in charge.

She went back to watching Kelsey give a fierce blowjob, and Kelsey now challenged herself by not using her hands at all. Instead, she bobbed up and down furiously on his giant prick. It looked like she might choke.

Kevin reached for the straps on her white tank top, to release her large boobs, but Kelsey delicately removed his hands. Aubrey made herself useful by holding Kevin's hands behind his back, so he would not be tempted to touch Kelsey again.

Kelsey, in turn, touched Kevin all over. She rubbed his muscular thighs, caressed his ass, and God bless her, she still jerked her head up and down on his cock. She now moaned as loud as he was moaning, and she was intent on getting him off.

"Oh God I think I'm gonna come," Kevin said. Kelsey released his prick and went to jerking it up and down with her hands. "Come on, squirt for me big boy," she said. "Give mommy a present."

Kevin then had the biggest climax of his young life, as the first release of come spurted all over Kelsey's forehead in a thick white cream. The second spurt of come went all over her right cheek, and then another right above her breasts. It ran down underneath her tank top, in between her huge breasts.

"Wo! That was a fucking load!" the woman said. "That...was a lotta come," Aubrey said.

The three now relaxed for a while - it was quite a show that Kelsey and Kevin put on. Aubrey even gave Kevin back his clothes, and told him to get dressed.

"Put your big dork away," she said with a hearty laugh.

"Does she ever get naked for you Kevbo?" Kelsey asked him. "No mam," he said.

"He knows the deal," Aubrey said with a wicked grin.

Kelsey shook her head with approval. "Well that's not very fair is it?" she said. "But you know, we live in a society where it's usually the woman that is naked, and the male is dressed. God forbid they show the almighty penis in a movie or on T.V."

"Well it's just the opposite with us," Aubrey fired back with a chuckle. "Good for you young one," Kelsey said.

The three were just about to Lincoln Point when small talk brought Kelsey to an astounding conclusion.

"Holy shit. I know your mom," she said to Kevin. He was blown away, and now a little nervous.

"Don't worry," she told him. "I won't tell her I sucked your cock." He smiled. She had said it in a purposely dirty way.

Aubrey and Kevin parted ways with the lovely Kelsey and finally reached their destination. They didn't win the prize, but it was definitely a good afternoon for all.

"You scored some major points with me today mister," Aubrey said to Kevin. "You HAVE to come visit me at school next year so we can have some more fun."

TO BE CONTINUED

