Summer of '77 Ch. 01
bynatalieprendergast©

Chapter 1

Young Adam was a very shy boy.

A little awkward, a little on the geeky side, Adam was very much into science and building models. He spent much time in his room.

By the time he was 18, Adam had won a scholarship to attend Indiana University. It was the summer of 1977, and Adam had a few weeks left with his step mom, Natalie, and his step sister, Rachel.

Adam lost his father when he was very young, and spent his entire childhood growing up with two women in the household, and no males.

It was weird at times for him, but a very happy time. Adam thought of Natalie as more of a friend than a mom. He also couldn't help notice how attractive she was, and ever since he hit puberty, there arose some feelings of arousal whenever she was near.

And then there was the cute, young Rachel. Adam's step sister often teased him for being nerdy, but it was goodhearted humor. And young Adam also was very shy about his sexuality.

Any time the women talked about sex, it made him feel uncomfortable. It especially bothered him when the two women would make jokes about the male anatomy, that special part of the male anatomy.

When he was younger, and watching television with his step mom and step sis, if there was a penis joke or some kind of physical comedy involving the male member, young Adam would run out of the room, embarrassed.

He hadn't totally shaken off this kind of behavior yet by the time he was 18.

On a hot Kentucky afternoon one Saturday, Natalie and Adam were out doing yard work - Natalie was busy in the garden, and Adam was pulling weeds.

Adam loved when his step mom wore these tight white shorts she often wore when doing yard work. She had really big, tan thighs, and seemingly liked showing them off just to tease young Adam. She was squatting right next to him at one point, and he couldn't help staring at her thighs. He wished he had a camera to take a picture.

The two were braving the hot afternoon sun, and getting an awful lot of work done. But they needed another pair of hands.

"Where is Dick?" Natalie asked rhetorically. Dick, or Uncle Dick, as Adam called him, had been Adam's dad's best friend, and had remained good friends with Natalie over the years.

Even though he wasn't actually related to Adam, Dick had been a good friend of his and sort of a male role model, which he sorely needed.

Suddenly, the lovable uncle came through the backyard gate, much to Natalie's enjoyment.

"Dick!" she said enthusiastically.

"Well, I'll tell ya,' Dick, we sure could use your help," she said, wiping some sweat from her brow. Adam's eyes were still locked on her tan legs.

"Must be a hundred degrees out here, Dick," she said.

She always seemed to call the lovable uncle by name an inordinate amount of times, Adam noticed, like she enjoyed calling him by name, but maybe it was Adam's imagination.

As Uncle Dick started helping out the two, Adam noticed that he had unusually baggy shorts on.

"See, Nat, I want shorts like that," Adam said to his step mom.

"Like Dick's?" she asked with an amused grin on her face.

"Yeah," Adam answered. "See, they're nice and baggy."

The shorts Adam had on were sort of tight, and out of style. His uncle's seemed more comfortable.

"Honey, I think Dick goes to a special store to buy those shorts, dontcha Dick?" Natalie asked the man. Dick grinned back at her.

"Special store?" Adam asked.

"I'm just kidding with him," said Natalie, running her hand through her shoulder-length, brown locks. "Sweetie, we can try to find you ones like that," she said to the boy.

And the three continued to fight the heat.

------------------------------------------------

"Did you know I was almost a Rockette, Adam?" Natalie asked the boy one day as he was setting the table.

"Y-yes, mam," he stuttered, as he sometimes did. He paused, and then had to add something. "You have beautiful legs."

Natalie looked at her daughter, and they gave each other a smirk.

"Well thank you, young man," she told him. "You made my day."

As Natalie relaxed in her seat, wearing a nice, somewhat revealing sundress, one that showed off plenty of those legs, Adam began to ponder something out loud.

"Natalie, why does everyone call Mr. Roberts, Dick?" he asked.

Like she had long planned for this exact question, Natalie was undaunted.

"Oh, it's just a nickname, sweetie," she said. "It's short for Richard."

Adam had a bewildered look on his face.

"But his real name is Oscar," he said. Natalie quickly tried to divert attention away from that last statement.

"Rachel, honey, can you get the iced tea out of the fridge?" she asked her 18-year-old daughter.

"Nat?" Adam asked. She ignored him.

"Nat-uh-lie," he said, purposely dragging out her name for greater impact.

"Yes, Adam, what is it?" she asked, turning to him somewhat annoyed.

"If his name is Oscar, why do they call him Dick?" he asked. Suddenly, Rachel had a look of amusement on her face, like she knew something Adam didn't.

"Oh for crying out loud sweetie, I don't know, everyone calls my brother, Buster, and his name's Kevin!" she said in an irritated tone. "I have no idea why Oscar goes by Dick."

"I was just wondering is all," he answered.

"Well you should have more important things on your mind right now," she said. "That lawn isn't gonna cut itself. After supper, you should get that done."

And they had a somewhat quiet dinner.

-------------------------------------------------

A few days later, Adam tagged along with Rachel to her friend's, which he tended to do sometimes.

Nikki, who Adam usually spoke to the most out of the five girls that Rachel called her clique, began to tease the young boy.

"So I heard you kept asking your step mom why they call Mr. Roberts, Dick," she said. Adam was surprised that Nikki heard of this.

"Oh...yeah, why was that such big news?" he asked. There was an uncomfortable silence in the room, even more uncomfortable than just a few weeks earlier, when Adam was again the only boy in the room, and the girls had gotten a hold of one of Nikki's dirty movies, featuring full frontal male nudity. Adam almost went out of the room screaming that day, feeling overmatched by the aggressive, voyeuristic young women.

But he held his composure then, and did now as well.

"What, do you know why they call him that, Nikki?" Adam asked the girl. Her face flushed bright red.

"Um, yeah, sort of. Rachel told me," she said.

Adam's eyes immediately darted in Rachel's direction, and the young, busty brunette now had a tightened look of concern on her face.

"We're...not supposed to talk about that," she said.

"Why? What is the big deal?" Adam asked.

Rachel got up, her big butt almost right in Adam's face. She was wearing a wet bathing suit, and Adam could clearly make out those two, big luscious cheeks. She looked like a younger clone of Natalie.

"We aren't supposed to talk about that guys," she warned her friends. "My mom would kill me."

Adam let the matter go, for the moment.

-------------------------------------------------

The next afternoon, when Natalie and Adam finished their daily yard work, she said she had something to talk to him about.

When they were finished the yard work, the two of them joined Rachel for some lemonade in the kitchen. Adam sensed there was something going on.

Natalie came over and sat down at the table, next to Adam. Rachel sat on the other side of him.

"Sweetie, we have to talk," the step mom said, drawing in closer to Adam.

She cleared her throat slightly.

"Nikki told me you were bugging her too about Mr. Roberts' nickname?" she asked.

"Not bugging -"

"Sweetie," she interrupted him. "She told me you brought it up over Nikki's. This is really eating at you, huh?"

"Well," he began, thinking maybe she would finally spill the beans. "I just wanted to know. I feel like everybody knows but me."

Natalie looked over at her daughter. The step mom took a deep breath.

"Well," she said hesitantly. "I guess you are 18 now...which means I can trust you to be mature about certain things."

Adam nodded, and he was somewhat nervous now.

"As you know I have known Dick since high school," Natalie began. "He and I were best friends back then - we grew up together, Oscar started going by the name Dick back then as far as I know, and it was a nickname back then that stuck."

Adam was getting bored by all this. Natalie, meanwhile, was reluctant to get to the good stuff.

She gave Adam this look like he should get it by now, that he should have figured out why his "uncle" had that certain special nickname.

"Sweetie, haven't you gone to the Y with your uncle a few times?" Natalie asked.

"Uh yeah," Adam replied, not knowing how that was pertinent.

"And...haven't you...showered with him?" Natalie asked.

Now Adam was confused.

"Not with him, kind of separately I guess," he said.

Natalie shook her head, frustrated. She really didn't want to have to spell it out for him.

She looked at Rachel, with this look that suggested 'I just don't know how to get the message across.'

Natalie took another deep breath, and realized she was simply going to have to use the direct approach.

"Sweetie," she said, now talking in a light whisper. "Sweetie...the reason everyone calls him Dick is, well...because of his dick."

It felt like electric volts shot through Adam's system. He was in shock that his step mom had just used such a crude word, and she said it so casually and calm. Rachel burst out with a boisterous "ha!"

Natalie continued before Adam could recover.

"Sweetie, Dick has an enormous penis," she said calmly, not even whispering anymore, like she had broken the ice and now could talk about the matter more comfortably and freely. "He has a...monstrous ding-dong."

Now Rachel just burst out laughing.

"Oh you're just loving this aren't you?" the mom asked the daughter.

"What? I'm being good," Rachel answered.

Adam had finally caught his breath, just enough to speak.

"Wh-what, you've seen it?" he asked the step mom.

"Of course I've seen it sweetie. I think everyone that knows him has seen it," she explained without embarrassment. "It's his claim to fame."

Adam's legs were shaking. For some reason, it made him feel so weird that his step mom openly discussed some man's enormous member, yet her sexy discussion also began to arouse him. She also seemed more eager to talk about the issue now.

"Remember when you brought up why Dick wears baggy shorts?" she asked. Adam nodded. "Well...he needs a lot of room down there." She broke into a chuckle.

"I remember that one time we went to the beach and I couldn't help but notice the bulge he had in his bathing suit," Rachel said. "I was like 'what the hell is that?'"

"That's uh, that's his dick," Natalie said openly.

It seemed like Natalie was perfectly at ease using the vulgar slang for the male anatomy. Adam was in shock. Growing up, if he ever used the words "tits" or "pussy," Natalie would have washed his mouth out with soap and grounded him for a week.

"Isn't that kind of vulgar, calling him that because of..." Adam began.

Natalie shrugged it off.

"It's just a nickname sweetie," she said, and began getting the dishes out for supper.

Rachel went to get dressed into her leotard for aerobics. Adam went to his room to recover. He thought he was in shock now...

------------------------------------------------

"If you tell anybody about this I'll kill you," Rachel told Adam as the two snuck up to the living room window. It was another blistering afternoon, and Rachel had confided in her step brother that she would show him what she had witnessed just weeks earlier.

Sort of a private, but daily ritual that Natalie and Dick had going. They would meet for iced tea or lemonade every Tuesday afternoon, but with one major detail that made the get-together sort of unusual.

Dick never wore any clothes. Natalie, God bless her, was casual in a sun dress, but her male visitor? Naked as the day he was born. With his most distinguishing asset on display.

As Rachel and Adam walked up to the open window, they could clearly see Natalie and Dick, and Adam gasped when he saw the man's equipment. Dick was sitting down, and he had what looked like a thick, fat tube of some sort snaking down his leg, past his thigh. That thick, fat tube was his penis.

"Why the fuck is he naked?" Adam whispered to Rachel. She just gave a big smile in response.

And Natalie and the naked man engaged in totally normal conversation, like his nudity was commonplace.

"It's a scorcher out there," Dick said.

"Oh don't get me started," Natalie answered. "I think if somebody told me to go to Hell, I would just walk out on my porch!"

Dick laughed at her joke, as did she.

"It's over 100 I think," Dick commented.

"It's ninety degrees in the shade! In the shade, Dick!" she said. Adam squirmed a bit just hearing her call him by name.

"Well...more iced tea?" Dick asked.

"You read my mind, mister," she answered. Dick got up from the chair, and as he left the room, his enormous penis swung pendulously from side to side, as a trunk of its proportion would do during any type of movement.

Rachel began cracking up, but Adam urged her to be quiet. "It's so frickin' huge," she whispered laughingly.

Natalie seemed totally at ease, again crossing her legs and plopping one of her big thighs on top of the other. This display did not go unnoticed, as Adam's erection threatened to break through his shorts.

Natalie began casually tapping her one leg, and sang quietly to herself until Dick returned.

Adam and Rachel could hear Dick walking back into the room - it was always easy to hear the big man coming. Rachel again laughed at his big swinging penis, and Adam's face was flushed red, mortally embarrassed by this blatant display of frontal male nudity. The naked man brought with him two huge glasses of iced tea, and Natalie was gracious.

"Thank you so much Dick!" she said enthusiastically. She sipped the iced tea. "Mmmm! That is so good," she said.

"I can't take much more of this," Adam said. He didn't know if he wanted to cry, or go masturbate.

Rachel urged him to stay, as the naked man and fully dressed woman continued conversation.

"Are you still going to put up that birdfeeder today?" Dick asked Natalie.

"Ugh," she said, holding the glass of iced tea up to her forehead to cool herself. "I don't think that's getting done today...."

She trailed off for a second, pondering the heat. She then explained to Dick how exhausting it would be to drag the ladder out of the garage, and go to the trouble of hanging a bird feeder on a day like this.

"I'd just assume have you stand outside and hang the damn thing from your prick," Natalie said jokingly to her guest. Adam almost gasped at her language. Rachel had to muffle her laughter.

Natalie continued with the joke.

"You think you could do that, Dick? Stand outside and let me hang a birdfeeder from your cock?" she asked with a hearty laugh. "I'm sure the birds would just love it. Come on, let's go..."

She gave him a teasing smile. Dick played along with the joke until it lost its natural momentum.

"Ugh, it is soooo hot!" Natalie groaned. Dick again walked out of the room to get them refills of iced tea. With how hot it was, the iced tea was going fast.

Again Dick could not avoid having his enormous tool swing and sway with every step, almost forcing Natalie to comment on the matter as he came back into the room.

"Dear me, it's so hot I'm breaking a sweat just watching your dork flop all over the place," she said, laughing heartily. It was that rich, hearty laughter of Natalie's that Adam was always so aroused by, as his erection now dripped pre-come in his underwear.

Dick didn't go out of the way to draw attention to his huge penis. After all, he didn't need to. But when Natalie made a teasing reference to it, he was more than happy to show it off.

He now stood before her and swung his hips, causing his man meat to slap boisterously against his big thighs. It was almost as loud as a steady clap you could make with your hands.

"Wooo! Swing it for me big boy," she said, as he quickened the pace. He also started to get an erection, making his penis that much thicker, and its slapping that much louder. Dick then started to swing his giant tool in a circular motion, displaying a unique skill. It swung around so fast it almost looked like a propeller on a helicopter. A big helicopter.

"Can you fan me with it?" Natalie asked jokingly. "I seriously can feel a light breeze coming off of it."

He kept swinging it for her, round and round, in an unbroken frenzy.

"Oooo, that feels nice," she said laughingly, running her hand through her air. "Just keep swinging it for me."

Adam couldn't watch any longer. He had to go masturbate. Somewhere. Rachel reluctantly left with him.

----------------------------------------

Unable to go home because Natalie obviously had company, Adam had to resort to jerking off in the bathroom at the pizza parlor. He just couldn't hold it. The thought of Natalie sitting there with her pretty grin and her big, sexy thighs, staring at this naked well-hung hunk...

Adam came all over his hands, and all over the floor. His orgasm put him totally at ease. He felt like it had built up since the moment Natalie broke the news to him about his "uncle."

When Adam came out of the mens room to join his step sis, she teased him about what had taken him so long.

He sat down, out of breath.

"That was insane," Adam said.

"What? His dick?" Rachel asked with a big smile.

"Everything...him being naked, her fully dressed...him just swinging it around for her...," Adam went on.

"That was pretty funny," Rachel admitted. "Their get-togethers usually don't get that animated."

"How long have you been spying on them?" Adam asked.

"For a couple years now," Rachel said proudly.

"And he's always naked?" Adam asked.

"Always," Rachel said firmly. "Even in the dead of winter."

The conversation continued over pizza, and both of the young'uns continued to try to understand Natalie's behavior.

"I would say she's just a nudist...but she doesn't get naked," Rachel wondered aloud. "It's just Dick's that's naked...I guess she just enjoys the company of naked men."

Adam was still in shock, and found it difficult to eat. He struggled to get his slice down.

"This is what I come to learn when I'm 18? That my step mom's hanging out with some naked guy with a huge schlong?" he said quietly, but fiercely.

Rachel giggled.

"Maybe you leaving for college is traumatic for her," Rachel said laughingly. "She's trying to fill the void."

The two continued to eat, with some momentary silences. But they wouldn't last long.

"Did I ever tell you about when we moved - you were too little for me to tell you this at the time I guess," Rachel began. "We were taking boxes out to the truck, and this real heavy one I was carrying all of a sudden broke open, and magazines started spilling out..."

Adam anticipated the rest of the story.

"The magazines were filled with pictures of naked men," Rachel said.

"Holy shit," Adam answered.

"The one," Rachel said, beginning to laugh, "the one magazine comes right open, and its laying there on the ground, opened to a full-page spread of a naked guy with a really big penis."

Adam again felt that sick feeling coming on, a feeling that was a mixture of nervousness and arousal.

"What did she say?" Adam asked.

"She tried to play it off," Rachel said, taking a bite of her pizza. "But that is when she told me..."

"What?" Adam asked, with a mouth full. Rachel had a delightful smile on her pretty face.


"You do know Natalie photographs male nudes, right?" she asked. Adam was thinking 'how the hell would I know that?!'

"She takes pictures of naked guys?" he asked. Rachel nodded emphatically.

"It's quite a little business for her," the daughter said. "But I think she's particular to big guys."

Before Adam could ask what she meant, he suddenly realized exactly what that implied.

"Okay, okay, I don't wanna hear any more," he said. And Rachel laughed heartily just like her mom.

--------------------------------------------

Weeks later, Natalie and Adam arrived home from the grocery store, and as they pulled up, Natalie noticed the new garage door opener was not working. Dick had installed it the week before, and she immediately voiced her frustration with him. By mistake.

"Hung like a horse but dumb as a mule," she mumbled as she parked the car in the driveway.

"What?" Adam asked.

"Oh, nothing sweetie," the step mom said.

Adam had heard exactly what she said, but wanted her to repeat it.

"What did you say?" he asked her.

"Sweetie, it doesn't matter," she said. "Let's get going."

As they took the groceries in, Adam began to talk openly about her relationship with Dick. A relationship that Rachel had told him, was a CFNM relationship. That term would not become mainstream for another 15 or so years, and at this time, especially in Kentucky, it was a seldom-heard term.

Natalie often saw Dick naked, yet he enjoyed no such privilege in reverse.

"Has Dick...ever seen you naked?" Adam asked apprehensively.

"Um...not that I know of sweetie," she responded with a laugh.

"But...you see him naked all the time?" he asked her.

She hesitated to answer, but reluctantly did so.

"I guess you could say that," she said with another teasing laugh.

"But isn't that...kind of unfair?" he asked.

She shrugged. "Not for me," she smiled.

Before he could ask another question, she cut him off.

"Sweetie when you get older you're gonna find that you have many interesting relationships, meet many interesting people," she said, now putting the milk away. "Dick...is eccentric. He's eccentric...but he's a friend of mine. I guess you could call him a nudist...but whatever the case it is none of your business."

"Natalie, I didn't mean to - " he began, apologetically.

"How would you like it if I snooped on you and your friends?" she asked. Adam was a little scared. "That's right - Rachel told me you and her were snooping on Dick and I a few weeks ago. Would you like it if I snooped on you and your friends?"

"I wouldn't like it," he answered.

"Exactly," she said. "If your uncle Dick wants to go nude when he and I congregate, that if perfectly fine. If he wants to wear clothes, that is fine. It is our business."

Even though Natalie had warned young Adam about his boundaries, he couldn't stay away.

----------------------------------------

It kept getting hotter that summer. Adam helped Natalie out in the garden, and Dick chipped in as well.

Because she begged Dick to come over on his one day off that week, he kept teasing her that she owed him a special treat. She teasingly fired back "what, my famous blueberry pie?" No, Dick sought something else.

This was within earshot of young Adam, and he decided to spy on the two like he and his step sister did a few weeks earlier.

Adam told Natalie he was going over his friend's, and Natalie waved goodbye, and headed inside with Dick. Young Adam crept up to the window, to the spot where he and Rachel had spied from. Again, the window was open, allowing young Adam to see, and hear, everything.

Natalie plopped herself down on the chair in the living room, and Dick walked up to her, with an obscene bulge in his pants.

Natalie didn't waste much time, and began undoing the man's pants. Adam began to get a fierce erection as he looked on.

Natalie yanked down Dick's pants, and his oversized prick came bouncing out, sticking out as sturdy as a diving board. And just like a diving board, it teetered up and down a bit, like there was something imaginary bouncing up and down on it.

"What a banana," Natalie said enthusiastically.

She broke into small talk with Dick for a few minutes, but then Adam saw her wander out of the room. She returned carrying some small item.

"Oh my God," Dick said with a laugh.

"I just want to know," she answered him.

Adam was trying to figure out what was going on.

"You know I have always wondered, and now I'll actually see," Natalie said.

"Come on, you're wasting time," Dick said to her.

"You shush you," she answered him. "This will only take a sec."

Adam then saw Natalie begin to reel out a thick, yellow tape measure. And Adam had a pretty good idea of what she was going to measure.

"Took me forever to find this thing," Natalie said as she reeled it out. "Don't know when the last time I used this was."

There was this tall, handsome gentleman, pants pulled down to his knees, with a huge erection sticking out before him, and this usually prim and proper single mom was going about measuring his gigantic penis.

Natalie struggled with the tape measure, as it made a loud crack as she tried to bend it. Her clumsiness with the measuring instrument only made the scene more comical.

"Let me help," Dick said.

"No-no, you hold your dick," she instructed him. "You hold your dick and I'll measure it."

Adam could hardly believe what he was witnessing. Natalie held the tape measure along the top of the man's enormous hard-on, and leaned in to see her findings. She looked closely, with scrutiny.

"Jeez louise," she said.

"What?" asked Dick.

"Looks like...11, maybe 11 and a half inches," she said. "Oh my word...you must win a lot of bar bets with this thing."

She then measured it along the sides, and underneath, just to make sure it was the same all around. The head of Dick's penis looked as big around as a baby's fist.

"Are you happy now?" Dick asked her, as she finished taking her measurements.

"Looks like you're pretty happy right now," she said of his outrageous erection. It looked as big around as one of Natalie's forearms.

Natalie then sat down on the chair, and had Dick stand before her. She nonchalantly crossed her legs. Adam couldn't believe the stark contrast - a totally naked male, standing before a fully-clothed woman. Natalie just sat there, as calm as ever, in her tight white shorts and low-hanging blue top, and she had Dick under her command.

Apparently, the "special treat" that Dick sought in exchange for his help with the yard work was a hand job, and it was an intense hand job at that.

Natalie stroked him with one hand, her strokes so long and his cock so big around, it looked like she was stroking a baseball bat.

"I swear, even Dusty didn't have a dork as big as the one you got swingin' between your legs," she said teasingly to him.

"Dusty an old boyfriend of yours?" Dick asked her.

"Dusty was the horse on our farm when I was growing up!" she said. Dick laughed, and his prick throbbed as Natalie quickened her strokes on his massive rod.

"You love it when I stroke your big, hard cock, dontcha Dick," she cooed. His response was to blast her with a thick load of come, such a huge load that some sort of special effects seemed to be at work. But it was all him, and his white shower of come sprayed all over the upper chest of Natalie, the tops of her large breasts now drenched in the stuff.

She kept stroking his giant willy until it settled back down between his legs in its flaccid state. Adam still watched wide-eyed, his mouth open in shock.

"That was a lotta come," Natalie said, half impressed, half amazed. The shock of it all caused Adam to linger longer than he wanted to, and as Dick left, and Natalie headed to the kitchen, she saw the young boy out of the corner of her eye.

"Adam?!" she screamed.

'Shit,' Adam thought. She had caught him.

To be continued...

Summer of '77 Ch. 02
bynatalieprendergast©

Adam saw Natalie bolt out of the living room. He quickly realized she was heading for him.

"Shit," Adam said frantically. He could wait her arrival, or simply get the hell out of there. The latter seemed a better idea. He had no intentions of feeling Natalie's wrath.

He started running out of the backyard, towards the gate. Just as he began, Natalie came out of the house, running right after him.

He jumped over the waist-high fence and never broke stride, heading down the driveway. Not wanting to chase him further, Natalie stopped at the fence. But Adam could hear her voice her anger towards him.

"Better fuckin' run," he clearly heard her say. "Little shit."

As he ran over his friend, Herb's, he had an even sicker feeling in his stomach. He had never heard his step mom use the "F" word, so he knew her anger with him must be on a totally different level. He had no plans of going home any time soon.

-------------------------------------

Adam sat around with his friend, Herb, and their two other buddies, Nate and Scott.

They were checking out Herb's Playboy magazines, and for Adam it was a special treat. Natalie had found a Playboy magazine of his in his closet once, and simply threw it away, without any explanation.

The boys were pretty much in their own little world while checking out the various mags and photos, but every now and then, when they saw a model with a really nice pair of breasts, or a nice butt, they would hold it up to share with the other guys.

It was a good old time, and pretty quiet. Until Herb broke the silence.

"Adam, dude, I hate to say it, but your step mom is fucking hot," he said as he took a drink from his bottle of Coke.

The two other boys cracked up.

"I was gonna say the same fuckin' thing," Scott said. Adam blushed.

"Dude, she's smoking," Nate added. "Did you ever see her wear those tight white shorts?"

"Oh my freekin' God," Herb replied. "One day when I was waiting for Adam to come out, she was doing some gardening, dude, and she was wearing those things. And she was bent over, kneeling down in the dirt, and her ass was sticking high in the air. I just wanted to go over there and plant a kiss on it, man, seriously."

The boys, including Adam, had to laugh at his enthusiasm.

"Dude, I would seriously like to be your step mom's slave," Nate said. The guys shouted. "I'm serious dude, I would let her give me a spanking any time."

Adam couldn't even get a word in.

"Dude, I have to tell you, without embarrassment. I jerk off thinking about your step mom," Nate said.

The boys gave each other high-fives.

"Dude, when I'm not here, I'm at home...jerking off, thinking about your step mom," he told them honestly.

The boys were glad to clear the air and let Adam know how much they cared for the female authority figure that lived in his house. And they were quite open about it.

"I bet she has a huge bush," Nate said. Again, the guys erupted in shouts and chuckles. "She just has that look, man."

"You can tell if a woman has a huge bush by looking at her?" Herb asked with skepticism.

"She just has that look, man," Nate said. "She's all nice and polite and shit, but I bet when the panties come off, it's like a huge forest down there."

The guys couldn't even answer. They were rolling over, laughing and yelling the whole time.

"You're sick, man," Herb told his friend.

"What? I love a huge bush," Nate said. "That's my fantasy. Adam's step momma has a huge bush."

Adam finally brought something to the conversation.

"Th-that," he began, his stutter returning. Usually it returned when he was excited about something. "That isn't that far-fetched."

All of the boys' eyes locked onto Adam's. They all put their nudy mags down for a minute, and gave him their full attention.

"What are you talking about, dude?" Nate asked with interest. "Dude, tell me you saw something. Dude, please, tell me you saw something. I'm begging you."

"Calm down, man," Adam said with a laugh. "I'll tell you."

All of the boys were completely silent.

"Alright," Adam began with a smile. "A couple months ago, we got out early from school - the day there was a bomb threat."

"Yup," Herb said.

"I go home, go into the backyard, which is the way I always go into the house," Adam went on. "I look over and I hear some splashing in the pool. It was Natalie."

"Holy shit," Scott said. Adam hadn't even gotten to the good part, and they were already about to shoot their loads.

"She obviously didn't expect me to be home, and I guess cause it was so fucking hot she wanted to take a swim," Adam went on.

"Oh dude, if you tell me she was swimming naked I will fucking die," Nate said.

"Dude, no. She wasn't naked," Adam said. All three were a bit disappointed for a second. "But she was wearing this, uh, r-really, re-ve, really-rev..."

His stutter returned. His friends were playful about it, but patient.

"Dude, take a deep breath," Herb teased. Adam did so.

"She was wearing this really revealing bathing suit, a white one," he said.

The boys' mouths dropped wide open.

"A two-piece, or one-piece?" Scott asked.

"It was a one-piece, but the bottom part rode up so high - you could see like all of her thighs and shit," Adam explained.

"Oh my fuckin' Lord," Nate marveled.

She gets out of the pool, kind of startled, completely fuckin' tan. I'm like staring at her big tan thighs the whole time, and suddenly I notice what looks like a shadow," he said.

"What?" Herb asked.

"Yeah, what?" added Nate.

"Her crotch," Adam said. "It looked like this huge dark shadow underneath her white bathing suit..."

"Jesus fucking Christ," Herb said.

"Maybe it was a black pair of panties," Scott reasoned.

"No, dude, it was her bush," Adam said. Nate almost lost it. "She has a lotta hair down there," he said with a laugh.

"I'll be right back," Nate announced, heading to the bathroom. Everyone knew what he was doing.

"He's gonna go jerk off," Scott said matter-of-factly.

They wanted to hear more from Adam.

"So what happened, dude, did you just keep staring?" Herb asked.

"Well, yeah, she didn't notice. She was looking around the yard while she was talking to me," Adam answered. "Dude, her bush looked huuuuuge. Like this huge triangle that came all the way up to her tummy...I just wanted to put my face between those big thighs of hers."

Scott spit out some of his soda, laughing so hard.

"Dude, not on the carpet!" Herb scolded him.

"Sorry, man," he answered.

"So your step mom has an untamed jungle between her legs?" Herb asked. Scott kept laughing.

"I guess you could say that," Adam said, cracking up. "But it's hot. She was kind of self conscious about it after a while, and put a towel around her waist. And I never saw her wear that white bathing suit again."

"I guess not," Herb answered.

"Dude, that is fucking classic, man," Scott said. "I would stick my whole face in that hairy bush of hers if I ever got the chance."

"I bet you would, man," Herb fired back.

Suddenly, Nate came back out of the bathroom, and the guys never heard the toilet flush.

"What the hell were you doing?" Scott asked, almost in rhetorical fashion, since he knew the answer.

"I was jerking off," Nate answered, without shame.

"Aw, dude," Herb said. "You better not have gotten it on anything."

"Oh, dude, I was careful," he said with a laugh.

Silence overcame them, like the hot discussion about Natalie had worn them out.

"Dude, does she have a boyfriend?" Nate asked Adam.

"Why, you think you have a shot?" Scott teased him.

"No, dude, I was just wondering. Hot woman like that...wouldn't imagine she's single," Nate pondered.

They all looked at Adam.

"She dates on and off," he answered.

They were quiet for a moment.

"What about your Uncle Dick?" Scott asked. "I see him over all the time. His van's always in the driveway."

Suddenly, Adam squirmed in his seat. He thought of the "CFNM" relationship Natalie had going with Uncle "Dick," and how she enjoyed the sight of his ginormous wang.

"Um, they're j-j-j-just friends," Adam stuttered.

"But he's over there ALL the time," Scott added.

Adam played it off.

"He fixes a lot of stuff at our house," Adam answered.

"Yeah, your house is a piece of shit," Herb teased him. Adam took a deep breath. He felt so uneasy about the boys discussing Uncle Dick. Adam thought if he told them the real story there, about how Natalie treats Uncle Dick, it might blow the boys' minds.

"I bet she bosses him around and shit," Herb teased. "Dick, fix this. Dick, fix that."

Adam was thinking...you have no idea, dude.

"Maybe she likes a man in a tool belt," Nate reasoned. No, Adam thought to himself, Natalie doesn't like her male friends to wear anything, actually. Or in fact, she doesn't let them.

"Dude, doesn't your Uncle Dick have a Y membership?" Scott asked. The boys so easily referred to Adam's uncle as Dick, not even knowing what it implied.

"Oh, yeah," Adam said.

"Dude, he's gotta get us in there. We could hoop it up," Herb chimed in.

The boys were starting to look at their Playboys again, but they just couldn't get off the Natalie subject.

"Dude, I would seriously let your step mom sit on my face, and smother me with that big ass of hers," Nate went on.

"Jesus, dude," Herb said, thumbing through one of the mags. "You need help."

"Oh and dude, we're leaving out Rachel," Nate said. "She's like a fucking younger clone of Natalie!"

The whooping and hollering returned.

"Dude, why are you here? If I were you, I would be home all day, just checking out your hot step mom and step sis," Herb said.

Adam told them just then that he was afraid to go home, that he knew Natalie was upset with him. He didn't dare say why.

"She's pissed at me for...not taking out the trash," he said.

The boys all scoffed at that, telling him to not worry about it.

"Like I said, dude, I would let her spank me any time," Nate said. And they all threw sofa cushions at their horny friend.

----------------------------------------

Adam crashed at Herb's that night. Funny thing was, Natalie didn't even call to find out if he was over there. The next day, when Adam saw Natalie's car leave, he snuck over to the house, and chatted with Rachel while she was in the pool.

"She is soooooo mad at you buddy boy," the step sister said, getting out of the pool, water running off her gorgeous tan body.

"What did she say?" Adam asked.

Rachel smiled.

"It was pretty much along the lines of 'I'm gonna kill 'em...I'm gonna kill 'em...I'm gonna kill 'em,'" she laughed.

Adam groaned.

"Oh man, I'm freakin' dead," he said.

"What did you do?" Rachel said as she dried herself off, her bosoms bouncing ever so gently in her top. "Were you snooping on them?"

Adam reluctantly nodded.

"I told you not to fucking do that!" Rachel scolded him. "She got wise to us the last time."

"How did she find out?" Adam asked.

"The woman knows," Rachel told him. "The woman just knows, my dear Adam. It's like a sixth sense with her - she just finds out things."

Mothers do sometimes have that unearthly ability to sense when their children are running amuck.

"She caught you? What was going on?" Rachel asked.

"Well...Dick was naked," Adam said.

"Well of course," Rachel said with a boisterous laugh, not unlike her mom's.

"And first...she was measuring him," Adam went on, almost in a whisper.

Rachel didn't understand completely right away. And then it dawned on her.

"Measuring his dork?" she asked, her face lighting up.

Adam simply nodded.

"Ha!" Rachel said with great enthusiasm. Her face flushed red with excitement. "And how big was it?"

"Um...like over 11 inches," Adam told her, still not believing it himself.

Rachel's demeanor was a combination of arousal and girlish silliness.

She eventually settled down.

"That is one big dork," she said matter-of-factly.

"Uh, yeah," Adam said in response. "You could hang a freekin' tire swing from it."

Rachel chuckled, but demanded he go on with his tale.

"So she was measuring his dork, and then what?" she asked. Adam didn't even know if he could tell her the rest.

"Come on, come on, tell me," she urged. Adam was embarrassed to say it. He felt so dirty watching the whole thing.

"She...j-j-j-jer-jer," he said, his stutter returning.

"She jerked him off?" Rachel asked. Adam just nodded. It was a lot easier than trying to say it.

"Hooooooly shit," Rachel answered. She was blown away, fantasizing about the sight. She herself had thought about getting her hands on the thing.

"Did she use two hands?" she playfully asked.

"She could of," Adam told her. "But no, just one."

Rachel had to stand there for a moment, just letting this all sink in.

"Did he come?" she asked, now whispering, as if somebody was listening.

"Like an elephant," Adam answered. Her mouth dropped open again. She had to fan herself. It was the heat, but also the story getting her hot.

"Well, I guess big dork, big load," she reasoned.

"I think it has more to do with his huge nuts," Adam couldn't help but say. "That guy has a freekin' huge set of balls on him."

"Adam, were you checking out his balls?" she teased. He shook his head.

"You couldn't help but notice," he insisted. Rachel had herself a good laugh.

"Maybe she milks him. I was reading in a dirty magazine once about women who milk their men - they don't let them orgasm for a long period of time, and then when they do let them shoot, they like explode," she explained with glee. "Hence the term milking, because when they do finally jerk them off, it's like milking a cow - all the stuff that comes out."

Adam and Rachel then joked about how Natalie had been milking Uncle Dick, and they poked fun that he was never allowed to come unless she authorized it. And how she only let him come once every few weeks. It was all a big joke.

But young Rachel and young Adam didn't realize they were right on the money.

-------------------------------------

Adam finally summoned up the courage to talk to Natalie, and give her his apology. It wasn't going to be easy. He had a lot of anxiety about the matter. He waited in his room until she arrived home.

He heard her car pull in, and he went into the hallway, waiting for her to come in. But he heard her talking to somebody as she came in.

It was Uncle Dick.

"Dick, no!" she said loudly as they came inside.

"Please, Natalie," he begged.

"No, Dick, absolutely not," she fired back angrily. Dick sat down.

"Please let me photograph you nude, please. It would be such an honor," he begged. She didn't even respond.

"Please, Natalie," he begged, like a little boy wanting candy.

"Dick, I am at my wit's end mister," she said. "I have so much to do and I can't take time out to talk to you about your adolescent fantasies of seeing me nude."

He hung his head.

"You didn't see me naked then, and you're not gonna see me naked now. Live with it," she said harshly.

"Well how many times have you seen me naked over the last 25 years, huh?" he asked. As she straightened up the couch cushions, her face broke into an amused smile.

"Many, many, many times," she said with pride. It was something she always enjoyed having over him.

"I'm just asking to see you naked once. Just once," he begged. "And then I'll have the image in my mind forever."

She walked up close to him, knelt down on the ground so their faces would line up. His head turned away.

"Dick, look at me. Look at me, Dick," she demanded. "No. Okay? N-O. No."

He sulked.

"I just...want to see you naked so bad," he admitted. "It's not fair you've seen and I've never seen you."

She scoffed at that one.

"Well that's just the way the cookie crumbles, mister," she said.

With his continued sulking, she only got more irritated.

"Dick, I thought we were past this," she went on. "Look at me. You will never ever get to see me naked. Don't you understand that?"

She really loved rubbing it in.

"Yes, Goddess," he answered.

Goddess? Adam thought. Did he just say goddess?

"Now stop all this silly talk about seeing me nude and come help me with the groceries," she said. Then, she stopped in her tracks.

"No, in fact you bring in all the groceries, I'm gonna call Jill," she told him.

"Yes, Goddess," he answered obediently, and headed out.

"That's a good boy," she said. She then plopped herself down on the chair, and crossed those beautiful legs of hers while she picked up the phone.

She wasn't wearing the short white shorts the boys had talked about earlier. She was wearing blue ones, and Adam could see those gorgeous thighs of hers. He just had to be careful to not stick his head out too far, or she would catch him again.

Dick brought in bags and bags of groceries, without her assistance. She sat and chatted on the phone while he made trip after trip into the 95-degree heat. He was dripping sweat, much to the lady's chagrin.

"Dick!" she screamed, cupping the phone so Jill wouldn't hear. "You are getting sweat all over the floor! Go take a shower for Christ's sake."

That threw Adam into a panic. If Dick was going to take a shower, he would see Adam on his way. He quickly, and desperately, had to get out of the hallway, and jump behind the chair in the living room.

He did it, totally thinking they would see him, but miraculously they did not. Natalie went on chatting away, and Dick went into the bathroom. Adam then heard the water running.

"This Dick, I'll tell 'ya," Natalie went on, talking to her friend, Jill. "We're on our way home...right, from the grocery store...he leaves his wallet on the counter at the checkout, we have to drive all the way back...that's what I was just gonna say - typical Dick. He's a character."

Adam was scared he would be found out, but he stayed calm and stayed out of sight. He had a bird's-eye view of Natalie though, as he was looking up at her gorgeous legs from ground level.

Just then, the shower water stopped, and within a few minutes, the bathroom door opened. Adam heard Dick coming, but was shocked at what he saw. The man walked into the living room, stark naked. He saw his ass as Dick stood before Natalie, hands at his side.

She shook her head with a big smile, but went on talking to Jill, unfazed.

"Tell me about it," she said. "The bird bath was bone dry when I went out this morning! This heat is driving me insane."

Just then, Natalie snapped her fingers, looked at Dick and pointed down at the ground. She ordered him to get on all fours, and she picked up her legs and used him as a foot stool. Her gorgeous, tan limbs rested gently on his back.

"Well I'm going out with Chad later," Natalie told Jill over the phone. "Don't call him Mr. Wonderful....well he is wonderful...yes, gorgeous...and he does go all night..."

She laughed heartily, not only enjoying telling her friend about the fine catch she snagged, but having poor Dick being forced to listen to the whole thing. She was so cruel to him sometimes, but he kept coming back for more. He loved it.

"Are you comfortable, Goddess?" the big man asked.

Natalie covered up the phone.

"Dick! I'm on the phone in case you haven't noticed," she barked at him. He was quiet. She now got up and sat down on his back. She again crossed her legs, and Adam began fantasizing what it would be like to feel those thighs on his back. Probably so soft, silky...

She kept crossing them over and over again. Each time, Adam got to see them in motion, seeing how big around they got as they placed one over the other. He was drooling.

"Well, Jill, I have to go," Natalie said. "I have a lot to do before my hot date...that's right...okay...talk to you later."



She hung up the phone, and let out a big sigh.

"Oh Dick, Dick, Dick," she said. "What am I going to do with you, huh?"

"Anything you want Goddess," he said from underneath her.

"Oh my, you are being very obedient all of a sudden aren't you," she cooed. "Sounds to me like somebody wants to make sure they get invited to my next CFNM party."

CFNM...party? Adam thought to himself.

Dick immediately perked up.

"Yes, Goddess," he said.

"Oh don't worry," she said. "You know I can't just not invite you. You're the life of the party with that big rod of yours."

She was all nice and relaxed on Dick's back, just chatting away. But time forced them to break up the little party.

She arose, elegantly.

"Now come on, get up, Dick," she said. She stared down at his huge, hanging manhood, smiling.

"Look at that silly thing," she said, eyeing his oversized pork sword. She was thinking to herself.

"You know what would cheer me up?" she asked. Dick just awaited her answer.

"Jumping jacks!" she said. Dick groaned.

"Oh come on, Nat, it's hot in here," he whined. "The air conditioner's broke...I'm tired..."

"Oh wah, wah, wah," she said, imitating him. "Come on, gimme 25 and I'll leave you alone."

Adam didn't know why she was so persistent about him doing naked jumping jacks, until she saw him get going. His penis flopped up and down, uncontrollably.

"There we go," Natalie said, cheering him on gleefully. "A one and a two and a three...come on, count with me big boy."

She sat down and watched the frenzied display. Each time Dick jumped, his penis smacked against his stomach with the power of a loud drum.

"Oooo, that was a good one," Natalie said of one particularly loud smack. "Now you're getting the hang of it."

He kept jumping and jumping, and his monster peter kept frolicking. Dick stopped at 25.

"Oh don't you dare," Natalie scolded him. "You don't stop until I tell you."

He went right back to jumping, and his penis was so hard now that when it bounced up, it reached the top of his stomach. It looked like an extra arm swinging between his legs.

"My oh my, if there was an Olympic sport for dork flopping, you would win the gold medal," the step mom teased with a thunderous laugh.

"Please, Natalie, can I stop?" Dick begged.

"Oh, alright," she said. "Catch your breath, but I want 50 more." He looked at her horrified.

"I'm just messing with you, Dick," she said. She then got up and walked up close to him. He towered over her, yet she held the power over him. She cupped his large organ in her hands.

"Now I don't want you playing with this thing - only I get to play with it. Is that understood?" she asked.

"Yes, Goddess," he answered with further loyalty.

"Now it might not be for a while - could be a day, could be a week, could be a month! But I will play with this big, hard cock of yours soon, okay?" she said. He nodded.

"Whose cock is this?" she asked.

"It's yours, Goddess," she told him.

"That's right," she said. She gave his cock a few tugs, getting it up to full erection almost just to tease him. And then she relinquished it.

"Now shove off, mister, I have to get going," she told him. And with that, Dick got dressed, and left. And Adam waited for Natalie to leave the room.

Oh, she did, heading to the kitchen. But on the way out, she said "dinner's at 6, Adam."

To be continued...



Summer of '77 Ch. 03
bynatalieprendergast©

Adam went to his room, a sick feeling in his stomach. "How did she know I was there?" he thought to himself. He was so embarrassed. Natalie knew he saw that whole spectacle between her and Dick.

Adam felt like some pervert. His stepmom had caught him snooping on her and a male guest, hiding behind a chair nonetheless.

But he had to recover. "Adam, dinner!" Natalie screamed to him from the kitchen. He reluctantly, but bravely went to the kitchen table, and Rachel was already there.

She was still in her bathing suit, and Adam couldn't help but notice her big breasts hanging over the table as she sat and ate her corn on the cob. The only thing obstructing the view of her breasts was her long brown hair, which hung down seductively over the tops of her tits. But now she ran her hand through her hair, brushing it back over her shoulder, and her half-covered breasts were now perfectly on display.

Adam seemingly needed something to get him from staring, and Natalie provided that.

"So, Adam...where have you been?" she asked him as she took a bite of the barbecued chicken.

"Umm, this chicken is really good, Mom," the daughter interrupted, complimenting the meal she prepared.

"Oh thanks, Dick was going to barbecue but he has a lot to do this evening," Natalie told her. "I thought I would try my hand at it."

"It turned out really good," Rachel told her, as she licked the barbecue sauce off her fingers. Adam also threw in a compliment, hoping to divert attention towards the meal, and away from himself.

"So Adam, you didn't answer, where have you been since yesterday?" Natalie asked persistently.

"Oh...," he stammered. "O-over Herb's."

"Over Herb's? And what did you do over Herb's?" she asked. She took a bite from the corn on the cob, creating a loud crunch.

"Just stuff," Adam said shyly.

"What kind of stuff?" Natalie asked. She was really on him now.

"Just talked and stuff," Adam went on. "We...traded some baseball cards - I got a Reggie Jackson."

Natalie wasn't the slight bit interested in that bit of news.

"I sometimes worry about the people you hang out with," she said. "I think those boys are the reason you've been acting so strange the last few days. Snooping through windows, hiding behind chairs..."

"Hiding behind chairs?" Rachel asked with a big smile, interested to hear what she was referring to.

Natalie waved her off. "Don't get me started," she said to her daughter.

"Mmm, that was so good, Mom. Can I go? I have aerobics soon," Rachel asked as she picked up her plate.

"Yes, you can go. Your leotard is on the bed," Natalie told her. Ah, Adam did like to see Rachel in that leotard of hers, but right now he had some other matters at hand.

As Rachel left the room, Natalie turned her chair to directly face Adam. She pulled her chair out from under the table, and this way Adam could see her gorgeous legs, and that was the only thing making this situation a little easier for him. He knew he was in trouble.

"Adam, we have a lot to talk about," Natalie said sternly.

"Yes, mam," he answered.

She had a serious look on her face.

"You have been behaving very, very badly the last few weeks, and I don't like it one bit," she said. "Now when you go off to school, you're gonna have to take care of yourself. But as long as you're under my roof, you're gonna live by my rules. Got it?"

"Yes, mam," he answered.

"First of all, if I ever catch you snooping on me ever again, there will be Hell to pay. You understand?" she asked, crossing her legs.

"Yes, mam," he said. His heart was racing.

"Second of all, since you have so much idle time on your hands, you are going to help out Dick a few days a week with his handy work," she said. He didn't like that idea, but couldn't argue right now.

"Yes, mam," he said.

"Whatever Dick needs you to do, you do it," she said.

"Yes, mam," he said. She took a deep breath.

"Now...there are also going to be changes around here, understand?" she asked.

"What kind of changes?" Adam could barely say.

"Well since you really, really need to learn to respect other people's privacy, I think you should earn the right to have your own privacy. So I have taken the lock off your bedroom door," she said. "Well, Dick took it off - I had him do it last night, while you were gone."

Adam was stunned. "You did what?" he asked.

"Dick put a new doorknob on your door, one without a lock," she explained further. "Now you have no way of controlling people coming in and out of your room at their leisure."

"B-b-but?" he asked.

"Don't b-b-but me," she replied, playfully teasing his stutter. "You asked for it, mister. How do you think I liked it when Dick and I are trying to have a moment's peace together, and you're in the room spying on us?"

Adam couldn't answer.

"Seriously, sweetie, if your career as an engineer doesn't work out, you might want to try your hand at becoming a private dick," she teased.

A witty observation, but Adam figured Natalie just had an affinity for the word "dick."

"Now," she began. "I don't know how much you saw, but I imagine you caught some of me putting Dick through the motions."

'Putting him through the motions? That's what she called it?'

"Yes, mam," Adam answered.

"Sweetie...Dick can be a pest," she began. "Now don't get me wrong. He has a huge, huge - "

Adam braced himself.

"Heart," she said. Adam exhaled. "And he has always been there for me, but his libido is that of an 18-year-old. He's not too far removed from those little perverts you hang out with down the street."

Adam had to laugh.

"So when Dick becomes a little...too aggressive with me, I have to put him in his place. Well that sounds too harsh - I have to remind him of his manners," she said.

"So that's why you made him bring in all the groceries by himself?" Adam asked.

Natalie nodded.

"And then that's why you used him as a piece of furniture?" he asked.

Natalie burst out laughing. "Oh my goodness, did I?" she tried to recall.

"You sat on him. And then you made him do naked jumping jacks," Adam went on. Natalie was in hysterics now.

"Oh dear me, now I do remember a consistent smacking sound," she said with that rich laugh of hers.

Adam's face was beat red, but he did smile.

"Seriously, sweetie, I just wanted to make sure Dick was getting proper exercise," she said teasingly. "A big man like him, in his early 40's, putting in all the hours he does - he needs to exercise."

"Naked?" Adam asked.

She chuckled. "Now that was his doing," she replied. They both laughed. Natalie laughed a little bit longer.

"Have you ever seen anything like that?" she asked her step son. He knew exactly what she was referring to, and that nervous feeling in his stomach returned, as well as an unrelenting erection.

"No," the boy replied.

"Dear me, it almost hangs down to his knees," she said openly. Adam squirmed a bit. "How he even walks around with that thing is beyond me."

They were both quiet for a few moments.

"I've told Dick several times he should think about doing work in the adult film industry," she went on, crossing her legs again. "It's not the most honorable job, but I imagine it would be good money for him, and he could make use of his special gift."

Adam couldn't believe she talked about it so openly.

"I have seen a few John Holmes films, and I think Dick could give him a run for his money," Natalie said honestly. His step mom knows who John Holmes is?, Adam thought to himself. Well, of course she might have heard the name but she's watched his movies?

"You do know who John Holmes is, dontcha hon?" she asked, placing her hand on his knee.

"Oh, yeah," he said.

"Oh good, I didn't want to feel like I was corrupting you," she said.

"And Long Dong Silver?" he asked. She gave him a funny look.

"Long Dong Silver?!" she asked.

"Uh, yeah, a black guy...kind of like John Holmes," Adam began.

"You don't have to tell me - I get the picture," she said with a hearty laugh. "I'm familiar with John Holmes, I haven't heard of...Long Dong." She chuckled at the name.

"Sweetie, you boys don't sit around all day watching pornos, do you?" she asked.

"No, no," he answered. "I just saw a few."

Adam finished the last of his meal. It was hard for him to eat with the racey type of conversation he was having with Natalie.

"Why doesn't he want to do...adult films?" Adam asked.

"Dick is very shy," Natalie said. "For some reason, he has no problem parading around naked when I'm around, but the thought of doing it in front of a camera..."

Adam just nodded.

"That's just Dick," she said sharply. "Now, back to your punishment."

Adam didn't realize he was actually being punished, maybe just taught a lesson. But Natalie was persistent.

"I have to say it really bugs me you stuck your nose into my private matters," she said. "And I'm a firm believer of 'let the punishment fit the crime.'"

Adam cringed in his seat.

"So I want you to tell me something juicy about each one of your friends," she said. "Better make it good. We won't move on until I'm satisfied."

Adam couldn't believe her. Was there no end to her tyrannical reign?

"But I...," he began.

"No buts, mister," she said. "Come on, spill the beans. Let's start with Herb."

Adam didn't know what to say.

"Pretend it's a normal day with you guys, like yesterday when you were over there," she said. "Pretend I'm in the room, spying on you guys, like you spied on me and Dick. What would I see, and hear?"

Adam would tell her everything.

-----------------------------------------

The boy wanted to go back to his room, and be alone for a bit. Rachel came bouncing out of her room, excited to go to aerobics.

"What's up, pervert?" she asked. "I heard you have to work with Uncle Dick for the summer. Ha!" she taunted him.

"That's not the worst of it," he said, eyeing his door knob as they stood at the threshold of his room.

"What...what happened to your doorknob?" Rachel asked.

"She took the lock off my door," Adam said. "She had Dick put one on without a lock. She said I have to earn my privacy."

Rachel's mouth dropped open, then an amused smile came across her face.

"That is fucked up," she said, finding it difficult not to take pleasure in the boy's embarrassment. It was all in good fun.

"What the hell?" he asked rhetorically.

"She's gone mad with power," Rachel said, amused with the whole thing. "Better not play with yourself too often. Me or my mom might walk in on you."

Adam shook his head, ashamed.

Rachel gently shoved him, trying to comfort him. "She's just doing it to scare you," she said. "She's like this all the time. She gets real mad at something, does something over the top, and then calms down and forgets about it. Don't worry about it."

Adam didn't know whether to be scared, or aroused. Over the last few weeks, he had slowly but surely started to enjoy being under his stepmom's command. How far would it go?

---------------------------------------

Adam returned home one afternoon, a bit exhausted after working the whole day with his uncle. All he wanted to do was rest. But his step mom wouldn't have that.

She knocked on his door, then asked if she could enter. At least for the moment, Rachel had been right about Natalie's actions - she did in fact take the lock off Adam's door, but it wasn't like she would barge right in any time she felt like it. At least for the moment.

"Adam, sweetie, I need you to help me out today," she said. She was dirty from gardening, and sweaty. But she still looked great.

Adam groaned a bit, getting up from his bed, as he just wanted to rest.

"Come on, mister, I know you're tired," she said. "But I need you to help me get this place organized a bit. I want you to help me clean up my room - it is such an awful mess and I haven't had any time to deal with it."

Natalie led young Adam into her bedroom, and immediately he saw piles and piles of magazines.

"I need you to organize them by date," she said. "There's National Geographics, Time, some other stuff, and I need you to tie up the stacks with that twine when you're done."

Adam didn't think much of it, and sat down in the middle of the mess of periodicals, and began trying to organize them. Natalie went into the bathroom to get a shower, and just a few moments after hearing the water begin to run, he heard the bathroom door fly open, and Natalie walked briskly into the bedroom, wearing just a bra and panties.

"Stupid me, I forgot my clothes," she said, grabbing her shorts and top off the bed. She just stood there and looked over at Adam. She asked if he was making out okay, and he couldn't help but stare at her, wide-eyed. Natalie could tell that he felt guilty looking at her in this state of affairs.

"Adam, it's okay," she said. "It's just my underwear...to tell you the truth it's more comfortable this way. This dang heat is driving me bonkers!"

Adam just nodded. He tried not to look, but he couldn't help it. His eyes slowly went down to her crotch, and through her white panties, he could see her huge bush again.

"Even the ground is smoldering," Natalie went on, talking about her gardening. "It's so hot out, the birds have to use potholders when they pull worms out of the ground!"

Adam again just nodded. He looked at her breasts, and the damn things were almost coming out of her bra.

"It is just so hot," she went on. "That damn Dick still didn't fix the air conditioning either...How is it, working with Dick, sweetie? Is he nice?"

"Uh, yeah," Adam answered. He was in a daze.

"Okay. Just let me know if he gets out of hand," she said. "Dick can be a nuisance sometimes."

Natalie turned and slowly walked towards the bathroom. And as she walked away, Adam saw her rear end, as her panties had ridden up into her crack a bit, causing both of her luscious cheeks to be almost fully exposed. They looked like two huge half moons, and just like his buddy, Adam wanted to run over and plant a kiss on each one.

But the time for that was over. She had walked back into the bathroom and gotten into the shower. Adam returned to organizing the magazines, and as he did, he was surprised with what he found. Mixed in with all the other periodicals was a good amount of Playgirls, a magazine featuring photos of fully-nude men.

He didn't expect Natalie to leave them right out in the open like this. He went about organizing the other mags, and left the Playgirls separate for now.

About 20 minutes later, Natalie got out of the shower, and came into the bedroom.

"How ya' doin' there kiddo?" she asked.

"Um, fine," he answered. "Almost done."

"Alrighty," she said. Adam purposely left the Playgirls separate, waiting for Natalie to acknowledge them. But she never did. They were right there, scattered all over the floor, but she wouldn't say anything.

"What do you want me to do with...," he began, eyeing the risqué magazines.

She looked at him puzzled. "Uh, just organize them like you did the other ones," she said, stating the obvious. "They have dates on them, sweetie, just like the other magazines." She acted so nonchalant about it.

Adam grabbed the first one, and then another, and began trying to sort them by date.

"Oh, here's a good one," Natalie said, picking one up and thumbing through its contents. She then let out a big laugh, and held up the magazine and showed one of the pages to Adam. He didn't want to look, but couldn't help it. It was a photo of a nude black gentleman with a particularly large organ.

"Aw, I didn't need to see that," Adam said. Natalie laughed again.

"I love the little bios they have for each guy," she said. "Oh look here, Desmond likes rock climbing, and cycling, does some white water rafting..."

She turned away from the magazine and voiced her own opinion of the man.

"Yeah, and he also has one hell of a big schlong!" she said.

Adam winced as she said that, feeling an oncoming erection.

"Anyway, sweetie, just do the best you can with these, okay?" she said. "Me and Rachel are gonna go swimming in a little bit. I think even Dick might stop by and we might ask him to join us."

Adam's stomach dropped. Swimming with Dick? That would be interesting to see how Natalie and Rachel behave. The young boy was nervous about the situation, but eager to experience it. He finished up with the magazines as quickly as he could.

---------------------------------------

Adam got into his bathing suit and headed out to the pool. Natalie and Rachel were already in there, and Adam couldn't believe it, but Natalie had on her white bathing suit. The one he told his friends about. He hadn't seen her wear that in a long, long time.

"The water feels so good, Adam," Natalie told her step son. "Wait til you get in."

Trying to show off, Adam jumped right off the diving board and into the water, and it did in fact feel replenishing after a long day of work.

Rachel was wearing her tight blue bathing suit, and Adam tried to swim right up to her as much as possible, and check out her gorgeous, young breasts.

"Dick! You made it," Natalie shouted as the lovable uncle came into the backyard. He was dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, and still had his tool belt on.

"Come on in, Dick, the water's perfect!" she told him while splashing around in the huge, in-ground pool. Dick walked up onto the deck, and took a seat on the bench.

"I don't have a bathing suit," he said. Natalie groaned. "Just swim in your underwear," she teased him. Rachel laughed.

They went about having a conversation, and as always, it involved the heat.

"I swear if the temperature dropped to 95, I might feel chilly," Natalie joked. Dick talked to Adam a bit about the work that lie ahead for them the next day, but Natalie interrupted.

"Adam, sweetie, don't you have a bathing suit you can lend Dick?" she asked. Adam was slow to answer.

"It's just for today sweetie, go get him one of your bathing suits," she said. "That way Dick can swim too."

Adam was still hesitant to move.

"Uh, I don't know if it will fit," he said. Dick was in fact a big man, and Adam just a scrawny young pup.

"Oh, a bathing suit's a bathing suit. One size fits all," she said.

Adam reluctantly got out of the pool and went into his bedroom to fetch a suit. Now, if he had another one that was just like the one he was wearing, it would have already been a tight fit for Dick. But the one he found was even a little tight on Adam. It was supposed to be a baggy, normal bathing suit. But it was a year old. He brought it out, and handed it to his uncle.

"There ya' go, Dick. See, we aim to please," Natalie said. Dick held the suit up, thinking 'there's no way in Hell this is gonna fit.'

But he went into the house to get changed. Natalie, Rachel and Adam talked about Rachel's aerobics class, and she said how it was really getting her firm and in in shape. Adam was glad he was in the pool, as his semi erection had a place to hide.

Just then, Natalie let out a hearty laugh, and Adam turned to see Dick walk up onto the deck. The bathing suit was skin tight on him, and there was a very large tubular bulge that snaked all the way down his thigh.

"Well dear me, those don't leave much to the imagination, do they, Dick?" Natalie asked with a big grin. Rachel looked at Adam and started cracking up.

Dick dove right in, and before he surfaced, Rachel looked at Natalie.

"Mom!" she whispered sharply. "You can see his thing!" Natalie just laughed it off.

"Well, sweetie, when you're that big...," the mom replied.

Dick came up for a second, then went back underwater.

"What if someone sees?" Rachel asked.

"Oh, honey, there's no one around," Natalie told her. "If we were at the beach, it would be different. But here? It's okay."

bynatalieprendergast©

Natalie and Rachel eventually swam over to the shallow end of the pool, along with Adam, and the three watched Dick do a series of dives.

"Dick used to be a diver in high school, didn't ya' Dick?" she asked. He nodded, and did another impressive one off the board. Natalie had him try all different dives, and he didn't mind showing off. Except, as the day wore on, Dick's bathing suit began to not cooperate with his proportions. And certain parts of him were exposed.

It was young Rachel who spotted it first.

As Dick was under water for a few moments, the daughter tried to tell the mom of the situation.

"Mom, his thing is sorta...," she tried to explain, motioning to her thigh and trying to show the man's penis had snaked out of his bathing suit. Natalie didn't know exactly what she meant at first, but then it sunk in.

"His dick's hanging out?" she asked sharply. Even Rachel was caught off guard by her mom's casual use of the "d" word. Rachel's face was flushed.

"Oh jeeeeez," Natalie said. "I guess I'll have to be the one to tell him."

Natalie swam over to the side of the pool, and as she got out, Adam got a great view of her big, sexy ass. She walked over and sat on the bench nearest the diving board, to have a looksey as Dick got out of the pool.

As he did so, Natalie's eyes got huge. She saw that his enormous penis was in fact partially exposed, and she dropped her head in her hands.

Adam had an enormous erection as he looked at Natalie's gorgeous tan legs. She crossed them a few times while sitting there on the bench, as she waited to have Dick, uh, adjust himself.

As he got ready to do another dive, she intervened.

"Dick, babe, come here a sec," she said. Rachel and Adam tried to hear the discussion.

"I think uh, the pickle is out of the jar," she said, trying to be subtle. Dick looked at her like she had crabs coming out of her ears.

"Um, the snake is out of its cage," she went on. Again, he looked puzzled. Dick wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed to begin with, but all the diving made him a little more flustered than usual. He couldn't quite get what she was hinting at.

Natalie looked at him, with a stern face. He just gave her a blank stare. She had to spell it out.

"We can see your dick!" she said loudly. Rachel burst out laughing, and dropped down into the water up to her neck. Adam just froze.

Dick went about trying to get himself covered up, and it wasn't easy.

"It must have come out when I was diving," he said, sounding apologetic.

"Yeah, well, it's hanging right out in the open," she scolded him. She had no problem with Dick being naked when it was just her and him, in private, but when the kids were around...

"I told you this bathing suit would be too small," he said, finally fitting his penis back into the trunks.

"Well, there is a lot of ground to cover," she said, now finding the situation somewhat humorous.

Dick stood before her, awaiting her approval after he had tucked himself back in.

"Well, it's back in...for now," she said with a laugh. "My goodness, Dick, I have big boobs but you don't see them hanging out of my suit!"

"That's because you're not wearing a toddler's bathing suit," he argued back, exaggerating how small the suit was. She laughed even more.

"Well, do your dives," she said, crossing her legs again. Adam swam over closer so he could look at her spectacular limbs. Rachel splashed him along the way.

After a few more dives, the inevitable happened again. Dick's suit was again, not doing its job.

"Oh cripes, you're hanging out again, Dick," Natalie told him as he got up onto the board. At this point, he didn't really care. He liked being exposed in front of her.

Rachel craned her neck to get a glimpse of his partially exposed dork, and she had to tease him.

"I can see your pet snake, Uncle Dick," she said.

"More like an anaconda," Natalie joked back.

"I have to feed it mice," Dick said, playing along. "It's probably come out for its meal."

Natalie just shook her head. "Dick, just get in the water," she said. He did so, and finally stopped diving. That is what was causing the problem in the first place.

"You were a big help today, Adam, I have to thank you for all you did for me," Natalie said to her stepson, trying to change the subject from Dick's wardrobe malfunction.

"Dick, on the other hand," Natalie began. "When are you going to fix our air conditioner?"

He shook his head, laughing.

"I'm sorry, Natalie. I've just been so busy," he said. "Is it that bad?"

"Dick," she began, "I was walking around in a bra and panties today. I was dying!"

"Well I'm sorry I missed that," he teased. She splashed him.

"Adam saw me, but he behaved like a gentleman," she said.

"Mom? You were walking around in your bra and panties?" Rachel asked. "Ewww!"

"Oh shush," the mom said, waving her had at her. "It was hot! Only Adam was home."

They referred to Adam, an 18-year-old, a young man, like he was this harmless little boy, but he didn't mind.

"What about you Dick? You stay all dressed up when you're home alone, or you just letting' it swing free?" Natalie asked.

"Mom!" Rachel yelled.

"What?" the mom asked. "It's a perfectly normal question."

"My air conditioner works fine," he explained. Natalie just shook her head.

"Yeah, you save the full frontal nudity for when you come over here," she teased him. Finally, Natalie had actually fully acknowledged Dick's occasional nudity, in front of Adam and Rachel. Prior to this, she had always played it off.

"Yeah, what is up with all the nudity, dude?" Rachel asked her uncle. Natalie laughed, and Dick actually got embarrassed a little. Most of the time, it was Natalie that put him up to getting naked, but she was blaming it all on him on this occasion.

"Rachel might have uh, saw you in your birthday suit," Natalie told her eccentric male friend. He was a little shy about it. Natalie was leaving Adam out of this discussion, and he didn't mind. He was just having fun listening and watching.

"I didn't see...everything. I mean, I saw it, but it would be really quick and then...I'd have an obstructed view," Rachel explained with a smile.

"Well, you did see IT? Didn't you?" Natalie asked, overemphasizing "it."

"Oh I saw it," Rachel said. "And it was pretty intense," she added with a laugh.

"Intense? How?" Natalie asked as she brought one of her knees up to her tummy, doing a leg lift to stretch out a bit. On occasion, Adam would go underwater with his goggles, just to see her fully-exposed thighs. He would also get a quick view of the outline of her big bush, and it had quite an impact on him.

"What do you mean intense?" Natalie asked Rachel again, giggling.

"Uh, swing swing," she said, referring to his hefty penis.

"Oh! Oh my goodness," Natalie said with a jovial laugh. "Yes it does swing a lot doesn't it. Like a damn bell clanger I might add."

They were just having a good old time poking fun at Dick's endowment.

"But I didn't get to see it up close though," Rachel went on. She was being more brazen than usual. And as she would quickly find out, so was her mom.

"Oh Dick, show her your twinkie," the mom teased.

"Mom!" Rachel shouted again, trying to act as though she didn't want to see it. Although she was dying to.

"Oh come on, it's just his ding-a-ling," she went on. Adam had a raging erection watching all this unfold before him.

Dick was hesitant to get naked in front of the lovely Rachel, but Natalie didn't see anything wrong with it.

"Come on, Dick, take one for the team," she said. "Let Rachel have a looksey."

Dick was still reluctant to take off his trunks. He just waded in the waist-deep water, in between the two women.

Natalie tried to press the issue, and walked up behind Dick and tried to yank down his trunks.

"Mom! Oh my God," the daughter laughed.

Natalie had her thumbs inside Dick's trunks, and was trying to pull them down, but they wouldn't give.

"These things are painted on!" she said. Dick was letting her try to get him naked. Now, he was starting to get turned on by her forceful nature, and getting aroused by the thought of being nude in front of the 18-year-old Rachel.

His arousal had led to him becoming semi-erect, and as Natalie's efforts finally gave way, when she pulled his trunks down, Dick's penis flopped out like it had been spring-loaded.

"Oh my God!" Rachel shrieked. Dick, for some reason, tried to cover up. He was still a bit bashful in front of Rachel.

"I saw it! I saw it!" Rachel said triumphantly.

"Did his dick flop out?" Natalie asked with a big smile.

"Oh it flopped out alright," Rachel said happily. "That's a real doozer you have there Uncle Dick."

Natalie swam out in front of Dick, and stood before him. She took his bathing suit from him, and held it tightly, as if to say 'you're not getting this back any time soon.'

"Oh look at you, why are you covering up?" she asked Dick, sadly. "Let Rachel see you. Let her get a glimpse of the eighth wonder of the world."

Rachel laughed. Adam pinched himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming. He couldn't believe the two women were behaving this way. God, he was glad he didn't go over his friend's tonight.

Finally, Dick took his hands away, and just beneath the surface of the waist-deep water, the women had a full view of his male organ.

"Now that's a penis," Natalie said triumphantly. "You're not gonna see many like those in your lifetime, young lady."

Dick did have a beautiful penis. Not just overtly huge, but pretty - the shaft, the skin, the huge head...everything about it was nice to behold.

Dick playfully wagged his hips, causing his penis to wave from side to side in the water.

"Looks like a sea serpent," Rachel said. Natalie wasn't satisfied.

"Dick, sweetie, stand up on the deck so Rachel can see you," Natalie told him gently. Dick was hesitant.

"For goodness sake, Dick, no one is around!" she scolded him. He got up on the deck as told, and as he went up the ladder, water ran off his penis.

"It's like a mighty submarine coming to the surface," Natalie joked.

Dick stood before the two women, with his arms at his side, and his penis fully exposed, hanging down between his legs.

"Nice dick, Dick," Natalie couldn't help but say with a girlish giggle. The two women swam over closer to the deck, and stared wide-eyed at his penis, without shame.

"It looks like his penis...ate another penis," Rachel joked as she looked at the huge, dangling shaft. Natalie giggled again, like a schoolgirl seeing the male anatomy for the first time.

"Well didn't you know Dick is a centaur?" she asked the young one.

"What the hell's a centaur?" Rachel asked. Natalie smiled.

"In Greek mythology, centaurs were creatures that were part man, part horse," Natalie teased. "I think you can figure out for yourself what part of Dick is like a horse."

Rachel was loving it. Dick just stood there obediently. Adam, meanwhile, didn't dare get out of the water. Watching Natalie and Rachel have their fun was causing him to have the biggest erection of his life. If he got out of the water, his bathing suit would have been sticking out a mile.

"Oh and poor Adam," Natalie said. "Adam's like 'get me the hell out of here.'" But he played it off, letting the women know he was cool with their behavior.

"Now see how big it is now - that's just when it's soft," Natalie told her daughter.

"Jeepers," Rachel said jokingly.

"Well come on, Dick, you can go back to diving now. I don't think you have to worry about coming out of your suit anymore," she said with a big smile.

"No I don't, do I," he asked rhetorically, looking down at his nude form. Natalie knew exactly what diving would cause certain parts of Dick's body to do. Rachel was a bit slower to catch on. She didn't realize it until it took place before her eyes.

As Dick bounced up and down on the diving board, doing it more times than normal just to show off for the women, his huge, floppy penis was doing a bit of bouncing itself.

Natalie was bent over in laughter, and Rachel's face was beat red. "Oh my Gawd," she said.

Dick kept bouncing up and down on the board, and his penis began smacking loudly against his stomach .

"Boing, boing," Rachel said laughingly, imitating the display.

"What are you referring to, the diving board or his dick?" Natalie asked in between gales of laughter.

"I think you could dive off either one," Rachel said, keeping the joke going. Dick was bouncing up and down, up and down, repeatedly, to no end.

"Enough already, Dick, dive in!" the mom told him. He did so, and there was a splat when he hit the water.

"Was that his dick?" Rachel asked with a laugh.

"I sure hope not," the mom said in a mockingly concerned tone.

When he surfaced, the women's teasing continued.

"Did you hurt yourself, Dick?" Natalie asked with a laugh. He played it off, like he meant to hit the water in such a seemingly painful way.

"Well come on, do a serious dive for us," Natalie said. Dick attempted to do just that. But as he stood on the board, stark naked, Natalie's girlish sense of humor kicked in again.

"We are here at the Olympics," she began, pretending to be a commentator. "And Dick Roberts, yes, the famed Dick Roberts, owner of the biggest dork this side of the Mississippi..."

Rachel cracked up and stared even more intently at the nude hunk.

"Is attempting to do a very difficult dive," Natalie went on, holding a pretend microphone up to her mouth. "His story is an inspirational one folks, how this giant of a man, with such enormous talent, and such an enormous ding dong, has won his way into our hearts. Oh look at that dive, ladies and gentlemen. Don't let him fool you folks. He has not let his 11-and-a-half inch penis come in between him and his dreams of a gold medal."

Rachel tried to get serious, at least for a few moments.

"Did you dive in high school, Uncle Dick?" she asked. He told her of his whole diving career, from age eight all the way up to college.

"I still have frozen images in my mind of him in a speedo," Natalie said with a big smile. Rachel gushed, and just stared down at Mr. Roberts' penis, as it swayed in the water.

"I guess you weren't much of a swimmer," Rachel said.

"Now why do you say that?" he asked her. She kind of tip-toed around the subject.

"Uh, wouldn't it like, slow you down," she said, vaguely referring to his huge wiener.

"Now see I would think he could use it as a rudder, as a way of steering through the water," Natalie joked. Dick went back to diving, and Natalie and Rachel now plopped themselves down on the bench, up on the deck. Adam started the barbecue for dinner. Dick did dive after dive, completely naked, as if there was nothing wrong with it.

"Now see if Olympic diving were like this, I might watch," Rachel laughed as she eyed Mr. Roberts' sexy, muscular butt.

"Oh, boys used to swim and dive naked all the time when I was growing up," Natalie said casually.

"They did?!" Rachel asked.

"Oh sure," Natalie told her. "I mean, practices were closed to females, but me and my friends would sneak up to the windows and have a good look every afternoon. I can see you get your snooping habits from me."

Rachel couldn't believe it. The thought of boys her age, all on display like that...

"Maybe I'll have Adam invite his friends over, and I'll have them all swim naked for you," the mom teased. Adam gulped. He figured she was only kidding, but she had sort of a serious tone when she said it.

The young man finished up the barbecuing, and told everybody it was time to eat. Dick, however, stayed outside at the pool as the three went in to have dinner.

-----------------------

Conversation, at first, was slow at the dinner table. Rachel would occasionally let out a victorious giggle, happy that she finally got to see Dick in all his glory, and also taunting Adam a bit because he had to deal with the sight of full frontal male nudity, in his own swimming pool. But he loved the way the women behaved.

"This is really good, Adam," the mom said of the meal, just trying to break the tension. Rachel wasn't eating much, as she was too busy craning her neck, staring out the window.

"What are you looking at, Rachel?" the mom asked, sort of annoyed with her young daughter.

"Oh, just Dick," she said.

"What is Dick doing?" the mom asked teasingly. Rachel smiled, and kept looking out the window at the well-hung wonder.

"Oh, just pacing around the deck," she said. Rachel looked out at the naked man lustily, like she was following his every movement.

Natalie decided to have a look herself, and got up and walked over to the window. She let out a big laugh when she gazed out, seeing a fully nude man casually strolling around the deck of their pool.

"What if somebody sees him?" Rachel whispered, as if she didn't want anybody to hear.

"Oh," Natalie said, waving her hand. "He's fine. I think Ms. Cohen might be home but...oh, he's fine."

Natalie kept looking out at Dick, who had now spotted the women and playfully posed for them, putting one of his feet up on the bench, and keeping one on the deck, and as he leaned on his knee, it exentuated his long, dangly penis.

Natalie burst out laughing, and Rachel got up to have a better view, and even pushed her own mom out of the way.

"Don't you push me, young lady," the mom teased. "I brought you into this world and I can take you out."

They shoved and shoved until finally deciding to take turns looking out.

"What are you guys doing?" Adam asked as he took his plate to the sink.

The two women hesitated for a moment, but Natalie thought of something to say.

"We're just bird watching, to a certain extent," the mom said with a laugh.

"Yeah, there's this huge pecker up on the deck," Rachel said with a girlish giggle, and Natalie clenched the mouth of her daughter, knowing she had said something dirty. But she let it slide.

"God, he's really naked isn't he," Rachel said aloud, still not used to the sight of her fully-nude "uncle."

"It really would appear so, wouldn't it," Natalie joked back. Dick continued to pose for them, and because he could see their stares out the window, his penis elongated to nearly a full erection.

"His cock is sooooo big," Rachel cooed. Natalie was agitated, and corrected her daughter.

"Sweetie, I don't want you using that word," she said, even though she herself would use it when she and Dick were alone.

"It's the same as dick," the daughter replied.

"Yes but that word, the c-word, is dirtier. It's used in pornos, honey, it's a really filthy word," the mom explained.

"But I like it," Rachel answered, reluctant to give in. Natalie let out a big sigh.

"Come on," Rachel said, pushing her mom aside. "My turn to see his huge hanging cock."

The mom stifled a giggle. She couldn't believe the monster she had created. Rachel was taking after her, to a degree she never imagined.

"What are you guys looking at?" Adam asked from the table. He knew what they are gazing out at, but wanted to get into the conversation.

"Oh, it's just Dick, sweetie," the mom said. "He's just showing off a bit."

Adam squirmed in his seat. He really had to masturbate some time soon. Seeing these two women go so nuts for Dick's equipment was driving him crazy.

"I really should hang up that bird feeder," Natalie said, making casual conversation while there was a completely naked man hanging out in her backyard. "The birds are all over the place, looking for food...You know what, I'm gonna put Dick to work."

Natalie slid open the glass windows, and yelled to her longtime friend.

"Dick! Dick!" she kept yelling from the kitchen. He had momentarily gotten lost in a daze, still posing on the deck.

"Dick!" Natalie continued to yell. Just hearing his mom use that word in such a sharp, loud manner sent Adam into a frenzy. "Dick!" the mom kept yelling. "Is he deaf? Dick!"

Now the daughter got involved, as they yelled at the man in unison.

"Dick!" they cried out. Finally, they had gotten his attention, and Natalie had asked him to put up the birdfeeder that was sitting up against the big oak tree.

Dick came bouncing down the steps of the deck, and the sight was not waisted on Natalie.

"God look at that thing just swing and flop," she said in a loud, jovial tone.

"What? Lemme see," Rachel whined.

"Oh hush you," the mom said. Natalie told Dick to hang the bird feeder from the tree closest to the window. And this wasn't just for the sake of centralizing its location, but to also give the girls a better view of his anatomy.

Dick was reaching up to the nearest branch, his long, muscular arms raising high in the air, his pecs fully engorged, and his hanging manhood right there out in the open. Rachel's dark brown eyes went up and down his whole body, but they seemed to stay fixated on his penis for a good amount of time.

"Wow...I can really see him now," the daughter said.

"Can you see his cock?" the mom asked with a smile, using the word she had yelled at her daughter for using just moments earlier. It might as well have been an open invitation for Rachel to begin using the dirty slang term.

"Front and center," Rachel said.

"I thought that would be a better vantage point for you sweetie," the mom said.

Adam was getting a little jealous of the women having all the fun, and as much as he enjoyed their naughty behavior, he felt a little uncomfortable. So he tried to strike back.

"I saw Herb's mom sunbathing nude one day," he abruptly announced.

The two women were startled, and Natalie was also skeptical.

"Oh yeah, sweetie?" she asked, humoring him for the moment.

"Yeah," he replied. "She was totally naked. She had these huge boobs, and big bush..."

Natalie and Rachel were taken back a bit, shocked by the language the usually quiet Adam was using.

"She just walked around naked, and me and Scott got to see it all," he said nervously.

Natalie let out a big sigh, and rose from her chair. She sat down right on the table, just next to Adam, and crossed her legs. Her big, tan thighs were right in his face.

"Adam, sweetie," she began. "It's not good to make up stories."

"Ha!" Rachel yelled. "She got you buddy boy."

"No, no, she really was..."

"Shh, shh, shh," Natalie said, interrupting him. "Now you know there is no truth to that story."

Adam didn't feel like arguing, and was now even more turned on by his step mom's dominant behavior. She crossed her legs again, and he couldn't help but stare at her thighs.

"Hey," she said to him. "Eyes up here mister."

It was the first time she had ever fully acknowledged him checking her out. There had always been that tension, but now she brought it out in the open. She enjoyed his stares.

"How is Dick doing, Rachel?" the mom asked, knowing her daughter was watching his every move.

"He's fine," she answered. She was in a daze.

"I mean the birdfeeder, honey. The birdfeeder, not his dick. Is he almost done hanging the birdfeeder?" the mom persisted.

"Oh, yeah, looks like he's almost done," the daughter answered.

Just then, there was a knock on the door.

"Now what on Earth could this be?" Natalie asked. She walked briskly to the front door, and was startled to see it was her nextdoor neighbor, Ms. Cohen, and a police officer.

'Oh shit,' the mom immediately thought. 'She saw Dick.'

Natalie invited the officer and Ms. Cohen inside, and brought them into the kitchen.

"Mam, Ms. Cohen here said she saw a naked man in your backyard," said the officer. It was a female officer, and pretty new to the job it appeared. She looked maybe 25, if even, and rather attractive.

"Did you have an intruder?" the officer asked. Natalie tried to relax.

"Intruder?" she asked. "Oh no, that's just Dick."

"Dick, mam?" the officer asked. "Who is Dick?"

Natalie hesitantly pointed out the window, to where Dick was standing, still playing with the birdfeeder.

Ms. Cohen let out a gasp. "Oh my word," she said. Rachel, and Natalie, found it hard to stifle a few giggles. Ms. Cohen, a nice woman in her 50's, was not the type of person accustomed to a lot of nudity, let alone full frontal male nudity, with a person as endowed as Dick.

The officer, used to making just routine traffic stops and handing out a few parking tickets, was startled a bit herself.

"Holy moley," she said.

"I'm sorry officer," Natalie said. "He just figured there's nobody around. We won't let it happen again."

The officer, and Ms. Cohen, lingered for a bit.

"Yeah, you can't just stroll around your property completely nude. There are laws against that," the officer said. "If Ms. Cohen wishes to..."

The officer trailed off. She found it hard not to stare at the naked man, and his huge member.

"That is one enormous penis," she couldn't help but say. Natalie and Rachel burst out laughing, but they were still a bit nervous about the whole situation.

"What is his name? I want his name," the officer said angrily.

"It's Dick, officer," Natalie said. "Dick Roberts."

"His first name is Dick?" the young officer asked. Rachel, and even her mom, giggled a bit.

"Yes, officer," the mom persisted. "That's our good buddy, Dick."

Rachel, the crotch of her bathing suit a bit moist from checking out Dick all afternoon, got up from the table, but draped a towel around her waist to cover up her wetness.

"Tell DICK, I would like to speak with him," the officer said angrily.

"Oh boy," Natalie whispered as she went outside. Rachel looked at Adam, as if to say 'can you believe this?' No, he couldn't.

Natalie brought Dick inside with her, and he coweringly covered his genitals as the two entered the kitchen.

"So you're the man I would like to speak to," the officer said.

"Officer I - "

"Quiet," she interrupted him. "Do you have any identification on you?"

He tried to think of where he last put it, and he was flustered to begin with, only making it harder to recollect.

"It's...in the bathroom, mam," he said.

"Well go get it, Dick," she told him.

"Yes, mam," he said.

To get to the bathroom, he had to squeeze in between Ms. Cohen and the young officer, and he tried in vain to cover his enormous penis as he snuck by.

"Excuse me, sorry," he said as he walked in between.

"We are really, really sorry about this officer," Natalie said. "We were swimming, and things got out of hand and..."

The officer gave her a look like she understood, but wasn't through with Dick yet.

When he came back out, he had to carry his wallet with one hand, and try to cover his penis with the other. It was almost not worth it, as his huge snake was still half visible.

Dick handed the officer the wallet, and she snapped at him.

"Don't hand me that. I'm not fishing your I.D. out of there. Get it out yourself," she said angrily.

To do this, Dick had to give up on trying to cover himself, and let his penis dangle freely between his legs. As it was unleashed, Ms. Cohen gasped.

"Oh good Lord in Heaven," the old woman said.

"Are you alright, mam?" the officer asked her seriously, fearing the woman might have a heart attack.

"Yes, yes, I'm fine," Ms. Cohen said. Ms. Cohen could have easily looked away, or covered her eyes, but she instead chose to stare at the man's giant penis. She looked and looked, all the while finding it hard to believe it was actually real.

Dick handed the officer his driver's license, and she held it up to read it.

"W-w-wait, it says your first name is Oscar," she said. There was an uncomfortable silence.

"Everyone just calls him Dick, officer," Natalie said.

"Dick?" the woman asked. "How on Earth do you get Dick from Oscar?"

Again, an uncomfortable silence. Rachel coughed to break the tension.

"It's because of the size of my dick, mam," Dick had to tell her. "It's a nickname."

The officer's mouth dropped open. She was stunned, dumbfounded.

Old Ms. Cohen, God bless her, let out a chuckle.

The room was silent, instead for girlish snickers coming from every corner. Adam was in the middle of it.

The officer snapped out of her shock, and glanced down at Dick's enormous tool. She shook her head, unsure of what to say, or do.

"Well I have to say it is fitting," she said of his nickname.

"Dick is a little wild, but harmless, officer," Natalie said. "We'll make sure he never gets out of line again."

Once more, Natalie had tried to break up this little party, but the officer was reluctant to leave.

"I don't know. There are a ton of charges I could book you on - disorderly conduct, lude behavior, disturbing the peace..."

"Carrying a concealed weapon," Ms. Cohen joked, brazenly interrupting the officer.

All of the women broke into laughter. Even the beautiful dark-haired officer cracked a smile.

She again looked down at Dick's big penis, and this time covered her face with her hands.

"Am I on Candid Camera?" she asked rhetorically. "Is this really happening?"

Dick figured he was off the hook, and began swaying his hips, making his penis swing back and forth between his legs. Ms. Cohen laughed at the top of her lungs, but the officer wasn't having it.

"Don't you shake that thing at me," she said, grabbing hold of his penis and balls. "You think this is some sort of joke?"

She was holding on tight, and not letting go. Dick was in some pain, and just as it started to get bad, the officer released his package.

"I'm sorry officer," the man said in a high-pitched tone. Natalie and Rachel giggled at how he sounded.

"Shaking your dick at the law, are you?" the officer asked the man. Adam couldn't believe all this was unfolding before him. He just stayed glued to his seat.

"No, mam," Dick answered.

"Well, just so we have an understanding, I'm writing you a parking ticket," she said. "That's your van, parked in front of the hydrant outside, isn't it?"

Dick winced, as he remembered he was going to move it but had gotten caught up in all the festivities in the pool.

"Yes, mam, I was gonna move it but - "

"Put a sock in it, donkey dick," the officer snapped at him. "You're getting a ticket."

Natalie tried to hold in her laughter, but the more she tried, the funnier it got. She and Rachel both burst into hysterics, and Ms. Cohen soon joined in.

The officer didn't seem to mind.

"Wait til I tell my husband about this," she said. "He'll never live this down."

The officer went about the tedious process of writing out the ticket, as Dick stood there completely nude. He was about to go back into the bathroom to get dressed, but as soon as he moved...

"W-w-wait, where do you think you're going?" the officer asked.

"To get changed," he said.

"You're fine the way you are. Just stand there and don't move a muscle," she ordered him. Dick did as told, but just to emphasize her point, she put Dick in handcuffs, forcing his hands behind his back.

"There ya go," she said. "You wanna act like a criminal, you can feel like one too."

Now, Dick had no way of covering himself. He stood in the middle of the kitchen, handcuffed, with his penis hanging right out in the open.

He could feel the women's stares on his member, and an unwanted erection soon ensued, as his penis went from hanging down towards the floor, to rising up higher and standing out straighter, all the way until it ran perpendicular to the floor.

Rachel nudged her mom, to make sure she was watching these startling developments.

"You think I don't see it?!" the mom asked rhetorically.

Dick's penis bobbed up and down, throbbing like a heartbeat, and wanting attention.

The officer had finished writing the ticket, and ripped it loudly from her pad. When she turned around, she was treated with the sight of Dick's horse-like hard-on pointing right at her.

She audibly gasped.

"Kids, go to your rooms," Natalie ordered Adam and Rachel. Rachel whined and was reluctant to leave, but Natalie insisted they had seen enough, and that Dick would be leaving soon. Rachel would have her fun with Dick soon enough. Adam had to pace himself. He needed to go to his room and reflect...among other things.

When the kids were gone, the officer stood there and stared at Dick's enormous erection, and she began playfully batting it back and forth with her night stick.

"I'm sorry I called the police," Ms. Cohen told Natalie. "I thought he was some pervert trying to break into your house. I didn't know he was your...acquaintance."

"Oh, that's our Dick," Natalie answered. The officer was still batting his big penis back and forth with her long, black weapon, and now began comparing the two. She held the nightstick up along the shaft of his dork, for a playful comparison.

"You could really hurt somebody with that thing," the officer said to Dick. "You ever use it as a weapon?"

"No, mam," he said, playing along.

The officer was having a naughty thought, and with her authority in place, she gave in to her urges.

"Do you have any duct tape?" she asked Natalie. She was surprised by the question, but then went about finding some for the officer.

She ripped off a long piece, and without warning, taped Dick's mouth shut.

"This will keep him quiet," the officer said. Natalie, and certainly Ms. Cohen, were a little nervous with the uncertainty of what was going on.

"Relax, girls," the officer said. "I just want to have some fun with this big boy."

The officer began slowly stroking his monstrous tool, and the first few strokes of his member sent shockwaves through Dick's system. Her touch was unbelievably arousing. He loved how she ludely stroked his cock slowly and emphatically, moving it up and down as well as stroking it back and forth.

"I milk him," Natalie had to say, wanting to show off in front of this wicked officer who was fiendishly abusing her authority.

"You do what?" the officer asked.

"I only let him come when I say it's okay," she said. "I tease him and tease him, and even play with his cock, but then I only let him come when I say he's allowed."

"I see," the officer said in a satisfied tone.

"What are we working on now, Dick, two and a half weeks?" Natalie asked.

He moaned in pain. He mumbled something, but it was all garbled, having been duct-taped around the mouth.

"More than two weeks?" Again, he mumbled.

The officer had an idea.

"Answer her with your dick," she said. Natalie clapped her approval, amused. Ms. Cohen moved in closer to see.

"Has it been two weeks?" Dick swung his penis up and down.

"More than two weeks?" Natalie asked further. Again, he flexed his big tool up and down for her.

"Has it been three weeks?" Again, his huge penis swung up and down, signifying 'yes.'

"My goodness, I've been really hard on you, Dick, haven't I?" Natalie asked with a laugh. "I've been having sex regularly the past few weeks, but aw, poor Dick..."

Again, he moaned as she rubbed his face.

"It hasn't been a month, has it?" she asked him.

He swung his penis from side to side, to signify 'no,' but this created some confusion.

"W-w-wait. No, it hasn't been a month, or no, it has been a month? Which is it, Dick?" she asked.

Again, he swung his penis from side to side, as it smacked loudly against his thighs.

"I think he's trying to say it hasn't been a month," the officer said with a laugh. "Either that or he's trying to swat flies with his dork."

Natalie cracked up, and the young officer took off her gun belt, and put down on her nightstick. She wanted to give his huge penis her full attention.

She began stroking it again, as Dick moaned louder than before.

"Good thing we taped his mouth," the officer said.

She used her right hand to stroke his tool, and she cupped his huge balls with her left hand.

"Sheesh, he has huge balls too," the officer said.

"Over three weeks of come pent up in those things," Natalie said. She brought a chair over, and sat down, with her legs crossed. Now, she tortured Dick with the sight of her big, tan thighs, one crossed over the other.

"Mmmmmmm," he moaned loudly, wanting to come but knowing that Natalie had not given him permission to yet.

"This is some cock," the officer said. "I just stroke it and stroke it, and it just stays so hard. And look how springy it is..."

She pulled Dick's penis down between his legs, all the way to the point it could go no more, and then she released it, as it came flying back up, frolicking up and down like a powerful catapult.

"Can I...touch it?" Ms. Cohen asked hesitantly.

The officer urged her to come closer and have a feel. Dick stood there and obeyed.

"Oooo my, sonnie, this is some dick you have," the older woman said. The officer and Natalie looked at each other and cracked up. Natalie had known Ms. Cohen for years, and had never heard such a filthy word like "dick" escape her lips. It had to be the atmosphere causing her to let loose.

"It's nice to see such a nice, young man with a such a big, strong dick," the older woman went on. "Do you like me playing around with your dick...Dick?"

Natalie and the officer were loving it. Dick could only moan, partly in pleasure, partly in pain. His balls felt like they were going to burst.

"All three of us could stroke this monster wang of his," Ms. Cohen rejoiced. The officer and Natalie put their hands right alongside Ms. Cohen's, making it a three-person effort.

"Back and forth, back and forth," Ms. Cohen instructed. "Nice and easy. Oooo, look at that big strong cock just throb in our hands."

Dick now moaned out so loud, it was as if they were torturing him.

"Oh you be quiet you," Natalie said. "We're gonna have our fun with you, and there's nothing you can do about it."

"And don't you dare come yet, or I swear to God I'll kick your balls up into your stomach," the officer lashed out. Natalie and Ms. Cohen were amused by her brutal threat. It seemed like an empty one, but Dick wasn't going to take any chances.

"I've never seen a dork as big as this," said Molly, as she had finally told Natalie and Ms. Cohen her name.

"Not many women have," Natalie said, as she played with Dick's huge cock head.

"Oh look, he's dripping pre-come," Natalie noticed. She gently rubbed the sticky substance into the soft tissue of his penis.

"That means he's close," Molly said. "Let's leave him alone for a bit."

Dick moaned his disapproval, as he simply wanted to come. When the three women released his penis, all at once, it caused it to spring up and smack his belly.

Molly noticed this, then tried to simulate the same action, over and over again.

"Wow, look at this," she said in a taunting tone. "I can make his dick bounce."

She did it over and over again, forcing it down between his legs, then watching it spring back up. Natalie and Ms. Cohen never tired of seeing the display.

As the three sat down, Molly again grabbed her nightstick, and casually batted his huge penis back and forth with it as the women discussed their next plan.

"You know there is a game," Natalie began. Molly and Natalie were interested right away.

Molly began unbuttoning her top, exposing a little bit of a dark red, satin bra.

"What's this game?" Molly asked Natalie.

"Well...," she began. "I tried this once, just for fun, but we could make it a contest. We each put a cashew on the end of his dick - "

Molly and Ms. Cohen already began laughing.

"No, listen. We each get a cashew, put it on the end of his dick, and see how far we can fling it," she said. "I tried it once and it was fun."

Molly and Ms. Cohen looked at each other, and thought why not. They had their questions about the game - how Natalie came up with it, why cashews?, and if it would actually work. But it seemed fun.


The three women were oblivious to Dick's moans, as he pleaded for them to let him come.

Natalie started the cashew game, and as she explained, she placed a cashew on the end of his hard penis, just below the head, then forced his penis down, and watched it spring back up with great momentum.

The cashew didn't go far though, as it sort of fell off to the side.

"Oh rats," she said.

"His dick sure moved but the cashew didn't," Molly said.

Molly then undid the final few buttons of her top, and threw it off to the side. She did it without warning, and she exposed what was a very impressive rack, made all the more sexy by the red, satin bra that was fighting hard to keep her enormous breasts contained.

Dick moaned even louder, and now that little drizzle of pre-come turned into a thicker, more consistent stream, as it had grown so substantial it oozed out of his penis and dripped down to the floor below.

'Please let me come!' he cried out in his head.

Molly placed a cashew on the end of his penis, and then forced his cock down between his legs, just like Natalie did, and released it like you would a catapult. Her cashew got airborn, and landed a few feet in front of the helpless man.

He wriggled a bit in his handcuffs, only making his big dick bounce even more.

"Nice one," Natalie said, complimenting Molly. "Alright, Chelsea, your turn," Natalie said to Ms. Cohen.

The older, but still sexy woman, came right up to Dick and batted his penis around in a playful manner.

"You gonna hit a home run for me, Dick?" she asked. "Let's show these girls how it's done."

Ms. Cohen then put the cashew on the end of Dick's penis, forced his member all the way down between his legs, and then released it, and for a split second, Natalie and Molly both wondered what happened to the cashew.

Suddenly, there was a slight tink, as if something had hit the sliding glass doors, some 15 feet away. It was the cashew.

"Holy shit," Natalie said as she found it on the floor. "It went all the way across the frickin' room!"

Ms. Cohen reveled in her victory, and she playfully wagged Dick's mighty penis up and down, congratulating him.

"That was something, Chelsea," Natalie said.

"Oh, it's all in the technique," she replied.

The three women sat down for a minute, and Dick was now moaning non-stop. Again, the women were oblivious.

"Is it supposed to rain tomorrow?" Chelsea asked.

"I think so," Natalie said. "Believe me, we need it."

Their casual conversation was not helping Dick's state of affairs.

But Molly was nice enough to get things going.

"Alright, I say we each have a turn wacking off Dick's dick," the officer said. The two other women couldn't help but laugh.

"Dick has to try not to come, and we in turn will have a contest to see who can make him shoot his stuff," Molly went on. The women agreed, and since she went last with the cashew game, Ms. Cohen was up first for the jerking.

"You gonna come for me?" she asked him, looking right in his eyes. One might think because she was older, Ms. Cohen might be more gentle, but it was far from the truth. The old gal, now divorced, grabbed onto Dick's hard-on like she was clutching for something she treasured dearly, and would not let it go.

She stroked his erection furiously, up and down repeatedly, and she had the experience to use his precome as natural lubrication for the long shaft. His erection shined in the daylight, and it looked so smooth and sleek as Chelsea jerked it skillfully, providing nice, smooth, even strokes as she got into more of a rythem.

Dick moaned, but Natalie urged him to not give up his seed. Chelsea, meanwhile, argued the other way.

"Come for me, Dick, come for me," she said as she intensified her strokes. The old woman now used both hands, not leaving one inch of his prick untouched. "Shoot this big kielbasa for me," she said. Natalie and Molly snickered with delight.

Just when he thought he couldn't hold on any longer, Molly told Chelsea her time was up. She didn't want to stop though, and Molly had to pry Dick's huge penis from her grasp.

It was now Molly's turn, and Dick feared the worst. He had no idea what she might do to him.

She took one finger and ran it alongside the top of his shaft, delicately teasing him. She then ever so slightly jerked his cock with just a few of her fingers, guaging its thickness.

Molly then went down to her knees, and brought her bra-covered tits up to his cock. She placed the huge monolith between her big breasts, and showed right from the start that her intention was not to jerk him off with her hands, but with her tits.

"Rub that big dick in between my tits," she told him. He pushed forward, aiming his huge trunk of a penis in between her soft, tan breasts. He could see that she must sun-bathe topless, as there didn't appear to be any tan lines, at least from what he could see.

Dick wanted to be able to rip that bra off and suck on her ample tits, but with his hands cuffed behind his back, he had no such chance of doing that, not that she would let him anyway. He had to just let Molly milk him with her big jugs.

"Don't come for her," Natalie told him. He didn't think he'd be able to make it. Molly now rubbed her tits up and down on his cock, as it resembled one big hot dog in between two nice big buns.

She rubbed her bra-covered tits all the way up and down his shaft, as the head of his penis brushed her chin. Pre-come now dripped from Molly's chin, as it had become so substantial on Dick's cock head that it rubbed off on her.

He moaned again from behind the duct tape, causing Molly to go about her task with even greater vigor and resolve.

"Come for me, big boy," she demanded. "Shoot your stuff."

Dick could feel his penis tense up, and his balls also tightened. He thought he was going to release the three plus weeks of come from his nuts, but just then, Natalie relieved Molly of her duties. She was reluctant to let his penis go, but the woman of the house had her way.

"Now," she said. "It's my turn."

Natalie immediately jerked his cock a few times, but then held up.

"Since you've been such a good boy for us, Dick, I'm gonna give you a special treat," she said.

Natalie got down on her knees, just like Molly did, but instead of using her breasts to stimulate the man, she used her mouth.

Natalie ran her tongue all the way along Dick's long, long shaft, getting it nice and wet and also getting a taste of his manhood. He moaned with relieved pleasure, as he knew the end was finally near.

Natalie opened her mouth as far as it would go, and took the huge head of his penis into her mouth. She sucked on it like a big lollipop, not yet trying to engulf the shaft, but rather just suck on the head.

She fondled his balls with her fingers, feeling how awfully big they were and how heavy they felt in her hand.

She released his penis for a moment.

"I never knew I had actual jaw muscles," she said, as she was forced to use them in this instance.

Sucking Dick was like sucking a telephone pole, but Natalie bravely pushed on, and after engulfing the huge shaft once again, she stretched her mouth open even further, and tried to get some of his mile-long shaft down her throat.

She thought bobbing up and down on it would allow it to move into her mouth further, and this was effective, and it also created a loud slurping noise that caused Molly and Chelsea to look on in wonder. They licked their lips, as they too would like to taste the giant shaft.

But for now, Natalie kept it all to herself, and she sucked loudly, and bobbed up and down furiously on his hard-on, now stroking the bottom of the shaft with her left hand, and she continued to massage his balls with the other hand.

Dick continued to moan, and now too did Natalie, who was moaning and sucking continuously as the other two women looked on.

Molly and Chelsea could see Dick's enormous penis getting harder and harder, each time Natalie worked it in and out of her soft, wet mouth.

When he felt he could just not take any more, Dick moaned in such a high tone that Natalie knew he must be close. She took his penis out of her mouth, so she could see the prize for her efforts.

She kept stroking his cock as she aimed it off into the distance, towards the sliding glass doors.

"Come on, come for me baby, come for mama," she urged him.

Natalie aimed his penis upward, preparing for what she knew would be a monstrous come shot.

Dick groaned loudly, as the final, desperate seconds before his release seemed to last forever.

Finally, he could feel it coming, and he flexed his huge hard-on, and fired out what was an angry, powerful blast of come. Natalie, standing next to Dick, watched in awe as a thick, unbroken rope of white cream shot from the man's long erection. And it traveled so far, and with such force, that it splashed up against the sliding glass door. As if the cashew was a foreshadowing of the whole spectacle.

Just as the women were voicing their amazement, another thick rope of come shot out of Dick's penis, as if all the teasing by Natalie, Molly, Chelsea, and don't forget Rachel, had created the perfect storm.

"Holy shit, he's still going!" Chelsea said. It was another thick rope of come, and another, and another...

They were now drenching the rug below, as Natalie continued to milk the man for all he was worth.

"It's still shooting!" Molly said, leaning up against the sofa to get a better view. His penis was still spurting forth semen, as Natalie looked on with a very satisfied grin.

Dick's legs were now wobbly, as if he had just endured a very exhausting, yet completely thrilling experience. His penis finally stopped shooting forth massive amounts of come, and after she squeezed out the final few dribbles, Natalie let go of his huge organ and let it dangle freely between his legs.

Molly put her top back on, uncuffed Dick, and warned him she would be keeping an eye on him. Chelsea said she would have to stop by more often. And Natalie was just getting started.

--------------------------------------

A week or so later, Natalie came into Adam's room early one morning and woke him from his sleep.

It wasn't easy to get him up. He mumbled.

"Adam sweetie, Dick said you can take the day off," she told him.

"Well let me sleep then," he moaned.

"No, sweetie, Dick is going to fix the air conditioner, but I need you to run some errands for me," she said. Adam reluctantly got up out of bed, and Natalie got to see him in his underwear.

"I made a list of things for you to get," she went on. "It shouldn't take long. And thank God, if all goes well, we'll finally have air conditioning again."

Adam got into his shorts and T-shirt.

"Dick should be here any minute," she said.

Adam went and did like she told him, but halfway through the errands, Adam realized he had forgotten to set the timer for the sprinklers. He thought no big deal, he would just stop home real quick. He saw the driveway packed with cars, but didn't give it much thought.

When he got into the backyard, he saw Rachel, and she jumped a half mile.

"Jesus, you startled me," she said to him angrily.

"What are you doing?" he asked his stepsister. She had this wicked grin on her face. "You wouldn't believe me if I told you."

"Are you spying on them again? She went ballistic the last time she caught me," Adam said.

"But Adam, you have to see this," she urged him, motioning for him to come up to the window. "Come on, you have to look."

"No!" Adam said, refusing. He went about setting the timer for the sprinklers, and was about to leave.

"You won't get caught, I promise," she told him. "You have to see this."

Adam let out a big, disgusted sigh, and reluctantly went over to the window. He could hear Natalie talking, and as he looked through the window, he saw Dick sitting on the chair in the living room, completely naked. Natalie, and another woman, sat there and looked at Dick.

"Wow, he's naked again. So what?" the boy asked, unimpressed.

"Look at what they're making him do," Rachel said. 'Making him do?' Adam pondered. Now it sounded interesting.

Adam looked again, and he saw Dick plant a kiss on the head of his own penis. He did it over and over again, much to the amusement of the women. They cheered and hollered like it was a bachelorette party. Adam thought it was an optical illusion. Dick's penis was so huge, he could lean down and kiss the head of it.

"Oh give it a kiss, give it a kiss," Natalie urged him on. And he kept doing it. His hardened, horse-like phallus extended midway up his chest.

"Watch this," Natalie said, and she grabbed his ginormous hard-on, pulled it down, and watched it fling back up and smack his chest. The women went wild.

"How many women are in there?" Adam asked.

"Must be six or seven," Rachel answered back. And then she let the bomb drop. "They're watching him suck his own dick."

Adam looked through the window again, and there was Dick, sucking on his own mighty penis. He had a good two or three inches of it in his mouth, and he was going up and down on it like there was no tomorrow. When he sometimes released it from his mouth, Natalie was squirting whipped cream on the end of it, giving him a little treat as he continued to blow himself.

He bobbed up and down on it repeatedly.

"Doesn't even take much of an effort, does it?" Jill asked rhetorically.

"You know I have watched him do this several times, and believe me it never gets old," Natalie said with a big laugh, crossing her legs. She was casual in a sun dress.

"He's really going to town on that thing, isn't he?" one of the women asked.

Rachel covered her mouth, trying to not burst out laughing. She was also getting wet from watching the display.

"You dingbat," Natalie said to another one of the women. "You just didn't believe me when I told you he can suck his own dick." Natalie had a very satisfied grin on her face.

"I just...didn't think it was possible," the woman said. "I just figured he would have to be so flexible..."

"No," Natalie said. "He just has a really, really big dork." There was an eruption of laughter.

Adam, who didn't want to look at all at first, was now fighting over the best viewing spot with Rachel, the two shoving each other for a better vantage point through the far window. A good thing Dick had not yet fixed the air conditioning, as the windows were still kept wide open to let air in, and indirectly, it allowed Adam and Rachel to see and hear everything.

"Didn't you catch him doing this once?" Jill asked her best friend.

"Yup," Natalie answered. "Imagine my horror when I come home from school one day and go into the family room, and...Hello!"

There was again, a roar of laughter.

"I was like 'wow, my step brother can suck his own dick," Natalie went on. 'W-w-wait. Step brother?' Adam thought. He even stuttered in his own mind when he pondered that one.

He nudged Rachel, and asked "did she just say step brother?" Rachel shoved him off for now.

"I'll tell you later," she said.

They went back to watching. "What happened when you caught him?" one of the women asked Natalie.

"I just stayed and watched," she said with a big laugh. "Much like we're doing right now...There's not many men out there that can give themselves a blowjob."

Dick kept on sucking himself, and it was getting louder and louder.

"Oh you're a good cocksucker, aren't ya'," she teased him.

"So was that when you first found out how big he was?" asked one of the women.

"Uh-huh," Natalie confirmed. "I had heard the rumors before him and his dad had moved in with us but..."

"My reputation precedes me," Dick said, taking his penis out of his mouth for a moment.

"Yeah," Natalie replied, "and so does your dick."

The women again were reduced to girlish giggles, and finger-pointing.

"Get that cock back in your mouth, mister," she scolded. "There, that's a good boy."

Dick sat there, hands under his thighs, propping himself up a bit as he gave himself oral pleasure. The women soaked in the amazing display.

"You had heard rumors about his size?" one of the women asked.

"Oh sure," Natalie said. "When you're growing up in rural Kentucky, in the '50's I might add, in a small town, everybody knows everybody."

Some of the women nodded, some were too busy watching Dick.

"I had heard Oscar Roberts was this kid across town that was really huge," Natalie went on. "There were some exaggerations of course, like it was so big he couldn't wear shorts in the summer time, when he would get a hard-on, he would black out.."

The women cracked up.

"But I was curious to see it," she said. "So when I walked in that day and lo and behold..."

"From there the legend grew," Dick said, again taking a break from his sucking. And again, Natalie finished his thought.

"Yeah," she said, bursting into full-blown laughter. "And so did your dick."

Some of the women now clapped lightly, cheering the man on as he continued to suck himself, largely for their own amusement.

"My mom and I used to ask each other: when is his dick ever gonna stop growing?" Natalie asked. 'Her mom? Natalie's mom knows about Dick? Did I miss something?' Adam thought to himself. Rachel chuckled, like she knew something Adam didn't.

Natalie now had Dick stand up, and suck himself from different angles. She had him simply bend over, and ease his penis into his own mouth.

"Touch your toes, and suck your dick," she taunted him, like she was a drill sargeant. The women all shifted in their chairs to find the best vantage point.

"I think I like watching him do it this way better," Jill said. "It just looks even more ridiculous." There was Dick, bent over at the waist, sucking on the end of his mighty organ.

"Jill, you wanna give me a hand here?" she asked her friend. Jill got up, and the two women began stroking the man's enormous dong. He continued to suck it, and they stroked it for further stimulation.

"Now I want you to swallow every drop, you got it buster?" Natalie asked.

"Mm-mmm," Dick answered, his mouth stuffed with his own cock. Jill and Natalie were both stroking his shaft, Jill taking the base of it, and Natalie the middle part of the shaft.

"Someone could actually play with his balls," Natalie said. One of the women got up and did just that, fondling his huge sack as there were now three women, and Dick himself, bringing pleasure to his man parts.

"Dear me," one of the women watching said, as she was still amazed the man could actually blow himself. "If my husband could do this, he would never leave the house."

Natalie laughed. "You got that right," she said. "Any time Dick is late, I figure he's home sucking his own prick."

Rachel and Adam continued to look on, and braced themselves for the inevitable.

"I'm getting close," Dick told the women. They picked up the pace even more, with Jill and Natalie offering long, smooth strokes, and Dick bobbed up and down on his own huge meat.

"Oh I think I felt it - yep, he's coming," Natalie said. "Oh look! He's coming! Swallow it, swallow all of it!" she persisted.

The women hollered and cheered as the man swallowed his own seed, with some of the come running out of his mouth and onto his cheeks. He quickly wiped it away.

"Very good," Natalie said. "Now we'll let you relax for a minute."

They would go on to play some interesting games with Dick's penis, including one where the women saw how many hangers they could hang from its insanely huge shaft. They also played a ring toss game to see who could throw the most rings around it from across the room.

For once, Adam and Rachel didn't get caught watching Natalie's little show. Adam asked several questions about Natalie's real relation to Dick, now that that was out in the open.

Report Story
bynatalieprendergast© 3 comments/ 


"Yeah, Dick's dad and Natalie's mom were married for like a year. Didn't last," Rachel told the boy. "I guess she never brings it up that they were actually stepsiblings for a bit."

Adam couldn't believe it.

"I think there's something to be said for a woman who has seen her step brother naked," Rachel said with a devilish grin. He knew what she was implying, that she wouldn't mind if Adam got naked for her some time.

Blown away by the show, and the news, he tried to summon up the focus to get back to running his errands.

To be continued...

Summer of '77 Ch. 04
bynatalieprendergast©

Over the next few days, Natalie wanted to cool things down at the house, in more ways than one.

The air conditioning was finally fixed, making things a bit more comfortable, and she also put a stop to Dick's nudity, at least when the kids were around.

When Natalie wasn't around, Rachel and Adam continually joked about what they had witnessed Dick doing, that special talent that Natalie had him show a crowd of women for what seemed like an afternoon tea party.

"If you could do it, would you suck your own dick?" Rachel would ask Adam.

"Who says I can't?" he would tease back.

"Yeah, okay," she said sarcastically. The conversation would then start up again.

"But seriously, would you, if you could?" she would ask her stepbrother.

"I guess," he said. "I've actually had dreams where I could do it..."

"You've had dreams about it?" she asked with a laugh.

The two, taking a break from their yard work, now just sat in the grass, having a candid chat.

"Isn't it kind of gay?" Rachel asked.

"Not if it's your own," Adam fired back. "Jerking off isn't gay."

The logic made sense to Rachel.

"I won't even be able to look him in the eye any more without cracking up," Rachel said. "I'll just keep thinking, 'wow, you can suck your own dick.'"

Adam was kind of curious if Rachel had enjoyed any more episodes with the eccentric friend of the family.

"Have you...hung out with Dick since that day we all went swimming?" he asked casually.

"No," she said. "I'm still trying to find out what happened after Natalie sent us upstairs."

And yes, Rachel was trying to find out every detail, much to her mom's dislike.

--------------------------------------

"Pleeeease, tell me," Rachel begged her mom.

"Rachel, you are getting on my last nerve," the mom told her. "I told you a million times, the officer had Dick pay his ticket, he apologized to Ms. Cohen, got dressed, and left. It was no big deal."

Rachel pouted like a little kid. She knew the three women must have had some fun with Dick, but the mom wouldn't say one peep about it.

"Why are there cashews all over the floor?" Rachel asked as the three entered the family room. Natalie knew exactly why.

"Don't ask how they got there, just clean them up," she scolded her daughter. The three were just about to leave for the afternoon, to go shopping, and suddenly they heard splashing in the backyard.

"Wow, Dick's here," Rachel said as she looked out the sliding glass doors.

"Yeah, I told him he can use the pool for the afternoon," Natalie explained.

Rachel had a naughty smile on her face, like she was pondering something.

"Oh, he has a bathing suit on," she whined.

"Uh, that's usually what you wear when you go swimming," Natalie replied.

"Yeah, but last time he was naked," Rachel said, continuing to whine a bit.

"Last time was a one-time deal, young lady. I don't want the entire Boone County police force banging down my door because we have a naked man in our backyard," Natalie said in an annoyed tone. "That created way too big a stir for my taste."

Rachel kicked at the floor.

"But Molly got a kick out of him - even Ms. Cohen did," she said.

"Rachel, just let it go," Natalie said.

The girl reluctantly became silent, and sat down on the sofa as Natalie went through her purse. She then looked over at Adam, and saw he was wearing ratty clothes.

"Adam, sweetie, go get dressed, wear a nice shirt," she told him. Adam didn't bother arguing, and quickly went up to his room.

He figured he would put on a clean pair of everything, and simply got completely naked and went about getting his underwear, socks and undershirt. He heard footsteps coming up the stairs, and figured it was Natalie going into her room. He thought nothing of it.

But suddenly, and without warning, the door to his room flew open, and there was Natalie, looking right at Adam, who happened to be facing the door directly. In shock, Adam just froze, leaving his privates fully exposed. Almost by instinct, Natalie's eyes darted down to his penis, and she let out a big, jovial laugh.

"Oh my," she said with a loud chuckle. "I didn't expect this."

Adam cupped his genitals with his hands, really embarrassed and caught off guard.

"Natalie, what are you doing?" he asked frantically.

"Sweetie, I just thought you were changing your shirt," she said. "I didn't know you would be...completely naked."

He stood there, helpless. She was in no rush to leave.

"Now this is a shirt you can wear," she said, dropping a clean, ironed shirt on the bed. "Hurry up and get changed. We have a lot to do."

She looked down once more at him cupping his genitals, laughed one more time, and left the room.

Adam was still breathing heavily. He shut the door, and just stood there in shock.

'Natalie just saw me naked. Natalie just saw me naked,' was the thought racing through his mind. Once he got past the embarrassment, he kind of liked it. And his penis did show up nicely, for the brief instant she saw it. It had some hang to it, and his balls were also hanging pretty low.

'Could he tell his 'pervert' friends about this little episode?' he thought. No. He would keep it to himself for now.

--------------------------------------

On the way to the mall, there was very little conversation in the car.

"Why is everyone so quiet?" Rachel asked about halfway through the trip. Natalie smiled, and was at first hesitant to say something, but being so amused by the whole thing, she had to speak.

"I saw Adam naked," she said.

"What!" Rachel screamed.

"Natalie!" Adam said, not yet ready for Rachel to know about it.

"It's no big deal," Natalie said, downplaying it at first. "I went in his room, thinking he was only changing his shirt, and..."

"And what?" Rachel asked.

"And...he was naked," Natalie replied. Rachel was loving it.

"He was...naked naked?" the daughter asked.

"Oh yes, naked naked," the mom clarified. "I saw everything."

Rachel now rolled back and forth in the back seat, laughing heartily about this little tidbit of news.

"Yes indeedy," Natalie said very proudly. "I saw Adam's ding-dong."

Adam squirmed down lower in the front passenger seat, feeling so embarrassed in front of the two women.

"Was it big?" Rachel couldn't help but ask.

Natalie gasped at her question.

"Rachel, the size of your stepbrother's penis is not your concern," the mom said sternly. There was a momentary silence.

"But yes, it looks like Adam has a very nice penis," Natalie added. Rachel playfully shoved Adam's shoulder. He couldn't even speak.

"Is he as big as Dick?" Rachel asked, not really asking that question in a serious fashion, more in a comical way. Natalie rolled her eyes.

"Sweetie, there are horses and elephants not as large as Dick," she said jokingly. Even Adam laughed along with them now.

As their journey to the mall was coming to an end, Rachel was now in full-tease mode.

"Natalie saw Adam naked, Natalie saw Adam naked," she said in a sing-song way. She loved poking fun at her shy stepbrother.

His face was beet red, but he wasn't retaliating.

"He's being such a good sport about it," Natalie said. She pinched his cheek and gave him a smile.

---------------------------------------------------

One fine morning, a few days later, Adam was awakened by some rustling about in the upstairs of the house. He figured it was Natalie getting ready for work.

The young man got out of bed, completely naked, as he now slept in the nude. He liked the feel of it. His room felt cold, as the family now used the air conditioner to an extreme, seemingly trying to make up for the weeks in which it felt like a sauna inside the house.

Suddenly, there was a soft knock at the door, and Natalie spoke from the other side of it.

"Adam, honey, are you decent?" she asked. Now, she let Adam know when she was coming in his room. Adam didn't know whether to be happy or sad about that.

He put a blanket around himself for now, and sat on the bed.

"Yeah, Nat, come on in," he said.

The brunette burst into the room, and my God she looked good. She was wearing tight khaki shorts that rode up awfully high, exposing those big gorgeous thighs that were often the center of Adam's attention.

She had a small blue top on that hung down low enough that Adam could see some cleavage, and those big breasts of hers could be made out pretty easily. 'They look like big globes,' the young man thought to himself.

"Sweetie, I talked to Dick and he said he doesn't really need you today," Natalie explained. Adam was excited, for a moment, but it didn't last.

"So I need you to help me out again," Natalie went on. Adam groaned, the way any 18-year-old boy would when chores are mentioned.

"It's not the end of the world, kiddo," she said. She now plopped herself down next to Adam on the bed, and crossed her legs. Jesus, those big tan thighs were right in his face! This wasn't exactly agreeable to him, considering if he gets an erection, which seems inevitable, it's going to be pretty hard to hide with just a few bed sheets draped around him.

"This is our phone bill from last month," Natalie went on. "I need you....to highlight any call that looks weird. Any long distance one, anything suspicious, because our phone bill was way high and I think something must be wrong." That wicked woman - she put the phone bill right on her right thigh, so Adam was forced to look down at those gorgeous legs of hers, and his erection was uncontrollable. What if she asks him to get up?

"Now I need you to do that," she said, now getting back up from the bed. "And also clean this room. It's a mess in here!"

"Yes, ma'am," he said. Natalie retreated out of the room, and Adam got a glimpse of that big, sexy butt of hers, each cheek outlined vividly in those tight, khaki shorts.

When Natalie left, she didn't shut the door all the way, and as it would tend to do, it then slid open wide enough where you could see in and out of the room a bit. Adam was feeling naughty.

He heard Natalie walking back and forth, up and down the hallway, probably carrying laundry and such. He got an idea, and acted on it. He suddenly had a kinky urge to be roaming his room in the nude, and maybe, just maybe, Natalie might peer in when she walks by, and see him in his birthday suit.

He took the sheets off and pushed them away, and rose to his feet. He had a huge erection, maybe the biggest one he's ever had. In his mind, it touched his chin.

It felt so cool to be walking around in the nude, knowing that, on the other side of the door, there was Natalie, who just might catch a glimpse of him.

Adam casually walked over to one of his models, which was sitting on the desk, just a few feet from the partially-opened door. Adam's erection bounced as he walked. He always had erections when he first awoke, but this one was special - seeing Natalie's thighs first thing in the morning had him already dripping some pre-come. He couldn't believe how excited he was.

He fiddled with his model for a few moments, and heard Natalie coming. He instantly had butterflies in his stomach, even like he might throw up, he was so nervous. He felt like a little perv, but he couldn't help himself.

He heard Natalie woosh by the room, and he thought "rats. She didn't see me." He heard her walk by again, with her back turned to the door, and she went into her room.

His erection did not subside though, and he figured he would give it one last shot before getting changed. He waited for a minute, then waited another. Isn't she coming back out?

Then suddenly, his prayers were answered. Natalie came walking down the hall again, and Adam heard the woman come to a sudden, abrupt stop when reaching his door, and she audibly gasped. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Natalie standing there, obviously looking through the doorway, at him. He could almost feel her eyes on his huge erection.

She just stood there, not budging. Suddenly, he heard her giggle, and thought he could hear her mumble "oh boy." She was being really quiet, not wanting Adam to know she was there. But she must be enjoying herself, seeing his young, taut 18-year-old body, with a fierce erection pointing upwards. Just then he heard her start walking again, leaving with another giggle. What also made the experience so hot for Adam was that he figured Natalie thought it was by mistake that Adam was exposed like this, and she just kept looking anyway.

Shy little Adam wouldn't leave his door wide open and be showing off like this would he? Of course not. Natalie figured that this was just due to the flimsy door that didn't shut all the way. And she got to see her stepson naked. It was just starting.

------------------------------------------------

Natalie got home one night, after going to dinner with her new boyfriend, and Adam was in the family room watching some television.

"Hey, twerp," she said as she came into the room, sitting down next to him on the sofa. "Whatcha watchin'?"

"Oh...Circus of the Stars," he said.

"What the hell is that?" she asked.

"Oh, it's...a-a-a-all the Hollywood stars, compete against each other in these circus-type events," he explained, his stutter returning. He was a little nervous being around Natalie, ever since that special morning.

"Well, it's enough of a circus around here," Natalie said. "Do you know Dick was trying to re-shingle the room for us the other day, and nearly fell down into the backyard?"

"Oh, man," Adam replied.

"That Dick is trouble, I'll tell ya'," she said, as she fluffed a couple pillows and tossed them aside. Natalie settled in with Adam and watched T.V. for a bit.

After an hour or so, the two headed up to bed, and Natalie went into her room, and Adam went into the bathroom. He thought he would take a shower before retiring for the night.

He got stripped down, got into the shower, and began washing away. Suddenly, he heard a knock at the bathroom door, and it startled him.

"Yeah?" he asked.

Natalie came in. By instinct, he hid behind the shower curtain.

"Sweetie, if I knew you were gonna get a shower, I would have gotten you clean towels," she said. He stuck his head out, but that was all. Everything else was behind the curtain.

"Here, lemme take your laundry," she said as she picked up his clothes, "and these dirty towels," she said as she picked them up off the floor, "and I'll run these down to the laundry room, and come back up with some fresh towels. Okay?"

It sounded fine, and Adam nodded. Although in effect, and to this day he could never figure out if she did it on purpose, Adam was left with nothing to hide his nudity.

Natalie didn't return right away, and Adam kept on showering for another 20 minutes, until finally he was ready to come out. Just a few seconds after the water stopped, that was Natalie's cue, and she again knocked on the door.

Adam figured 'oh, she'll hand me the towel through the door.' Wrong.

The door flew open, and Adam was standing there completely naked, and feeling a bit on the shy side at this time, he coweringly cupped his genitals.

Natalie laughed, and waved her had like it was no big deal she had seen him naked again.

"Oh, I've seen you," she said.

He was starting to get excited again with her behavior, which involved her imposing on his privacy any time she felt like it. She did it in such a subtle way, but it was there.

"Here," she said, handing him the towel. "Dry off with this, and here are some clean pajamas."

"But I sleep naked," he said. He couldn't believe he told her that.

"Oh," she replied, surprised and taken off guard. "Well, I'll just put these in your room then." But she didn't leave. She stayed and made conversation.

Adam dried off, with a growing erection now fully exposed. It bounced around as he frantically dried the other parts of his body.

"You look a lot like your father," Natalie said with a big smile. Although it was a tragic loss when Stan had passed away so young, they all remembered him fondly. And Natalie noticed a certain part of Adam's anatomy that rekindled a memory.

"What do you mean?" Adam asked as he continued to dry off. She laughed, and covered her face, like she was embarrassed for noticing such a thing.

"Your penises," she said. "Your dorks," she added, trying to be silly and make him feel more comfortable. "I can't help but notice your penis reminds me of your father. I mean your penis reminds me of his penis," she said, stumbling. They both laughed.

He now took the towel away, and stood there, arms at his side, with a towering erection now sticking straight up. He did this so she could have an unobstructed view.

"Oh my," she said. "What a strong, young man you are." Natalie shook her head, and seemingly feeling guilty about looking at her stepson in this state of affairs, she retreated from the bathroom.

"Well I will see you in the morning," she said. "Get a good night sleep."

Adam, in fact, couldn't sleep. At least until he was forced to masturbate. His step mom had gotten him so worked up, he had to relieve himself of his urges. When he climaxed, some of his load splashed up onto his face. He wished Natalie had seen him do that.

He looked forward to seeing her again the next morning.

----------------------------------------

It was a Sunday. Natalie and Adam were both off, and Dick had driven Rachel to aerobics. Adam was sleeping in, but Natalie came up and tried to get him out of bed.

She knocked first, then asked if he was awake. He mumbled a few things, and she said she would be back to make sure he was awake and out of bed. She wanted his help in the backyard.

About 20 minutes later, Adam finally got out of bed and stood there, naked, trying to stretch out. He was kind of out of it. But thoughts of Natalie rushed into his head, and he again had an impressive erection.

He thought Natalie was in the backyard, thus there was no need to rush to get dressed. But she was actually in the very next room, and Adam heard her coming towards the door, but didn't have time to react.

The door flew open, and again Natalie was treated to the sight of her nude stepson.

"Well gee willikers," she said with a big smile. "We're making quite a habit of meeting each other like this aren't we?" And there was that rich laughter again, which drove Adam wild. Before he could even recover, she spoke again.

"Well I can see one part of you that's wide awake," she said, eying his huge erection. His face turned bright red, and he instinctively tried to cover his big hard-on.

"Oh don't cover it up, sweetie. Show it off," she said. "That's something to be proud of." Her teasing was relentless.

He stood there facing her. He was fully naked. She was fully clothed. And she was actually drawing attention to his wang, not diverting it away.

"You must really be excited about helping me out with my yard work," she said, further poking fun at his aroused state.

He couldn't even speak.

"You gonna dig holes with that thing?" she asked jokingly. She was so nonchalant about the whole thing.

She kept on looking at his penis, all the time with a big smile.

"Well, get dressed," she said. She didn't leave the room. She sat down on the bed and relaxed.

"I have to warn you, sweetie, it is awfully hot today," she said.

He stumbled around his room, walking in between piles and piles of clothes. His erection bounced all over the place, right in Natalie's view.

"I thought I told you to clean your room," she said with a jovial laugh. "My goodness, how do you even find anything in here?"

In fact, he was struggling to find his underwear. And a clean undershirt, or a clean anything. He didn't even know where to look.

"I feel bad for Ms. Cohen's dog," Natalie went on. "I saw her walking him outside. Poor thing. It's so hot, that French poodle is gonna become a French fry." And again she went on laughing. 

bynatalieprendergast©

"Get it?" she asked Adam.

"Yes, very funny," he replied, not amused. He was too busy trying to find clean clothes.

"Oh why so glum?" she asked him. She just sat there on the bed, legs crossed, bouncing her foot up and down. She was wearing those khaki shorts again, and Adam's attention now shifted from trying to find clothes to just staring at her legs.

"Hey, dingbat," Natalie said, snapping her fingers to get his attention. "Where are your clothes? You can't go outside with your willy showing. Especially the way it is now..."

He had a hard-on that pointed towards the ceiling.

"I...I don't think I have anything clean," he stammered.

Natalie continued to sit there, but then reluctantly got up and took action.

"Ugh," she said. "Follow me."

He hesitated for a minute, like he felt he should put something on. But Natalie wasn't waiting.

"Come on," she said. "Let's go. What are you waiting for?"

He followed her out of the room, completely nude. He felt weird walking around the house completely naked, so he covered his privates.

The two walked all the way downstairs, around to the other side of the house, and into the laundry room. Natalie headed for two piles of laundry.

"Here," she said. "Take these two piles up to your room. I just haven't had time to take them up there yet."

She handed him the one pile, and he managed to hold that, while still having one hand covering his junk. But when she handed him the other pile...

Natalie waited for him to raise his other hand. To do this, his privates would be exposed. He was reluctant to remove his hand from that area, much to Natalie's chagrin.

She grew impatient, before finally chastising him.

"For goodness sake, sweetie," she said. "I've seen your dick."

The words shot through him like spears. Natalie had never used such a harsh slang term when referring to his anatomy. It shocked him, but he would be lying if he said he didn't enjoy it. He removed his hand, took hold of the laundry, and Natalie lightened up a bit.

"Sorry, hon, but you're not getting shy on me are you?" she asked.

"No," he replied. He held the laundry in his hands, with a big erection exposed underneath. Natalie looked him over to make sure had a firm grip of everything, and also glanced down at his boner. She took a long look at it, like she had no guilt now about enjoying his nudity. And it was as if she had every right to see him naked, but Adam getting to see her naked? It remained a pipe dream.

"Now, take these up to your room," Natalie instructed, "and also take this."

It was a bag containing a pack of new undershirts that Natalie had bought Adam at the mall the other day. He had no hands left, and putting it on top of the laundry might cause it to fall right off. There was one option left.

"Here," Natalie said with a big laugh. Adam couldn't believe what he felt. Natalie was putting the handle of the plastic bag around his hardened penis, so he could carry the item. She didn't in fact touch his erection, but came as close to it as she possibly could have. And now she was blatantly drawing attention to it, all the while making her innovation seem totally practical.

"When you have no arms left, just use your dick," she said with a big laugh. Her using the "d" word so freely was making it hard for Adam to even walk. He felt he needed to sit down, and have a moment to himself. His erection felt like it might break through the skin.

"Come on, buster, move it," she said. "Take all that stuff up and come back down. I want you to take Rachel's stuff up to her room too." God, if Rachel could see him like this, Adam thought to himself.

As Adam began moving, the bag containing the undershirts swung to and fro, just like his erection. Natalie got a big kick out of it.

Adam hustled and bustled his way to the steps, so excited about what had now become routine nudity in his step mom's presence. So excited, he fell on the way up the steps, creating a big thud. But he battled through, and got up the stairway and put the laundry away.

He reluctantly got dressed - he would have just assumed go back downstairs naked, but he didn't want to press his luck. He put on a red polo shirt and a pair of khaki shorts, and headed into the kitchen.

"You okay, sweetie?" Natalie asked. "I thought I heard a big thump."

Adam shrugged it off. He now became more open with Natalie.

"I didn't know you'd have me carrying laundry with my dick," he said.

Natalie bent over laughing.

"Well I was just trying to save you a trip, sweetie," she said. She folded a few more things, and started handing him a few more piles of laundry.

"Now here," she said. "Take these up to Rachel's room, and try not to fall this time."

He smirked, and balanced the two huge piles in his hands.

"You don't have to use your dick this time," she added with a laugh, keeping the joke going. "Just hurry up. We have a lot of work to do."

----------------------------------------

After a ton of yard work, Natalie and Adam decided to relax in the pool. They sat down on the steps leading into the pool, so that the water came up to about their midsections, and they could sit back and recline.

Natalie was wearing a black bathing suit with purple stripes, a pretty snazzy one. And Adam complimented her on it. He loved seeing her in a bathing suit.

There was one divine moment when she arose out of the water for a second, and Adam could swear he saw one of her whiskers poking out of the crotch of her suit. He wanted to see her bush so badly.

But it was his anatomy that soon became the topic of discussion.

"Well I've sure gotten to know you a lot better over the last few weeks, haven't I," she said triumphantly.

He nodded, shyly.

"You've seen one, you've seen 'em all, sweetie," she said. "You don't need to feel weird about me seeing you naked. It's no big deal."

He splashed the water around a little, to ease the tension in an awkward moment.

Ms. Cohen's French poodle barked its head off next door.

"My goodness, Pierre's really having a fit, isn't he," Natalie said aloud. She now hummed for a bit, then lightly sang a few lines of "I just want to be your everything," by Andy Gibb, who wasn't Adam's favorite singer. But he didn't mind her singing the song, as long as he got to sit down next to her and continue to check out her legs.

"Well today was an eventful day, to say the least," she said with a laugh. "We picked everything out of the garden that needed to go in, we got all the laundry done...I saw you naked again," she added, teasing him. He smiled.

"Will I ever get to see you naked?" he asked. He couldn't believe he just said that. He could smack himself right now, or kick himself in the ass. It just came out though, his longtime fantasy forcing its way out of his head, and through his lips, into the verbal form. He was already embarrassed for saying it.

Natalie, with grace, smiled at him. It was a sympathetic smile, as if to say she understood his desire to see her nude, but that smile was also saying 'no way in Hell, buddy boy.' She was an experienced woman when it came to sexual matters, and he was just a boy. He wasn't yet worthy of seeing Natalie nude, if indeed he ever got to see her naked at all.

But her smile did ease the tension he created with his ill-fated blunder of the mouth. She pinched his cheek, as she often did, and rose out of the pool, her ass right in his face for a brief instant.

"Sweetie, I'll be back, I'm just gonna go wee-wee," she said. He remained in the pool, still mad at himself for pressing the issue a bit. He had hoped Natalie wasn't upset with him.

"God, the one thing I hate about one-piece suits is when you have to pee," she said as she returned, getting back in the pool. "I had to take the whole thing off for goodness sake."

He thought of her taking off that bathing suit, and the vision slowed his response. Before Adam could answer...

"But the one-piece suits do have their advantages," she went on. "The adolescent girl in me still thinks of it as an advantage over the boys."

Adam didn't exactly know what she implied.

"Like you could yank down a boys' swim trunks pretty easily," she said, sipping a margarita she had prepared earlier. The buzz was setting in. "But you can't exactly do that to a girl."

Now he knew what she meant. And she explained further.

"When I was younger - oh my God I can't believe I'm telling you this," she said, sitting closer to him now and talking quieter. "I was friends with this girl, Marcy, who had a huge swimming pool in her backyard, and Marcy would always invite me and a few other girls from the neighborhood over to swim."

Adam was sitting there patiently, listening to her every word.

"Well anyways, there was also this pest that lived next door - his name was Jonathan Rogers," Natalie said, the name burned in her memory. "He was a real nuisance, but Marcy, being a nice girl, let him come over and swim."

Adam was getting more and more interested.

"Well, we were...I wanna say 19 or 20 at the time, and Jonathan must have been your age," she said. "He could be a real prick, I mean, a real prick."

Adam gulped as the story gained more steam.

"Let me get to the good stuff, sweetie. Marcy had some big boobs," Natalie said. Adam couldn't help but laugh. "I mean, they were big. Bigger than mine even, and I have some nice ones."

"Yes you do," he said, almost by reflex. She smiled at him.

"But she had really big boobs, and she, unlike myself, would wear these flimsy two-piece bikinis that barely held her in place, if you know what I mean," Natalie said. "Anyways, the one day, we're all swimming, and Jonathan, being the pest that he was, pulls on the back of Marcy's top, and lo and behold, her boobs just come right out."

"Oh my God," Adam said, feeling his penis start to harden.

"Now luckily," Natalie explained, "he was standing behind her when he did it, so by the time he swam around to have a looksey, she had covered herself with her arms - barely."

"Oh man," Adam gushed.

"Of course we all screamed at Jonathan and told him to get lost," she said. "Can you imagine? How embarrassed Marcy must have been?"

Adam just shook his head. He wished he had been alive that day and been there to see her huge tits.

"But oh, we got our revenge, that's for sure," Natalie said proudly.

Adam begged to hear more.

"There was a family barbecue at Marcy's a couple weeks later, and I wanna say...about 20 or so people, maybe 30, were there," Natalie went on. "Jonathan was invited, simply to serve the purpose of us getting back at him."

Adam gulped nervously.

"Jonathan had a tendency to show off," Natalie said, taking another sip of her drink. "And at one point in the afternoon, he goes up to the diving board to do a dive. And he goes out of his way to draw all the attention to himself."

Adam nodded, anticipating what came next.

"Well...just as he is about to dive in, Marcy runs up behind him on the diving board, and yanks down his swim trunks," Natalie recanted with glee. "And no, he was not wearing anything underneath."

"Holy shit," Adam couldn't help but say. He cursed, but Natalie let it slide. She just continued with her story.

"His you know what just flops right on out," she said. Adam almost shot his load right there. "Just about everyone at the barbecue was staring."

She paused for affect.

"Staring right at his penis," she said. Adam could feel his penis wanting to be stroked. It yearned for release.

"Now even I thought this type of revenge was a little extreme," Natalie said, "considering poor Jonathan didn't even get to see Marcy's boobs."

Adam could barely speak.

"That must have been crazy," Adam remarked.

"Oh it was a scene," Natalie remembered proudly. "Girls were screaming, parents were hiding their kids' eyes from it, moms told their daughters to look away, all the while getting a chuckle out of it themselves."

Natalie now gave into unrelenting laughter, almost reliving the experience. "Poor guy just froze," she said. "He must have stood there for a good 10 seconds before he could even move."

"W-where were you?" Adam asked.

"I was on the deck, standing about 10 feet away," she said. "I had a great view of the whole thing."

Adam couldn't help but urge her to be more descriptive of the scene.

"Was he big?" he asked. She smiled.

"He actually had a pretty big penis," she said casually. "Little twerp actually had a nice-sized wiener, I have to give it to him. Looked like it hung down pretty far. Considering the poor thing was petrified at the time, he didn't have an erection, but it still looked like a pretty good size."

Adam had to adjust himself to hide his erection.

"So what happened after that?" he asked.

"Well, Marcy's parents let her have it, Jonathan finally pulled his trunks back up, and we had a great story to tell for years and years," she said. "Let that be a lesson to you. Don't go around pulling girls' tops off."

"Yes, ma'am," he said.

Natalie went right back to swimming after telling that wicked story, and Adam decided to join her.

"What happened to Jonathan after that day?" he asked.

"Oh," Natalie answered. "He was fine. A lot more respectful towards us girls. And Marcy told him if he ever wanted to swim at her pool again, he had to swim naked."

"You guys got naked?" he asked.

"No, silly," she answered. "Just him. We had our suits on."

"Did he do it?" Adam asked.

"Oh he did it," Natalie said with a laugh. "He didn't have a choice. She had the only pool in the neighborhood."

Adam couldn't imagine swimming nude in front of a bunch of girls, especially ones as outgoing as Natalie.

"After a while, he got used to us seeing his penis," Natalie remembered with a chuckle. "It was no big deal."

Adam was feeling a bit on the playful side, and wanted to see how far he could push Natalie.

"Bet you couldn't yank my trunks down," he teased her, swimming away. He didn't know if she would bite, but she did.

"Don't test me, young man," she said. The alcohol had caused her to be a bit more playful than usual. She was now giving chase, walking over to him. Every time he tried to swim away, she calmly walked towards him, gaining ground. It was a classic cat-and-mouse game.

"Oh my God, look up there," Natalie said, pointing to the oak tree in the back yard. Adam actually fell for her diversion, and as he looked up, she went underwater and yanked his bathing suit right off, not only pulling it down, but pulling it down below his feet and off his body.

She returned to the surface, victorious.

"Okay, okay, lemme have them back," Adam said, covering up his penis.

"You want these back, huh?" she teased, holding them high above her head. "You gonna clean your room?"

She was using his trunks as a bargaining device.

"Yes, yes, I'll clean my room," he said. She had an unconvinced look on her face, but decided to give in. To be funny, she tossed the trunks out of the pool, but underestimated her strength.

They sailed out of the pool, and over the fence. Into Ms. Cohen's backyard.

Natalie clenched her mouth, surprised at what she did.

"Oh dear," she said. She told Adam to wait in the pool, and when she peered over the fence, she didn't like what she saw. Adam could hear Pierre, the little French poodle, growling and carrying on.

Natalie came back into the pool, and tried to stifle her laughter.

"Adam, sweetie," she began. "Pierre tore your swimsuit to pieces."

He had a look of shock and dismay.

"He thinks it's a chew toy," Natalie explained, with a smile. "I could get it back but I don't know if you'd want it back to be honest."

The dog was still carrying on. Adam could actually hear the little rat tearing apart his swimsuit.

"Why don't you wait here, and I'll go get Ms. Cohen," Natalie said. Adam played it cool. He was shocked Natalie had ripped off his swimming trunks in the first place, and now he was wading in the pool, completely naked.

He expected Natalie to come back with what was left of his bathing suit, but instead she came back with Ms. Cohen.

The two chatted away at the entrance to the backyard, and then slowly began walking over to the deck. Adam could hear Natalie's flip-flops flipping and flopping as they got closer.

'Why is she bringing Ms. Cohen over to the pool?' Adam thought as he covered himself, and swam to the side to hide his nakedness.

Now the two women walked up onto the deck. 'Has Natalie lost her mind? I'm naked!' Adam's inner voice screamed out.

"So you lost your bathing suit?" Ms. Cohen asked. Adam nodded, embarrassed beyond belief. Ms. Cohen was his third-grade teacher for crying out loud.

"Adam, sweetie, why don't you come out of the pool, and show Ms. Cohen how much you've grown," Natalie calmly suggested. Adam couldn't believe it.

He did nothing. The two women stared at him, awaiting his move.

"I'm...I'm naked," he said.

"Well of course you are, darling," Natalie said. "It's okay - Ms. Cohen has seen her share of wieners."

Adam couldn't believe this. Not only was Natalie fully comfortable with enforcing his nudity when she was around, but now she was using his nudity as amusement for her and her neighbor as well.

Adam bashfully climbed out of the pool, grabbing the ladder as he did so. This allowed his penis to swing freely between his legs, and Ms. Cohen had herself a good, long look at his equipment.

"Oh my, you have grown," Ms. Cohen said.

"I'm almost six feet tall now, ma'am," Adam answered.

"Oh yes, you are very tall too," she said, implying that his height wasn't exactly what she was referring to. Natalie started laughing so hard, she had to sit down.

"I haven't seen you naked since Natalie showed me your baby pictures," Ms. Cohen said. Adam looked to Natalie to jump into the conversation, but she was too busy having a good laugh.

"It looked like a little tic-tac back then," the woman went on. He knew what she was referring to - she was staring right at it!

Adam had to say something to break the tension.

"Yeah, it's definitely gotten bigger since then," he said. Ms. Cohen just stared at his penis, which had now grown into a full erection.

"Well my, look at that. Looks like it's pointing up towards the Heavens," she said.

Natalie voiced her opinion on the matter as well.

"That is some boner you have there, buddy boy," she teased him. Adam had nothing else to do but stand there and try to make conversation, while he was completely naked and could feel the women's stares on his penis.

Ms. Cohen suddenly gasped.

"Sheesh, those are some nuts you have there, young man," she said, referring to the huge sack that Adam had swinging between his legs. He hadn't been able to masturbate in quite some time, and all Natalie's teasing had created quite a build-up.

"He does have big balls," Natalie confirmed. They hung down like two huge walnuts.

"Mama mia, those are some balls," Ms. Cohen went on. Adam stood there proudly, enjoying the women's fascination with his testicles.

"Adam, sweetie, come closer. Let Ms. Cohen hold your nuts," Natalie said. It sounded so filthy, and yet the women were so casual.

"Well I didn't say I wanted to touch them but...," Ms. Cohen said, trailing off. She figured she might as well give them a feel.

"I'll be gentle, sweetie," she said, cupping his big nuts in her hand.

"Now turn your head and cough please," she said jokingly. Adam and Natalie both cracked up.

Ms. Cohen bounced his testicles in her hand, weighing them.

"My God, they're heavy," Ms. Cohen said. "Natalie, darling, feel these."

Natalie was hesitant at first to touch her own stepson's balls, but she gave into the urge. She too was amazed with their weight. Her touch was so arousing, as she gently held Adam's balls in her hand. 

"Cripes. They are heavy," Natalie agreed, bouncing them up and down in her hand. "Don't you masturbate, sweetie?"

"Um...," he said, hesitating to answer.

"Oh, all guys do it," Natalie said. "Don't be ashamed...Don't you beat your meat?"

"Bop your baloney?" Ms. Cohen asked. Natalie laughed.

"Spank your monkey?" she added.

"Yes, yes, I masturbate," Adam answered. The two women were skeptical.

"Well maybe you need some instruction on how to do it right," Ms. Cohen teased. Adam wouldn't mind if one day the women offered their help in the matter.

"Now, sweetie, what are you majoring in at Indiana?" Ms. Cohen asked him in a serious fashion.

"Um, I still haven't decided," he answered. She tried to offer advice.

"Whatever you pick, stick with it," the teacher said. "Your course load is probably going to be pretty heavy that first year, or at least seem pretty heavy compared to what you have in high school."

Even as she spoke to him, she snuck glances down at his penis.

"Do you know where you're staying yet?" the woman asked him.

"Yes, ma'am, I have my dorm room already and everything," he answered.

"Well good for you," she said. He still had an erection, even as the three made casual conversation about what lie ahead for him in the academic world.

"Sweetie, Ms. Cohen could use some help mowing her lawn this week. Think you could fit that into your schedule, along with helping out Dick?" Natalie asked.

"Oh, how is Dick?" Ms. Cohen asked with a girlish giggle.

"Dick is Dick. He's the same as he ever is - he's fine," Natalie said.

"Quite a large man, that Dick," Ms. Cohen teased on.

"Oh, he's one big hanging man, that's for sure," Natalie replied. Adam feared he might shoot his load right then and there.

"C-can I get dressed?" Adam asked. The two women giggled at his nervous stutter, knowing they had made him awfully embarrassed. They watched with smiles as his penis bounced around as he ran into the house.

---------------------------------------------------

Over the next few days, Adam tried to hang out at his house as much as possible. Natalie often urged him to invite over some friends and they could use the pool, but for now he wanted to keep her all to himself.

Adam got in the habit of taking extraordinarily long showers in the morning, just so Natalie might be forced to walk in on him. It was sort of immature on his part, but he didn't care.

One morning, Natalie was in a hurry to get to work, and Adam had been in the shower for close to a half hour. Suddenly, the door came flying open.

"Adam, sweetie, are you in there?" Natalie asked as she walked in, then not so gently pulled the shower curtain back. She saw him standing underneath the hot water, and now he turned to face her.

"For goodness sake, I thought you were drowning - not even Rachel takes showers as long as you," Natalie said.

"Sorry, Nat," he said. She gave no thought to his nudity as she began giving him instructions for the day. She was already dressed for work, wearing a short black skirt and white blouse. She had not yet put on her heels, as her cute, little feet were also in Adam's view.

"I need you to go to the bank for me - just give your name and they'll know what it's for," she told him. He nodded after each instruction.

"Then I need you to go to the store and buy whatever you think we will need for the barbecue on Saturday - Dick is going to barbecue but he said he won't have time to shop - neither will I," she said.

Even though she wasn't yet looking down at his penis, Adam began to get an erection. He could feel the tension as his penis was exposed to her, like her presence created these waves of sexual energy that pulsed right through him.

"Then, when you're done that," Natalie said. "I need you to clean your room. And I mean, clean your room. When company is over on Saturday, I don't want anybody walking by your room and seeing what a disaster it is. Understand?"

"Yes, ma'am," he said.

"Okay, good," she answered him. There was now a brief silence, as she looked him square in the eye. He was waiting for her to check him out. As if on cue, her eyes glanced downward.

And she did a double take. She was surprised this casual conversation had brought on a towering erection.

"Adam?!" she asked in a surprised tone.

"I-I'm sorry," he stuttered. "It just does that when I'm excited."

"I know how erections work, Adam," she said in a snide tone. She just kept staring at it, which wasn't helping the situation.

She kept looking and looking, only making it stand up prouder, like his erection was saluting her. After a few moments of uncomfortable silence, she finally said something.

"Adam, sweetie," Natalie began. "Some men, especially boys your age...think with their little head instead of the big one."

He was sort of confused for a second, and Natalie was quick to clarify.

"They think with this head," she said, pointing to the end of his hardened penis. "They don't use this one up here," she added, pointing to the head on his shoulders.

He nodded.

"Don't be one of those guys," she said.

Her advice was well taken, but that still didn't do much for his erection, which had only gained strength.

"My goodness," she said. The water showering down splashed off the turgid member.

"I'm sorry, Natalie. It's just...you're so beautiful," he told her. It was the first time he ever told her that. "I-I-I can't stop thinking about your thighs."

She gave him a surprised look.

"My thighs?" she asked. "That's what this is all about?" she asked, pointing to his erection.

He was now a little embarrassed, but he was being completely honest with her. He nodded.

She finally smiled a little.

"I'm flattered, Adam," she said. "To tell you the truth, I thought they were getting too big."

"No!" he belted out. "They're perfect." He did in fact adore her huge, well-rounded thighs. Not an ounce of fat on them, just soft, supple womanly flesh that was so teasingly yummy for young Adam to behold.

"Well," she said. "I guess I'll take your word for it." It wasn't just Adam who worshipped her - Natalie got attention from men of all ages. But she sometimes needed some reassuring.

"You're not putting me on? You really like my thighs...that much?" she asked him. He could only nod.

"Well...," she said in a long, drawn-out fashion. "If your dick is any indication..."

There was that word again. No matter how many times Natalie used that word in front of Adam, it always had the same powerful affect.

"That thing just doesn't want to go down, does it?" she asked with a laugh.

"No, ma'am," he answered her. His matter-of-factness only made her chuckle more.

"Do you always have an erection. When you build models for instance?" she asked. Before he could answer...

"Do you stand around with a huge, towering boner?" she asked, as she now turned off the water. She figured Adam had showered long enough.

Her teasing and crude words were making his prick want to pop its cork.

"Or when you went to see Star Wars for the 8 millionth time?" she further kidded him. "Does your rod stand straight up when you're sitting there in the theatre?"

He continued to blush, and just shook his head. All sorts of things were running through his mind. Of all the things he could say at the moment, all he could get out was...

"What's your favorite word for penis?" he asked. The question took Natalie by surprise. He already felt like a pervert for asking her such a silly question, but it at least prolonged the conversation.

She smiled.

"I, uh, I don't have a problem with any of them," she said with a smile that gave way into a hearty laugh. "I think they're all very entertaining."

He was relieved she humored him by answering the question.

"I think schlong has always been an underestimated one, doncha' think?" she asked Adam. "You don't hear that term enough. Schlong. Just sounds so funny."

Natalie ran her hands through her hair, then when she brought them down to her waist, her left hand accidentally brushed his erection.

"Oops," she said. His hard-on bounced from the sudden impact. Pre-come now oozed from the hole of his penis, and had collected in a small puddle on the huge head of his cock.

Natalie, who was used to seeing Dick's swinging dork on a regular basis, was still impressed by Adam's organ. So much so that her intrigue forced her to do something surprising to herself, and to young Adam.

"Let me, uh, wait here one second," she told him. Adam stood there in the shower. He realized it was silly for him to be standing there, so he came out and stood next to the sink.

After a few minutes, Natalie finally returned. She had something in a small bag.

"I finally bought a tape measure for some different things in the house," she said. "I would always just use Dick's, but when Dick isn't around..."

Adam watched her casually open the package that the tape measure came in.

"What are going to measure?" he asked, although he pretty much knew the answer.

"Have you ever measured your penis, sweetie?" she asked her step son.

He had done it a few times, but told her 'no.'

"You wouldn't mind if I did, would you?" she asked, even though she was already in the process of doing so. "Just kind of curious to see..."

There was no doubt Adam wouldn't get short-changed. His erection stood up harder and prouder than ever before. Natalie stopped for a second though, and pulled the tape away.

"Come here, sweetie," she said, urging him forward. She put the toilet seat down and took a seat, crossing her legs.

"I'm so tired I have to sit down when I do this," she said with a laugh. Adam could see her thighs better now that she was sitting down, with one leg resting on the other. He feared his penis might start to spasm, and he would shoot his load all over his step mom.

"That's it, just stand there, with your dick pointing towards me," she told him calmly. She didn't really have to instruct him what to do, but he didn't mind.

She reeled out the yellow tape, but then it went flying back into the spool, with a loud crack.

"Oops," she said. "I guess you have to clamp it down with this thingy." Adam was hoping she would get the hang of using the tape measure in a hurry - all he wanted to do was jerk his cock. And he was afraid to do that right in front of her.

"Okay...looks like...about six inches long - not bad," she said. "I've definitely seen bigger but, not bad."

He was so nervous. He felt like his penis was being inspected and critiqued, but with his step mom's gentle and arousing touch, he was enjoying it.

"Lemme measure the girth," she said. "Because I think...see, yep, six inches around. That's pretty big."

Adam was glad she was impressed.

"See that's what makes your cock seem more substantial," she said openly. "Six inches is pretty darn thick."

He looked down at his organ, almost thanking it for putting on a good display.

"Thickness is really important," she said. She reeled in the tape measure, and again it made a loud thwack as it went back into its housing. "You'll make a woman very happy some day, sweetie," she said, eyeing his thick cock.

She crossed her legs again. 'Damn her!' Adam thought to himself. He really might shoot off now. He had to change his stance to fight off the impending release of come. He tried to make small talk.

"H-how big do you think Dick is?" he asked with a laugh. It took her a second to understand what he meant. She was daydreaming a bit.

"Oh, Dick? His penis is 11 and a half inches long," she said plainly.

Adam loved how she knew the exact figure, and how she said it without hesitation, like she was proud to know such a special man.

"Yeah, he...he definitely lives up to his name," she said with that hearty laugh again. "He definitely has one whopper of a dick, that's for sure."

Seemingly any question Adam asked his step mom, she answered it without embarrassment. It was so great. He really did start to fall in love with this woman. All those years of growing up with her and Rachel, he never knew that buried deep inside him was this passion for a CFNM lifestyle, and like an egg finally hatching, the Summer of '77 had given way to Adam indulging his secret fetish. And Natalie, and soon Rachel, were the vehicles he would use to reach a state of euphoria.

"The other thing," Natalie went on, looking at her watch, "is you do have some pretty big balls - like Ms. Cohen pointed out the other day."

Natalie had no problem reaching out and taking hold of his sack again, like she did the other day at the pool.

"God, these things are heavy!" she said. "And look how far they hang down," she said, letting them drop. It was a comical sight seeing the sack drop back down between his legs, and she did it a few times to indulge her amusement.

"Those are some big ol' balls you got there buddy boy," she said. "You might need a suitcase to carry those things."

She was having some fun with him, and Adam let her enjoy herself. His balls did in fact loom large, like freakishly oversized grapes.

"They must hang down a good four inches," Natalie commented. She then even measured, and was right on the money with her estimate.

"See, when you have huge balls, that makes your entire package seem that much bigger, and more appealing to the eye," she went on.

Adam ran out of things to say. And Natalie was running late.

"You do masturbate, don't you sweetie?" Natalie asked him. She had asked him the other day, but now persisted.

"Yes," he said, somewhat embarrassed. But again, he was being honest.

"I'm gonna have to take your word for it goofball," she said. "Those things look ready to burst! I hope you're not keeping everything pent up inside you is all."

He just stood there, not knowing what to say. It had been a few days since he "jerked it," and Natalie's teasing was only making the buildup that much more intense.

"Well, sweetie, this is all very interesting, but I do in fact have to go to work," she said. He just stood there motionless as Natalie retreated from the bathroom.

She left the door half open as she left, which only turned him on more. The thought that she gave no regards to his privacy, the thought of her actually measuring his penis...he couldn't take it anymore.

Adam wasn't even able to make it to his room. He was going to have to relieve his pain - right there in the bathroom.

He stood facing the door, and took hold of his dork. He began jerking it fiercely with his right hand, grabbing on tight and stroking it up and down with intensity.

He began to imagine Natalie seeing him through the half-open door. And in fact she walked by just then, but didn't see him. He kept right on stroking his cock. 'Oh what a naughty boy I am,' he thought to himself as he did the dirty deed.

He now switched hands to prolong the experience, stroking his enormous hard-on with his left hand now. 'Just sitting there with your big gorgeous thighs, teasing me all the live long day,' he said in an angry passion, thinking of Natalie.

He now went back to his right hand, and he knew he was getting close. He could feel his balls getting ready to shoot out an ocean of come, and he imagined it shooting all over the door in front of him, like he was painting it.

"Adam?" he heard Natalie call out. She was coming to the bathroom!

"Are you still in there? What are you - oh my God!" she said as she opened the door all the way, and was treated to the sight of her step son furiously beating his meat.

"I can't stop, please don't make me stop!" he screamed. It was as if his dick had taken control of his arm, and would not let it go. He had to keep stroking his big pecker, right in view of his gorgeous step mom.

Natalie just stood there with her hand over her mouth, as she was both shocked and amazed.

"What has gotten into you, young man?" she asked with a laugh.

"I can't stop, please don't make me stop," he said again. He had to relieve the pent-up man juice in his oversized balls.

"Okay, okay, I won't make you stop," Natalie said soothingly. And she wasn't leaving either. She just stood at the entrance to the doorway, watching her step son beat off. She could have easily just closed the door and walked away, but there she was, watching every stroke.

"Oh my God," Adam said as he felt his orgasm overcome him. Almost to the degree of volcanic proportions, his penis pumped forth a thick, hot stream of come that was so powerful and so substantial, it shot forth a good 12 feet or so and landed on the object of Adam's affection - his step mom's thighs.

Natalie felt like she had been drenched by something, and just as she looked down, another thick stream of come splashed onto her tan thighs, just below her skirt.

"Adam!?" she cried out, not even believing what she was seeing, or feeling, and an impossible third shot of semen erupted from Adam's cock and this time it splattered onto her skirt. Now she was more impressed than anything.

"Jesus, fuck, Adam," she said, now giving into hysterical laughter. He had never heard her use the f-word in his presence, but she couldn't help it. She now backed up, and a fourth shot of come came shooting out of his prick, and this time it splashed onto her ankles. She backed up some more, and a fifth shot of come drenched her cute, little feet. There was no escaping the wrath of his penis. Adam's huge balls kept pumping forth load after load of sticky, white come.

Natalie could in fact just leave the bathroom altogether, but she was driven to continue watching this display. By doing so, she couldn't avoid being in the line of fire. She now tried to get behind him, and as she tried to ease by the young man, a thick spurt of come hit her in the belly, drenching her blouse.

"Oh for crying out loud," she said with a laugh. Adam's penis pumped out a few more small dribbles of semen, just as Natalie put her hand on his shoulder.

"Is it all done?" she asked him, looking down at his penis, which had now reduced itself to a semi-erect state.

"I'm so sorry, Natalie, I couldn't help it," he said. She let out a big laugh.

"Seems like your dick had a hold of you rather than you having a hold of your dick," she further teased him. Natalie stood before him now, drenched in come. It was everywhere - on her blouse, her skirt, her thighs, running down her legs, her ankles, her feet...

"Well, besides the fact that you are going to buy me a new outfit for work, and you are now grounded for the week, that was pretty impressive," she said. She wasn't that mad at him, but enjoyed disciplining the boy. And in effect that kept him around more for her entertainment.

"I'm sorry," he apologized again. She waved him off.

"No, no, don't worry about it. It happens," she said. "Plus you've made me late for work, but that's alright."

He stood there, his soft penis now dripping come.

"You know I have to tell you," she began. "At one time or another, I have seen Dick masturbate..."

Adam's eyes got big.

"Don't ask me how or why, but it has happened on occasion," Natalie said, followed by that intoxicating, rich laughter of hers. "And I have to tell you sweetie, as you can imagine, Dick is a big shooter."

Adam winced a bit at the description, but enjoyed his step mom's candid banter.

"I never thought I would see any guy shoot as much as Dick, but you...you might give him a run for his money," she said. "Might have to line you two up side by side and see who has the more powerful gun! Ha!"

She was only kidding, but the image she created in Adam's mind had him dreaming of such a contest, where he could show off in front of Natalie.

"He definitely has you on size. Yours is like a popgun compared to Dick's bazooka," she said with a chuckle. "But it must be those huge balls of yours - that was quite a fireworks display you put on for me."


As Adam calmed down, he finally got dressed. Natalie actually got down to a bra and panties while he was still in the room, but then she gently pushed him out the door before she got into the shower.

Adam walked out to the living room and collapsed onto the sofa. Rachel then came out of her room for the first time that day, and came flying down the steps.

She was dressed in a leotard, with a funny smirk on her face.

"What are you doing?" Adam asked her.

"Uncle Dick's coming over to do aerobics with me," she said with a smile.

TO BE CONTINUED...


Summer of '77 Ch. 05
bynatalieprendergast©

Adam couldn't help but notice how nice Rachel looked in her leotard. It must have been a new one because he hadn't seen that particular color.

The purple tights only drew more attention to the young girl, and her 18-year-old body was shown off quite well. The loose-fitting white top she had on also allowed her big breasts to bounce around a bit, as her bra could only keep them constrained to a degree. She sat down right next to Adam, pulling her knees up to her chest and holding them there, seemingly showing off her legs to him and teasing him.

"What are you doing up so early perv?" she asked. He smiled and made up an excuse. He didn't dare tell her the real reason, which involved the spectacle that had just taken place in the bathroom.

"I couldn't sleep so I took a shower - I might go back to sleep soon," he said. She turned to him and playfully stuck her bare feet in his face.

"Get away," he said, although he actually liked it. She laughed, then stuck them in his face again.

"Here, smell my feet. Don't they smell like apples?" she asked. He couldn't resist taking a sniff, and they did in fact smell awfully pretty, and in fact just like apples.

"It's a new soap I used," she said. "I took a shower over at Brandi's since you and Natalie hog the frickin' shower all morning."

Rachel again put her feet right up in Adam's face, and he, sort of obediently, rubbed his nose up and down each one.

"You're such a perv - you like me feet don't you," she said teasingly. Now she took her feet away and put them back down on the sofa.

"What are you gonna do today? I don't want you just sitting around all day," she said in a bossy tone.

"You're not the boss of me," he fired back.

"Adam, I'm your big sister, you better start respecting me as such," she said.

"Rachel, you're my big sister by a month and a half," he fired back.

"Well even so," she replied. Just then, there was a knock at the door.

"Oh, that must be Uncle Dick," Rachel said, flying up from the sofa and heading to the door.

Adam remained on the sofa, turning his ear to the door to hear his uncle come in.

"Hi Uncle Dick," Rachel said happily. They made small talk that Adam couldn't quite make out, then he heard them approach.

"Yeah if you're off today it'd be great for you to hang around and work out with me," Rachel said to Dick. "When I don't have the aerobics class I usually just work out here. Lemme get you some water. You can talk to Adam."

The boy saw his "uncle" and boss walk into the family room, and they politely greeted each other. Adam was taken back by Dick's outfit, which included black spandex tights, just like the leotard Rachel was wearing but a different color. Dick's shirt was just a regular Kentucky Colonels basketball tee, but his pants - they kind of stood out. Or rather, something in them stood out.

Adam, trying almost not to notice, could easily make out a large tubular bulge snaking all the way down Dick's thigh.

"Here 'ya go, Uncle Dick," Rachel said, handing him a big glass of ice water.

"Thanks, Rachel," he said. "And please, you don't have to call me 'uncle.' It sounds so formal. You kids are grown up now, we can be on a first-name basis."

"Oh...," Rachel said, taking a sip of some iced tea she just made. "So...just call you Dick?"

"Just plain old Dick," he answered back. She couldn't help but giggle.

"So how was traffic, Dick?" Rachel asked him, addressing him again by name just for her own enjoyment.

"Wasn't bad," he said. "Glad I'm not working today - me and Adam would have been frying out there. Supposed to go up to 100 degrees in some places."

"Jesus Christ, Dick," Rachel answered. Adam almost smacked her for repeating his name again. But their guest didn't seem to notice she was having a little fun with him.

Just then the three got a little quiet, as they gave in to complete silence and let a few moments pass. Adam glanced over at Rachel, and he noticed her eyes probing Dick's lower half, and then her eyes seemed to settle on a fixed point. She glanced back and forth at it a few times before she looked away with her eyes opened really wide, giving this look like 'okay, that's kind of obscene.' Adam knew what she had just noticed.

"I like your pants," Rachel said to her guest. Again, Adam could have smacked her. No need to draw more attention to the thing.

"Thanks," Dick said. "You said we'd be doing aerobics so I went all out - got a pair of these at the mall the other day."

Rachel looked openly at his bugle now, with a delightful grin.

"They make my legs feel good," Dick said.

'Yeah,' Adam thought to himself, 'all three of them.'

Since Rachel and Dick had seemingly developed a friendship over recent days, Adam felt a little bit out of place. And sure enough, Rachel urged him out of the room.

"Shew, shew," she said, gently pushing him. "We're gonna watch an exercise tape. I want you out."

Having nowhere else to go in the house, Adam figured he would head upstairs and go back to sleep.

He saw Natalie was in the bathroom, with the door half open. He tried to sneak by and go back into his room, but she caught him.

"Adam, what are you doing?" she asked, just as he was about to enter his room and collapse onto the bed.

"Nothing," he answered, going up to the bathroom door but not entering - he didn't know if she was decent or not. Now, she opened the door to see him, and it didn't bother her that now Adam could see her in her bra and panties. And these weren't granny panties - they Her panties had a bikini-style cut to them, as the pink, satin beauties showed off almost all of Natalie's gorgeous legs, and her perfect butt. Adam loved how her big ass cheeks stood out, like huge half moons. If he wasn't afraid of the consequences, he would have gotten on his knees and kissed her ass right then and there. Adam also couldn't even see any tan lines. Did Natalie sun bathe in the nude? If so, when, and where...

"Don't forget all that I told you to do," she said while applying lipstick.

"I know, I know - the bank and the store," he said. She turned to him, and her boobies bounced a bit in her bra as she did so.

"And if Dick calls and needs your help with anything, you go do it," she said.

"Dick is here," Adam answered her.

"Dick's here?" she asked, with the lipstick still in her hand.

"He's downstairs," Adam told her. She still gave him a blank stare.

"He's doing aerobics with Rachel today," the boy explained. Now, she gave him a look of bewilderment.

"Dick? Doing aerobics?" she asked, now giggling. The thought of the big man doing such exercises made her laugh.

"He's wearing a leotard and everything," Adam told his step mom.

"He's wearing a - oh, this I have to see," she said, now putting on her skirt. The way she shimmied her way into that tight skirt had Adam's heart racing. Her ass looked so damn good as she wriggled around. Although it may have been a pipe dream, Adam imagined her shimmying down onto his cock in the same fashion.

Natalie put on a pink blouse and headed downstairs with Adam.

They went into the family room, and heard the television blaring, with its two viewers working up a sweat.

"Hi ya' Dick," Natalie said gladly. "Wow, I thought pigs would fly the day I saw you do aerobics."

He explained to her he needed to get in better shape, and since Rachel was so kind as to work out with him, he took advantage of the opportunity.

As Dick came to a full stop in his workout, and just stood there, Natalie made small talk with him and eventually began looking him over.

"See ya' even bought a leo-...a leotard...," she said, trailing off. Her neck craned to one side, like she thought she was looking at an optical illusion. She then clenched her mouth with her hand, then covered her eyes and laughed.

"What is it, Mom?" Rachel asked with a laugh. She had an idea what Natalie was so stunned by.

"No, nothing, nothing," Natalie said, playing along. "It's just...well I guess I haven't seen many men in leotards before."

Rachel defended Dick's attire, saying how it was the perfect outfit for the type of exercises they would be doing.

"Well that's all fair and good, it's just...," Natalie said, blatantly staring at his bulge. "Just...certain things are on display but that's, you know what, if that's what you wear, that's what you wear."

Rachel couldn't help but chuckle, and Adam began to get excited as both women eyed Dick's massive cock bulge.

"Well, let's go, Adam, I'll drive you to the bank and then you can walk back," she said. "You need some exercise too, young man."

As they got into the car, Natalie had yet to even turn the key in the ignition, but she had to say something.

"Did you see Dick in his leotard?" she asked with a laugh. "My goodness gracious."

"I-I-I-I," Adam began stuttering, trying to say something, but Natalie kept on talking.

"When they made leotards for men, I don't think they had Dick in mind," she said with that big, hearty laugh of hers. "That's an image I'll have in my mind all day at work now."

Adam, meanwhile, couldn't forget the image of her in her little pink panties, and how she had no tan lines whatsoever, unless she sunbathed in a bikini and he just couldn't see the tan lines. But Adam liked to imagine her totally nude. He couldn't help but ask about the situation.

"Nat, do you lay out a lot, in the sun?" he asked.

As she made a right turn on red, out of their complex, she answered him.

"Uh, yeah, sweetie, why?" she asked.

"No, I was just wondering," he said. "What do you wear, like, a bathing suit?"

He saw her face light up with a big smile.

"Actually, honey, I don't wear anything," she told him. Almost like a reflex, his penis began to grow into a nice erection.

"R-really?" he asked. She nodded with a big grin. "When do you usually lay out? And where?"

"Wouldn't you like to know!" she said loudly, and with much amusement.

Adam blushed. She looked down at him quickly, not wanting to take her eyes off the road. But she saw his slight embarrassment.

"Wow, you really want to see me naked don't you," she said openly. He couldn't argue. Besides, he was too excited and too shy to speak right now.

"Well, sweetie, sometimes we all want things that can't, well, that just can't happen," she said teasingly, turning into the bank.

"I'd like to go to the moon but that's never gonna happen," she said with a big laugh. She pulled into a parking space, and was waiting for Adam to get up and leave.

"It's kind of unfair. You've seen me naked a bunch of times but I don't get to see you naked?" he asked. He was really reaching now.

She smiled, almost laughing at him. But she was gentle about it.

"Not everything in life is fair, sweetie," she said, gently patting his leg. "The sooner you learn that, the better off you are."

With her hand on his leg, it created a soothing feeling, and he took her advice. He said goodbye to her for the day and headed into the bank.

----------------------------------------

Adam decided to hang out at the mall for a while that afternoon since Rachel and Dick would be taking up the family room.

He could only pass so much time though before starting to get bored, and he walked back to the house, groceries in hand, and headed inside. He saw Dick's van was still parked outside, so he figured he still must be hanging out with Rachel.

Sure enough, they were relaxing in the family room, chowing down on pasta and watching television. Rachel urged her stepbrother in, and he sat down on the sofa next to her.

"We had such a good workout," she said, crossing her legs. "Dick really got into it."

Adam glanced over at his "uncle," and saw that his man part looked even more outlandish now, possibly from looking at Rachel in her leotard all morning. Dick's penis reached all the way down to his lower thigh. It was so big it might be stretching out the leotard, Rachel began to think during the workout.

Just then, much to everyone's surprise, someone came through the door, and it was Natalie, who had taken a half day.

"I just have so much to do outside I just wanted to get home," she said. "Dick, I could really use your help if you have time."

He said 'no problem,' and headed to the bathroom for a minute. While he was out of the room, Rachel wasted no time addressing his choice of wardrobe that day.

"Did you see Dick in his leotard?" she asked her mom with a big smile.

"Did I see Dick in his leotard? I saw Dick's dick, that's what I saw," Natalie said in a direct fashion. She didn't usually use vulgar words around the kids, but if the situation warranted it, and this one certainly did, she couldn't help but let a few choice words slip by. Rachel laughed at her mom's assessment.

"It's not THAT noticeable," Rachel teased.

"It's not that noticeable? Are you kidding me?" Natalie replied. Just then the toilet flushed, and Dick headed back into the family room.

"Did you hear me telling Rachel I could see your dick?" she asked him casually with a laugh. Dick was a little surprised by her openness, and tried to act casual.

"No, I didn't hear that," he said. "Is it showing?"

This was an open invitation for the two women to check out his ample package, and his bulge was so blatantly obvious that the leotard almost served no purpose.

"I can even make out the head for crying out loud," Natalie said. "Looks like a big mushroom."

This sent Rachel into hysterics, and Adam was jealous of Dick at this moment. He wished he had something like his, but at least got to listen on the women admiring the big dong that was right before them.

"You could work out nude if you wanted?" Rachel suggested jokingly to Dick. Natalie gave her a harsh look, but then found the idea amusing.

"Yeah but he needs something to keep it in place," Natalie said. "All the jumping and stretching and contorting you guys do, his...well, you know...would be flopping all over the place."

Rachel laughed her head off, and Adam had to sit down now. The way his stepsister and step mom talked so openly about Dick's anatomy, it had quite an effect on Adam.

"You okay, Adam?" Rachel asked with a laugh, noticing Adam had abruptly taken a seat. He shrugged it off like he was fine, and tried to hide his huge boner. Luckily, he was wearing pretty baggy shorts.

"Well come on, Dick, you have to help me," Natalie said. "And please get changed. I don't want you walking around outside in...that."

Adam and Rachel both left the room, with Rachel heading upstairs to get changed and Adam heading outside to take the trash down to the curb.

About 10 minutes later, he came back into the house through the back door, and he was about to walk into the family room but stopped in his tracks. Dick was standing in the family room completely naked, in the middle of getting dressed but taking his good old time. And Natalie was in the room with him, not shying away from checking out his big penis, which drooped down, hanging almost halfway to his knees.

"Don't know why you were wearing those silly pants," Natalie scolded Dick. "Couldn't you wear something a little less revealing? I don't want you corrupting my 18-year-old daughter."

Natalie appeared upset, but she was also laughing at the same time, kind of amused by Dick's behavior. And she knew Rachel got a kick out of it.

"Cripes, you might as well have been wearing a shirt that says 'I have a big one,'" Natalie teased him.

As Dick loved to do, he showed off his big penis to Natalie, swaying his hips so it smacked against his thighs in a lewd fashion. Completely used to his nudity, she appeared unphased.

"That bitch - I hate to call somebody a bitch but she is just such a bitch - that bitch at work stole my parking space again when I came back from lunch," she told Dick.

"Really? Did you say something to her?" he asked calmly as he slowly reached for his change of clothes. All he had to do was put on his underwear and shorts, but he delayed the action just so he could be naked before Natalie. And she didn't mind the display.

"I don't want to make any waves, Dick," she said, her gaze falling upon his huge hanging penis as she pondered something. "Just sucks though. I'd love to get her fired."

Adam snuck back outside before the two could hear him, and decided to shoot some hoops to pass the time. Dick had yet to get fully dressed.

---------------------------------------------

In the days that followed, there were some changes for young Adam. He no longer had to work for his "uncle," but Natalie took advantage of the opportunity and hired him for some part-time help around the office.

"I'm going to exploit you," she would tease him. Natalie had worked her way up to an executive position, and needed a young guy like Adam to take care of the more menial tasks.

This included anything from running errands, to getting coffee for Natalie and her female co-workers. She was bossy with him around the house, but around the office, even more so.

"Adam, I told you 10 times I need these files organized alphabetically," she told him on one occasion.

"Adam, I need you to make all of these calls before you take your lunch break," was another one of her demands.

He put up with all the bossiness just to get some extra money for when he went away to school, but also seeing Natalie in her hot business outfits was another perk. Many times, she would wear short skirts that would ride up high by the time the work day was coming to an end.

He would try to hang around her desk as much as possible. She would also take off her shoes a lot towards the end of the day, which allowed him to see her cute stocking-covered feet as she curled her toes against the carpet.

Adam also began to notice that the majority of Natalie's co-workers - in fact all six of them that worked in her office - were women. Either that was by design, or some coincidence, but Adam didn't mind being surrounded by such a nice group of powerful, attractive females.

And Natalie's position of power was rare for a female in those days, making her that much more confident, and at times arrogant. But she always had complete control of her office.

"Adam, these files need to be in perfect order by Friday," she told her stepson one afternoon. "The district manager is coming by and he can a real prick sometimes, so please make sure everything is perfectly in order."

Yes, she didn't shy away from using a harsh word now and again to get her point across. And it had a full impact on Adam. He always did as told.

Another day, when Adam came back a little early from lunch, he saw Natalie sitting on the desk of one of her friend's, and the two were whooping it up about something or other. Natalie did not see Adam coming right away, so that allowed him to eavesdrop on their conversation just a bit.

"You won't feel out of place, I swear," Natalie told her friend.

"And it's just the men that are...?," the woman replied.

"Just the men," Natalie answered.

"And what do we wear?" asked the woman.

"Anything. Just something casual," Natalie answered.

Natalie then saw her step son come into view, and was visibly startled, like she and her friend were talking about something she didn't want him to hear. Adam had butterflies in his stomach thinking about what that subject could have been. His mind raced, and immediately a possibility came up - when Natalie's friend asked "and it's just the men that are...," leaving the last word blank, was that last word "naked?"

Was Natalie inviting her young friend to a "CFNM" party? Adam had no way of knowing for certain. In fact they could have been talking about anything. But he couldn't get the thought out of his head.

"Well you're back from lunch early there kiddo," Natalie said, getting up off her friend's desk. 

"Thought I'd get some more work done," he said. He looked at Annette, as he would learn her name, and the cute 24-year-old brunette gave him a warm smile.

"Well aren't you a model worker," Natalie said.

"Are you too good for us? Not inviting us to lunch with you?" Annette teased the young man.

"I just - "

Before he could finish, Annette let him know she was only having some fun with him.

Adam knew if he was going to find out what the two women were discussing, he would have to say something right then, or else the conversation would drift far away from the subject.

"What were you guys talking about?" he asked nervously. Natalie was as calm as ever.

"Oh, nothing. Just some barbecue that we're having at the end of next month - just some business thing," she told her step son.

'Ah-hah!' Adam thought to himself. So it was a party. But was it really a CFNM party? It seemed far-fetched. But Natalie, however, didn't seem too open to reveal a lot of details, which raised the boy's suspicions.

"Where is it at?" he asked Natalie.

"Oh it doesn't matter, sweetie, you're not invited, okay? It's just for full-time employees. And you'll be back at school anyways," she said.

Adam felt a little awkward, like he had annoyed her a bit.

"Is Brian coming?" Annette asked Natalie - Brian being her current boyfriend.

Natalie's face lit up.

"I'm working on him," she said. "He's entertaining the thought - I'll put it that way."

Adam just stood there as the women continued to chat.

"Dick will be there," Natalie told Annette. "You've met Dick, haven't you?"

"Oh yes," Annette said with a smile. "He fixed the leak in the ceiling last month - remember?"

"Oh that's right. I was off that week," Natalie said. Adam wondered if Annette had met Dick through any other circumstances, ones that allowed her to get to know his special secret.

If Annette did know that certain something about him, she wasn't revealing anything. She spoke about him with a straight face.

"Alright, buster, back to work," Natalie told her step son. And he scurried back to his filing.

---------------------------------------

On the way home that day, Adam felt compelled to be a little open with Natalie. He calmly went about trying to share something very personal.

"Hey Nat?" he began.

"Yes, Adam," she said in a mock serious tone.

"You know those dreams you have when you're little, like you go to school and you realize you're naked?" he asked.

She smiled slightly, and nodded with a "mm-mmm."

"Well...I sort of had one of those dreams last night," he said, as Natalie focused on the road but tried to give him as much attention as she could. "Only, I wasn't in school...I was at work."

"At work? You mean, at my office?" Natalie asked.

"Yeah. I was naked. And all the women had clothes on," he said.

Natalie found this dream more and more interesting as he went on.

"I see," she said. "Go on."

"Well I was naked, and it was like...that's the way it was every day, like in the dream it felt normal - like it was still really erotic, but it was like every day, I came to work naked," he told her.

Her smile gave way to an amused chuckle.

"And you were there. Every time I came up to your desk, you said 'I can see you have a package for me,'" he described, kind of embarrassed. Natalie burst out laughing. "You know how a lot of things in dreams, like the things people say, don't make sense? Well somehow what you said made sense, like it was this running joke you had about me being naked."

"'Package' meaning your...," Natalie began.

"Yeah. My penis," Adam said, finishing her sentence for her. "And you were always staring at it. All the women were. They never made eye contact with me. They would just look down at my penis. I would be talking to them, looking them in the eye, but they would be looking down..."

"At your penis?" Natalie asked.

"Yeah," he answered.

"This sounds like a very intense dream, Adam," she said happily.

He was quiet for a moment, like he was building up enough gumption to tell her the rest of his dream.

"In the dream...," he began, hesitating for a moment. "My dick was huge."

Natalie's mouth fell open, and she turned over to look him in the eye. She was surprised by his language, but moreover, she was intrigued to hear more.

"It was like, insanely huge," Adam said. "I guess that's part of the reason why all the women stared at it in the dream. It almost hung down to my knees, and when I would get an erection, it would bounce up and down in front of me as I walked, and it had like an upward curve to it, like if you cut the St. Louis arch in half and bent it upwards."

Natalie needed a breather. She was having trouble comprehending all this.

"W-w-wait," she said, pulling into a Burger King parking lot to avoid getting into an accident. "You dreamed you had a...giant penis?"

"Yeah," Adam said. "It was like two feet long. And all you women, I'm sorry, not to single you out, but you and all your co-workers...kind of objectified me for it. All they cared about was my penis."

Natalie turned totally towards the young man, crossing her legs. "So this was sort of...a role reversal dream. Instead of the woman with the big boobs being objectified, the guy with the big schlong was being gawked at and given extra attention."

Adam nodded.

"And what else do you remember about this dream?" Natalie asked.

Adam took a deep breath, trying to piece together the rest.

"Well I remember the women always trying to use my penis somehow," Adam said. "One woman used it as a paper weight...then another time some woman hung her coat on it."

Natalie laughed out loud, loud enough that someone walking into the fast-food restaurant looked to see what the commotion was.

Adam had to go on with his story.

"And what did I do in the dream?" Natalie urged him.

"You...put a watch around it, saying that would help me to stop coming back late from my lunch break all the time," he told her.

"I put a watch around your penis?" she asked him in a high-pitched tone.

"Yeah," he said. "It was a really vivid dream. And then of course the ending..."

"The ending? What was the ending?" Natalie asked.

He gave her this look like if he told her, she might get upset with him. Like it crossed the line. Like it was too vulgar. But almost like a psychiatrist wanting a patient to tell her everything, in order to reach closure, she pleaded with Adam to tell her every last detail.

"Well...I would always masturbate at work - in the dream," he stressed, although it was something he also did in reality. "But it wasn't in the bathroom. I would masturbate at my desk, right out in the open. Usually staring at a woman's legs or a woman with a tight blouse and big breasts, and I would just be masturbating, right out in the open. And instead of the women being appalled, they loved it. They cheered me on. They would urge me to jerk it with both hands. They took bets on how long it would take me to shoot off, and how far I would shoot, and how much. Some of the women would reach under their skirts and pull off their panties, and throw them around my huge hard-on. Some just sat there and watched with big smiles."

He paused, to gauge Natalie's reaction. She replied "wow," which was encouragement enough for him to go forward.

"Once I was ready to ejaculate...you announced 'cream's ready!'" Adam said to his step mom. "And all the women came running over to the desk with their coffee, and I had to shoot a huge load of...come...into each mug."

Natalie's head dropped into her hands. Adam didn't know whether to be embarrassed, mortified...or get out of the car and run. She wouldn't say anything. Minutes passed.

"And...as I ejaculated in the dream, I ejaculated...for real. A lot. I woke up, sort of soaked. But don't worry - I washed the sheets," he said frantically.

Finally, her head raised, and much to Adam's relief, she had a big smile on her face. And her face was flushed.

"Well," she said, pausing. "Adam, you are the biggest pervert - no, no, no, just kidding sweetie."

She had scared him for a second. But as always, Natalie was one cool customer.

"Adam, sweetie, I think what you're experiencing is a certain erotic arousal, concerning being naked in front of clothed females," she told him simply, and eloquently. "Your body is going through a lot of changes. You're becoming a man. And I think you enjoy the thought of women seeing what a man you are becoming."

He tried to soak in every bit of insight she could give him.

"Now, the part about you having an enormous penis - I don't know where that came from," she said with that hearty laugh of hers. "I am sure it is just about every man's fantasy to have, well, a big penis, and I guess in your dream you're living that fantasy out. To extreme measures. But you don't need a huge one, sweetie, I can tell you that."

He took one last deep breath, like his breathing had just about returned to normal. Adam had gotten so worked up confessing to Natalie his deepest desires. The recanting of his dream was like giving her an open view of his soul. And now he felt at peace.

"Well, since we're here, do you want anything? I think Rachel and Dick are doing their aerobics at the house so I might as well pick something up for them as well," Natalie said.

And the two headed into the burger joint, having grown a lot closer.

-----------------------------------------

When they got home, Adam grabbed the couple bags of food, as Natalie had some files and slides to bring in with her.

"So naked at work, huh? That's your dream?" Natalie teased her stepson as she closed her car door. Adam was already a little embarrassed about the whole thing.

"I don't know," he said with a red face.

"You know that can be arranged," she teased him with a laugh. He almost dropped the food as she said that.

Then Natalie added: "Oh sweetie, I'm just pulling your leg." Or was she? Adam wasn't so sure.

For now, he just wanted to eat.

"Rachel! Dick! We have food," Natalie yelled as they walked in the door. Rachel and Dick came walking out of the family room into the kitchen. They had been working out earlier, and both were wearing tight-fitting clothes again.

Rachel's big breasts were at least covered up a little by a loose-fitting top that she wore over her leotard. But Dick's private part was very much on display, bulging out in the tights that were hugging his leg.

Natalie looked down at his bulge and groaned a bit. She still didn't feel so comfortable about him being so exposed in front of her daughter.

"Nice outfit, Dick," Natalie couldn't help but say. He smiled at her and took his food. All four sat down at the table, and about 10 minutes into the meal, Natalie abruptly asked Rachel to come into the other room with her, that she had to tell her something.

Adam figured it must be something private, although he didn't know that it was something private about him. He talked to Dick about how his job was going, and in the meantime he could hear laughter coming from the family room.

When the two returned, Dick was also curious as to what they were chatting about.

"What are you two evil hens cackling on about?" he asked teasingly.

"Oh, it's nothing, Dick, eat your food," Natalie said, as she and Rachel were still laughing. Rachel immediately looked at Adam, then again broke into a fit of chuckles.

"Rachel, eat your food," Natalie told her daughter. Adam started to get a little suspicious, and then things only got worse.

"Dream a little dream of me," Natalie sang quietly to herself, imitating the song by Mama Kass.

Her singing seemed innocent enough, but Adam knew something was up.

"God, the weather today was so dreamy," Rachel said. "I swear it was like right out of a dream."

Natalie, a grown woman, couldn't resist letting out a few girlish snickers. The two females were having fun with something, and that something was Adam, and the dream he told Natalie about.

He was just about to say something, but held off just hoping he was only imagining what was taking place at the table. But then the two women pushed him over the edge.

"God it's so hot I bet if people went to work nude, no one would even care," Rachel said.

"Well I think people would really stare," Natalie answered her. Again, they both laughed, and Adam couldn't take it any more.

"You told her?" he yelled to his step mom.

"Oh, sweetie, calm down," Natalie answered him. "It's no big deal."

Adam looked over at Rachel, and she was laughing even harder now.

"I had to come to work naked," she said, imitating his voice with a dumb-sounding tone. "All the women kept staring at me, Natalie, staring down there..."

Natalie cracked up now, and what the two women thought was a good joke turned into a good deal of embarrassment for young Adam.

"What the heck are you guys talking about?" Dick asked as he finished his burgers.

"Oh, Dick, Adam had a dream that he had to come to work naked, and in the dream all of us women were having some fun with him - that's all," Natalie said. "I thought Rachel would get a kick out of it so I kind of spilled the beans, I guess."

"You guess? She'll tell everybody! Now it'll be on Action News," he said. It was like pouring gasoline on a fire - the more embarrassed he got, the more the women found it so amusing.

He got up from the table and walked out of the room, heading upstairs.

"Oh, Adam," Natalie said. He was furious. What he told Natalie was something he thought he could trust her with - he didn't want his bratty stepsister knowing about it too.

The young man went into the bathroom and decided to get a shower. The water felt good coming down on his head, sort of a soothing feeling after a long, hard day.

About 10 minutes into his shower, someone knocked at the door, and then came right in. It startled Adam, and he peered out from behind the shower curtain to see who it was.

He saw it was Natalie, the person he wasn't very happy with at the moment.

"Don't you knock?" he asked, as he pulled his head back behind the curtain and went on showering.

"You don't have anything I haven't seen before," she answered him matter-of-factly. It was quiet for a few moments, and Adam realized Natalie had made herself comfortable, pulling the seat and cover down on the toilet and sitting down while he showered.

"Adam, I am really sorry I told Rachel about your dream. If I knew it would bother you so much, I wouldn't have told her," she said. She made him feel like he was being a baby about it.

"I told you about that dream in confidence," he said. She laughed.

"You what?" she asked.

"I said I told you about that dream in confidence," he repeated. She still couldn't make out what he was saying, and now Natalie got up and walked over to the shower, and pulled the curtain back a foot or so in order to see Adam. And she could see all of him.

"You what? I can't hear you," she said.

"I told you about that dream in confidence," he repeated again.

"In confidence?" she asked with a laugh, finding it funny how he was trying to sound so grown-up. But she sympathized with him.

"Adam I won't tell her anything anymore, I promise," she told her stepson.

"How much did you tell her?" he mumbled. Natalie was now getting annoyed that she had to have him repeat everything he said. She turned off the water completely.

"Here, now I can hear you. What did you say?" she asked him.

He repeated his question, and she gave him an honest answer.

"Oh, I pretty much just gave her the short version," Natalie told him. "For instance...I didn't tell her where I made you wear your watch," she said, blatantly looking down at his semi-erect penis, "and I didn't tell her how you improved the coffee at work."

Even Adam had to laugh a bit. Natalie gently caressed his shoulder, trying to make him feel better, and a part of him responded immediately.

His penis was becoming erect, a fact unbeknownst to her at the time. She went on talking.

"I should know that there's certain things you can tell me, that Rachel doesn't need to know about," Natalie went on. "You can trust me from now on that anything you tell me in confidence," she said, chuckling again, "I will not tell Rachel."

He nodded, and Natalie, instead of leaving, leaned up against the sink while Adam began to get dressed. As he stepped out of the shower, his dick bounced around right in her view.

"Do you have a boner again?" she asked him with a laugh. His penis was throbbing, and now that she looked at it, it only made it worse.

"I can't help it," he said. She looked down at it again, and while he got dressed, she kept herself busy by simply staring at his big hard-on.

Because he was enjoying her attention, Adam put on his shirt first, then his socks, leaving his underwear and shorts for last. After a few moments, Natalie finally said something.

"I guess this means you forgive me," she said, looking at his erection with a big smile. It was maybe the longest she ever stared at his penis, like she was really enjoying the show. Seeing a nice, taught 18-year-old boy naked in all his glory was a nice way for her to finish up her day. If she didn't have a boyfriend, Adam might have tried to be more forward with her, but he didn't want to jeopardize the relationship they had. Why ruin a good thing?

He finally went about pulling up his underwear and shorts, and when he did so, his hard-on stuck way out, creating a vulgar sort of appearance. Natalie chuckled.

"Now that's a nice look for you," she teased him. He fiddled with his shorts to make his erection less noticeable.

"Yeah, you better adjust yourself there," she said. And the two went back down to join Rachel and Dick.

----------------------------------------

The next morning, Adam woke up drenched in sweat. He pulled the covers off of himself and got out of bed. As usual, he had slept in the nude, and with how hot it was in the house, he didn't bother putting any clothes on just yet.

He tip-toed out of his room, not making a sound, and went into the front bedroom and looked out the window to see if there were any cars.

He saw that Natalie's was there, but Rachel's was gone, and Dick's van was nowhere in sight. Realizing it was just Natalie in the house with him, he started to get sort of an exhibitionist urge.

Young Adam decided to take a stroll downstairs completely nude. If Natalie saw him, that was quite okay with him. And he had a built-in excuse that he thought Natalie was at work - besides, it was after 11, and she was usually gone by this time. He vaguely remembered her saying something about taking the day off, but he could say he forgot and thought he had the house to himself.

He had a few butterflies in his stomach as he tried to make the first step downstairs. It was though his feet were stuck in cement, like he couldn't move, but he bravely put one foot out in front of the other, and started walking down the steps.

By the time he got to the bottom, he felt a lot more momentum, and decided to ride it all the way into the laundry room. As he was about to enter, he saw Natalie on her knees, getting laundry out of one of the hampers and putting it into the washer.

She saw him enter the room, and jumped back.

"Oh you startled me," she said.

"I'm sorry," Adam replied, cupping his genitals. "I didn't know you were home. I forgot you took the day off."

Natalie took her hand away from her chest, now relaxed after the brief scare. She seemed unbothered by Adam's nudity, almost oblivious to it.

"Sorry, I...," Adam began, about to explain the reason for his nudity - he was about to lie and say he thought he had the house to himself.

"Oh it's okay," Natalie said, waving her hand at him. "You can walk around naked for all I care - the damn air conditioner is broken."

bynatalieprendergast©

"It's broken?" Adam asked, now taking his hands away from his privates since Natalie made him feel comfortable.

"That damn Dick. I don't know what kind of air conditioner he gave us but the damn thing quit already," she said, now getting up and standing right next to Adam.

"Have you called him?" Adam asked, his naked penis swaying a bit as he spoke.

"I called him three times! He must be out with one of his fluzies," Natalie said. Adam kicked at the floor, unsure of what to say. He couldn't believe this - he was just standing there naked, arms at his side, having a normal conversation with the woman he had a huge crush on.

And her outfit was making it even sweeter. Apparently the heat affected Natalie's wardrobe as well - she was only wearing a pair of skimpy, pink, satin shorts, which looked really tight on her and could barely hug her big, tan thighs, and she had on a little black top that didn't even make it all the way down past her belly button.

"I was in such a rush I threw on some of Rachel's stuff this morning," Natalie said with a laugh. "Ms. Cohen is knocking on the door at around 9, asking me to help her get her dog - he got out and ran all the way down the street, and I'm still in a bathrobe so I'm scrambling around looking for something to wear. I end up throwing this on, and running out the door, and we're - "

She broke into laughter and Adam tried to keep up with her frantic story.

"We're both running after that little dog," she went on, "looking like lunatics, we're running across people's yards, screaming and hollering. Finally we catch the damn thing..."

Adam was amused by her energy.

"I just haven't had the time to change," she said.

Then came an awkward pause, and as she contemplated something, her eyes fixed on Adam's penis. He couldn't help getting an erection, and Natalie didn't seem to mind.

"Just...don't know what to do...," she pondered aloud.

Adam leaned to one side, making his penis bounce a bit. Natalie, completely used to his nudity by now, went about forming a plan.

"Tell ya' what kiddo," she began, picking up a pile of laundry. "Why don't you try calling Dick - let it ring 30 times if you have to, and I'm gonna go get changed."

"Can I watch?" he belted out. It was one of those slips of the tongue that he quickly regretted. His subconscious mind had taken over.

Natalie gave him a smirk.

"Focus, sweetie," she said. "Call Dick, and while you're down here why don't you make us some iced tea."

She walked calmly out of the room, and Adam got to watch her butt the whole time as she exited. Those tight, pink shorts were hugging her butt so snugly, you could easily make out her big, luscious cheeks.

Adam tried to call his eccentric "uncle," letting it ring a few dozen times as his step mom instructed, but there was still no answer. He walked over to the fridge, nude as could be, and went about making some iced tea. It felt so wonderfully erotic to be doing such normal every-day tasks around the house, like making a pitcher of iced tea, while completely nude. And what made it even better was knowing that Natalie was going to walk right back into the room any minute and see him.

He could hear his step mom coming down the steps, and then he heard her flip-flops as she approached the kitchen.

"How'd you make out? Did you call Dick?" she asked. Adam could see she had changed into a bathing suit. It was the white one that he loved, and she had a pair of khaki shorts on over it to make it seem more like an outfit.

"I let it ring and ring, but no answer," he bemoaned.

"Ugh," she replied, putting her hands on her hips. "So no Dick, huh. Damn, now that air conditioner won't get fixed for another day I guess...Well, we'll just have to persevere."

Adam walked over and handed her a glass of iced tea, his erection swinging back and forth as he did so.

"Oh thank you, sweetie," she said, taking a sip and voicing her approval. "Umm, that's good. You know I have to say I think it's cooler in the family room if you want to hang out in there for a while."

Adam followed her lead, and he did feel a nice cool breeze as they got into the family room and sat down on the sofa. Adam sat down first, and Natalie sat across the way, to the left of Adam, on the love seat.

Natalie took off her flip-flops and let her feet rest up on the coffee table. They looked really nice, and Adam was tempted to reach out and rub them.

"Oh God this feels so good," she said, taking another sip of iced tea. "It's been such a long, hectic week and it feels so great just to be able to relax for a minute."

Adam, with a stiff erection pointing upwards between his legs, tried to relax and enjoy the moment. He took a big gulp from his glass, quite thirsty from all the building sexual tension.

"Adam, I am going to ask you a question and I want you to be completely honest with me," Natalie began. He immediately got a little nervous. He thought she was going to chastise him for his constant nudity in recent weeks.

"When I asked you to sweep the patio two weeks ago, and you said you did...," she began.

He nodded.

"Did you really?" she asked. Adam couldn't believe it. He was so relieved that's all she was asking him about.

"Oh," he replied. "Uh, well I did, but I guess sort of half-ass..."

"Half-ass?" she asked.

"I didn't do a very good job of it," he answered. She groaned.

"Well I guess not," she replied, sipping her drink. "There were clumps of grass all over the place. You know the grass catcher on the lawn mower doesn't work anymore, and I asked you and pleaded with you to sweep all that stuff off the edges of the patio - "

"I know, I know," he answered.

"Adam. Do NOT interrupt me when I'm talking to you," she said sternly.

"I didn't interrupt you, I just meant that I know what you mean," he said nervously.

"Well if you knew what I meant you wouldn't have done it so poorly," she fired back.

"I don't want to fight," the boy said. "I promise, next time I'll do it better. I promise, Natalie."

She gave him a sarcastic smirk, like she didn't really believe him. But she let out a big sigh and was content to move on. She looked blatantly at his big erection, and enjoyed the view.

"Are you more comfortable in here?" she asked. "I feel a little bit cooler. Well, you're naked so..."

He laughed.

"It does feel cooler," he told her.

She nodded, and casually glanced around the room.

"Hey, do you guys like Jiffy Pop?" she asked her stepson.

"Um, yeah," he said. "I've had it a few times. I don't know if Rachel's ever had it, but I liked it."

"I was going to pick up some at the store," she told him. "I thought that would be a good snack. You know - something we can munch on when we're all watching a movie one night."

The easy conversation made Adam's nudity seem that much more accepted, and commonplace. Natalie now tapped her one foot on the edge of the coffee table, thinking of something to do.

"Do you...wanna play a board game?" she asked. He liked that idea, and jumped right up.

"Go upstairs, go into the spare room closet. On the top shelf, behind the linens, there should be five or six games - bring them down," she instructed him, taking a relaxing sip of tea.

He raced upstairs, taking two steps at a time. This was the greatest day of his life. He couldn't believe he was getting to enjoy such prolonged nudity around his hot step mom.

He grabbed a huge stack of board games - eight in all, and walked carefully down the steps. He could feel his erection bouncing up and down as he approached Natalie, and the sight wasn't wasted on her.

"Boing, boing, boing," she said with that big laugh of hers. As Adam put the games down, he was a bit self-conscious now of his hard-on.

"Your ding-dong was doing a little bit of a workout there, kiddo," she teased him.

Adam didn't mind her attention.

"I'm just kidding with you, hon. Who am I to talk - if I wasn't wearing a bra, these babies would be bouncing all over the place too," she said, pointing to her enormous breasts that were almost coming out the top of her bathing suit.

Adam felt a surge of energy, and bravery.

"You know if you wanted, I wouldn't mind if you walked around without a top," he said.

"I bet you wouldn't mind at all," she said with a big grin. He started going through the games, trying to pick out a good one.

"If I showed you my boobs, would that make you happy?" Natalie asked him. Adam could almost hear angels singing in his head when she spoke those words.

"Yeah," he said matter-of-factly.

"Hmm," she answered him, now looking out the window. A few moments had passed, and he wondered what the delay was. He looked at her. She looked back at him.

"What?" she asked him. "Sweetie, I'm not actually going to show you my breasts - I just wanted to know if it would make you happy."

It was a cruel joke at Adam's expense, but he brushed it off. She rubbed his leg soothingly.

"I'm just fooling around with you, sweetie," she said. She got up from the sofa now, and as she walked by, she playfully patted his erection, and giggled as she did so.

As Natalie walked out to the kitchen, the phone began to ring, and Adam heard her soon immersed in conversation with the person on the other end of the line.

Natalie laughed and laughed, obviously enjoying speaking to the mystery caller. Adam just sat there, his erection subsiding a bit, but his penis still had some thickness to it as it lay there limply on his leg.

Natalie, still out in the kitchen, laughed a bit more and said goodbye into the phone. She returned with a refill of iced tea, and again playfully patted Adam's penis as she walked in. Just like that, his member again returned to its hardened state.

"Well that was Dick," Natalie said happily as she sat down. "The big fella's gonna be over soon - here he was with Rachel all day and I totally forgot they had told me they were going to the park. I swear I can't keep track of things sometimes."

"Is he gonna fix the air conditioner?" Adam asked as he sat there, still naked.

"Yeah, sweetie. Either today or tomorrow. Rachel and I are going to do some aerobics - I promised I would work out with them today," she said.

Adam suggested they start playing something, but suddenly Natalie popped up from her seat.

"Oh, you know what," she said. "You can help me with a few things. Come on."

She motioned with her hand for her to follow him, and just as he got up, she walked over to the sliding glass doors, and tugged down hard on the string to open the shades. The sound, and the action, startled Adam, as now anyone walking by outside could see right into the family room, and see him naked.

This possibility did not bother Natalie at all.

"Just want to let some sun in here," she explained. Luckily, there was nobody outside, but Adam still felt a bit awkward walking in front of open windows like this. He imagined every girl in the neighborhood walking by the window to get a peak of him.

He followed Natalie into the kitchen, and again she opened windows - these ones were right over the kitchen table.

"Oh, look, there's Ms. Cohen," Natalie said to herself, peering out the window. "Guess she got that dog of hers a new leash."

She now waved to Ms. Cohen, and giggled. Adam didn't dare walk into the kitchen now, as he would have to walk in front of the open windows, right where Ms. Cohen might be looking in. But Natalie was growing impatient now.

"Adam, are you waiting for a bus? Come on, I need you to help me with something in here," she said, entering the laundry room.

He cupped his genitals with his hands and snuck by the windows, then walked into the laundry room to join Natalie. He kind of liked the idea of Ms. Cohen seeing him naked, but at the same time he was still trying to overcome his shyness. He couldn't tell whether or not she saw him through the window - he snuck by too quickly to see.

"Now here," Natalie said to her stepson, handing him a huge pile of laundry, barely giving him enough time to put his arms out. His hard-on flopped out as he took his hands away from it. Natalie now got a great view of it as she pulled the pile of laundry back away from the young man.

"Oops, I'm giving you the wrong pile. Here," she said, handing him a different set of clothes. "Take this up to Rachel's room. And then - "

"I don't want to carry Rachel's stuff. She can get it herself," Adam argued.

"Adam, don't test my patience. Rachel is out with Dick for the day and she simply didn't have time to take her stuff upstairs," Natalie said. "I'm sure if you were out with your buddies, she would take your stuff upstairs if I asked her too."

Adam doubted she would, and doubted Natalie would even ask Rachel to do so. Adam always felt, whether it was true or not, that Natalie favored Rachel, gave her more leeway. It wasn't at all a bad thing, as it was teaching Adam how to be a respectful young man towards women. And if he ever did in fact harbor any angry feelings towards Natalie in this regard, they simply didn't last.

He went about carrying out his chore. Walking around the house completely nude, with Natalie in the house with him, had quite an affect on him, and when he got back to the laundry room, his erection was standing up straighter than ever, bouncing with every step, right in Natalie's view.

She had something else for him to carry.

"Now this is a bit trickier," she informed him. "I had Dick get this old television repaired, and I haven't taken it upstairs yet to my room. Do you think you can carry it for me?"

Adam immediately said 'yes,' wanting to show off his strength. The T.V. was not a big one, but pretty heavy, and it was kind of awkward to carry because of its shape.

"Well why don't you put some clothes on, sweetie," Natalie said. "I don't want you hurting yourself." She eyed his naked penis, indicating that she thought he might want to keep his man parts protected while carrying such a heavy object.

"I can do it like this," he argued. She gave him a smirk.

"You're just like your father," she said. "I could never get him to wear any clothes either. Just loved to strut around the house nude whenever he could..."

This was news to Adam. He gave her a look of disbelief.

"Oh yeah - he was a regular nudist, that dad of yours," she said. "Of course you and Rachel were never around when he did this, but...I enjoyed it."

She laughed, and Adam suddenly began realizing that his interest in CFNM could in fact be hereditary, that he was following in his father's naked footsteps.

Natalie, meanwhile, dressed in her bathing suit and shorts, helped Adam get a hold of the television, and when he had it in his arms, he was surprised by the weight.

"You got it?" she asked.

He didn't dare back down now. He felt he could carry it upstairs, but the only tricky thing now was the long, dangling cord that reached all the way to the floor. It could cause a problem.

"Oh, let me get that," Natalie said, picking it up and reeling it into a circle as she placed it on top of the T.V. She then opened the door to the laundry room, making sure Adam had plenty of space. She even gave him a hearty slap on the behind to urge him on.

Everything was going fine, but when Adam was about to go up the steps, the cord fell off the television, and again hung down to the ground, dangling right by his feet. He knew he had to be careful not to trip over it.

The cord bounced from side to side, and Adam fidgeted with the T.V., constantly readjusting it in his arms as he went up the steps. He didn't realize what affect this would have.

When he got up to the top of the stairs, Natalie hollered up to him, making sure he was okay. He asked if she could open the door to her room, and she jogged up the stairs, rushing to do so.

Adam's hold on the T.V. was nearing its end, and just when he was about to put it down on the stand in Natalie's room, he felt like it was suddenly attached to him. He went to put it down, and it pulled on him.

Natalie wanted to help him, but was reluctant to do so at first - she had a sense he wanted to do it all himself. But as the problem persisted, and it looked as though Adam was really struggling, she had to intervene.

"Oh Lord, hold on," Natalie said, reaching out to assist him. "The cord is wrapped around your dick."

Adam couldn't believe it, and as Natalie carefully unraveled the long black cord from his hard-on, she couldn't help but let out a few amused giggles.

"How on earth did you do that?" she asked. "I bet you couldn't do that if you tried."

The cord was off him, and he was able to put the set down, and was fully exhausted.

"See why I wanted you to put clothes on?" she taunted him. "I knew that thing was gonna be an obstruction in some form or another."

She eyed his massive erection, and he was a little embarrassed about the whole thing, but Natalie made him feel comfortable. Adam said maybe he should get dressed now, but Natalie told him he could stay as he was, and teased him that the heavy lifting was over.

"Let's play something," she said as they went back downstairs. Adam, kind of nervous now, picked up Monopoly and began getting the board ready for play.

"Oh my, Monopoly. We'll be here all night, sweetie," Natalie said, crossing her legs.

"We can just play for a little bit," Adam replied. He got everything set up, giving himself and Natalie the correct amount of money to start with, checking all the cards and such, and they were soon pretty involved in the game.

Conversation was pretty light for a while, until Adam decided to bring something up that he was curious about.

"What was it like growing up with Dick?" he asked. Natalie gave him a surprised look, and paused. Then it registered, and she answered.

"Oh, so I guess Rachel told you he and I were step siblings for a bit," she said with a smile.

"Uh, yeah," he said.

She nodded.

"Yeah, it was...it was interesting," she replied with a laugh.

"Like how?" he asked. She leaned back in the love seat, deciding to take a break from the game. She pulled something out of her purse, and whispered to Adam.

"Sweetie I hope you don't tell anyone about this - I try not to do this too often," she said, holding what looked like some sort of cigarette and putting it to her lips. As she picked up a lighter and began to light it, Adam realized what it was.

"Is that a joint?" he asked. She took a drag, and let out a long, satisfied breath.

"This is just something Dick and I do from time to time," she admitted. "I try not to do it too much...Dick grows the stuff in his back yard. For years he has."

She seemed content to just keep smoking her joint, and Adam enjoyed the scent, gettting a bit of a buzz.

"My God, sweetie, from the time you walked downstairs this morning all the way til now...your cock has not gone down a bit," she said, eyeing his fierce erection. He looked down at his penis and now saw pre-come accumulating on the tip. Natalie got up, and plopped herself down right next to Adam, crossing her legs again. He couldn't help but stare at them.

"Here, lemme see," she said, now putting her hand on his penis. At first she simply had a feel, and then she was gently stroking his hard-on. He couldn't believe it. His step mom was beginning to stroke him off. Yet she made it seem like just a gentle act of kindness.

"You just seem so pent up and ready to burst," she said. "Least I can do is give you some relief."

He didn't at all object. He felt a little weird about this, but he couldn't lie that it was the most intense, erotic feeling of his young life.

"What were we talking about?" Natalie asked her stepson as she continued to stroke him.

"Um...," he wondered, not able to really form thoughts at the moment.


"Oh, Dick," she said. "Yes, yes, yes. Dick did in fact live with me for a year or so when I was growing up. As you know Dick's father, God bless his soul, was away on business an awful lot, so it was just myself, my mom and Dick most of the time."

Adam could relate right away to what it was like living in a household with two other women.

"Dick was a hand full," she said, as Adam giggled at the unintentional pun. "He drove my mom nuts. He was always getting into some sort of trouble, raising Hell...staying out late, going to drinking parties..."

Natalie temporarily stopped caressing Adam's penis, in order to get more into her story.

"My mom," Natalie remembered with a laugh, "thought Dick was the Devil. She really did."

Adam was anticipating some naughty tales.

"I remember once, he bought all these fireworks," Natalie remembered. "We must have both been 18 at the time, and my mom told him a million times not to buy those things. And he goes out, on Fourth of July night, and starts lighting these things off. They were so loud! My mom wasn't home, and even I told Oscar, as I knew him at the time, not to be fooling around with that stuff."

"What all did he have?" Adam asked.

"Oh I don't know sweetie - just a lot of stuff that exploded and made loud noise," she said with a big laugh.

"Well anyway, he keeps lighting these things off, and I start to watch, and one of the things goes into a tree, and the tree catches on fire!" she said, her eyes getting huge. "The tree is on frickin' fire, and we start to panic. We go into the house to get a fire extinguisher, but we couldn't find one, so we go running back outside. The tree is ablaze! We're just screaming frantically, not sure what to do, and finally someone must have called the fire department and you could hear fire trucks coming down the street."

"Oh my God," Adam said, unsure of whether to laugh or keep a straight face. But Natalie assured him it was okay to find humor in the story.

"Well, they put out the fire," she said, smiling herself. "But the tree was obviously history. And it was my mom's favorite tree. Boy, did she let Oscar have it."

"What did she do?" Adam asked nervously.

"She took a belt to him," Natalie said unabashed. "Sweetie, times were different back. When you did something wrong, you got punished."

Adam gulped.

"She just comes running into the room, rips Oscar's pants and underwear down, with no thought of me being in the room, and starts whipping his butt with one of her belts," Natalie explained. "I mean his back was to me, so I didn't see his...you know. But I saw his butt, a nice, cute butt I may add. And I thought it was great because I hadn't seen that many boys' butts up until that time."

Adam laughed to ease the tension. He had developed another erection at this time, the head of his penis poking him in the stomach as he bent over to get his iced tea.

"I have to say," Natalie said, going back to her story. "I found it funny at first, seeing my stepbrother get his butt smacked around - his naked butt at that. But eventually I felt I had to leave the room. I just felt bad."

Adam just sat and enjoyed the moment.

"Poor guy. He couldn't walk straight for a few days - his butt was so sore," Natalie said. "But he didn't play with fireworks anymore - I can tell you that much."

She seemed unwilling, at least thus far, to get into the stories involving Dick's nudity.

"And then there was the time Oscar and his friends decided to try making moonshine," Natalie remembered.

Adam laughed, thinking to himself how much his friends often spoke about wanting to get drunk, something they were seldom able to pull off. The parent supervision was too good. But it sounded as though Dick was a crafty one.

"He had something going for a while," Natalie said. "He used to make it in the upstairs bathtub when my mom wasn't around. Used to sell it to people in the neighborhood and everything."

Adam was amazed. His "uncle" did always strike him as an enterprising fellow though.

"Of course, Oscar got a little full of himself and was trying to make the stuff a little bit too often," Natalie said, crossing her legs. "And wouldn't you know it my mom comes home one day, sooner than expected, and finds him in the upstairs bathroom with the tub filled with moonshine."

"Oh no," Adam said.

Natalie leaned back and laughed.

"Yeah. Oh boy did she let him have it again," she said. "That poor kid. But he learned his lesson, as always. I guess it was a good business for him, while it lasted."

The two now drifted into silence for a few moments. This was driving Adam nuts. He was hoping Natalie would speak of her experiences with Dick, that were of a CFNM nature. But she seemed unwilling to do so.

Adam felt he had to press the issue.

"When did you find out about his special gift?" he asked with a grin.

"Oh my God, the saxophone," Natalie replied. "I'm glad you reminded me - Oscar was soooo good on the saxophone."

Adam wanted to knock his head against the coffee table in frustration. He couldn't get any naughty tales out of this woman, as hard as he tried.

"Oscar loved to play the sax," she went on. "He was in the school band for a while, before he played football. Once he got into football, he hardly ever played anymore. It was all about football. Guess he just loved those locker room showers with all the rest of the boys," she said teasingly.

Adam was just about to give up, as his boredom overtook him. But then Natalie got him interested again.

"And then, well, that's about when all the rumors started," she said.

"What rumors?" Adam asked. Natalie's face tightened. She was smiling, but it was though she was holding something back.

"What rumors?" Adam persisted.

"Well," Natalie began. "Um," she began, then stopped. She was really struggling.

"Nat, you can tell me," Adam urged her.

"Well, you know," she said. "I started hearing around school, from people I knew...the rumor was..."

She coughed to clear her throat, and took a breath before starting again.

"The rumor was that Oscar had an enormous penis," she said, tee-heeing a bit as she finished the statement.

Adam felt that nervous feeling in his stomach again, and his heart raced. Just like the first time Natalie spoke about Dick, and the meaning behind his nickname.

"Oh man," he said, wincing a bit after Natalie's last statement.

"Well, sweetie, that's what they said," Natalie said. "And my friends were curious if it was true, and would ask me if I had ever seen his penis, and I told them, quite emphatically, 'No! Of course not. He's my stepbrother for crying out loud.' And even if I had seen him completely naked, I wouldn't be talking about it. Much less his penis, or the size of his penis," she went on.

Adam laughed.

"Can you imagine my reaction to hearing this rumor? My dorky stepbrother, who was always getting himself into some sort of trouble, was supposedly hung like a Clydesdale?" she asked Adam rhetorically.

He just played along.

"And from what I heard, sweetie, it wasn't just big. It was huge," she went on. "Like I heard it was freakishly big..."

Adam found the whole thing amusing, and urged Natalie to go on.

"I wasn't as open back then as I am now," she admitted with a laugh. "But I have to say I was curious."

"Oh, man," Adam said again.

Adam had to take a drink. His heart was still racing, and he tried to calm down a bit as he listened to Natalie's lovely tale.

"My curiosity was peaked at this point, and I really wanted to see for myself this phallic wonder," she remembered with a chuckle. "But what was I gonna do, go up to Oscar and ask him to show me his penis?"

"Plus I wasn't exactly sure what Oscar might want in return," Natalie said. "I wasn't crazy about the idea of possibly showing him my body, if he made that suggestion. I had developed pretty large breasts at that point, and I had already quite a bit of hair down there," she said with a chuckle, "and I didn't feel comfortable about showing my goods to my stepbrother."

Adam had to take a deep breath. Natalie's story was quickly gaining momentum.

"Well, as if fate would intervene," Natalie said with a giggle. "Just about the time I was curious about Oscar's supposed (cough), enormous tallywacker, I started to notice that Oscar, in turn, was acting out in sort of a uh, exhibitionist nature."

"How do you mean?" Adam asked, his hard-on bouncing a bit as he turned to face Natalie more directly.

"Well," she began. "We would always take turns getting showers in the morning. Usually Oscar would go first since I was a little more of a late riser. And his bedroom was further down the hall than mine - he would have to actually walk past my room to get to his. So anyways, this one morning, as I'm laying on my bed, I hear Oscar come out of the bathroom, and I'm still kind of groggy and half asleep, so I sit up and get ready to go into the bathroom, when lo and behold, I swear I saw Oscar walk by my room completely naked!"

"What?!" Adam asked, shocked.

"I rubbed my eyes to make sure I wasn't hallucinating," she said. "But I swore I saw Oscar's gorgeous, naked rear end. I knew what I saw. And I also could make out something uh, swinging back and forth down there."

She was kind of vague, but Adam knew what she was getting at.

"He walked by my room pretty briskly, but for a brief instant I saw something swing up and out, over his lower thigh," she remembered, wide-eyed. "And let me tell you, it wasn't his belt."

She exploded into that rich laughter of hers, but then settled down to go on with her story.

"Sweetie, I remember thinking to myself, 'was that his dork?'" she remembered, her face blushing a bit. "I thought maybe Oscar was playing a joke on me, using some kind of prop to make it look as though he had a really big one."

Adam looked down at his own penis, pre-come still glistening on the tip.

"I let it go for the time being," Natalie said. "But then," she began, clearing her throat. "He started walking by my room naked pretty much every morning. I would always look forward to waking up early and seeing him in the buff. And believe me, I wasn't much of a morning person but this was something to look forward to."

So turned on by her story, Adam's erection throbbed in the open air, seemingly piercing the air with vigorous jerks. This did not go unnoticed by Natalie, who occasionally glanced down at his hardened organ and gave it a smile to display her affection.

"Every morning - every morning I tell you," she began, "he walked by my room naked. And every morning, I could see that big penis of his swinging back and forth between his legs, and for me it was really an eye opener. I hadn't seen any boys naked at that time, and television was even more prudent back than as far as showing any male nudity. God forbid the almighty penis be shown in all its glory."

Adam laughed at her commentary.

"But my goodness, every morning I got treated to quite a bit of naked male flesh," she said. "Oscar was really built back then - I mean, he still is a rugged, strong guy, but the years have added a few pounds here and there. But back then, he was a specimen. Just ripped from head to toe I tell you. Big arms, a washboard stomach you could fry an egg on..."

"Okay, okay," Adam said. "I get it, so what happened next?"

"Well, sweetie," she said. "After this went on for a few weeks, I wanted to confront Oscar about his behavior. And to be honest, I wanted to get a closer look at that enormous penis of his."

Natalie described, in great detail, the day she had an open chat with Oscar about his full-frontal nudity. She remembered it like it was yesterday. And she told Adam how, that morning many years back, she walked out of her room at just the right time, hearing Oscar coming out of the bathroom.

He was indeed naked again, planning to walk by Natalie's room and give her a show. But he was shocked to see the young girl walking towards him. And she stopped him in his tracks, just outside the bathroom. She got a glimpse of his big pecker when he fist came out of the bathroom, but then, to her surprise, he covered up like a shy, little schoolboy.

Both of them 18 years old at the time, this was a moment of discovery for each - Natalie, about to enjoy her first prolonged view of the male form, and what a form it was, and Oscar, about to savor his first extended period of exhibitionism and CFNM.

But he was shy at first, and covered up his privates with his hands. Natalie told Oscar that she knew what he had been up to the last few days, and that if he really wanted her to see him naked, he should just give her a close-up view. She teased him about covering up, and urged him to let her see his penis.

It was at this moment in the storytelling that she showed the most emotion.

"I swear," Natalie said with a big laugh, as she playfully hit Adam on the knee. "I swear, my imagination started playing tricks on me. When he took his hands away from his crotch, his thing hung down so low, I swear I heard it hit the ground."

Adam laughed along with her, all the while his erection grew more fierce.

"I was dumbfounded," Natalie said. "I looked down at that massive thing with just a blank stare. It was beautiful. It was the most beautiful penis I had ever seen, or ever would see."

Adam loved how Natalie was expressing such feelings of arousal.

"Well, so we could have more privacy, and just in case my mom came strolling upstairs, I led Oscar into my room," Natalie said. "I just took a seat on my bed, and had him stand before me. I told him I really liked looking at his penis, and I asked him if I could keep looking for a little while. He had no objections. In fact, he stood there, like a proud peacock, showing off his big dangly man part for my approval."

Adam loved how she was so descriptive, and it only increased his desire to be naked for Natalie. She went on to tell Adam that Oscar's nudity became commonplace after that fateful morning, that he would often walk around the house completely nude when it was just he and Natalie that were home.

Seemingly mundane everyday tasks became a lot more interesting.

"We used to both do the dishes," Natalie remembered. "I would wash, he would dry. I had on my school clothes, and an apron, and there was Oscar, completely nude. Just when I would start to get bored with this boring chore, I would glance over at his willy, and it would perk me right back up again."

She also stressed to Adam, to a fine point, that one of the major vehicles that allowed this behavior to carry on, was that Oscar was never at all threatening towards Natalie, that he never once urged her to also go nude, so a feeling of trust was built up.

"I did have a boyfriend at the time," Natalie told Adam, "so I wasn't about to show Oscar anything that he didn't deserve to see. But if he felt comfortable being naked around me, I have to say I had no problem with it."

"Sometimes I would just sit next to him on the bed and watch him get an erection," she said with a laugh. "I just loved watching it grow from this big floppy thing to a huge, stiff, erection, standing up between his legs like an oak tree."

"Jesus," Adam said.

"Well, sweetie, it was huge," she said. "I never knew it was possible..."

She paused, looked around the room as if somebody might be listening, and then spoke a little softer, but in an equally seductive fashion.

"I never knew it was possible for a guy to have a dick as big as his," she said.

Both Natalie and Oscar lived at home for a while after high school, and Oscar's nudist behavior around the house continued. And he became even more open with Natalie.

"I remember walking in on him in the bathroom on one occasion, and he was measuring himself," she said. "Oscar was like 'I put on another whole inch!'"

Adam listened intently.

"And he wasn't talking about getting taller," Natalie said with a big laugh.

"What did you do?" Adam asked.

"Well I couldn't help but take a glance at it," she said. "And he keeps going on and on about how it got bigger, and I finally said 'I'm happy for you buddy. Now can I please take a shower?'"

Even when Oscar did have clothes on, which wasn't often Natalie stressed, many times his penis would somehow manage to make its presence known. She spoke quite happily about how, one afternoon, a seemingly innocent game of ping-pong turned into a theatre for the absurd.

"I was really, really good," Natalie told Adam. "When I wasn't playing somebody else, I would push the table up against the wall, and practice, if I was bored and had nothing else to do. And as you know, things can get pretty boring growing up in this area (laugh). But anyways, I was playing Oscar one day, and beating him pretty good. He begins to get kind of bored and loses interest in the game. But we keep playing. So at one point, the ball gets away from the table, and I go and retrieve it, and when I come back, I look over and I almost peed myself."

"What happened?" Adam asked.

"Oscar had taken out his dick, and put it up on the ping-pong table," Natalie told him calmly.

"Jesus Christ," Adam said, thinking to himself that Dick was now in fact his idol.

"It just layed there, like a bit, fat snake. I tell him 'uh, I think you better get that thing off the table. That could be an obstruction,'" she said with a laugh. "So lo and behold, he pulls his dick off the table, but goes ahead and serves the ball with his dick still hanging out of his pants."

Adam loved how she was now speaking so candidly.

"I mean, I had seen his big penis several times up until then, so I was pretty used to it, but the fact that he was fully dressed, and his big dork was hanging out of his fly - it just looked so devilishly outlandish," Natalie recalled. "I told him that could be a new look for him. We did try to keep playing, but it was kind of hard to not get distracted. I was trying to focus on the game, but God help me I couldn't stop staring at his dick."

"Yeah, that had to be kind of weird for you," Adam said, understating the situation.

"As we kept playing," Natalie said. "He could see me smiling and checking out his huge penis, and I watched as his cock started to get bigger, and bigger, and bigger."

The same could be said for Adam at this point, as Natalie's naughty story had his penis aching to be touched and fondled.

"There he is, trying to play ping-pong with a massive hard-on, and I tease him, saying something like 'wow, you must really like this game,'" she remembered. "And he smiles, and keeps playing. And keeps losing."

Natalie crossed her legs.

"So after a while, with Oscar looking so ridiculous, with his cock sticking out half a mile, I joked with Oscar and asked him if he could hit the ball with it," Natalie said. "Dear me, it stuck out so far, I started to think, he could use it as a racket!"

Adam began to think about how sometimes, like this very moment, his emotions got him so excited, it would cause him to exaggerate in his mind how big he thought his erection was. He would think his penis was as tall as a skyscraper, but of course, it was just a fantasy. But Dick, however, got to live out many men's fantasies as far as having a giant penis, and Natalie was often around for those experiences, and she was enjoying getting to tell Adam about them.

"I asked Oscar to stand at the end of the table, and I started hitting balls to him, and I wanted him to try hitting them with his huge erection," Natalie said, bending over laughing. "It seemed pretty practical, I swear. His cock was lined up perfectly, right where your racket would be, so all he had to do was swing his hips and try to make contact."

Adam watched Natalie give into hysterical laughter, as the images in her mind were so vivid, they still tickled her to this day. 


bynatalieprendergast©

"I started hitting balls to him, and one after another, he kept striking out," she said, tears now coming from her eyes as she laughed so hard. "I don't know what was funnier, seeing him swing and miss, or the hope that he might hit one out of the park."

"Sounds like he had a big bat to use, that's for sure," Adam chimed in.

"Oh he had some lumber," Natalie said with a big smile. "He wanted to quit after about 20 tries, as he continued to swing his big dick to no avail."

She paused in her story for a moment, almost like she needed to catch her breath.

"Finally, finally! Much to my enjoyment, he actually hit one of the balls - with his dick, and it goes flying across the room, over my head in fact," Natalie said with a more mild chuckle. "It was such good fun. Good times," she said with a giggle.

"Did you ever have him do that again?" Adam asked his step mom.

"Oh, sweetie, I was laughing too hard," she said. "Every time he swung that thing, I almost fell over crying. I almost peed myself I was laughing so hard. And besides, I think he would have beaten me if we played another game. It was like he was playing with three arms!"

Adam didn't have Dick's size, but he would love to take Natalie up in a ping-pong game sometime, and see where it led to. She interrupted his fantasy.

"And with all these nude shenanigans of Oscar's going on, before I knew it..." she began.

"Sweetie, I don't know if it was the subconscious mind taking over or what but...

"Before I knew it, I started calling him Dick!" Natalie said.

"Y-," Adam began, then had to clear his throat. "You were the one that started calling him Dick?"

"Um-mmm," Natalie said. "It just started rolling right off my tongue. Dick. I have to say, that's simply the word that came to mind when I would see him."

She seemed so at ease now discussing the whole origin of his name.

"I remember asking Oscar, can I just call you Dick?" she said with a laugh. "He looked at me kind of funny, but didn't seem to mind at all. So I started calling him Dick. I mean, for crying out loud, when you have one that big, what else should you go by?"

"How 'bout cock?" Adam asked jokingly.

"Sweetie I think people would find it odd if you called somebody cock," Natalie said. "Unless you're a chicken or a rooster."

They both laughed.

"So you were the first one to start calling him that?" Adam asked, kind of praising Natalie.

"Well, sweetie, it's not as profound as Alan Freed coining the term Rock & Roll," she said with a big laugh, "but yeah, I'll take credit for that one."

"I just thought that it was his buddies that started calling him that," Adam said.

"Oh no, that was me. It started as a joke, and he got a kick out of it, but eventually I called him Dick so much that it caught on as his actual name," Natalie told him.

"He started putting it on his test papers. Dick. With a capital D," she said with a big laugh.

She stretched her legs out on the sofa, her feet almost resting on Adam's left leg.

"And the thing about his dick that I can still not get over," Natalie went on, "is that even when he doesn't have an erection, it's huge!"

Adam dropped his head, finding her animated behavior so amusing.

"It's huge, sweetie!" Natalie said. "Most men's dicks, when they're hard, aren't as big as his when it's soft. Damn thing swings back and forth like a pendulum. Like Big Ben. You could almost be hypnotized watching that huge sausage swing back and forth when he walks."

Natalie then told Adam that she knew for a fact that, growing up, Natalie's mom had seen Dick naked often. More in a disciplinary way.

"You have to understand, Adam, that my mom gave Dick NO privacy. She would walk in on him showering, when he was dressing - she gave no thought to seeing him completely naked," Natalie said, foreshadowing the relationship she would one day have with Adam. "I think she felt that boys had to earn the right of privacy. And I don't think she ever felt Dick earned that right."

Adam could now see some similarities between Natalie and her mom, much the same way he had began to notice similarities between Rachel and Natalie.

"And my mom knew he was big," Natalie recalled, speaking of Dick. "I swear, my mom thought his oversized penis was the evil snake in the garden of Eden. I think she thought it possessed him, made him get into trouble all the time."

The pot had made her a little sillier than usual, but some of what she said was based in fact. Natalie's mom, a bit squeamish when it came to male nudity, was almost scared of what Dick had between his legs. And whenever Natalie brought it into conversation, her mom tried to stifle such chat.

"She noticed that I started to call him Dick all the time, and she says 'you shouldn't be joking about that,'" Natalie told Adam.

"I said it's just a nickname, mom," Natalie said.

"She pulls me aside and says 'Young lady, I know why you are calling him that and it is not acceptable to be discussing such things,'" Natalie told Adam.

"I was feeling a little full of myself at the time, and I blurt out 'but his dick is huge!'" Natalie said. "And her eyes almost rolled back in her head. She somehow finds the strength to say 'that's just the way God made him.'"

Natalie's hands then returned to Adam's hard-on, gently stroking it, with enough care and technique as to not send him over the edge right away.

"And Dick was ALWAYS naked," she said. "He loved to just...strut around the house...without any clothes on!"

Adam gulped.

"Was your mom home when he did this?" Adam asked his step mom.

"Oh good Heavens, no," she said, tugging on his penis one more time and then raising her hands into the air, to illustrate a point.

"He hated my mom at first," Natalie said. "She was always bossing him around, giving him all these chores to do...plus she always called him Oscar, which really irritated him," she remembered with a laugh.

Adam was hoping Natalie would go back to stroking him, but now she was caught up in reminiscing.

"I remember once I called him Dick at the dinner table, and my mom pulls me by the ear into the bathroom, and washes my mouth out with soap," she recalled.

"Jesus," Adam answered.

"She was a really religious woman, and frankly, acted like she had a stick up her butt half the time," Natalie said.

They both laughed, and Adam took a drink from his glass.

"She just, wow...she and Dick really clashed," Natalie went on.

"There was this one time, Dick and I were swimming in the lake behind the house," the step mom recalled. "And Dick being Dick, he eventually says he wants to skinny dip, and takes off his bathing suit and throws it onto the beach. I got out of the water and figured I would just watch him swim..."

Adam was loving this story, and his penis displayed that, sticking up as straight as an oak tree.

"Well he is doing the backstroke, so that - "

Natalie laid back for a minute, demonstrating to Adam that Dick's front side was on display.

"You know - this way, I could see his big penis," Natalie explained.

Adam winced a bit, surprised how descriptive she was. She giggled.

"And he keeps swimming and swimming, and I'm just sitting on the beach, my feet in the water, checking out his big penis," she said.

Adam had to chuckle.

"And my mom comes running out of the house - she must have seen Dick from the kitchen window, and she tells him to come out of the lake, screaming at him mind you," she said. "She pulls him by the ear - she loved pulling people by the ear for some reason, and she pulls him all the way into the house."

Adam tried to picture the comic display, and Natalie gave him some more funny imagery.

"Meanwhile his penis," she began, then broke into fits of giggles. "His penis is just swinging and flopping all over the place, with nothing to constrain it. A couple of the neighbor girls in the next yard saw it, and were pointing and laughing..."

Adam hung on her every word.

"You know male nudity was even more frowned upon back then, so seeing it right out in the open like that, let alone what Dick has swinging between his legs, those girls were shocked," Natalie said. She crossed her legs, and grabbed her glass to take an enjoyable drink.

"Then there was this other time - oh my gosh this was a real doozer," Natalie began. "My mom was a big wig at the local church, did a lot of the readings, helped out with a lot of the activities, so she made Dick and I go to church with her every Sunday."

She took one last drag from her joint, then settled back in the sofa to tell her story.

"I used to love to tease Dick by dressing up really nice, because I knew it drove him nuts," Natalie said. "I would wear these really nice dresses to church every Sunday, and on one particular day, I had on a nice white dress, and these really nice white stockings - Dick loved to look at my legs."

Adam could understand that.

"So I'm sitting right next to him the whole Mass, and we were whispering to each other the whole time, cracking each other up, and eventually I take my one shoe off and I start rubbing his leg with my foot," she told Adam. "I could tell he was really enjoying it, so I keep doing it. The Mass keeps going on and on - it was a long one from what I remember, and eventually I look down at Dick's leg, and my God..."

Adam's eyes got big.

"He had a huge erection," Natalie said.

Adam simply waited for her to tell more. He saw Natalie get excited recalling the incident.

"There was this huge bulge going down his left leg, like his dress pants were about to rip open," she said with a laugh. "I thought to myself 'did I do that?'"

Adam knew the affect Natalie could have on men.

"I got a real kick out of it, so I kept trying to sneak glances down at his huge boner, and I even patted it at one point to make sure it was his penis," she said.

Adam suddenly wished he went to church with Natalie more often.

"So everything is cool, me and Dick are having a good old time...until my mom comes walking down the aisle," Natalie said, slapping her thigh. "She comes into our row, and whispers to Dick that she needs him to take up collections - right this instant. She even hands him the basket right then and there."

"Holy shit," Adam said, uttering a rare curse word, but Natalie didn't seem to mind.

"Immediately, Dick is in a panic," she said. "If he stands up, his hard-on is going to be sticking out a mile. If he refuses to go, my mom would have beat him."

"Oh man," Adam said with a laugh, sympathizing with Dick but finding the story quite amusing.

"So he stands up," Natalie went on, "and he's trying - God bless him, he's trying to hide his huge boner, but the damn thing is sticking out down his pant leg. He tries to cover it with his hands, but my mom hands him the basket. He tried to hide it with that, but she shows him how to hold it up, and when she did, she saw his, uh, bulge."

"Oh man, what did she do?" Adam asked desperately.

"Adam, she almost fainted," Natalie said. "She couldn't believe he would be conducting himself that way in church. And you could tell she was amazed by his size. I even kind of caught her giving this look, like she was impressed as much as she was angered by it."

"This is so great," Adam said.

"So poor Dick, he walks out of our row, goes all the way up to the front of the aisle, and starts doing the collection, all the while he's trying to hide his huge erection," Natalie explained. "But there was simply no hiding something like that. Every row he stopped at, you could hear snickers and gasps, some even yelled out."

Natalie then started laughing as she remembered the absurdity of the situation.

"He tried every last way to hide it - he even tried to put one of his hands in his pocket and kind of cover up the long shaft going down his leg, and then he would try to hold the basket with one hand," she remembered, laughing the whole time. "But the basket got too heavy and he bops one little girl in the head with it."

"I wish I could have been there," Adam said, picturing Natalie in that white dress.

"Well when we got home, my mom let Dick have it," Natalie said. "But I swear, I could tell she was kind of amused by the whole thing. Like she didn't actually punish him - she just kind of said that he shouldn't be behaving in that fashion."

Adam nodded.

"I felt kind of bad because I figured it was my fault that his you know what was sticking out like that," she said.

Adam sat there, his erection still on display. Natalie now glanced down at it, and went on with her story from the past.

"The funniest thing was...we had these two outdoor showers in our back yard, down by the lake, and you could see them from the upstairs windows," Natalie said. "Well one day, I come into my room and there's my mom, peering out the window at something. I go over to her, and she's staring blankly out the window."

Adam nodded.

"I look and see that Dick is showering, and he didn't bother closing the door to the shower," Natalie explained. "You could see everything. And as I'm enjoying the show, my mom starts to openly comment on Dick's size."

Adam enjoyed her naughty description.

"So my mom and I have a nice long discussion about Dick's penis, and she didn't at all seem so up tight anymore," Natalie said. "I could tell she enjoyed looking at it as much as I did, maybe even more so, because she had gone through her whole life to that point and not seen anything like that monster."

Adam laughed to break the tension.

"But God, she still called him Oscar all the time, just refusing to go along with everybody else," Natalie said. "Everyone called him Dick. Yeah, it was kind of a dirty meaning behind it, but that was his name!"

Adam shook his head.

"She was like 'oh I can't call him that. It's dirty,'" Natalie said, imitating her mom. "But she didn't seem to mind when we called him Dick. In fact, she started to get a chuckle out of it."

Adam was about to say something, but Natalie interrupted him.

"Oh but there was this one time, when I was setting the table, and my mom was getting the dinner ready, and as I finish, she was like 'oh. You didn't set a place for Dick?'" Natalie recalled.

Adam was surprised.

"I was kind of caught off guard by her finally calling him by his nickname," Natalie said, "and I asked her 'who?' Immediately, she says 'Oscar. Didn't you set a place for Oscar?'"

Adam laughed a bit.

"I kept teasing her, saying 'uh, no, mom, you said Dick,'" Natalie said. "She was like 'no, I didn't. I said Oscar.' She was so embarrassed she used what she thought was a dirty, vulgar curse word."

Natalie bent over laughing, slapping her thigh again, and then hit Adam on the leg.

"Finally, my mom gets fed up and says to me 'well that's what everyone else calls him. I guess I had it stuck in my head,'" Natalie said. "Even my mom called him Dick - just that one time mind you. But let me tell you, hearing it come from a refined church lady like herself, it packed quite a punch."

Adam could only sit and enjoy every moment of company with his hot step mom - her outfit, her stories, her scent, her everything. He knew that all these CFNM tales relating to her, Dick, and her mom must be limitless. There must be a multitude of them, Adam began to realize, like an untapped well.

But the ones he heard Natalie recant so passionately, well, those alone were bringing him close to the edge.

"Well, young man, let's finish up here. Are you going to come or what?" Natalie asked her stepson.

He was shocked by her language, and she giggled lightly.

"Sweetie," she said, grabbing hold of his cock again, "do I have to actually do this for you? I thought you said you masturbated."

Before he could answer...

"The way you're walking around the house with a big hard-on, it looks like you're ready to burst," she said, now furiously stroking his erection up and down. "You have to take care of this."

He never dreamed he would be getting a handjob from his hot step mom. Maybe it was the pot, maybe she was a little lonely, maybe he reminded her so much of his dad. But whatever the case, Natalie seemed so at ease masturbating her 18-year-old stepson.

He had just climaxed the day before, but after spending an entire afternoon with Natalie, while he was totally naked, and hearing her splendid tales from the past, he felt like he hadn't come in a month.

"Ooo, that feels so nice," Natalie said as she jerked him, crossing her legs for him as his glances fell on her thighs. "You do have a nice, smooth cock, sweetie, I have to tell you."

He couldn't believe this. Was this another dream?

"Yeah, as I said before, I like how your cock has some thickness to it," she said. "It has some girth, as they say."

Adam tried to keep his comments to a minimum. He loved when there was complete silence, and all you could hear was Natalie's hand stroking up and down on his penis. She would also moan lightly every now and then, like she was really enjoying herself.

He imagined her getting wet, and dreamed of her riding up and down on his erection.

"Look at that strong, young cock," Natalie said as she continued to jerk him. She made him feel so comfortable, that his feelings for her were perfectly natural, and what she was doing to him was simply a sign of affection. She was nurturing him, bringing him closer to maturity.

Natalie was so calm as she masturbated Adam, and just as he was getting close, he heard the front door open. He couldn't hold back, and gushed forth a thick load of come that seemed to have been pent up in his balls for far too long. Some of it shot out so far, it landed on the edge of the coffee table in front of them.

"Oh my goodness," Natalie said. Adam kept coming, and tried to aim his cock towards Natalie, and successfully, he shot some of his come onto one of her tan legs.

"Oh you naughty boy," she said to him gleefully.

He shot another load onto her legs, this one a thick, long rope that reached all the way down to her ankles and bare feet.

"Oh, baby, give me more, don't hold back," she told him.

She kept milking him, and a nice, thick blob of come landed on the top of her right thigh. It would soon run down each side of her leg. She kept stroking his penis until well after it had relinquished all of its load.

Finally it shrunk down to a thick stump, and both Adam and Natalie sat there, enjoying the moment.

"Good boy," she said to him. "Don't you feel a heck of a lot better now?"

He could only nod, feeling spent.

"We're home!" Rachel yelled from the front door. Adam frantically went about getting dressed, throwing on a bathing suit that he left in the family room the day before. Natalie laughed at his desperate movements. It was almost as if she wanted him to get caught with his pants down.

"Jeez Louise, you don't mind walking around naked all day when I'm home, but Rachel's here and you go running for the hills," she laughed.

He didn't need to explain.

"Sibling rivalry - I get it," Natalie said. "You can't let her see you naked."

Just then Dick and Rachel walked into the family room, and Natalie said she would join them for some aerobics. Adam began to head up to his room, and would soon be leaving for a friend's house down the street.

---------------------------

On his way to the steps, Adam bumped into his stepsister, and the two began to chat as Natalie was showing Dick the broken air conditioner in the other room.

"What did you do today, dork?" Rachel asked her stepbrother.

Adam felt an impulse to brag a bit, to show off how close he and Natalie had become.

"Natalie told me all about what it was like growing up with Dick," he said. "You wouldn't believe the stories she told me."

Rachel had a look of disbelief, and then it turned to indifference.


"Oh please," she said in a snide manner. She leaned in and whispered to Adam. "Did she tell you how she used to charge her friends money to watch Dick masturbate?"

"What?!" Adam asked, shocked.

Rachel let out a wicked, almost evil laugh.

"Oh, little boy," she said. "Natalie gave you the PG-rated version of what went on back then."

Adam's head immediately sank. He felt betrayed by Natalie, like she treated Rachel more as an adult, and him as a child. And Rachel further enhanced that feeling.

"Oh, don't worry, sweetie," she said teasingly, rubbing his shoulder. "I'm sure she'll tell you those stories when she feels you're old enough."

Adam was upset, but he overcame that. He simply wanted to hear more about Natalie's adventures.

"Tell me, please," he begged Rachel, who now started to walk away from him.

"No, no, no," she said. "You'll just have to wait. I'm sure Natalie will tell you at her own discretion," she said with that wicked laugh again.

Adam was burning up inside. He felt an impulse to go and ask Natalie right then and there to tell him more about her erotic encounters with Dick. It seemed Rachel had heard a lot more than he did, and besides, she knew what Oscar's nickname signified a good couple years before Adam did. He didn't feel like waiting another two years to hear more wonderful stories from Natalie, that's for sure.

But for now, Adam felt he had to move on, and he decided to head upstairs, get changed, and go to his friend's.

Natalie, meanwhile, felt the need to keep the party going. She was feeling a little buzz still from the joint she smoked, and she had enjoyed Adam's nudity so much that it made her want to seek other male company.

And Dick had arrived just in time.

Rachel and Dick were dressed in their tights and ready to work out.

"Well I can see you guys are all suited up," Natalie said, eyeing Dick's massive bulge. She then shook her head with an amused grin.

"I see you're wearing your python pants," Natalie said to Dick with a big smile.

"Python pants?" Rachel asked.

Natalie pointed to what she was referring to, which was the very noticeable tubular bulge showing in Dick's tights.

"What do you think I mean?" Natalie asked sarcastically. "You can see his python."

Rachel blushed when her mom directly drew attention to Dick's not-so-private areas.

"Mom!" Rachel said, laughing out of nervousness.

"Well, he wouldn't be wearing those things if he didn't want us to notice," Natalie said to her daughter.

"Hey, I wear these for comfort," the man answered, trying to defend himself.

"Oh sure, Dick," Natalie said sarcastically. "Whatever you say."

Dick and Rachel began to stretch out, and Natalie shamelessly just stared at the outline of Dick's enormous penis.

"Rachel, can I talk to you for a sec?" the mom asked her daughter.

The two headed up to Rachel's bedroom, and Natalie was about to ask her daughter if she could borrow one of her leotards for the workout.

Before she could ask, Rachel interrupted.

"I got Dick to wear those tights again," she said with a big smile.

"Oh I can do better than that," Natalie answered her. Rachel didn't know exactly what she meant by that, but she decided to go with it.

The daughter lent the mom a pair of her tights. The two went back downstairs, with Natalie going into the bathroom to change. But being finicky, she wanted to go change in her room, and went to head back up the steps again, with the tights in hand.

"I don't know if your big butt's gonna fit in those things," the daughter teased her mother.

"She has a wonderful butt," Dick chimed in.

"Well thank you, Dick," Natalie answered. "It's nice to be complimented."

She looked at Rachel, who loved teasing her mom. Natalie did in fact have a ginormous booty, but you'd be hard-pressed to find an ounce of fat when copping a feel. It was just a big, round, luscious ass, and it was something she was proud of. And something Dick often fantasized about.

As Natalie was changing, Dick couldn't help but let Rachel know a secret about her mom.

"You know Natalie used to love to moon people when we were in high school," he whispered to her.

"My mom?" Rachel asked, shocked to hear such a thing.

"She loved showing off that nice butt of hers. And for good reason - it's really a nice one," Dick said. "It's something you've inherited, if you don't mind me saying."

That statement made Rachel a tad uncomfortable, but she knew Dick well enough to not feel threatened. And she was glad to be noticed.

Suddenly Dick and Rachel could hear a consistent thumping noise coming from the upstairs. Rachel got up and started to walk towards the steps, and Dick followed.

The noise continued, so both began walking slowly up the stairs. Eventually they found Natalie, jumping up and down, trying to fit into the black tights that her daughter gave her.

"Look, she can't even fit...," Rachel said, then went back downstairs laughing.

Natalie was finding it difficult to fit her big, round butt into the tights that Rachel gave her, and the top part of her naked ass was exposed, including a couple inches of her sexy crack. Her big, luscious cheeks would not fit entirely in the tights, and as she jumped up and down and tried to force the rest of her booty into the things, it only made the top part of her exposed ass look that much more thick and substantial. Dick wanted to sink his teeth into it.

"Dick, I just can't fit into these things," Natalie said, now chuckling at her own dilemma.

Dick was almost drooling, eyeing her ass. It had been the first time in many, many years he had gotten a glimpse of the butt he always dreamed about.

"I notice you're...not wearing panties?" Dick asked.

"Well I changed from a bathing suit, and I figured it would be easier...there, I got it," she said, finally pulling the things up.

Her ass was ridiculously overemphasized in the black tights, much to Dick's delight. He knew, however, that the sight was going to torture him.

"Well, ya' ready, Dick?" she asked with a smile.

He could feel his penis inching further down his leg, and it was getting so fat and thick that it felt like it was stretching out the elastic in his tights.

Natalie and Dick walked casually into the living room, with Dick sneaking up behind the woman of his dreams to get a better glimpse of her rear.

"Now that is a nice ass," Dick said with affection.

"Behave yourself, Dick," Natalie told him teasingly.

Rachel got the three started with their exercises, and to ease the tension of the workout, Natalie went about making casual conversation.

"It's finally supposed to rain," she said, looking out the window.

The three had slowly gotten into a rhythm, swinging their hips about as Rachel turned on some music and played it at a soft level, thus allowing them to still carry on some conversation.

"Can you believe how hot it was out there today, Dick?" Natalie asked her male friend.

He shook his head.

"You didn't have to be out there in it," he said. "I had to re-shingle a roof this morning all the way on the other side of Boone County. I felt like I was gonna burst into flames."

Natalie and Rachel both chuckled.

"No wonder I couldn't get a hold of you," Natalie said. "Adam and I kept trying to call you but you weren't there. You should at least have a frickin' answering machine."

Dick shrugged at the idea.

"Maybe I'll get you one for your birthday - I know it's coming up," Natalie said.

"Oh, your birthday's coming?" Rachel asked, but was soon cut off by Natalie. "How old - "

"God, it was so hot out there today, I swear a saw a chicken lay a fried egg," Natalie said.

It was quiet for a few moments, then Rachel and Dick both chuckled just to be nice.

"Mom, you really gotta quit it with the bad jokes," Rachel told her mom as they started a new exercise.

"Oh come on, that was funny," Natalie argued. "That was one of my good ones."

"How about, it's so hot, I saw a couple squirrels handling their nuts with pot holders," Dick said, laughing at his own joke.

"Oh God, that's not much better," Rachel said. Dick was still laughing, and Natalie just had a sarcastic grin on her face.

"Mine was better than that, Dick," she said.

"I heard that one from a friend a while back," he said, still laughing. "Sorry, it just came to mind."

The three had broken a sweat, and now took a few minutes of break time just to relax. Natalie went over to the two huge fans that were blowing and moved them closer. She had to break the two old things out of the attic, just until Dick fixed the air conditioner.

"Chelsea's leaving for South Carolina in a few weeks," Rachel said to Natalie, who winced at the topic.

"Oh really?" Dick asked.

"Yeah, I'm gonna go there in a couple years, after I finish junior college," Rachel explained.

"Rachel, you will do no such thing," Natalie said.

"But mom, I want to go!" Rachel whined.

"I don't want you going all the way to South Carolina. There are plenty of good schools around here," she said. "I want you close to home."

"But Adam gets to go to Indiana," Rachel argued.

"First of all," Natalie said with a big sigh, "Adam got a very prestigious scholarship. And going away to school will be good for him. He needs to branch out."

"You're gonna miss the heck out of that kid," Dick said to Natalie.

"Oh of course I'll miss Adam," she cooed. "He and I have grown really close the last few months, really close actually. But Indiana will be good for him."

"You just don't want me going away because you think I'll party too much," Rachel argued.

"Now, Rachel, that is not true," Natalie said.

"Yes it is," Rachel said, her voice at a little bit higher level now.

"Maybe you should let her go to South Carolina," Dick chimed in.

Natalie groaned.

"Stay out of this, Dick, please," she said.

"Mom, I'm gonna be 20 years old at that point, I think I can make it on my own," Rachel said. "Plus, Chelsea will be there and we can room together."

The decision seemed more sensible now, but Natalie still wasn't convinced.

"We'll talk about it," Natalie said.

"That means 'no,'" Rachel answered with a disgusted sigh.

"I said we'll talk about it," Natalie replied. "We're not gonna have this discussion in front of Dick."

"That's because Uncle Dick is on my side," Rachel answered.

"Your uncle is not taking sides," Natalie pleaded with her. "I just think it's a mature conversation that we need to have between mother and daughter, that's all. And because I think of you as a young woman now, and not just a kid, I will fully listen to what you have to say on the matter. That doesn't mean I'm definitely gonna let you go to SC, that just means it's a possibility."

Rachel let out a deep sigh again, the way most teens do when they don't get their way. But at least she had convinced her mom to think about her point of view. And now, Rachel looked at the more lighthearted aspect of it.

"The coolest thing about SC is their mascot is the gamecock," Rachel said. "All of the sports teams are called the Gamecocks, can you imagine?"

"I didn't know that," Natalie said, now chuckling a bit.

"Yeah, Chelsea actually has a hat that says 'Go cocks!'" Rachel told her mom with unbridled enthusiasm. Natalie was amused, but shook her head.

"Rachel, I don't want you picking a school based on their nickname being a slang term for the penis," Natalie told her sternly. Because she said it so seriously, it made it sound even funnier.

"Well that's not the ONLY reason," Rachel argued. "I just thought it was funny. Even at the football games, the fans chant 'Go Cocks!' I'm gonna be a huge Cock fan, I swear."

Natalie and Dick both wanted to correct her for her dirty language, but instead they found more amusement in it than anything. They both had to laugh, but of course Rachel got carried away.

"I'm gonna get Cock season tickets," she went on. "I'm really gonna support my Cocks."

"Rachel, enough," Natalie said with a chuckle. "Please, enough."

The conversation came to a halt for a moment, until Rachel picked it back up again.

"How did cock start to be a slang term for penis anyway?" she asked.

"Well, this is actually kind of funny," Natalie said, crossing her legs and reclining back in her chair. "Cock was always a word for the male barnyard fowl. But it became such a common synonym for penis, that oh, say, 200 hundred years ago or so, some prudish Americans began to refer to the male fowl as a rooster, instead of a cock."

"Oh," Rachel said, fascinated by her mom's knowledge on the matter.

"And then they even changed other words because of the double meaning," Natalie went on. "Apricock became apricot, haycock became haystack, uh, weathercock became weathervane. So forth and so on."

"God, you know a lot about cocks," Rachel said jokingly.

Natalie winced a bit.

"Sweetie, I did live on a farm for a while, okay. What I said is common knowledge in those parts," she said.

Rachel was still amused though by how educated Natalie was on the matter. She figured it must have been a topic she paid close attention to.

The three braved on in trying to get their workout going again, despite the heat.

"Seriously, guys, Adam and I almost suffered of heat stroke in here today," Natalie said. "So what did you do after working on that roof, Dick? You and Rachel went to the lake...what on Earth took you so long?"

Dick was gulping down water, but as soon as he swallowed, he tried to explain to Natalie the situation.

But Rachel took over for him.

"Dick forgot his bathing suit," Rachel explained. "So we had to go ALL the way back to Forest Gardens to get his bathing suit. That cost us an extra hour."

Natalie tried to reason the situation.

"You could have just said forget the bathing suit and gone swimming without it," she said plainly, with no hint of sarcasm or humor in her voice. She was being totally sincere.

Rachel and Dick looked at each other.

"But he couldn't just swim in his clothes," Rachel said.

"Well, duh, you dingbat," Natalie answered her.

Rachel was confused for a second. Then she had an idea of what her mom was getting at, although she found it hard to believe Natalie would suggest such a thing.

"You mean he should have just swam naked?" Rachel asked hesitantly.

"Yeah, why not?" Natalie said in a manner that suggested men swimming nude was a perfectly natural thing.

"But I was there," Rachel said, excited by the idea of seeing Dick naked again but also feeling a little shy about the whole thing.

"Well, sweetie, that would have been okay," Natalie said, giving her approval.

Dick again looked over at Rachel, and she smiled at him, her face flushed a bit.

"Besides, you've seen what he has," Natalie said. "You've seen the 8th Wonder of the World."

That broke the tension a bit, and Rachel and Dick both laughed heartily, along with Natalie.

"Yeah I have seen it, haven't I," Rachel said. "And lived to tell about it."

"Oh it is frightening at first, I'll agree with that," Natalie said, joking along with her daughter.

"What are the actual seven wonders of the world?" Dick asked, interrupting the two for a moment. Natalie was kind of disgusted he had changed the subject a bit.

"Jeez, I don't know, Dick, look it up," she told him.

"Ooo, I know this, I know this," Rachel said.

Natalie was annoyed: "Rachel, this isn't a test -"

"There's the Great Pyramid of Giza," Rachel remembered.

"And the Hanging Gardens of Babylon," Dick chimed in. Natalie shook her head.

"Can we just get back to the workout?" Natalie asked the two.

"Um, oh, the Lighthouse of Alexandria. And the Colossus of Rhodes," Rachel went on.

Dick and Rachel tried to think of the remaining three, and Natalie let out a disgusted sigh.

"Oh, something with Zeus," Dick recalled.

"Oh, that's a good one, the uh, the Statue of Zeus at Olympia," Rachel said.

"Wow, you're smart," Dick told the young one. Rachel now sat down on the sofa next to Dick. The big fella was now in between both Rachel and Natalie, as the three relaxed.

"There's two more," Rachel said to her older male friend. "Can you think of them?"

They were stumped. Natalie knew the two they had forgotten, and to end the little debate, she reluctantly gave the answer.

"You forgot the Mausoleum of Maussollos at Halicarnassus, and the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus," she said in a very dignified tone.

"Oh!" Rachel said. "I always forget those. We had a test where part of it was we had to name all seven, and God, I remember those were the two I forgot."

Natalie just nodded.

"So the Seven Wonders are the Great Pyramid of Giza, the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, the Statue of Zeus at Olympia, the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus, the Mausoleum of Maussollos at Halicarnassus, the um, wait, oh, the Colossus of Rhodes, and the Lighthouse of Alexandria," Rachel said, now able to recite them all.

"Very good," Natalie said. "And of course the 8th Wonder would be your uncle's enormous penis."

Rachel was shocked her mom just said that right out in the open, as was Dick. He playfully grabbed Natalie's waist, tickling her, and making her giggle even more.

"Is that official?" Rachel asked jokingly. "Is it really the 8th Wonder of the World?"

"Oh dear me, yes," Natalie joked back. "Scholars have come from all over to get a glimpse of it, admire it, question the meaning behind it."

Dick was really laying into Natalie now, tickling her and even smacking her on the behind for teasing him so. She forcefully got up from the chair to escape his grasp.

There was a moment of silence, and Rachel felt awkward, not knowing where to take the conversation.

"God, Mom, I can't believe you said that," she said. "I love how you just talk about his...you know what...like it's casual conversation."

"Oh, sweetie," Natalie said. "There's no reason we can't talk about it. It's just a penis...A very big penis at that, but after all just a penis."

Rachel was still blushing, but she was getting excited at the same time. She could even feel a little tingling down below, like the thought of seeing her 'uncle' naked again had began to get her moist.

"Here, let me ask Dick," Natalie said. "Dick, does it make you uncomfortable when we talk openly about your big schlong?"

The question itself was lewd enough, but Dick gave her a sincere answer.

"No, I'm fine with it," he said.

"See, Rach, he's perfectly fine with it," Natalie told her daughter.

Rachel looked at her 'uncle,' enjoying the sight of his big, muscular body, and that this big hulk of a man was seemingly at the mercy of the two women.

"Can I ask you a question?" Rachel asked Dick, kind of in a shy fashion. Natalie was interested in what she had to say, as was Dick.

"Sure, go right ahead," Dick said.

"You had two brothers, right?" she asked him.

"Yeah," Dick answered.

"Bernie and Peter," Natalie remembered.

"Well," Rachel began. "Bernie and Peter...do they have big dicks too?"

Immediately, Natalie was delighted with her daughter's interest, and brazenness. She reminded her of herself at that age. Rachel, in turn, was feeling a little bit more gutsy because of her feelings of arousal when Dick was around, and it allowed her to use such coarse language without hesitation.

"That is a damn good question," Natalie said laughingly. "I don't even think I've ever asked you that," she said to her close friend.

Dick was hesitant to answer, not liking the idea of even thinking of his brothers' size. But the women persisted he tell them.

"I was the biggest one in the family - I'll put it that way," Dick said. That was good enough for the women, and the conversation could move forward.

As much fun as they were having just chatting away, Natalie insisted they get on with their workout, but after a few more exercises, Dick's appearance again caught the attention of Natalie and Rachel. 



"Do you always wear it down your left leg? Is that some sort of fashion statement?" Rachel asked Dick, staring openly at his massive cock bulge.

He tried to laugh it off, but Natalie demanded an answer.

"She asked you a question, Dick," she told him. "Answer the girl."

He smiled at Rachel, and she smiled back.

"Um, it's whatever side I feel like wearing it on that particular day," he said. His large penis snaked all the way down to the lower portion of his thigh.

"That looks cool, I guess," Rachel said. "Hmm. Let me see it on the right side. Can you adjust it and switch it over to that side?"

Natalie stifled a laugh. She couldn't believe Rachel's curiosity, and how she was acting on that curiosity.

"Um, I guess, sure," Dick said. He was about to go to the bathroom to carry out the task, but Natalie insisted he stay.

"Come on, you can do it here. We're big girls, we can take it," Natalie said.

Dick reached into his tights, much to the amusement of the two women, and reached down his left pant leg, brought his penis up and then tucked it down his right pant leg. Rachel got a kick out of it, but Natalie wasn't satisfied, as she was disappointed Dick didn't actually pull his penis completely out of his pants. It stayed covered the whole time.

"Sheesh, it's just as big on the other side," Rachel said, as she walked right up to Dick and stared blatantly down at his crotch.

"What if...what if you put it out in front?" Natalie asked. "Like roll it up."

"Roll it up," Rachel repeated with a laugh.

"Roll it up, like a garden hose," Natalie joked. Her and Rachel were now reduced to girlish giggles.

Dick was sort of getting annoyed with having to show the two women all the different ways he could wear his penis, but the hope of getting some attention from Natalie kept him plugging along. Little did he know he would be getting plenty of attention not just from Natalie, but also from her younger clone - the 18-year-old Rachel.

As he again kept his penis in his pants while he readjusted it, much to the chagrin of Natalie and now Rachel as well, Dick bundled up his penis into a tight ball and let it hang out in front of him. The sight was so outlandish it looked like something out of a filthy cartoon.

"Oh God that's worse," Natalie said.

Rachel could barely look, as the sight of Dick's massive wiener created a bulge so enormous, it looked as though he had stuffed a couple of coconuts in his pants.

"That's a whole lot of man," Rachel teased. Natalie high-fived her daughter. They sure were having a great bonding experience. Lost in the moment, the right strap on Rachel's leotard nearly fell over her shoulder, which may have temporarily exposed one of her big, luscious breasts to Dick, but she was quick enough to snag the flimsy material, and stay covered up. It was a tortuous moment for Dick, who was so close to seeing the promised land, only to have it snagged away.

The women continued to tease him. As he moved around a bit, the nylon material barely constraining his massive dork could actually be heard stretching, like it was going to rip any second.

And his bulge was only getting bigger.

"Look I can rest my feet on it," Natalie said as she took a seat on the sofa and put her feet up on Dick's enormous bulge. She wasn't exaggerating, as her cute, little feet actually could rest upon the giant penis. And with this, as her legs were outstretched, her feet at Dick's waist, his feeling of arousal only increased.

Rachel stood back and enjoyed the sight.

"It actually makes a really good footrest," Natalie teased. "See, everyone is good for something, Dick."

"Oh, I wanna try," Rachel whined. "Let me see."

Natalie got up from the sofa, and let her daughter have a go at it. Just like her mom, she stretched out her legs, and let her adorable, bare feet rest on Dick's insanely-huge bulge. Only unlike her mom, she started caressing Dick's penis with her feet. The mom could see what she was doing, but had no problem with it.

"Does that feel good, Dick? What she's doing there with her feet?" Natalie asked the man.

Dick was reluctant to say 'yes,' but he had to be honest.

"Yeah," he answered.

"Can you feel it getting bigger?" Natalie asked her daughter.

"Shit, yeah," Rachel answered. Her mom excused her for the swear word.

"God, it feels like it's gonna burst out of his pants," Rachel said, as she continued to wriggle her toes around Dick's big penis. When her legs got tired and she pulled them away, she saw the bulge in Dick's tights had grown so big, and the material was stretched so thin, you could actually see into his tights a little bit, and clearly make out the outline of his penis. It went from being bundled up in a huge ball, to extending out in front of him, pushing the tights out as far as they could go.

"You should join the ballet," Rachel teased her 'uncle.' "I bet all the female ballerinas would get a big kick out of seeing you in tights."

"Yeah," Natalie said with a laugh. "Those pretty, little things could stand up on his dick and use it as a platform to pirouette from."

Rachel burst out laughing, and as the image Natalie created sunk in even more, it only made her laugh even harder.

"I'm serious," Natalie went on, getting a drink of water. "His dick would be the star of the show."

Now lost in the moment with her daughter, Natalie felt totally fine with using dirty slang terms to describe Dick's anatomy. And her daughter was taking full advantage of the situation, and enjoying this experience greatly.

"Can you imagine..." Rachel began, pondering something. "Can you imagine (laugh), a whole stage full of male dancers in tights, with dick bulges as big as Dick's, and they actually had to perform a whole ballet?"

"Then I might actually go to the ballet," Natalie said. "See, that would be entertaining."

Rachel laughed it up, and was getting so turned on by Dick's attire, and the conversation.

"Of course," Natalie began, "I would just assume have the female ballerinas dance in their leotards - you know, like normal. And have the male ballerinas dance completely nude."

"Oh my God!" Rachel squealed.

"But that's just me," Natalie said. "That would be my version of The Nutcracker, no pun intended."

Dick just stood there, with a brave grin. He felt like he might burst at any second, but he pushed on.

"I love you, mom," Rachel said openly. "I love that you're my mom. I love that I came from you."

The two did in fact have a much closer relationship than most mothers and daughters, and as they went to share a hug, Rachel's top fell off, and her left bosom was exposed for a split second. Dick could not see it, as Natalie was in the way, but the mom saw her daughter's large breasts suddenly flop into view.

"Rachel, go change your top, you keep coming out of that thing," the mom said.

The daughter groaned, but did as told, and went upstairs and changed into a black leotard that was much more concealing. It still showed off her great legs, and her breasts filled the thing out quite well, but much to Dick's misfortune, there was no chance of any frontal exposure.

As Rachel was getting changed, Natalie made small talk to ease the sexual tension between her and Dick. There he was, standing there with an enormous erection that was tenting out the front of his tights, but Natalie was oblivious to it, for the moment. Sure, she knew it was there, but she wanted to wait until Rachel returned to have more fun with the well-endowed gentleman.

"It really has to rain today. My flowers are going to shrivel up and die soon if we don't get any rain," Natalie said, looking out the window.

"Can you do a rain dance for me, Dick?" she asked him with a laugh. "Can you make it rain for me, please?"

Dick walked over to her, his huge erection sticking out in front of him. He looked out the window, alongside her.

"Give me a hundred bucks and I'll put in a whole new flower bed for you," he said.

"Yeah, you can kiss my ass," she told him.

"May I?" he asked, in a serious tone. She kidded along with him for a moment, then took a look over and saw that Rachel was still upstairs.

"You got five seconds," she told him. Much to his surprise, Natalie turned around, with her back towards him, and yanked down her leotard, pulling it down over her big ass cheeks, and displaying her gorgeous rump to Dick.

Dick immediately dropped to his knees and began kissing each big cheek, moaning as he did so. He even pushed them together, to make them even more substantial, and again he planted kiss after kiss after kiss on each half of her bottom.

"Okay, okay, I said you could kiss it, not worship it," Natalie said, struggling to get her leotard back up over her huge booty.

"An ass like that should be worshipped," Dick told her. She gave him a smirk.

"Just shut up," she told him. He laughed.

"God, the things I do for you, and all you can do in return is give me a broken air conditioner," she said.

"Nat, I'll fix it, I promise," he said.

"Yeah, yeah, your promises aren't worth much, Dick," she said, sitting down and beginning to read a magazine.

"You know I think that's the first time in years you've let me see that delicious booty of yours," he said, rubbing her leg, just above the knee.

"Yeah, well, I hope you enjoyed it, because that may be the last time ever, if you don't fix our air conditioner," she warned. He thought for a moment.

"You know I've still never seen your kitty cat," he said.

She smiled.

"Felix died years ago," she said teasingly, referring to the former family cat.

"That's not what I meant," Dick answered.

"Yeah, well, if you're referring to what I think you're referring to, don't even think about it," she said. "I told you before, my kitty cat is a little afraid of snakes as big as yours."

He ducked his head, kind of sad.

"But you are fun to have around though," she teased him, lifting her eyes from her magazine. "Sort of like a pet, or a really good mascot."

He laughed as she patted him on the head.

"How about you show me those wonderful, big breasts of yours?" Dick asked her.

"How about you fetch me a glass of iced tea?" she fired back. "While you're gone, I'll think about it."

Dick got up, and before he even made it out of the room, Natalie called to him.

"Dick, I thought about it, and the answer's no," she said with a teasing laugh. He could only laugh along with her, and went to get her drink.

"Adam made some iced tea this afternoon, Dick," she called to him. "There should be a fresh pitcher still in there."

As her well-hung male friend got her drink, Natalie contemplated opening up with Dick about Adam's sudden fascination with CFNM. And how it reminded her of Adam's father, and the fun she used to have with him, and Dick as well.

As Dick returned, she gave into the impulse.

"You know I was chatting with Adam - thank you, Dick," she said, grabbing the iced tea. "I was chatting with Adam this afternoon, and I told him about the first time I saw your - "

Just then Rachel flew down the steps, ready to get on with the workout, and Natalie's conversation with Dick would have to wait.

"There, that's a whole lot better," Rachel said, sporting a black leotard now. She was equally gorgeous in this one, and now more covered up to an extent, which only made it a more teasing affect for Dick.

"Are you comfortable now?" Natalie asked her daughter.

"Yeah," Rachel asked. "A lot more comfortable than Uncle Dick, that's for sure."

She looked down at Dick's bulge, which was still threatening to burst through the front of his pants.

"Those tights do look really constrictive," Natalie said to her male friend. "Do you want to take them off?"

"Nah," Dick said. "I didn't bring a change of clothes."

Natalie glanced at Rachel with a big smile.

"That's fine," Natalie said. She looked Dick square in the eye.

"I don't even have underwear on - I changed from my bathing suit into these because we were in such a rush to get over here," Dick explained.

"Oh, who needs underwear," Natalie told him, waving her hand. "Just take those silly tights off for crying out loud."

Dick looked over at Rachel, and she was smiling, although blushing, and biting her lip out of nervousness.

"W-w-wait. Let me get this straight," Dick said to Natalie. "You want me to work out...naked?"

"Come on, it'll be fun," Natalie answered. "This workout's starting to get pretty boring. We need something to spice it up."

"Mom!" Rachel said. The young girl's heart raced with excitement, but she was still struggling to overcome her shyness.

"Rachel, there's nothing wrong if Dick wants to work out in the nude," Natalie said. It was actually Natalie who came up with the idea, but Dick didn't mind the thought of it either.

Rachel appeared flustered. She was excited with the idea, but somewhat nervous as well.

"What, are you offended by the naked male form?" Natalie teased her daughter.

"No, no, not at all," Rachel answered right away, wanting to show she was a young woman, and not a little girl anymore.

Dick was still a bit hesitant to get undressed, standing there with his arms at his sides.

"You're not getting shy on us, are you, Dick?" Natalie asked. He shook his head 'no,' and Natalie told him to simply take off his clothes.

"Just take those silly tights off," she told him again. "And take your shirt off while you're at it. Let us see those big muscles of yours."

Dick took his shirt off first, and his big arms, huge shoulders and bouncing pecs got the women excited to see even more. He took off his sneakers, and his socks, and the only thing left was the tights. His erection had subsided, due in part to the fact that he didn't want to scare Rachel when it came springing out of his pants.

Dick finally pulled down his tights, and as he did so, his penis was completely unveiled, and although totally flaccid, it dangled between his legs like a big, fat summer sausage.

"I love how it just flops right out," Rachel said with a girlish giggle.

"I think it's relieved to be freed," Natalie said with a sexy laugh. "Poor thing was probably being strangled in those tights."

Rachel, at first could not even look at it. She ducked her head, her face bright red.

Natalie, in contrast, was perfectly at ease in staring at his monstrous member, and her sexy smile immediately caused Dick to feel a stir in his penis.

It went from simply hanging between his big muscular thighs, to growing longer and thicker, and it did take a little while for it to reach its full potential, considering its enormous size.

Dick's penis, although bouncy, was so thick and sturdy at the same time. It extended out in front of him almost a foot.

"I think it's finally at full mast," Natalie said with a huge grin.

"Now that's a boner," she further commented, giving into that hearty laughter of hers. "That's a Gamecock for ya,' Rach."

Rachel was getting wet, which made her feel even more shy, but she found the courage to look openly at Dick's massive wang.

"My God, you must have the biggest dickhead I have ever seen," Natalie said to her male buddy. Rachel could already see this day would be like no other - her mom was being more candid and raunchy than ever, and treating Rachel as though she were an equal, rather than a kid.

"Look, Rach, come here," Natalie told her 18-year-old daughter. "Look at the head on this thing. Look, look, it's almost as big as my fist for Christ's sake."

Natalie held up her fist, alongside Dick's huge member for comparison. It was awfully close, as Dick's huge, engorged cockhead looked like an oversized mushroom.

Natalie, as she often did, started casual conversation, even though she and her daughter were in the presence of a fully naked male.

"Oh, Rach, remember me telling you about that woman at work that kept stealing my parking space?" she said to her daughter. "Well, she got fired, for some other violations."

"Oh, cool," Rachel said. The young woman did take casual glances at Dick's penis, but she didn't want to be overly obvious about it.

Her and Natalie began talking more about Rachel starting school in a few weeks, and what courses she was going to take. Dick offered advice every now and then, but the two women seemed reluctant to pay him any mind.

It was as if he was there just for their visual enjoyment, but just when he began to enjoy their attention, they would seemingly ignore him, and his penis, creating the ultimate teasing affect.

"Rach, come into the kitchen with me for a moment. Dick, you stay here and do some stretches - I don't want you pulling anything," she said. Dick soon would be pulling something, but not in the fashion Natalie was referring to.

As the mother and daughter went into the kitchen, Natalie showed her how to use the new dishwasher, in case she ever needed to use it when she wasn't around. And they both poured another glass of iced tea.

Natalie seemed oblivious to Dick's sudden nudity, but Rachel had to mention something.

"I think I only looked at his penis two or three times," the daughter said. "I'm trying my hardest not to stare."

"Oh, stare all you want," Natalie told her. "Ever since he took off those tights, I haven't been able to take my eyes off that big prick of his."

Rachel, of all people, was a little stunned hearing such coarse language.

"Mom, I've never heard you use so many animated words for the penis," she teased her mom.

"Well, you're a grownup now," Natalie told her. "You can take it."

"When Adam's around," Natalie added, "I have to use a little more discretion. He is a bit more sensitive, you know."

"Yeah, virgin ears," Rachel teased. The mom giggled.

When they finally returned to the family room to get on with the workout, Dick now stood next to Natalie, the two of them facing Rachel, as though Rachel was the instructor. Rachel found the sight such an amusing contrast - there was Natalie, fully dressed in a sexy leotard, standing next to a fully-naked man, his enormous penis hanging down between his legs, perfectly visible to both women.

Natalie was nonchalant about the whole thing.

"Come on, Rachel. Chop chop, let's get this workout going," she told her daughter. "I cleared time in my afternoon so we could do this, so let's get started."

Rachel still couldn't speak. She was blown away by Dick's nudity.

"What exercise do you want us to do first?" Natalie asked her, trying to help her along.

Rachel found it hard to form any thoughts. She was mesmerized by Dick's huge muscles, and huge...

To break the tension, Dick simply wiggled his hips, making his penis swing from left to right and smack against his big thighs.

Natalie and Rachel both burst out laughing. Rachel seemed even more taken by the huge, floppy appendage, mainly because she hadn't seen it as often as Natalie, and wasn't that familiar with the sight of a naked, male penis.

"Can you like, swing it around in a circle?" Rachel asked him.

Dick, wanting to show off, did just that, gyrating his hips so that his penis, now having returned to its flaccid state, swung around like a propeller on a helicopter.

"That's an exercise in itself," Natalie said.

Rachel laughed.

"What's so funny?" Natalie asked her daughter.

"Can you imagine (laugh), can you imagine if Adam walked in and saw this?" Rachel asked her mom. Natalie rolled her eyes.

"He would have a heart attack, he really would," Natalie said, eyeing Dick's huge, hanging penis.

"Where is that little twerp anyway?" Rachel asked.

"Oh, he's over at one of his friend's house for the rest of the day," Natalie answered her. "He won't be back for a while."

"Probably putting together a bunch of Star Wars models," she teased.


"He is such a dork," Rachel said.

"Rachel, don't call your stepbrother a dork," Natalie argued. "He's a delightful young man. Plus he's really been helping me out at the office."

"See, some people can be helpful, and other people, like Dick here, pretend to be helpful, but end up giving you a broken air conditioner," Natalie said in a snide tone.

"Nat, I didn't know it was broken," he argued with her. Rachel found it arousing that as Dick got into more of a heated conversation with Natalie, his penis flopped around a little bit more.

He had to once again convince Natalie that he would in fact fix her air conditioner, and that it was tops on his priority list for the next day.

Natalie and Rachel, although fully enjoying Dick's nudity, weren't gonna let it interfere with their workout.

"I really did want to get some knee lifts in," Rachel said.

"Oh, that's fine," Natalie answered her. "I'll do them with you."

"What do you do, you -

"You bring your knees all the way up to your stomach, like this," Rachel said, demonstrating the exercise for her. Not only was it an affective exercise, but it was also fun to watch. Dick felt like just pulling up a chair and watching each of the gorgeous women do the exercise over and over again - each time they brought their leg up, he had a great view of the underside of each of their thighs. They both looked so good in their leotards, almost too good for Dick to handle.

"You gonna do these with us, Dick?" Natalie asked the man, who was standing around doing nothing.

"Yeah, come join the rest of the class," Rachel said.

Dick reluctantly began to try to do the workout, and a man of his dimensions was not really meant for this exercise. His penis, now fully erect and sticking out like a baseball bat, was getting in the way. Every time he tried to bring one of his knees up, it would collide with his massive erection, much to the amusement of the two women.

"Boy, you're really struggling there huh," Natalie said.

"Dick, you're not doing it right," Rachel teased him. "Here, like this," she demonstrated. It was so easy for her, not to easy for Dick.

He kept kneeing his own penis each time he tried to do the exercise. As he tried in vane to do it, only doing so because the women got a kick out of it, Natalie and Rachel had finished up their workout, and decided it was time to move on to other things.

Dick's penis, alternating between its erect and flaccid states, now drooped down between his legs, almost halfway to his knees.

"Don't mean to leave you hanging, Dick, no pun intended," Natalie said, "but we really do have to get to the mall."

Natalie told her male friend he was welcome to stay a while, but that he should clean up after himself and not leave anything on when he left.

She and Rachel bid farewell to the nude gentleman, and headed for the door. Rachel, thinking it might be a good time to broach the SC subject, while her mom was in a good mood, brought it up again, but to no avail.

"Rachel," the mom said as she shut the front door behind them and headed for the car. "I don't want to talk about this any more today."

"But Mom, it's not that big a deal," the daughter persisted. "All of my friends are going away to school. And I wouldn't be going away for another two years."

Thunder now boomed in the distance, allowing Natalie to change subject.

"Oh rats, sounds like it's gonna rain," Natalie said. Just then, big, fat rain drops began to fall, not giving Natalie and Rachel much time to think.

They sprinted to the car, got in, and slammed the doors. It began raining so heavily, Natalie wanted to wait until it calmed down a bit so they could get going, safely.

"Maybe I could have Dick drive us," Natalie pondered for a moment, while the rain came down even harder.

"This sucks," Rachel said, voicing her displeasure. She didn't have much patience in situations like this.

"I hope Adam's under cover," Natalie said, as lightning shot across the sky. Rachel let out a disgusted sigh.

"I don't understand why you'll let the king of the dorks go away to school, but not me," she continued to argue.

"Rachel, enough," Natalie said. "Jeez Louise, it is really raining. But we did need this, for sure."

The sudden downpour foreshadowed a different kind of flood that was soon about to take place. As the rain relented, enough so that it was reduced to a drizzle, Natalie commented to Rachel that there was a rainbow in the distance, and the mom got out of the car and attempted to run inside to get an umbrella, just in case it rained again.

On her way into the house, though, she peered into the front window, and was startled with what she saw. Dick was reclining in one of the chairs, stroking his enormous hard-on without shame.

"He's fuckin' jerking off," Natalie said to herself. She was sort of angry with him for putting on this sort of display, but also aroused. His penis looked so big and hard, and as he stroked it, Natalie could see veins bulging out on the sides of it, and the head seemed to be so swollen, Dick was in desperate need for release.

Natalie was content to stand at the window and keep watching the man stroke himself off, but Rachel came up behind her, startling her so much that their cover was almost blown.

"What are you doing?" Rachel asked Natalie impatiently. "Thought you were just getting an umbrella?"

"Jesus, Rachel, look what you made me do," Natalie said, noticing she had crushed a few of the roses planted right outside the window.

"Sorry," Rachel said half heartedly. "What are you looking at?'

Rachel tried to peer into the front window, but her mom immediately pulled the young woman back.

"It's just Dick," Natalie said.

"What's he doing?" Rachel asked curiously. Natalie figured she had to tell her the truth, and kind of wanted to get back to watching the well-endowed man pleasure his own massive rod.

"He's uh..."

"What?"

"He's...masturbating," she finally said, emphatically.

"No fuckin' way!" Rachel said, immediately running over to the window. She gasped at what she saw, and her mom urged her to be quiet.

Dick's huge hard-on pointed up towards the ceiling like a modern-day skyscraper, and now he was using two hands to stroke it up and down, seemingly showing off without even knowing he was being watched.

"That is so fucking cool," Rachel said.

Natalie gave her a harsh look.

"Rachel, what have I told you about the f-word?" she asked.

"Sorry," Rachel replied. The two women now fought for position, and Natalie was able to use that big, sexy butt of hers to push the younger one out of the way.

"I can't see," Rachel whined, craning her neck.

"How can you not see?" Natalie asked with a laugh. "It's as big as the television for crying out loud."

Natalie didn't need to spell out what she was referring to, and yes, "it" was awfully huge.

"God, look at him go," Natalie said, impressed with Dick's handiwork. "One hand, then the other, then both hands...very fluid motion."

Rachel cracked up, and now traded places with the mom, watching Dick beat off his enormous dork.

"I'm gonna ring his neck," Natalie said. "I can't believe he is masturbating in my family room, with the shades open for crying out loud. Christ, when he was working out in the nude, at least I closed the shades! I only opened them back up to let some sun in, and Dick goes ahead and starts beating off. Anybody walking by could see this."

Natalie pretended to be angry with Dick, but in fact she loved his naughty, risqué behavior, and she enjoyed soaking it in.

"Maybe it's not his fault," Rachel said laughingly. "Maybe his dick has like a hold over him, or something."

"Rachel, there's no excuse for behavior like this," Natalie fired back. "God, right out in the open."

The two women continued to fight for position in front of the window, looking at the spectacle that was unfolding before them. They loved how Dick's cock throbbed and elongated in his hand every time he stroked it.

Natalie, acting on an impulse, decided she wanted a better look.

She started to head for the front door, and she knew Rachel would follow her into the house. She knew it was pointless to try and stop her.

As they walked in, they saw Dick immediately fly up from the chair, as if somebody had set fire to it. He jumped over to the sofa, and tried in vain to cover his huge erection with a small pillow.

"Watcha' up to, Dick?" Natalie asked with enthusiasm.

He was out of breath, and it wasn't from the aerobics.

"Noth-nothing," he stuttered. "Thought you guys were going to the mall."

Natalie and Rachel looked at each other and smiled. Rachel covered her mouth, still unable to believe what she had witnessed.

"Well, Dick, it started raining, so we decided to wait it out, and I had to run in here for an umbrella," Natalie explained.

Dick nodded, trying to act casual. He still hadn't caught his breath. Sweat ran down his face, both from exhaustion, and from tension.

"You look really frazzled. Did we interrupt something?" Natalie asked, now sitting down next to Dick on the sofa. She crossed her legs, putting one leg over the other, and he couldn't help but look down at those gorgeous limbs of hers, and his erection became even harder to hide.

"I was just, just about to watch television," Dick stammered.

"Hmm. Cause from the window, it sure did look like," Natalie began, than paused for affect. "It sure did look like you were beating off."

Dick was embarrassed beyond belief, and didn't know what to say.

"I saw you jerking off, Dick, and so did Rachel," Natalie said. Rachel now sat down on the other side of Dick, who was still clutching the pillow.

"Dick, why don't you give me that pillow," Natalie ordered him. He was reluctant at first, but gave in to her demand. When he handed it to her, his huge erection sprang into view, bouncing up and down between his legs in a vulgar fashion. Rachel gasped audibly, and voiced her amazement.

"What got into you?" Natalie asked him harshly, as though she was scolding a child.

"It's you two," Dick said. "You guys got me so worked up with all your teasing and your aerobics, and looking so damn sexy in those damn leotards...I hadn't had release in a week, and I just couldn't hold out any longer."

Natalie and Rachel both giggled with delight, pleased with the affect they had on the handsome hunk. His dick bobbed up and down, stabbing the air with vigorous jerks, appearing as if it yearned to be stroked and fondled.

"You were breaking more of a sweat stroking your cock than you did the whole time we worked out," Natalie said to him.

"He has a lot of ground to cover," Rachel joked, looking at his freakishly long tool as it stood up proudly. Natalie leaned over, whispered in Rachel's ear, and Dick could see they were devising a plan. Whatever it was, Rachel was thrilled with the idea, and Natalie let Dick in on the fun.

"Do you want us to finish you off?" she asked him. He looked at Rachel, who licked her lips as she eyed his massive cock. It was obvious Natalie wanted Rachel to experience for the first time what it was like to physically manipulate such a huge meat stick.

Before Dick could even answer Natalie, she had already taken control of the situation.

"Rachel, I want you to take hold of his cock," Natalie told her daughter. "Take hold of it around the base."

She was a bit nervous at first, but her mom reassured her.

"Don't be shy, sweetie, just take hold of his big prick and grasp it firmly around the base," she told her.

Rachel grabbed his robust hard-on, and marveled how big around it was. She could barely encircle it with her tiny hands.

Natalie, meanwhile, picked up Dick's balls in her hands, gauging their weight. Now she knew why Dick could hardly contain himself.

"Okay, now Rachel, I want you to do me a favor," Natalie said. "He really looks like he's gonna explode so, try to aim his prick out and away from him - that's it. I don't want you shooting him in the face. Plus I'd like to see how far this thing can shoot."

Rachel began with slow, sure strokes, taking her time as she jerked him off. Dick was living his fantasy. For long he had lusted for Rachel, as year after year she had grown more and more like her mom. So much so, it was like Dick was looking at the teenage version of Natalie.

The mom was impressed with how Rachel was working Dick's enormous organ, and saw that he was so aroused, it looked as though his penis might break through its skin.

"We really got you worked up, didn't we, Dick," Natalie said soothingly.

"My hands feel so small," Rachel told her mom. Her tiny fingers seemed so out of place on the man's giant tool, but she was doing her darndest to get him off.

"It's like as big as my arm," Rachel said.

All three of them laughed.

"Just keep (laugh), just keep stroking his cock, Rachel," Natalie told her.

She did just that, and Natalie meanwhile, picked up a stack of 8-tracks that had been sitting on the floor in front of Dick, and moved them away, taking them out of the line of fire.

Natalie then took matters into her own hands for a minute.

"Here, let me see, Rachel," Natalie said, taking Dick's penis in her hands and gently pushing her daughter aside.

"Mom! I wanna do it," Rachel whined.

"Oh hush, I'm just seeing something, I'll give it back to you," Natalie said.

The mom was giving Dick's penis a quick inspection of some sort, seeing how close he was to erupting.

"Okay," Natalie told her daughter, letting go of Dick's massive hard-on. It bounced up and down for a few seconds as it was now momentarily unattended. "He is really gonna shoot, and shoot a lot, so I want you to keep pumping his cock even after he erupts."

Rachel took Dick's cock back in her hands and started stroking it once again.

"Rachel, do you understand?" the mom asked. "I don't want you to be shocked when he first ejaculates. Hold onto his dick and keep stroking it."

"Okay," Rachel mumbled.

"Rachel? Did you hear me?" the mom asked, lecturing her as she looked on.

"Yes, mom, I heard you," Rachel said. The mom was persistent.

"Just hold onto his dick and keep pumping it," she told her frankly. "Dick really shoots a lot of come to begin with and I think we both really got him worked up so..."

Rachel looked down at it and awe, and enjoyed the feel of his manhood. Dick would gaze at the women's large breasts as they pushed out against their tops, and every now and then he would give into the moment and lean back in the sofa, with his eyes closed, moaning aloud.

"He shoots....I mean these are ropes, sweetie," Natalie told her daughter. "These aren't just little dribbles. Dick has some really big balls, and those things have a lot of sperm, so...be prepared."

"My arm's getting tired," Rachel said with a laugh.

"Do you want me to take over?" Natalie asked her daughter.

"No!" Rachel yelled. "I was just joking. Your arm has to travel such a long way."

"How long is it?" the girl asked.

Before Dick could answer, Natalie answered for him.

"It's 11 and a half inches," the mom told her daughter. "I've measured it. A couple times, actually."

Rachel's strokes were now more persistent, as she looked forward to Dick erupting and shooting his seed.

"Every now and then, Rach, when you stroke the shaft, try to caress the head when you come up," Natalie said.

Rachel didn't completely know what she meant, and gave her mom a confused look.

"Here, I'll show you," Natalie told her, reaching for Dick's massive rod.

"Mom!" Rachel whined.

"Oh for Heaven's sake, Rachel, he's not gonna come yet," Natalie said.

"You better not come yet, Dick," Rachel told the man teasingly.

"I won't," Dick answered obediently.

Natalie gave him a disgusted look.

"You, be quiet," she told him. And his eyes fell upon Natalie's hands, as they began to stroke his hard-on once again.

"The head is the most sensitive part," Natalie instructed her daughter. "See, oh he likes that, doesn't he."

Rachel watched as Natalie stroked the long shaft, and then as her hand would reach the top of his pole, she would caress the head with an expert touch. The daughter took the massive cock back from her mom, and tried to imitate the action.

Dick moaned in satisfaction as Rachel's soft little hands continued working their magic, as she no longer felt overwhelmed by the situation, but instead looked like she knew what she was doing. She stroked Dick's penis up and down with passion, every now and then caressing the huge head.

Dick could hold out no longer, and told the ladies he had to come. Natalie gave her approval, and told Rachel to bring the man to climax.

Dick then bucked his hips to signify the onset of his orgasm, and his huge rod shot forth a long, unbroken stream of come that jetted into the air and landed a good few feet in front of the sofa.

"Holy fuck," Rachel couldn't help but say. Out of shock, Rachel lost her grip on Dick's hard-on, just the type of thing her mom warned her about.

"Don't let go of his - " Natalie warned again.

As the daughter regained composure, another stream of come had shot out of Dick's erection, drenching his belly. But as Rachel grabbed his huge wang, a third stream of ejaculate shot up and over Dick's shoulder, splashing on the back wall. Dick's huge penis kept shooting and shooting, with Rachel commenting on each massive come blast.

"Oh my God, oh look at that one, oh my God another, Holy shit look at that!" the girl yelled, voicing her amazement.

"That's it, just aim it forward, let it keep shooting," Natalie told her.

Natalie too commented on each amazing come shot that followed: "Oh look at that...oh wow that is something...oh my we really did a number on him...Holy Cow! (Laugh)...Good Heavens, Dick!...oh my God this is a record, even for him."

"He's still shooting!" Rachel screeched. "What do I do?"

"Just keep stroking it," was all Natalie could tell her.

His cock so slick now with come, Rachel again slipped a bit, and the huge, slithery snake drifted to the left a little, and one of the huge arcs of come landed squarely in Natalie's lap, on her inner thighs.

"Oh great," Natalie yelled sarcastically, although she now rubbed the come into her tights, enjoying the texture.

Dick bucked his hips once more. Moaning really loud, he fought so hard to shoot out one last stream of come. One last rope of ejaculate shot forth, but not nearly as far as the other eruptions, this one looking like the last shot out of a Roman candle.

The women burst out laughing.

"I think he's finally done," Natalie said with a chuckle.

"Are you done?" Rachel asked, still holding onto his mighty prick.

"Yeah, I think so," he said, fully exhausted.

"You sure?" she asked, looking down at his massive dickhead, as come still oozed out of the hole. "I'm not gonna let go of this thing and it's gonna rear back and fire again, is it?"

Natalie laughed.

"You really do need a holster for that thing, Dick," Natalie told him.

She gently, almost reluctantly, let go of his massive hard-on, and as she let it settle back down between his legs, and as it bobbed in the air, a few dribbles of come shot out as he flexed his hard-on.

"Look at that, he's still coming a little bit," Rachel said.

"Just let it be," Natalie said with a giggle.

Dick's huge, flaccid penis rested on his left leg, slightly draped over the outside of his thigh. Rachel playfully pushed it over to his right leg, and then Natalie pushed it back. The mother and daughter now made a game of it.

"Are you two having fun?" Dick asked them with a grin.

"Next time, we'll have to get you a bucket," Natalie said of the huge amount of come that Dick had shot forth. 


"God forbid the house ever catches on fire, I won't call the fire company, I'll just call you," Natalie further teased him. "You can just bring that thing."

"You could tell he was really gonna shoot a lot though," Rachel said. "I mean, his balls were almost dragging on the ground."

"Yeah, an exaggeration mind you, but well put, Rachel," Natalie answered her.

Natalie smiled at Dick.

"Is that...normal for you?" she asked, looking at the come running down his pecs and his huge, rippled abs. Dick was in a daze.

"Dick! She's asking you a question," Natalie told him.

"I uh, I was a little more excited than normal, I guess you could say," he told them, hugely understating the situation.

Natalie then started assessing the damage, looking out at all the come that Dick had sprayed her rug with. Some of the semen had collected in such huge amounts on the carpet, it appeared like small puddles in some spots.

Rachel marveled at one long shot that had hit the wall a few feet behind the sofa, and the huge amount of sperm ran down all the way to the floor.

"Holy Fuck, is that come?" Rachel asked.

"Rachel, please, enough with the F-word," the mom told her.

"Sorry," Rachel said.

"Well, someone's gonna have to shampoo this rug, and it's not gonna be me," Natalie said.

"Rachel?" Dick asked with a smile.

"Don't look at me," Rachel said.

"Don't do the crime if you can't do the time, Dick," Natalie said. "This is your responsibility."

Dick finally got dressed, and got ready to clean up. Natalie and Rachel, with the storm finally passed, got ready to go to the mall.

TO BE CONTINUED

