Vishal Meets Nisha Ch. 01
byClosetCFNM©

"Wake up Vishal!" his mom hollered, shaking his shoulder.

The 18 year old stirred groggily. Was he late for school? Wait, wasn't it the weekend?

"It's Saturday, mom. Let me sleep!"

He pulled the blanket up over his head, twisting sideways to ensure that his mom wouldn't see the bulge of his morning wood.

But his mom wouldn't go away. She started tugging at his blanket.

"Vishal! Rita is coming home today for her semester break."

"So what's the big deal mom?"

He clutched his blanket, preventing her from pulling it off. Rita was his big sister who was in her second year of college. It was a residential college, but she came home for 4 weeks every December for her semester break.

"She's bringing home a friend to stay with us." She started tugging his blanket harder. "What will she think of us if you are still in bed at 10AM?!"

That got Vishal's attention and he sat up in bed, bunching his blanket around him at his waist. His morning wood was starting to subside, but he needed a few more minutes.

"She's bringing home a friend to STAY with us? Why?! How long will she be here?"

"There's some unrest in her friend's village and she can't go home for the holidays. Rita asked me if she could stay with us. Obviously, I said yes."

Vishal rolled his eyes at that. His mom wouldn't miss a chance to have more people staying with them. She grew up in a large family and kept hosting distant relatives, cooking up large feasts whenever someone came over. His mom continued.

"She's here the entire 4 weeks. Now get up and go take bath. I want you to be at your best behavior."

"OK mom, I'm going." He reluctantly got up, his erection having subsided enough to not show through his shorts.

Vishal went to the balcony to get his towel that was hanging on the clothesline. He trudged along silently, grumbling to himself at the impending disruption to his routine.

They lived in a 2-bedroom city apartment in southern India. His dad worked abroad, staying with them only 3 months a year in the summer. Even when his dad was here, he always seemed to be either in their late grandfather's village, attending to the affairs of their ancestral lands, or busy doing other real estate investment deals. Vishal was therefore usually the only male at home most of the time, and being the youngest, he was always being treated like a kid. He was a high school senior now, for crying out loud!

He hated when his sister came home and he had to share the bedroom with her again. He liked having it to himself. And now she was bringing a friend. Where would she sleep? When their relatives came over, the elders would be given Vishal and Rita's room, while the kids would sleep on mats on the floor wherever there was space, but guests usually stayed over for a few days at most. Surely his mom wouldn't make him sleep on the floor for four weeks?! He made up his mind not to give up his bed no matter what. His mom always seemed to put the needs of guests above their own though, so he was still worried.

Vishal locked the bathroom door and started taking off his clothes. When he got down to his briefs, he felt a predictable stirring in his loins. He wished he could wear boxer briefs like Rahul did, but his mom still bought him his underwear, and it was always tight white briefs. He slowly pulled them down, his penis becoming fully erect even before it sprang out of them. It always did that. He put his sister and her friend out of his mind as he thought about the movie he had watched with Rahul the previous day.

Rahul was Vishal's best friend. They'd been going to school together forever. Vishal always went to Rahul's house every Friday after school. He would go more frequently when they were younger, but school work had gotten too busy the last few years and he could only go there Fridays. Rahul's dad was quite rich, so they lived in a house in a posh area of the city. Rahul had his own room, and of late the two of them had gotten into a routine of watching an adult movie on his computer every Friday. They'd lock the door, put the volume low, turn off the lights, sit back on Rahul's bed, each boy covered in a blanket, and they'd watch the movie. They'd stay fully clothed the entire time, though it was tacitly understood that each boy would have his hands in his own pants, out of view of the other. After the movie, they would each take a long bathroom break to relieve the tension in their pants.

Vishal started to stroke his penis thinking about the movie they'd seen last night. Having never kissed a girl, let alone made out, the part that excited him the most was the scene where the actor gave the actress a massage, gradually pulling off her towel. He imagined doing that to someone, and his penis lurched. He imagined her reaching out to undo his own towel, while he squeezed her ass cheeks, and his penis throbbed. He looked down to see the view she'd have. His penis was a little under six inches long when fully erect, and it glistened with sweat from the exertion and the heavy humidity in the south Indian air. He frowned at the stubble at the base, and reached for his razor.

Ever since they'd started watching adult movies, Vishal had been intrigued by the smooth hairless genitals of the porn stars he had seen. The first time he bravely shaved his penis a year ago, it felt so good that he'd been doing it ever since. He lathered up and started shaving his pubes until they were silky smooth again. His penis had softened from the concentration. He tied his towel around his waist and mock-acted someone tugging the towel off him, revealing his smooth shaven penis. His penis was now rock hard and throbbing again.

Vishal resumed jerking off. He imagined her slowly reaching out to touch his penis while his massaging fingers crept between her thighs. He jerked furiously at his penis as he played out that scene back and forth in his head in slow motion... her reaching for his penis, him reaching for her pink folds... neither reaching their destination yet... back and forth... back and forth... and spurt after spurt, he came. He leaned against the cold tiled wall, spent and drenched in sweat. That felt good.

Vishal then took a long hot blissful shower, having forgotten all about his sister and her friend. About fifteen minutes in, he heard his mother hollering to him that he was taking too long. He reluctantly rinsed off a final time, feeling his smooth penis and balls again, and toweled himself dry. Then he tied his towel around his waist and headed out into the hallway to go to his room.

No sooner had he stepped out, when his mom saw him and called out to him.

"Come here to the hall for a minute, Vishal".

He absentmindedly took a few steps towards the living room and stopped short. His sister and her friend were sitting on the couch, looking at him. All he had on was the thin, wet, threadbare towel that he had been using for several years. His mom was standing near them and urged him to come forward.

He did, reluctantly.

"This is Rita's younger brother, Vishal", his mom said to his sister's friend. "He goes to Chettinad school."

"Hi, I'm Nisha."

"Hi", he stammered back.

"Which class?"

"Plus 2."

"Nice. Excited for college?"

He didn't respond. She was smiling at him as he stood there half naked, his towel plastered to him. She was so pretty, and she was looking at his bare chest unabashedly. He felt a stirring in his penis and began to panic. He brought his hands forward and clasped them in front of his crotch.

"He's a little shy", his mother answered for him.

"But very naughty", his sister added, glaring at him.

They were treating him like a kid again, but Nisha was still smiling at him.

"Go get dressed, Vishal. I'll bring some tea, Nisha" Mom said, and went off to the kitchen.

Vishal stood rooted to the spot, unable to move.

"Go on, Vishal. You want to be in your towel all day?!" his sister scolded him, after his mom left.

As he turned to leave, he heard Nisha telling Rita, "Don't scold him. My younger brother usually doesn't even wear that much at home".

At that, Vishal felt his penis growing into a full blown erection as he hurried to his room. He closed the door behind him, his heart pounding.


Vishal Meets Nisha Ch. 02
byClosetCFNM©

Vishal changed into a t-shirt and long pair of shorts, his usual attire at home. He was too embarrassed to leave his bedroom and face Nisha again, after she had seen him with nothing but a small towel around his waist. But hunger soon got the better of him, and he decided to venture to the kitchen to get breakfast.

As he walked to the kitchen, he noticed that his sister was sitting alone in the living room, talking on the phone. Where had Nisha gone, he wondered. He rushed into the kitchen, complaining, "Mommm, I'm hungry!" only to find himself almost bumping into Nisha.

Nisha smiled at him. He blushed.

Mom was behind the stove, her back to Vishal. She momentarily turned around to look at him, "Of course you're hungry. I was wondering when you'd be done getting dressed. Look, Nisha already washed up and changed, and she started helping me in the kitchen. You kids need to learn so much from her."

Vishal looked at Nisha, her angelic face framed with damp curls. He noticed that she had changed out of the conservative salwar kameez that she had arrived in, and was now wearing a short-sleeved t-shirt and a knee-length blue skirt. The t-shirt was form-fitting without being tight, and it was short without being a crop-top, ending at her waist just where the skirt started. As she bent over the sink gently rinsing the vegetables, a small sliver of her lower back and the sides of her waist were peeking out. She apparently sensed him looking at her, as she turned to look at him and smile. He averted his eyes.

Mom continued, "Anyway, I'm getting started with lunch so I can't help you. Take the upma and chutney from the counter and help yourself."

Vishal wasn't used to helping himself, and opened his mouth to complain again, when Nisha interjected, "I'll help him, aunty."

She wiped her hands dry, came up to Vishal, and placed a hand on his shoulder. He froze. She had a nice fresh smell. He wondered what soap she used. He then realized that he was staring at her t-shirt and immediately looked up at her face. She was still smiling. "Go sit at the table, Vishal. I'll bring you a plate of upma."

As he was leaving the kitchen, he heard his mom grumbling about how spoilt he and his sister were.

Vishal sat at the dining table. Nisha followed soon after with a plate of upma and a bowl of chutney. She pulled a chair close to him and sat down. He started eating, feeling self-conscious. She started making small talk.

"How is school?"

"It's OK."

"Are you studying for your engineering exams too?"

"Yeah."

"Rita tells me you're a whiz at math and computers."

"Yeah, but I always seem to have trouble with chemistry."

"I love chemistry. I can help you out."

"That's OK."

"Come on, Vishal. It would be a pity if you get a low score due to Chemistry. Let me help you."

Vishal was quiet. He was already feeling flushed that she was sitting so close to him.

"Vishal, you should feel grateful that Nisha is offering to help you out," his mom interjected from the doorway between the kitchen and dining rooms. He didn't realize she was there.

"OK", he mumbled.

"Don't worry, aunty. He'll be a pro at chemistry soon," Nisha assured his mom, and then she got up and ruffled his hair as she headed back to the kitchen. Vishal couldn't get over the fact that she was treating him like a child.

He finished eating, and yelled to his mom that he was going down to play cricket. She told him to be back within 2 hours; they were going shopping. He didn't want to go shopping, but his mom reminded him that they had to get him some new clothes for the pooja season.

Vishal returned around 2PM. His mom was having her afternoon nap. Rita informed him that mom had been annoyed that he hadn't returned yet. He went to the dining table for lunch, the rest of them having finished eating. Nisha brought him a plate again. But before he could sit down, she held his arm and stopped him.

"Vishal, look how you're sweating. Your shirt is soaked. Let's take it off."

She held the bottom of his t-shirt and stated pulling it up. Vishal was shocked and immediately held his shirt down.

"Vishal! You can't sit here with wet clothes."

"I'll.. I'll go change."

"No. You're already late for lunch. Don't tell me you're shy." She sounded like she was daring him.

Rita was now standing at the table, watching with a smirk on her face. Vishal didn't want Nisha to think he was shy. He slowly let go of his shirt. Nisha gently lifted it up, and waited for him to raise his arms. He did so obediently, while she peeled it off him. As it cleared his head, he noticed that her t-shirt momentarily lifted up as she reached above his head, and he could see a few inches of her bare tummy, including her belly button. He began feeling aroused. He hoped she wouldn't notice the tent that was now forming in his shorts.

"There, that's much better," said Nisha, as she draped his damp t-shirt over her arm. She was blatantly looking at his bare chest, and her smile had returned. He suddenly felt acutely embarrassed, but resisted the temptation to cross his arms. "Now how about the shorts? You can take them off too if you'd like. You'll feel much better without them in this heat."

Vishal was shocked at the suggestion that he strip down to his briefs in front of her. He mumbled a no and immediately sat down, going red in the face. She served him lunch and he ate quietly. It unnerved him the way she had so casually stripped him and was now blatantly watching him as he ate, topless. He felt a strange tingling in his chest and his nipples. She started making small talk again.

"I don't know why you even bother with a shirt, Vishal. My brothers never wear a shirt when they're home or playing outside. It's so hot and humid and you boys sweat so much."

"Oh, Vishal is just shy," Rita responded, grinning.

"I'm not shy!" Vishal exclaimed, going beet red.

"You have no reason to be shy. You look cute." Nisha rubbed his bare shoulder softly. This was all getting too much for Vishal. He quickly gulped his lunch, but his throat was suddenly feeling dry and he burst into a fit of coughing. Nisha immediately got up and gave him a glass of water.

"Eat slowly, Vishal" she said kindly, as she started rubbing his bare back. She rubbed his back from just below his neck, all the way down to his lower back. Her strokes went longer and longer each time, creeping further down his back, until he felt her soft fingers reaching a little into the waistband of his shorts. Vishal shivered. He felt his penis straining against his shorts again. On the next stroke, her fingers went down the back of the shorts until they grazed the waistband of his briefs. He was now getting a full blown erection.

"I'm..." He cleared his throat. "I'm OK now."

She smiled at him and sat down again.

By the time he finished eating, his mom returned from her nap.

"Vishal, what happened to your shirt?!" His mom had a concerned look on her face.

"Aunty, it was soaked. I asked him to take it off," Nisha answered. That was apparently satisfactory for his mom, and her expression turned normal again.

"We'll be leaving for the clothes shop in an hour or so" his mom said. "You can change into a good shirt at that time."

Rita went to the living room and started watching TV. Nisha helped clear the table, while Vishal's mom once again complimented her on her upbringing, Vishal wanted to join his sister and watch TV, but shirtless as he was, he decided to go back to his bedroom and read a book instead. It felt strange sitting bare-chested on his bed, and he couldn't focus on his book at all. He kept thinking about the way Nisha had stripped his shirt off, and had smiled at him after she did. The way she had rubbed his bare back almost down to his bottom. He kept pressing the book down at the erection in his shorts.

At 4PM, his mom announced that it was time to go, and Vishal donned a shirt, relieved. He left the bedroom so Nisha and Rita could get dressed too. Nisha came out first, dressed in a pretty salwar kameez, while Rita took much longer with her makeup. Nisha sat with Vishal in the living room and started reading a magazine. He noticed how radiant her face looked with no makeup on. Her outfit pretty much covered most of her body, and yet the kameez (tunic) was form-fitted enough to show the curves of her breasts, and the slits at the side were cut high, almost to her hip. Through the slits, the salwar (thin long pants) could be seen as it conformed to the shape of her thighs and calves, until her ankles emerged from the bottom.

Vishal never thought he could be aroused by the sight of someone in a salwar kameez, and yet he was.

They soon arrived at the clothing store. Vishal was bored as the women browsed through the salwar kameezes and sarees. They shopped for a new salwar kameez for Nisha first, which his mother insisted on paying for. Nisha refused to buy anything else. Then they started shopping for Rita's clothes, and this was taking much longer. Vishal started whining that he wanted to go to the men's section, but his mom wanted him to wait.

"He still doesn't know how to pick good clothes," his mom explained to Nisha. "I let him buy the stuff youngsters call clothes these days by himself, but he needs a good pair of shirt and trousers for pooja."

"Don't worry, aunty. I can go with him. I'll make sure we pick some good clothes for him." Nisha ruffled Vishal's hair. He hated the kid treatment. "You can check whether you like them once you're done here, before we pay for them."

"I'm sure I'll like anything you pick, Nisha. You're such a mature kid."

"Thanks aunty. Come on, Vishal, let's go."

As they turned to leave for the men's department, his mom suddenly remembered something.

"Oh, and Nisha, I almost forgot. He needs a new set of briefs too. I don't know what he does to them, but he goes through them so quick."

Rita giggled, while Vishal blushed a deep red.

"Make sure they're the same kind he wears now."

"Sure aunty, I'll take care of it."

Nisha took Vishal's hand in hers, and happily headed to the men's department.



Vishal Meets Nisha Ch. 03
byClosetCFNM©

Vishal was still reeling from embarrassment as Nisha held his arm and led him to the elevator to go to the men's department. She continued to hold his arm with her hands even as they waited for the elevator. As they stood there, his embarrassment soon faded away and was replaced with a tingling sensation, as he realized that her left breast was pressed against the back of his arm. He didn't move his arm for fear of doing anything untoward, but Nisha seemed unconcerned and oblivious. She pulled his upper arm pressing it closer to her breast as she pointed to the sign that showed which floor they needed to go to. He was getting too aroused to pay any attention to what she was saying.

When the elevator finally arrived, there were two young men already inside, on their way up as well. Throughout the short ride up, Vishal noticed that they were furtively checking out Nisha, even as she remained oblivious to the attention. Vishal felt a strange sense of pride that she was holding his arm. He looked at her face, taken once again by how pretty she looked, with errant curls framing her face, her neat braided hair laying on her right breast, and her jimikki earrings hanging from her ears. She smiled at him. He smiled back. She squeezed his arm and held it closer. Then the elevator dinged as it arrived at their floor and they stepped out.

Nisha led Vishal to the area where formal shirts were neatly stacked in cubbies. Then she started looking around, saying "Let's see if we can find someone to help us."

There were several shop sales guys wearing the store's yellow uniform scattered across the vast floor, but she ignored them. When she spotted a lone sales girl, she zoned in and looked at her until she caught her eye. The girl immediately walked to us.

"Can I help you madam?"

"We need to buy him a formal shirt and trousers."

"Sure madam. Do you know his size?"

"No, not really."

"I'll bring someone to measure him, madam."

The girl caught hold of the first sales guy she saw and brought him to us. He pulled a tape measure from his pocket. It was apparent that the girl did not measure the male clientele, and Vishal wondered why she was even here in this department.

The sales guy addressed Vishal, "Sir, please stand this way with your hands and feet slightly apart."

Vishal did as he was told, and the sales guy proceeded to measure around his neck, across his shoulder and down his arm. Then he wrapped the tape around Vishal's waist. Nisha immediately interjected.

"Isn't it better to measure with his shorts off? How can you measure over them?" Nisha tugged at Vikram's shorts to illustrate her point.

As Vishal started turning red again, the sales guy grinned at Nisha, "No madam. I adjust the measurement accordingly. We don't take people's shorts or pants off to measure them." Vishal was relieved. He noticed that the sales girl was suppressing a grin too.

"Oh." Nisha seemed a little unconvinced, but she acquiesced and let the sales guy finish his measurements.

Once he was done, he wrote down the shirt and pants size information on his pad, tore the paper off, and gave it to Nisha. The shop girl told him she would continue to help us and sent him off. It seemed obvious to everyone that Nisha was in charge here.

"Madam these are our formal shirts. We have fitted and relaxed styles. Over here, these are from our new collection. They have a rich texture..." The sales girl continued to explain the options to Nisha, who was attentive. Vishal zoned out. He wasn't fond of long-sleeved button-down shirts tucked into trousers. They were so stuffy and uncomfortable.

After what seemed like forever going through the options, Nisha settled down on two shirts and two pairs of trousers. The sales girl then led them to the changing rooms. Nisha gave Vishal one set of shirt and trousers and asked him to come out once he put them on. A few minutes later, he stepped out.

As the sales girl looked on, Nisha gave him a mild frown, "Vishal, you haven't even tucked the shirt in!" She went up to him and pulled his shirt up above his waist. He pushed down on to his shirt, alarmed. "Vishal!" she said sternly and he let go. She pulled his shirt up again until the waistband of his trousers was fully visible, as well as a little of his tummy. The sales girl was smiling.

Nisha unbuttoned his trousers and unzipped them halfway. Vishal blushed, but didn't move. Fortunately, she didn't pull his pants down or otherwise expose his briefs. He looked around the store. No one else seemed to be paying them any attention. She then started tucking his shirt into his trousers. Vishal shivered as she casually tucked his front shirt tails deep into the front of his trousers. Her fingers grazed the obvious bulge of his partial erection as they went inside his trousers. Vishal's heart was pounding. A girl was feeling his penis! But Nisha didn't show any reaction. She nonchalantly slid her fingers all the way in, smoothing his shirt into his trousers until her fingers made contact with his bare thighs beyond his shirt tails. She continued to thoroughly tuck the shirt in all around his waist, not stopping until she was touching his bare thighs all around. By the time, she smoothed the shirt down over his bottom, he had a full-blown erection.

Nisha came in front of him again and started zipping his trousers again. She paused momentarily as she realized that there was now a hard bulge under the zipper, but then she gave it a firm tug and it closed up. She buttoned up his trousers and stepped back to look at him.

"That fits him well, doesn't it?" she asked the shop girl.

"Yes madam, it looks good", the girl was still smiling.

"OK Vishal, you can change into the other set now."

Vishal practically ran into the dressing room this time, locking the door behind him. His heart was still pounding. He took off the shirt and trousers. His penis was still rock hard, pushing out against his briefs. He tried to push it closer to his body, but that only made his penis throb and push back against his briefs with a vengeance. He decided to ignore it as he slowly dressed into the next set of shirt and trousers. He made sure to tuck the shirt in himself this time.

By the time he was done, his erection had partially subsided. He stepped out of the dressing room, hoping the sales girl had left. But both Nisha and sales girl were right there waiting for him.

Nisha smiled at him warmly when she saw him. She came up to him and did some minor adjustments to his shirt collar and smoothed his shirt down. She didn't reach into his trousers this time. She stepped back again to look at him.

"He looks smart doesn't he?" she asked the sales girl.

"Yes madam, they fit well" the sales girl replied diplomatically, even as she smiled at Vishal.

"We'll take both sets and let his mother choose which she likes."

"OK Madam, I will get them ready for you."

"Oh, we also need to buy him some new briefs."

Vishal wished the ground would swallow him up.

"What brand and size do you need madam?"

"Hmm. I'm not sure."

Nisha turned to Vishal. She came up to him and started pulling his shirt up again. He wanted to stop her, but he knew she would scold him and he didn't want to attract any attention, so he stayed quiet. She pulled his shirt up well over his belly button and asked him to hold it up. He did, blushing. Then she started unbuttoning his trousers again! Vishal started to panic as he felt her pulling his trousers down, revealing his briefs. He let go of the shirt and tried to hold on to his trousers.

"Vishal, don't be shy now. Let go of the trousers."

He held on.

"Vishal..." her voice was getting louder, so he reluctantly let go. Nisha pulled the trousers all the way down his legs. His shirt covered his briefs as he was no longer holding it up, but his legs were now completely bare. She nudged him to lift each leg as she carefully extracted the trousers completely off. She then handed the trousers to the sales girl. The sales girl seemed a little startled too, but she tried to hide it.

Then Nisha started unbuttoning his shirt!

"Let's take this off too. We shouldn't crumple it too much."

Vishal watched helplessly as she unbuttoned every button on the shirt from the top down, exposing more and more of his bare chest. Vishal looked around and realized that, this time, people were paying attention. Some of the men and the mothers, wives and girlfriends accompanying them were watching as he stood there with no pants on, and was soon to be topless as well. Many of them averted their eyes when he looked at them, but some of the women just smiled at him. His face felt flushed and his penis lurched within the tight confines of his briefs. He turned his head down to look at the floor instead.

He saw that Nisha was now at the last button. As she fumbled with it, her fingers kept bumping into the bulge of his erection again. She finally figured out that the button hole was sewn horizontally and she got it undone. She looked up at Vishal's face and smiled as she opened his shirt, exposing his bare chest. She slid her fingers under his shirt on to his bare shoulders and pushed the shirt off his shoulders, and continued to draw the shirt down his arms. Once she had the shirt fully off, she gave it to the sales girl, leaving Vishal standing there in full view of everyone on the floor, wearing a pair of white briefs and nothing else.

Vishal shivered as he felt the cool air conditioning on his bare body, and felt goosebumps forming. He looked down and realized that his penis was rock hard from his exposure, and was straining out vertically against his briefs, distorting them. The elastic waistband was stretched out at the bottom, and was barely managing to maintain his modestly.

Vishal clasped his hands in front of his crotch in a bid to hide it, but Nisha firmly pulled them apart, saying "Don't be shy, Vishal." He sensed several pairs of eyes on him, but didn't want to look around the floor. He looked at the sales girl. Her eyes were fixated on his briefs, and she almost looked like she was in a daze.

Vishal gasped as he felt Nisha slipping a finger into the waistband of his briefs. She was smoothing the waistband and straightening the briefs, her fingers almost grazing his penis as she did. Once she was satisfied, she addressed the sales girl.

"Can you see what kind of briefs these are now?"

"Yes madam. I think they are VIP. We also need the size."

"Where can we find it?"

"It's usually on the inside of the back, madam."

"Oh, should we take his briefs off to check?"

Nisha started slipping her fingers into his briefs as though to pull them off, and Vishal grabbed them, alarmed.

"No no, madam. I don't think we can take them off here."

"Oh. Let's just check the back then."

Nisha and the sales girl went behind Vishal, and Nisha pulled the back waistband away from his body. Vishal realized that they were now looking down at his bare ass-cheeks! His penis pulsated within his briefs, and he covered his crotch with his hands again, pushing his penis close to his body.

"Can you see the size now?"

"Let me check madam. It's not very clear."

He felt the warm breath of the sales girl's breath on his ass cheeks for what seemed like a long time, but was probably only a few seconds. He noticed from the corner of his eye that the two boys who were in the elevator with them were now watching him from a few yards away. They were talking in hushed tones, wide grins on their faces.

"Yes madam. I got it. Let me go bring some briefs in the right size."

Nisha let go of Vishal's waistband. As she returned to his front, she let the palm of her hand give his left ass cheek a little rub. She was smiling. She looked down at his hands clutching his crotch, and her smile turned into a frown. She firmly pulled his hands apart until his briefs were in full view again, his erection still clearly apparent under them. She held his hands apart and smiled up at him again.

"Vishal, I don't understand why you're so shy. Boys have no reason to be shy or modest. You should be so confident!" She let go of one hand and caressed his bare chest and tummy. "Besides, you're such a handsome boy. You should be proud." Vishal gave her a weak smile, his erection showing no signs of subsiding.

The sales girl returned with two packs of briefs. "We don't stock the exact style he is wearing, madam. But I have these two styles, and they are very similar."

"Can he try them on?"

"I'm sorry madam, but we don't let customers try on underwear. But the size is correct, and I can take them out for you to look at the cut."

The sales girl took one out of each pack for Nisha. Nisha held them up over Vishal's briefs and looked at them. She finally settled on a pair.

"These are cut a little higher on his thighs, but they are 100% cotton. I think we'll take them."

"Sure madam. They are a good choice. They allow more freedom of movement."

"Thanks for all your help."

"You're welcome, madam."

"You can get dressed now, Vishal."

Once he was dressed, Nisha held his arm again and led him back to the elevator.

Vishal was still in a daze as he trudged along. Nobody had seen him in his briefs in many, many years. And here he had been exposed in them to several strangers, and worse, he had sported an erection the entire time. He had never felt this embarrassed, this exposed, or this aroused, ever. All this because of a girl he had met for the first time earlier the same day.

Even as she pulled his arm squeezing it into her left breast, he shuddered at the thought of what lay ahead of him the next four weeks.


Vishal Meets Nisha Ch. 04
byClosetCFNM©

Vishal's mom was happy with the clothes Nisha had picked for him.

"Do you like them too, Vishal?"

"Yes, mom"

"I'm impressed, Nisha. It's usually so hard to find decent clothes that he'll agree to wear."

"Oh, he was a breeze to shop for, aunty. He was very cooperative."

"Really? I wish I could send him with you every time." Rita beamed at that, while Vishal shuddered at the thought. "All of these look good. Let's get them all and go grab something to eat. Rita isn't done yet, but it's getting late."

During dinner, Vishal's mom discussed their sleeping arrangements.

"Nisha, you can take Vishal's bed. He sleeps in the living room when we have guests over."

"Oh, that won't be necessary, Aunty. Rita and I can share a bed. They look big enough. Vishal can sleep in his own bed."

"No, he'll be fine sleeping in the living room. I want you to be comfortable..."

"No aunty, I insist. We'll be very comfortable. Besides, plus 2 is an important year for Vishal. We shouldn't disrupt his routine like that. Right, Rita?"

Rita wasn't very enthusiastic "Well, it's not like he spends all his time studying. But yeah, we'll be fine sharing a bed. I've shared it with cousins before and it's been fine."

Her mom reluctantly acquiesced, "OK, but if you're not comfortable in any way, let me know Rita. Vishal has slept plenty of times in the living room."

"Sure, aunty. But it won't be necessary. I know we'll be fine."

So it was settled. That morning, Vishal would have been happy to know that he would keep his bed. But now, after an exhausting day of prolonged arousal, he had begun hoping that he could be by himself in the living room that night. But it was not to be.

They returned home late in the evening. When they got home, to his mom's surprise, Vishal went straight to his room to study.

When it was time for bed, Nisha came into his room with a glass of warm milk. He always had milk before bed.

"Here's your milk, Vishal. Aunty says it's time for you to go to bed."

"OK, thanks."

As he started drinking it, he noticed that she had changed into a thin cotton nightgown. It had lace details sewn on to the ends of the short sleeves and at the bottom of the hem. The hem went down to her calves and pretty much covered most of her. The neckline had a short slit down the middle through which a sliver of skin was visible. As she leaned over his desk to look at his study material, he felt that he could faintly see the curve of her breast through the slit. Just the idea was enough to arouse him again.

Nisha collected his glass when he was done. "Time to go to bed now," she said, and ruffled his hair, smiling. By now he was used to this, so he simply smiled back. As he walked to the bed, however, she frowned.

"Are you going to sleep in your day clothes?"

"Yeah. I always do."

"You really should take them off, Vishal. It's not good for your body to get hot during the night."

He looked back at her with a blank expression, not knowing how to react. At least this time she wasn't making a move to take off his clothes.

"Well, I have to go help aunty now. All I'm going to say is at least take off some of your clothes. It's up to you. Goodnight now." And she left the room.

As Vishal sat in bed, he felt strangely sad that Nisha had left sounding disappointed. He decided to at least take off his t-shirt. He pulled it off and dropped it into the space between his bed and the wall. He then lay down and pulled up his blanket up to his chest.

It felt odd lying down bare chested. He couldn't remember the last time he had slept that way. He felt his penis stiffening. He used one hand to fondle his bare nipples, and the other to squeeze his erection through his shorts. He recollected how Nisha had caressed his bare chest and tummy while he stood in the store in just his briefs, and he squeezed harder.

And then he heard footsteps and froze, closing his eyes to feign sleep.

It was Nisha and Rita, coming to bed. Rita was the first to notice that he was shirtless, though they couldn't see the rest of him under the blanket. She pointed it to Nisha in a hushed tone, so as to not wake him up.

"Look, he took his shirt off."

"Good. I suggested he take some clothes off before he went to bed. It's not good to sleep hot."

"I'm surprised he listened. I wonder if he's just wearing his undies," Rita said, giggling.

"Well, it would be even better if he took those off too," replied Nisha.

Vishal still had his hand over his erection, and he had to keep it pressed to stop them from seeing it move under the blanket. Rita started giggling even more at Nisha's comment, and then she suddenly stopped.

"Wait, you're serious aren't you?"

"Of course. That's how the boys in my village sleep."

"I need to come to your village sometime and see all these naked boys."

"You should come for the next break. But only if you learn to stop giggling."

"That's going to be hard," Rita admitted. And with that they went to sleep.

Vishal, however, was wide awake. Their conversation had gotten him very excited. Did Nisha really want him to sleep naked? The thought made his penis ache with arousal.

His shorts suddenly felt very stifling.

He waited till he thought they were asleep, and then with as little movement as possible, he unbuttoned and slipped off his shorts. He slid them to the side of his bed to join his t-shirt.

Ah, that felt a lot better.

He then slowly rolled over onto his tummy. He gently ground his penis through his briefs against his bed, making as little movement as possible, trying his best not to moan. It wasn't enough movement to get him off, but he did not dare hump the bed any faster for fear of waking them up. He eventually fell asleep out of sheer exhaustion.

Vishal was awakened in the morning by someone tapping his back. His face was partially buried in his pillow. He turned his face to one side and opened his eyes, groggy-eyed. His eyes tried to adjust to the light. Wasn't it Sunday?

"Time to wake up, Vishal."

It was Nisha! Vishal was instantly awake. He was about to jump out of bed, when he realized that he was half naked. He looked down sideways. He seemed to have kicked his blanket off the bed! He was lying on his tummy in just his briefs, with one leg sprawled out with the knee bent. Worse, his briefs had slid down a little and about an inch of his ass crack was peeking out! Who else had seen him like this? He slowly straightened his legs.

Nisha was sitting on his bed by his side. She was back in her short t-shirt and skirt. The curls framing her face were damp. She smiled when she saw his eyes open. She still had her hand on his bare back.

"Time to go for your bath, Vishal. It's getting late."

Vishal blinked. He was trying to figure out how to pull up his briefs without drawing attention to them.

"It's Sunday. I always sleep late."

"The maid is going to do the laundry soon. Sweaty clothes shouldn't be lying around too long. Where are the rest of your clothes?"

He dug them out from the side of the bed without getting up. His morning wood was still raging and he was definitely not getting up right away. Nisha took them from him.

"I need to give her ALL your clothes. So if you're not getting up, let me take your briefs."

She slipped her fingers into the back of his briefs, making him shiver when he felt them on his ass cheeks. Then she started pulling his briefs down! Before he could react, she had pulled them clear of his ass cheeks, and continued to tug them down. She was looking at his bare ass cheeks up close!

Vikram shot up like a bolt, pulling up his briefs quickly as he did. "OK OK, I'll go for my bath."

Nisha looked down at the front of his briefs. His erection was pushing them out. She looked at him and smiled. "I'm glad you listened to me and took off your clothes for bed." She reached up and started rubbing his bare tummy, very close to his briefs. "But you should start taking these off too. You'll sleep more comfortably without them on." Now she was tracing a finger along the waistband of his briefs. His penis lurched.

"I'll go for my bath now," Vishal stammered and slipped out of the room.

He hoped he wouldn't run into anyone on the way to the bathroom. Rita was eating at the dining table, her back to him. He tip-toed in the hallway past her. She didn't turn around. His mom was in the kitchen and didn't see him either. Vishal was relieved.

But when he reached the bathroom, he realized that he needed to get his towel from the balcony. He hurried past the bathroom and turned left, where the hallway turned to the entrance of the balcony, and almost bumped into Sumati, their maid!

Sumati had been their maid for a few years now. She had 3 sons and a daughter. Her daughter, Karthiga, was in her early twenties and worked as a maid for other houses in the building. Sumati came every morning and worked for an hour, cleaning and mopping the apartment and doing the laundry. Then she went on to work in other homes.

Sumati was bent over sweeping up all the debris she had collected into a dustpan, when Vishal nearly ran into her. She turned, surprised, and came face to face with his bulging briefs. She'd seen him hurrying from the bathroom to his bedroom in a towel numerous times, but never like this. She always thought he was a shy kid. She stood up and saw him blushing.

"What is it, son?"

"I just need to get my towel from the balcony."

"Just wait for me to sweep this up into a bag. If you open the balcony door now, it will start spreading around with the breeze."

Sumati resumed sweeping up the debris. But Vishal noticed that she was looking at his briefs every few seconds and smiling. She continued to talk to him.

"How come you are up so early? I never see you on the weekends."

"I... I just felt like waking up early."

"Your friend told me she was going to add your clothes to the laundry pile before I got started. I see that she's taken them from you."

He blushed a deep red and clasped his hands in front of his briefs. She smiled again.

"How come she spared this?" she asked, pointing her head at his undies, grinning. "Alright son, you can take your towel now."

He leaped past her and cracked opened the balcony door. He reached out and pulled his towel off the clothesline without stepping on to the balcony, for fear of anyone else seeing him.

When Vishal finally reached the bathroom again, Nisha was at the door. He held his towel in front of him.

"Vishal, I think the maid is almost done. Go into the bathroom and pass me your briefs through the door."

"Can't it wait till tomorrow?"

"You want your worn briefs to wait till tomorrow to be washed?" She wrinkled her nose.

Vishal didn't want to stand there in the hallway arguing with her lest someone else came and saw him. So he just said "OK, I will give them," and slipped past her into the bathroom.

Vishal closed the bathroom door. He slowly slipped off his briefs. His penis sprung up to a 45 degree angle as soon as it came free of the waistband of his briefs. It was aching. He dared not touch it. It didn't help that he was standing nude with Nisha on the other side of the door. He crept close to the door hinge, away from the door handle, took a deep breath, and cracked the door open. He reached around the opening and stretched his hand out, with his briefs in it, keeping his body safely behind the door.

But she didn't take it yet. Then he noticed something in the mirror in the corner of his eye and turned to look.

Perpendicular to the bathroom door and right next to it, was the sink, with a large mirror above it. In the mirror, Vishal could see the other side of the door opening. Nisha was standing there, looking into the mirror, her eyes looking down. Then she looked up, saw his face in the mirror, and smiled at him mischievously. He suddenly realized - she was looking at him naked in the mirror! Well, the side of him anyway, but she was seeing everything from the side! His hairless erect penis pointing upwards and almost touching the door, his tightened scrotum hanging below it, everything! She unabashedly looked down again. He immediately twisted his lower body away from the mirror so his bottom was facing it. She was still looking down, this time at his bare ass cheeks, her smile growing wider.

Vishal dropped his briefs from his hand outside the door, and immediately shut the door, his heart pounding. She had seen him naked!

While his mind was still in a state of shock, Vishal's penis was throbbing and aching. It had to be relieved. He felt a rush as he slowly reached down and wrapped his fingers around his penis. He knew he was very close even before he got started. He slowly started pumping it, recalling the way Nisha had pulled down his briefs as he lay in bed, recalling the smile he had seen on her face when she looked at the side of his erect penis through the mirror, and then at his bare ass cheeks... and he soon came, spurt after spurt, with an intensity he had never felt before.

He collapsed on the bathroom floor, exhausted.



Vishal Meets Nisha Ch. 05
byClosetCFNM©

Vishal cleaned up the mess he had made in the bathroom and proceeded to take a shower. His mind was clearer now and he could think about what had happened.

He was extremely embarrassed at what Nisha had seen, and he was annoyed at the way she had pushed him to that point. On the other hand, he had never felt so aroused before, as he had since she had arrived. None of those adult movies he had seen came even close.

Why did he feel this way? He didn't know. But he decided that he was too annoyed to let her do it anymore, even if his penis seemed to secretly like it.

So resolved, Vishal dried up, tied his towel around his waist, and headed out of the bathroom. On his way to his bedroom, he saw Nisha looking his way from the kitchen doorway. She smiled at him. He felt embarrassment enveloping him again at what she'd seen, but he steeled himself and didn't show it, or smile back at her. He went into his bedroom and changed into fresh clothes. When he came out to hang the wet towel in the balcony to dry, his mother saw him and called him to eat breakfast.

When he arrived at the dining table, Nisha was standing nearby, but he didn't look at her. He sat down and his mother brought him hot idlis and chutney. His mother seemed happy with him.

"How come you're up so early, Vishal? You even had your bath?"

"Nisha woke me up."

"You never cease to amaze me, Nisha. I've tried so many times to get him out of bed early on weekends." Then she turned back to Vishal, "Isn't it nice to be up early? Your breakfast is still hot, and you can get some studying done before you go to play cricket." She lovingly gave his cheek a mild pinch and went back to the kitchen.

While he was eating, Nisha came up to him and placed her hand on his shoulder. He didn't turn to look at her.

"How about we do some Chemistry together after breakfast?"

"No, I don't feel like Chemistry right now. I'll be studying something else." He kept his eyes on his plate.

"How about you show me your books so I can go through them for later?"

"We can do that later too."

"Vishal..."

"Okay fine. I'll show them to you."

Nisha left him on his own and went to join Rita in the living room.

As he ate, Vishal started wondering if he'd been too cold to her. But she'd been pushing him around all morning until it ended up seeing him naked! He wanted to make sure she understood that he wasn't too happy about it. He finished eating and went to his room to study at the desk.

It was a wide desk facing frosted glass windows. There were 2 chairs, intended for Vishal and Rita to be able to study together, though they rarely ever had. If both of them wanted to study, one of them would either use the dining table or the desk in their parents' room.

A few minutes later, Nisha came in. Vishal bent over his book, pretending to be busy. She reached over the desk to open a window. He furtively looked up and saw her t-shirt riding up, revealing about three inches of her back. In the front, the t-shirt hung down away from her, revealing her belly button and a vast expanse of her tummy above it. It looked so perfect. He imagined that at the right position, he might be able to see all the way up to her bra.

Vishal's penis stirred. He was finding his resolve to be cold and distant starting to soften. When she was done adjusting the bug net over the window and straightened up again, he immediately averted his eyes back to his book.

Nisha dragged the empty chair close to his and sat down on his right.

"Vishal."

He didn't turn.

"Vishal, come on."

"Yeah."

"What's the matter?"

"Nothing. Here are my Chemistry books." He slid them to her without looking at her.

Nisha started going through them.

"What have they covered in school so far?"

"..."

"Vishal!"

"Here are my notes."

"Vishal, this isn't going to work like this. What's the matter?"

He continued to look at his book.

"Is this about what happened in the bathroom?"

He turned away. Nisha put her hand around his shoulders.

"Vishal. That was an accident. I didn't mean to look. I didn't see much anyway. Besides, I didn't think you would be so upset. I mean, you looked so... so..."

Her voice faltered and she paused. He looked at her, curious. She was smiling, but she was also blushing a little. Was she even capable of blushing? Curiosity got the better of him.

"I looked so... what?"

She stifled an embarrassed giggle.

"You looked so... happy." She giggled, her eyes pointing at his crotch.

Vishal blushed a deep red. She was talking about his erection! He turned his head away again.

She held his chin and gently turned him to face her. She wasn't giggling anymore. She looked into his eyes with a kind smile.

"Vishal. You looked nice... and happy. And I was happy for you. You have no reason to be embarrassed. From what I saw, you should be proud. Not that I saw much anyway. But still, you looked nice."

Vishal continued to blush at the compliment and the repeated references to his erection. Despite his embarrassment, he felt his penis stiffening. As she continued to smile at him, he couldn't help but smile back at her weakly.

Looking at him smile, her lips widened into a bigger smile. She held his left cheek with her right hand, and leaned in to give him a kiss on his right cheek. When she pulled away from his cheek, he had a genuine smile on his face, his resolve having crumbled completely.

"Are we good?"

"Yeah."

"Good." She ruffled his hair. "Now that we've put that behind us..." She turned to his book, placing a hand on his thigh over his shorts, "Show me what you've done in Chemistry so far."

He showed her how much they had covered in school so far, and where he was having trouble. Then he went back to studying while she put together a plan for how they work together every night for him to catch up.

About an hour later, Vishal got up to go play cricket.

"Who do you play with?"

"Some of the other boys in the apartment complex. We get together every weekend and play on the side of the building."

"I'd like to come and see you guys play sometime."

"It's not serious. We just play for fun. But sure, you can come sometime."

He secretly hoped she would. He would be proud of her. They smiled at each other and he left the room.

As he was leaving the apartment, his mom reminded him to be back by 1 PM. She had to go to the bazaar to get groceries and other supplies. He said he would and left.

Throughout the cricket game that day, Vishal remained distracted. He kept thinking about Nisha. He could still feel her lips on his cheek. No one had kissed him in several years. Even when he was little and got plenty of kisses, they were usually from older relatives. And she was so pretty. Her bare tummy was so alluring. And she'd seen him naked! His penis stirred every time he thought about that. And she'd told him he looked nice standing naked with an erection!

The cricket game went a lot longer than usual that day. One of the boys had brought his older brother and he just could not be brought down. There was an unwritten cardinal rule that no one would leave until the game was over. So Vishal ended up playing until half past two.

But Vishal wasn't thinking about the time as he walked back to his apartment. He was completely drenched in sweat. With each step, he was increasingly aroused as he imagined what Nisha would do when he got home. Would she pull off his shirt the way she did the other day? Would she ask him for his shorts too? The prospect aroused him as much as it embarrassed him, but he was strangely looking forward to it.

As soon he got home and opened the door, however, his sister jumped to her feet from the couch. She didn't look pleased.

"Vishal! You promised to be home by 1PM. Do you know what time it is? Mom waited for you for so long and finally left for the bazaar. Nisha and I were supposed to go to the beauty parlor and we've been stuck at home instead. All because of you!" She was fuming.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to."

"And now someone needs to give you lunch. If you weren't such a baby..." Nisha interrupted her before she could finish.

"Rita, why don't you go ahead and go to the beauty parlor? I'll serve him lunch."

"But you were supposed to come too!"

"I was only going to come along to give you company. You know I hate going to beauty parlors. You go ahead. You said they'd close at 6PM, so you should have just enough time to get the things you want done."

"Okay." Rita glared at Vishal and left.

Vishal stood there reeling from being told off in front of Nisha. But Nisha simply smiled at him.

"Come for lunch, Vishal. You must be so hungry."

He trudged to the dining table and quietly sat down. Nisha brought him a plate and started serving him. She noticed he remained sullen.

"Don't worry about it, Vishal. She'll forget all about it by the time she gets back. No one can stay mad at you for too long. You're too adorable." Then she leaned in and kissed his cheek. This time she held the kiss for several seconds. As he felt her soft lips staying on his cheek, he felt a tingle run throughout his body.

When she pulled back, Vishal turned and smiled at her. She smiled back.

As he sat and ate lunch, she sat with him and they discussed school, sports, and other things. He forgot all about his scolding. Every now and then, she would get up and reach across the table to get something to serve him, and he would happy stare at her belly button each time it peeked out under her shirt. She caught him looking at her there a few times, but she just smiled at him warmly when she did.

Even before he was done eating, Vishal had a full-blown erection.

"Go and wash your hands, Vishal. Then relax for a bit. I'll clean up here."

Vishal washed his hands in the bathroom, but he didn't want to go relax. He went to the kitchen and stood in the doorway. Nisha was washing the dishes. Her breasts were gently swaying as she scrubbed.

She noticed him standing there. Her eyes momentarily looked down at the bulge in his shorts before looking back up at his face.

"What's up big guy?"

He smiled at her and blushed.

She wiped her hands and went over to him.

"What is it?"

"I... I'm still sweaty" he turned beet red.

Nisha had a puzzled look on her face momentarily, but she immediately understood what he wanted. She gave him a wide smile.

She reached out and grasped the hem of his t-shirt with both hands. He raised his hands obediently even before she started lifting it. She slowly raised his t-shirt up, over his chest, and up his arms. Once it was free, she draped it over her arm. He lowered his arms and clasped them in front of him over his erection. She smiled at him. He smiled back. She rubbed his bare chest and tummy lovingly.

"Better now?"

He didn't answer. Instead, he unclasped his hands from the front of his shorts, and slowly and deliberately moved them behind his back, clasping them there. She looked down at his hands as he did so, the bulge in his shorts revealed again.

She immediately knew what it meant, and she beamed at him.

She placed the t-shirt on the counter and knelt down in front of him, her face level with his bare tummy. Then she reached out and unbuttoned his shorts, and slowly slid the zipper down over the bulge of his erection. Then she slowly drew his shorts down his legs. He shuddered as his briefs, barely able to contain his erect penis, were exposed to her. She drew his shorts down to his ankles and waited. He stepped out of them.

Nisha placed the shorts over his t-shirt on the counter. She looked up at him and smiled again, still kneeling. Standing there in just his briefs now, he smiled shyly back.

Then she slipped the fingers of both her hands into the front waistband of his briefs, on either side of the bulge of his penis, making him shudder.

"Are these sweaty too?" she asked, as she started pulling his waistband forward, away from his body! His erect penis came forward and bobbed gently, and she was momentarily looking directly at it! He hurriedly brought his hands down to cover it up. He shook his head quickly from side to side to say, no, he didn't want her to take those off. She slowly released the waistband, leaving it over his hands. He extracted his hands from his briefs and clasped them behind his back again.

Nisha stayed kneeling and looked at his briefs a little longer. There was now a gap at the top as they were no longer able to contain his penis that was trying to push forward. The bright light streaming through the kitchen window rendered the fabric semi-sheer, and she could clearly see the shape of his penis, her face just a few inches from it. Vishal felt his penis lurch forward involuntarily, as if it were trying to escape the confines of his briefs towards her. She saw it too. She looked up at him and smiled, and gently stroked his bare upper thigh close to his briefs. He smiled back, thoroughly embarrassed. His knees felt weak, like they would buckle at any moment.

After what seemed like a long time, she finally stood up and ruffled his hair. She turned to go back to the sink and noticed he was staying put.

"Well, if you're just going to be standing there looking happy like that, you might as well come and help me with the dishes," she said, with a mischievous smile.

