 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index
Chapter 1
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:07 am

I wasn't spying on my next door neighbor. Or at least it didn't start out that way. I was sitting on my bed one morning minding my own business. I spent most of the morning cleaning out the garage and making room for my car. It's due back from the shop soon. I can't drive it yet. I'm only fifteen and I don't have my license. But it's only going to be four days before the big day arrives. Today is Monday. My birthday is on Thursday.

Dad has been helping me fix up my car. I've also gotten a lot of help from my best friend, Kyle. Kyle is a mechanical genius. To be perfectly honest, I'm a lot better at fetching a wrench than turning it. But I'm learning.

Summer vacation just started and Kyle was coming over in a few minutes. Our plans for the day were not that ambitious. We were going to the mall to do a little girl watching. I just finished showering and dressing to go out. I was sitting on the side of my bed putting my sneakers on when movement outside caught my eye and I looked through my window.

The movement turned out to be Mrs. Hanson. She and her husband just bought the house next door about four months ago. I've met her a few times. She's really hot. I think she's about twenty-four or twenty-five. Her husband is a white collar type who works at the new plant outside of town that makes some sort of electrical assemblies that go into airplanes.

I wasn't spying. But when I saw her moving around her backyard in that tiny bikini I didn't mind watching. I'm really glad that the Hanson's moved in. She spends a lot of time out in her backyard in one of her many skimpy bikinis. Being a typical teenage male I can't help but enjoy the view. I watched her for a minute or two and then I had a sudden inspiration.

I've been spending all of my time and most of my money lately on fixing up my old car. I think that my parents have been impressed with how responsible I've been. Not that I'm normally a troublemaker. But between fixing up Kyle's old pickup truck and my old MOPAR the two of us have spent most of the last two years in one garage or the other. It's hard to get in trouble in your own garage.

When they started trying to decide what to get me for my birthday my observant little brother suggested the camera that I've been drooling over lately. I've been lusting in my heart for the latest Nikon DSLR.

My birthday is still almost a week away. But my dad had to fly to China on business and he isn't going to be home in time for my birthday. So they gave me the camera early. They threw in several very expensive lenses, including a Nikkor 80-400 zoom lens that's incredible. It doesn't suck when your parents own their own company and are well off.

I had absolutely no ulterior motives when I put that lens on my camera and stood at my window. I was just testing it out for the first time. Mrs. Hanson is such a lovely subject. I followed her with the camera as she moved around her yard, keeping her framed in my eyepiece. She didn't seem to be doing anything, just looking around at the shrubbery or something. She seemed nervous, though.

I snapped a few pictures of her sweet body in that tiny bikini. A few of them, especially the ones I took when I caught her bending over, were very hot. I began to feel a little guilty because once I started following her with the camera and taking pictures I guess I'd have to say that what I was doing was verging on spying. My conscience told me that she has a reasonable expectation of privacy in her backyard. And I was a little nervous that she might look up and catch me. That would be awfully embarrassing.

And then, for just a second I thought that I had been caught. She stood up suddenly, spun around and rushed for her side gate. I put the camera down and stepped back from the window.

I was incredibly relieved when I leaned forward and peeked out to see a man standing at her gate. She hadn't been reacting to seeing me. Her visitor must have knocked or called out to her.

I watched her let the guy in. I was more than a little jealous of the close-up view he was getting of her in that tiny bikini she was wearing. And then I watched in shock as he took her in his arms and they kissed passionately. The man she was kissing is NOT Mr. Hanson! He was a much older man. He's at least in his late forties. He's even older than my parents!

I watched in shock as the guy grabbed her and pulled her small body against his own much larger one. He's a very big guy and he really dwarfed her. She looked like a little girl in his large, muscular arms.

As they kissed he began moving his hands over her body as if he owned her. He even grabbed a double handful of that sexy ass and lifted her right off the ground. I brought my camera back up to my eye and got a couple of good pictures. His large hands were working their way inside her bikini bottom, pushing that tiny garment down as they did. I could see nearly half of her ass crack!

They finally separated. He took her by the hand and led her to the patio. He took off his suit coat and tie and sat down. I watched them for a few minutes. I freely confess that now I was definitely spying. They quickly began to make it worth my while.

After exchanging a few brief words the guy pulled Mrs. Hanson into his lap and started kissing her again. While they kissed he ran one of his large hands over her body, concentrating most of his attention on her perfect tits. I know they're perfect because he had her little bikini top off in no time at all.

I took about fifty pictures of her tits and the interesting things that his hands were doing to them. He was very rough. Much of the time it looked to me like he was trying to hurt her.

What surprised me was that she didn't seem to mind at all. She seemed to be trying to hide how she felt from her visitor, but before long there was a look of absolute bliss on her face!

This was the sexiest thing that I've ever seen in my life. I will grudgingly admit that I'm still a virgin. The prospects for that status changing any time soon are not good. I don't even have a girlfriend at the moment.

This was the first time I've ever seen a real, live, flesh and blood tit and the effect it was having on me was unbelievable. Okay. It was about a hundred feet away and I was looking at it through a four hundred millimeter camera lens. But that's a very powerful lens. That tit was right in my face! I could almost taste those nipples!

I watched in awe and I continued taking pictures, documenting everything that happened in my neighbor's backyard over the next forty minutes. And those two did it all!

It was only a few more minutes before he untied the bottom of her suit and tossed it away. There was only a tiny little landing strip of dark red hair over her tight little slit. My cock was so hard it hurt when I watched in extreme close-up as the guy began to finger-fuck my beautiful next door neighbor.

He played with her pussy and her tits for a couple more minutes. He was still very rough with her delicate body. If it weren't for the passionate expression on her face it would have looked like he was raping her.

They carried on like that for ten or fifteen minutes before they got up. As soon as he released her and got to his feet she almost tore his clothes off. I wasn't entirely certain before. But it was obvious now that she wasn't being taken against her will. She wanted that guy naked and she was in a hurry!

I took some incredible pictures of her sucking his big cock. But again, it was a very violent act. She didn't so much suck his cock as he held her head steady with his large hands and fucked her mouth.

It looked like it had to hurt. But she reached around him and held onto his ass, eagerly playing the part of helpless victim. From where I was standing, watching through my bedroom window with a painfully hard erection, it looked like she was trying to take even more of his big cock into her mouth.

I couldn't be entirely certain from my angle, but there were times when it looked very much like he drove his entire cock into her mouth and throat. I've heard of deepthroat. But that guy's cock is huge! It didn't seem possible to me that her delicate throat could accommodate the guy's oversized cock.

She continued to let him do anything he wanted to do to her without protest. He pulled his cock out of her mouth, picked her up and dropped her down onto a lounge chair cushion that was already lying in the grass waiting for them.

I watched him eat her pussy for a few minutes. Even that seemed like a violent act the way he did it. I got some great pictures of it. But the best pictures were of her face when she started climaxing like crazy.

I don't know who the guy is. But I thought it would be great if I could get some lessons from him. He really seems to know what he was doing. He was certainly having the desired effect on my beautiful next door neighbor.

On the other hand, I doubt that any of the girls I know would allow themselves to be used the way this guy is using Mrs. Hanson.

She finally reached down and pulled the guy up on top of her. I managed to take some good pictures of her small hands guiding his big cock to her pussy. It's a good thing my camera has image stabilization. I was so excited that my hands were shaking uncontrollably.

As soon as the head of his cock was inside of her he started fucking her like he was a human jackhammer. It looked pretty fucking brutal to me. But she obviously enjoyed it.

I decided to try out another interesting feature on my new camera. I carefully opened my window and slid the screen up. I attached the camera to the tripod and began to record a movie. I recorded a fifteen minute HD movie of the two of them fucking like rabbits.

I was getting very impatient for their little afternoon delight to end and for the guy to leave. I desperately needed to beat my meat but I didn't want to miss anything. I cannot remember another time in my life that I have been this horny. Mrs. Hanson will no doubt have a starring role in my sexual fantasies for years to come.

It wasn't much longer before I got my wish. The guy slammed into her a few more times and then stopped suddenly. He still had his cock inside of her when he looked at his watch and apparently told her he had to go.

He stood up and said something to her. She got up on her knees and I couldn't believe what she did next. While he sneered down at her as if she was some kind of whore, she began to lick and suck until his cock and his balls were clean. She even licked up a trail of slime on his thigh. She continued licking him until he roughly pushed her away.

I watched them for the next few minutes while they raced around getting him dressed. She escorted him to the gate and saw him out. When she was finally alone she walked around her yard for a moment longer in the nude with his cum running down the inside of her thigh. I took advantage of the opportunity to record her beautiful body in supple movement without some old guy's hands in the way of all the good parts.

She gathered up the pieces of her bikini and put the cushion that had been their mattress back in place. She turned and was obviously about to go inside. I moved my camera and tripod out of the way and started to pull my window screen down.

It caught! I was pulling the screen down when the damned thing got crooked and hung up for a second and then released suddenly. It closed much too quickly and made a surprisingly loud noise on that quiet spring day.

Mrs. Hanson's head snapped around and our eyes met. She was still standing there naked, her tiny bikini still dangling from her hand.

She stopped and looked up at me. Even without the telephoto lens I could see the shock on her face. I blushed at having been caught and a prickly wave of guilt washed over me.

I stepped back from the window so quickly that I fell back onto my bed. I lay there for several minutes, too embarrassed to sit up in case she was still watching my window.

Yeah. I know how silly that is. She's the one fucking around on her husband. Still, I felt guilty. I'd been caught peeping ... spying.

I finally sat up on my bed. She was nowhere to be seen. I closed my window and the blinds. I picked up my camera and shivered in teenage lust as I thought about the solid gold pictures that it contained.

I quickly uploaded the contents of the memory card to my computer and then, even though I was home alone I made sure my bedroom door was locked. I pulled my pants and shorts down to my knees and started going through the pictures slowly.

My hard cock was standing straight up and throbbing. I avoided touching it. I was afraid that a mere touch would set it off.

The first pictures were hot. She looked fantastic in that tiny bikini. But fuck me! When I got to the pictures I took after that guy took her top off and I got my first clear look at her perfect tits nearly life size on my monitor I almost came without touching my dick! They were so clear and so close! I could actually see the pores in her skin! They were so clear that they were almost 3-D.

Her nipples were long and hard and dark pink. They made my mouth water to look at them. Watching that guy's hand move over them and caress them was making my heart beat faster. But a few minutes later, when he removed her bottoms and I saw her nearly hairless pussy, DAMN! Fucking beautiful!

I've already admitted that I'm still a virgin. But her pussy was so clear in those pictures that I think I can tell you how it tastes!

In a few of the pictures, even before he put his fingers inside of her, I could clearly see her juices glistening in the sunlight. They were beginning to coat the tight lips of her pussy.

Her pussy looked like it belonged on a little girl. There was just that quarter inch wide strip of hair above her slit, just enough to tell she was a natural redhead and to indicate she was an adult. There were no external labia showing.

Don't look at me like that! I have the internet! I've seen lots of pictures.

I began to gently tease my painfully hard cock while going through the photographs. But I was careful not to cum. I wanted to wait and cum when she did while that big dude was fucking her.

I finally finished looking at the still photographs and started the movie I made of her getting fucked. When the movie started, filling up my twenty-six inch HD monitor, it actually took my breath away! I didn't make it more than two minutes before I came all over my stomach. I sat there, gasping for air and watching my neighbor put out for her boyfriend for another minute or two before I finally stopped the movie and cleaned myself up.

I was still wiping up the cum when the doorbell rang. I had completely forgotten that Kyle was coming over and we were going to the mall!

I called down on the intercom and made sure it was Kyle. I told him to come in, that I was almost ready and would be right down. I went into my bathroom and cleaned my stomach and my cock. I was still a little shaky when I shut down my computer and went downstairs.

I was still incredibly turned on, too. I couldn't wait to tell Kyle what just happened outside my window. But for some reason, when I got downstairs I couldn't do it. I don't know why. I desperately wanted to tell him and even show him the pictures. But the words didn't come out.

I decided to wait. I think it might have been because, even though they were the hottest pictures I've ever seen, I still felt guilty about spying.

We went out to his truck. Kyle is two months older than I am and already has his license. A couple of years ago he found and began to customize a 1939 Studebaker pickup truck. The truck is finished now and it's immaculate. He did most of the work himself, including some pretty extreme bodywork.

I helped a little and in the process learned a lot. His father helped as much as he could. But Kyle has a real talent for that kind of thing. He built a show truck out of that hulk he found in a barn near his grandfather's house in the upstate.

And unlike me, Kyle had to work his ass off at two part-time jobs to pay for everything. His dad is a great guy. But it would be exaggerating a little to say that he's middle class. Maybe they don't live in poverty. But they certainly aren't well off.

Don't get the wrong impression. They maybe don't have a lot of the shit my family has. But they're a very happy family.

Hell, I spend nearly as much time at his house as I do at mine. I'm almost a part of that family, too. But Kyle's dad doesn't have money lying around to spend on parts for a seventy year old truck.

Well, to be honest, there isn't a whole hell of a lot left on that truck that's original. But damn! You should see it. Better yet, you should hear it. I just about get a hard on every time he starts the engine.

Kyle started off down the street. I found myself staring at Mrs. Hanson's house as we went by. I'm almost certain that I saw her curtains move as we went down the street. The image of her beautiful, sexy, naked body flashed through my mind. It was a minute or two before I realized that Kyle was talking to me.

I sat back and willed my growing erection to subside while I tried to figure out what Kyle was talking about. It finally sank in that he was telling me that he found a guy who's selling a rebuilt starter for the car I'm restoring, a 1969 Plymouth GTX convertible.

Actually, restoring is a bit too ambitious a definition for what I'm doing. Dad bought the car when he was in his early twenties. It was more than twenty years old when he bought it and restored it. He put it in storage after a few years because he wasn't driving it but he couldn't bring himself to part with it. He planned to give it to me from the time I was born. Mom isn't too happy about it. But I'm in love with that car and I haven't even driven it yet.

When I started showing an interest in cars, dad took me to the place he was storing the car and asked me if I wanted it. I went nuts when I saw it. I remembered seeing the car in some of dad's old pictures and wanting it then. I had no idea he still owned it.

It needed new hoses and gaskets and a new top. It needed new tires. One of the rear side windows was broken. It's in the shop now having the upholstery and carpet replaced. Once it's running we'll probably find more things that need to be repaired or replaced. But hell yes I wanted that car!

The paint had faded. But dad has already had a custom paint shop sand it down and repaint it. Some of the trim had to be re-chromed. But the body is perfect. There isn't a nick, a dent, or a spot of rust anywhere on that car.

We checked on it before it went to the upholstery shop. The guys that did the paint really knew their shit. It looked like it did when it came off the showroom floor in 1969.

I'm still having trouble sleeping nights because of that car. I lay awake at night and picture myself driving it around town. It keeps my mind off of girls, at least for a few minutes out of the day.

We headed right for the food court when we got to the mall. As expected, there were a lot of kids there. School just let out for the summer and most of us are still figuring out how best to waste our time for the next couple of months.

Kyle and I won't be able to spend as much time together as we would have liked because of his jobs. He has to work this evening. But he doesn't have to go in until early evening. Since his truck is finished and my car is in the upholstery shop we had nothing to do but hang out.

We spotted some friends in the food court and joined them at their table. The table next to theirs was occupied by half a dozen girls. We know them all and there was a lot of friendly banter between the tables.

We got a loud greeting from our friends when we joined them. I noticed Kala sitting with the girls. Of course I noticed her. I've had a crush on her since her family moved here from Australia a little over a year ago. But every time I get within fifty feet of her my tongue ceases to function. Or more correctly my brain ceases to function.

I'd love to ask her out. And sometimes I think that she might even say yes if I did. She has always been very friendly. But that's just her way. She's friendly with everyone. Maybe when I get my license I'll grow a set of balls and ask her out.

Kyle thinks it's hilarious that I can't talk to her. And the weird thing is that it's only her that I have that problem with. I talk to other girls. On several occasions I've even invited a girl out to a movie or to the mall to hang out. Now that I think about it, I haven't done it that often but I've never been turned down when I've invited a girl out. You might think I'd have a little more confidence. But when I'm around Kala I turn to mush.

We pulled up a couple more chairs and I said hi to everyone. I blushed and nodded at Kala. Then I turned my attention to the boys at our table and tried to pretend I'm not an idiot.

I didn't do a good job of not being an idiot today. I kept thinking of Kala and somehow thoughts of her and Mrs. Hanson kept merging in my dirty mind. I'm not sure how that worked. But I was really glad that Kyle didn't suggest we go walking around the mall before the girls left and I had a chance to calm down. I couldn't have stood up for a while there. Not without being really embarrassed.

Once the girls left I was finally able to concentrate on the conversation. I took a lot of ribbing from the guys. They all know I have a thing for Kala and that I'm too chicken to talk to her. We also talked about some of the other girls and then the other major topic of interest for boys our age, cars.

Kyle and I got up after ten minutes or so and walked around the mall for a while. We weren't looking to buy anything. I looked at lenses in the camera shop. It's funny, just looking at the lenses made me think of my neighbor. We had to leave when I started to feel my dick getting hard. There's no way that I could explain to Kyle if he noticed I was getting a hard on while looking at a camera lens.

We walked around for about forty-five minutes. Then Kyle had to take me home and get ready to go to his evening job. I don't have a problem with teenagers working. I think it's a good thing, actually. But I feel sorry for Kyle. He has to work much too hard for the small amount of money he's paid.

He's a very impressive kid. I'm proud to call him my friend. He's a straight A student. He's a baseball and track star. He's the most personable kid in our class. Everyone likes him. And he works his ass off to buy the parts he needs to customize that truck and to buy clothes. He even pays for his own license and registration and puts money aside to help with expenses when he graduates and goes to college.

There has never been any question about him going to college. With his mind and his athletic ability he's guaranteed a scholarship. And my dad made it clear to him that if for some reason he didn't get one, he would send Kyle to college. Kyle is as much a part of my family as I am his.

Kyle dropped me off at the house and I went in and made a sandwich. I sat in the kitchen to eat. The house was so quiet with my mom working and my dad out of the country that I could hear the air moving. My dad and I are very close. I miss him when he goes out of town. To make matters worse, whenever he travels on business my mom has to spend even more time at their office. At times like this when I'm alone at home it's almost too quiet and peaceful.

And it's even quieter than normal this week. My brother is attending a summer camp for computer geeks. He'll be away for the entire week. It will just be me and mom. And mom will spend most of her waking time at work.

I sat at the kitchen table nibbling on my sandwich. I was totally relaxed. I wasn't even thinking about much of anything. So it startled the hell out of me when the doorbell rang. It seemed very loud in the quiet house.

I sighed and got to my feet. I went to the door and pulled it open with no expectations. I had no idea who it could be. When I saw Mrs. Hanson standing there I almost freaked out.

I felt my face turn red. One word in huge red letters flashed across my brain like one of those big signs in Times Square. "Busted!"

I thought she was about to let me have it for spying on her. I expected her to start yelling and screaming and calling me names. I was totally surprised when she stood there looking very uncomfortable and meekly asked, "Can we talk?"

I stared at her, still in shock. I stared at her for long enough that she didn't know what I was going to do. She finally looked up and our eyes met. It hit me like a ton of bricks. She's scared!

And then the second ton of bricks fell on me. Of course she's scared! I saw her cheat on her husband!

I stepped back to let her in and as she stepped into the foyer another thought occurred to me. She doesn't know about the pictures!

I closed the door. She jumped at the sound of the door closing. She drew a deep breath and asked, "Are we alone?"

I nodded. I didn't trust myself to speak for a moment. But my blood stopped pounding in my ears and I finally got at least a partial grip. I asked her if she'd like to sit down.

She shook her head quickly. But then she sighed and said, "Yes. I suppose we should."

I led the way back to the kitchen and offered her a seat. I put my plate and my empty glass on the counter and sat down across from her. We were sitting at the breakfast table in front of the large window looking out into our backyard. She stared out at the pool without speaking for a long time.

I waited for her to say whatever she wanted to say. I figured that she's already had a couple of hours to figure it out while I was at the mall. But apparently that wasn't enough time. She still didn't seem to know what she wanted to say.

Finally she started to speak. Her words caught in her throat and she stopped for a second. She cleared her throat and tried again. She was staring at her hands on the table in front of her. She couldn't look me in the eye.

Maybe she should have come right out and said whatever it was she came over here to say. A lot of things were occurring to me while I was waiting for her to speak. It was never my intention to tell anyone what I saw her do this morning. And I certainly never thought of the pictures I took as blackmail material.

But now, seeing her so scared, I was beginning to realize how much power I have over her. And suddenly a crazy thought went screaming through my brain.

I COULD FUCK THIS BEAUTIFUL WOMAN!

In order to keep me from telling anyone what I saw her do I suddenly realized that I could make this gorgeous young woman have sex with me. And she doesn't even know about the pictures!

If she had stayed in her house this afternoon I would have enjoyed the pictures in the privacy of my own room. I would have masturbated while I looked at them or while I was in bed at night thinking about them. But I would never have said a word to anyone, least of all her husband.

I know what you must be thinking. I must be a real lowlife son of a bitch to take advantage of a situation like this. I never thought of myself as the type of person to blackmail someone, or to force a woman to have sex with me against her will. But suddenly the prospect of taking advantage of her was making my dick hard. And after all, if she wasn't inclined to cheat on her husband in the first place I wouldn't be in this position.

She finally asked in a voice so tiny that I almost didn't hear her, "How much did you see?"

I shrugged and admitted, "I was sitting on my bed this morning getting ready to go out. I saw you in the yard in that bikini and I'll admit that you caught my eye. I saw the entire thing."

She groaned and covered her face with her hands.

We were both silent for another long minute or two before she asked, "Are you going to tell my husband?"

I didn't answer at first. She finally took her hands away from her eyes. The pleading look on her face was enough to break your heart. It did not, however, trump the image in my mind of her naked body.

I had no trouble at all picturing those close-up shots of her perfect breasts, tipped with those light pink nipples. They really stood out against the snow white flesh of her breasts. And that tiny slit just below her pubic hair! That part of the female body that, thanks to the programming we receive from our DNA, is the primary focus of every teenage boy's life from the time he enters puberty.

My extended silence, my delay in answering her question as my mind processed those images once more, only served to increase her fear.

I found myself unable to say what I was thinking.

"I'll keep my mouth shut if you have sex with me."

That was what I wanted to say. I guess I'm just not a very good criminal. I couldn't bring myself to say it out loud.

She mistook my hesitation for something else. She started crying quietly and said, "Please. I'll do anything. Don would kill me if he found out. I know what you're thinking. Yes, I do deserve whatever happens to me. But please, give me a chance. I'm not kidding. I'll do anything to save my marriage."

I looked at her. I struggled to keep from letting it show. But I couldn't help feeling sorry for her. That makes what I was planning all the more despicable. But I was starting to think that I'd be able to live with myself afterwards.

I offered her a drink. I wanted a minute or two to think about what I should say.

She shook her head.

I asked, "Who is he?"

She covered her face again and moaned, "Oh god!"

She took her hands away from her face and used a napkin from the holder near her arm to dry the tears from her eyes. Then she began to knead the napkin in her hands, unconsciously destroying it with her slender fingers. Finally she answered, "Ricky is my husband's boss."

She didn't explain so I asked, "How did it start? How long has it been going on?"

She didn't want to answer those questions. I'm not sure why she didn't tell me to go to hell. Fear I guess.

She took a deep breath and said, "We met at my husband's job interview. When they called him in for a second interview they asked him to bring me. That was right after he graduated from college, almost six years ago.

"The company has a lot of parties and company functions to promote morale. Everyone pretty much has to attend if they want to get ahead. Ricky started flirting with me right away. He's an awful man. He treats his people, and women, terribly. He began making passes at me at the first party we attended. He even did it right in front of my husband!

"He's more than twice my age but he's a strong, dominant, very impressive man. I found him very attractive even knowing what a pig he is!

"I didn't give in to him until the office Christmas party this past December. I enjoyed more than a little too much of the punch and somehow I ended up bent over the desk in Ricky's study. To this day I don't remember entering that room with him. He more or less forced himself on me. It was, for all intents and purposes, rape.

"He somehow lured me into his study. He kissed me and felt me up. I remember that. I tried to make him stop but he ignored me. Finally he bent me down over his desk, threw my dress up over my back, removed my underwear and ... took me. And god help me I loved it!

"Now we get together about twice a month. We usually go to a motel. But my husband had to fly out to the coast so Ricky suggested that we do it here. I wasn't happy about it. But when Ricky suggests something it isn't a suggestion. And I never seem to be able to say no to him. Believe me, I've tried."

I thought I already knew the answer to my next question. But I wondered if she would answer honestly. "Are you doing this against your will? Is he making you have sex with him?"

She closed her eyes. Her blush deepened. She slowly shook her head. Then she answered quietly, "God help me. He turns me on like no other man ever has. And I don't even like him! He calls me and orders me to come to him. And I always try to say no. He thinks he's making me. But he isn't. Not really."

It killed her to admit that she was a willing participant. I was surprised by her honesty as much as her strange answer. I'm still pretty naïve and I know it. But why the hell is she letting him use her like that if she doesn't even like him?!

I got up and said, "Don't move. I'll be right back."

I went up to my room and got my camera. I hurried back downstairs and sat back down. She was watching me, curious now that she had seen the camera, and even more nervous.

I put the camera down on the table and said, "I got this from my parents for my upcoming sixteenth birthday. That's a four hundred millimeter telephoto lens. You wouldn't believe how close you can get to your subject with that."

She gasped and exclaimed, "Oh god! You didn't!"

I felt my own strength increase as she seemed to grow more and more vulnerable. She was empowering me with her fear and her weakness. And didn't she just offer to do anything to protect her marriage? What did she mean by that?

I was beginning to realize just how much power I have over this beautiful creature. I even managed a smile. I thought my voice sounded more firm when I said, "I was testing out the lens when I saw you in your bikini. You really are sexy. You wouldn't believe how shocked I was when your guest arrived and you greeted him almost under my bedroom window."

She looked like she was going to have a stroke. I let her calm down before I said, "This is a pretty amazing camera. It can even record movies in high definition. Would you like to see the one I made of you this afternoon?"

She looked like she was going to faint.

I sounded sympathetic when I said, "You really don't want your husband to see it."

She sat still, struggling to breathe for a moment. In that moment I decided that it might be a good idea to show her the pictures. She should know just how much power I have over her.

I got up, picked up my camera and said, "Come with me."

She stared at me for a long time. Her face was deathly white. I wondered for a moment if she might actually faint. But as she managed to catch her breath her color started to return.

She didn't know what I wanted or where I was taking her. But she got to her feet.

My heart jumped into my throat. I probably wasn't this excited when I got the car, or the camera! I realized as soon as she stood up that I had her. She was mine. She was going to do what I wanted.

I'M GOING TO GET LAID!!

I guided her up to my room with my hand on her upper arm. She had stopped crying. She didn't bother to plead with me to be reasonable or to take pity on her. By this time I was reasonably certain that she must know what I want from her.

I'M ACTUALLY GOING TO GET LAID!!

She hesitated at the door to my bedroom. I went in and sat down at my desk. I didn't say anything. I just looked at her. She finally seemed to decide what she was going to do. She knew what her options were. She chose surrender.

She stepped through my bedroom door and crossed the room as if she were entering a dungeon. She didn't resist when I reached up and pulled her into my lap. She shifted uneasily when she felt my hard cock under her pretty ass. But she remained silent and acted as if she still had no idea why she was here.

As soon as she was sitting still and focused on my computer I turned on my monitor. It came to life with a bright, clear picture of my GTX that I use for wallpaper. I opened the file containing her pictures.

She gasped when she saw all of the thumbnails. She probably expected a handful of grainy pictures. Not a couple hundred works of art.

I opened the first picture and set it for slideshow. I held her with my arms around her waist while she stared at her sexy image on my HD monitor. The first dozen or so pictures were just of her in her sexy bikini. But they were nice pictures. I liked them. She was sexy as hell walking around in her backyard in the smallest bikini I've ever seen.

Then we came to the pictures that gave me the power. Her husband's boss arrived. She went to the gate and greeted him, perhaps not warmly, but very submissively. She sat in my lap and watched in silence as the first few extraordinarily clear photographs slowly appeared and were then replaced by even more embarrassing photographs.

When Ricky's hands gripped the cheeks of her sexy ass and squeezed she groaned. She apparently didn't like seeing what I saw today. She was seeing herself through my eyes and it embarrassed the hell out of her.

She was terrified. She desperately didn't want her husband to see these pictures when he came back from his business trip.

When the slide show came to the pictures of her exposed breasts she tried to cover her eyes. I held her hands down at her sides and said, "Keep watching. It gets better."

When the close-ups of her perfect pussy appeared on the screen she cried out and turned her head. I felt her shudder. Her humiliation must have been just about more than she could stand.

I almost laughed out loud when I tried to imagine how she was going to react to the movie that I was saving for last. But first there were pictures of Mrs. Hanson sucking Ricky's cock and Ricky eating her pussy. There were pictures of everything they did up to and including the point when she pulled him up over her and guided his cock into her and he began to fuck her violently.

As each new and revealing photograph appeared, and each new act of infidelity was revealed, Mrs. Hanson was aware of the nails that were being pounded into her coffin. She had already surrendered by the simple act of coming to my bedroom with me. She knew why I brought her here and she didn't even plead with me not to do this.

I knew that I could make her do just about anything now. And I have to admit that I was beginning to enjoy the power I have over her. It's a pretty heady experience, especially for a virgin! I didn't think that I was that kind of guy. It turns out there is a side of me of which I was totally unaware.

It was a long, and for me, very enjoyable time before the still pictures had all flashed across my screen. I let her watch them. I never put my hands anywhere they shouldn't go. I didn't grope her breasts or anything.

I think she was surprised that I didn't. But she must have known it was coming.

I leaned forward, reached around her and double clicked on the movie. In seconds the monitor was filled with the image of her copulating on the lounge chair cushion with her husband's boss.

Rick's large, hairy ass was hard for me to look at in such fine detail. But there was plenty of Mrs. Hanson on display, too. Her breasts could be seen moving in time to his violent thrusts when he wasn't biting or squeezing them.

The sound wasn't very clear. You could make out the sounds of his body slamming into hers and you could hear the occasional grunt or moan. When she was gripped in the throes of one of the many orgasms she enjoyed she often cried out in ecstasy and her ass frequently came right up off that cushion as she tried to match every one of his violent thrusts with one of her own.

I waited until she was staring in shock at the extremely clear movie before I began to move my hands up under her loose t-shirt. Her breath caught and she moaned.

I thought at first that she was moaning in despair. But she didn't struggle or try to talk me out of whatever it was that I had in mind. And she surely knew what I had in mind by now.

But I was beginning to think that there was more to her reaction than surrender. I was starting to suspect that she was getting turned on! She was watching her husband's boss nearly rape her and it was fucking turning her on!

I began to realize that I knew a secret about my pretty neighbor. I've already admitted that I don't know anything about sex. But I know enough to know that what I watched them do today was not making love. It had been unusually violent. The things they did were rough, even primitive.

Mrs. Hanson likes being taken!

I cupped her bra covered breasts for a few minutes. I could feel the heat from her breasts through the fabric. I have, on two occasions, been lucky enough to get very close to second base with a girl while sitting in the dark at the theater in the mall. Those were fleeting moments of pleasure. The girl, Linda, never let my hands remain in possession of her bra covered breasts for very long.

Now, I was free to explore at will! I let my hands fall to my sides and said, "Mrs. Hanson, remove your shirt and your bra."

It had been an order. Not a request.

She gasped again. She shivered violently. And then she whispered, "Oh god! I can't!"

But a moment later, with no further urging I watched as she slowly peeled her shirt off. I noticed that she was staring intently at the monitor. She was careful to miss as little as possible as she pulled the shirt off over her head.

She dropped her shirt on the floor beside the chair we were sharing. I nearly had an orgasm as I watched her shaking fingers reaching back and unfastening her bra.

I waited until she removed the bra and dropped it onto her t-shirt. I placed my hands on her stomach and slowly moved them up until I was cupping a perfect pair of naked breasts for the first time in my life. Now it was me that was having trouble breathing!

I felt the soft, warm flesh under my palms. I felt the pebble hard nipples. I could actually feel her rapid heartbeat! Or maybe it was my heartbeat.

OH MY GOD! I have the breasts of a beautiful woman in my hot fucking hands!!

After a couple minutes of exploring her breasts I admitted to her what was probably already obvious. "Mrs. Hanson, I'm a virgin. I've never touched a naked breast before. Except in pictures and movies I've never seen a breast until I saw yours through a telephoto lens today."

I swallowed loudly and continued, "I don't want to hurt you. I never intended to destroy you or your marriage. I want to learn about sex. I want you to teach me how to be a good lover. I want to do everything that two people can do together."

I knew that I weakened my position of authority when I admitted to my lack of experience and destroyed it completely when I told her I never intended to destroy her marriage. But I reasoned that she would soon have discovered my ignorance in sexual matters. It would have been obvious as soon as we started.

She actually seemed relieved. I'm not sure what she expected. She must have really needed to hear me say that I didn't want to destroy her marriage.

She nodded her head and said, "Alright. I'll do whatever you want. And you'll delete these pictures?"

I knew that I couldn't bring myself to do that. Instead I said, "I'll promise that no one but you and I will ever see them. Well, you and me and probably one other person.

"I'm going to be as honest with you as I possibly can. You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. Those are the sexiest pictures I've ever seen. I'm not entirely sure that I can bring myself to delete them. In fact, there are going to be more. I like taking pictures of you. But I give you my word. If you do what I want no one will ever see them except us and a very close friend with whom I have always shared everything."
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 2
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:17 am

She obviously wasn't happy with the idea that these pictures would continue to exist. She was even more concerned about my friend seeing them. But there was no way that I could keep these pictures a secret from Kyle.

She quickly gave in. She didn't say anything. I felt her body slump in surrender when she realized that she really had no choice.

I continued to explore her breast with my left hand. My right hand moved slowly down to the shorts she was wearing. I struggled for a moment with the button that held them closed. I lost patience after a brief struggle and said, "Fuck it! Get up and take your shorts off."

She stood up and with her back to me she reached for the button. I stopped her when I realized that I should be enjoying this more. I got up and put a smaller lens on my camera while she watched.

She realized that I was going to take pictures of her undressing. It was obvious how much that bothered her but she never said a word. I pointed to the place I wanted her to stand.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Then she slowly moved to the center of my room. I took a few nice pictures of her with her breasts exposed. Well, I thought they were nice. She didn't look too happy about it. I ordered her to hold her breasts, cup them in her hands while I took a few more pictures. I was just about to order her to pinch her nipples and make them hard. It was then that I looked closer and realized that her nipples were already erect and as hard as they could be.

You couldn't tell from the expression on her face. But I was increasingly certain that my pretty neighbor was getting off on this. She likes being told what to do! She likes being embarrassed!

This was never my plan when I took those pictures of her this morning. I took them for my own pleasure. I took them because I couldn't resist when presented with the opportunity.

But I love where this is going. And now I realize that this is turning her on, too. She's trying very hard to make me think that she hates it. She's acting like a poor innocent victim. But I'm willing to bet that when those shorts came down I'm going to see a dark and very wet spot in her underwear.

This, what we're doing now, was the farthest thing from my mind when I took the pictures. I couldn't have imagined this ever happening to me in my most erotic wet dream. When I started to realize that this might actually happen I was thinking that I might get her to help me to learn about women, what they like, how to please them. I knew that eventually I would end up making love to a girlfriend and I didn't want to be the typical groping, fumbling teenage boy who doesn't know what the hell he's doing.

But now I could see that we were going off on a tangent, delving into an area of sexuality that I knew even less about. I'm definitely going to be learning about sex this afternoon. The possibilities that are being presented here are incredibly exciting. But this isn't going to be the sex education I envisioned when she entered my home this afternoon and our conversation began.

I moved around her, taking pictures of her from every angle. When I finished recording the beautiful view from every possible angle I stepped back and said, "You can take your shorts off now."

Another shiver ran through her body. It was a shiver of excitement and this time we both knew it.

I was too shocked to know what to think when I first realized that she was turned on by being humiliated and having someone tell her what to do. Now that it was starting to sink in I was really beginning to find the idea of being able to make this sexy woman do anything I want to be a huge turn on. What sexually frustrated teenage boy my age hasn't dreamed of a scenario like this?!

I found, though, that I was enjoying this even more now that I realized she was turned on, too. I felt a lot less like a rapist. I didn't like feeling like a rapist. Knowing that this was exciting her eased my conscience substantially.

I watched in awe as she slowly unfastened and then removed her shorts. I intended to take pictures of her taking them off. Unfortunately, I was so enthralled by the idea that this gorgeous woman was undressing for me and so caught up in watching such a beautiful woman undress at my command that I forgot!

She stood self consciously before me now in only a plain pair of pastel pink panties. They were just cloth, just a piece of fabric. But they were magic cloth because of their proximity to her body and the function that they serve. They hugged her perfect body like a second skin. The mound formed by her sexy pussy protruded from her body, emphasized as much as it was hidden by that plain, yet very feminine undergarment.

I was so excited by the way she looked that I couldn't stop staring. I've seen her naked through my camera lens. But she's standing right in front of me now. She's so close that I can almost feel the heat from her body. I can hear her labored breathing. I can almost smell the strange mixture of fear and excitement in the air.

I probably stared at her for several minutes before I thought to lift the camera and take more pictures. This time, instead of moving around her, I ordered her to turn for me. I snapped picture after picture as she slowly turned.

I ordered her to stop when her back was to me. Her beautiful, firm, high, perfectly rounded ass protruding erotically in those tight, silky panties was almost enough to make me cum in my pants! After taking dozens of pictures I stood there staring at her backside. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. I stared until she looked back over her shoulder, to see if I was still awake I guess. There's no part of this woman that isn't perfect!

Our eyes met and I exclaimed breathlessly, "You're so fucking beautiful!"

I was embarrassed by the way I sounded. She seemed amused for just a second. I think she almost smiled!

She finally turned back around to face me. I let the camera hang by the strap around my neck and I took a few steps toward her. I stopped about a foot from her. I was staring down at her protruding mound. I slowly reached out and gently cupped my hand over it.

She gasped. I saw her breasts rise and fall suddenly. It was an awesome sight. The heat from her body, the knowledge that I was holding a pussy in my hand for the first time, even if that thin, sexy, feminine piece of nylon came between my hand and her scalding hot pussy ... can it get any better than this?!

I continued to cup her pussy in my hand. I lifted my gaze to her breasts. Her hard little nipples stared back at me. I almost asked her if I could taste them. But just in time I came to my senses, more or less. I don't need her permission! I leaned down and licked her right nipple with the tip of my tongue. She shivered again.

I may not know what the hell I'm doing. But I'm having a fucking ball!

I moved my lips to her other nipple and licked it. Then I closed my lips over it and sucked softly before gently biting down on it. She cried out and put her arms around my head, crushing her breast against my face.

Seeing her reaction, knowing that she was as turned on as I was, that ramped up the level of my arousal significantly. I couldn't take much more of this. I slid my head out of her tight grip and stepped back a couple of steps.

In a hoarse, excited voice that didn't sound like it could possibly be coming from me I said, "I have to see you. I want to see all of you. Take the panties off."

There was something different about her now. She wasn't quite smiling. But I could see that she was excited. She wasn't trying to hide it any longer. I suspect that if I experienced a sudden change of heart and tried to send her home she'd be very disappointed.

She didn't quite smile. But the look of fear was gone from her beautiful face. It had been replaced by an expression that was hard to decipher. There was just a hint of a confident, sexy, teasing look on her face as she slowly slid her underwear down over her hips, stopping just before her slit was exposed. She looked into my eyes for a long moment. It was as though she were feeding off of my excitement, my lust for her. My obvious need for her was making her stronger. And then she slowly pushed them down to her thighs.

I stared at her exposed slit so intently that I didn't even notice when she finished removing her panties. Her mound was shaved clean but for that tiny Mohawk of red hair above her moist slit. The soft flesh around her opening is swollen and red, visible signs that she's nearly as affected by lust as I am.

When it finally got through to my lust clouded brain that this beautiful woman wants me it was an epiphany. Teenage boys, and I suspect that it's especially true of virgin teenage boys, don't necessarily think of females as sexual beings so much as targets for their own needs and desires. Girls are those creatures who have to be convinced or tricked or somehow wheedled or coerced into allowing us to vent our passions on their bodies.

I haven't had my first orgasm with a woman yet and already that myth was shattered. The beautiful woman who lives next door to me, the woman who is standing naked in front of me and following every order I give her, this woman wants to have sex with me!

I don't mean to imply that she has the hots for me personally. I'm not that conceited, or stupid. She's excited by the helplessness of the situation in which she finds herself and by my reaction to seeing her naked.

Not unconditionally. I'm sure that in the back of her mind she still has reservations about this and she still seems to be embarrassed. But I think that in large part those things are the things that are turning her on. On some level this situation appeals to her. The things we're doing are turning her on just like being forced to have sex with her husband's boss turns her on.

I slowly bent down and picked her panties up off the floor. They were all rolled up because of the way she rolled them down her legs when she removed them. The white lining was visible. I touched it and discovered that I had been right. They were soaking wet. When she realized what I was doing, what I was looking at, she moaned and turned an even darker shade of red.

Our eyes met and while we stared at each other I lifted her underwear to my face and inhaled her aroma. It was like a drug. The smell of her arousal nearly made me dizzy.

She looked away and whispered, "Don't. That's..."

She didn't even know what she wanted to say. But she knew now that even as dumb as I am I had discovered the evidence of her excitement. I knew she was turned on.

Mrs. Hanson was not the only person in the room who was embarrassed. Now it was time for me to undress. I couldn't bring myself to take my clothes off in front of her. I've never undressed in front of a member of the opposite sex. Even now, even though I was moments away from having sex with her, I couldn't bring myself to take my clothes off while she watched.

I'm not ashamed of my body. I'm in pretty good shape. I'm reasonably athletic. There isn't any fat on me. My dad put together a small exercise room in a corner of the basement and I work out several times a week to stay toned.

I don't have any feelings of inadequacy. I'm no porn star but I have an average size dick. It's a little hard to compare. I've seen a lot of cocks in locker rooms as I was growing up. But of course I've only seen them in their flaccid state. From what I've read, though, I believe that my cock is about average or maybe just little larger than average. Like most guys, I suppose, I'd be more than happy if it was twice as big. But I'm not self conscious about the size of my cock.

I am self conscious, though. I ordered her not to move and I slowly walked around until I was standing behind her. I admired her ass for another long moment, slowly sliding my hand over the soft skin of one of those perfect twin globes. I sighed deeply and stepped back. I stared at her as I put my camera down on my dresser and began to undress.

When I was finally naked I discovered that I was suddenly feeling much less in control of the situation. But I was intuitive enough to realize that if I let that show it would be a mistake. I think it's important to her that I remain in control. This beautiful woman who is half again as old as me and much more experienced needs me to take charge.

I don't know how I knew that. I'm not usually that intelligent when it comes to the opposite sex. And at the moment most of my blood is being directed away from my brain. Somehow I knew it, though.

I moved close again. I pressed my body against her back. My erection nestled between the cheeks of her ass. I had to be careful not to move around too much. Her sexy back wasn't where I wanted to deposit the fruits of my first orgasm with a woman.

I reached around and cupped her breasts. She moaned in pleasure and I knew exactly how she felt. My hands kneaded her soft, firm flesh and I leaned down and kissed her neck and her shoulders.

While I teased her like that I listened to her breathing become louder and more rapid. The strangest thought flashed through my head. For just a second I had the feeling that I was cheating on Kala. I've never even had the nerve to ask Kala out. I've barely spoken to her. I want to. I have feelings for her. But it went without saying that she wouldn't approve of what I was doing now.

But that was silly. If anything developed between Kala and me I would take her feelings into consideration. I'm not obligated to Kala or any other girl at this moment.

It was a fleeting thought, though. I was far too fascinated with the sexy body that I was exploring, the woman I was about to have my first sexual experience with.

I stopped kissing her and whispered in her ear, "I have to cum. You're driving me crazy."

She nodded her head slightly. I felt the cheeks of her ass tighten around my cock. Her entire body seemed to clench up for a second. She seemed almost as anxious for this to happen as I was. Of course, that could have been just wishful thinking on my part. But I don't think so.

She hadn't uttered a word in a long time. And I am, as I have already disclosed, no expert on women. But it was obvious that my sexy neighbor was turned on by the idea of being a sex slave to the teenage virgin that lives next door to her.

I took her by the hand and pulled her around to the side of my bed. I sat down, spread my legs and said, "I want a blowjob. But not like you did for Ricky. I want to cum in your mouth."

She was staring down at my throbbing cock while I spoke. When I told her what I wanted she responded with a hissing sound. She sounded like a snake when she moaned, "Yesssssss!"

She dropped to her knees between my legs. Her hands came to rest on my thighs, just above my knees. They slid slowly up until she was cradling my balls with one hand and steadying my cock with the other.

She leaned forward slowly and she moaned again as her lips opened up and my cock slid into her mouth.

I had no fucking idea!! I mean, I knew that sex was exciting. It's what makes the world go around. But when her hot mouth began sucking on my cock ... oh god! There aren't words to describe it!

I was the one groaning and moaning now. And swearing and making noises that had no meaning but described what I was feeling perfectly. All I can say is thank god for Nikon! If my parents had given me an envelope full of cash for my birthday instead of that camera this would never have happened.

I knew that it wouldn't be easy to find opportunities to do this again after her husband and my father return to town. But I'm going to find a way. This is not something I'm willing experience just once and then never again. Or at least never again until I start dating and even then, how many girls my age would be willing or even capable of doing what this beautiful woman is doing with her mouth at this moment?!

I fell back onto my bed. I would have loved to watch her suck my cock. But I was nearly delirious with pleasure. It was all I could do to lie on my back with my eyes closed as I concentrated on the wonderful feelings coursing through my body while my neighbor sucked my cock. And she wasn't doing it like a woman who was being blackmailed. She seemed as eager and enthusiastic as I was!

I would like to be able to say that I held out for a long time and demonstrated a remarkable amount of self control like a true sexual athlete. That would be bullshit. I came in less than two minutes. I wasn't timing it. And time didn't seem to be traveling at its normal speed while she was sucking my cock. But I knew it was over very quickly, much too quickly.

I wasn't very alert or aware for those two minutes and I'm afraid that I cannot describe in detail what happened. I can only say that she is very, very good at what she was doing and I enjoyed it very, very much. I showed my appreciation by achieving the most earth shaking orgasm of my life and nearly drowning the poor woman!

I didn't know what to expect when I started filling her mouth with cum. From what I've heard, girls aren't real fond of having a guy cum in their mouth.

I can certainly understand that. I wouldn't want a guy to cum in my mouth. I tasted my cum once after I masturbated. It wasn't so bad, I guess. It didn't smell or taste like bleach like I've heard. But it seemed a little bitter. It wasn't delicious. I wasn't inclined to taste it again.

But the way Mrs. Hanson reacted you would have thought it was what was for desert! She moaned and swallowed eagerly. As fast as I filled her mouth with cum she gulped it down until there was no more. And when I was finished she rested her head on my belly and held my cock in her mouth.

I slowly came to my senses. I was nowhere near satisfied. I was no longer in danger of erupting like a volcano and making a mess on the ceiling. But my cock was still hard and I could have happily continued.

Mrs. Hanson waited until my breathing returned to near normal and let my cock slip from between her lips. I couldn't see her face. But I could hear the excitement in her voice when she asked, "Do you really want to learn about girls and learn how to please them?"

I wanted to sound blasé when I answered. But I didn't pull it off. The excitement in my voice was obvious when I exclaimed, "Yes!"

She rubbed her cheek over my stomach, stopping to kiss me from time to time. Then she said, "I'll show you a nice way to do both. Get up on your bed and lie down on your stomach."

I wasn't sure that I heard her right. "On my stomach?"

She chuckled and said, "Trust me."

I sat up and turned around on my bed. I started to lie down on my stomach but she said, "Wait! We better pull your bedspread down."

I got up and pulled the covers back. I stretched out on my stomach in the middle of my bed. I didn't have any idea what to expect. I thought I was facing the wrong way to do anything but take a nap. I quickly learned that I had a lot to learn.

She got on her knees beside me on the bed and began kissing the back of my neck at the hairline. She took her time and began covering my neck with soft kisses and teasing my skin with the tip of her tongue.

She worked her way down to my shoulders. Her lips and tongue touched nearly every square inch of my skin. It may not sound very exciting. But my skin was tingling with pleasure. It seemed like every time she touched me the pleasure I was feeling increased. My cock stayed hard the entire time.

She kissed her way down my body. She even kissed and licked between the cheeks of my ass! I wasn't expecting that. And when her tongue touched my anus I almost lost it! My body quivered uncontrollably and I groaned in pleasure.

She whispered, "It feels wonderful, doesn't it? Ricky taught me that."

Except to moan in pleasure I couldn't even answer her.

She moved down, spreading my legs and licking between them before kissing her way all the way down to my feet. Even that was exciting!

She kissed my feet and even sucked on my toes for several minutes before she whispered, "Okay. Turn over."

I happily obeyed, though I was so relaxed it took me a moment to gather the strength.

As soon as I was on my back she began the same process all over again, working her way back up the front of my body. When she came to my cock and my balls she was careful not to spend too much time there. It was pretty obvious that it wouldn't take much to set me off again.

She kissed her way all the way up my body to my face. After kissing all around my face she brought her lips to mine and we kissed like lovers while she moved her fingertips over my highly sensitized skin.

Then she lifted her head and said, "Do you really want to learn about girls? Do that to me now."

I couldn't think of anything I'd rather do!

I moved out of the way and she took my place in the middle of the bed on her stomach. I stared at her perfect body for a long moment. I still found it hard to believe that this was actually happening to me.

I got up on my knees beside her. I carefully moved her long, luxurious red hair aside to bare her neck. This wasn't just a new experience for me. It was a new concept. The whole idea of pleasing my partner, I'm not sure that the idea had even occurred to me! Until that moment the concept I had of sex was pleasing me!

The funny thing is that now that she had introduced me to it, the idea of pleasuring my partner really turned me on. I was looking forward to exploring every inch of that beautiful body. But I can't deny that in the back of my mind I was thinking of how much fun it would be to demonstrate to Kala what I'm learning today.

I probably should have been thinking more about Mrs. Hanson and less about a girl I don't even have enough nerve to ask out. But hell, it isn't like I'm dating my neighbor. This was just about the sex.

I leaned down and began lightly kissing her neck and teasing her with the tip of my tongue, just the way she did it for me. She sighed and said in a breathless voice, "Very good, Dean! That feels wonderful."

I was having a ball. But the encouragement helped. I took my time, just the way she did. Her softly scented body passed slowly under my face as I teased and at the same time studied every inch of it. I did all of those things to her that she just did to me and I was amazed at how much turning her on turned me on.

Up until now my ideas about sex were to get my hands on a girl's body. I wanted to see it and I wanted to touch it. I wanted to put my dick inside of a girl. But I don't think I even thought about trying to turn a girl on. I wanted to do those things because there was something inside of me that craved it. My mind strongly desired to explore a girl's breasts and her pussy, those parts of the female body that have been hidden from me all these years.

I was learning an important lesson here today. It's an exciting lesson that I'll remember for the rest of my life.

She enjoyed it almost as much as I did. But I have to be honest. I was really looking forward to the moment when she turns over. This is all very exciting. But I was very curious about eating pussy. I've heard other guys my age talk about it. But you can't believe anything a guy says about sex. And there was some minor controversy. Some of the guys claim to love it. But there are others who make a face and swear they'll never put their mouth where some other guy has put his dick.

I thought that was being a bit narrow minded. I can understand them not wanting to have a dick in their mouth. But they seem to like it well enough when a girl does it to them. And if they aren't going to put their mouth where some other guy put his dick, does that mean they aren't going to kiss a girl on the mouth either?

I decided that the best thing for me to do is ignore a bunch of ignorant ass boys who know as little about sex as I do and follow Mrs. Hanson's lead. The problem is going to be maintaining what she perceives as my power in our relationship while letting her teach me all the things I'm too dumb to figure out on my own.

The truth is that I would never have told her husband what I saw today. It never crossed my mind until she asked me not to. I wouldn't post those sexy pictures anywhere on the internet or email them to my friends, either. But it was certainly working to my advantage to keep that to myself.

I finally finished exploring her feet. That was the only part of this that gave me pause. It turned out to be surprisingly erotic. Not so much because the act itself was erotic, but because of how much she seemed to enjoy it.

But when I finished sucking her sexy little toes and she turned over, her extreme beauty took my breath away again. I hesitated for a long time, staring down at perfection. How could any male not?! She's more beautiful and sexier than any woman I've ever seen in the Playboy Magazines that my father thinks he's hiding from me.

I spent much more time exploring after she turned over. I kissed and lightly tasted every inch of her sexy body. But I also learned. I examined every detail of her body and I learned where she enjoys being touched. She suggested that it would be more fun if I saved the detailed exploration of her pussy for last. I was anxious to examine it more closely. But I saw her point and skipped over it with only a few light kisses.

I spent a little more time on her breasts. I was impressed by the way they stood straight up on her chest. They aren't huge. But I'm not really into huge. I thought her breasts were the perfect size and the perfect shape. I'm well aware that hers are the only breasts that I've seen in the actual flesh. But I know perfection when I see it.

I loved the way she reacted to being touched. I was fascinated by her small, incredibly hard nipples and her moans of pleasure when I kissed them. I'm not positive. But I think she actually experienced an orgasm when, at her insistence, I bit down lightly on them. That was the second time!

I finally managed to drag myself away from her breasts and work my way up her neck to her face. She reacted very strongly to having her neck kissed and licked. We ended up kissing passionately for another minute or two before I started working my way back down to my ultimate goal, her pussy.

I wedged my body in between her long, slender legs and started kissing the area around her pussy. A large amount of clear fluid was seeping from her. It glistened on the lips of her pussy as if to call attention to heaven's gates. There was a tiny trail of it running down between her legs.

She explained in a husky, lust choked voice that it was just lubricant. It's the same clear liquid that's oozing out of my cock at this very moment and it serves the same purpose.

I ran my tongue up through her slit and she cried out. Her ass came right up off the bed and her entire body shivered and twitched spasmodically as if she were losing control of her muscles.

I watched her until her quivering body was at rest and then I did it again. I kissed her prominent mound for a moment and then I carefully spread her pussy open with my fingers. I finally got a close-up look at the first female sex organ that I've ever seen. It was beautiful!

I've learned enough from other guys and from the internet that I had a general idea about the various parts. But she was able to advise me on the best way to please a woman with my lips and my tongue and my fingers.

It wasn't easy for her. She kept having violent reactions to the things I was doing to her. I did everything she suggested and I was rewarded by getting to watch her have one massive orgasm after another. It was the most amazing thing I've ever seen.

She must have enjoyed a dozen orgasms before she reached down and lifted my face away from her pussy. She was panting loudly. In a strained voice she begged, "Stop! Please stop! I can't take anymore."

I could have kept it up for hours! But I knew there were going to be a lot more opportunities for me to do this. I would see to it. And I have every intention of taking advantage of them.

She guided me up beside her and we kissed again. She held my cock in her hand and told me how much she enjoyed everything I just did and what a good lover I am.

I don't know how much of that was sucking up. But I didn't mind having my ego stroked. It was her hand on my cock that I was having a problem with. I smiled and said, "If you don't stop that you're going to make a mess."

She laughed quietly and said, "We can't have that, can we?"

Then she moved down and licked my cock clean before taking it into her mouth again. She saw the concern, the disappointment on my face. She let my cock slip from her mouth and said, "Don't worry. You'll still be able to fuck me. I have no doubt you'll be ready to go again just about instantly."

I didn't doubt it either.

I relaxed and let it happen. After what we just did I didn't have long to wait. I flooded her hot mouth again and she swallowed it all easily. She held my cock in her mouth for several minutes and I still didn't lose my erection!

She smiled up at me and said, "See!"

Then, in a teasing voice she said, "Come on, cherry boy. It's time for the grand finale!"

I laughed and pulled her up onto the bed beside me. With her encouragement I rolled over and positioned myself over her. She reached between us and guided my cock to her very wet pussy. As soon as I felt the head of it resting in her opening I slowly pushed it inside of her.

I stopped moving with a couple of inches of my cock inside of her. It was like an oven! Blowjobs are great, but this ... the feel of her hot, wet pussy clamping down on my cock, this is heaven! No. This is better than heaven. Compared to a warm, wet pussy, heaven is just a rundown tenement in the low rent district!

I began to chant, "Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh Christ! Mrs. Hanson!"

She giggled and in a light, bantering voice she said, "Dean! You have your cock inside of me! Call my Cass for crying out loud!"

I opened my eyes and smiled down at her. I replied, "Yes, ma'am!"

Then I began to slowly lower myself onto her, finally letting my cock sink in all the way. There is no way to describe that wonderful feeling. I didn't want to move. I didn't want to pull it back out, even to have sex with her. I wanted to leave it inside of her and feel that heat and feel her pussy gripping my cock like a fist until I die.

It was a long moment before I became aware of her hands moving over my back and her lips kissing my neck and my shoulder. I opened my eyes and saw her watching me. When our eyes met she said, "It's wonderful. Isn't it? It's always wonderful. But that first time ... you'll never forget this. You're going to remember me for the rest of your life. You'll remember that feeling, just like I remember my first time."

I smiled and replied, "It couldn't have felt this good. You don't have a cock!"

She chuckled and said, "It felt different, I'm sure. But it felt awfully damned good!"

I finally started to slowly move in and out of her. Our eyes remained locked together for a long time. I enjoyed the hell out of those two blowjobs earlier. But now I was even happier to have received them. I was happy because now I was able to fuck this beautiful, sexy woman for a long time. I never wanted it to end.

I had been fucking her for probably close to ten minutes when she said. "That feels wonderful, Dean. Would you like to try something else?"

Actually, no, I never want this to end. But I asked, "What else is there?"

She smiled and said, "Let's try some other positions. I know you don't want to stop. But if you do it will last longer. You want that, don't you?"

I definitely want that!

I slowly and very reluctantly pulled my cock out of her. She sighed and said, "You are very good at this. I suppose you're going to make me do this often. You're going to continue to force yourself on me, aren't you?"

I smiled, nodded my head and answered, "You got that right, bitch! I'm going to rape your sexy ass every chance I get!"

She put a bad imitation of a look of terror on her face and quietly exclaimed, "Oh no! Anything but that!"

I got up on my knees and waited for her to tell me what she wanted me to do next. She turned over and got up on her hands and knees. She looked over her shoulder and said, "You've heard of doggie style, haven't you?"

I nodded. I was staring between her legs at her throbbing pussy. I would very much have liked to have taken a picture of it that way. But I reminded myself that I would have many more opportunities for that. I had better things to do at the moment.

I inched closer and pressed the head of my cock against her dark red, extremely wet opening. It slid right in. Her pussy still gripped me like a tight fist. But it also welcomed me. It almost pulled my cock inside.

We both sighed loudly when our bodies joined again. I discovered that there are advantages to this position that I really enjoy. First there's the fantastic view of her beautiful body. And since I don't have to rest my weight on my arms I'm free to explore her body. I can caress her sexy ass and the soft skin of her surprisingly attractive back. I can't remember ever looking at a girl's back and thinking that it was sexy. But hers is. Best of all, though, I can reach under her and caress her breasts.

She seems to enjoy this position, too. She's more free to respond and I guess she's more comfortable without my weight on top of her. In a panting voice she informed me that a lot of women like this position because when they fuck doggy style the man's cock presses against her G-spot and it feels very good.

The only drawback to this position is that I can't see her face. I like looking at her face when we're fucking.

We fucked like that for another five minutes or so before she suggested another position. I suppose she's right. Putting the brakes on long enough to change positions really prolonged it. But after several more changes I couldn't take it anymore. I yelled, "Fuck this!"

We were lying on our sides and she had her back to me. I could only get about two thirds of my cock inside of her and I could hardly move. I couldn't stand it any longer. I pulled free, pushed her over onto her back and took her the way I watched Ricky take her earlier today. It was much more like a rape this time than when we first started. And she loved it!

She started screaming, "YES! FUCK ME! TAKE ME! RAPE ME YOU BASTARD!"

I did just that. I slammed into her as hard and as fast as I could. She continued to cry out. Her body began convulsing and her fingernails started raking my back.

I grabbed her hands and held them over her head, more from self defense than anything else. It turned out to be just what she wanted. Being restrained like that drove her right out of her mind. She started screaming, "YES!" over and over and struggling as if she wanted to get away. But even a dumbass like me could see that she didn't.

I watched her cumming. It was the most exciting thing I've ever seen. I think it may even have been more exciting than watching her undress! But I didn't see the end of it. I finally lost control. My eyes closed involuntarily and my body went crazy. At the very end I stopped slamming into her and began to grind my pubic bone into hers as I felt the cream shooting out of me and into her perfect orifice. I came so hard it hurt!

I didn't move for a long time. I couldn't. I was paralyzed. It must have been a couple of minutes before I finally opened my eyes and looked down. She was smiling up at me. But there was something special, something different in her expression. Not love. She hadn't fallen in love with me. But I got the impression that she was really impressed.

She finally pulled her arms free and wrapped them around my back. She lifted her head and kissed my chest. Then she quietly asked, "Was this really your first time?"

I sighed and nodded. I didn't trust myself to speak yet.

I pulled my soft cock out of her and stretched out beside her. She rolled over onto her side and moved her fingertips over my chest. I shivered as they worked their way down my stomach until she was gently holding my cock in her hand once more.

She smiled and exclaimed breathlessly, "Fucking amazing!"

Then she moved down, wrapped her sexy mouth around my messy cock and sucked gently.

I watched her. I thought it was disgusting when I saw her do it for Ricky. Somehow it didn't seem so disgusting now. I considered returning the favor. I looked down at her still red and throbbing pussy. I wanted to return the favor but I just didn't think I could do it. My cum was leaking out of her and her juices coated the outside of her sex and her upper thighs.

As if she could read my mind she said, "Probably not a good idea, Dean."

While I agreed that it wasn't a real good idea, I have a highly developed sense of fair play. My conscience told me that if it was okay for her to do it then it should be okay for me to do it.

I asked, "Why do you do it?"

"I do what Ricky makes me do."

"I didn't make you do it. What's it like?"

She rested her head on my chest and lightly teased my cock and balls with her fingertips. Finally she said, "I guess you've already figured out that I'm not like most of the girls you know. Sucking a dirty cock that has just come out of my pussy is disgusting. But every time he makes me do it I get so turned on. And after all, you said that you want me to teach you about sex. I'm teaching you about sex the way I like it."

I kissed the top of her head and reached around to hold one of her tits in my hand. I gently teased it with my fingers, enjoying the hell out of the way it felt in my hand. I asked, "What about your husband?"

She didn't answer for a very long time. Finally she sighed and said, "I love Don. I've loved him since we were in high school. He's the perfect husband, with one exception. For the last six months or so he has been perfectly happy having sex once or twice a month. He doesn't mind if I suck his cock. But he never returns the favor. He has no imagination. He would never consider fucking in any position other than the missionary position. And he absolutely refuses to discuss it.

"It's as if he doesn't even realize that there's a problem. I don't know. Maybe he doesn't. When I made the mistake of bringing up the possibility of seeing a professional he freaked out. I thought he was going to leave me.

"That may have been a large part of the reason that I was such an easy target for Ricky. I've learned a lot about myself from Ricky. You saw me today. You saw how I responded to him at his Neanderthal best. You saw the way I was reacting to you when you started telling me what to do. You figured it out. I saw it in your eyes. I think that you and I are going to have a lot of fun this summer, as long as you don't start getting doe-eyed on me."

I knew what she meant. I felt very close to her right now. But there was no danger of falling in love. This is just fun and games. Speaking of games, I remembered her reaction when I grabbed her wrists. I had a sneaking suspicion that she was the kind of girl that would like being helpless, tied up, perhaps even blindfolded. I didn't ask, though. It'll be more fun to surprise her.

I glanced at my clock. I was shocked. It was almost nine in the evening! It has been almost three hours since she came through my front door! Three of the most exciting hours of my life.

I gently pushed her away and asked, "How do you feel about having my mother walk in on us?"

Her eyes almost popped out of their sockets. I laughed and said, "Come on. Let's get dressed. She'll be home soon."

I watched her pull her t-shirt and shorts on and slip into her sandals. I pulled my shorts on and escorted her to the front door. I pulled her into my arms and said, "I'm coming to your house tomorrow morning. I'll probably be there between eight and nine. Be ready."

She reached down, cupped my crotch in her slender fingers and smiled. She purred, "I'm ready now."

I laughed and then we kissed. After we kissed she stepped back and looked at me curiously. I've never been too bright when it comes to the opposite sex. But this time I was able to read her mind. I smiled and said, "Don't worry. I like you. I like you very much. But I have a crush on someone else. I'm not going to be sniffing around at your door like that doe-eyed puppy you're so afraid of."

She looked relieved. I smiled and said, "That's right. You're just a cunt to me."

She took that in the spirit in which it was intended and laughed. Then she leaned forward, kissed me again and said, "You say the sweetest things. See you tomorrow."
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 3
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:25 am

I took a quick shower and aired out my room before my mother got home. I waited for her downstairs. We talked for a few minutes when she came in but she was exhausted and went to bed soon after she got home.

I went to my room with the intention of reading or watching a movie or something until Kyle got off work. I ended up doing a foolish thing. I sat down at my computer and checked my email. Then, even though I knew I shouldn't, I started going through the pictures I took of Cass today. I knew, even as I opened the file that I was making a mistake. I was going to get all hot and bothered even though Cass sucked my cock twice and fucked me nearly half to death today.

But no matter what happened to me today, one thing hasn't changed; my status as a horny teenage boy. I could not resist the temptation to see that beautiful woman naked again.

I opened the pictures and relived the most wonderful experience any teenage boy could ever have. I became so wrapped up in the pictures that I almost forgot to call Kyle. He gets off work at ten o'clock. I wanted to call him just as he left work so that we could talk in private.

I was a few minutes late calling. But he was standing outside of the store where he works talking to a friend. A good friend of ours is paralyzed from the waist down as a result of an accident he had when he was driving and talking on a cell phone. There was a lot of shit flying after that and a lot of us kids promised our parents that we wouldn't use a cell phone while driving. A few of us are even keeping our word.

I waited until Kyle was alone in his truck and said, "I need you to come over here tomorrow. You need to be here early, though. Like eight o'clock."

Kyle sounded less than thrilled. He said, "Come on, man! I just got off work! I'm exhausted. Why does it have to be so early? How about if we make it ten?"

I grinned. I knew that once he found out what was in store for him he wouldn't mind at all. But I didn't want him to know what I'm planning until the fun starts. Kyle is just about as big a wuss as I am when it comes to the opposite sex. It's funny because he could probably go out with any girl he wants. But he and I have the same problem I guess. We both have more than enough self confidence in every other area of our lives. Unfortunately, when it comes to girls that we like we freeze up.

But it's only with the girls we like! We both have no trouble talking to girls until we want to ask them out. I haven't thought about it before. But for a second I wondered if my experience with Cass would give me more confidence. That would be nice.

I continued to insist on eight o'clock. Kyle wasn't happy about it. But he was intrigued by the fact that I refused to tell him why he needed to be here and why he had to be here that early. So he finally agreed.

We were just about to hang up when he said, "Hey! I almost forgot! Kala came in this evening. We talked for a few minutes. She asked about you."

Cass was suddenly forgotten. I tried to sound cool when I asked, "What did she say?"

Kyle wasn't fooled. He chuckled and replied, "Nothing really specific. She asked if you were seeing anyone, though. And she asked if you ever mention her.

"Dude! She wants you to ask her out!"

It certainly does sound that way. But I could just see myself trying to talk to her and making a fool of myself. Just thinking about asking her out sent a chill down my spine.

There was a long silence while my mind pondered all the ways that I could embarrass myself with Kala.

Kyle interrupted my jumbled thoughts. He wasn't teasing now. In a suddenly serious tone he said, "Dean, she gave me her number. She asked me to have you call her. If you don't, I'm going to kick your ass."

He made me write down her number and said goodnight.

I was so wrapped up in that strange turn of events that I forgot about Cass for a few minutes!

I finally went to bed. I didn't bother to set my alarm. I always wake up early.

The next morning I got up and went downstairs. I made coffee and had it ready when my mom came down. She kissed me good morning and sat down to have a cup of coffee with me. I offered to make her some toast or a bagel or something but she very seldom eats breakfast.

We talked a little and then she asked me what my plans are.

I told her I was thinking of going next door and having sex with Mrs. Hanson.

She smiled and said, "That's nice, dear. Don't play too rough."

I tried to sound more serious when I said, "Kyle found a rebuilt starter for my car. We're going over and take a look at it."

She nodded and said, "I hope Mrs. Hanson won't be too disappointed."

I sighed and said, "You're no fun!"

She laughed and said, "Unfortunately, that is all too accurate a description lately. I think that when your father comes home from China I'm going to hold a gun to his head and make him take a cruise or something. I need a vacation. I'm turning into an old lady!"

I grinned and said, "You're pretty damned hot for an old lady, mom! If dad doesn't want to go on a cruise with you, you shouldn't have any trouble finding someone else who will."

She laughed and said, "Tell him that when he gets home."

She poured a cup of coffee to go and in response to my dirty look she said, "I'm always very careful. Christ! Which one of us is the parent here?!"

I shook my head and said, "Be careful. I need you to work so you and dad can keep buying me car parts and lenses."

She asked, "Do you want another lens? Do you need my card?"

I hugged her and kissed her and said, "That was a joke. Drive carefully."

She left for work. I cleaned the coffee pot and rinsed out my cup. I went into the garage and got a couple of things I wanted to take with me today when we went next door. Then I went up and took a quick shower. I got dressed and rummaged around for a few more things that I want to take with me when we go next door. As far as I know my parents don't own any sex toys, although come to think of it I've never actually looked. So I had to improvise.

I gathered everything I need and made it back downstairs a few minutes before Kyle arrived. I tried not to think too much about what's about to happen. I didn't want to over think it. But Christ I was excited!

I heard Kyle pull up in the driveway. I met him out front as he was coming up the sidewalk. He wasn't annoyed. But he damn sure wanted to know why he had to get up this early.

My camera was hanging over my shoulder. I almost didn't bring it. I don't want photography to intrude on the fun and games. But I figured that I could get a few pictures to embarrass her and amuse me without making a big production out of it.

I was holding the bag of material I'd just gathered. It held some rope, a knife to cut the rope, a scarf for a blindfold, and a few wooden clothespins on which I had stretched the spring out a little so that they would be uncomfortable but not painful when applied to certain feminine body parts.

I might be wrong. But I have every reason to believe that Cass will very much enjoy what I have in mind for her, including being taken by two guys at once if she hasn't already experienced it.

I smiled and said, "Kyle, trust me. You're going to be forever in my debt after today. You'll probably be so grateful to me that you'll give me your truck."

Of course we both knew that was bullshit. But he could tell that I have something planned that he's going to enjoy. It's getting harder and harder to contain my excitement. I've been anticipating this since Cass went home last night.

I said, "Come on. Follow me."

I took off across the lawn towards the Hanson's house. He asked, "Where the hell are you going?!"

I ignored him. He finally caught up and walked with me to the side door of Cass's house. I opened the screen door and then opened the door without knocking.

Kyle whispered nervously, "Dean! What the hell are you doing?!"

I ignored him.

I've been in her house a couple of times. I know where everything is. I started down the short, narrow hallway to the kitchen.

Cass heard us come in. She stepped out of the kitchen and saw us. She was expecting me. She wasn't expecting me to bring a friend.

She looked almost as nervous as she did yesterday when she came to my house. She kept looking back and forth between the two of us. She knows Kyle, or at least she knows who he is. She has met him a couple of times. But she only knows him to say hello to when she comes over to see my parents and Kyle is visiting.

She recognized him. I was watching her face. She saw the camera and I could see that she was curious about the bag I was carrying. She never said a word, though.

I didn't speak until I came to a stop in front of her. She was wearing a short silk robe. She was expecting me. She knows why I'm here. There's only one reason for me to be here.

I smiled and said, "Good morning, Cass. You look beautiful this morning."

She didn't respond. She was watching Kyle. She must be wondering how much I told him of what happened yesterday. It took a minute. But I think she must have been able to tell from the confused look on his face that he was totally in the dark. I also think that she found that exciting. Or at the very least it was amusing.

I put my arm around her waist and pulled her close. I kissed her lightly on the lips and asked, "What are you wearing under the robe?"

She started blushing from the moment she stepped out into the hallway and saw us. But now the blush deepened. She glanced at Kyle before stuttering, "I ... I..."

I tried to keep a serious expression on my face. I acted like I was upset and demanded, "I asked you a question, cunt!"

She shuddered and finally devoted her attention to me. She almost whispered, "I'm wearing a chemise and a pair of panties."

"Good. That sounds very sexy. I can't wait to see them."

I took her arm and began to guide her to the living room. Kyle didn't move. I looked back and said, "Come on, Kyle. You're about to get laid!"

Cass moaned when I said out loud what she was thinking.

Kyle still didn't move. He finally found his voice and exclaimed, "What the hell is wrong with you! I'm not going to rape anyone! I'm not going to let you rape anyone! Have you lost your fucking mind?!"

I smiled and assured him, "No one is going to get raped, Kyle. Well, no one but you if you don't quit fucking around and follow us."

He looked back and forth between me and Cass. Cass was trying to stay in character. For this to be the kind of experience she was now anticipating she would have to act like she was being forced. If she stepped out of character to assure Kyle it would diminish the fantasy.

I probably should have explained to him before I brought him over here. That's what I get for trying to surprise both of them. I dropped Cass's arm and said, "Stay, bitch!"

Then I went back to Kyle and whispered in his ear, "Play along, man! Trust me, it isn't rape. Don't spoil it."

I went back to Cass and led her into the living room. Kyle followed. But he wasn't totally convinced.

When we got to the living room I put my camera and the bag down. I waited until Kyle finally came into the room and then I said, "Cass. Take your robe off."

I heard the sudden intake of breath from both of them. Kyle looked at me like I had gone mad. Cass was nervous. But she was excited, too. I could see it in her eyes.

She untied the belt and then, while staring at the floor in front of her and blushing furiously, she slowly pulled her robe open and slid it off. She dropped it on the floor near her feet and stood there in her very sexy chemise and a pair of those boy style panties that was made entirely of lace. Fuck she looked hot!

The camisole was lacy and see-through and stopped about two inches above the waistband of her panties. The slightly darker circles of her nipples were vaguely visible through the low cut triangles of cloth that covered her breasts.

I couldn't quite make out the little strip of red hair that remained of her pubic hair. But her protruding mound stretched the material tight over her pussy and I could just make out the faint line of the opening to her pussy. Even with as little as I know about the opposite sex I know that there's only one reason for a woman to wear that outfit. She's planning to turn someone on.

It's working!

My original intention was to wait until later to take some pictures. But I had to preserve that image. I picked up my camera and took several photographs. I ordered her to move around and pose for me and she did. She was obviously self conscious about posing that way. But that only made the pictures sexier.

I put the camera down after taking a couple dozen pictures. I went over and walked around her. I pulled her into my arms and whispered, "Christ you're hot!"

I kissed her neck and her shoulder and whispered, "Have you ever been with two guys at once?"

Her body shuddered in my arms and she rested her face on my shoulder for a few seconds before she finally whispered, "Never!"

I chuckled and said, "You can thank me later."

She nipped at my chest through my shirt and then she quietly replied, "I will."

I stepped back and stood beside Kyle again. I said, "Cass, I was planning to rip your clothes off this morning. But that outfit is so hot that I can't bring myself to destroy it. So why don't you go ahead and take it off. Take your time. We have all day."

We watched her slowly remove the camisole. She peeled it off over her head very slowly and dropped it on the floor with her robe.

I heard Kyle exclaim under his breath, "Oh my god!"

Then he turned to me and whispered, "What the fuck is going on, man?!"

I just smiled and said, "I'll explain later. For now, don't look a gift pussy in the mouth. We have all day to fuck her and get blowjobs. And how would you like to eat a sweet pussy for the first time? I did it yesterday. She's delicious. I highly recommend it."

Cass could hear us. She didn't show it. But I knew how excited she was. She has probably have figured out by now that Kyle is a virgin. I think that the things we did yesterday turned her on a lot. I'm pretty sure that she had been even more excited by the fact that it was my first time.

Now she was going to introduce another boy to sex. But I have some surprises in store for her. Today is going to be different.

She hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her panties and began to slowly work them down over her hips. She glanced up at us as her pussy was uncovered. I was just as much in awe of her sexy body today as I was yesterday. And it looked like Kyle was about to start drooling!

She glanced back down at the floor quickly. But not before I saw the corners of her mouth turn up in a smile she couldn't completely hide. She really loves this. She's probably just as turned on as we are ... maybe more.

We watched her step out of her panties in as ladylike a manner as possible. She dropped them on her robe and stood with her hands crossed demurely over her pussy.

I ordered her to drop her hands to her sides and we stared at her perfect body for a moment. Then I ordered her to turn around slowly.

As we watched her turn, Kyle whispered, "Dean, I think I'm going to have a heart attack! You had sex with her yesterday?!"

I replied, "I fucked her and made her suck my cock for almost four hours. And I licked every square inch of that sexy body. I ate her pussy until she screamed for mercy. Before she left I told her that I was coming here this morning to fuck her again and ordered her to be ready."

I was piling it on a little thick, more for her benefit than Kyle's. I was just feeding the fantasy that drove her. It was a fantasy that I was only beginning to understand.

I generously offered, "Would you like to check her out before we get started?"

It was obvious that Kyle would very much like to have a closer look at Cass. But he was too nervous and too shy. I turned to Cass and said, "Come over here. My friend is a little shy. Show him what a beautiful body you have."

Cass took a few steps and stood in front of Kyle. She was as nervous as he was. The difference is that she enjoys being nervous. She's turned on by being embarrassed and being told what to do.

No one moved for a moment. I waited for Kyle to stop playing statue. He stared at her breasts, but didn't move a muscle.

I said, "Cass, take his hand and help him out."

She reached out, took his hand and guided it to her breast.

Under his breath he exclaimed, "Fuck!"

His fingers began to move tentatively over her breast. The look on his face as he explored a breast for the first time in his life would have been amusing if I wasn't certain that I had the same exact look on my face yesterday.

He must have memorized every pore on her perfect tit before he moved to its twin. I don't want to give the impression that after only one afternoon I'm immune to her charms and totally in charge. I'm just as excited as they are. I'm anxious to get started with the fun and games; the fantasy stuff with the ropes and everything. But except for my own impatience there's no hurry. And I can't deny that I'm getting a charge out of demonstrating my power over this beautiful woman to my best friend and I know that being made to behave this way is a turn on for her.

I watched Kyle for as long as I could before my impatience got the best of me. Kyle was even shier than I was yesterday and this was going nowhere. I was going to have to take control and get things moving or we'd end up standing here all day. I said, "Cass, go lie down on your back on the coffee table."

Their coffee table is a low, sturdy wooden table. It's more than strong enough for what I have in mind.

We watched her lie down and I ordered her to spread her legs. I placed my little bag of improvised toys on the floor nearby and pulled out the scarf. When I covered her eyes she shuddered again and quietly whispered, "Dean!"

It wasn't a protest. She loved it!

After the scarf was secure I ran my hands over her sexy body for a minute or two. I teased her beautiful tits and tweaked her hard nipples. I leaned down and took one of them in my mouth. I sucked it and gently bit down on it. I think she had her first orgasm of the morning when my teeth closed on her nipple.

I slid her body up until her head was hanging down over the end of the table. The table was the perfect length for what I had in mind. Now her mouth and her pussy were both easily accessible.

I reached into the bag and pulled out the rope. I cut off two pieces and handed one to Kyle. He was still skeptical. But he's smart enough to see that Cass is enjoying this, maybe even more than we are.

She gasped when she felt us securing the ropes to her wrists and then to the legs of the table. She didn't struggle or protest. Kyle seemed to find that reassuring.

I brought enough rope to secure her legs, too. That was my original intention. But at the last moment I decided that it would be better to leave them free.

I leaned down and kissed her lips for a moment. Then I whispered, "Are you ready for some cock?"

Her answer was to try to bite my lip. I hope she doesn't try that when my cock is in her mouth!

I got up and took a couple more quick pictures. Then I started undressing and suggested to a still stunned Kyle that he get undressed and get his first blowjob.

He was self conscious about undressing in front of me. Over the years we've undressed together in locker rooms on countless occasions. But this is the first time we've undressed for the purpose of having sex, with the same woman no less. More to the point, this is the first time we've been naked together with erections.

Kyle may have been nervous about having sex with my beautiful, young, married neighbor. But he was not so nervous that he had a problem getting a hard on. He dropped to his knees and his cock was so close to her face that she could smell it. I saw her nostrils flare when she sensed his hard cock so close to her lips.

He inched forward and pressed the head of his cock against her lips. She instantly opened her mouth and took him in. She even stretched her neck out to try and get more of it.

She started sucking eagerly and Kyle looked up at me with a stupid grin on his face. I took a few more pictures. Then I put the camera down and knelt beside her. I reached into my little bag of tricks pulled out two of the wooden clothespins with the weakened springs. After teasing her already very erect nipples for a minute or so I placed a clothespin on each of them.

She screamed around Kyle's cock and her body was racked by a violent orgasm.

Kyle looked stunned. But it wasn't enough of a distraction to keep him from reaching his own orgasm a minute later.

Cass swallowed the cum from his first orgasm of the day as if it were her favorite beverage. He left his cock in her mouth and let her nurse on it gently. He was just like me yesterday. I didn't lose my hard on until I experienced my third orgasm.

I waited for him to remove his cock from her mouth but he was in no hurry. I finally had to suggest that he might enjoy the taste of the delicacy awaiting him at the other end. I suggested that he move down to the other end of the table and see how delicious her pussy is.

He grinned, no longer a reluctant participant. Her enthusiasm has finally convinced him that she's a willing victim of our fake rape. He stayed on his knees and moved around to the other end of the table, his still hard cock bobbing in front of him as he moved.

He moved his hands over her thighs and her belly, getting his first close look at a pussy. He gently spread her open. He stared at her exposed sex for a moment. He had the same expression of awe on his face that I know was on my face yesterday. And I'm not so jaded after only one afternoon with Cass that I'm no longer in awe of this sexy woman. My cock is so hard now that it's almost painful.

Cass screamed when Kyle first touched his tongue to her juicy slit. Her ass came up off the table and she cried out, "FUCK ME! YES!! GOD YES!! That feels so fucking good! Just like that. Oh fuck! You dear, sweet man! Eat my cunt!"

After that she just made animal noises and thrashed around wildly. It seemed to take all of Kyle's strength to hold her down so that he could eat her out.

I moved around and changed the sounds she was making by pushing my cock into her mouth. She struggled with the ropes holding her in place. I think that she wanted to get her hands free so that she could wrap her arms around me.

I watched her suck my cock violently for a few minutes. Then I pulled half a dozen more clothespins out of the bag.

I pinched some skin together on her breast and attached a clothespin. She screamed around my cock and came again. I put six clothespins on her tits. Then I attached three more to the tender flesh of her underarms. There were a few more in the bag. But I was satisfied with the effect. And I was on the verge of my first orgasm of the day. So I forgot about my toys and surrendered to the pleasure of her hot mouth. I was more than ready to let her suck the cum right out of me. And only seconds later that's exactly what she did. It felt like I must have squirted a gallon of it in her mouth but she seemed to gulp it down easily.

After she swallowed my cum I left my cock in her mouth and let her nurse on it gently. She was still being driven crazy by Kyle's tongue. I finally suggested that if he didn't put his cock in her and fuck her she was going to completely lose her mind.

She moaned in agreement.

Kyle didn't need a lot of convincing. He straightened up and stared down at Cass for a moment. He inched forward until his hard, throbbing cock came to rest on her highly aroused pussy. He moved his hips, slowly running his shaft through her moist slit and causing her to moan around my cock again. The vibrations when she did that were incredible.

He finally quit fucking around and used his hand to line the head of his cock up with the entrance to her boiling hot vagina. I watched his cock slowly disappear inside of her. I could still remember vividly what that felt like from yesterday. It was obviously just as exciting for Kyle. The look of heartfelt pleasure on his face said it all.

I quickly picked up my camera from the floor beside me and snapped a couple pictures of his face in the throes of total ecstasy. Then I put the camera down and started fucking her mouth while he fucked her pussy.

His strokes were slow at first. He took his time getting used to the most wonderful feeling in the world. After a few minutes he picked up speed. But then he stopped and lifted her legs up. He rested them on his chest so that her calves were gripping his neck while he fucked her. Then he began to slam his cock into her violently.

Cass nearly lost her mind! She was screaming around my cock and experiencing orgasm after orgasm. I could only take so much of that before I came again, filling her mouth with another hot load of cum.

Kyle started to cum before I was finished. Cass came one more time as Kyle emptied his seed into her and then went limp. I pulled out of her mouth and said, "Let's trade ends."

He pulled his cock out of her pussy and after looking down he said, "I have to..."

I smiled and said, "It's okay. She'll clean you up. Go ahead. Put it in her mouth."

We traded places and she quickly wiped the doubt from his face when she eagerly began to gobble up his messy cock. I noticed that it wasn't quite as hard as it had been, but it wasn't soft yet.

I've already been treated to two orgasms this morning. But I'm still more than ready to experience what the guys at school disparagingly refer to as sloppy seconds. I aligned my cock with her juicy pussy and my hard cock slowly entered her body. Once more it was driven home to me that the guys at school don't know squat about sex. Cass's wonderful pussy was every bit as exciting as it was when I fucked her for the first time yesterday. And her pussy clamped down on my cock just like it did yesterday.

Any nagging fears that the experience would be diminished by not being first were quickly dispelled. It was still a most excellent adventure. Her pussy felt just like it did when I entered it for the first time. The only difference is that this time I had some idea of what to expect. That in no way diminished the experience. It's still the most wonderful feeling in the world.

While I was fucking her I noticed that her nipples were beginning to turn purple. I didn't stop what I was doing. But as I fucked her I carefully removed the clothespins. Each time I removed one she moaned and her pussy clamped down on my cock. It's an interesting phenomenon. But I wasn't sure that I'd repeat it. I don't want to bruise or damage her.

Once the clothespins were all removed I clamped down on her tits with my hands and held on while I fucked her violently, just the way she likes it. I came for the third time just before Kyle climaxed again.

Kyle and I had each enjoyed three orgasms. Cass must have experienced fifty in that time! After Kyle came for the third time he collapsed onto the carpet and stared at the beautiful woman on the table. Cass was still panting and moaning.

I reluctantly pulled my cock out of her hot, clasping pussy. I went around the table and untied her hands. I slid the scarf up and off and she smiled up at me. She finally caught her breath and sat up.

I helped her to her feet. I had to. She was still a little unsteady. But she threw her arms around me and hugged me affectionately for a couple of minutes. Then she bent down and sucked my cock clean while she held her hand over her pussy to contain the mess that was beginning to ooze out of her.

She straightened up, kissed and then bit down lightly on one of my nipples and said, "Come on, guys. Let's go take a quick shower and freshen up."

She led the way to her bedroom and into the master bath. She has a huge walk-in shower, easily large enough for the three of us. While the water was warming up she sat on the toilet in front of us and let our cum drain out of her.

She seemed totally unselfconscious. She even urinated as if she were all alone in the room.

I think that Kyle and I were both a little embarrassed. But I was curious. I've never seen a girl pee before. I moved closer to watch. When she saw that I was interested she smiled and spread her legs to give me a better view.

After watching I was even more convinced that boys have a better system. But I was very amused and very impressed by how unselfconscious she was about performing such a personal task in front of two boys. I don't know if I could have used the toilet with her or any other girl watching.

We took a nice hot shower. Kyle and I worked together to soap up Cass's beautiful body and cover her in a thick white lather. I even cleaned inside of her, working a little of her body wash into her still very sensitive pussy.

We dried off and went down to the kitchen. Cass poured three glasses of iced tea and we went outside to sit by her pool under the shade of an umbrella. She explained that she had to sit in the shade or she turned into one big freckle.

It seemed like we were instantly comfortable with each other and able to talk about anything. I suppose that was to be expected after what the three of us just did together.

I finally explained to Kyle how this all came about. I didn't go into a lot of detail about what I've managed to figure out about Cass's fantasy life. I thought it would be better if we didn't have that conversation in front of her. I made our relationship sound much more forced, much more like she's being blackmailed into behaving this way than is actually true. I didn't want to totally destroy the illusion.

He wasn't fooled, though. He had seen how she behaved. It was obvious how much she enjoyed the things we did with her this morning. And I think that the affection that Cass and I quickly developed for each other must have been apparent as well.

The only subject that seemed to really embarrass her was when we talked about her husband and her marriage. I guess I can understand that. I imagine that no matter how much she enjoys what we're doing, she's a married woman and her conscience probably still nags at her.

After we finished our drinks and were rested we went back inside. I made Cass pose for more pictures. Then Kyle posed with her in some very sexy and very incriminating poses. The posing ended up with Cass bent over an overstuffed chair and Kyle fucking her from behind.

As soon as he recovered I showed him how to use my camera and I took his place with Cass. He took another thirty or forty pictures while I molested my beautiful neighbor. She enjoyed it just as much as we did.

It was finally time for Kyle to leave. He had to go home and get ready for his evening job. I ordered Cass to give him a goodbye blowjob and asked him what time he wanted to come over tomorrow.

He was anxious to come back. But he suggested a slightly later start time. He's already exhausted and he still has a six hour shift at the store in front of him.

Kyle left and Cass and I took another shower. After drying off we got comfortable on her bed. I teased her body with my fingertips while we talked for a while. I couldn't seem to keep my hands off of her. She accused me of being an adult posing as a teenager.

Of course I didn't know what the hell she was talking about.

She kissed me and said, "I don't think that I've ever met a more intuitive man than you. My poor husband doesn't have a clue about my fantasies or how to please me. I suppose it doesn't matter since he doesn't have the inclination either.

"Ricky is very good at pleasing me. But that's just incidental as far as he is concerned. He couldn't care less if he satisfies me. He just wants to use me for his own pleasure. Of course, that suits me. It fits into my fantasies. But he doesn't have a clue about what turns me on, either.

"But you! In one afternoon you figured me out. I think you're the first guy I ever met who isn't clueless when it comes to women. And you're only fifteen!"

I was flattered, very flattered. But I hoped that discussing her fantasy didn't ruin it. We seemed to be getting very close. Not like lovers, or at least not like two people in love. I like her. I like her a lot. We have quickly developed an amazing relationship. But it isn't about love with us.

We were quiet for a while. It was a very comfortable quiet. I continued to move my fingertips lightly over her fantastic body. But without the sense of urgency that guided my movements before this.

She watched me explore her body with a touching look of genuine affection on her face. It was just nice to be together.

After several minutes she asked, "How is it that a handsome, personable boy like you doesn't have a girlfriend?"

I blushed. Now it was my turn to be uncomfortable. But then I thought that this might be an opportunity to get some good advice. Who better to advise me about girls than a sexy woman?

I circled her hard nipple with my finger. My finger was slick with her juices. I had just been exploring her pussy with it. We were both enjoying it.

I nervously asked, "Can I ask your advice? If it makes you uncomfortable just say so."

She chuckled and answered, "I'd be happy to give you any advice that I can. Why? Are you afraid I'll be jealous? You aren't jealous of my husband or my lover are you?"

I saw her point and smiled. Then I admitted, "I have a crush on a girl. I think that she's as beautiful as you are and I'm almost positive that she wants to go out with me. She even gave Kyle her number last night and asked him to give it to me.

"The problem is that for some reason I'm terrified of her. Every time I'm near her I open my mouth and something stupid comes out. I don't know what to say or how to say it. But I'm only that way around her. With any other girl I'm fine. How do I get over that?!"

She laughed. But it wasn't a derisive laugh. She obviously thought my situation was amusing, though. She leaned over and kissed me and exclaimed, "Men! How can you read me so well and be so clueless about this girl? I think the first problem is that you're forgetting that she's a person. She's just a person, Dean.

"What you guys don't seem to realize is that most girls are even more insecure than you guys are. Or at least we're just as insecure. And we're at a disadvantage. Even today there's still a stigma attached to a girl who asks a guy to go out with her. That's just one of the many unfair rules that apply to girls but not guys.

"You have to stop thinking of her as some different kind of creature because she's a female. Think of her as a person with her own insecurities. And Christ! You aren't asking her to marry you. Not yet anyway.

"You're just going to ask her to go out with you. It's just an opportunity to get to know each other. Not a lifelong commitment. Call her up and in the back of your mind keep reminding yourself that she's just as nervous as you are.

"And don't forget, she already made the first move. She wants you to call. She thinks you're cute and she likes you or she wouldn't have put herself in such a vulnerable position. Just be nice to her the way you're nice to me and I know she'll fall for you."

I chuckled at the idea of being nice to Kala the way I've been nice to Cass and admitted, "She's very beautiful. I can't deny that I'd enjoy doing this to her."

Cass lifted my chin. I had been watching my finger tease her nipple. She looked into my eyes and said, "That's a mistake a lot of guys make. Don't do things to her. Do things with her. You're a smart guy. You know the difference. Doing things "to" me is fine because we both know that's what turns me on. But most girls, and unfortunately a large number of women, are uncomfortable with their own sexuality because of all of the constraints that society puts on them.

"Girls are just as much individuals as boys are. We're all different. But in general you can count on the fact that your young lady friend is getting just as hammered by hormones as you are. If she likes you, and I think we've already established that she does, then she'll want you. She probably already has fantasies about being with you.

"I shouldn't be telling you this shit. It's like I've gone over to the other side. I'm aiding and abetting the enemy. But I think you're an honorable young man. I think you'll do what's right."

I laughed and said, "You think the guy that's blackmailing you is an honorable young man?!"

She kissed me again and admitted, "I realized long before I left your house yesterday evening that you never intended to blackmail me and you had no intention of telling anyone what you saw me do."

I may not be falling in love. But I'm becoming very fond of this woman. I took her in my arms and we kissed for a long time before I moved over her and she guided my hard cock back to her very aroused pussy.

This time, for the first time, it was more like making love. I rested my weight on my elbows and we stared into each other's eyes while I slowly worked my cock in and out of her exciting body. We even talked quietly from time to time as we fucked.

I've already enjoyed three orgasms today, or is it four? I'm losing track. The urgency is gone, at least for now. I was able to keep it up for more than half an hour. I might have lasted longer but Cass started getting into it and turned the heat on. She began to tease and squeeze her own nipples and her body started moving under me. She started panting and under her breath she began to chant, "Yes. Oh yes. Fuck me, Dean. Oh god! You are amazing! That feels so good. I'm going to cum, baby. Do you feel that? Do you feel my pussy clamping down on your beautiful cock? I'm not doing that. I can't control that. My pussy wants more of your hot cum."

Her arms went around me and she pulled me down on top of her. I couldn't maintain that slow stroke any longer. I went nuts and began to fuck her violently, the way she likes it.

She started screaming and she bit down on my shoulder and lost it. That did it for me, too. I slammed into her a few more times and came violently with my pubic bone grinding against hers.

She held onto me for a very long time. She showered me with kisses, my neck, my shoulder, my face, and at the same time she whispered to me, telling me how happy I make her.

I couldn't possibly be making her half as happy as she's making me.

She finally let me go. I rolled off of her and we lay side by side for a few minutes, holding hands and enjoying a comfortable silence.

She glanced at the clock beside her bed after a while and said, "My husband will be calling soon. You need to go home and call that girl."

She turned onto her side. She gently rubbed her hand over my cock and balls and said, "You're such a sweet young man. Thank you."

We kissed again and I said, "You're kidding, right? Thank you? Really? Christ, Cass! I owe you so much!"

She laughed and said, "Okay. Maybe we're even. Now get out of here. I probably shouldn't have your cum running down my thighs while I'm talking to my husband."

I sat up and looked around for my clothes. It took me a moment to remember that they were downstairs. The blood was just starting to return to my brain. I turned to look at her. She was watching me and smiling affectionately. I said, "You know I'm not going to stop seeing you when your husband comes home."

"I'd be heartbroken if you did. But what about your girlfriend? She probably won't take kindly to having you spend your summer vacation in bed with your next door neighbor."

I laughed and said, "If she really does go out with me I'm sure, based on all of my past experiences, that I'll be coming home from our dates in desperate need of your company. By company I mean pussy of course."

She slapped my back and said, "Now that sounds like something a typical male would say! Get out of my house!"

I turned around and kissed her one more time before I got up and went downstairs. I could hear the water running in her shower while I got dressed. I realized that I was in love with her. I'm not 'in love' like with a girlfriend. But I do love her.

I also realized that she was wrong about something else that she said earlier. I'm not jealous of her husband. But for some reason it bothers me that she's letting Ricky use her the way he does. I suppose it's no worse than the way I'm using her. But in my mind it's different because I care about her. I wouldn't say anything to her, though. She enjoys being with him and it isn't really any of my business.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 4
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:32 am

I went home and took another quick shower. I began uploading the pictures we took today onto my computer. The piece of paper with Kala's phone number on it was right in front of me on my desk.

I picked up the phone but before I dialed I tried to remember everything that Cass told me earlier. I reminded myself that Kala is just a person and that she's probably nervous, too. I picked up the phone and dialed the number she gave to Kyle.

Her phone started ringing and my nervousness seemed to increase with every ring. Despite everything Cass told me I was scared shitless. I started to hope that no one would answer. But on the third ring the phone was answered by Kala's little sister. I identified myself and asked if Kala was home, hoping that she was out and I wouldn't end up talking to her and saying something stupid. Despite the advice I received from Cass I was certain that it was inevitable; at some point in the conversation I'll end up with my foot in my mouth.

My fear increased when her sister informed me that Kala was home and she was available. In thirty seconds I heard her beautiful voice and that wonderful Australian accent. She sounded excited that I was on the phone and suddenly it was like the things that Cass said made sense and I started to calm down. I said hello and my voice even sounded calm!

We ended up talking for more than an hour. We talked until I heard her mother call her to help with dinner. I was enjoying talking to her so much that I hated to end the conversation. I was thrilled when she asked me if she could call me back later, after they had their dinner! It was hard to imagine that she was enjoying our conversation as much as I was!

I almost yelled yes, but I caught myself in time and told her that I would like it very much if she called me back after dinner. I sounded a lot calmer than I felt.

We hung up. I was so excited that I felt like jumping around and yelling for joy. It killed me that I couldn't call Kyle and tell him about the phone call. Unfortunately, Kyle can't receive phone calls at work.

I almost called Cass. But she was probably on the phone with her husband, or she soon would be. So I sat at my desk trying not to watch the seconds ticking away in slow motion.

I went through the pictures we took today. They were pretty amazing. But I was so sated that I didn't even masturbate as I looked at them.

I decided to go down to the kitchen and get a snack. There were a couple of messages on the answering machine. I didn't even notice them when I came in. My mother called to say that she would be home earlier than usual tonight. She said she would be home by six so we could eat dinner together.

There was a message from a friend of dad's about a golf tournament. I wrote down the details and then I called my mom to ask her what she wanted for dinner. We decided to go out for dinner. I cook for us sometimes. But if we want something decent to eat she has to cook it and she was exhausted from doing her job and dad's too.

I was hanging up the phone when the doorbell rang. I went to the door and got another surprise. My GTX was being lowered off the back of a flatbed truck. It was ready two days early!

The guy who owned the upholstery shop went around the car and showed me everything he and his crew did to it. I was impressed. The car was immaculate. The top looked just like the original. The only difference was that he replaced the plastic window in the back with glass. He put the top down and we examined the refurbished interior.

Before we took it in to get it reupholstered I tried to talk my dad into getting the upholstery customized, or at least updated. I thought the stock seats looked cheap.

Dad insisted that the car be returned to as close to showroom original as possible. Now that I could see the finished product I had to agree that it was better this way. A custom interior would have looked out of place and ruined the overall effect.

The guy had recovered the dash, replaced the carpet, reupholstered the seats, the insides of the door panels and replaced the convertible top. He also replaced the cheap vinyl like material in the trunk with something that looked just like the padding that came in car when it was new. The paint had already been restored to original and the engine and transmission are original with new rubber and gaskets.

After he finished showing me what he did and getting my approval he said, "Son, if you ever want to sell this car, call me. I'll pay you whatever you want for it."

I smiled and said, "I'm sorry, Mr. Vernon. My dad has owned this car for twenty years. I plan on giving it to my son when the time comes."

"Smart. You're a lucky kid. Take care of that car. It's worth its weight in gold."

I asked him to help me push it into the garage. He smiled and said, "Oh yeah! I forgot. One of my guys replaced the starter. Your dad ordered it before he left and asked me to have someone install it before I brought the car back."

I shook his hand and thanked him. Dad talked to him before he left for China and told him that he would pay him when he got home. Mr. Vernon wasn't worried about his money. He left in the truck and I stood in the driveway staring at my car and counting the minutes until my birthday.

I finally started the car and heard it running for the first time. I almost got a hard on when that big engine roared to life. I reluctantly drove the car into the garage and went inside. I went up to my room and sat on the side of my bed, staring out the window at Cass's house.

I'm smart enough to know that I have a very good life. But suddenly it struck me that my life is way beyond good. I'm living a dream! There's a beautiful woman next door that loves sex ... with me! The girl I have a crush on apparently has a crush on me. I have my dream car and I'll be getting my license in two days. Can it get any better than this?!

Kala called about half an hour later. I told her that my car was just delivered. There was no hiding the excitement in my voice. She laughed and said, "I hear how thrilled you are. I don't know if I can compete with that car."

It probably wasn't cool. But I heard myself admitting, "I'm just as excited about talking to you. I'm sorry I didn't call before. I wanted to. I hope this doesn't sound too creepy. But I've never been this nervous about talking to a girl before. I've had a crush on you for a year now. Does that sound too needy?"

She laughed and replied, "It might, if I didn't already know it. I saw the way you looked at me. I knew you liked me. I wanted to scream at you. I wanted to do something to make you talk to me."

I chuckled and reminded her of the few times I tried. I had gotten so tongue tied that I made a terrible fool of myself.

She laughed again and said, "Yeah. You were so cute! I wanted to put my arms around you and tell you to calm down."

"Oh yeah! That would have calmed me down!"

I smiled at the tease in her voice when she said, "You sound pretty calm now. What happened? Don't you like me anymore?"

"I calmed down a little after spending an hour talking to you and finding out how nice you are. But I also got some advice from the woman next door about how to talk to girls you have a crush on. I'm going to get in trouble for telling you that. I'm not supposed to tell anyone that she's been giving away the secrets you girls are supposed to keep from us guys."

"Hmmm. I'm going to have to look into this. I'll need to find out what secrets she's giving away before I report her to the sisterhood."

We talked for more than an hour again. It was light and friendly. I felt so comfortable talking to her that I couldn't believe how nervous I've been for so long. Before we hung up I invited her to go out with me on Friday after I get my license.

"You sound pretty confident."

"You wouldn't believe the intensive training I've been put through. My dad taught me how to drive. Then he made me take a driving course from a professional. He took me and Kyle down the street and asked the motorcycle cop that lives three houses down to talk to us and give us some tips. Then he asked a friend who drives a truck to let me drive a big stake truck around his company's parking lot on a couple of Sundays and practice parallel parking with it. After driving that truck, driving a car is a snap."

I told her that I'd call her as soon as I passed the test. The time would depend on how crowded the DMV is.

"Does that mean you don't want to talk to me tomorrow?"

I laughed and responded, "I didn't want to sound too much like a stalker. I'd love to talk to you tomorrow. In fact, how would you like to come over and hang around the pool for a while? Or would your parents have a problem with that? No one else will be home. My mom works and as I said, my dad is out of the country."

I noticed a funny note to her voice when she asked, "What time?"

I suddenly knew what the note was. I heard it in my voice when I replied, "What time would you like?"

It wasn't until we hung up after agreeing that she would come over at ten tomorrow that I remembered Cass.

I started to call Cass and explain. But I still had half an hour before my mother came home so I went next door and rang the bell this time. Cass smiled when she saw me. She stepped back and let me in. She had already spoken with her husband and was just sitting around thinking about what to make for supper. I invited her to come to dinner with my mother and me. She seemed reluctant to intrude so I made it an order.

She suggested that I check with my mother first but I know my mom pretty well. And I know that she and dad both like Cass. I knew that Mom wouldn't mind.

We went up to her bedroom and while I watched her change clothes to go out I told her about my conversation with Kala. She seemed genuinely happy for me. But I then had to explain that without thinking I had invited her over to go swimming with me. I asked her if she wanted me to call Kyle and tell him not to come over tomorrow.

She was still thinking about her answer when I had what I hoped was a sudden stroke of genius. It was that or the dumbest thing I ever said. "I have an idea. How about if you and Kyle join us tomorrow?"

She came over and stood in front of where I was sitting on her bed. All she had on was a skirt. She put her arms around me and pulled my face into her boobs. She kissed the top of my head and exclaimed, "That is an incredibly stupid idea!"

I laughed and said, "Yeah. It just might be. Consider it an order."

She caressed my cheek and said, "No. Really, Dean. You two should be alone so you can talk and get better acquainted. And I'm the last person you want around when you're with her.

"Girls have a sixth sense about those things, probably because guys can't keep a secret worth a damn. She'll probably know in a heartbeat that we've ... I was just about to say been intimate. She'll know that we fucked. You don't want that. I saw your face when you talked about this girl. You don't want me to ruin it for you."

I knew she was right. Or she would have been right if Kala was just an average girl. But I sensed something different in Kala. I suspect that Kala isn't like most girls. She may be right. This might be an incredibly dumb idea. But I have to take what Cass said earlier into consideration. According to her I'm very intuitive. I just have a feeling this is a good idea. And I don't want either of them excluded from my life by my feelings for the other. I don't think that just selfishness, either. I like both of them. I don't want to have to choose between them and I don't see why they can't be friends.

I took Cass's breasts in my hands and moved my lips back and forth between her nipples. I was relieved to see that the clothespins left no marks or bruises on them. I teased her nipples for a few minutes and decided that I was pretty sure I was right. I smiled up at her and said, "That's an order, too. I'll call Kyle and tell him to bring his trunks. I want you in your sexiest bikini."

She shook her head and said, "You're making a mistake. But I've never been able to say no to any man while he was biting my nipples."

I kissed her tits and then let her go so that she could finish dressing. She went about putting her clothes on. As she dressed she continued to try to talk me out of taking a chance on ruining my budding relationship with Kala tomorrow by inviting her and Kyle to be there, especially her.

I let her talk. But I wasn't really listening. I'm not sure how I knew that it would be okay. But somehow I knew that Kala was different. Cass might be right. I might be making a mistake. But I really don't think so. I got the sense while talking to Kala on the phone that she has a well developed sense of adventure and a very open mind.

I finally stood up and put my arms around her. She's a foot shorter than me. I smiled down at her cute face and said, "Shut up, bitch. Put your shoes on and let's go."

She threw her hands in the air and exclaimed, "Men! You just can't reason with them!"

While she was putting her shoes on I asked, "You're tired of being alone all the time aren't you?"

"Yes. And I'm glad for the strange relationship we have. I like you. I like you a lot. That's why I want you to be happy. I seem to recall a conversation earlier today in which you confessed to not knowing very much about the opposite sex. You should be listening to me."

"You're probably right. But you've never met Kala. She isn't like most girls. In many ways I think she's a lot like you ... except different. I can't explain. But I'm not planning a day of kinky sex tomorrow. I'm just inviting you and my best friend over to meet the girl I have a crush on and get to know her. So relax. And anyway, you don't have a choice. I already made it an order."

She came back over to where I was standing. With her shoes on she was a little closer to my height. She went up on her toes, kissed me and said, "You, my very good friend, aren't fooling anyone. You're afraid to be alone with her. I hope you're right about her. I hope you aren't fucking up, baby."

I was afraid that she might be right. But I bit my tongue. I held my arm out. She took it and we went downstairs and over to my house to wait for my mother to get home.

We sat in the kitchen and talked. I told her a little more about my phone conversation with Kala. I couldn't point to any one thing that made me think there was something special about Kala. It was just a feeling I got from talking to her. That didn't help me make my case.

Cass smiled and asked, "Are you sure you aren't just afraid to be alone with her?"

I couldn't avoid the question this time. She was looking me right in the eyes and waiting for a response.

I laughed and answered honestly, "No. I'm not sure. You may be right, but I don't think so. I fully expect to be nervous. But I don't think that's why I'm inviting my two best friends to come over, meet her and enjoy the day with us."

I heard a horn blowing out front. We went out and got in the car. Cass apologized for barging in. She explained in total honesty that I hadn't given her any choice.

Mom laughed and said, "Nonsense! I'm glad you're coming. I at least have my pet juvenile delinquent to keep me company when my husband is out of town. I feel bad about you being all alone over there when your husband travels. The trouble is, with my hours I'm not home to invite you to join us more often. But I hope he isn't bothering you. If he is let me know and I'll lock him in his room."

Cass laughed and said, "Oh no. We've become good friends in the last few days. I enjoy his company. I do miss having someone to talk to when Don travels. Your pet juvenile delinquent can be very entertaining. He's quite a charmer."

Mom looked askance at Cass and asked, "You are talking about Dean, right? My Dean?"

Cass laughed and said, "Your Dean is quite the young gentleman. If I wasn't happily married I could go for him!"

Mom shook her head and said, "You poor girl! You're obviously spending far too much time alone. I'm going to have to get you out of your house more often."

I finally said, "Okay. That's enough of that conversation. Mom, I didn't want to bring this up in front of Cass. I don't want to make her jealous. But I invited Kala over tomorrow to use the pool. And after I get my license on Friday I'm taking her for a ride in my new old car."

Mom looked at me in the rearview mirror and asked, "I wonder if Kala's parents know that their daughter is going to be alone with you in our backyard?"

Cass said, "They won't be alone. Kyle and I are both going to be there to chaperone, if you don't mind."

Mom laughed and said, "I trust Dean. But I'm not so old that I don't remember what it was like to be that age. There are some areas where teenagers, and males in general, are not to be trusted. I'm glad you'll be there. Don't be afraid to call 911 if you need to."

The rest of the evening went pretty much like that. I was the butt of a lot of good natured teasing throughout the meal. I didn't mind. I was more concerned that my mother would notice that for most of the evening Cass's hand was on my thigh or in my lap while she talked to us as if she wasn't playing with my hard cock under the table.

But she and mom had a great time and became much closer friends by the end of the evening. They have a lot in common.

Cass came in for a nightcap when we got home. I pretty much kept my mouth shut and listened. The only time I got drawn into the conversation was when mom asked me about Kala and how I finally got up the nerve to call her.

She knew I had a crush on Kala. Kyle has teased me about her often enough in front of my parents. I told mom how it came about and how much time we spent on the phone today.

She saw the excitement in my face. She heard it in my voice. She smiled and said, "Sometimes I wish I could be sixteen again. I miss that excitement."

Cass just nodded wisely.

It was late and mom had to get up early for another long day at the office. She went to bed while I walked Cass to her door. It wasn't necessary. As far as I know there has never been a crime of any kind on our street. But I didn't mind and it made me look good in mom's eyes.

We went to her side door. She unlocked it and pulled me in after her. We kissed passionately and in between kisses I told her that I was going to pay her back for what she did in the restaurant.

She smiled and asked, "How are you going to do that?"

I grinned an evil grin and dropped to my knees. I lifted her skirt and pulled her panties down. I ate her pussy until she was right on the verge of an orgasm. Then I stopped.

She screamed at me. She begged me not to leave her like that. I was going to. But I just couldn't make myself do it to her. I put my mouth back over her juicy pussy and ate her to a couple of nice orgasms.

She pushed my head away and pulled me to my feet. She licked my face clean and said, "Your turn."

God knows I could have cum pretty quickly. But I smiled and shook my head. I said, "No. Not this time. Just remember, you owe me one."

She kissed me and said, "There will never be a time that you can't get a blowjob from me, Dean. And it will never be because I owe it to you."

We kissed again and I said, "I think you are the most wonderful woman that I've ever met. I hope that when I get married my wife is at least half the woman you are. I do love you, Cass. Not like a girlfriend. But I love you."

"I know, sweetheart. I love you, too. That's why I'm so worried about tomorrow."

"Don't worry. It'll be okay. Goodnight."

I went to my room. I got ready for bed. I was dying to tell Kyle about Kala and about my plans for tomorrow but it was still too early to call him. That poor guy must be exhausted. All I did today is fuck and I'm worn out! I couldn't wait up so I called and left a message for him telling him to bring his trunks when he comes tomorrow."

I went to bed and fell asleep before I remembered that I hadn't brushed my teeth.

I got up in the morning and made coffee. I had a cup with mom. She seemed more relaxed today. I think getting out and relaxing with Cass had been good for her. Before she left for work she kissed me and said, "Dean, you behave yourself today."

I laughed and asked, "Who is it you don't trust, me, Kala or Cass?"

"I trust you. But I was a teenager once."

She looked at me strangely for a moment and then she said, "But I don't remember being anywhere near as mature as you are. Never mind. Forget I said anything. I'm supposed to worry. I'm a mother. It's my job."

She kissed me again and went to work. I went up and took a shower. I put my trunks on and made my bed. I still had more than an hour to kill so I put a shirt on and took my camera down to the garage. I backed the GTX out into the morning sun. I put the top back down and put the tonneau cover in place. I took pictures from every possible angle, inside and out. Then I put the top up and pulled it back into the garage.

That killed most of an hour. I went into the kitchen and had a glass of water. Now that it was almost time for Kala to show up I was getting nervous again. I expected all three of my guests to arrive at about the same time. But now that the time was almost here I found myself wishing that I'd asked Kyle and Cass to arrive early.

Even after the hours I spent on the phone with Kala yesterday I was getting nervous. As the time neared and it looked like I was going to be alone with her I felt that helpless feeling building again; that fear of looking stupid. It had returned with a vengeance.

I relaxed a little when I heard Kyle's truck drive up. He didn't come to the door, though. After a few minutes I went to see what was keeping him. I opened the front door just in time to see Kala's mother drive up to the curb to drop her off. I didn't see Kyle's truck in the driveway and I was confused because I know I heard it drive up.

I stepped outside to greet Kala and meet her mom. But her mom was in a hurry and after saying a polite but hurried hello she took off. I smiled nervously at Kala and invited her inside.

She returned my smile and I had to stop for a few seconds to look at her. She's really beautiful. She's every bit as beautiful as Cass. And that's quite a compliment.

She has long blonde hair and a firm, athletic body. She's active in a lot of sports and she runs every day. Her breasts aren't very large. But as I said earlier, that's my personal preference. I've listened to guys go crazy over big boobs since we were old enough to notice them. Not me. I prefer smaller, petite breasts, like Cass's.

The thing that really grabs your attention about Kala, though, is her face. It's especially true when she smiles, but she has the most angelic face. Her sweet, if somewhat mischievous personality shows on her face. She likes people. She cares about them. You can see that when you look into her beautiful eyes.

As I escorted her inside I said, "I thought you might feel more comfortable if we weren't alone so I invited a couple of friends over. They aren't here yet. I thought I heard Kyle's truck a few minutes ago. I don't know where he went to."

When I told her we wouldn't be alone I thought I saw a tiny flash of disappointment on her face. But I wasn't sure and she smiled to cover it. She simply said, "If I didn't trust you I wouldn't be here."

I felt really stupid then. I sighed and said, "This is what I was afraid of all this time."

She looked at me curiously.

It had come up in our phone conversation last night. I reminded her, "I've been afraid to talk to you all this time because I knew that I would say or do something stupid. It happens whenever I'm near you. I don't seem to be able to control it."

Before she could say anything the phone rang. I answered it, happy for the diversion. It was Kyle. He said, "Hey, Dean! I'm next door with Cass. We talked it over and decided that we'll join you for lunch. You two get to know each other. Don't screw it up too bad."

I guess Cass must have hit him. He cried out, "Hey! I meant that in a good way."

I hung up the phone and said, "That was Kyle. They won't be here until lunch time."

Kala smiled and said, "I know. I heard him."

I blushed and then I was embarrassed because I was embarrassed. I was screwing it up already and she just got here!

She put her bag down and turned to stand in front of me. She smiled so sweetly that I could almost feel the warmth of her smile on my skin. She said, "I thought we were past this."

I sighed and said, "I thought so, too. But then I saw you. I want so badly to be cool and impress you. You're so beautiful it takes my breath away. And you're the nicest girl that I've ever met. It's infuriating because I don't get like this with anyone else. It's only you that turns me into a bumbling fool. After we talked yesterday and we got along so well I thought that was behind me. And then I saw you this morning and..."

She moved a little closer and asked, "Do you think this would help?"

She put her arms around my neck, went up on her toes and kissed me. It wasn't a peck on the cheek, either! She held me tight and pressed her soft lips against mine.

I was shocked, but pleasantly shocked. I put my arms around her and began to return her kiss. It was a very emotional moment for me.

I'M KISSING KALA!

I think I could have spent the morning standing there with my arms around this beautiful girl. But eventually the kiss turned into a hug and as I held her close I said, "Yes. I think that helped."

She chuckled, slowly disentangled herself and stepped back. We smiled at each other and I said, "You certainly know just the right thing to say."

I offered her a drink but she shook her head and said, "Later. Let's go check out this fancy pool of yours."

I led her out to the patio. We have a large, kidney shaped pool in the backyard. Between the pool, the patio around it, the deck and the landscaping, I hardly have any grass to mow.

Kala looked around and said, "Very nice. If my backyard looked like this I'd never leave home!"

We went over to the table under the awning and I watched her take off her top and her shorts. I tried not to stare. But damn! That was one tiny bikini!

She smiled when she saw the obvious approval on my face and turned around slowly to model what little there was of her suit for me.

I asked, "Does your mother know you're wearing that?"

She smiled and said, "This is the most modest suit I own!"

"Would you mind if I took a few pictures before you leave today? You look fantastic!"

She smiled proudly and said, "Go get your camera. But if I see them on the internet you're going to be in trouble."

I promised that would never happen and went to the kitchen to get my camera.

She posed for a dozen pictures and I was taken by how unselfconscious she was. The poses ranged from modest to moderately risqué. In each picture she seemed perfectly at ease, perfectly natural.

I put the camera down and thanked her. I told her she should consider modeling. The camera loves her.

She pouted and replied, "I thought it was the cameraman that loved me!"

We sat down and talked and she very quickly put me at ease again. I have to say, though, that the kiss helped.

I listened to her life's story to date, fascinated by her voice, her accent, and the way she told her tale. She's been to so many places. Her life has been one hell of an adventure. I learned that she's not originally from Australia. She was born in Scotland. Her family has lived in England, India, Hong Kong and then in Australia. But they tired of traveling and living like gypsies. They moved here and they're here to stay. Her father took a job here that won't require him to move again. The pay is less than they're used to. But they're happy here.

And I'm happy that they're happy here.

After she told her life story I said, "You're looking at my life story. This is the only house I've ever lived in."

Then, at the same time we said, "You're so lucky."

We laughed at that. I told her that I envied her. I've never been anywhere but this town except for a few rare vacations in surrounding states. My parents have poured their lives into their company. It's just starting to pay them back and they have promised that within the next year they were going to start cutting back on their hours and taking vacations. It sounds nice. But I'll believe it when I see it.

She envied me. I have roots. I know most of the kids in town and I know who they're related to. I can have family get-togethers on holidays. Her family is scattered all over the globe.

We went into the pool a couple of times. I tried to be cool but it was very hard for me to keep from staring at her sexy body in that revealing suit she's wearing.

She didn't seem to be offended, though. Whenever she caught me looking down she just smiled. I guess it would be silly to wear something like that and then be bothered that it caught a guy's eye.

The first time we went in the pool we just stood together and talked, still getting to know each other. The second time we swam around a little and then leaned against the side in water up to her neck. I stood in front of her, pressing my upper body against hers while we talked. I had to keep my lower body away from hers so that she wouldn't discover the erection I was trying to hide.

Or at least that was my intention. She apparently had her own agenda. After several minutes she raised her legs and wrapped them around my waist. I was taken off guard when she pulled me against her. She held me between her strong legs and she became aware of my hard cock when it pressed against her.

Her reaction wasn't what I feared it would be. She smiled and said, "I was starting to think you didn't like me."

I blushed. But this time it was me that kissed her. I leaned forward and touched my lips to hers. She moaned, wrapped her arms around my neck and we kissed like I have only kissed one other girl, Cass.

I knew it was too soon. But as if they had a mind of their own my hands began to caress her sexy body. Her only reaction was to moan in pleasure and kiss me harder!

I took a gamble and slowly unhooked the clasp of her bikini bra. I gave her ample time to object and put a stop to it. Instead, she took her arms from around my neck just long enough to slide the bra down and off.

I took the opportunity to look down at the most perfect tits in the world. I groaned and exclaimed in awe, "Oh my god! They're perfect! You're so fucking beautiful!"

She asked, "They aren't too small?"

She seemed genuinely concerned.

I groaned again and lifted her slightly so that they were out of the water. I began to make love to her breasts the way that Cass taught me. She apparently appreciated my earlier training sessions with my beautiful neighbor. She even had an orgasm when I bit down lightly on her nipples! That both pleased and surprised me. I assumed that only my kinky neighbor Cass would react that way!

I reluctantly lowered her back down onto her feet in the water and we kissed for a very long, but very pleasant time. Then I held her in my arms and hugged her while we forced ourselves to calm down.

I quietly said, "I had a long talk with myself before you arrived. I told myself that I was going to be a perfect gentleman today. I don't want to scare you off. But god! You are so sexy! I want you so much. I have wanted you for so long. We need to go get you a rolled up newspaper so you can swat my nose and make me behave."

She laughed and nipped at my neck. Then she said, "I like the way you're behaving just fine. I didn't come here today looking for a perfect gentleman. And I didn't wear this little bikini so that you would think I was a perfect lady."

I carried her out of the pool and over to the table. I sat down with her in my lap and got a really good, long view of her breasts for the first time. They're the sexiest breasts that I've ever seen and she couldn't ignore the reverence in my voice when I told her so.

Her nipples are slightly different than Cass's. They're longer and thinner. They were so hard at the moment that they stood out nearly half an inch from her small, pink areolae.

She asked again, "You weren't just saying that were you? You really like them?"

I kissed her nipple and admitted, "I haven't seen very many, not in real life anyway. But guys have preferences. In my honest opinion you have the sexiest breasts in the state."

I held her in my arms for a while. My fingers lightly caressed her breasts. She sighed and softly said, "I love the way you touch me."

Before I could stop myself it slipped out.

"I had a good teacher."

She laughed lightly and said, "You'll have to introduce us. I'd like to thank her. What else did she teach you?"

I couldn't believe that she was actually saying what it sounded very much like she was saying to me!

You might think that she was making things incredibly easy for me. She as much as said that I don't have to worry about going too far or too fast. I don't have to worry about being rebuffed or about offending her.

But I didn't want to give her the wrong idea. I don't just want to have sex with her. I don't want this to be a fuck. I want to make love to her. I want us to have a relationship.

As if she could read my mind she smiled and exclaimed in exasperation, "You damned colonists! You're so parochial!"

She rested her head on my shoulder and said, "Dean, I'm not easy. I'm not a virgin. If you're looking for one I'm not your girl. But I'm not easy. You said that you've had a crush on me for nearly a year. That makes me furious. Because I've been doing everything a girl could do to get your attention. All this time I figured that I didn't appeal to you. You didn't like my accent or my boobs were too small or ... something! I don't know!

"I've dreamed about you. I dream about you all time. Your name is scribbled all through my notebook and every textbook I turned in at the end of the year.

"My friends have been teasing me because I've turned down a dozen guys hoping you'd call me. I finally gave Kyle my number and asked him to get you to call me because your old girlfriend told me how shy you are. I was afraid you'd think I was too forward but I didn't know what else to do."

I held her a little tighter and said, "I'm sorry. You're just so ... so damned perfect! I couldn't believe you'd have anything to do with an ordinary guy like me. I knew you'd be nice if I asked you out. You're nice to everyone. That's one of the many things I like about you. But I didn't think you could possibly think about me that way."

She kissed me on the neck again and said, "You're cute. But you're an idiot!"

I looked at my watch on the table and was shocked to see that it was after one! Cass and Kyle were supposed to come over for lunch! I was just about to call them and tell them not to bother when Kala leaned over and picked up my camera. She said, "I've been reading about these. They sound fantastic. Can I see the pictures you took of me?"

I turned the camera on and showed her how to review the pictures. Then I gently lifted her and put her out of my lap and said, "It looks like our company isn't coming. Let me call Kyle and make sure and then I'll make lunch. If you haven't come to your senses by then I'll show you what else I've learned that you might enjoy."

She grinned and turned her attention to the small LCD screen on the back of my camera while I went inside to use the phone.

I was going to call Kyle on his cell phone. But instead I called Cass. She answered a little breathlessly and from the sounds I heard in the background I could tell that they weren't just sitting around waiting to join us.

I laughed and asked, "Are you trying to make me jealous?"

She laughed, too. Then she said, "From what we saw when we came over a little while ago, you have no reason to be jealous."

I laughed and said, "Oops!"

Cass said, "She's really cute. Why don't you give us a call later, after you're really better acquainted?"

I sighed and said, "Thanks. I still love you."

She chuckled and said, "Good. I still love you, too. Now quit acting like a dork and go charm the pants off that girl."
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 5
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:38 am

I said goodbye and made a couple of sandwiches from cold cuts. I grabbed two cans of Coke and went back outside. As soon as I saw Kala's face I knew I had a problem.

She was staring at the little LCD screen with an expression I couldn't quite read. It was a strange combination of shock, curiosity, and I'm pretty sure I saw arousal! I uploaded the pictures we took at Cass's house yesterday onto my computer. But I realized now that I hadn't erased them from the memory card! She found them!

She finally looked up. I was standing ten feet away, just outside the patio door. She looked at me curiously and asked, "Is this her? Is this your teacher?"

She looked at a couple more pictures and said, "She's very beautiful. How did you meet her?"

I didn't know what to say. I was still trying to figure out her reaction. She didn't sound upset. And I couldn't believe that. Every girl I knew would be furious if she found those pictures on her boyfriend's camera. I guess that technically we weren't to that stage in our relationship yet. And now we might never be. But still, I couldn't believe she was so calm.

I finally went over and put our lunch on the table. We both ignored it. I asked, "Do you want me to get you a ride home?"

She smiled and exclaimed, "Of course not! Why would I want that?!"

I felt my heart start to beat again. I'm pretty sure it stopped when I came out onto the patio and saw her looking at the pictures. I started to sit down but she asked, "Can I look at these on your computer? I can't see them very well on this little screen."

I sighed and said, "Okay. But let me try to explain first. It's complicated."

She smiled and said, "You don't have to explain."

I nodded and said, "Yes. I do. I want you to understand. And I would like you to meet her later. She's a very nice woman."

She chuckled and said, "I can see that!"

I told her everything, right from the moment I took the first picture of Cass out in her backyard in her bikini. I told her about losing my virginity to her and that it all happened just two days ago.

Kala smiled and said, "It looks like you've learned a lot in two days."

She was teasing me. But it was the truth. I have learned a great deal from Cass in just two days.

I was afraid that Kala would get the wrong impression of Cass because of our strange relationship and because of the way she submitted to her husband's boss. But she actually seemed to not only understand but actually approve.

I picked up the lunch we didn't eat and asked her to bring the camera and we went back inside. I threw the sandwiches away and brought the cokes with me. As we made our way up the wide staircase side by side she asked, "Is that your car?"

I nodded.

She smiled and, "It's really beautiful. I can't wait to go for a ride."

I led her to my bedroom. She looked around and said, "Very nice! You have your own bathroom! God! I'd kill for my own bathroom. My little sister is such a slob!"

I sat down at my desk and turned on my monitor. Kala came over and sat in my lap. I took the camera from her and uploaded the pictures I took of her today and the pictures I just took of my car. Then I erased the memory card.

I went to my picture file and opened the file with the pictures I took of Cass yesterday. There were also pictures of me and Kyle having sex with her. I was embarrassed about looking at these pictures with Kala. I was especially embarrassed since I was nude and having sex in some of them. But Kala was fascinated and I quickly realized that she was turned on.

When she first saw Cass tied down to the table she made me stop so that she could stare at it. She stared at it for a long time. Then, somewhat breathlessly she asked, "Whose idea was that?"

I admitted that it was mine. I explained that I suspected that it would turn Cass on. If it didn't, if she had protested, I would have stopped. But Cass loved it.

Under her breath she said, "I'll bet!"

In order to free up my hands I set the computer for slideshow. While Kala stared in awe at the photographs I started caressing her body as erotically as I could with only my limited experience.

If I wondered how she felt about what I was doing my questions were answered when she reached down and untied the strings on the sides of her bikini bottom.

I managed to wait until she saw all of the pictures I took yesterday. Fortunately there weren't that many. I stood her up and said, "If you want you can see the rest later. Right now I want to show you what else that nice woman taught me."

Kala pressed her body up against mine and said, "That sounds like a good plan."

"Doesn't it bother you that you seem to be taking the lead in this relationship?"

She thought about that for a minute and answered, "No. It bothered me that you didn't ask me out or even talk to me for so long. Does it bother you?"

"Yeah. Kind of. It makes me feel a little wimpy."

She grinned and said, "Judging by the pictures I just saw you seem quite capable of taking charge. Go ahead. I won't mind."

"You're strange, aren't you? I like that about you. Well, I like that and you have fantastic tits."

She laughed and agreed, "Yes, I am a little strange. Do you mind?"

"No. If this is going to work I'm afraid you're going to have to be."

I bent down and took her into my arms. I carried her over to the bed and dropped her in the middle of it. She turned onto her side and watched me take my trunks off with a sexy smile on her face.

When I straightened back up she said, "Very nice! I couldn't really tell from the pictures. All of the pictures of your dick were taken while it was buried in that very pretty lady."

I will admit that it didn't hurt my ego when she seemed pleased by what she saw. I know that my dick is only average. But you know how fragile we guys are.

I moved up onto the bed and stretched out beside her. We began to kiss and touch. She seemed just as interested in exploring my body as I was in hers.

I was anxious to see how she would react to what I learned from Cass during my first lesson. I gently pulled back and said, "I think you'll enjoy this."

I gently rolled her onto her stomach. She gave me a nervous look. But she didn't say anything. I smiled and said, "Relax. It isn't what you think."

She smiled. Apparently she trusted me because instantly she became visibly more relaxed.

I said, "You have a beautiful body. But parts of you are truly extraordinary. I love your ass."

"You know, some girls might have found that offensive. Lucky for you I'm not one of them. You may feel free to compliment my body parts anytime that my parents are not around."

I got up on my knees beside her and moved her hair off of her neck. I ran my fingertips lightly over her skin and quietly said, "I knew you were special. You really are. You aren't like any girl I've ever known. That's probably why I was so afraid to talk to you."

She sighed as my fingers soothed her skin. Then she asked, "I'm not like any girl? What about that woman in the pictures?"

I leaned down and kissed the nape of her neck and said, "You're more like her than anyone else I've ever met. And that is more of a compliment than you might realize. She's a very special woman. I think you're going to like her."

Kala moaned as I started kissing her neck and said, "Yes. I think I will, too. I can't wait to meet her."

We didn't speak again until I was kissing and licking her beautiful ass. She asked in a breathless, obviously very aroused voice, "Did she teach you this?"

I answered, "Yes," without stopping what I was doing.

She sighed and said, "It's spectacular! I'm definitely going to thank her."

I spent a little more time enjoying the geography of her perfect little butt before I resumed my travels. I kissed my way down her firm thighs and sexy, highly toned calves. Then I began to kiss and lick her feet. It was quickly obvious that no one had ever paid any attention to them before.

She exclaimed breathlessly, "Oh my word! I had no idea!"

I smiled and then I lifted each of her legs in turn. I took her little toes into my mouth and sucked them one at a time.

She sighed loudly and whispered, "I'll never forgive you for making me wait a fucking year!"

I finished with her toes and turned her over onto her back. I smiled down at her and said, "Four days ago I was a virgin. I knew less about sex than most guys my age. Kyle and I are probably the last two guys in our class to lose our virginity."

She looked at me askance and said, "Kyle? He's the most popular kid in our class!"

I nodded and said, "Yeah. But the poor schmuck works all the time. He's been on fewer dates than I have."

She sighed and said, "That's too bad. We only get one childhood."

I'd never looked at it that way. Now I felt even sorrier for my best friend.

I returned to my largely successful efforts to drive Kala crazy. I started back at her feet and worked my way up her luscious body, lightly skipping over her sopping wet pussy. I took note of the fact that she has no pubic hair at all. It was kind of hard to miss. I thought it looked sexy as hell.

I kissed her belly and her stomach and then skipped quickly over her breasts. She complained, "You're missing the best parts you know."

I chuckled and assured her, "Don't worry. I'm going back that way in a little while."

"Oh good!"

I kissed her neck and her ears and then explored her face with my lips and tongue, saving her lips for last.

I kissed her lips, but lightly, gently, lovingly, before starting back down to pay a little more attention to her breasts.

She began to moan in pleasure as my lips and the tip of my tongue began to explore her breasts more thoroughly. In a hoarse voice she said, "You're very good at this. I'm so glad you and that woman met."

Right about then I bit down lightly on one of her nipples. She gasped and her ass came up off the bed. She reached up and pulled my head against her chest and exclaimed, "Oh my god! Oh Dean!"

I just moaned and moved to the other breast and repeated the process, with the same exciting results.

She calmed down a little as I began to kiss my way back down towards her sweet little pussy. She opened her eyes for a moment and our eyes met. She smiled and said, "I knew I was going to love you."

Of course she doesn't love me. Not three hours into our first date. But it sounds good anyway.

But then, I've wanted her for a long time. What I feel for her now is much more intense than mere friendship. Maybe it is love. If not, it's a damn good running start at it.

When my lips finally began to tease her pussy I moved down between her legs and made myself comfortable. I intended to be there for a while.

There was so much liquid oozing out of her pussy that there was a wet spot on my bedspread. I lifted her legs and licked her clean from her butt all the way up to her swollen clit.

Her entire body shuddered in pleasure and she cried out, "Fuck! Oh you sweet boy!"

I quit screwing around then and began to eat her out. She seemed to enjoy it almost as much as I did. She moaned and her body twitched at first. But then she started losing control and I had to wrap my arms around her strong thighs and hold her in place as I licked and sucked on her delicious pussy.

After she had about a hundred orgasms, that's only a slight exaggeration; she reached down and lifted my face away from her still drooling pussy.

I turned my head and rested my cheek on her pubic mound. I was content with lightly kissing her thigh for the next several minutes.

She struggled to recover her composure while she ran her fingers through my hair. When I thought it was safe to dive back in I began lightly eating her pussy again.

She started pulling my hair and screaming, mostly obscenities. But in a charming, sexy way.

Finally I couldn't take it any longer. Before I went downstairs this morning I left a condom on the edge of my nightstand in anticipation of the unlikely possibility that this moment might come to pass. I got to my knees between her legs and reached for it.

She opened her eyes and saw what I was doing. She ripped it out of my hands and said, "I want nothing to come between us. Not ever!"

She saw the concern on my face and smiled reassuringly. She said, "It's okay. I'm safe and you're almost a virgin."

I came down over her, resting my weight on my arms and as we kissed I moved my hips gently, sliding my hard cock through her moist slit. She shivered in excitement and said, "I'll tell you all about it later. But I'm nearly as inexperienced as you are. I want you to know, though, that I have never wanted to be with any boy like I want you. Not ever."

Then she reached down and guided my cock into her pussy. My only question was answered immediately. If I did not know which beautiful woman was under me at the moment I could not have distinguished between Cass and Kala. As my cock sank into her hot, wet, welcoming pussy and I felt those wonderful sensations again I was once more in awe. I knew it was going to be a struggle for me to last long enough to make it enjoyable for Kala.

There was a difference between Kala and Cass. I didn't realize it at first when I was so overwhelmed by the sensations that she brought to me with her tight, boiling hot pussy. But the difference wasn't in the sensations I experienced. The difference was in what I felt as I made love to a girl that I was quickly becoming much more than fond of.

Sure, we were fucking. But it wasn't just about the sex. We were making love. We were looking into each other's eyes and touching and kissing. We both found ourselves saying, "I love you," and meaning it.

I probably surprised both of us when I lasted long enough that Kala was able to reach orgasm. It wasn't easy. It took a lot of concentration. But I was determined to make this the best sexual experience she has ever had.

It was without a doubt the most earth shaking experience I've ever had. And considering who went before her that's saying something! I've only been with one other woman. But she is one hell of a woman!

The difference is the emotion that Kala and I have invested in our budding relationship. We have wanted each other and dreamt of each other for a very long time. Sex is wonderful. But we were discovering that sex with someone you love is so much better.

It got kind of crazy there at the end. If anyone was watching it would probably have looked more like an assault than a sex act. But she gave as good as she got. She scratched my back and bit my chest and my shoulder. She lifted her hips off the bed and slammed into me just as hard as I was driving my cock into her. And when it was finally over it was obvious that we couldn't wait to do it again.

I rolled off of her. I put my arms around her and pulled her close. We kissed lovingly and although we had said it in the throes of passion I asked, "Would it make you nervous if I said I love you?"

She moaned and said, "Yeah. Girls hate that."

We stayed like that for a long time. After several minutes she said, "You know I'm making a mess of your bedspread."

I kissed her and said, "Rumor has it there's a laundry room down the hall. Besides, most of that is my mess."

She rested her head back on my arm and we went back to gazing lovingly at each other. It was probably ten minutes before she said, "I have a confession to make."

I replied, "As long as you don't tell me you're really a guy I don't care what you have to confess."

She said, "Maybe you don't care. But I want you to know that I'm not really as experienced as I might have led you to believe. I've only had sex with one other guy. And that was a huge disappointment. It wasn't entirely his fault, I guess. I was as dumb as he was. But it was a disaster. If you turned out to be as fucked up as he was I was going to go over to the other side. Thank you for saving me from that. I'd really hate it if I had to start dressing like a lesbian."

"We're both going to have to thank the same person."

After relaxing together for a few minutes I said, "Come on, you lazy bitch. Let's go take a shower before the neighbors start to complain."

She laughed and said, "That's it! You're cut off! No more sex for you for at least ten minutes."

I sighed and said, "I knew it couldn't last."

I got up and pulled her to her feet. We went into my bathroom and took a nice hot shower. While we were soaping each other up I decided to shake things up a little.

After we dried off I put my trunks back on and we rounded up her bikini. That was all we were wearing when I took her hand and led her out the front door. She hung back when she realized that I was taking her out front in her tiny bikini. But she didn't refuse.

She hesitated, but then she followed along. Her only comment was, "If my mom has to bail me out for public indecency she isn't going to take too kindly to you."

I laughed and replied, "Where in the hell did you get the idea that you aren't decent?! You're a hell of a lot better than decent!"

I led her across the yard to Cass's house and in through the side door without knocking. She looked a little worried. But she still didn't complain.

I checked to make sure they weren't out on the patio. I checked the living room. When they weren't there I assumed they were still in bed. I led Kala up the deeply carpeted staircase to Cass's bedroom.

We entered to find Cass and Kyle in bed together. They were talking quietly and playing with each other.

They looked up, startled when we came in. Kala saw Cass and exclaimed, "It's you!"

Cass was a little embarrassed. But she smiled and said, "When there's a woman in this bed it's usually me."

Kyle was even more embarrassed. He pulled a pillow down over his crotch and said, "Hi, Kala."

Kala grinned and said, "Hi, Kyle! Looking good there! Dean showed me the pictures you guys took yesterday. You have every right to be proud of that thing. Quit acting like a little cherry girl."

Cass laughed and said, "I think I like her, Dean. No wonder you were so tongue tied around her. She's obviously too good for you."

I laughed and said, "Thanks. You really know how to make a guy feel good about himself."

Cass got up and came over to where we were standing. She was totally comfortable with being naked in front of us. She said, "Since your ignorant boyfriend is too rude to make the introductions, I'm Cass. You must be Kala. It's wonderful to meet you."

She gave Kala a big hug and then stepped back and gave me a hug. She said, "I'm so happy for you, for both of you. I can see by the look on your faces that it's going well. I think that's fantastic."

Kala said, "I hope we aren't interrupting. I wanted to meet you. I wanted to thank you. He was amazing and he says it's all due to you."

Cass looked at me affectionately and said, "Yes. He is amazing. I'm so glad I met him. Kyle isn't bad either. I imagine you must be pretty shocked."

Kala smiled and said, "Are you kidding! I envy the hell out of you! From what I've heard you have the perfect attitude. You really know how to enjoy yourself."

Cass lifted her eyebrow and took a closer look at Kala. Then she asked, "Are you really that open minded? That's extremely unusual, especially in a teenager."

Kala reached out and took Cass's hand and said, "I'm looking forward to learning a lot from you, too."

Cass looked back at me and tried to decide what I thought of this. She watched me play inscrutable for a minute and finally she demanded in exasperation, "Well! How do you feel about this?"

I bowed down and said, "I am but your humble student, cunt!"

Kala gasped and covered her mouth with her hand. Cass laughed and jumped into my arms. She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me affectionately. She said, "I'm so glad that she is so much like us. I would have missed you if she was uptight and made you act normal."

Kala said, "Cunt? I hate that word!"

Cass smiled at her and said, "You shouldn't, dear. Cunts are a lot more fun than vaginas."

Kala looked at her for a moment and then laughed. She finally said, "You know, I think you're right. No wonder you're the teacher here."

"I'm the teacher. But I'm not in charge. I just do what I'm told. Of course I hate every minute of it. But a cunt has to do what a cunt has to do."

Cass got serious again and turned back to me. She said, "I think I've got Kala figured out. You couldn't have picked a better girl if you tried. I'm really impressed. But now you have to figure out how you feel. You have to look inside of yourself and know how you feel about the girl that you apparently love, judging by the look in your eyes when you look at her, being intimate with someone else."

I was totally serious when I answered, "I've already thought about it. I don't care if she gets screwed. But I better not catch her being intimate!"

Kala laughed quietly. But Cass was still watching my face. She said, "This is not the time for a smart ass answer. You've wanted this girl for a year. You have her now and you seem pretty damn happy about it. You don't want to screw it up. Jealousy is a dangerous emotion. Not everyone can control it."

I pulled Cass into my arms and held her close. I kissed the tip of her nose and said, "I didn't say I wouldn't get jealous. If she cheated on me I'd be jealous. Because the odds are she's going to find a guy that's better looking than me or a better lover than me and then I'd have to worry about losing her. But if she feels comfortable playing certain games within the bounds of our strange but loving relationship...

"Cass, you're my role model. I consider you the perfect woman. If she turns out to be anything like you I'll be happy as hell. Your question seems to boil down to, 'Would it upset me to see her having sex with someone like Kyle.' It wouldn't. But only if she was doing it because she wanted to."

I turned to Kala and said, "You get that, right?"

She smiled and nodded.

Cass smiled and asked, "And what if a dirty old broad like me wanted a taste of that sweet young pussy?"

I laughed and said, "You know how much guys hate to see two hot chicks getting it on."

Kyle was still sitting on the bed with the pillow over his crotch. He shook his head and quietly said, "I'm so confused."

Just to confuse him a little more I said, "I don't need that rebuilt starter."

He did a double take and then stared at me as if his brain had just shut down.

The three of us laughed at him, though I don't imagine Kala or Cass understood either. But the look on his face was priceless.

I let him dangle for a minute before I said, "Okay, watch my lips. Kyle, I love Kala. I'm pretty sure that Kala loves me. I also love Cass. But I love Cass differently."

I looked at Kala, hoping that she wouldn't take that the wrong way. She smiled and quietly said, "I understand. I think she's kind of neat, too."

I returned my attention to Kyle and said, "From now on it won't be just the three of us. Sometimes it will be the four of us. You will be able to have sex with Kala and I won't mind. I will be able to have sex with Cass and Kala won't mind. We are going to have to work around Cass's husband because even though she's such a good teacher, she has been unable to teach him anything. Since Cass enjoys fucking her husband's boss we might end up including him sometimes. I'll have to see how Kala feels about that."

Kala laughed and said, "Your wish is my command, master."

Kyle finally contributed to the conversation. "I'll tell the guy we won't be needing the starter."

That broke everyone up.

Kyle and Cass had taken a shower just before we arrived. So they joined us down by the pool. Cass and Kala made some snacks since, as it turned out, all four of us skipped lunch in favor of sex.

For most of the next hour and a half we had a ball just sitting around the table or floating in the pool, nude of course. Our personalities meshed perfectly. We all had the same sense of humor. We were the perfect foursome! I couldn't get over how well Kala fit in and how comfortable she seemed with the four of us sitting around in the nude.

After we ate, relaxed for a while, and recovered our strength, I pulled Kala into my lap and we started making out. She was a little self conscious at first. But I think that she quickly began to enjoy having an audience.

Cass got up and put a cushion from one of the lounge chairs on the grass and suggested, "Why don't you kids get comfortable?"

I picked Kala up and got to my feet. She buried her face in my neck, moaned, and then kissed my neck and said, "I'm so fucking turned on right now! I wish you'd brought your camera!"

I chuckled at how eager she was. But it excited the hell out of me that she felt that way. I kissed her and replied, "Next time. I think you're going to enjoy this even more."

I put her down on the cushion and turned to Cass and Kyle. I asked, "Would you two care to join us?"

Kala shuddered and whispered, "Oh god!"

I lay down beside her on my side. I leaned closer, and kissed her gently and said, "If it bothers you just tell me. It stops when you realize you aren't enjoying it."

She opened her eyes and smiled at me. She said, "You're the only guy in the world that could do this to me without making me feel used."

I kissed her again and because it was totally appropriate I borrowed a line from Cass.

"I'm not doing this to you. I'm doing this with you."

She smiled and said, "Yes. Yes you are."

Kala and I began to kiss and touch while Cass and Kyle knelt on the other side of Kala and began to lightly touch and then kiss various parts of her sexy body. She was either very open to this sort of thing immediately or she trusted me very much. Because she relaxed and enjoyed everything we did to her right from the beginning.

I let them explore and tease her body while I cradled her head in my hands. I kissed her face and neck, but mainly our lips were glued together until, after about ten minutes she exclaimed, "I can't take this anymore! I need to cum!"

I smiled and said, "The next time you'll be tied to the table and we'll make you last much longer. But I suppose, since you're new at this."

Then, while staring into her eyes I said, "Kyle, would you please fuck the girl I love?"

Kyle asked nervously, "Are you sure, man?"

But Kala just smiled and said, "You fucking pervert! I love you, too."

I smiled and said to Kyle, "Yeah. I'm sure. She's too much woman for you. But don't worry. Cass and I are going to help."

Kyle moved between her legs and got into position over her. Cass guided his cock into the very wet opening of the girl I love. Then I returned to kissing Kala and teasing her tit while Cass teased Kyle's balls with one hand and kissed and nibbled on Kala's other tit.

Several times before Kala reached orgasm she turned towards Cass and the two of them kissed passionately. I got to watch and it made my already very hard cock throb painfully. I saw pure passion and it was amazing. I know that we're young. But I knew in that moment that I had found the girl I was going to marry someday.

Fortunately, Kyle and Cass had spent the morning having sex. Otherwise I'm certain he couldn't have lasted five minutes. It seemed like Kala started cumming almost immediately. But Kyle amazed me by lasting more than ten minutes. Under the circumstances I was very impressed.

Kyle finally came and struggled to his knees. Kala smiled at him and whispered, "Thank you. That was wonderful."

He blushed and replied, "Yes. It was. Thank you. Thank you both."

Cass chuckled and said, "It looks like we have some unfinished business."

She was looking at my hard, throbbing, dark red cock. She smiled at Kala and asked, "Would you mind?"

Kala sat up and Kyle helped her to stand. Cass said, "Don't go away."

She invited me to lie on my back in the middle of the cushion and when I was in position she straddled me. She slid her moist slit up and down on my hard cock and suggested that Kala join us. Kala got to her knees and kissed me passionately. I felt her hand move down my stomach and she guided my cock into Cass.

For most of the next few minutes Kala kissed me and moved her hands over me while Kyle teased her body from behind. But she would occasionally abandon me to kiss Cass and tease her breasts as casually as if she had done this dozens of times.

I held out as long as I could. But there is only so much a guy can take. I groaned and exclaimed, "Oh Christ! Not yet!"

But there was no holding back. I made a growling noise that I have never heard come from me before and began to cum in Cass.

When it was over I looked at Cass apologetically and said, "I'm sorry, Cass. I couldn't wait."

She chuckled and said, "It's okay. Not even superman could have stood up to that. Besides, this one was to thank you for being so nice. Kyle wore me out this morning. I don't think I could cum again if my life depended on it."

Cass sat down on the cushion by my leg. Kala started running her fingers over my slick, soft cock and said, "You are pretty damned nice. I've never met a guy like you before."

I wasn't sure where that was coming from. She hardly knows me. But I'm glad she feels that way.

I pulled her down onto my chest and kissed her. Then I whispered, "I made a decision a few minutes ago. I'm going to marry you. I just thought you should be warned."

She smiled, probably thinking that I was kidding. She said, "You hardly know me."

I kissed the tip of her nose and said, "I know what I need to know."

She looked into my eyes thoughtfully for a moment and then asked, "Because of this?"

I answered, "Because of this, too. But for a lot of reasons. You're beautiful and smart and sexy. Because I love your laugh and I love your sense of humor. Because you are trusting. You aren't afraid. You're open minded and you like people. I've watched you at school all year. I'm sure that doesn't come as a surprise to you. I haven't been able to keep my eyes off you since the first time I saw you. You genuinely like people and you're nice to everyone."

I kissed her again and said, "Don't worry. I'm not going to try to force you into anything. I'm going to make sure that later, when we're old enough, you want to marry me. I'm going to be the man you want to spend your life with."

She smiled and said, "You already are. Don't change a thing."

Kyle said, "Okay, you two. Knock it off. I just ate lunch for Christ's sake!"

Cass popped him in the back of the head. With Kyle properly chastised we moved back to the patio table. Cass was watching Kala closely. She asked, "No regrets?"

Kala shrugged. If you haven't seen a naked girl shrug, I recommend it. Then she smiled and said, "I'm a little surprised, too. Dean showed me the pictures that you guys took yesterday. I told you that."

I didn't actually show them to her. Not at first. She found them on my camera. But I can explain that later if anyone cares.

Cass nodded.

Kala took a deep breath and said, "I almost had an orgasm just looking at them."

Kala turned to me and said, "I want to try that. I want to be tied up and blindfolded. I want you to make me do things."

Cass smiled and said, "You must really trust him. That's unusual. You're still on your first date! It's a strange date. I'll grant you that. But you have to trust someone to give them that much power over you."

Kala smiled and responded, "I do."

Then she added, "So did you."

Cass smiled and said, "He made it easy. Did you see the pictures he took of me? The first set I mean?"

Kala shook her head.

"They were the pictures that started all of this. My husband's boss came over. When the two of us are together it's always a rape. He doesn't hurt me. But he's rough and he's very selfish, very self centered. He uses me for his own pleasure and couldn't care less about me.

"But that's okay. Being used that way turns me on. When I realized that Dean saw it all I panicked. I went to his home and offered him anything if he would just promise not to tell my husband.

"It took me only a few minutes to realize that he had no intention of telling my husband or attempting to blackmail me. But going over there turned out to be one of the smartest things I've ever done. There's something about Dean that lets you know that you can trust him.

"Please don't take this the wrong way, but I love that kid. Not like a boyfriend. We're closer than that. I hope you don't mind."

Kala smiled and said, "I understand. And I'm not jealous. He already explained to me that he feels the same way about you. I'm looking forward to seeing those pictures, if you don't mind."

Cass smiled and replied, "Maybe we can look at them together. I'd like to see them again."

It's obvious that despite the difference in their ages, Cass and Kala are going to get along great.

We talked a little more before Cass said, "It will probably be a week or so before Ricky calls me again and orders me to meet him somewhere, probably at a nearby motel. Would you guys be interested? He's a macho, selfish, Neanderthal of a man. But as much as I hate to say anything good about him, he's a great fuck. And I know he'd get a kick out of you, Kala."

Kala got up and started to get into my lap. Cass stopped her and said, "Wait. Come with me."

She led Kala over to the outdoor shower and rinsed her off. Her thighs and her crotch were kind of messy. It was fun to watch.

Kala was toweling off as she walked back. I said, "That was nice. But it wasn't necessary. I'm not that fastidious."

Kala looked down at me and after a moment of looking into my eyes as I smiled up at her she said, "You really wouldn't care, would you?! I think I like you more every time you open your mouth."

She crawled into my lap and said, "Now, I was about to ask you a question. I enjoyed what we did a few minutes ago. That must have been pretty obvious. But sharing me with your best friend isn't the same as letting some old dude you've never even met fuck me. Do you want that? I'll do it if you want me to."

I smiled and said, "I've watched him at work. I think you might enjoy it. And I know the pictures would be exciting. But I don't know you well enough yet to know how that kind of experience would affect you or how you would feel about me if I let him fuck you. I know it kind of detracts from the fantasy if you have to admit how you feel about it. But I care too much about you to make you do something just because it amuses me.

"Why don't we take a few days? You can think it over and we can get better acquainted. I don't ever want to look in your eyes and see resentment or regret. I no longer have a crush on you. I'm in love with you. But as you have already noted, I'm different than most guys. You may want to set limits."

She kissed me and hugged me. We held each other close for a few minutes before she said, "I trust you. And I think you already know that we've discovered a new side to me that even I didn't know existed. Let's go ahead and play with it. If it gets to be a problem I'll let you know."
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 6
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:40 am

It was almost time for Kala's mother to pick her up. I reminded Kyle that he was taking me to the DMV tomorrow morning to take my driver's test. Finally, reluctantly we all got dressed. Kyle went home to get ready for work and we went to my house.

I felt bad about leaving Cass home alone so I invited her over for supper. She smiled and said, "Thanks. But I don't want to wear out my welcome."

I smacked her cute ass and said, "Bullshit! Mom had a great time last night. She was noticeably more relaxed than usual this morning. You can either get dressed and come to my house or come as you are. I'm easy. But you are coming. I'll even grill some steaks."

Then I turned to Kala and said, "I don't suppose you could stay? I'd like you to meet my mother. She's kind of cool. And I know she'd really like to meet you. It would let her know I'm not gay."

Kala smiled and said, "I can ask."

She called her mother on her cell phone and after a brief conversation got permission to stay for dinner. Cass offered to drive her home later. That helped.

It was still early enough that we had time to take a look at the first set of pictures I took of Cass before my mother came home. I called my mother to let her know we had company for dinner and to make sure that she was still planning to come home at a reasonable time this evening. Then we sat at my computer and I opened the file that contained the pictures I took of Cass and Ricky that first day.

The first few were of Cass in her bikini and they were interesting enough. But when we got to the good ones and she saw how large and dominant and forceful Ricky was I watched Kala closely. I quickly learned what I wanted to know. She was definitely interested in meeting Ricky.

The three of us were sitting in two chairs. Kala was in my lap. I like having her there. I like it a lot. As we were watching the pictures advance slowly, Cass got up and stood behind us. She reached down and pulled Kala's t-shirt up over her breasts. She was only wearing the t-shirt and a pair of shorts.

I've seen these pictures several times. So I was more interested in watching Cass caressing Kala's beautiful tits.

Kala began to find it hard to concentrate.

I reached down and worked a finger under her shorts. I teased Kala's pussy and in a breathless voice she said, "I thought I was through for the day. You two are driving me nuts!"

Cass leaned down, kissed her neck and asked, "Have you ever been with another girl?"

Kala whispered, "No."

Cass kissed her a few more times and asked, "Have you ever thought about it? Have you ever wanted to?"

Kala moaned and in a breathless voice she answered, "Not until this very moment. Suddenly it sounds like a damn good idea."

I glanced at the clock and decided that there was still plenty of time. I put Kala on her feet and stood up. I grabbed my camera and stepped out of the way. Both girls watched me. When I was ready they smiled at each other. They were both obviously a little nervous. But they were only nervous because they've never done this before. I could see that they were looking forward to trying something else new.

The two beautiful young women moved into each other's arms. They seemed to forget about me and the camera right from the start.

Cass leaned in and began kissing Kala, her cheeks, her chin, all around her face. Then their lips came together and they shared a tentative kiss.

Watching them was extremely arousing even at this early stage when they were only kissing. I felt my previously well satisfied cock stirring in my pants as I moved around them taking pictures. They must have been aware of me. But they acted like I wasn't there.

Their kisses became passionate very quickly and their hands began to explore. They kissed and touched each other in Cass's backyard earlier. But that was while Kyle and I were having sex with one or both of them. They were just adding to their stimulation. This was different. Now they were making love, to another woman.

At first their movements were a bit tentative. They seemed slightly hesitant. But they quickly realized that they were enjoying themselves and became comfortable with what they were doing.

After a few minutes they removed each other's t-shirt. I managed to get some great shots of those four beautiful breasts pressed together while they kissed and touched. Their nipples were hard and their faces were flushed. When their eyes were open I could see the lust rising in them. Just watching them was taking my breath away.

I knew I was getting some extraordinary pictures. And I was nearly as turned on as they were now.

For a second I thought of Kyle and felt sad that my best friend wasn't here to enjoy this. But it's obvious from looking at them that they'll be doing this again. It may not be quite as exciting as this first time. But Kyle can't blame me. This wasn't my doing. There were times today when I saw them kissing or touching that I thought about how hot it would be if they were to do what they were doing now. But I doubt if I would have been bright enough to suggest it.

Their shorts went next. Kala was naked under hers. Cass was wearing a tiny little bikini panty that clung to her prominent mound like a silky second skin. I got the impression that Kala loved the way Cass's pussy felt through those panties. But it wasn't long before they were working together to remove them.

They began to move closer to my bed once they were both naked. When the backs of Kala's knees hit my mattress they stopped for a moment. She got up on the bed and Cass moved into position over her. Their lips quickly resumed that passionate kiss as they pressed their breasts and their pubic mounds together.

Not a word had been spoken from the moment that they moved into each other's arms and began to kiss. The only sound in the room was heavy breathing, erotic moans and loud sighs.

The things they were doing to each other were obviously very stimulating. But it wasn't enough for long. Cass began to kiss her way down Kala's sexy body. But Kala wasn't content to just lie there and be made love to. She mumbled something to Cass. I couldn't understand her quiet words. But I could hear the urgency in her tone.

Cass smiled and began to swing her body around until her legs were straddling Kala's head. I could see the excitement tinged with uncertainty as both women prepared to taste another woman's pussy for the first time. And I saw, and photographed, that moment when their uncertainty disappeared and they suddenly lost all inhibitions.

The two women devoured each other. They loved pleasing each other and they both enjoyed the idea of being pleased by their new best friend. It was hardly any time at all before Kala had her first orgasm and that seemed to start an avalanche of orgasms for both women. I wasn't even able to count them. They were eating each other out violently and screaming into each other's pussy until Cass stiffened up and jerked away as if she had been burned.

She screamed, "I can't! I can't take it anymore! FUCK ME! Oh Kala! I love you!"

Kala laughed tiredly and asked, "When I marry Dean, will you come and live with us?"

Cass dropped onto the mattress beside her on her back. Both young women were panting from their exertions. Cass laughed and answered, "I'd leave my husband for you two any day!"

They were quiet for another long moment, except for the sound of their heavy breathing. Then, without even turning to look, Cass said, "I think we have a problem."

Kala looked suddenly concerned and asked, "What's wrong?"

Cass replied with a total deadpan look on her face, "Dean can't go downstairs like that. He looks like a fucking tripod!"

Kala looked over at me and smiled. She asked Cass, "What do you think we should do?"

Cass suggested, "We could make him take a cold shower."

Kala seemed to think about it before she said, "It would probably be quicker to just go ahead and suck his cock."

Cass looked over at me and smiled. She said, "It's up to you, Dean. Your mother will be home soon. You don't want her to see you like that. I'm sure she'd be proud of you if she saw that nice cock of yours sticking way out like that. But she might wonder what you've been up to. You know how moms are."

Kala chuckled. Then she turned to Cass and asked, "Will you teach me how? I've never sucked a cock before."

Cass seemed surprised. But she smiled and said, "Would you like to just watch and see what I do?"

Kala shook her head and said, "No. I want to do it."

Then she laughed and said, "I never thought I'd ever say that! I've always thought it was kind of nasty. But I want to do it for Dean."

Cass kissed Kala and said, "That's the spirit. And it is a little nasty. But nasty sex can be a lot of fun with the right people. It's only degrading if the guy is using you. Dean loves you. Boy! Does he ever! I looked up when you two walked into my bedroom a few hours ago and saw that look on his face. He's got it bad."

Kala blushed and said, "Yes. I know. Isn't he great?! I can't explain why it feels different now. But I guess you're right, being in love makes a big difference. I've been looking at his pretty cock ... sorry, his handsome cock all afternoon and wondering what it would be like."

Cass put her arm around Kala and said, "You've already learned the trick to being a good cocksucker! It's easy once you want to do it for your guy. And to be perfectly honest, Dean is so new at getting blowjobs he's gonna love anything you do as long as you don't bite his dick off."

I finally had to interrupt. "Hey! I'm standing here. You can see me, right?"

Cass smiled and said, "Oh. We thought you went downstairs."

They got up and surrounded me. They wrapped their arms around me and started kissing both sides of my face and pressing their naked bodies against me.

Cass took Kala's hand and guided it to my still very erect cock. Her fingers closed around it sending shivers through me. She smiled and asked, "Will you still respect me if I'm a cocksucker?"

I laughed and asked, "Does it bother you that I eat pussy?"

She rubbed her body against me and replied, "Pussy eater isn't a dirty word. Cocksucker is. It's very derogatory."

"As long as it's you or Cass and not Kyle I'll be okay with it."

She chuckled and said, "Kyle will be so disappointed."

"Somehow I don't think so."

They worked together to lower my shorts and my underwear. I stepped out of them and they led me to my rumpled bed. They pushed me down and then over onto my back and both of them knelt at my feet. They pulled my knees apart and I listened while Cass instructed Kala in the fine art of cocksucking.

Cass was right earlier. I'm still so new at this, and I was so turned on from watching them make love to each other a few minutes ago that I could probably have had an orgasm if someone had just dropped a warm, wet washcloth on my cock. But this is definitely better.

Under Cass's guidance, Kala kissed and licked my balls and then my cock for a minute or two before she took the head of my cock into her mouth. She started sliding her pouty lips up and down my shaft and using her tongue. She only managed to get half of my cock into her mouth. But that was more than enough.

I tried to make it last longer. In part to make a liar out of Cass, but mainly because it felt so wonderful I didn't want it to end. But I couldn't do it. I doubt if I lasted five minutes once she took my cock into her warm wet mouth and started sucking.

Just before I felt the explosion coming I tried to push her head away. I gasped, "Kala! I'm gonna cum! Maybe you should..."

She moaned and pushed my hand away. That was all the resistance I could muster. I surrendered to the wonderful sensations then and let her worry about the consequences.

My ass came up off the mattress and I felt the cum shooting out of my cock. I've been getting laid or sucked off three or four times a day over the last three days so it wasn't as bad for Kala as it would have been if she tried this on Monday. She actually handled it surprisingly well. She didn't gag or choke. She followed Cass's instructions and let my cum accumulate in her mouth before she tried to swallow it. She waited until my cock deflated and slowly took her mouth away.

Cass said, "Don't swallow yet. Take a minute to get used to the taste. You're pretty lucky. Dean's cum isn't as bitter as most guys. And it doesn't have the bleachy taste that some guys have."

Kala finally swallowed. She smiled and exclaimed, "Oh wow! I enjoyed that! It was exciting! I love how much it turned him on."

Then she said to me, "Good news, Dean! We can do that again! Often, if you like."

I sat up, took her in my arms and kissed her. I said, "I'm glad. I enjoyed that. You did pretty damn good for a virgin cocksucker."

Just then I heard a noise downstairs. My mother was home! We scrambled for our clothes and dressed in record time. Then we hurried downstairs. We met mom in the kitchen and I politely introduced her and Kala.

Mom smiled at my blushing new girlfriend and said, "Oh my! I see what all the fuss was about now. You certainly are a beautiful young lady."

Kala tipped her head to the side and replied, "Fuss?"

Mom's smile widened and she said, "We've had to listen to Kyle tease Dean about being too shy to ask you out for a year now. I think I understand why he was so intimidated."

I exclaimed, "Mom! If you don't cut it out I'm going to burn your steak."

Then she said to Kala, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to embarrass you. But I understand now why Dean has spent a year pining over you."

Mom said hello to Cass then and finally she turned to me and said, "Sweetheart, would you pick out a nice bottle of red wine and open it for me while I go up and change into something more comfortable?"

I nodded and she excused herself to go change.

As soon as she was out of the room Kala whispered vehemently, "I need something to drink! I'm afraid to breathe! My breath must smell like cum!"

I laughed and got a couple of Cokes out. Then I opened a bottle of wine and put it aside to breathe. I got two wine glasses out. I put four steaks out on the counter and started for the patio door to turn the gas grill on. I stopped as I passed by Kala and said, "I don't smell anything but sweet on you. Relax."

We kissed and I went out and lit the grill and came back inside. I got out the potato salad and the makings for a salad and got it ready. Cass and Kala sat at the kitchen island and quietly discussed Kala's opinions of blowjobs. I was relieved to hear her say that she really had enjoyed doing it. She didn't really understand why. But sucking my cock had been exciting. And if anyone wanted proof they would most likely find it inside her shorts.

I volunteered to check just as my mother came back into the room. That deep, luxurious carpeting we have throughout the house is nice if you're walking around without your shoes on. But it made it very easy for people to sneak up on you without even meaning to.

Mom asked, "Check what, dear?"

Without missing a beat, quick witted Cass replied, "I asked him to check my pool filter sometime tomorrow. I think it might be clogged and I don't even know how to open it."

Mom poured wine for herself and Cass and joined us at the kitchen island. She performed a mother's typical due diligence on Kala. Kala fielded all of her questions easily and with her normal charm and beautiful smile she quickly began to win my mother over.

I served the salad to give Kala a break. But she actually seemed pretty comfortable with my mother. In fact, all three of them quickly started ganging up on me. We got better acquainted over salad. They finally stopped teasing me and started talking about girl stuff while I cleaned off the salad bowls and asked how everyone wanted their steaks.

I went outside and prepared the steaks. Dad is an artist at grilling and he taught me enough to keep me from embarrassing myself. And what the hell, it's hard to screw up a steak as long as you don't overcook it.

When I went back inside ten minutes later with the plateful of steaks the conversation suddenly stopped so I knew they were talking about me. I smiled and said, "I knew better than to leave you three alone! Beautiful weather we're having, isn't it?"

All three of them laughed and Kala said, "Don't worry, Dean. When it comes to talking trash, we didn't have much to say about you. In fact, we all seem to agree that you're my dream man!"

I rolled my eyes and replied, "I think I'll eat in my room."

I put the platter of steaks on the table and sat down to eat. While we ate, Kala told us about some of the exotic places she lived before her family moved here. She was cute and funny and her personality really showed through as she talked about people and places and didn't seem to have a bad thing to say about anything or anyone.

I watched my mother and saw that she was fascinated by Kala. That was a relief. I've only brought one other girl home since I started dating. That was Linda and my mother didn't like her, a lot!

We had a very good time talking and laughing over the next couple of hours. We finally saw Cass and Kala out at a little after eight. I closed the front door and my mother turned to me and hugged me.

I saw a strangely melancholy look in her eyes and asked what was wrong. I thought that they were getting along fine. The look on her face worried me.

Mom smiled wistfully and said, "First loves almost never last. And that's a shame. You two are perfect together. She's a remarkable young woman."

She saw the startled look on my face and asked, "What's wrong?"

I shook my head and started to go in and clean up the kitchen. She followed me into the kitchen and asked, "What? Did I say something wrong?"

I smiled and said, "No. But you won't like my answer to your question."

She chuckled and said, "I have the perfect husband and two perfect sons. There hasn't been nearly enough disappointment in my life. Go ahead. Tell me something I won't like."

I stopped what I was doing and turned to face her. I was deadly serious when I said, "I told her today that I'm going to marry her. Not right away, of course. But after spending one day with her I know in my heart that the two of us are going to spend the rest of our lives together."

Mom's eyes got a little moist. She came closer and put her arms around me. She hugged me and quietly said, "I hope you're right. I think I fell in love with her, too. I've never met a young woman as poised and as attractive and yet so beautiful on the inside. And she never once said 'I was like' or 'you know'. I was very impressed.

"And in case you were too thick to pick up on it, she loves you, too. I got goose bumps when I saw the way she looked at you. I'm going to warn you right now. If you ever do anything to hurt that girl I'll kick you right out of this house."

I laughed and hugged her a little tighter. Then I said, "You have my word. I would die before I did anything to hurt her."

She backed away and smiled at me for a moment before saying, "This is a strange conversation for a mother to be having with her fifteen year old son."

I glanced at the clock and said, "I'll be sixteen in less than four hours. But don't panic. I intend to marry her. But not until after we graduate. Maybe not from college, but at least from high school, as long as she doesn't knock me up."

She growled, "Smart ass!" and pushed me away. We made quick work of the kitchen and I joined her on the patio while she finished her last glass of wine before going to bed.

Mom was amused because I've been able to talk of almost nothing else but my car and getting my license tomorrow for months now. Yet now that the big day was as hand all I could talk about was Kala.

I took her glass when she finished her wine. I helped her up. She wasn't drunk, just tired. She kissed my cheek and said, "You are just about perfect, aren't you, Dean? I couldn't have asked for a better son."

I smiled and said, "No more wine for you!"

She must be feeling pretty emotional tonight. I guess she misses dad a lot. She smiled and said, "I'm proud of you, you know. You've never done anything to disappoint me. I love you so much."

I was getting embarrassed. I responded, "It isn't that I've never done anything that might disappoint you, mom. It's just that I never got caught. I'm not an angel."

She smiled and said, "Maybe not. But you're responsible and respectful. You're kind. You treat everyone well. You're even nice to your little brother. I suppose every mother thinks well of her children. But I see good things in you and it makes me so proud."

I couldn't take much more of this conversation. I kissed her and said, "Goodnight, mom. Or do you need me to carry your drunken ass up the stairs?"

She laughed and said, "One more remark like that and I'll take your damn keys away!"

She kissed me again and said, "Goodnight."

I put her wine glass in the dishwasher and turned it on. Then I went up to my room. I should have learned my lesson after last night. But I couldn't resist. I went over and sat down in front of my computer. I attached the USB cable to my camera and uploaded the pictures I took today. I went through them slowly. They totally took my breath away. Even the modest pictures of Kala in her skimpy bikini! But they're all works of art. I can't wait to show Kyle the pictures of Kala and Cass in my bed. He's going to freak out.

I finally got up and brushed my teeth, got undressed and went to bed. I had just gotten into bed when my cell phone rang. I felt a warm glow when I saw that it was Kala calling.

I answered and as soon as I was certain that it was Kala I said, "I love you."

She laughed quietly and in a soft voice said, "I love you, too."

I said, "It isn't just me, you know. My mother loves you. Cass loves you. He didn't actually say it, but I have no doubt that Kyle loves you. After you left I told my mother that I was going to marry you."

Kala groaned and said, "I'm sure that made her happy. Mom's love hearing that from their teenage sons."

I laughed and said, "She said that she hoped I was right. She really does love you. She warned me that if I ever did anything to hurt you she was going to kick me out of the house."

In an even softer voice she said, "I've never felt this way before, Dean. It isn't right. Not after spending one day together! I love you so much it hurts. I want to sleep with you. I want to go to sleep in your arms. I want to turn over in my bed right now and kiss your sweet lips."

Then she whispered, "And I want to suck your cock all night long!"

I groaned and then something occurred to me. I asked, "You aren't alone in your room, are you?"

She quietly answered, "No. But I think Sam is asleep."

I was startled for a second. Then I said, "I take it that Sam is short for something and that you're talking about your little sister?"

She said, "No, silly. Sam is my other boy friend!"

Then she laughed and said, "Sam is short for Samantha. And I was wrong. She's listening to every word I say."

I groaned and asked, "Including the fact that you want to suck my cock all night long?"

She sighed and said, "Yeah. It looks like I'm going to have a heart to heart talk with my sister. Anyway, I just called up to say I love you and wish you luck tomorrow."

I thanked her and told her that I'd call her as soon as I had my license.

I was just about to say goodnight and hang up the phone when she said, "What you did tonight really impressed me."

I couldn't think of anything I did to impress anyone. But before I could ask she said, "The way you set the table and made supper when your mother came home from work all tired out, Jesus Dean! How many boys would do that?! And you didn't even have to be asked. You must be the sweetest boy on the planet. I mean it. You're perfect!"

I chuckled and said, "I'm not perfect. I have my vices. I spent all day molesting a pretty young girl."

She laughed and said, "And I already thanked you for that. I adore you, Dean. Goodnight."

I told her again that I love her. I can't seem to say it enough. Then I reluctantly said goodnight. I hated to hang up. I wanted to talk to her all night long. But not with her little sister listening to every word she said to me.

I lay there in the dark for a long time after that. I never did change my sheets after they left. I could smell the heady scent of those two sexy women on my pillow.

I'm not stupid. I know that it isn't possible to fall so deeply in love in one day. I'm fully aware that hormones are driving what I'm feeling for Kala. But I don't believe it's just hormones. I know that it isn't. Everything about her touches me.

I resolved that I'm going to make certain that regardless of how much of what we feel for each other at the moment is glandular, I'm going to see to it that this thing we have found after a year of being too afraid to talk is going to last and it's going to grow. Maybe there was a reason that we had to wait a year. Maybe this was the time in our lives that we were ready to be together.

It took me an awfully long time to get to sleep. I couldn't stop thinking about Kala. On the plus side, I didn't think about the driver's test even once.

I took a quick shower and dressed in the morning. I went down and made coffee. By the time mom came down it was ready to pour. She wished me a happy birthday and we sat and talked quietly.

She kept staring at me. She was starting to make me nervous. I began to wonder if she had some suspicions about the things that have been going on around here lately.

But she finally smiled and said, "You grew up so fast! Look at you! You're a handsome young man and I'm pretty damned proud of the way you turned out. Your dad and I made mistakes. But the end result is a work of art."

I smiled and said, "I didn't realize you saw me posing in the nude!"

She cocked an eyebrow at me and said, "That brings up another subject. Your dad should be having this talk with you. But after seeing you two together last night I feel compelled to bring it up. I'm not going to say anything stupid. You two are going to do what you are going to do no matter what I say or her parents say. But use your head."

I blushed. I was as uncomfortable discussing this with her as she was with me. In part because I wanted to know but also to change the subject as quickly as possible I asked, "Can I ask you something?"

She sighed and said, "I can tell by the look on your face that I wish you wouldn't. But go ahead."

I cleared my throat and said, "I know that it isn't possible to be as much in love as we are after one day. I know that a large part of what we feel for each other is because we are teenagers and we are hormone factories. But there isn't any doubt in my mind that what we feel for each other is based on more than a huge case of horny.

"I trust your judgment more than anyone else I know. She is special. Isn't she? It isn't just me. You saw it last night, didn't you?"

"Yes, Dean. And I sensed that you two have a special bond that, as you pointed out, is incomprehensible after spending only one day together. I'm not going to ask for the details. But that must have been one hell of a day. Just be careful. Don't hurt her. And don't blow it."

"I won't let either of those things happen. I promise."

She finished her coffee and stood up. She came around and kissed me. She said, "I'm not going to wish you good luck. I know you don't need it. But do me a favor. When you get back from the DMV and take your fucking race car out on the road for the first time, be careful."

My jaw dropped just about to the floor. My mother said fuck!!

I was so shocked I never even said goodbye!

Mom left for the office. I cleaned the coffee pot and put the cups in the dishwasher. Then I stared out through the kitchen window at Cass's house until I heard Kyle pull into the driveway a few minutes later.

He came in while I was getting my shoes on. He wished me a happy birthday and asked me if I was ready.

I looked at him for a second and said, "My mother just said fuck!"

Kyle raised his eyebrows and asked, "What did you do to piss her off?"

I shook my head and said, "She wasn't mad! She told me to be careful in my fucking race car!"

Kyle laughed and said, "I like your mom. She has balls. But I mean that in the nicest way."

I grabbed my dad's keys. It had been arranged that I would take the driver's test in his Mercedes. That's the car I've practiced driving in the most since I learned to drive. I tossed the keys to Kyle and said, "Let's go. The quicker we get there the sooner we can come home."

On the way, Kyle said, "I think I need to be rich when I grow up. I could get used to this!"

He has ridden in dad's Mercedes often enough. And when we went out for driving practice in parking lots he got to drive it around the lot as much as I did. But this was the first time he's driven it on the road.

I laughed and said, "Get serious! You know you wouldn't trade your truck for this car."

He smiled and said, "No. But this would make a good second car."

The line at the DMV wasn't that bad. I took the written test first. Well, it isn't a written test anymore. It's done on a computer. It only took me about two minutes. It was so easy I was wondering if I was doing something wrong. Hell! I didn't even need to study the book to answer the questions they asked!

We had to wait about twenty minutes for the examiner. The road test was just about as easy as the written test. The hardest part of it for me was not to look overconfident. I didn't want him to think it was too easy and make it harder.

I had my new license in my hand by ten after nine that morning. I let Kyle drive us back to my house while I called Kala. I told her that I would be there in about twenty minutes and asked her where she wanted to go.

I could hear her smile when she whispered, "Your bedroom?"

I laughed and asked, "You aren't taking me for granted are you? I don't want to be just a sex object to you!"

"Well, okay. I understand perfectly. What's Kyle's number?"

I laughed and said, "I'll pick you up in twenty minutes. I love you."

She said that she loved me and we hung up.

Kyle said, "She really is something. She's just as wonderful as you thought she was. If it was anyone but you I'd try to take her away from you."

I wasn't worried. I knew he wouldn't do that to me. I said, "She asked for your number when I started playing hard to get. Maybe you'd have a chance."

Then I asked, "Are you going to spend the day with Cass? I want to be alone with Kala again for a little while."

Kyle answered, "We didn't make any plans. I thought about inviting her to go out to the lake. If she's interested I was thinking of renting a canoe at High Point and paddling around the shore to the floating restaurant."

That sounded like fun. I suggested, "Why don't you wait a couple of hours. If Kala is interested we can make it a foursome and get there in time for lunch."

Kyle nodded and said, "Okay. But call us if you decide not to go."

He parked dad's car in the garage and waited while I started my GTX. This was the first time he heard it start up and run. That big hemi engine roared to life and kind of took our breath away. My only problem with it was that dad is making me keep the stock exhaust on it. I'm going to have to work on him. This car cries out for a set of big, throaty glasspacks. I've heard similar vehicles with a set of Thrush glasspacks on them. It's the sweetest sound in the world.

But then again, I guess that when I pull up to Kala's house in this car her mother is going to be concerned enough. I might want her to get to know me before I start making loud noises with my car.

I went over to Cass's house with Kyle. I had to. It suddenly occurred to me as I was about to leave to pick up Kala that I don't know where the hell she lives! I survived a birthday kiss from Cass and thanked her with one of my own. Then it occurred to me that we were standing in her doorway and if any of our neighbors saw us it could be a problem for her when her husband comes home.

I smiled at her and said, "We should be more careful where people can see us."

She sighed and said, "Sometimes I'm not so sure that it wouldn't work to my advantage to make Don jealous."

I brought her hand to my lips and said, "I still love you."

She smiled and said, "I know. And I love you. So what the hell are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be on your way to Kala's house?"

I grinned and said, "I don't know where she lives."

She laughed and gave me directions. I thanked her and said, "I'll call you after I talk to Kala."

I went to my car and stood looking at it, savoring the moment. I got in, lowered the top and took off. I've been looking forward to the day that I could drive off down the street in my own car for a couple of years now. It was every bit as exciting as I thought it would be. But all I could think about was seeing Kala again! I was desperate to make myself calm down so that I could make a good impression on her mother. The closer I got to Kala's house the more nervous I was becoming. I was as nervous about meeting Kala's mother as I had been about my first day alone with Kayla.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 7
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:49 am

I parked in her driveway and took a deep breath. I got out and went to the front door, hoping that she would answer it. Instead I was greeted through the screen door by a smaller version of Kala.

She grinned and said, "Hi. I'm Sam. You must be superman. Come on in."

She had a less noticeable accent than Kala. But it was there. And she was just as beautiful as her big sister. She also had that same twinkle in her eye.

She waited until the screen door closed behind me and said, "Nice car."

I smiled and thanked her. Then she said, "Kala and I had a long talk about you last night."

This kid was starting to make me nervous. To make things worse, I suddenly remembered what her sister had said to me on the phone last night about sucking my cock and that she had apparently overheard it. I suddenly blew way past nervous.

She chuckled and said, "Don't worry. I'm not going to rat you out."

Then she said, "Kala wasn't kidding. You're pretty hot."

Just then Kala came in and exclaimed, "Sam! You promised to behave yourself!"

I was relieved when Kala came in. But her mother was right behind her and I was already off balance from talking to Sam. This wasn't going the way I hoped it would.

I tried to act calm as their mother approached. I said, "Hello, Mrs. Wendell. I'm Dean. She smiled and I instantly saw where the girls got their smile from. But I could see that she was sizing me up and I was worried that she would disapprove.

She offered me her hand and I shook it. She chuckled and said, "Not bad! You're meeting your girlfriend's mother for the first time but your palms are dry. You've got grit."

I chuckled at her remark because she was so very wrong if she thought I was feeling confident. I replied, "You have to be kidding! I'm scared to death!"

She laughed and put her arm around my shoulder. She said, "You'll do. Come on in for a minute before you run off with my daughter."

Kala exclaimed, "Mom!"

Her mother laughed and said, "Relax, dear. I'm not going to ask him if his intentions are honorable. I'm just curious. I want to meet the boy you've been talking about for a year."

Kala exploded, "MOM!!"

I couldn't help it. I found myself liking Mrs. Wendell. I smiled at Kala and said, "We aren't in a hurry. She has every right to make sure that I'm not every mother's worst nightmare."

Mrs. Wendell laughed and asked, "And what might that be?"

I smiled and answered, "A teenage boy. But I swear. I'm relatively harmless."

She turned to Kala and said, "He's full of shit. But I think I like him."

She guided me to the kitchen table. Once we were seated she started asking mildly probing questions about me. It was obvious from her questions that she already knew quite a bit. In fact, she knew things that I don't remember telling Kala.

I realized that Kala must have been asking around about me from mutual friends at school. For some reason that made me feel good. I was pleased that she wanted to know about me.

After Kala's mom was more or less certain that I wasn't a rapist or a murderer she asked me what we had planned for today. I told her about the canoe ride to the floating restaurant on the lake that I was going to suggest to Kala and about Kyle and Cass going with us.

Kala said, "Sounds like fun. I'll go put my suit on under my clothes."

After she left her mother looked me right in the eye and said, "You're in love. It scared the hell out of me when I saw Kala's face when she came home last night. I'm not scared now. You have that look, too. I like you. You seem like a nice boy. But be careful. You two are very young."

I said, "Mrs. Wendell, I understand that you're concerned. My mother saw our faces and she's concerned, too. She warned me that if I ever hurt Kala she would kick me out of the house. She likes Kala, too.

"But I can promise you that I will never knowingly do anything to hurt her. I know it doesn't seem possible that two people can fall in love after spending one day together. But I loved her before we went out. I love her smile and her laugh. I love how kind she is and how smart she is. I love everything about her."

Suddenly I was incredible embarrassed for opening up like that and I said, "Oh god! I'm sorry. I don't mean to sound like an idiot."

I sighed and added, "I can't help it. Kala does this to me."

She laughed quietly and said, "Don't feel too bad. You do it to her, too. I was all set to not like you. Every other word out of her mouth since she came home yesterday is Dean. But she was moping over you long before yesterday. She would come home furious with you and ask me what a girl has to do to make a boy talk to her."

I blushed again and asked, "Did she tell you what stupid things came out of my mouth the few times I tried to talk to her? I sounded like I should be locked up for my own safety."

Kala came back in then and said, "If you two don't stop getting along so well I'm going to find another boy to go out with. This is unnatural."

Mrs. Wendell shook my hand again and said, "I'm glad we talked. You two have a good time. And don't let her take advantage of you. You're much too good for her."

I grinned and replied, "I thought the Blarney stone was in Ireland, not Scotland! I know blarney when I hear it!"

She laughed and said, "Now I'm really impressed! An American that has a clue about geography!"

We got up and she pushed Kala and me towards the door. As we stepped outside she said to Kala, "This one's a keeper. If you change your mind about him you can go ahead and hand him down to your little sister. In this instance I don't think she'd mind a hand-me-down."

We said goodbye and I escorted Kala to the car. She was very embarrassed. But after talking her to her mother I was completely at ease. I held the door for her and as soon as she was seated I closed it. I leaned on the door and said, "I love your mother. I think she'd make a good mother-in-law."

Kala smiled and said, "You know, I think you're right."

I explained to Kala that it had been my original intention to take a ride and then spend the day at my house, just the two of us. But Kyle proposed the canoe ride and it sounded like fun. I left the decision up to her.

She thought about it for a couple of minutes and said, "I'm anxious to get another tour of your bedroom. And I really want to be alone with you for a while. But we can do both. Let's do the canoe and lunch thing. Then we can go to your house and ... talk."

Because the shifter on my car is a four on the floor and we were driving around town we weren't able to hold hands. She rested her hand on my upper thigh instead. My reaction was instantaneous.

She noticed the movement in my pants, smiled and said, "It's nice to be appreciated."

I laughed and assured her, "I will always appreciate you. My biggest worry right now is that I'm going to smother you or come on like a stalker. You're all I can think about. I want to be with you every minute of the day."

She squeezed my thigh and said, "Me too! I know that girls are supposed to act cool and play hard to get. But Christ, Dean! All I could think about when I got home last night and nearly all night long was your kiss and your touch and being in your arms. And how sexy you are and how exciting it was to suck your cock. But more than anything else I just wanted your arms around me. It really sucks being sixteen."

I replied, "Yeah. But it sucked worse being fifteen. At least now we can go out in the car and park somewhere or ... I don't know, just be together. We'll be able to go to Cass's house when her husband is out of town. Cass said he travels for a week every couple of months, sometimes more. But it will be a long time before we can spend a night together."

Just before we got to my house I said, "My mother really likes you ... a lot."

She smiled and said, "I like her a lot, too. She's really cool. And I couldn't believe my mom! You're the third boy I've brought to my house. I can't go out with a boy unless my mother or father meets him. She absolutely hated the first two and she isn't the kind of woman to hide something like that. I was scared to death that she would run you off. When I saw you two together I couldn't believe it! She actually likes you!"

I said, "It must be fate. I was thinking about that this morning. Maybe that was why I didn't have the balls to talk to you for a year. We were meant to get together now."

She smiled and cupped my crotch. She said, "Oh no, Dean. You may have been shy. But you definitely have the balls."

I parked in my driveway and said, "I'll call them and see what time they want to leave. I need to put my trunks on."

As soon as the front door closed behind us I took Kala into my arms and hugged her as hard as I could without breaking her. We stood in the foyer like that for the longest time. We didn't speak. We didn't even kiss. We weren't groping each other. We just held each other and enjoyed being desperately in love.

I could have stayed like that for the rest of the day. But I felt Kala shaking and I pulled back to see what was wrong. She was crying! I was scared to death that I had held her too tightly. I kissed her and asked, "What's wrong? Did I hurt you?"

Then she was laughing and crying at the same time. She smiled through her tears and said, "I'm sorry, Dean. I can't help it. I love you so much it hurts."

Then she threw her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately. I returned her kiss and as we kissed I could taste her tears. I suppose it's weird. But I understood. I feel the same way. I haven't cried since I was an infant. But I felt so emotional at that moment that I had to fight back the urge.

I couldn't let her see me like that, though. I pulled myself together and kissed her cheeks and her neck and ran my fingers through her soft, blonde hair. I said, "I understand. But you have to quit that. Seeing tears in your eyes is killing me!"

She rested her forehead against my chest and quietly said, "Give me a year or two. I'll get over it."

I said, "Come on. There must be a box of tissue somewhere in this house."

We went up to my room and I sat her down in front of my computer. I placed a box of tissue beside her. She wiped her eyes and blew her nose. I opened the file and showed her the pictures we took yesterday.

While she was going through them I called next door and told them we were going with them. I asked what time they wanted to go and if they wanted to go in my car. The answers were right away and yes. So I quickly changed into my trunks.

I turned around to find Kala smiling at me and ignoring the photographs. She said, "I love your ass."

I laughed and said, "I love yours, too. I would show you how much but they're on the way over."

We went downstairs. While we were waiting for Kyle and Cass I put some drinks in a cooler. I grabbed a bottle of sun block. Then I hunted up a canvas bag to put our things in.

After that I took Kala back into my arms. We held each other tight and kissed affectionately. My cock was hard. But there's nothing I can do about that. It seems to stay hard when I'm around Kala, or when I'm thinking about her.

She felt it pressing against her stomach. She smiled and rubbed her belly against it. She asked, "Are you sure you want to go on a canoe ride?"

I laughed and said, "Less and less every second. But if we stop what we're doing every time you give me an erection we'll never get anything done."

She responded, "Maybe not. But I've been thinking about doing this since the last time I did it. Don't move."

She dropped to her knees and pulled my trunks down to my ankles. She had just started to suck on my cock when the front door opened. We knew that it was Kyle and Cass. So Kala didn't even miss a beat.

They came in and stood on either side of us for a moment before Cass came closer and leaned up against me. She began to run her hand over my stomach and then she reached down and teased my balls without saying a word.

Kyle watched for a moment longer before dropping down behind Kala and running his hands over her sexy body. He wedged a hand between her thighs and applied a gentle pressure to her pussy while his other hand reached up under her t-shirt. He pushed her bikini bra up over her breasts and began to tease her nipples, lightly pinching and pulling on them.

In response to what Kyle was doing, Kala began to moan around my hard cock. Between Kala and Cass I didn't have a chance. I came far too quickly. I warned Kala that it was coming. But she just moaned again and sucked even more enthusiastically until my cock exploded in her mouth.

I planned to offer to return the favor as soon as I caught my breath. But she was so turned on by what she was doing and by what Kyle was doing to her that when I came in her mouth, as hard as it is to believe, she came, too!

She held the end of my cock in her mouth and gazed up at me with love in her eyes. Before I could say a word, Cass bent down and gently pulled Kala's lips from my cock. They kissed for a minute before Cass asked, "It's even more fun the second time, isn't it?"

"YES! This time I wasn't scared. I'M A COCKSUCKER! I LOVE IT!"

Kyle got up and helped Kala to her feet. She smiled at him and thanked him for his help. He smiled back and said, "I don't think I've ever heard anyone say that so proudly before. I like that!"

Kyle grabbed the cooler and Kala picked up the canvas bag. I pulled my trunks back up and we went out to my car. I offered to let Kyle pull his truck into the garage. It was parked on the pad in front of the garage. We decided earlier that he shouldn't park next door when he came to visit Cass, just in case the neighbors start to take an interest in us.

I put our things in the trunk while he pulled his truck into the garage. Then we got into my car. I offered to let Kyle drive. It probably seemed like a generous offer since he's been nearly as anxious to drive it as I have and since I have been looking forward to this moment for years.

He smiled and said, "I know why you want me to drive. You want to get your hands on Kala. Sorry dude. I'm having just as much fun with Cass. I'll drive your "fucking race car" some other time."

Cass raised an eyebrow at his choice of words. Kyle and I aren't that careful about our language around the girls. We frequently refer to the various body parts and sexual functions by their vulgar terms. But as a general rule we don't use obscene language gratuitously outside of sexual situations.

Kyle explained that he was using my mother's descriptive term and she realized he was only using it to tease me.

I started the car. As soon as she heard that powerful motor running Cass exclaimed, "Holy shit! Now I know what your mother was talking about."

I laughed and said, "Wait until I can get a pair of Thrush glasspacks on it. THAT is a sweet sound!"

Cass sounded a bit skeptical when she said, "Just don't drive it like it sounds. I want to live to have grandchildren."

I drove to the lake at a sedate pace. I was in no hurry. I enjoy driving my car and I enjoy having Kala's hand on my thigh. I returned the favor on the longer stretches of road when I didn't need to change gears frequently.

I told Cass and Kyle about meeting Kala's mom and how well we got along. Cass bragged about all the sex they had this morning. Then she sat back and said sadly, "It's really going to suck when you find a girl, Kyle. I've already lost Dean after just a couple of days. I mean it. This has been the most exciting week of my life!"

Kala turned in her seat and said, "You didn't lose Dean! You gained me!"

I could see Cass in my mirror. She smiled and said, "That was fun. Wasn't it?"

Kala smiled in agreement.

Kyle asked, "What was fun?"

Cass turned to him with a teasing smile and told him what he missed yesterday after he went to work.

He listened in awe. I could see him trying to picture it in his mind as she described it. I laughed and said, "I have some great pictures, man. I wish you could have been there, though. There was no one to take pictures of Kala's first blowjob. You should have seen her. She was great."

Kala turned to smile at Kyle and said, "But I guess that Dean can get some good pictures when I suck your cock for the first time, if Cass doesn't mind."

Cass laughed and said, "I'm sure that between the three of you I'll get mine. I'm not worried."

I asked her when Don was coming home. She sighed and said, "So far the schedule calls for me to pick him up at the airport on Sunday afternoon. But when Ricky came over on Monday he said that there was a deal in the works that Don might have to close on before he could come home. That would take him to Atlanta the following week.

"He might not be home for another week now. I feel bad because I'm not as upset about that as I should be.

"It's funny. I never realized I was a slut. Not until I met you, Dean. I've enjoyed being used by Ricky every couple of weeks. But I've always been able to convince myself that I was doing what I had to do and that he was more or less raping me. I knew it wasn't really like that. But that was what I told myself to ease my conscience. The truth is, as much as I love my husband, our sexless marriage is really getting me down."

"But after I spent Monday and Tuesday with you two guys and had such a great time I could no longer tell myself that I was a poor, innocent victim of sexual abuse. I don't know. Maybe I should leave him. He won't even talk about his lack of a sex drive. Now that I know how much excitement I'm missing I can't go back to living the way I was."

We arrived at the canoe rental kiosk at High Point just then. I put the top up and locked the car. We carried our things down to the rental booth.

I rented two canoes for the afternoon. Kyle and I do this fairly often. We rent a canoe or a couple of kayaks and paddle around the lake for a few hours. The paddling is great exercise and relaxing at the same time. We've started doing it even more often since Kyle got his license. It's great not having to bum rides out here.

We've gotten to know the woman at the rental booth well enough to be on a first name basis with her. We introduced her to Kala and Cass and spent a few minutes talking with her. As we always do I told her our float plan. After a brief conversation she handed us the paddles and life preservers.

Kala and Cass were a little nervous, never having been in a canoe before. But as soon as we were moving and they realized that they were probably going to live they really enjoyed it.

We paddled side by side so that we could talk quietly as we made our way down the wooded shoreline. Most of the lake is inside of a state park so there aren't any houses along the shore. There's a small settlement at the far end of the lake that's on private property. But this is a small lake and the power boaters prefer the larger lake that's just twenty miles further up the road. So there's a lot of solitude to be had here.

I asked Cass what Don was like before they married and during the years of their marriage before their problems started seven months ago.

She shrugged and said, "I thought he was a normal, horny teenage boy when we met. He seemed anxious enough to get my pants off when we were dating. And when he finally did he was a pretty good lover. Well, not at first. But he has a nice enough cock and we had a lot of fun learning about sex and our bodies. I've only been with two other guys before him. He didn't seem any different to me."

She sighed and said, "After we got married things began to slow down a little. But that's normal. No honeymoon lasts forever. He could have used a little more imagination. But on the whole I'd say we had a pretty good sex life until seven months ago. Then everything came to a screeching halt.

"At first he started coming home from work totally exhausted. I'd serve dinner and try to help him relax. But nothing I did seemed to help. When we went to bed he was almost always too tired to make love.

Then he started coming home stressed out. Sometimes I wondered if Ricky was doing something at work, putting unreasonable pressure on him. But Don seems to like his job. Whenever I suggest that he look for another job he insists he wants to stay where he is. The problem is that lately he seems to love his job more than he loves me."

No one spoke for a moment. Then Kala suggested cautiously, "Maybe if we got together some evening we could ... I don't know, do something to prime the pump. What do you think he'd do if he saw us the way we were yesterday afternoon? I hear guys get a kick out of that sort of thing."

Kyle laughed and said, "I know what I'd do!"

We all laughed and we all said in unison, "We all know what you'd do!"

Cass smiled and said, "I honestly don't know. It isn't that he doesn't like girls. I know he does. Maybe it would be worth the effort. We would either shock him out of his self imposed abstinence or give him grounds for a divorce."

Then she said, "Kyle. Will you marry me if my husband leaves me?"

Kyle sounded very sincere when he replied, "In a heartbeat!"

I hardly know Don at all. I know him as well as I knew Cass before I began to have sex with her. We've probably spoken a dozen times since they moved in next door. We say good morning and comment on the weather. That's about it.

He's nearly ten years older than me so we don't have much in common. But I suggested, "How about if you host a little cookout the first Saturday after he gets back. We can tell him that while he was away you spent a lot of time with my mom and became friends with us. We could try to get him to relax and get him to open up a little.

"I have to be honest. I can't understand how any man who isn't gay can look at you and not want to have sex with you. But maybe we can get him loaded and find out what his problem is."

Kyle grinned and said, "I can get some pot."

We all turned to look at him. He shrugged and said, "I didn't say I have some. I know a guy! I tried it once at a party. I didn't get much out of it. But your husband went to college. He must have tried it."

Cass said, "I think we should stick with beer and wine. I enjoyed pot in college. But it didn't take much to wipe me out."

We were distracted then as first Kala and then Cass took their clothes off. Once they stripped down to their bikinis they applied a thick coating of sun block to their bodies while Kyle and I stared in awe and paddled just hard enough to maintain movement in the right direction.

They were wearing two of the tiniest bikinis I've ever seen. It looked like they were having a contest to see who could reveal the most flesh. I turned to Kyle and said, "I bet we can get a free lunch out of this!"

He laughed and agreed, "Hell yes! When they see us paddle up to the dock with those two hot chicks for hood ornaments the guys will be fighting over who gets to buy our meals."

Cass laughed and said, "I imagine that Kala and I could eat free. But we'd have to sit at a different table and I'm not sure you'd want us to be nice enough to get them to buy your lunches, too."

We hadn't gone very far before Kala said, "It's very peaceful and pleasant out here. I like it. But I don't like that we have to sit so far apart."

There was a simple solution to that problem. I paddled closer to Kyle's canoe and asked him to steady ours. Once Kyle had a good grip on the bow I told Kala to turn around in her seat and hand me the floatation cushion she was sitting on. I adjusted my seat slightly farther forward to compensate for the weight shift and dropped her cushion between my thighs. Then I told Kala to carefully turn around and sit on the cushion.

Soon I was looking down at her nearly naked body between my legs. She leaned back and her head was resting on my stomach. Her long, slender neck was pressing against my twitching cock.

It would be easier for me to control the canoe now that she had put her paddle up. She really sucked at paddling. We've been on a zigzag course since we left the docks. Anyone watching would have thought we were trying to avoid enemy submarines. But that was not what I considered to be the biggest advantage of traveling like this.

Kala smiled up at me and said, "I like this better, though it's a shame I'm not facing in the other direction."

She took her bra off and coated her snow white tits with sun block.

Cass smiled at Kyle and he nodded. I steadied their canoe while they made the necessary adjustments. When she was settled in she apologized to Kyle saying, "I can't take my top off. I don't want my tits all covered in freckles."

Kyle smiled and said, "Aw, who wants to see those nasty old tits anyway!"

Her response was to turn her head and bite down on his thigh until he apologized.

This turned out to be a much nicer way of traveling. I could look down and see Kala's beautiful tits whenever I wanted. I could even reach down from time to time and tease her nipples.

I began to study them, watching to see how long they would stay hard and I was curious to see if teasing one of them would affect the other. I was having trouble figuring out the rules. Sometimes they would get hard with no help from me. When that happened I wondered if it was a reaction to a sudden light breeze blowing across her chest or something she was thinking.

I didn't really care. I was just curious. In either case it was fun to watch.

We paddled slowly along the shore for more than an hour. It was a very pleasant day on the water and we shared a quiet, intimate conversation. We laughed and teased each other. It was the nicest time I could ever remember having on this lake in all the years we've been coming here.

We came around a bend in the shore and the restaurant was dead ahead. We could see that the decks out over the water were pretty crowded. We were close enough that I imagine any of the people sitting out on the decks who were paying attention got a pretty good look at Kala's boobs.

She giggled and said, "Oops! You should have warned me!"

But she couldn't have been too concerned. She took her sweet time putting her bra back in place as we approached the dock.

It isn't really a floating restaurant. It used to be, about half a century ago. They parked an old paddlewheel steamer here when it was no longer considered sea worthy and turned it into a restaurant that was instantly popular with the locals. It remained there and remained popular for thirty years or so before it burned down one night.

It was missed by a lot of people. It had been a popular place to gather for drinks and meals and during summer vacation the kids flocked to it. It damned near took an act of war, but almost five years after it burned down the family that owned the restaurant managed to get all the necessary waivers and permits and built a replica of the old paddlewheel boat. This time it was actually build on the shore with the façade extending out over the water. It still looked like the old steamer with three decks of outdoor seating looking out over the water and a glass enclosed fourth level for cold or rainy days.

As we approached the dock I spotted a lot of kids that we know from school. I saw Kala blush when she realized that many of those same kids probably just got a very good view of her breasts.

I chuckled and said, "Relax. You have every reason to be proud of those puppies."

She smiled and said, "Oh yeah? Well I think you have a nice dick. Do you want me to pull it out so you can be proud of it?"

There was nothing I could say to that.

We tied up to the dock. There were at least a dozen other canoes and kayaks tied up there already. Almost all of them were rentals from High Point. Most of the restaurant's customers arrived by car, though.

Kyle and I helped Kala and Cass out of the boats and waited while they put their shorts on to the accompanying whistles and catcalls from kids watching us pull up from their seats on the decks.

But it was all in fun and no one got upset. Kala left her t-shirt in the canoe. When Cass realized that she Kala was only wearing her bikini top when we went inside she took her t-shirt off, too. She tossed it into their canoe and we headed for the door with both girls wearing the tiniest bikini tops we've ever seen. It's common practice here in the summer. We knew there would be a lot of girls inside who were dressed similarly. They just wouldn't look as good doing it as these two did.

The hostess took us to a table in the corner of the second level deck. We nodded or said hello to a lot of friends as we made our way through the crowded restaurant. We couldn't have reserved a better table if we'd tried. The view was perfect and yet Cass could be in the shade for a while.

There were four couples at the large table next to ours. They're all friends of ours. Three of the couples were in our class. I grinned at a couple of the teasing compliments that Kala received on her beautiful breasts. Apparently she caused quite a stir in the time it took her to put her top on.

The thing that really surprised both of us, though, was the fact that the two of us being together was causing such a stir among our friends. I never realized that the way I felt about Kala was common knowledge!

Kala and I were both surprised at the stir we caused, and not just because a good number of our friends had just seen her tits. Kyle seemed amused by it too. But Cass was more amused by how embarrassed we were.

We also attracted a lot of attention because of Cass. The guys didn't know her and since she looks young enough to be one of us they wondered if there was going to be a sexy new girl in school next year.

Being seen with Cass really enhanced Kyle's stature among our friends. He's already one of the most popular boys in school. Even so, being seen with a sexy beauty like Cass is still a feather in his cap. But it was more of a peacock feather than an eagle feather. He was obviously proud to be seen with my beautiful and extremely sexy next door neighbor.

Cass was amused by the attention she was receiving. She got a kick out of being taken for a sixteen year old girl.

We enjoyed a nice lunch and relaxed for a while. We fended off questions about Cass's identity, adding greatly to her mystique. We also sat through several embarrassing incidents when friends of Kala's came over and hugged her and told us how happy they were that we were finally together.

Kala was just as surprised as I was by the attention. Kyle chuckled and said, "Come on! Everyone at school knew that you two liked each other and that Dean didn't have the balls to ask you out."

Kala got serious and asked, "Then why didn't you intervene? You're his best friend."

Kyle shrugged and said, "I tried. I knew how he felt about you. But I wasn't sure how you felt about him. I'm just as stupid when it comes to girls as he is. And I knew why he couldn't talk to you. I was there the first few times he tried and went away sounding like a candidate for special education classes."

He looked around at so many of our friends and said wistfully, "And now I'm sitting here with two of the prettiest girls in town and I can't get a date! No offense, Cass. I love you. But I doubt if your husband will let me take you to the prom."

She patted his hand and said, "You have everything going for you, Kyle. You're handsome and popular. I'm sure you can talk your mother into going to the prom with you."

Everyone but Kyle thought that was amusing.

The kids that came to the restaurant in cars hung around most of the afternoon. Those of us who arrived by boat had to be getting back. A lot of us left at about the same time and for the first few minutes it was like a small flotilla of canoes and kayaks. But the four of us hung back. Before long we were alone and Kala was topless again.

As we started to get closer to High Point the same thing was on all of our minds. Soon we'll be at my house and we'll all be naked. The conversation started to get more suggestive. There was a lot of teasing and we were all making sexually explicit comments. That may be the reason that Kala didn't put her top back on until after we tied up at High Point and she was standing on the dock while half a dozen of our classmates watched with open mouths.

Kyle and I helped the girls out of the boats again. Kala took her time putting her bra on while Kyle and I got our things out of the canoes. Kala finished covering her breasts and said with a smile, "You'd think they never saw a tit before!"

I put my arms around her and whispered, "I am so gonna fuck you!"

She giggled and replied, "You bet your ass you are!"

Then she asked, "That turned you on, didn't it? You like it when I do dumb shit like that!"

I blushed and answered, "I could lie and say that it is just because you're so beautiful and sexy and I'm proud of you. But that isn't the entire truth. It did turn me on. And I'm not even sure why."

Cass was listening. She smiled and said, "I'll explain it later."

We turned in our paddles and PFDs and made our way back out to the parking lot. There were half a dozen more kids standing around my car. They saw us approaching and when I opened the trunk one of our friends exclaimed, "This is yours?! No fucking way!"

I smiled proudly and got in and put the top down. One of the guys said, "Dude! I was watching a car auction on TV a couple of weeks ago. A car like this went for, geez, I don't remember. It was at least a couple hundred thousand dollars! Where the hell did you get this?"

I told them that it had been my father's car and he had it in storage all this time. They were speechless. We finally said goodbye and I got us out of there. We were anxious to get home and let the games begin.

Kala waited until we were on the road and her hand was back in my lap before she asked, "Is this car really worth a couple hundred thousand?"

I shrugged and answered, "I don't know. I never tried to find out. I know they didn't make many of them and most of the ones they made have been wrecked. It's probably worth quite a bit. Dad only paid two thousand when he bought it. But when he restored it he was careful to keep all the major parts original. The upholstery has been replaced. But it was redone in the original style. It hasn't had any bodywork done. It was repainted. But they did it in the original colors. It looks just like it did when it came off the showroom floor."

She was quiet for a while. Then she exclaimed, "Damn! My parents only paid half that for our house!"

I laughed and said, "Yeah. But if they bought your house when my dad bought this car they could probably have gotten your house for less than fifty thousand."
Chapter 8
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 8
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:51 am

It was almost three in the afternoon when we got to my house. My mom would be working late tonight so I had the evening free. Kyle was off so he could stay until late. Cass was, of course, available to play. The only question was how long could Kala stay. We went out onto the patio and had a drink while she called her mother and asked if she could stay for dinner again.

She was surprised when her mother agreed quickly, only warning her not to make a pest of herself. When she joined us on the patio she said, "Wow! You really made an impression on her! I probably could have gotten permission to spend the night if I'd asked!"

I laughed and said, "Go ahead. I'll wait."

We went upstairs and split up to take showers. Cass and Kyle used my parent's shower. Kala and I showered in my bathroom.

We were looking at the pictures from yesterday when they rejoined us. We all thought the pictures were hot. But when Kyle saw the pictures of Cass and Kala together he was stunned. He muttered, "Oh my god!" over and over as the slide show moved slowly through the dozens of pictures of the two beautiful women touching and kissing and rubbing their sexy bodies together. And when they moved into a sixty-nine he groaned and said, "I can die a happy man now."

Cass was sitting in his lap. She enjoyed the pictures nearly as much as Kyle did. But she was also amused by his reaction. She said, "Maybe you should see the real thing if you think it's that exciting."

She and Kala grinned at each other and slid out of our laps, eager to repeat the things that brought them so much pleasure yesterday. They held hands and crossed the room to my bed. They stood beside my bed and began to hug and kiss and caress each other.

Cass suggested, "Let's have some fun, get the guys all turned on, and then go home."

Kala laughed and said, "I'll admit that idea appeals to my inner bitch. But I can't do that to Dean."

Kyle and I stood back out of the way and watched them make love again. This time there was none of the hesitation they exhibited yesterday. They weren't self conscious about being together or being watched. Their coupling lacked the excitement that we all felt when they did this for the first time. But they were completely natural and uninhibited and as a result their show may have been slightly more erotic than it was yesterday. I'm not sure. It's hard to decide. I just know that watching them took my breath away.

After they got into position for another sixty-nine, Kyle and I went over and sat down on either side of them on the bed. We began to help out where we could, caressing whichever body parts we were able to access without interfering.

They seemed to enjoy the added stimulation. But Kyle and I were nothing but a pleasant distraction. They were all wrapped up in their own pleasure. It was incredibly erotic to watch.

I felt more than the excitement of watching two women making love to each other. I also felt my heart swell with pride that the beautiful woman that was on top right at the moment was my girl. She loves me as much as I love her. And seeing her like this, and earlier with Kyle, thinking about how open and free she is, how playful and how sensual and open minded, I knew that I had an exciting life ahead of me.

It wasn't much longer before the girls started experiencing the reward for all of their hard work. Kala gave out with a muffled scream right into Cass's pussy. That seemed to set Cass off and they both started having a series of screaming orgasms. It was amazing to watch. It was almost enough to make you want to borrow a vagina for a day and take it for a test drive. I couldn't even imagine having one orgasm right after another like that.

No. On second thought, I couldn't fully appreciate a vagina if I had one. To truly appreciate that particular body part you have to be a male. I guess it's better this way.

We watched them experience a series of pretty violent orgasms before Kala rolled over onto her back. The two of them lay there side by side, holding hands, panting, and laughing quietly at nothing in particular.

I bent down and kissed Kala's soft wet lips. Between gentle, loving kisses I licked Cass's juices from her face. I could see Kyle doing the same thing to Cass.

Kala put her arms around my neck and held me close. She smiled and said, "I adore you, you fucking pervert."

I laughed and said, "Look who's calling whom a pervert! You're the pervert that just ate another girl's pussy!"

She bit down on my lip and then she said, "Yes. And it was delicious! Now I want to suck Kyle's cock. I'm curious to see if it's different. Do you mind?"

We kissed again and I asked, "Do you know what I've learned about myself this week?"

She shook her head.

"I have gotten one hell of an education, thanks mainly to Cass. But I learned two things that really surprised me. There is a lot of voyeur in me. I honestly didn't know that. And I don't seem to get jealous. I didn't know that either.

"I got turned on when I watched you have sex with Kyle. I got turned on when I realized that a bunch of our classmates saw your tits today when we came paddling up to the restaurant. I enjoyed the hell out of the way you took your sweet time putting your top on when we got back to High Point. And I can't wait to see you with Kyle's hard cock in your mouth. I hope you enjoy the hell out of it. I'm going to."

She kissed me and asked, "Are you going to take pictures?"

I asked, "Would you prefer photographs or a movie?"

She giggled like a girl and responded, "I want to make a dirty movie!"

Kyle and Cass were listening to us making plans. Kyle sighed and said to Cass, "Isn't it terrible the way they take us for granted?"

She laughed and said, "We ought to tell their parents how rude they are."

I held Kala tight and said to Kyle, "Well, if you don't want a blowjob I guess you can record her sucking me off."

Cass reached over and rested her hand on Kala's belly just above her pussy. She began teasing Kala's pussy with her fingertips and said to Kyle, "It isn't her fault. It's obvious that she wasn't raised right. I guess you should go ahead and let the little slut blow you. We'll teach her some manners later."

Kala and I were trying not to laugh. Kala finally said, "I'm so blessed. Kyle is going to let me suck his cock! Can I borrow your phone? I want to call all my friends and let them know how lucky I am."

I laughed and said, "Don't forget to call your mom. She'll be so happy for you."

Kyle sighed loudly and said, "She used to be such a nice girl. I never realized what a bad influence Dean is."

I sat up and helped Kala to sit up. I asked, "Does anyone want something to drink? We have ice water, iced tea, Coke, ginger ale, and juice."

We decided to go downstairs and take a short break before Kala and Kyle made their film debut. We put on our shorts and trooped downstairs bare-chested. Kala helped me serve drinks and we sat around the kitchen table and talked, mostly about jealousy and voyeurism.

Cass has never claimed to be an expert on any sexual subject. But lately, sex has been on her mind a lot and in her opinion, most men have a lot of voyeur in them. She was of the opinion that women unwittingly encourage that by dressing in revealing clothing while acting as if they get upset if men look at them like sex objects. On the other hand, in her opinion, men are just as prone to jealousy as women; maybe even more so.

She said that she'd never thought much about it until recently when she began to worry about her husband finding out about Ricky. She isn't sure how she would have felt about her husband having sex with another woman if she found out about it a week ago. She would probably have been furious, especially since he isn't fucking her more than twice a month if she's lucky.

But her attitude about a lot of things has changed this week. When we suggested earlier that she invite us over to try to jump start her husband she tried to imagine him with Kala. She was surprised to find that the idea kind of turned her on. But there's another benefit to be accrued if her husband has sex with Kala. If he does that he can't be quite so upset if he finds out about Ricky.

I looked at Kala and asked, "How do you feel about the way that we all seem to be lining up men for you to have sex with?"

She chuckled and replied, "I don't know if it will last. I hope it does. I'm feeling a little bit sex crazy in the last couple of days. I think this must be what it's like to be a boy. It's like you've given me permission and it's okay for me to experiment and experience all these new things without anyone getting hurt. I should probably be worried about what you'll think of me later. But I trust you. I really don't think you're going to hold what we do against me later."

I smiled and said, "I do have something I want to hold against you."

She got up from her chair and sat down in my lap. She put her arm around my neck and said, "I want you to hold that against me for the rest of my life."

Cass sighed and said, "Watching you two together is what really makes me jealous. I would give anything to be loved the way you love each other."

Kyle said, "I think that I have three of the best friends a guy could ever have. But I've never had a real girlfriend. It didn't bother me so much until I saw you two together. In the last few days I've been getting lucky more than anyone I know, except for Dean of course. But I'd like to feel about someone the way you two feel about each other. I'd like to look into a girl's eyes and see her looking back at me the way Kala looks at you."

I turned to Kyle and said, "You know, your truck is finished. You could cut back to one job. You'd have a lot more time for a social life if you only had one part time job."

"I've thought about it. It isn't like I love my jobs. But my parents can't afford to help with my insurance. And I need to save all I can for college. I'm not going to live the life my parents have. Don't get me wrong. I love my parents. They've worked hard all their lives and they bend over backwards to help me all they can. I've never gone to bed hungry and I've always known that I was loved. I have nothing but respect for them. But I'm going to do whatever I have to do to get an education and make a decent life for my family the way your parents have done for you."

He saw the surprised look on my face. He sounded so emotional. I thought he was happy!

He smiled and said. "That wasn't aimed at you. I don't begrudge you your life and the things you have. I'm happy for you. You and your folks have always treated me like one of the family. Your dad and mom are like my second set of parents. They've been a good example for me. They've worked hard for everything they got and they've given you a good life. But they didn't spoil you. Well, not much anyway. You're okay for a rich kid."

I threw a kitchen towel at him and said to Kala, "Remember, baby, later when you're sucking his cock ... lots of teeth. He likes lots of biting."

Cass asked, "What does your dad do, Kyle?"

"He works at Carson's. He had leukemia when he was in the seventh grade and missed a year of school. He went into remission and went back to finish the seventh grade. Then, just after he started the ninth grade he had a relapse. By the time he went back into remission he had missed two and a half years of school. He got fed up and quit.

"So he only has an eighth grade education. When he first quit school he signed up for a course at tech to learn how to be a welder. But right after classes started they called him in and said that the Government stopped funding the program and they closed it down.

"Now he works as a yardman at the lumber yard. He's an artist with tools. He taught me everything I know. That truck I drive, I built that, with dad's help. But basically he does odd jobs for not much more than minimum wage with no benefits and no future."

As an afterthought he laughed and added, "Dean helped me with the truck, too. We've been best friends for years so I enjoy having him around. But his favorite saying is that he's better at fetching a wrench than turning it. The truth is, it's a good thing he has a brain. If he had to rely on his skill with a wrench he could never support Kala."

Cass smiled and said, "It sounds like your father has made the best of a hard life. You have to admire a man like that."

"I do. I'm very proud of him. But I hope never to have my kids lie in bed at night and listen to their parent's at the kitchen table trying to figure out how to make four hundred dollars cover eight hundred dollars worth of bills."

I felt awful. I knew they weren't well off. And I knew his father was sick when he was young. But Kyle never talked about their money problems or how sick his father had been.

Kyle was embarrassed that he had opened up like that. He started to get up. He said, "I'd better go. I didn't mean piss on the party like that. I'm sorry."

Kala jumped up and said, "Bullshit!"

Kyle looked at her in shock.

She stood there with her hands on her hips and said, "You aren't leaving here until I've sucked your cock!"

I leaned back and said, "If you try to leave I'll hit the alarm on the garage doors. If you don't key in the numbers they won't open. So sit your lazy ass down. You don't leave until Kala says you can leave."

He was still blushing. He looked around and said, "I'm sorry, guys. I didn't mean to..."

I sat up and said, "Kyle, I'm your best friend. Why have you never told me any of that before?"

He shrugged and said, "It's embarrassing. And you know how people are. They'd want to help you out and my dad would rather die than take charity, especially from his friends."

I shook my head and said, "I didn't say I wanted to help. But you know how much I love a good soap opera."

He looked me in the eye, smiled and growled, "Asshole! And by the way, I know the code for your alarm."

Kala went over and straddled his legs. She sat in his lap facing him and leaned her body up against him. She kissed him lightly and with a straight face she said, "And now I'm one of your best friends. I don't want to help you either. I just want to suck your cock."

Cass smiled and said, "Kyle. I like you too much to be one of your best friends, if that's what your best friends are like. You're just a sex object to me."

Kyle slumped down in his chair and said, "I knew I could count on you guys."

Kala leaned forward and pressed her tits against his face. Over her shoulder she asked, "Are you guys ready to make a movie?"

Kyle mumbled something into her breasts but we ignored him. Cass and I got to our feet and I said, "I'm always ready for a dirty movie. Don't smother your co-star."

Kala stopped smothering Kyle with her boobs. She leaned down and kissed him on the tip of his nose and in a cute, little girl voice she asked, "Wanna pway wif me?"

We all returned to my bedroom. But just as we were going in I had a sudden inspiration. I told them not to start yet. I went down the hall to my parent's computer room and dug out the movie camera. I checked to make sure the battery was charged and put a blank disk in it. Then I went back and joined the others.

I showed Cass how to operate the movie camera. I picked up my Nikon and said, "Ready on the set!"

Kala and Kyle were sitting side by side on my bed. Kala smiled. She was ready. But Kyle looked a little uncomfortable with the cameras pointed at him. I chuckled and said, "Don't worry, man. They say the camera adds ten pounds to you. It will probably look like you have a full grown dick."

They both laughed and he exclaimed, "Fuck you!"

Then they started making out while Cass and I recorded it for history. I watched Kyle's hands moving over the sexy body of the girl I love and even after the discussion we just had downstairs about voyeurism and jealousy I was surprised at how exciting it was for me.

Kala glanced up to check my reaction. I smiled and winked and with that she knew I was enjoying this as much as she was.

Kyle stood her up and just about tore her shorts off. He leaned forward, kissed her pussy and ran his tongue through her moist slit. Then he stood up and took his own shorts off.

I noticed that Cass wasn't just filming them. She was also filming me taking pictures of them. I hadn't thought of that. But once I realized what she was doing I thought it was a good idea for a movie. I couldn't wait to see it. That probably sounds strange since it was happening right in front of me. But I knew the movie was going to be hot.

Kyle and Kala stretched out on the bed and explored each other's bodies while kissing passionately. It was soon obvious that they were both extremely turned on and had all but forgotten about Cass and me.

Kala finally pushed Kyle over onto his back and began to kiss her way down his body while her hand held and lightly teased his hard cock. There had been no sounds for a long time now. Nothing but moans of pleasure and heavy breathing. But this movie required no dialogue.

I moved around the bed getting pictures from every angle, pausing briefly to take my own shorts off. My cock was so hard it couldn't stand being cooped up. And as soon as they were finished I intended to throw Cass down on that bed and fuck her half to death.

I got into position for some good close-ups as Kala prepared to take Kyle's cock into her mouth for the first time. She held it up and smiled into the camera for a few seconds before she closed her lips down over the head of his drooling cock. I loved the look of excitement on her face.

Kyle shivered and moaned in pleasure. I pretty much ignored him, though. I was much more interested in Kala's reactions. It was hard to tell with her mouth full like that. But it looked like she was really enjoying it, too. She probably wasn't enjoying it as much as Kyle was. But she was having fun.

I took a dozen or more pictures of my girlfriend sucking my best friend's cock. Then I moved around the bed to record her second best feature. She was kneeling on the bed with her ass up in the air and her legs slightly spread. I could see her perfect ass and her obviously aroused pussy. I really had to fight the temptation to put the camera down and fill that beautiful pussy with my hard cock.

I did reach out, though, and gently run my finger through her moist opening. Then I had an inspiration. I stepped back and took the movie camera from Cass. I whispered some instructions to her. She smiled and when I was ready she took her shorts off and got into position behind Kala. She leaned down and began to tease Kala's ass and then her pussy while Kala took more of Kyle's cock into her mouth than I would have thought possible.

Even after all of the sex that we've been enjoying this week, Kyle couldn't hold out very long. He didn't warn Kala when he was about to cum. But it was obvious. He filled her mouth with cum, groaning loudly and swearing under his breath. It was only seconds later that Kala came, pushing her ass back against Cass's face and crying out while she held Kyle's still hard cock up and caressed it with her face.

I finally couldn't take any more. I put the camera down and picked Cass up. I smiled and asked, "Are you as turned on as I am?"

"No. Girls don't get like that. But you may use my body if you must."

Kala laughed and sat up. Kyle moved out of the way. As soon as there was enough room I dropped Cass onto the bed beside them and hurriedly scrambled over her. There was no kissing, no licking, no additional foreplay. We both needed to fuck and no one needed to be convinced.

Kala reached between us and guided my cock to Cass's opening. Then she curled up between Kyle's legs and played with his soft cock while they watched us fuck like rabbits.

I wasn't paying much attention to them. But out of the corner of my eye I saw Kala lean down and lick Kyle's cock a couple of times before taking it into her mouth and sucking on it again. I guess it's safe to assume that she enjoys sucking his cock, too.

I fucked Cass with long slow strokes at first. We looked into each other's eyes and smiled. I said, "I owe you a lot, Cass. I love you."

She glanced over at Kala to see her reaction. Kala took her mouth off of Kyle's cock and said, "It's okay, Cass. I love you, too."

Cass groaned and started moving her hands over my body. She said, "Sixteen years old! I wish my husband was half the man you are ... you or Kyle."

I would like to be able to say that Cass enjoyed several orgasms and then I came. But she had more stamina than I did after watching and filming the sex show that Kala and Kyle and then she put on while I recorded it. I came first. But after I caught my breath I got up on my knees and started teasing her clit with my tongue.

She was self conscious at first and tried to push my head away. She said, "No. Don't do that. Let me clean up first."

I laughed quietly and said, "Hell, Cass! You think I don't know what a nasty cunt you are?!"

She laughed and said, "Fuck you! Go ahead and eat my nasty pussy!"

I breathed on her well fucked cunt and said, "Maybe I can work my way up to that. For now you're going to have to settle for this."

I went back to teasing her clit with my lips and tongue and probed her beautiful pussy with two fingers. This time she relaxed and let me bring her to orgasm.

When I was done, or rather when she was done, I kissed her drooling pussy and sat up on my heels.

Kala said, "That was so sweet! I knew there was something that I liked about you!"

Kyle said, "You're lucky. After all these years I still haven't figured out why I let him hang around with me."

I looked over at Kala and said, "I don't see any blood."

She didn't understand what I meant so I explained. "Remember when we were talking downstairs? I told you. Kyle likes lots of teeth with his blowjobs. If you don't draw blood he isn't satisfied."

She smiled and said, "Next time I'll try harder to please him."

I took the disk out of the movie camera and put it in my DVD player. We all got comfortable on my queen size bed and watched the movie we just made. It came out very well. Maybe it wasn't artistic, but it was very erotic.

The movie wasn't followed by another round of sex. We were all exhausted. Instead of more sex we went downstairs and went skinny dipping for a while. We didn't do a lot of swimming. We just floated around at about the five foot mark and enjoyed the cool water. I held Kala in my arms and Kyle did the same with Cass. The conversation was light and we had a good time not doing much of anything.

Cass was watching the time. She was expecting a call from her husband at around six. She got dressed and went home at five forty-five. Before she left she invited us over at six thirty. We all decided earlier that we were going to order pizza.

We had forty-five minutes to kill. We were all mildly horny and I was about to suggest that Kyle and I gang up on Kala. But as soon as the thought crossed my mind I felt guilty. Cass would appreciate being a part of our evening orgy.

It was kind of weird, though. Here I was feeling guilty because I was thinking of having sex with my girlfriend without waiting until the woman next door could join us.

Still, there wasn't any reason why we couldn't get warmed up. I began to tease Kala's sexy body, playing with her breasts, teasing her nipples and rubbing my hard cock through the space between her legs.

I invited Kyle to join me. We both groped her for a few minutes. Then I said to him, "Remember what we did to Cass the other day? When we tied her to the coffee table and blindfolded her? Let's do that to Kala later. I still have all that stuff in the bag. I'll bring the camera and Cass can record the action while we rape her ass."

I was watching Kala's face while I made the suggestion to Kyle. She was already excited from having four male hands roaming her body. When she heard what I had planned for her I saw her eyes get big and her nostrils flare. Her face got red and looked almost like she was about to have an orgasm just from the suggestion!

Kyle leaned closer and lightly nipped at her neck before he said, "Yeah! Let's rape the bitch! You should fuck her ass, get her broken in. Then we can both fuck her at the same time. I've always wanted to try that. I think she'd really hate having a cock in her ass and a cock in her cunt at the same time. She'd probably beg us to let her go."

I've never been particularly excited by the concept of anal sex. I've never tried it, of course. I never tried anything before having sex with Cass for the first time four days ago. But I could picture the two of us fucking Kala at the same time and the image was pretty hot in my head.

It was obvious from her expression that at least the mental image appealed to her, too. She probably wouldn't care as much for the painful reality. I understand that anal sex can be quite a pain in the ass. But the idea of being taken by two guys like that was turning her on.

There doesn't seem to be much that doesn't turn her on. That isn't a complaint. I love that about her.

I reached around and worked my fingers into the crevice between Kala's ass cheeks. I pressed the tip of my middle finger against her asshole. She shuddered in excitement. There was fear there, too. But she was interested.

I grinned at Kyle and said, "It sure would make a hot movie to show our kids in twenty years."

We finally got out of the pool and dried off. Kyle went ahead while I put a new disk in the camera and dug my bag of tricks out of hiding.

When we were ready I started to walk Kala next door. I stopped in the foyer and put my bag down. I turned and took Kala into my arms and looked into her eyes. She waited for me to say something. She could see that something was bothering me.

I finally asked the question that occurred to me suddenly and scared the hell out of me. "Is all of this too much? Have I made a mistake? Are you going to come to your senses and decide that you're too good for a freak like me and that I've lured you into a destructive relationship?"

She leaned closer and put her arms around me. She pressed her head against my chest and said, "I might have those concerns if you didn't worry like that. When I see how much you care I don't worry. I know you love me and you won't hurt me."

I kissed the top of her head and said, "That brings up something else. When Kyle was talking about fucking your pretty little ass and then both of us doing you at the same time it was kind of exciting. But I'm not really into butt fucking. I've never tried it. But it doesn't really interest me. I'll admit that when he was saying it and I pictured you between us like that it was exciting. But it would hurt you and it might even harm you. How badly did you have your heart set on that? I saw that it excited you."

She exhaled loudly and exclaimed, "That's such a relief! When we were in the pool and you guys were feeling me up and I was all hot and bothered I guess I got the same mental picture you did. You're right. It was hot. And if you want me to do it I will. I'll do anything for you. But if you leave it up to me, I'd just as soon keep that particular orifice as an exit."

I hugged her tighter and exclaimed, "Don't do that to me! Don't let anyone make you do anything you don't want to do! And don't be afraid to yell stop if something that I'm doing or anyone else is doing is something you aren't comfortable doing. If you decide that from now on you only want to fuck in the dark wearing your nightgown and only in the missionary position, that's what we'll do. I'll hate it. But you have more right to your body than I do."

"Yeah. That sounds sexy!

"Dean, I love you and I love everything that we've done together. I trust you. And I'm willing to try new things. I'm even willing to try Kyle's suggestion if that turns you on. I already admitted that when I pictured myself between you two it turned me on. Maybe I should try it before ruling it out. But to be honest, the idea of getting fucked in the ass really doesn't appeal to me."

I said, "Then we're agreed. I'll fuck your pussy and Kyle will have to settle for your ear."

She laughed and said, "Only if he uses a lubricant!"

I picked up the bag again and we started for the door. Then I stopped and asked, "What about the ropes and the blindfold? Was that just to please me, too?"

"No. That's to please me."

We went next door. We walked in without knocking and joined them in the living room. Cass spotted my bag of tricks and smiled. She turned to Kala and said, "You're going to love this. I've never been tied up and blindfolded before. I don't know how Dean knew. But Christ that was exciting!"

Kala blushed and said, "When I saw the pictures of you tied up and blindfolded I almost came in my pants."

But then she thought back and asked, "Or was I naked then?"

Cass shook her head and exclaimed, "What a bunch of freaks!"

Cass asked our preferences and ordered a couple of pizzas.

While we were waiting for the pizza to be delivered she told us that Ricky called her just before we arrived. He informed her that Don was not coming home for another week because he had been sent to Atlanta. He also informed her that he would be coming to see her tomorrow.

Cass told us that he would be here at eleven and asked us if we were still interested in meeting him. She reminded us that he's a big guy and he likes his sex rough. But there's no denying that we all found the pictures I took on Monday very arousing. And yes, he is rough. But he didn't hurt Cass or do anything really weird.

I looked at Kala. She smiled and said, "Master. Your wish is my command."

I took that to mean that she was interested. So I told Cass we'd be there.

Cass smiled and said to Kala, "When he sees your sweet, young ass he's going to have a fucking heart attack!"

Kala smiled and said, "I don't know why he would even notice me with you around. But if he does it might be interesting."

Cass laughed and said, "You lying sack of shit! Hell! You even give me a hard on! That old man is going to be all over your ass!"

I turned to Kyle and said, "That brings up another point, Kyle. We talked it over and decided that although the concept is exciting we think that double penetration thing is best left to the professionals."

We had to explain Kyle's suggestion to Cass. She shrugged and said, "I don't mind anal sex. If you do it right it can be exciting. But I know I'm in the minority. Most women don't care for it. I guess it's for the best since most guys are too stupid to do it right."

Kala asked, "How do you do it right?"

Cass explained that Ricky liked to do it sometimes. She was terrified the first time he made her do it. But he greased her up thoroughly and spent a long time stretching her out first with his fingers. It had been uncomfortable for her when he finally fucked her. But there was no real pain.

The thing she got out of it was the mental stimulation of being used that way for a man's pleasure. They've only done it three times. She never reaches orgasm that way. But the last time he fucked her that way he reached around and played with her tits and her pussy while he fucked her and she kind of enjoyed it. If he had done that sooner she thinks she might have had an orgasm.

In response to Kala's questions Cass explained, "It feels like you're being stretched and it feels like you have to go to the bathroom. But there aren't any lasting effects. Fifteen minutes after he's finishes with me I'm back to normal. There's no need for diapers or a trip to the emergency room. It isn't my favorite way of getting fucked. But there is a side of me that gets off on being used that way by a strong, forceful, dominant man."

Kala thought about that for a moment and asked, "What do you suppose it would be like if someone was fucking your pussy at the same time?"

She thought about it a minute and said, "I don't know. But I'd be willing to give it a shot. If they were careful I think I might like it."

We sat around and talked a little more, mostly about Ricky, until the pizza arrived. I went to the door to get it but before I could pay the guy, Cass pushed me out of the way and handed him a check.

We sat around the coffee table that we tied Cass to and ate pizza and laughed and joked. We all really fit together well. It's hard to believe that Cass is eight years older than we are. She's just like one of us kids.

I wasn't very hungry. I ate one slice and then sat back and sipped my iced tea while the others ate. Kala finished a few minutes later. She stretched out on the couch with her head in my lap and we watched Cass and Kyle put away most of the remaining pizza.

Cass explained that she always eats a lot after she has a lot of sex. She needs to replace the calories she expends.

We, well, I watched them eat. By the time they finished eating Kala was asleep in my lap! I let her sleep and the three of us talked quietly for a little longer. We decided to postpone the bondage and rape session that we were planning for Kala. I finally woke her up. We said good night to Cass and Kyle and I took her home at seven thirty. I left the bag containing the rope, scarf and clothespins at Cass's house and took the camera with me when we left.

It had been a long day. But we sure had a lot of fun.

I drove Kala home and walked her to the door. We were saying goodnight when her father came to the door and invited me to come in so he could meet me. Kala warned me earlier that he looks very stern but that he's really a pussycat. Her word, not mine.

Kala introduced us. He certainly did look stern. But he seemed pleased that I had his daughter home so early. Mrs. Wendell was standing nearby and I said hello. Mr. Wendell said, "My wife tells me that you are a decent young man and I'm to be nice to you, or else."

I smiled and responded, "That's a relief. I was afraid that I was going to have to make a good first impression. You know how difficult that can be!"

Kala, Sam and their mother all laughed at my response. And then Mr. Wendell actually smiled and put his arm around my shoulder. He shook his head and said, "I understand that you're planning on taking my daughter away from me and I was all prepared not to like you. I can see you're going to make that difficult."

I won't say that I wasn't still a little nervous. But I relaxed a little. He seemed like a pretty nice guy to me. I wouldn't have used the word pussycat to describe him. He looks like a man that you didn't want mad at you. But it looked like we were going to get along.

Mrs. Wendell asked me to invite my family over for a cookout on Saturday. My father is due back in town tomorrow evening so I tentatively accepted and told them I'd let them know if he is delayed in China.

Before I left, Mr. Wendell asked me if I play pinochle. I said that I do. My brother and I have been playing with our parents since we were very young.

He invited me to come play with them one evening. Sam doesn't enjoy the game very much. She'll appreciate not being forced to play. He added that it was very trying being the only male in the house all the time. He gets tired of being outnumbered three to one. He wouldn't mind some reinforcements.

I accepted his offer. I thought that it would be a good way to get better acquainted with the couple that is going to be my mother and father-in-law, though they don't know it yet. I said goodnight to everyone and he walked me back out to my car.

He isn't familiar with American muscle cars from the sixties so he didn't know what a GTX is. But he admired my car. He couldn't believe that it was forty years old.

We talked for a few minutes and said goodnight. He watched me as I fastened my seatbelt and started the car. He raised an eyebrow when he heard the engine start. Suddenly I was very glad that I didn't have glasspacks on it. I drove away carefully and got home just before my mother did.

As usual, she had eaten something at work. She normally does when she works this late. Or she works until she is too tired to eat. I got up when she came in. I felt bad when I saw how tired she was.

I made her a drink and sat in the kitchen with her. I told her that I thought it was very rude of her to come in here looking all worn out when I'm on vacation. It makes me feel bad and I don't appreciate it.

She smiled a tired smile and exclaimed, "One more day!"

I told her about the invitation to a cookout at my girlfriend's house on Saturday. She said, "It sounds like fun. I'm looking forward to meeting them. Your father called me at the office today. He should already be in the air. And in case you're wondering, the trip was a huge success. We're going to start looking for a plant manager as soon as he gets settled back in at the office."

I told her about those parts of my day that were fit to share with my mother. I told her how nice I thought Kala's family is. Then we said goodnight and I started for the stairs.

But before I reached the stairs I had a sudden inspiration. I turned back to tell my mother what I was thinking. Mom looked up when I came back into the kitchen. I asked, "What qualities will you be looking for in a plant manager?"

She looked at me curiously for a moment and then thought about her answer for a few minutes. She finally answered, "We haven't really discussed it yet. I suppose it will have to be someone with good organizational skills. He'll have to be mechanically inclined. We'll want someone who doesn't need a lot of supervision. He'll need to be a hands-on kind of guy but with people skills. Those would be the main traits I suppose. Why do you ask?"

"Would I be out of place if I were to recommend someone?"

"Certainly not! Do you know someone like that?"

I nodded and said, "Mr. Vincent."

Mom and dad both know Kyle's parents pretty well. They used to go out with them from time to time. They were even on a bowling league for a while, until the business started taking up so much of their time. They still socialize on rare occasions, when all of them can get free on the same night. They even went bowling on a Sunday afternoon recently. I wish I had gone. They haven't been bowling in years and to hear them describe it later it was a real comedy of errors. They didn't even remember how to keep score.

Mom looked at me in wonder and said, "I never would have thought of him! I think he'd be perfect! I'll talk it over with your father this weekend."

She got up and came around the table. She put her arms around me and said, "You're going to be a good man, Dean. I'm so proud that you're my son."

She was getting like that a lot lately. It makes me very uncomfortable, especially considering the things that I've been doing this week. I have a feeling that if she saw the pictures I've taken this week she would be very disappointed in me.

I said goodnight again. This time I made it all the way to bed. I lay there in the dark thinking of Kala and picturing her curled up in her bed. I'd give anything if I could be holding her in my arms and listening to her quiet, steady breathing, feeling her heart beat and inhaling the delicate scent of her soft hair.

As soon as I fell asleep I found myself doing just that in my dreams.

I got up and made coffee in the morning. Mom obviously slept well. She looked like she had recuperated from her long, hard day yesterday. She's excited about dad coming home and I think that perked her up quite a bit.

She asked for Mrs. Wendell's phone number so that she can let her know that we'll be there and ask what she can bring.

As soon as she left I went next door and had another cup of coffee with Cass. She seemed a little on edge, even though it was still three hours before Ricky would arrive. She asked if I was having second thoughts about seeing Ricky with Kala.

I had to admit to her that I was nervous. I didn't want her to be hurt. And in the back of my mind was still the nagging doubt that maybe I shouldn't be putting the girl I love through this.

Cass laughed and said, "You aren't putting her through anything. She's just as excited as I am by the idea of being taken by someone like Ricky. I think a lot of girls have a secret desire to be used by someone like him, at least once. Even us feminists!

"I imagine it's like all of you guys wanting to score with a beautiful set of twins, even though you know damn well that if it actually happened it would probably be fatal for you."

I asked if she didn't resent Kala interfering with her fantasy fuck with Ricky.

She said, "I think once will be enough for her. And I think that once will be all you'll sit still for. You saw how rough he is. It's going to be hard for you to sit by and let a man treat her like that. But once it starts, just this once you're going to have to. Once things get started there won't be any stopping him. He isn't the kind of man you can reason with.

"If it turns out that you both enjoy it more than I think you will then we may have scheduling conflicts. I love the things that we've been doing together. This has been the most erotic week of my life. But as embarrassing as it is to admit, I still need my Ricky fix. I couldn't take it any more often than we do it. But I couldn't stand it if he quit seeing me."

I went back to my house after I finished my coffee. I took a shower and got the cameras ready. I don't know how Ricky is going to feel about the cameras since they'll be making a record of him cheating on his wife. But I at least want to get some shots that don't include his face. I know that Kala will want to see them later.

Kyle came over at nine thirty. He seemed as nervous as I was. We talked until it was time to go pick up Kala. Kyle went next door and I drove over to her house. I started to get out and go to her door but she ran out and got in the car before I could.

We kissed and exchanged greetings. She was dressed the way that Cass suggested in a modest skirt and blouse. She looked like a schoolgirl. I guess that was the idea. She looked a little nervous. But she didn't seem as nervous as either Kyle or me.

As I drove back to my house she said, "I'm sorry about last night. I felt so relaxed and so sleepy. One minute we were talking and the next minute you were waking me up to go home. I'll make it up to you. I promise."

I reached over and squeezed her hand. I said, "You have nothing to apologize for. To be honest, I was worn out too. When I realized you were out of it I wasn't disappointed in the least. I actually thought you looked kind of cute lying there zonked out like that. And I found out that you don't snore."

She ignored the snoring comment and called my attention to the way she was dressed. She asked, "What do you think? Do I look okay?"

"If I was a dirty old man I'd go for you! But let's get real. The guy is about fifty years old and he's going to be handed a beautiful sixteen year old girl on a silver platter. He probably wouldn't care if you wore mechanic's coveralls and long underwear."

She asked again, "Are you sure you're okay with this? It's alright if you change your mind."

"I can't honestly say that I don't have reservations. The guy is big and he's rough. I don't want to see you hurt. And you know that once he gets his hands on you there won't be anything that I can do to stop him. I don't imagine that you'll be able to stop him either. It's just as much a rape fantasy for him as it is for you and Cass. He isn't going to stop for anyone once he gets started.

"But, I have to admit that watching him overpower Cass the way he does was very exciting. I may not want to do this a second time. But I'm curious about seeing it once."

She shivered and said, "Yeah. That's how I feel about it. The pictures and that movie you made really turned me on. I think that a lot of girls secretly have rape fantasies. We don't want to get hurt. But it's a chance to have sex without reservations because we aren't responsible for anything that happens. It's totally out of our control.

"Girls don't get to cut loose like guys do. We always have to worry what people will think of us. I'm going to get to experience my fantasy in a relatively safe, controlled environment. I know that once it starts it doesn't stop until he says it's over. But I'll feel a lot safer with you there. As long as when it's over you can still tell me you love me and mean it I won't have any regrets."

"I'll always tell you I love you. And I'll always mean it, as long as you don't overbid when we're playing pinochle."

Then I asked, "Do you still want pictures?"

"Yeah. I have a sneaking suspicion that this is going to be a lot more exciting when I'm reliving it than when it's happening. Yes. If he'll allow it I want you to take lots of pictures."

We pulled up into my driveway. I went inside and got my cameras and we started to walk across the lawn toward Cass's house. Before we got more than a few feet I said, "I have an idea. Just for the hell of it, what if you were to take a couple of Tylenol before he gets here?"

She sighed and said, "I'm tempted. But no, I want to experience it all."

I took her hand and said, "Okay, my little schoolgirl slut. Let's go."
Chapter 9
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 9
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:57:57 am

She squeezed my hand and smiled a nervous smile. She said, "Let's go get me raped."

We still had twenty minutes to wait when we arrived next door. Kyle and Cass were already getting warmed up. When we walked in she was sitting in his lap with his hand under her skirt.

Kyle grinned and said, "I never felt her up with her clothes on before! It's kind of hot!"

I laughed before my mind kicked in and I realized the truth of what he was saying. There is a difference. It is exciting to explore under a girl's clothes.

I asked Cass, "Do you think he'll mind if I take pictures?"

She shrugged and said, "Probably not. He's an arrogant bastard. He may even want copies."

I didn't say it out loud. But I couldn't see myself giving him pictures of either one of these girls nude and having sex. I don't know him and what little I do know about him doesn't incline me toward trusting him. But that doesn't mean I can't leave him with the impression that I'm willing to share if that's what it takes to avoid a confrontation.

He came in without ringing the bell at a few minutes after eleven. We all stood up and waited for him in the living room. He looked a little put out when he saw us. He expected Cass to be alone.

Without saying a word to explain our presence she came over and took Kala by the hand. She led her over to where he was standing and said, "I have a present for you. Her name is Kala. She's sixteen years old. Do you want her?"

His eyes lit up instantly. There was no need for him to answer that question. It was obvious from his expression of open lust. Not that any of us thought that there was a chance he was going to say no.

He looked over at me and Kyle and asked, "Who are they?"

Cass pointed to me and said, "That's her boyfriend. He wants to take pictures and watch you fuck her. The other boy is Kyle. He's just a friend. They've promised to stay out of your way and not say anything."

Ricky flashed an arrogant grin and asked me, "You want to watch me screw your girlfriend?! What are you, some kind of freak?"

I shrugged and replied, "Maybe a little."

His face got very stern and he said, "I like it a little rough. I ain't gonna take it easy on her just because she's a sweet little schoolgirl. And I ain't gonna tolerate any shit from either one of you guys. I don't give a shit if you stay and watch. But you stay out of my way."

He didn't say anything about pictures so I was going to assume he has no objections. I handed the movie camera to Kyle and I got my Nikon ready. From that moment on Ricky ignored us. It was like we weren't even in the room.

He pulled Kala closer. After looking her over he said, "You're a fine little piece of ass, girl."

He turned to Cass and said, "I may have to give that wimp you're married to a raise! Now strip, bitch."

Cass began to undress slowly while Ricky turned his attention back to Kala. He reached down and while he stared into her eyes he ran his hand up under her skirt and cupped her pussy, causing her to gasp. I saw his arm muscles ripple and she grunted. I didn't know what he was doing, but it must have been painful.

She didn't move or complain, though.

Ricky smiled and said with a touch of wonder in his voice, "Sixteen years old! I must have got hit by a truck on the way over here. I must be lying dead in the street somewhere. This is just the way I imagined heaven!"

He groped Kala's left tit with his free hand until Cass was naked. Then he stepped back and said, "Get over here, you dumb cunt. Strip this little bitch for me."

He turned to me and said, "Get lots of pictures kid. I'm gonna want to remember this."

He stepped back then and pulled out his cell phone. He pressed a couple of buttons and said, "Janet? Yeah. Something came up. I'm not coming back in today. Let everyone know. Reschedule my appointments."

I don't know how everyone else took that news. I wasn't too happy about it. We were planning on this asshole spending an hour here and probably fucking both of the girls once before leaving.

But he wasn't finished surprising us. He called another number and after someone answered he said, "Hey! It's me. I'm at one thirteen Wildwood. Trust me. You'll never forgive yourself if you don't get your ass over here right now."

Cass had Kala's blouse and skirt off. She wasn't wearing stockings. She stood there in her plain bra and panties and turned nervously to look at me.

Ricky reached up and turned her head back to face him. He smiled arrogantly and said, "You can forget about them. You better just concentrate on me for a while."

Cass removed Kala's bra. I saw the corners of Ricky's mouth turn up in an evil smile. It was more of a leer, actually. He looked at his watch and said, "It'll take Danny fifteen or twenty minutes to get here. I'm gonna let you to give me a nice blowjob. Then you can get dressed again. I'm pretty sure that Danny will get a kick out of watching Cass undress you again. That was pretty interesting. I think he'll enjoy it."

Ricky unbuckled his belt and slipped his pants and underwear down to his knees. He sat down in a nearby chair and pulled one leg out of his pants. He put his left leg up on the arm of the overstuffed chair and leaned back. Then he said, "Okay. Both of you get down here. I got enough cock for both of you cunts."

The arrogant bastard had every reason to be proud. His hard cock looked a hell of a lot bigger in person. It's only about eight inches long, if eight inches of cock can be said to be "only." But it was scary thick. It looked like it was almost as big around as a Coke can!

Cass guided Kala into a kneeling position between Ricky's legs and she knelt on the other side of his right leg. She took Kala's hands and guided them to Ricky's cock and balls and then gently pushed her down until her face was nearly touching his cock.

She whispered, "Start licking him, Kala. Start with his balls and work your way up to the tip of his cock."

Kyle and I were both moving around as quietly and unobtrusively as possible, getting pictures from every angle. The expression on Kala's face was hard to decipher. She was scared. But I think that she was also excited. She was probably thinking that she might have bitten off more than she could chew, if I can use that analogy under these circumstances. But I'm pretty certain that she still didn't want me to interfere.

I hope not. Because even as big as I am and as athletic as I am, there's no doubt in my mind that Ricky can put me in the hospital without even bothering to stop raping my girlfriend. He could dispose of me like flicking away a fly.

Kala followed Cass's instructions, licking Ricky's large, hairy balls and then working her way up to the head of his cock. Cass applied pressure to the back of her head and we watched her lips spread uncomfortably wide to accommodate his fat cock.

Cass continued to press downward. But only about three inches of that big cock entered Kala's mouth before she began to gag. There was still an awful lot of cock left unattended and Ricky was obviously not satisfied.

He looked down at her with a look of disgust on his face and said, "I know you must be fairly new at this. But you're going to have to do better than that!"

Kala pulled back and tried again with similar results. Ricky shook his head and said, "I can see you're going to need some help."

Kala and I both got nervous when Ricky wrapped his large hands around her head. On her next down stroke he applied pressure when she started gagging and I watched even more of that oversized cock disappear.

But Kala was in a lot of distress. She began to struggle and make horrible choking sounds.

I dropped my camera and started to rush him. He just looked at me with an amused expression. He wasn't even going to get up to deal with me. Cass held up her hand to stop me and said something to Ricky.

He stopped pulling on Kala's head and we watched as Cass started whispering in Kala's ear. After a minute or so it started again. But this time he somehow managed to accomplish what he had in mind from the start.

I watched in horror as that large cock struck the back of her throat and after a brief struggle something gave and suddenly her lips were stretched wide around the base of it!

I stood there, staring in disbelief, my camera forgotten.

There were tears streaming down Kala's cheeks. But she was no longer struggling. It looked, however, like she was beginning to turn blue from lack of oxygen.

Ricky grinned and released her. She pulled back suddenly and gasped for air for a moment before Cass whispered something to her and she nodded.

Cass guided Kala's lips back to the head of Ricky's cock and we watched as Kala tried again. She struggled desperately once again. But she couldn't get that cock down her throat.

Cass tried to help. But still it didn't go. So Ricky put his hands back around her head and waited for her to catch a breath. Then he guided her head back down and when it stopped he applied pressure again.

They did that several more times until Kala could finally do it on her own. It seemed easier for her when she could do it without that bastard forcing her. At least she had control over her own breathing again.

I had retrieved my camera and returned to taking pictures. I kept seeing that smug, arrogant look on the bastard's face. He smiled up at me often as Kala continued to work on his cock.

Ricky watched her for several minutes before he pulled Cass up onto the arm of his chair. He turned her to face him and began to bite her tits. He didn't draw blood. But he left a red mark every time he bit her and each time she cried out in pain.

He was being even crueler than he was when I saw him with her on Monday. I don't know if he was just getting into the situation or if he was doing it in order to make a more interesting movie. Maybe he was inspired by having an audience.

It was obvious that Cass was in nearly as much pain as Kala. Her face was screwed up in pain and she cried out often as he bit down on her breasts and her hard nipples. But I guess he really enjoyed what he was doing because a few minutes later he reached down again and held Kala's head buried in his lap. We watched him tense up and shoot his cum straight down her throat.

She started to turn blue and struggle before he finally released her and she fell back onto her ass in front of him gasping for air and choking.

He smiled down at her and said, "Nothing is as exciting as breaking in a new cocksucker, teaching them how to suck a real man's cock. We're going to have a lot of fun this afternoon."

Kala was sitting on the floor crying and still gasping for air. I started to go help her. It looked like she was having second thoughts now. I certainly was. The bastard was being much crueler than when I watched him raping Cass on Monday.

When he saw me move towards Kala he frowned and shook his head. He growled, "Stay the fuck out of this, boy. The bitch is mine until I've had enough of her sweet ass. You can have what's left when I'm done with her."

He roughly shoved Cass out of his lap and said, "Grab your clothes. Take the bitch upstairs and get her cleaned up. When you come back down I want her looking just like she did when I got here."

The women picked up their clothing and headed for the stairs. As soon as they left the room, Ricky smiled at me and said, "You getting what you wanted, boy? You like watching me pork your little girlfriend? I'm doing you a favor, boy. I'm going to break the little cunt in and get her trained right for you."

I tried not to sound intimidated when I replied, "You don't have to be so rough. You don't have to hurt her."

He laughed and responded, "I'm not doing it because I feel obligated, stupid. I'm doing it because it turns me on to treat a bitch that way. I don't know what went on between you four that led up to this. I have to assume that Cass told you guys about me and the way I like to fuck. You can't tell me you thought I was going to just make love to the little cunt."

"No. But what you just did was over the line. It wasn't necessary to hurt like that."

He laughed and said, "I'm the one drawing the lines here. Cass gave me a present. It would be rude of me not to enjoy it. I warned you before, boy. I'm not going to warn you again. You can try to interfere if you want. I'll fuck you up without even bothering to pull my dick out of your little girlfriend to do it."

It was obvious that I couldn't get him to take it easy. There were still two other problems that I was having with the way this was going. "No one said anything about calling your friends. And this was just supposed to take place over your lunch hour. No one said anything about all afternoon."

"I didn't call my friends. I still might. We'll see how it goes. I called my brother. You'll like him. He's just like me. And no punk kid is going to tell me how long I can fuck some piece of tail. The only reason I'm not kicking your sorry ass out of here is that I want to get a copy of those pictures. But that don't mean I'm going to put up with your shit. If you're smart you'll keep your mouth shut and stay the hell out of my way.

"But I suppose the evidence works against you in that regard. How smart can you be? You were dumb enough to let Cass give me your little cunt for a present."

He was even less civilized than I thought. He wasn't anywhere near this rough when I watched him take Cass on Monday. I don't know if it was just the situation or if he was deliberately trying to give me an excuse to do something stupid.

And now his brother is coming. I fear that Kala's situation will get even worse when they team up and begin to urge each other on to greater depths of depravity.

The girls came back downstairs a few minutes later. I had stopped trying to get Ricky to cool it a little. My efforts only seemed to be making things worse. Both of them were fully dressed and looked fresh. Only the fear remained in their eyes. The excitement was gone now.

They crossed the room and presented themselves to Ricky. He looked them over and then asked Kala, "Are you alright?"

She shrugged and answered, "More or less."

Her voice was hoarse and strained. I could see that it hurt her to talk.

He said, "You can thank me later."

It was obvious from her expression that she wasn't grateful and she didn't appreciate his sarcasm.

He laughed and said, "I did you a favor, you stupid cunt. Guys like a girl that knows how to suck a cock. I just guaranteed your popularity. Once your boyfriend tells his friends how you can take a cock down your throat the boys will be lined up at your front door every night."

He sat up in his chair and pulled her closer. He turned her around, pulled up her skirt in back and pulled her panties down below her ass. Then he chuckled and said, "I'm going to do you another favor in a little while. That's a hot little ass you got back here. I bet you've never had a dick up there, have you?"

She shook her head. She avoided looking at me. I suspect that she was afraid that I'd do something to try to put an end to this if she didn't try to be strong. But I saw her fear turn to near panic at the idea of being raped in the ass by this monster, especially since he seems to be going out of his way to hurt her.

I was no longer having second thoughts about this. I was way beyond second thoughts. I regretted the hell out of getting Kala into this situation. I just didn't know what to do about it. I can't kick his ass and I don't own a gun.

And then the doorbell rang. Ricky sent Cass and Kala to let his brother in. They came back into the room a moment later, followed by a confused looking man who appeared to be about Ricky's age and looked very much like him, including his large size.

Ricky was still sitting there, grinning like the cruel sadist that we were beginning to realize he is. When his brother entered the room he said, "Danny, you're going to be thanking me for this for years to come. The redhead is twenty-four year old Cassidy. Everyone calls her Cass. Her wimpy husband works for me. The blonde is sixteen years old. Her name is ... fuck! What's your name again, cunt?"

"Kala."

"Oh yeah! Kala! It's too bad I hurt her throat with my dick a few minutes ago. She has a cute accent. I've been fucking Cass for about six months now. I raped her at a party at my house and now she can't get enough of my cock.

"When I came over to fuck her today she offered her little friend to me as a present. Don't ask me what that's about. I don't have any idea. I don't fucking care, actually. But I figured since there are two of them there might as well be two of us, unless you aren't in the mood."

Danny grinned and said, "I might be able to work up a hard on or two."

Ricky said, "Have a seat. I thought we'd start with a little entertainment before we get to the real fun and games."

Danny sat down on the couch. Ricky looked at me and Kyle and nodded. He turned to Cass and said, "Go ahead and strip the girl. Then she can return the favor."

We all watched Cass slowly undress Kala. I was feeling more upset, more scared, and guiltier by the moment. And the fear and desperation I saw on Kala's face was tearing me up.

I tried to think of some way to put a stop to this. I even considered dialing 911. But then I tried to imagine the conversation with the people at the 911 switchboard and the consequences of calling them and even in my mind it didn't go well.

Kyle resumed filming. But I had forgotten all about taking pictures. It didn't take nearly long enough for the two women to get naked. Ricky had already seen them both. Danny was enjoying their beauty for the first time and he was quite taken.

Ricky ordered them both to turn around slowly. When her back was to them he said, "Look at that sweet ass. I can't wait to stretch it out with my fat cock. That bitch is going to remember this day for the rest of her life."

He ordered them to get down on the floor in front of him and eat each other's cunt. Ricky couldn't know that they've been lovers already. He probably assumes that they'll be traumatized by his crude order. The girls didn't do anything to alter his thinking. Their expressions never changed.

They complied. They were in no hurry. Neither was anxious to move on to being taken by the two large, cruel men waiting to use them. Even Cass seemed to be regretting the way this was turning out.

They got down into a sixty-nine and ate each other out without a lot of preliminaries. They seemed a little listless to me. Their hearts obviously weren't in it.

It wasn't long before Ricky stood up and said, "That's enough for now. You can do it again after we fuck you. Go get that lube I used when I fucked your ass. I am going to fuck this little cunt's ass until her eyes cross."

Kala was crying now. She softly pleaded with Ricky not to fuck her ass. She even offered to let him stick his cock into her throat again.

He laughed and said, "Don't worry, bitch. After I fuck your ass you're going to turn around and take my cock straight down your throat. That's how I like to clean my cock after some bitch gets it all nasty."

I couldn't just stand here and watch this. I put my camera down and stepped forward. I glared at him and said, "That's enough. We've changed our mind. She asked you nice. I'm telling you. The games are over. I'd like you to leave now."

Ricky hardly even glanced at me. He shook his head and chuckled derisively. Then he looked at his brother and said, "Isn't he cute! Hell! I might fuck his ass before we leave!"

That cracked them both up. I went over to help Kala to her feet. It didn't quite work out that way. He slapped me so hard I saw stars. Then he picked me up by my upper arms and tossed me across the room.

Kyle put the movie camera down and started to charge him. Ricky balled his large hand into a massive fist and said, "Come on, boy. Show me what a big man you are."

Kyle knew he didn't have a chance. He came over and helped me up just as Cass came back into the room. She screamed, "What the hell are you doing?! Stop it!"

Ricky snapped, "Shut the fuck up, bitch. Grease the little whore's ass up. Don't use too much. I want it to hurt."

I was about to panic. I knew I had to do something desperate. And suddenly I knew what it was. I was leaning against the wall, right by the door to the kitchen. I only had to take half a dozen steps to get the butcher knife out of the butcher block that held her sharp knives.

Both men were so arrogant that they were totally ignoring me now. I didn't even have to sneak into the kitchen. I picked up the large, extremely sharp knife and calmly walked back out into the living room.

I started slowly walking toward Ricky. He was watching Cass apply lube to Kala's ass. He was so intent on them that he didn't see me.

But his brother, who was standing nearby and beginning to take is pants off so he could rape Cass noticed me and quietly said, "Whoa, boy. Put that down. You don't want to do that. Nobody needs to get hurt here."

I calmly replied, "Shut up, asshole. I'll get to you in a minute. I'm going to have to carve up your brother first."

Ricky looked up when his brother spoke. He didn't seem worried when he saw me. He smiled and said, "Shit! That little pussy don't have the balls. He ain't gonna cut anyone."

Kala and Cass finally looked up and Kala screamed. She was trying to say something to me but it was all jumbled up. I couldn't understand it.

I continued walking towards Ricky without saying a word. I didn't threaten him. I didn't warn him. I could feel my face all drawn up in a weird, distorted smile.

Cass pulled Kala out of the way. I changed my grip on the knife, holding it the way I remembered seeing knife fighters hold a knife in the movies.

Ricky glanced at the way I was holding the knife, down and ready. But his attention was centered on my eyes. I think he finally realized that I was going to do it. Or at least I was going to try. Even if I fucked it up he could end up getting cut pretty bad.

I saw the moment when he decided it wasn't worth it. He held his hands up and said, "Okay, boy. You win this one. We're leaving."

I replied in a quiet and surprisingly calm voice, "No. I don't win this one. I win all of them. You don't come here again. You don't call her. You don't send her a message. I'm going to be watching. Game's over. Get the fuck out of here."

The two men put their clothing back in order as they hurried to the door in silence. The four of us didn't move a muscle or make a sound until the front door closed and we heard their cars leave.

Kala suddenly jumped up and ran to me. She damned near ran into the fucking butcher knife!

I lowered the knife and held it out of the away at the last second and held her in my arms. I hugged her with all of my might and said, "I'm such a shit! I'm so sorry, Kala. The next time I start thinking with my dick, just kick me in the nuts to get my attention."

She was crying and laughing at the same time. She kissed me and said, "What about when I'm thinking with my cunt?"

Cass came closer. She carefully pried the knife from my fingers and stood back. I looked at her and said, "Sorry. Guess you'll have to find yourself another asshole."

She smiled nervously and said, "Thank you. I was so scared. I don't know what came over him. He was never like that before!"

I was suddenly shaking like a leaf. I almost stabbed a man! I had every intention of killing that son of a bitch! I shuddered violently and said, "I have to sit down."

We went into the kitchen. After she put the knife away, Cass got out four glasses and poured us each a glass of wine. I'm not much of a drinker. I've had alcohol at parties. I drank a couple of beers once. My parents have given me a small glass of wine a couple of times when we were having a special dinner. I'm not actually a big fan of alcohol. But I gulped it down this time.

Kala, being from Europe where people are more mature, has tasted wine fairly often. She gulped hers down, too. We both slid our glasses closer to Cass for a refill.

I pulled Kala into my lap. She realized too late that her butt was all greasy and tried to stand up. I laughed and said, "It's okay. We can take a shower later."

No one spoke after that. Not for a long time. Kyle had been slowly sipping his wine and staring at me. I was aware of it. But I was more concerned with calming down. My heart was still beating at about twice the normal rate.

Kyle finally asked, "Would you really have stabbed him?"

I shivered. But I quietly answered, "That was my intention."

Kala put her arms around me. She still had tears in her eyes when she smiled and said, "My hero!"

I shook my head and said, "Hero my ass! It was my fault you were put through that. It was my fault he raped your throat and it was my fault that he was going to rape your ass. I've done some pretty stupid things in my life. But that ... oh god, Kala! Please forgive me."

She kissed me and said, "Don't be silly, Dean! It was my fantasy, too. We talked this over. I wanted to be the girl in those hot pictures that you took of Cass. They turned me on, too. We had no way of knowing he was going to go crazy."

I sighed and said, "It doesn't matter. If I was worth a shit it would never have occurred to me to do this."

She popped my forehead with the heel of her palm and said, "We already had this discussion. You and me, we're different. We like things that are kind of edgy. Maybe in a few years we'll lose that interest in ... well, in things like what we had in mind for today.

"Admit it. If Ricky hadn't gone overboard, if he just spent his lunch hour here raping me the way he raped Cass on Monday, all four of us would have enjoyed it. And we would have fucked like rabbits after he went back to work. It isn't your fault that he got a burr up his ass! Now, calm down and ask Cass why she's being so stingy with the fucking wine."

Cass smiled. But before she poured more wine she asked, "Has anyone eaten anything today? I haven't. I need to eat something before we have any more to drink."

None of us had eaten anything yet today. We ended up making half a dozen grilled cheese sandwiches. We were all still on edge and none of us were really hungry. But we reasoned that some nice, greasy grilled cheese sandwiches would counteract the effects of the wine.

I guess it was a good choice. By the time we had polished off the sandwiches and the bottle of wine we were all much more relaxed. And a bottle of wine doesn't go far when split four ways so none of us could be said to be inebriated.

We moved back into the living room after we ate. Kala and I sat together on the couch. I couldn't seem to keep my hands off of her. She sat sideways in my lap and I held her in my arms. She sat with her feet up on the cushion, leaning back against me and leaning her head on my shoulder. I was wracked with guilt over the pain she suffered when that son of a bitch raped her throat.

I guess she could sense what I was feeling. She lifted my hand to her lips and kissed it. She said, "Would you relax! I can feel how tense you are. This wasn't your fault. It would have been your fault if you talked me into this against my will. That isn't how it happened. Or if you knew in advance he was going to get carried away. You didn't. And on the plus side, I think you're really going to enjoy your next blowjob."

She was trying to lighten the mood. And she was partially right. But I'm old fashioned enough, despite my nontraditional sexual tastes, to believe that it's my job to protect her from being harmed. I was having trouble forgetting the images burned into my brain of her face, contorted in pain and turning blue while she struggled for air.

Things had just about settled down when the doorbell rang. Cass went to answer it. We heard a quiet buzz of indistinct conversation for several minutes before she returned to the room, followed by Ricky.

I started to jump up but Cass rushed over to me and said, "Relax! Hear him out."

Ricky stood in the doorway, waiting to see what I was going to do. I fell back into my seat and the three of us waited to see what this was all about.

He looked embarrassed. He had an entirely different demeanor than when he barged in here earlier and went crazy on us.

He cleared his throat and in a mild and reasonable tone he said, "I came back to apologize. I guess I went a little nuts earlier. I like it a little rough sometimes. So does Cass. That's why we have so much fun together. But you can ask her. I've never hurt her."

He stopped talking. It was like we were all holding our breath it was so quiet. He turned to Kala and said, "I got carried away. I'm sorry I hurt you. I'm sorry I scared you. I shouldn't have done that."

Then he said to me, "You got a lot of balls, kid. I gotta hand it to you. It took some pretty big cojones to stand up to me and my brother the way you did. I'm sorry I hit you."

I didn't know what to say. He was embarrassed and he looked sincerely repentant.

When no one spoke he shrugged and said, "Anyway, I just wanted to say I was sorry. I got carried away."

He started to turn and leave. Kala sat up and said, "Wait!"

He turned back to see what she had to say.

"We would have to talk it over. I don't know how Dean feels about it. But do you think we could try this again sometime without you getting carried away?"

Suddenly everyone was looking at me, waiting to hear my reaction. I didn't know what to say. I finally said, "We'll have to talk about that. I'm not sure how I feel about it. I just stopped shaking. I've never been so furious in my life."

I looked him right in the eyes and said, "I just came that close to killing a man and I'm not over that yet."

Ricky blanched when I brought that up. He replied, "I didn't come back here to ask for another chance. I came back because I feel bad about the way I behaved. But if you want to try this again after everyone calms down, I'll promise to be reasonable.

"I'll be honest. I'd really miss fucking Cass. We've had a lot of fun in the last six months. And I don't know any guy who wouldn't enjoy fucking your girlfriend. She's hotter'n hell. Cass can give me a call if you decide to try it again."

He looked around the room and said, "Anyway, that's what I came back for. I apologize for the way I acted."

He turned and left without another word being spoken. As soon as the front door closed, Kala turned to look at me. I was staring at her in amazement. But suddenly we both started laughing.

Cass and Kyle were watching us like we were crazy. I guess maybe we are a little bit. Kala finally said, "What the hell! If he is going to just be a normal asshole instead of a crazy asshole, we can't deny that we were turned on by what we thought was going to happen here today. I say we give the son of a bitch another chance. I wasn't even upset about him calling in his brother. It was when he insisted on sticking that stump up my ass and bragging about how he was going to make it hurt that I lost it."

I sighed loudly. I still didn't know how I felt. I said, "I'll have to think about it. I can't get the image of you, in pain and struggling to breathe around that fat cock in your throat out of my mind. It hurt me almost as much as it hurt you. I couldn't even protect you. I felt so helpless."

She leaned over and kissed my cheek before she exclaimed, "But you did protect me!"

Then she smiled and said, "You know damn well that if everything had gone as planned you would have enjoyed watching it and we would have spent the rest of the afternoon fucking each other's brains out. I say we give him a chance."

I looked at Cass. She shrugged and said, "I was cheering you on when you threw them out. But when the door closed behind them and I realized that he was never going to come here and use me again I kind of panicked. I don't think I fully appreciated how much I've come to look forward to those little afternoon rapes.

"It's nice that I have you three now. I love the things we do together. But I'm not sure that what we have can replace the thrill of being raped by Ricky."

I didn't know what to say. I still felt guilty about putting Kala into that situation the first time. I was going to need some convincing before I could do it again.

I did have one thought on the subject, though. I said, "I wonder if you would need Ricky's abuse quite so much if we could find out what's wrong with Don? He might not be the strong dominant man of your fantasies. But if he was keeping you satisfied, maybe the fantasies wouldn't be so compelling. We all have fantasies that we don't try to live out."

Kala smiled and asked, "Like what? What are you fantasies that you don't try to live out?"

I smiled and admitted, "Maybe I spoke too soon. In the last week I've experienced most of my fantasies."

She wasn't sure she believed me. But she let it go, for now.

Kyle had been unnaturally quiet since Ricky first arrived. He stood up and said, "I'm going to go home and get ready for work."

He looked at me with a strange look on his face and said, "Before I go, I just have to say..."

I interrupted. I had a feeling I knew what was coming and I didn't want to hear it.

"Stop right there, Kyle! You're about to say something that you know you'll regret. In all the years we've been friends you've never said anything nice to me. That works just fine for me. Get your ass to work. We'll talk later."

He smiled and said, "No. I have to tell you. I was impressed. Between the two of us I'm the one that tends to get physical and start throwing punches. When I saw how far you were willing to go for Kala..."

I was embarrassed and so was he. I interrupted again. "Okay! I get the point. But I'm telling you right now, I ain't gonna wear tights and a cape for you either. Go to work. How about if the four of us rent a couple of canoes again on Sunday?"

Cass asked, "What about tomorrow?"

I told her about the cookout at Kala's house and she grinned. "Uh oh! It's getting serious when the parents start getting together!"

Kyle said, "I'll call you," and left.

Cass got up and came over and stood in front of us. She held out her hands and said, "Come on. Let's go upstairs. I think we both want to thank you for what you did today."

Kala got up and together they pulled me to my feet. The three of us went up to her bedroom and I soon learned that deepthroat is an interesting novelty. But to be honest, I prefer one of her standard blowjobs.

The head of my cock seemed to catch for a fraction of a second on each down stroke before entering her throat. It was distracting and I couldn't believe I wasn't hurting her. I ended up asking her to stop doing it. She insisted that it wasn't so bad once she got used to it. But we ended up with Kala sucking my cock the old fashioned way while Cass licked my balls. I liked that a lot more.

After they took care of me I moved out of the way and watched the two of them make love. This time there was no question that they enjoyed it.

It didn't turn into an orgy. We each had an orgasm ... or in their case two or three. Then we relaxed for a few minutes. We had about an hour to kill before I had to take Kala home so we went down and floated around in the pool for a while.

We discussed giving Ricky and Danny another chance. I was surprised after what happened that the girls were so anxious to put themselves back into the hands of those two crude men. But now that I've calmed down I'm beginning to remember how exciting it was to watch Cass and Ricky. I knew before we got out of the pool and put our clothes back on that it was going to happen.

I finally said, "Okay. Maybe he learned his lesson. I guess we can try again. Go ahead and call him, Cass. Let us know what you work out."
Chapter 10
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 10
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:58:03 am

I drove Kala home and walked her to her door. Her mother met us at the door and invited me in. She told me that she had been talking to my mother and she was really looking forward to meeting my parents tomorrow.

I grinned and said, "You know that once you meet my parents it's the same as if Kala and I are engaged."

She surprised me. She didn't look the least bit worried. She said, "Kala could do worse. I have to warn you, though. If you try to get married before you graduate my husband will probably castrate you."

Kala squealed, "MOM!"

I just smiled and asked, "Why? Is my voice too low?"

She chuckled and said, "You don't fluster easily, do you?"

There were a few more minutes of teasing, good natured banter. Then Kala kissed me goodbye, right in front of her mother. As soon as she turned me loose her mother laughed and said, "But you do fluster!"

I left before I got in any deeper.

When I got home there was a message on the answering machine from my mom. She suggested that I have a snack if I was hungry. She wanted to wait until we pick my father up and stop for something to eat on the way home from the airport. She checked with the airline and his flight is still scheduled to land at eight this evening.

I couldn't help being excited about my dad coming home. It has only been a week. But with him and my brother gone and my mother working most nights I'm starting to feel like an orphan. It would have been worse without Kala, and to a large extent Cass to occupy so much of my time and so many of my thoughts. But I'm still looking forward to being a complete family again. Hell! I even miss my little brother!

Mom came home at a little after six. It was obvious that she's even more excited than I am. She and dad are very close. It always gives me a warm feeling to see them together because there can be no question that they are still very much in love, even after eighteen years of marriage.

We got to the airport early and waited near the luggage claim area. We never meet him at the gate when he travels. It's a lot easier to meet in luggage claim than to go through security to meet him at the gate.

Dad was one of the first passengers to arrive not long after we got there. We picked up his bags and headed for our favorite pizza place. Next to his family the thing he missed the most while in China is good pizza.

While we were driving, and then at the restaurant, the first major topic of conversation was Kala. It was kind of funny. Mom did most of the talking. She's nearly as excited about the love of my life as I am! I sat in the back and for the most part I kept my mouth shut. I got to find out what she thinks of Kala and I liked what I heard.

Mom also passed along my suggestion that they hire Kyle's dad to be their new plant manager.

Dad looked at me and asked, "Do you think he'd want the job? He's been working at Carson's for a long time."

"He doesn't really have much of a choice. And yeah, as long as the job offer didn't sound like charity I'm pretty sure he'd be interested."

I told them what Kyle told us about his dad's health problems growing up and why he decided to quit school. But we all knew that he was the perfect man for the job. He's organized, self starting, a wizard with machinery, and probably the most honest man we know.

Dad promised to call him and see if he was interested. Then he told us about his trip to China. He has been there several times in the past. We've learned a lot about China from his stories of his previous trips. The main topic of conversation was the result of his meetings which went very well.

Dad was exhausted. It's a long trip with almost as much time spent in airports as in the air. But when we got home he paused in the garage to examine the GTX and ask how it was running.

I raved about the car, of course. It's been perfect, flawless. It's better than a new car. The look on his face said that he almost wished he could trade with me. But he smiled at my enthusiasm. He was happy for me, pleased that he could be responsible for how excited I was over the car. We stood together, staring at the car and talking about it for a few minutes. Finally we grabbed his bags and went inside.

It was obvious that mom and dad wanted to be alone so I said goodnight and went to my room.

After coffee the next morning I went over and picked up Kala. When I dropped her off yesterday her mother had some errands for her to run this morning. I offered to drive her just so that we could spend more time together.

I picked her up in dad's Mercedes. He wanted to take my car for a drive. He was curious to see if it was as much fun as he remembered. I think that mom was more nervous about him driving it than about me driving it.

I don't mind driving dad's new Mercedes. He bought the S600 about six or seven months ago. I don't know if it's really worth the hundred and fifty thousand dollars he paid for it. But it's a damn nice car. This was the first time that I picked Kala up in it. She was certainly impressed.

We tooled around town running errands. Since I didn't have to keep changing gears we were at least able to hold hands. But I knew that when I started looking around for my next car it was going to have to have a bench seat in the front. I hate having that fucking console between us.

By the time we finished our errands it was time to go to Kala's house for the cookout. We stopped at my house to pick up my parents. When we went inside mom and dad were ready with a cooler of drinks and a couple bowls of food mom was taking.

I introduced Kala to my dad. He smiled and said, "My goodness! Your mother wasn't kidding, Dean. What is a beautiful girl like this doing with you?!"

I laughed and said, "Thanks dad. Way to build up my self esteem!"

Before we left, Kala cleared her throat and in a halting voice indicating that she was very uncomfortable about something she suddenly said, "I don't know how much Dean told you about my family."

She hesitated and blushed while she seemed to try to figure out how best to say what she was thinking.

Finally she sighed and said, "We aren't rich. We don't have a pool or a big fancy house. I just ... I don't want you to think..."

Mom put down the bowls she was carrying and put her arms around Kala. She gave her a hug and said, "There you go sounding like a blonde! Listen, little girl! We've had a lot of luck in our lives and we know it. But we didn't start out living in a nice house like this. The first eight years of our marriage we lived in a tiny rental trailer in a run down, crime infested trailer park.

"We don't judge people by how much money they have. I've talked to your mother on the phone and I like her. She sounds like a lot of fun. I'm looking forward to this afternoon. As long as I don't hear gun shots all afternoon I'll be just fine."

Kala laughed self consciously. She was still blushing. She said, "I'm sorry. I just ... I love my parents and I'm proud of them. But I didn't want you to think..."

Mom laughed and said, "It's okay. I understand. And don't worry. I'll try to behave myself so I don't embarrass you."

She handed Kala a bowl, I grabbed one end of the cooler and we went back out to the car. We put the cooler in the trunk. I got in back with Kala. Dad got in and said, "You two behave back there. I have a mirror."

In response, I put my arm around Kala, pulled her close and kissed her.

Dad laughed and said to mom, "I guess behave has a different meaning now than when we were young."

On the ride to Kala's house dad raved about my car. I got the impression, though, that he was not telling me everything. He didn't want mom to know that he still has that much teenager in him.

Kala was still nervous about how our parents were going to get along. She needn't have been concerned. As I have already learned, her parents have a great sense of humor and my parents are just as weird. The two couples were quickly at ease and enjoying each other's company.

I was getting worried, though. I was afraid the mood might be spoiled if Kala's parents saw how often I had to remove their daughter's hands from my privates. She relaxed significantly when she saw how well our families got along. But when she no longer had that to worry about she concentrated on teasing me.

Even more embarrassing, her little sister caught her several times. She came over to where we were sitting once and said, "If you guys want to sneak up to our room I'll cover for you."

Now I was the one blushing. Kala thought it was amusing.

At three o'clock I went to pick up my brother. The bus was due to return everyone from geek camp at three-thirty. I drove over to the intermediate school to pick him up. Kala and Sam both came with me.

Sam got in and fastened her seatbelt. As we were pulling away she exclaimed, "Damn! I didn't know you were rich! You seem so normal!"

I looked at her in the rearview mirror and said, "We aren't rich. My parents have their own business and it's been doing pretty well in the last couple of years. I guess we're upper middleclass. And I'd appreciate it if you two stop picking on me!"

Kala leaned over and said, "Oh, poor baby. Would you like me to make it up to you?"

Her hand was back in my lap. I heard Sam giggling in the back seat when she saw it.

I gently and regretfully removed Kala's hand from my lap and held it on the armrest between our seats. I thought it best to warn them about my brother before they met him. I usually leave that chore to my parents. So I wasn't really sure how to say this.

I turned off the radio and said, "Before we get there, there's something you need to know about Tony. He's a good kid. I love him like a brother. But he sometimes makes people uncomfortable until they get to know him."

Sam asked, "What's wrong with him?"

"Nothing is wrong with him. But he isn't like most of us. He's smarter than Einstein. His IQ tested right off the charts. They can't even measure how smart he is. For fun he reads college text books or scientific journals. He could probably build a super computer from the contents of the junk drawer in your kitchen.

"Sometimes he seems to people who don't know him like he's a little slow. But that's just because if the conversation gets boring to him his mind wanders. Sometimes he does complicated math problems in his head just to amuse himself.

"He's a good kid. He has a nice sense of humor. You just have to understand him."

Sam seemed fascinated. She wanted to know more about him. She was curious about why he was just graduating from the ninth grade instead of college like the geniuses she saw on television.

I explained that our parents want him to stay with his peer group. He is taking college courses along with his normal school work, though. They offered him the option of going straight to college. But after looking into it, and talking with two kids who went that route, they decided that there's no rush. Tony has a lot of friends and he plays sports. They're in no hurry for him to grow up.

Sam asked, "Does he have a girlfriend?"

Now I was curious. I asked her, "How come you don't know him? You're the same age. Weren't you in the ninth grade?"

She shook her head and said, "No. I didn't get a couple of the subjects I needed when we lived in India. When we moved to Australia I had to repeat the year. I just graduated from the eighth grade."

Then she said, "You didn't answer the question."

I laughed and replied, "No. He doesn't have a girlfriend. He's scared to death of girls."

I smiled at Kala and asked, "Sound familiar?"

Sam chuckled and said, "Oh yeah. It took you a year. And even then she had to make the first move. God! She used to get so mad at you!"

We pulled into the parking lot at the school. There were a lot of cars waiting. The bus hadn't arrived yet. I parked and shut the car off. Sam took her seatbelt off and sat up so that she was leaning in between the backs of our seats.

Even with her sister there I still had to keep a tight grip on Kala's hand to keep it out of my lap. Sam saw what was going on and laughed. She said, "I don't mind. You can let her play with your dick. She told me some of the things you guys do."

Kala saw the shock on my face and laughed. She said, "Relax. She's old enough to start learning about sex."

I could feel my face burning at the thought that she was aware of some of the things we've been doing. I finally responded, "She may be old enough to learn. But I don't know that I want to be a training aid!"

I dreaded the answer. But I felt like I had to know. I looked at Sam in the mirror and asked, "What has she told you?"

Sam had such an evil grin on her cute little face when she turned to Kala and said, "Everything?"

Kala furrowed her brows in thought for a moment and then smiled and said, "Everything."

I moaned and slumped in my seat. She took advantage of my shock to pull her hand free and put it back in my lap. Her fingers found my cock and it quickly started to grow despite my embarrassment.

Kala gave my cock a gentle squeeze and said, "You really do need to relax. It's just sex. You Americans make such a big deal out of it. Don't you and your brother ever talk about sex, about girls?"

I thought about it for a moment before I answered honestly, "No. Not that I can remember. Of course, unlike you, I didn't have anything to tell him. I was a virgin until Monday."

Sam said, "Maybe it's time that your brother and I both learn more."

Thankfully I didn't have to respond to that. The bus from geek camp pulled up and we got out to greet Tony.

There was a crowd of parents around the bus when the kids started getting off. We hung back, leaning against the side of the car. I was standing with my arm around Kala's shoulder. Just before Tony emerged from the crowd pulling his suitcase toward us, Sam lifted my other arm and placed it around her shoulder.

It was then that Tony spotted us. He came to a sudden stop and stared in disbelief at me with my arm around two nearly identical beautiful blondes. We went over to meet him halfway. I took his suitcase from him and said, "Welcome home, Einstein. How was girl scout camp?"

He gaped at Kala and Sam. He ignored my sarcastic question and asked, "Have I returned to an alternate universe?! You with a girl! Two girls! Two beautiful girls!! This is not the big brother I left behind a week ago."

I introduced everyone. He said hello, and then he turned to Kala and said, "I've seen you around school. I never expected to see you with Dean. What's a beautiful girl like you doing with him?"

Kala went up and put her arms around Tony. He looked like he was going to panic when she smiled and kissed his cheek. She said, "I think I'm going to like you! Welcome home."

Then she turned to me and asked, "Why does everyone ask me that question? Is there something wrong with you that I don't know about?"

I laughed and replied, "No. I'm pretty sure you know all the things that are wrong with me."

Tony was disappointed. He thought I was going to pick him up in my car. But I promised him a ride tomorrow. That seemed to satisfy him.

We got in and I listened in amusement as both girls flirted with the poor kid all the way back to Kala's house. He told us a little about the camp. But he was more interested in how I finally got together with Kala.

It was all pretty amusing until Kala turned her attention back to sexually harassing me and I heard Sam whispering to Tony in the back seat.

I had to fight her off again. I didn't want our parents to see me walking in with an erection. As it turned out, I managed to avoid it. But when he got out of the car in their driveway a few minutes later, Tony had to discreetly adjust the bulge in the front of his pants.

I don't know what she did. But Sam seemed pretty damn proud of herself.

Everyone greeted us when we walked in. Mom and dad welcomed Tony home and introduced him to the Wendells. Mom got him a plate of food and they tried to draw him out about the camp. It wasn't easy. He's never been much of a talker. He's even more shy than me.

After he ate, our parents went back to talking among themselves. Sam talked Tony into taking a look at the old computer that she and her sister share. They're having a problem with it freezing up. Tony was happy to take a look at it. He's more comfortable around computers than people anyway.

All four of us went to the bedroom they share. It's a temporary arrangement. Their house is pretty old and the wiring in Sam's room had gotten screwed up somehow. They had to tear out the sheetrock, replace the wiring and then put the walls back up.

Their dad and a neighbor are doing the work themselves so it's taking a few weeks to get it done.

Kala guided me to her bed and pushed me down. She squeezed into my lap and guided one of my hands under her top as if we were all alone in the room. When I tried to behave myself she swore and exclaimed in exasperation, "Damn it! Stop playing hard to get. I'm horny!"

I had been watching Sam and Tony. Sam was watching her big sister with a huge smile on her face. Tony's face was bright red and he was trying very hard to concentrate on the computer that was slowly booting up in front of him.

Kala ignored them. She put her arm around my neck and said, "We can hear anyone coming upstairs in plenty of time. Wouldn't you like a blowjob? Sam wants to see the trick that Ricky taught me yesterday."

I exclaimed, "Kala! Are you out of your mind?!"

I glanced over at our siblings. They were both staring at us openly now. Sam got up and took Tony's hand. She pulled him to his feet and exclaimed, "Come on! You gotta see this!"

She guided Tony over to where I was struggling with Kala and sat him down near me on the bed. She sat on the other side of him and put her arms around him. She was looking at us over his shoulder with an expectant smile on her face.

Kala slid out of my lap and worked herself onto the floor between my legs. I exclaimed, "Kala! You're going to get us killed!"

She just smiled up at me and slowly pulled her t-shirt off. I heard Tony gasp. But I couldn't look at him. She put her shirt on the bed and as she unfastened her bra she said, "If you want to get this over with quickly and avoid getting caught you had best start cooperating. The more you fight me the longer it will take."

I finally gave in. I didn't think that there was a chance in hell I could reach orgasm. I was much too scared. But I certainly wanted this to be over with.

I helped her unfasten my pants and together we pulled them down to halfway down my thighs. I refused to let her lower them any further. I wanted to be able to pull them up in a hurry if need be.

She took my cock in her hand and caressed it lovingly. She smiled at Sam and said, "Watch this. You aren't going to believe it!"

I fell back across the bed and stared at the ceiling as Kala began to suck my cock in front of my stunned brother and her very interested sister.

She started out just like she usually does. But then she started letting my cock slide into her throat. I had mixed emotions about that. It felt kind of nice at first. But it reminded me of yesterday and that didn't help. I was still pretty upset about the things that Ricky did to her yesterday. And after a while the hesitation that occurred when my cock first slipped into her throat half way through the down stroke was starting to bother me. But I didn't say anything this time. I just wanted this over with before we got caught.

I heard Sam say, "Come on. Let's help her."

She was sitting behind him and his head nearly spun all the way around. In a loud whisper he exclaimed, "What?! I'm not sucking his cock!"

She giggled and said, "No silly. We tease her to turn her on more so she can cum when she sucks him off. Come on. I'll tell you what to do. She told me all about it."

Tony looked at me. Our eyes met and I said, "Just do it! I don't want this to be the place where I die."

Sam guided him down beside Kala and told him to reach under her and play with her tit. I was still scared. But this was amusing. I couldn't miss this.

I watched him slowly reach out and place his hand around her breast. She moaned when he touched her and of course that felt great to me.

Sam told him to squeeze her breast gently. But apparently she wasn't satisfied. She lifted her own shirt and bra over her breasts and guided his free hand to her breast. She showed him how to make her breast feel good.

The look on his face as he knelt there with two girl's breasts in his hands was something I will never forget. It killed me that I didn't have my camera.

Sam finally seemed satisfied. She said, "That's it. Now, let me get her shorts down and we'll make it really good for her."

Sam pulled Kala's shorts and panties down about halfway to her knees. I almost had to laugh at the excitement on her face. She guided one of Tony's hands between Kala's thighs to her pussy. She smiled and said, "Just press your hand against her pussy and rub it back and forth. Not too hard. That's it. Isn't that exciting?"

Tony couldn't speak. I thought that there was a good chance that Tony might never speak again!

I was surprised to discover that I was quickly getting close to climaxing. This was a hilarious situation if you stopped to think about it. But shit! I'm sixteen and always horny. And a blowjob is a blowjob no matter how strange the circumstances.

Kala was beginning to react to what Tony was doing and her moans of pleasure were about to drive me out of my mind.

And then she moaned loudly one more time and shuddered in orgasm. I felt her start to cum and that was all I could take. I came in her mouth.

I waited until my cock started to soften and I gently lifted her head. I kissed her and quietly exclaimed, "You crazy cunt! I love you."

She laughed and said, "I love you, too. I'm quickly getting fond of your brother as well."

I laughed and said, "Don't get too attached. It looks like he's going to have a heart attack at any moment."

Tony had stopped moving when her thighs clamped down on his wrist. But he was still holding her breast and her pussy in his hands.

I smiled down at Sam and said, "You're even worse than your sister!"

She smiled back and said, "Not yet. But I'm going to be."

She reached down and placed her hand on Tony's stomach, just above the bulge of his hard cock. She took his hand from Kala's breast and put it back on hers. Then she said, "Let me suck your cock now. Please, Tony. I've never done it before. I want to try it."

Tony looked at me as if he needed my permission. I shrugged and said, "Don't look at me. I can't fight them. You might as well let her do it and get it over with. Don't worry. It won't take long. I don't think I lasted a whole minute the first time. It really is exciting."

Sam wasn't at all self conscious and didn't appear the least bit nervous either. She got to her feet and helped Tony up. I stood up, pulled my pants back in place and got out of their way.

Sam pulled Tony's jeans down and pushed him back down on the bed where I had been sitting. I was kind of embarrassed. He's a little more than a year younger than me. But his cock looks slightly larger.

Sam stared at it in awe for a few seconds before she reached up and cautiously touched it for the first time. Tony moaned and his cock jumped violently.

Sam grinned and said, "I think it likes me!"

Kala was still on her knees with her top off and her pants down to her knees. She leaned her breasts against Tony's thigh and began to give Sam advice on how to be a good cocksucker.

I watched her face closely. She was more eager to take his cock into her mouth than I would have thought possible. She and her sister are quite a pair! I think I love them both!

Sam probably had Tony's cock in her mouth for less than thirty seconds when he made a strangled noise and tensed up. I watched as Sam's eyes got wide and her mouth filled with what was probably a huge mouthful of cum. But she didn't gag or choke and she certainly didn't try to pull away.

I heard Kala giggle and then quietly say, "Remember what I told you. His cock is very sensitive now. Just hold it in your mouth for a minute. Then you can swallow and do it again."

Kala turned to me then and said, "Come on. It's only fair that she should cum, too."

I was more than a little uncomfortable with the idea of feeling up a fourteen year old girl. I asked, "Did you discuss this with her?"

Kala smiled and shrugged. Then she said, "We didn't have this all planned out. But we have talked about things we thought we would enjoy doing. There isn't a script to follow. We're just experimenting ... and having fun."

I was amazed at how comfortable they seem with each other's sexuality and I couldn't help wondering. I finally had to ask, "Do you two ever... ?"

She smiled and said, "No. Not yet. But after all the fun I've had with Cass I can see it happening."

We pulled Sam's shorts and panties down and while Kala played with her sister's tits I worked my mouth into position between her legs. It was incredibly uncomfortable. The angle of attack made it nearly impossible to get my tongue into her extremely wet pussy. But a boy was touching her pussy for the first time and that was all it took to make her react very much like Tony was reacting to her warm, wet mouth on his cock.

She had several orgasms and still managed to suck Tony to one more before we all figured that we had gambled with our lives long enough. We put our clothes back in order and Kala lit a candle to cover up the smells of sex in the room.

It was several minutes before Tony was finally able to return to the computer.

Even after the sex was over and we were all presentable I didn't feel like I could relax. Now I had to worry about our parents seeing something in our faces when we rejoined them downstairs.

Tony worked his magic on their computer. But after he had it running properly he said, "I have some spare parts at home that can really speed this thing up. If you want I can put them in later in the week. I'm sure I can get Dean to bring me back."

Then he asked, "Do you just have the one computer?"

Kala nodded.

"Isn't that inconvenient?"

Sam replied, "Dad's going to buy a second one before school starts."

Tony shook his head and said, "Don't do that. I'll build you one that'll be better than anything you can buy around here."

They looked at him curiously. I laughed and explained, "His bedroom looks like a computer factory. He could probably build a couple dozen computers."

Then I suggested to Kala, "Since you two have seen fit to indoctrinate our poor innocent siblings into our little games, would you like to invite them to come to the lake with us tomorrow?"

I turned to Sam and Tony and explained, "We're going to rent canoes at High Point and paddle across the lake to the restaurant."

My brother and I are close. But we have very little in common and I almost never include him in my plans. One good reason for that is that I always assume that most of the things I do won't interest him.

He was so surprised, and so excited, that I felt kind of guilty that I haven't included him before this.

He and Sam both jumped at the offer. Kala put her arms around Tony and said, "It looks like you've got a girl friend. I hope you don't mind that we set you up this way."

"Mind?! Are you nuts?!"

She laughed and said, "If you think we're hot, wait until you see Cass with her clothes off!"

"Cass? My neighbor Cass?! Mrs. Hanson?!"

He was pretty sure he didn't believe that. He turned to me and asked, "Am I still on the bus? Am I dreaming this?"

I sighed and answered, "I ask myself every ten minutes or so if this is a dream. And I think that it must be."

I went over and put my arms around Kala and said, "But I never want to wake up."

We kissed and the kiss began to get more and more passionate until we heard steps on the staircase. We separated and I tried hard not to look guilty. Tony tried to act like he was still working on the computer.

Kala and Sam both looked perfectly normal, as if they had both not just had sex in this room.

From the top of the stairs we heard Mrs. Wendell call out, "Okay, break it up in there! I don't want to catch anyone naked when I come in. I embarrass easily."

She came in a few seconds later and asked, "How's it going? Are you getting that old egg beater working?"

Tony blushed. But he smiled nervously and said, "I've straightened out a few of the conflicts. It won't freeze up now. I have some spare parts I'm going to bring over in a couple of days. Once I replace a few things it will be just like a new computer. That's the beauty of these things. They're so easy to work on. It doesn't take much to keep them upgraded. You wouldn't want to replace a super computer with it. But it's just fine for homework and email."

Once he started talking computers he relaxed and I think that put Mrs. Wendell at ease, at least a little.

But she's a pretty smart woman. She must have figured out that something was going on in here besides computers. I almost choked when she stopped on the way out and said to Sam, "I guess it's time to get you on the pill. You two behave yourselves."

She didn't say a word to Kala and me!

As soon as their mother went back downstairs the girls cracked up. Tony and I were both freaking out. We looked at each other in shock. She knew! I don't know what she knew. But she knew there was more than a computer being tweaked in here!

How the hell could we go down there and face them now?! How could I play cards with them? They knew that I was having sex with Kala! And it didn't help that both girls found it so amusing.

But we did go downstairs. We had to.

Our parents, Tony's and mine, must have known that something happened from our guilty expressions. But they acted as if they didn't notice. Eventually we relaxed a little and even got drawn into the conversation from time to time. But I was never totally comfortable. I don't know how to deal with the idea the Kala's parents know that we are having sex. I didn't understand why they were still being so nice. Aren't they supposed to hate me?!

We finally went home just before dark. Even with the uncomfortable moments when we first came back downstairs we all had a good time. Our parents invited them to a cookout at our house next week. Dad invited Mr. Wendell to play golf with him and a couple of friends, too. But that will have to wait until they hire the plant manager they've been talking about. Dad probably hasn't had a free afternoon to play golf in over a year.

We rode halfway home in silence. Then, out of the blue mom quietly asked, "Did something happen upstairs?"

I cleared my throat and asked, "Why do you ask?"

Mom replied, "Because when Gina came back downstairs she had obviously found something very amusing. She was grinning like crazy. But she insisted that she was just amazed by Tony's computer skills. You know I'm not that naïve, right?"

Tony and I glanced at each other. I probably could have read a book by the bright red glow of his face. I was embarrassed, too. But I was more concerned with how to answer her without getting anyone in trouble.

When there was no answer to her question she turned in her seat. She glanced at Tony and then looked to me for an answer. I smiled nervously and finally said, "There were some activities that were not computer related. You probably don't want to hear the details. I can assure you that it wasn't as bad as whatever it is you might be thinking ... probably."

She turned back in her seat and was quiet for a minute. Then she said, "I want grandchildren ... but not yet. You two be careful, and responsible. If you do anything to hurt those two nice girls I'll be very disappointed."

Tony breathed a sigh of relief when he realized he wasn't in trouble. I smiled and said, "Don't worry, mom. We like them more than you do. And we didn't do anything 'to' them."

When we got home I helped Tony take his things upstairs. He was so excited about what happened to him tonight that he could hardly speak. And yet he was dying to talk about it. It was pretty funny.

I finally said, "Calm down. We'll talk about it later."

Dad was on the phone in his home office when we got back downstairs. We waited until he finished with his call. Then Tony finally got to tell us more about his week. He was pretty disappointed. It had been fun. It was geared towards geeks. But when you have a brain like his it takes a lot to keep you stimulated. He ended up doing more teaching than learning.
Chapter 11
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 11
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:58:08 am

Cass came over after breakfast the next morning. She came in and had a cup of coffee with us. We left at about eight thirty to pick up the girls. Mom didn't say anything. But she gave us a warning look that said it all.

I went in and said good morning at Kala's house. I was really amazed that Mrs. Wendell seemed a lot less concerned than my mother was. She kissed me on the cheek and gave me a friendly hug. The girls were still upstairs getting ready to go. I sat with their parents in the kitchen for a few minutes. They were looking forward to playing pinochle later. I had forgotten that was this evening. But I was looking forward to it, too. I like Kala's parents. They make me feel right at home. I have quickly come to feel like I have known them for years. I had already almost forgotten about the embarrassment I experienced yesterday.

The girls finally came down and we headed for Kyle's house. We decided to try squeezing into my car instead of taking two vehicles to High Point. We are a pretty friendly group so it wasn't that difficult. Kala sat in the front passenger seat. Sam sat on Tony's lap. Cass sat in the middle of the back seat and Kyle sat beside her with his arm around her.

As soon as we were on the road, Kyle said, "Turn the radio off, Dean. I need to ask you a question."

He sounded very serious.

I turned off the radio. He asked, "Did you know that your father called my father last night?"

I answered, "I knew he made a phone call. I didn't hear any of it. I didn't know who he was talking to."

Kyle was quiet for a moment. Then he said, "Your father offered dad a job. Did you have anything to do with that?"

I knew what he was thinking. He's just like his father. If he thought someone was giving him charity he would be very upset. He didn't want anyone to think of him as needy.

I carefully phrased my reply. "When mom came home from work on Friday she talked about hiring a plant manager. The company has grown so much that it has gotten to be too much for my parents to do it all. She told me they were going to hire someone and what kind of person they were looking for. I thought about your dad. I suggested that they consider him. He has all of the qualities they're looking for in a manager and they already know him, like him, and trust him. She said that she would talk to my father about it when he got home from China."

I still couldn't tell what Kyle was thinking. I asked, "Do you have a problem with that?"

Our eyes met in the mirror when I glanced back. He sighed and said, "My head is reeling. You didn't hear any of the conversation?"

I shook my head.

He said, "Dad is taking the job. Did they tell you how much they are going to pay him?"

I shook my head again.

He asked, "Do you know what my dad makes now?"

Before I could respond he said, "He makes less than twenty thousand dollars a year and has no benefits, no medical, no retirement, nothing. Your dad is going to start him out at a hundred and twenty-five thousand a year, with medical, a retirement plan, and annual bonuses."

Our eyes met in the mirror again. I asked, "So why do I get the impression that you're mad at me?"

He shook his head and said, "I'm not mad. I just wonder if things will be different between us now that my father works for your father."

"Why? You've been my best friend since before we started going to school. I'm happy for your father. But what our parents do has no effect on our relationship, unless you think your too damned good for me now."

Kyle finally smiled and exclaimed, "Fuck you!"

Cass said, "Hang on! If anyone gets fucked around here it's going to be me!"

Then she remembered the virgins sitting beside her and blushed. She glanced at Tony and Sam and said, "Sorry. I forgot about you two kids. I'm used to being more sailor like when I'm around those three."

Sam smiled and said, "I've been looking forward to meeting you ... both of you. Kala has told me a lot about you. Don't feel you have to watch what you say around me."

Cass looked back and forth between Kala and Sam and smiled. She asked, "How much did Kala tell you about me?"

Sam smiled and said, "Kala and I tell each other everything."

I looked in the mirror and saw how uncomfortable that made Cass.

Kala turned in her seat and said, "I think that you two are making Kyle and Cass a little uncomfortable. They usually can't keep their hands off of each other. Why don't you tell them what you did last night? Maybe then they won't be so embarrassed."

Sam smiled and lifted Tony's hand up until it was cupping her breast. Then she proceeded to tell them about her first blowjob and the first time she had her pussy eaten. She was quite graphic. And she seemed a lot less embarrassed than Tony was.

While Sam was describing in vivid detail the events that took place in her room last night, she pulled her t-shirt up, pulled her bikini bra up off of her breasts and Tony replaced it with his hands.

Kyle needed no more encouragement than that. He pulled Cass's shirt up, uncovered her breasts and began to explore. After nearly running off the road I had to start paying more attention to my driving. So I missed most of the fun and games for the next ten minutes.

It was still early when I pulled into the parking lot at High Point. The boat rental kiosk was just opening up. Ours was the first car in the parking lot. I went over and rented three canoes and picked up the paddles and life vests while Kyle and Tony grabbed the cooler and locked up the car.

When we got down to the dock I split the equipment up between the three canoes while first Kala and then Cass removed their shorts and tops. Sam was watching them and grinning widely. When they were standing there in only their bikini bottoms she asked, "Aren't you worried about getting arrested?"

Kala shrugged and replied, "The shore is deserted and we can see any other boats approaching us in plenty of time to put something on if we need to."

Sam laughed nervously and said, "You guys are so fucking cool!"

She stripped down to her bikini bottoms and then the two of them slathered Cass with sun block so she wouldn't turn into a freckle. When Cass was covered in oil they did Kala and then Sam with lighter coats.

Kyle and I adjusted the seats in the three canoes so that the girls would be comfortable on the cushions on the floor between our legs. Once everyone was aboard we cast off and started paddling along the shore at a leisurely pace.

Now that Kyle and Cass were no longer inhibited by the presence of Sam and Tony, and Tony had begun to relax, we started having a lot more fun. We talked and laughed and joked and just enjoyed the hell out of a beautiful day on the lake.

I was talked into telling Sam and Tony about my first afternoon with Cass last Monday. I told them about how she had come to our house and that she thought I was going to blackmail her that first day. I didn't really blackmail her. But I played along and we both enjoyed the hell out of it.

No one could believe that I hadn't already shown Tony the pictures I've been taking. I probably would have. But he only just got home last night. He went to bed early. My new collection of homemade porn never came up.

Not quite half the distance to the floating restaurant we came to a small grassy area on the shore that looked like a good place to put in and relax for a while. Except for a narrow opening it was protected from view on the waterside by some blueberry bushes and it isn't accessible from land. We pulled in and stretched out our towels, forming one large blanket.

We looked around to make sure there were no other boaters in the area. Then we all dropped our trunks and bikini bottoms and stretched out on the blanket. Kyle, Cass, Kala and I all started making out like crazy. Tony was holding back until Sam said, "It's okay, Tony. I can't get pregnant."

Tony was apparently uncomfortable having this conversation within earshot of the rest of us, but he whispered back, "You're a virgin. I don't want to hurt you. And how do you know you won't get pregnant? You aren't on the pill."

Sam rolled over on top of Tony and smiled down at him. She was gently massaging his hard cock with her pussy and the effects on my little brother were obvious. She leaned down and kissed him. Then she said, "I don't have a hymen. And I won't get pregnant because my period is going to start in the next two or three days. I can't get pregnant and you won't hurt me. Just take it easy at first and give me a chance to get used to it."

I didn't open my eyes. I continued to feel up Kala and kiss my way down her sexy body. In between kisses I said, "I'm not listening, of course. That would be rude. But if I did overhear a little of that I'd suggest that if you were to kiss your way down her body the way I am doing now with Kala, you would probably both enjoy it very much. And if you were to spend ten or fifteen minutes eating her sweet young pussy before you raped the poor innocent girl she would probably be more than ready for you to ruin her with that horrible weapon of mass destruction hanging down between your legs."

They looked at each other for a few seconds. Then Sam stretched out on her back and Tony rolled over and took her in his arms. They started kissing. They were a little clumsy at first. But they seemed to get comfortable quickly as the passion of their first serious make-out session began to take over.

It was obviously the first time for Tony. He moved much too quickly and clumsily. He seemed more intent on exploring her body to satisfy himself than to please her. But it was her first time, too, and she seemed to be enjoying it anyway. I guess we can work on style later.

After he spent far too short a time on her breasts and moved on, Kala lifted my head and said, "Take a break. We can finish up later. Let's give them a hand."

We got up and knelt on either side of Sam. We leaned over her and kissed each other. I whispered, "I love you."

She smiled and said, "I adore you."

Then we bent down and began to lick and suck and gently nip at Sam's swollen, sensitive young breasts. Sam started going crazy very quickly. And when Tony began to taste her pussy for the first time she screamed in pleasure.

Before she could scream a second time, Cass came closer and bent down to kiss her lips. Sam had her eyes closed. I don't think she even knew who was kissing her at first. But when she opened her eyes and saw Cass she didn't seem upset. She put her arms around Cass's neck and returned her kiss violently.

Since there was no room for Kyle, he got into position behind Cass and started slowly fucking her from behind. We went on like that for a long time. Sam had orgasm after violent orgasm until she couldn't stand it any longer. She started struggling and pushing us away. She begged us to stop.

We backed off and I said to Tony, "Hold her for a minute. Let her catch her breath. Then I think she might like it if you made love to her."

There was no room for anyone to be alone in our little clearing. But we each began to make love to our own partners as if we were. The sounds of pleasure from the other couples probably added a little extra stimulation. But for a while it was like Kala and I were all alone, making love on a blanket in the grass beside that quiet lake. We kissed and we touched and we made love while staring into each other's eyes. We were so intent on pleasing each other that we had no idea how long it went on. I made love to her slowly and she had half a dozen orgasms before I finally came. We didn't realize until we finished that the couple on either side of us had finished and they were lying beside us watching.

But when we became aware of it we didn't mind. We've spent too much time with Cass and Kyle to be bothered by an audience. I suppose that if we knew they were watching us it would have just added to our pleasure.

We rested for a few minutes. Then we waded out into the cool water of the lake and rinsed off. We stayed in the water until we spotted a canoe coming our way. We didn't want to take a chance on offending anyone so we climbed back out of the water and lay on our towels to dry off in the sun.

We watched the canoe approach slowly. The couple in it must have seen us skinny dipping. They stopped paddling when they reached the opening to our clearing. They were in their late twenties or early thirties. They smiled warmly and the woman asked, "Excuse me. We aren't from around here. We saw you in the water and we were wondering if nudity is permitted here?"

I sat up and said, "No. Not really. But as long as you aren't up in anyone's face they don't bother you. The trick is to stay away from other boats on the lake or find a deserted clearing like this one. You don't have to worry about cops so much as boats with kids in them. If you expose yourself to someone's kids they might raise a little hell. But it isn't unusual to spot people getting a little sun around the lake and most people don't seem to mind."

They thanked us and moved on. By then we had dried off and it was time to head down the shore to the restaurant. We put our trunks or bikini bottoms on, as appropriate. After packing our towels and the cooler we got back in our canoes. We paddled slowly down the shore toward the restaurant. A couple of times we passed near other canoes or kayaks and the girls had to cover their breasts with their tops. But for most of the trip they were topless.

It wasn't long before we passed the couple who stopped to ask about the nudity laws. They were in a small clearing, stretched out in the sun in the nude. They waved as we paddled by.

I kept my eyes on Sam as we neared the restaurant. I was curious to see how she would react to having her breasts on display to the customers seated out on the decks. She's been here before, of course. She knows that most of the people on those three decks are going to be kids that we know from school.

She was pretty amusing. She was apparently taking her cue from Kala and Cass. She seemed to be enjoying herself. It began to look as though the three girls were playing an undeclared game of chicken, each not wanting to be the first to chicken out and put her top on.

Tony, on the other hand, looked like he was going to have a stroke as we got closer and closer to the dock. We were less than fifty feet from docking when Cass chickened out and all three girls put their bras on.

We could see that the beautiful breast display had not gone unnoticed. People were leaning out over the railings on all three levels, watching us even after the girls were covered up.

We arrived before eleven. Sunday brunch was in full swing. It's a popular place at any time. But during the summer months there are always a lot more teens here than families. Kala and Sam had just exposed their breasts to a lot of their classmates.

We tied the canoes to the dock and got out. We helped the girls out and as Sam stood on the dock with fifty or sixty people staring at us she smiled and quietly said, "Son of a bitch! I never realized that I was an exhibitionist! Fuck lunch! Let's go back to the clearing!"

We all laughed and Kyle said, "We'll stop there on the way back. I'm sure that Dean doesn't want to get in trouble with your parents for bringing you home horny."

We were seated on the third level today. We knew most of the kids around us and were greeted warmly as we were led to our table. There were quite a few comments from the guys, the kind of things you might expect from horny teenage boys. But it was all in good fun and we teased them right back.

While we were waiting for our drinks to be delivered a couple of the girls from our class came over. One of them, Denise, rested her arms on Kala's shoulders and said with a smile, "You fucking slut! I never knew you had such huge balls!"

I laughed and said, "Not that I know for sure, but I'm pretty sure there are no balls anywhere on her."

Denise smiled innocently and replied, "We never thought for a moment that you were aware of it, Dean, you guys being virgins and all."

Then she said to Kala, "Do you have any idea how many cell phones were pointed at your tits as you approached the dock today?"

Kala smiled and said, "I don't care about a bunch of fuzzy cell phone pictures. You should see the ones that Dean took with his new digital camera. Now those are some good pictures!"

Denise laughed and said, "I'd love to! Invite me over. But where the hell did all this come from? You were always so quiet and unassuming."

Kala chuckled and said, "That was just a trap that I was setting for Dean. And look! It worked!"

One of the guys at a nearby table was listening. He chimed in, "Damned nice trap, Kala. We all love your bait."

She grinned and said, "Thanks, Jim. I'd hate to think I've spent all these years growing them and nobody appreciated them."

Our friends returned to their table. As she walked past Kyle, Denise ran her fingers lightly down the back of his neck and said in a flirty voice, "Hey, Kyle."

Kyle blushed and said, "Hi."

We all looked at him. He just smiled and shrugged.

Several times during our leisurely lunch other friends stopped by to say hello. There were more comments about the way the girls were dressed when we paddled up. But no one made a big deal of it.

All during lunch, Kala kept resting her hand on my cock and lightly squeezing and massaging it. I could see some of the kids around us watching and smiling. It was kind of embarrassing because with her doing that my cock stayed hard. But every time I took her hand away she put it right back.

I decided to get even. I put my hand on her thigh and quickly worked it up until it was resting over the small patch of cloth that covered her pussy. At first she just smiled and let me play. But when she realized that the kids were watching her now she started trying to move my hand away without making a fuss.

I'm a hell of a lot stronger than her. She couldn't move my hand. I started rubbing her crotch, sliding my middle finger over her clit and applying a gentle pressure to the entire area.

Eventually everyone at our table became aware of what I was doing. But that wasn't what embarrassed her. All of our friends at the tables around us were sitting in silence now and staring at us.

She whispered loudly, "Dean! Cut it out! Everyone is watching!"

I smiled and said, "Yes, they certainly are. I wonder what they're going to think when you have an orgasm right here at the table."

She tried to look serious when she exclaimed, "You wouldn't dare!"

But there was a challenge in her tone that I couldn't ignore. I grinned and worked my hand right down inside of her little bikini. I gently inserted two fingers inside of her steamy pussy and began to rub her clit with my palm.

She fought it at first. But after a couple of minutes she leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes. Her breathing became deep and labored and in less than two minutes she grabbed my wrist and began grinding her pussy against my hand as her entire body shivered violently and she bit her lip to keep from crying out.

We were surrounded by total silence now. Everyone around us knew what was going on.

She finally went limp and released my wrist from her iron grip. She slowly opened her eyes and said, "You son of a bitch! God I love you!"

She sat up and wrapped her arms around my neck. She kissed me so hard it hurt and the kids at the tables all around us started applauding loudly. She bit my lip and started laughing like crazy. Finally she said, "I'm going to hold you to your word, Dean. If you don't marry me I'll kill myself. I adore you."

I pulled her closer and said, "If I don't marry you I'll already be dead. That's the only thing that could stop me."

It took a while for everyone to settle down. We finished our meal and paid. But we couldn't leave right away. We had to sip our drinks and relax for a few minutes before my cock would settle down and we could leave.

My cock, and probably Kyle's and Tony's as well, finally returned to their flaccid state. At last we were able to stand up without embarrassing ourselves and we went back out to the canoes. The guys got in first to stabilize them and help the girls in. While they were waiting for us to get seated all three girls looked at each other and without a word they removed their tops again.

I would have expected a lot of crude comments and loud whistles from the crowd that I knew was watching from the restaurant. But there was surprisingly little of that.

As soon as we were far enough away that we could talk without being overheard the girls started laughing and calling each other sluts and cunts for walking around topless in front of so many kids from our school. Kala took some ribbing about her public orgasm. But she actually seemed pretty proud of herself.

When we came to that nice little clearing we stopped in on the way to the restaurant we pulled in and made ourselves comfortable again. By comfortable I mean naked, of course.

Sam and Tony were treated to a sight that Kyle and I have already enjoyed several times. Kala started putting more sun block on Cass's beautiful body and before long they started getting carried away.

I watched Sam, curious to see how she would react to seeing her sister making love to another woman. Her reactions were obvious as they began to evolve. First she was amused. Then, when she realized how far her sister and Cass were going to go and that they have obviously done this before I saw a little bit of shock creep in.

But it was clear as she continued to watch that she was getting just as turned on as the three of us guys were. When Cass and Kala moved into a sixty-nine, Tony pulled Sam closer so that she was leaning back against his chest and his hands gently teased her breasts and her tight little pussy.

I have to assume that she didn't disapprove of what her sister and Cass were doing. She enjoyed several orgasms, quickly succumbing to my brother's unskilled touch while she stared in awe at the sex show taking place right before her eyes.

They got another shock when, after several explosive orgasms, Kala and Cass moved apart and I began making love to Cass while Kala pulled Kyle over her and guided his hard cock to her freshly eaten pussy.

I know that Kala has been talking to Sam about some of our exploits. But from the look on Sam's face when Cass and I started making love at her feet I guess that she failed to mention that we liked to keep things interesting by switching off.

We were so wrapped up in our little mini orgy that we were totally oblivious to the world outside of our little clearing. That was why we were so shocked when, after all four of us had eventually climaxed and slowly separated we heard a voice say, "I guess you were right, Dean. I don't see any balls hanging down between your girl's legs. At least not since Kyle got off of her."

All six of us just about had a heart attack. Our heads swiveled to see Denise sitting in a kayak that was nosed up against the shore between two of our canoes.

Kala grinned and said, "I don't think I'd enjoy this nearly as much if I had a set of my own."

Denise chuckled and asked, "May I join you?"

Kyle and I got up and helped her out of her kayak. She smiled, looking down at our cocks and said, "Damn! I hate coming late to the party!"

I know Denise pretty well. We've been good friends since we started school. We've never been anything but friends. But we really like each other. I was so amused now by how blasé she was about what she just witnessed that I just about forgot to be embarrassed.

We helped Denise to solid land. She removed her PFD and handed it to me. I pulled her kayak up onto the shore and dropped her vest onto the seat.

She said hello to the others, again, and said, "I hope you don't mind. I saw your boats and came over to say hello. I didn't realize I would be interrupting a ... what was that I was about to interrupt?"

Kala laughed and replied, "I'm guessing you missed most of it or you wouldn't have to ask. Have a seat."

Denise started to sit down. But then she paused and stood up again. She said, "I might as well get comfortable."

She seemed a little self conscious as she removed her t-shirt and then her bikini. But she didn't hesitate. She sat down then and said, "Okay. Now, someone please tell me what the hell is going on here! I can't believe you guys!"

She looked around and added, "I can't believe any of you. I thought I had you figured out last week."

She looked at Kala and me and said, "I was happy as hell to see you two together. It's about fucking time. And I was even happy to see that the most popular guy in our class finally got himself a girlfriend. I'll admit to being more than a little jealous. I always kind of hoped he'd ask me out. But I paddle up here, all innocent and naïve and now I don't know what the hell is going on!"

I looked around, hoping someone else would respond. But no one seemed to know what to say. I finally said, "It's a long story. Kala and I are going together. We are just ... Christ! How do I explain this? We like to include our friends sometimes."

Before I could continue, Kyle interjected, "You wanted me to ask you out?! You wouldn't even talk to me!"

She replied, "I would have. All you had to do was give me a chance. Damn! You're denser than Dean!"

Kala laughed and said, "Not really. I had to ask Kyle to get Dean to call me. He really played hard to get."

Denise turned to me and said, "Maybe that would work for me. Dean, if Kyle ever breaks up with this hot chick, whoever the hell she is, would you ask him to call me?"

I laughed and said, "Cass isn't his girlfriend. We love her. But she's just a very good friend. She's my next door neighbor. Her husband is out of town and we're keeping her from getting too lonely while he's gone."

Denise grinned and exclaimed, "No shit?! Damn! That's hot!"

Kyle said, "Dean, get her number so you can ask me to call her ... if she's still interested that is."

Denise grinned and said, "If Cass doesn't mind, I'm still interested."

Cass thought about it for a minute before she said, "It isn't that I object to having him call you. But I started out last Monday with two guys to keep me company. Now I'm down to none again! That just doesn't seem fair."

Denise smiled at Cass and said, "I'm not selfish. Kala is sharing and she seems pretty happy. And if I saw what I thought I saw before I pulled up to the shore, maybe you and I could get better acquainted, too."

Kala blushed when she realized that Denise must have seen her with Cass. But Cass is getting increasingly hard to embarrass. She smiled and said, "Kyle, I think that we just met the girl of your dreams."

Kyle smiled and said, "I'm certainly impressed. I always thought she was pretty. But until now I thought she was normal."

I was a little surprised. I thought I knew everything about my best friend. I never realized he was attracted to Denise. I turned to him and said, "How come you never said anything? You know that Denise and I are good friends. I could have at least talked to her, found out if she was interested."

Kyle replied, "You know what my schedule was like. It was always all that I could do to keep up with my schoolwork and work two part time jobs. I never had time to date. Not until now."

Denise asked, "What changed?"

Kyle smiled and said, "My dad has a new job. He has ordered me to quit my jobs and concentrate on school. I'm finally going to have a chance at a normal life."

Denise turned to me and said, "Would you ask Kyle if he would go out with me?"

I grinned and asked, "Are you sure you want to do that after seeing what you just saw? If you start dating Kyle there isn't any telling whose lap you'll end up in."

She looked around and said, "I don't see any laps here that I'd object to ending up in. Look at that smile on Kala's face. She doesn't look like she's suffering from all the abuse."

The seven of us were sitting in a circle on our stretched out towels. Sam and Tony hadn't said a word since Denise showed up. I think that Tony felt a little overwhelmed by all of the female flesh on display and by his sudden exposure to all of this free sex.

Sam, on the other hand, obviously found this all very amusing. She looked anxious to expand her own horizons, too. She just enjoyed watching her sister having sex with a married woman and then with my best friend. She has enjoyed everything to which she's been exposed so far. She had a great time in their bedroom yesterday afternoon and an even better time in this clearing earlier when we stopped here on the way to the restaurant. She's clearly interested in experimenting with more than a monogamous relationship with Tony.

I wasn't quite sure yet how Tony feels about that. We've never really talked much, certainly not about the subject of sex. I don't have any idea how open minded he might be.

I wasn't sure how close Denise and Kala are, either. I know they're friends. But from the way they're looking at each other I get the definite impression that they're planning on getting a lot closer.

As if they were reading my mind, Kala got to her feet. She looked around and then turned back to Denise and asked, "Would you mind helping me get cleaned up a little?"

Denise smiled and held out her hand. Kala helped her up and then they both reached out to help Cass to her feet. We watched the girls wade out into the lake. They stood in water just above their pussies and whispered among themselves as they gently rinsed each other off. They took their sweet time and I was amused by how much caressing seemed to be involved.

They were soon joined by Sam. We heard her say, "I'm feeling left out. This isn't age discrimination is it?"

Then they started whispering and once again we couldn't hear what they were saying.

There was more and more gentle touching for a few minutes. Then it got kind of confusing. Girls started kissing girls and then kissing other girls. They would be kissing one girl and have one hand on one girl's pussy and the other hand on another girl's breast. Everyone was fooling around with everyone else. Sam threw herself into the fray with no reservations.

Denise seemed a little self conscious at first, now that things were heating up. But she quickly seemed to grow comfortable with that strange but very erotic situation and she started to enjoy it as much as the others.

I whispered to Kyle, "It looks like you have a girlfriend, Kyle! And it looks like she fits right in."

He chuckled quietly and said, "Yeah. It's like in the last twenty-four hours I got to be a teenager again."

"You aren't mad at me?"

"I wouldn't be here if I was mad at you. I just needed to be sure that ... well, you know. I couldn't stand it if your dad gave my dad that job for the wrong reasons. And I couldn't face you if I thought you were responsible for something like that because of the things I said."

I smiled and said, "Don't worry. I know you have more pride than sense."

"Fuck you!"

"Shit! I let you fuck my girlfriend. I let you fuck my neighbor. Now you want to fuck me?! There's just no satisfying you!"

We were apparently not talking as quietly as we thought we were. Kala stopped kissing Denise long enough to say, "I'd pay to see that."

We decided that the smart thing to do was shut up and watch.

The girls finally came back up onto the towels. They stood in front of the three of us boys, kissing for a few more minutes and exploring each other's sexy bodies. Denise and Kala were holding each other and kissing until Denise whispered something in her ear. Kala let Denise go and she stepped back. Then Cass and Kala surrounded Sam and lowered her to the towels.

While they started making out, Denise went over and straddled Kyle. She sat down on his hard cock and asked, "Did that turn you on?"

He grinned and answered, "There's no way I can lie about that! You're sitting on the evidence of how much I enjoyed watching that. What about you? How did you feel about it?"

She gently slid her moist pussy up and down on the underside of his hard cock and said, "I've never done anything like that before. But I liked it. I like it even more because it turns you on."

Kyle pulled her down over him and they started kissing as his hands caressed her back. They would stop and whisper something every now and then. They were in their own little world now. Tony and I directed our attention to the girls. I moved over a little closer to him and asked, "Are you okay with all of this?"

He looked shocked that I would ask. He exclaimed incredulously, "Are you kidding me?! I'm fourteen years old and I have a beautiful girlfriend that loves sex. I'm watching her having sex with her older sister and my next door neighbor. And unless this is all a dream, I'm going to get to have sex with three other girls in the very near future!"

I smiled and said, "Yeah. It looks like it."

By the time we left the clearing an hour or so later, Kyle and Denise were officially an item. I was a little reluctant. But with some coaxing from Kala and Sam I let myself be talked into having sex with Sam. She's a hot little thing!

I was a little uncomfortable because of her age and because I wasn't sure how Tony would feel about it. But he didn't seem to mind, especially after Kala and Cass tackled him and Kala fucked his brains out.

After a short rest we all rinsed off in the lake. Then we air dried before getting dressed, more or less, and paddling back to High Point.

On the way back I asked Denise why she was out on the lake alone.

She blushed and then admitted, "I went up to the restaurant with a couple of friends. But I left early to try and catch up with Kyle. I planned on throwing a jealous fit and beating him to death with my paddle because he refused to ask me out on a date. But this worked out better for me. Yeah, I like the way this turned out."

Cass was nestled back between Kyle's thighs. She smiled and turned to kiss Kyle's thigh. Then she said, "We like the way this turned out, too. But you'd like it even more if you were sitting where I am."

Denise laughed and said, "I'm looking forward to it. But now we have to find another guy."

Cass sighed loudly and said, "Maybe not. My husband will be coming home on Thursday or Friday. We're hoping that we can come up with a plan to turn him into a pervert like us."

As we approached the docks at High Point we spotted some middle aged adult couples standing on the shore. We thought it best not to scandalize them and the girls finally put their tops on. We turned in our paddles and PFDs and walked up to the parking lot. Before Denise went to her car we talked for a few minutes. We all agreed to get together at my house tomorrow morning.

Kyle walked Denise to her car and they spent a good ten minutes with their arms around each other saying goodbye. Finally, Kyle came back over and told us to go ahead. He was going to ride with her. I waved goodbye to Denise and we headed back to town.
Chapter 12
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 12
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:58:10 am

We went to our house first. Cass thanked us for including her in our games. As if that was a big sacrifice! She went home and we went inside and checked in with our parents. The girls waited downstairs while Tony and I went to our rooms upstairs. We took showers and put on clean clothes.

The girls and I said goodbye to Tony and my folks and started to leave when Tony had a sudden inspiration.

He said, "Hey! How about if I grab my stuff and come with you?! I could do those upgrades on your computer while you guys are playing cards. That way I could keep Sam company."

Kala and I didn't care. Sam thought it was a great idea. I told him to go back upstairs and get what he needed and I'd tell mom. Sam followed Tony back into the house. Kala and I went back out onto the patio and told my parents that Tony was coming with us to the girl's house.

While I was talking to my parents, Kala stood behind me and put her arms around me. She began to move her hands over my body, above the belt this time, and kiss my neck and my shoulders.

Just before we said goodbye mom asked, "Isn't it hard to talk like that?"

I laughed and politely refused to answer.

I remembered my conversation with Kyle about his dad's new job and asked, "So when do you guys start coming home at a decent time?"

She thought about it for a minute and said, "Very soon. Assuming he hits the floor running I think that within a week or two we can start coming home at around six."

We said goodbye and went out front to wait for Tony and Sam. Kala pinned me against my car, kissed me and asked, "What did your mom say about me? I missed it."

I put my arms around her and said, "She asked if it was hard to talk with you hanging on my dick like that."

She laughed and said, "That sounds like something my mother would say!"

I stuck my tongue in her mouth to shut her up for a minute or two. Then I said, "You fucking slut! I love you."

She chuckled and said, "Aw! That's the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me!"

We stood there sucking face for a few more minutes until Sam and Tony came back out. I thought it was taking a little longer than it should. It was obvious when we saw their faces that they found something to do inside that slowed them down.

Sam came up to us with a silly grin on her face and leaned against us. She moaned happily and said, "Damn! I really like that kid."

I laughed and said, "That's great. But you can't kiss your mother with that mouth. I hope someone has some gum."

She blushed and said, "I can't help it. I like being a cocksucker."

I nodded and said, "And speaking for guys everywhere I love your attitude. But you don't want your mother smelling cum on your breath."

She sighed and said, "I don't think she'd be surprised. I don't even think she would mind. She likes Tony. And as long as she smells cum on my breath she won't worry so much about me getting pregnant. But you can relax. I have some gum."

I shook my head and said, "These young girls today! I don't know what this world is coming too!"

Kala laughed and said, "You think she's bad now? Wait until I teach her how to take that thing down her throat."

She saw something in my face and asked, "What?"

I smiled and said, "I told you, I liked your blowjobs better before Ricky raped your throat. I guess some guys must like it. I keep worrying that I'm hurting you."

Before she could respond, Sam exclaimed, "Who the hell is Ricky?!"

Kala ignored her and said, "Why didn't you say something?!"

I shrugged and said, "I did. Remember? I asked you to stop doing it the first time you did it to me. And anyway, it was quite a novelty at first. I'll admit I was curious. And you seemed to be so proud that you could do it. I didn't want to hurt your feelings."

She got very serious and said, "Don't you ever do that to me. If you want to spend a lifetime with me, you tell me what you think. You tell me what you want. If there is anything that I'm doing that you don't like you have to tell me. If there is anything I'm not doing that you want me to do, I want you to tell me. And I want to be able to do the same with you. I think that's important."

I kissed her and said, "You're right. I'm sorry. You were just so damned enthusiastic. You have to admit, it takes a lot of nerve to suggest to the girl you love that you have a problem with the way she's sucking your cock."

She smiled and said, "I'll give you that. In the future, if I take offense to any corrections you might want to make you may throw this conversation in my face."

I nodded and asked, "Since we are baring our souls, is there anything you would like to get me to work on?"

She thought about it for a minute and said, "Yeah. Would you please be a little less perfect? You set a hard standard to live up to."

Sam was still leaning up against us. She asked again, "Who is Ricky?"

Kala grinned and said, "He's a rapist we know. He's the guy that raped my mouth and taught me how to take a cock down my throat. I guess taught is the word. It was a pretty violent education."

Sam furrowed her eyebrows and said, "Raped?"

Kala smiled and said, "It's a long story. It's a very long story. I'll tell you tonight after we go to bed."

We finally got in the car and I drove to the Wendell's house. On the way I said, "We'll drop you off and go get something to eat. I wasn't even thinking about supper. All I can think about eating when I'm with you is you."

She said, "Let me see what we're having. If it's just beans I'll let you have one of mine."

We got out and went inside. Tony brought his toolbox in. Sam took it from him. She set it down by the stairs and then rushed into the kitchen to see her mother. She was pretty excited about how much fun she had today and by the fact that her big sister is including her in her life.

I was a little worried about what she was going to say. It must have been hard for her to separate the things she can share with her mom and the things she can't. And I wasn't sure I trusted her to know where to draw that line.

Mrs. Wendell came out to greet us. She gave me a big hug and said, "I guess I should thank you for bringing them home alive. I don't know why. They are both such pains in the ass!"

Then she stepped back slightly and held me at arm's length. She smiled and said, "I guess we're going to have to come up with a dowry. You're much too smart to marry her without one."

I smiled and asked her, "Doesn't that bother you? That a sixteen year old boy intends to marry your sixteen year old daughter?"

She caressed my cheek affectionately and said, "I fell in love with her father when I was sixteen. We knew even then that we were meant for each other. You're a wonderful young man. I doubt if she could do better. I'll be happy to have you marry my daughter ... when you are both older."

I blushed. She has a way of making me do that. And then I was even more embarrassed because I was blushing.

She pulled me close again and gave me a hug. Then she said, "Why don't you kids get comfortable? I need to get back to work."

I said, "I thought guys weren't supposed to like their mothers-in-law! You must be doing something wrong."

She laughed and replied, "Uh oh! You better be careful, Kala. I had to watch my mother around your dad. I never could trust them alone together. I could go for this young man of yours."

Kala laughed and said, "It's okay mom. I don't mind sharing."

Kala and her mother looked at each other funny and I hurriedly interrupted to say, "Tony and I aren't staying. We're just dropping the girls off. We're going to go out and get something to eat and come back after supper."

She drew herself up and exclaimed, "You'll do no such thing! I'm just making spaghetti. There's enough of that for everyone on the block."

I asked, "Are you sure. I don't feel right about inviting myself to supper."

She sighed and said, "You're a keeper. You're going to be my favorite son-in-law. Knowing Sam the way I do you may be my only son-in-law."

I saw Sam and Tony smile at each other. Mrs. Wendell let me go and started for the kitchen when she spotted Tony's tool box. She asked who was moving in.

Sam explained that while we're playing cards, Tony is going to rebuild their computer.

She looked at Sam for a long moment and said, "I've got to get you on the pill."

Sam exclaimed, "MOM!"

But then she grinned and said, "We should do that soon. My period is about to start."

You should have seen Tony's face. All four of us cracked up as he turned fire engine red.

But then Mrs. Wendell got serious and said, "I guess that tells me all I need to know."

Mrs. Wendell put her arm around Sam's shoulder and said, "Come with me. We can talk while I cook."

Tony looked scared to death. He whispered urgently to Kala, "Should I leave?"

Kala smiled and shook her head. She said, "Mom's not mad. She just doesn't want Sam screwing up and doing something stupid. You guys sit down. I'll get us a drink."

She was gone for a very long time. Tony finally said, "Dean. I think you should drive me home. I don't want Mrs. Wendell to be mad at me."

She was coming into the room and heard Tony. She said, "I'm sorry, Tony. I'm not mad at you and I don't mind that you and Sam have feelings for each other, though I'm pretty confused. I thought your parents said you were some kind of genius. If you had a brain in your head you'd be fighting that dingbat off with a stick."

Once more Sam exclaimed, "MOM!"

Her mother ignored her and said to Tony, "I grew up with a lot of catholic girls whose parents didn't believe in birth control and a lot of them fucked up ... I'm sorry, messed up their lives because they got knocked up when they were just little girls themselves.

"I was a wild kid myself. But my mother made sure I knew all about and used birth control. I'm telling too many secrets here. But I'm not so old that I don't remember what it's like to be your age. You fall in love easy and you can hardly breathe for the hormones driving you crazy.

"I suppose I'm not like most mothers of teenage girls. I'm not going to encourage you. But as long as you're careful and no one is forcing anyone to do anything they don't want to do, I'm not going to get upset if my girls aren't virgins when they get married. I'd be embarrassed to tell you how old I was when I became sexually active.

"I just want to make sure that Sam is going into this with her eyes wide open and she realizes that she can get hurt and probably will, a lot. And I want her to be careful until she's safe. I'm sorry if this conversation makes you uncomfortable. But these are things that have to be said. If you're man enough to have sex with my daughter you're man enough to hear them."

"Now, I'm tired of sounding like an old harpy. You're a good boy. I like you. I can't believe that a boy with your brain would be interested in Sam. But I don't guess she could have picked a better young man for her first boyfriend."

"MOM!"

She smiled at Tony and asked, "Don't you think that will get on your nerves?"

Tony smiled and Sam exclaimed one last time, "MOM!"

Tony shrugged and said, "I like her. A lot. I think she's cute. And she's smarter than you give her credit for. When I was explaining what I was going to do to her computer last night she understood almost all of it."

Sam chuckled and corrected him, "Almost half of it."

Mrs. Wendell went over and kissed Tony on the cheek. Then she turned and kissed Sam. She said, "I'm not going to give you two permission. Your father would kill me. But I'm not upset. Just keep in mind what I told you."

She started to return to the kitchen. As she walked away she asked over her shoulder, "Who wants to make the garlic toast?"

Kala and Sam looked at each other, each hoping the other would volunteer. I said, "I make pretty good garlic toast," and followed her into the kitchen.

She waited for me to catch up. She put her arm around me and escorted me into the kitchen. She showed me where everything was and I went to work. I had just started carving up the bread when Kala came in and sat down at the kitchen island. She smiled and said, "If you think I'm leaving you two alone in here you're out of your minds!"

We talked about our day and how much Kala and Sam enjoyed going out in the canoes. Mrs. Wendell told us more about her life in some of the interesting places she has lived. She cautiously tried to feel me out about my political leanings. She seemed relieved when I informed her that I couldn't wait to turn eighteen so I could vote Democrat.

She said, "Good. Maybe if you elect enough Democrats in this country you can get a civilized health care plan. I've never been able to understand why anyone making less than half a million dollars a year votes for the Republicans. It's like they are voting to cut their own throats."

I soon had the garlic bread ready for the oven. She checked the time and put it in. Then she asked Kala and Sam to set the table. When we were alone she put her arms around me and quietly said, "I know it's premature. But a mother has hopes and dreams for her daughter. One of the things she hopes for is a good man, a good husband. I hope you two make it. It warms my heart to hear her talk about you, and to see the look in her eyes when she looks at you. Maybe waiting a year to get together was what you needed. You two are so good together."

I was embarrassed. But I said, "When I'm not with her I can hardly breathe. I love the way she looks and the way her hair smells. I love every syllable that comes out of her mouth. I love her smile and her laugh. I love how kind she is to everyone, even the kids that other people are cruel to. I know that first loves never last ... almost never. But I know that what we have is special. I'm not going to blow this."

She smiled but her eyes were moist. She said, "I'm glad. Because I think you're right. What you have seems very special indeed."

She went up on her toes and kissed my cheek just as Mr. Wendell came into the room. He exclaimed, "So this is what you do when I'm working my fingers to the bone to put food on the table!"

She laughed and said, "That's right, you old fart. I throw myself at teenage boys."

He still hadn't cracked a smile. He said, "That's all well and good, as long as supper is ready on time."

She let me go and turned around and kissed her husband. She asked him if he had a nice day.

He said, "I hate it when they call me in to work on Sunday. But it's always an easy day. They give me a lot of extra money and I just sit around and look important."

Then to me he said, "I see you didn't manage to drown my daughters."

I smiled and said, "Not this time. Maybe I'll have better luck if we try kayaks."

He grinned and replied, "Yeah and I'm sure you're going to make her paddle her own boat out there on the lake."

He grinned at Mrs. Wendell and said, "He must think we folks from down under aren't too bright!"

She smiled back and said, "No dear. He is just trying to keep his girlfriend's old man in the dark so you don't chase him off with a gun."

He laughed and said, "I don't own a gun and I'm not going to chase him off unless he promises to take her with him."

Mr. Wendell changed for dinner and then we all sat down to a delicious meal. Everyone complimented me on my garlic bread but it's hard to screw that up. I have to say, though, that Mrs. Wendell makes the best spaghetti sauce I've ever tasted.

She grinned at my enthusiastic praise. Mr. Wendell chuckled and said, "Thank god she left Scotland before she learned to cook. The Scots are a wonderful people in many ways. But I've been there and their diet ... well, I'll just be kind and say if you ever go there, take a lunch."

We discussed the rules of pinochle that we are accustomed to playing by. It seems that the only difference in the way we're used to playing is that they multiplied the score by ten. I don't think I'll have much trouble remembering that.

After dinner the girls cleared the table. Tony offered to help but Sam pushed him back down in his chair and said, "Careful. You don't want dad to think you're sucking up."

Tony had hardly spoken all through the meal. One or the other of us had teased him mildly about something every now and then but his reaction was always the same, he would sit there and blush.

After we ate, while the girls were clearing the table, Mr. Wendell looked at Tony thoughtfully and asked seriously, "Do you suppose that people as intelligent as you think differently?"

Tony looked at him, trying to decide if he was being teased again. He wasn't sure, so he attempted to answer the question. He said, "No. I don't think so. The process is the same. I think that people with a higher IQ come in two types. For some unknown reason some people have access to a larger part of their brain than the majority of the people. Others have a brain that is wired for better access to what is stored there. They can find things that their brain has stored more easily. I also believe that there is another kind of person who retains no more information than the average person, but they are more intuitive. They can stand back and figure things out without knowing the formulas needed by most people to solve the problem. They seem to be able to solve problems with logic better than most people. But that's a totally unscientific opinion. I don't think about it much. I don't feel any different than anyone else so I don't give it a lot of thought."

"Don't normal people annoy you?"

Tony blushed and admitted, "A little ... sometimes. But just in school. Sometimes it seems like my classes drag on interminably while the teacher tries to explain the simplest concepts to the other kids. At times like that I think that it might be better if I went ahead and started taking college courses. But I like my life. I love my family. Even my brother isn't so bad most of the time. I have good friends. I enjoy sports here that I couldn't play with guys that were seven or eight or nine years older than I am. And now I have a girlfriend. That wouldn't happen in college. I think that my parents are right about keeping me with my peers.

"And if what you are really asking is do I think I'm better than everyone else the answer is no. I have a high IQ. That's just an accident of birth. But when I look at the people around me I notice that most of them are better than me at other things. I'm a decent ball player. Good enough to make the team anyway. But nearly everyone else is better. I can't dance. I was apparently born without rhythm. I'm too shy and I blush all the damn time. I'm terrible at making small talk, which it turns out is much more important than being intelligent."

I watched Mr. Wendell watch Tony as he answered his questions. I think that Tony had been making him nervous. Tony's well thought out, very human and somewhat vulnerable answer to the questions seemed to impress him. I could almost see his opinion of Tony change.

He shook his head in wonder and asked, "What the hell do you see in Sam?! I love her. She's my daughter so I have to. I think it's a law or something. But if she has a genius at all it's a genius for evil. She's a devious little thing."

Everyone but Sam laughed at that. She went around behind his chair and in a loud whisper, with an evil leer on her face she said, "I know where you sleep."

He chuckled and said, "I'll be locking my bedroom door from now on."

Sam went around to Tony and said, "Have you had enough of being picked on? Come on. Let's go upstairs. You can show me what a genius at work looks like."

I can't imagine any other parents I've ever met who wouldn't be concerned about their fourteen year old daughter taking a teenage boy to her bedroom, especially not when it was a girl as precocious as Sam. But the Wendells didn't seem at all concerned. I think I was more worried than they were!

We decided that I would be partners with Mrs. Wendell and Kala and her father would be partners. It quickly became apparent that we were all pretty evenly matched. The Wendells are both very good players. Kala is a good player. But I noticed that she has a tendency to underbid. For that reason her father frequently urges her to bid higher than she wants to. It often worked out well for them. But not always, sometimes they got caught short.

We had a great time, though. No one was that serious about the game and I really enjoyed the sense of humor that both of Kala's parents have. Before very long I was having as much fun as I would have if I was playing cards with my parents. I really felt like one of the family.

We played two games. Each side won a game. But it was getting late and we decided to play the rubber the next time we played. We put the cards away and Mr. Wendell asked, "Do you suppose that someone should go upstairs and find out if our daughter is pregnant yet?"

Kala laughed and said, "Can't happen. Her period is due to start any second now."

He turned to me and said, "When you marry my daughter, Dean, take my advice. Have male children. Females will worry you to death. Look at me! I used to be so young."

By this point in the evening I had just about stopped blushing, finally. They were so natural about everything and so laid back that it was hard to stay uptight.

Kala got up and said, "Come on, Dean. Let's go see if they've conspired to wipe out my hard drive."

Mr. Wendell looked at his wife and said, "She isn't who I had in mind for a chaperone."

Mrs. Wendell laughed and said to Kala, "I suppose I shouldn't complain. One of the things that attracted me to your father was his dirty mind."

I followed Kala to her bedroom. Our siblings were actually seated at the computer. And there was no evidence of anything but computer science having taken place in the room!

Sam looked up as we entered and I could hear how impressed she was with Tony's computer skills when she exclaimed, "You aren't going to believe this, Kala! It's like a brand new computer! Better! It's ten times faster and has more memory than we could ever use. He's going to build another one for me and when he brings it over he is going to put a new video card in this one and give you a bigger monitor, one of those flat screen ones. You're going to love this!"

I laughed and said, "I'm really impressed, Sam. Whenever he works on my computer my eyes get glazed over. It's like he loses the ability to communicate in English."

Kala went over and gave Tony a kiss on the cheek. She thanked him for what he's doing for them. Then she whispered, "We'll make it up to you tomorrow."

Tony blushed. But Sam giggled and said, "I made it up to him twice tonight. But you're going to have to tell me how you do that deepthroat thing. I can't do that."

Tony reached out, caressed her hair lovingly and said, "I love what you did. Please, don't hurt yourself for me."

Kala said, "We'll talk about it later. I don't think I can teach you how to do that. I'm not built for it."

I said, "Come on, Tony. It's getting late. We need to go home."

He smiled and said, "You go ahead. I've decided to live here."

I laughed and responded, "I understand the sentiment. I'll leave as soon as you inform their father."

We heard them coming up the stairs while Tony was putting his tools and spare parts away. They came in and Sam was almost giddy as she demonstrated how much improved their computer was.

Mr. Wendell said, "Well, I'm glad you got a little bit of honest work done. It must have been difficult with my delinquent daughter bothering you."

Sam stuck her tongue out at her father and then said, "He didn't mind being bothered one bit!"

He turned to me and with a long suffering smile said, "Remember what I told you, male children."

We all went downstairs. We said goodnight. Then Kala and Sam walked us out to my car. Sam and Tony embraced and Sam said, "I had a great time. Thanks."

Tony was so amusing. Even in the dark I could see that he was blushing. He nervously responded, "I've never had a girlfriend before. I'm kind of a freak. I thought I never would. And you are so beautiful and so sweet!"

Sam looked shocked. She stepped back and hauled off and slapped the hell out of Tony. He put his hand up to his cheek and stared at her in disbelief. I'm not kidding! That was no love tap!

She almost yelled, "Don't you ever say that again! Do you hear me?! You are sweet and loving and cute and your brain is amazing! You are not a fucking freak! If you ever say that again I will kick your ass so hard ... argh! You make me want to scream!"

It looked like Tony was going to cry. He was still rubbing his cheek. She really let him have it. In a trembling voice he said, "People have treated me like a freak all of my life. Not my family or my friends. But almost everyone else has. There were more than a few people who wouldn't let me play with their kids when I was younger. No girl I know in school will have anything to do with me. It's like I have fangs or body odor or something. I never thought a girl would ever want to be with me. Certainly not a beautiful, sexy, sweet girl like you. I didn't mean to ... I'm sorry."

He started to turn away and get in the car when she went on the attack again. She pushed him against the car and threw herself at him. She wrapped her arms around him and held him tight. She was crying when she said, "You stupid bastard! I love you! Don't you ever say that about my boyfriend again!"

He put his arms around her and held her close. It was a couple of minutes before he said, "No one has ever called me stupid before. Thank you."

Then they both started laughing and they were laughing and crying at the same time.

Kala and I were standing nearby watching. We didn't know what to think. I finally turned and took Kala in my arms and said, "Your whole family is crazy! I love it!"

She laughed and said, "Me too."

We kissed goodnight and then she said, "Thank you for another wonderful day. And thanks for that lunch. That was the most interesting meal I've ever eaten."

I laughed and said, "You know you're going to be hearing about that, right?"

She smiled and said, "I'm not ashamed. But just remember what you did today when you are walking out of a restaurant some day with a big wet spot in the front of your pants."

We kissed one last time and said, "I love you."

Then, with great difficulty, we forced ourselves to part. I said goodnight to Sam. She had finally pulled herself together. She smiled and came over and kissed my cheek. Then, as if as an afterthought she kissed my lips and said, "I love you, too. Thank you for inviting us. We had a wonderful time."

I gave her a quick hug and said, "I had a wonderful time, too. I love you almost as much as I love your crazy sister. See you tomorrow."

They stepped back and Tony and I got in the car. It took all of my will power to start the engine and drive away. I wanted desperately to stay there with Kala.

My normally quiet and shy brother didn't shut up all the way home. He was raving about Sam until I thought my ears were going to bleed. If the trip home had lasted ten more minutes I would have had to put him in the trunk!

Our parents were just getting ready for bed when we got home. We went upstairs and said goodnight. Then I went to my room. Tony followed me and closed the door behind him. He leaned back against it and said, "Oh my god! Dean! The most beautiful girl in the world thinks I'm cute! She said she loves me! How in the hell can I go to sleep tonight!"

I shook my head and said, "But she also thinks you're stupid. Get the hell out of here and go to bed."

He laughed and said, "Yeah. She said that! Isn't that great!"

I laughed and went over and put my hands on his shoulders. I smiled and said, "You done good. I'm proud of you. And I'm happy for you. But if you don't get the fuck out of my room I'm going to tell Sam to kick your ass tomorrow. And as you just found out, she has a hell of a right hook."

He almost jumped up and down he was so excited. He exclaimed, "I'm going to see her tomorrow!"

I pulled him away from my door, pulled the door open and said good night as I pushed him out into the hallway. Then I got undressed, got into my bed and lay there in the dark as I replayed every frame of what happened with Kala today in my head.

Fuck Tony! I have my own problems going to sleep. I can't stop thinking about her.

I did finally get to sleep. But it was long after midnight. I couldn't stop thinking about her. And I couldn't stop thinking about her laying in bed a few miles away thinking about me. It was all I could do to keep from calling her. But I finally went to sleep before I made that big of a fool out of myself.
Chapter 13
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 13
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:58:12 am

My parents were up early the next morning. I normally make coffee for them. But I overslept a little bit and they got up early because they were going in to meet with Kyle's dad before the plant opens to give him an overview of his new job. By the time I got downstairs coffee was ready.

They were just about to leave when I joined them. We spoke only briefly. I told them that I really hoped that Kyle's father works out. He has already ordered Kyle to quit his part time jobs. The whole family is excited about the career change and their increased standard of living.

Dad assured me that he had a long talk with Mr. Vincent and he was sure that he was just the man for the job.

Mom gave me a kiss and they left for work. I finished my coffee and went back upstairs. I took a shower and put on a pair of trunks. I checked on Tony before I went downstairs.

He was sound asleep. It looked like he would be out for a while. I guess he was too excited to sleep last night. He must have stayed up most of the night building a new computer for Sam. He finally fell asleep in his clothes on top of his covers.

I went down and put a note over the doorbell telling anyone that cared that I was next door. I wasn't expecting anyone to arrive at our house for another hour or so. I went to see what Cass was up to.

Cass opened the door in one of her sexy bikinis and welcomed me with a hug and a kiss. She was just cleaning up after breakfast. I followed her sexy ass back to the kitchen and joined her for another cup of coffee.

We started talking about her husband. She explained, or complained, that he has never been very adventurous. But he at least seemed interested in her in the beginning. She judged his sexual appetite to be about average. They made love three or four times a week after the honeymoon. It wasn't as satisfying, or as exciting as she had hoped. But even if she didn't have many orgasms with her husband she claimed that she enjoyed the intimacy.

I didn't say anything. But it sounded to me like she was getting ripped off even before her husband turned into an ice cube. He sounded pretty damn selfish. It didn't surprise me that Ricky was able to excite her the way he did. She must have been horny all the time.

The frequency of their lovemaking seemed to diminish somewhat as Don's job began to consume more of his time and energy. Then there was a sudden drop off last November. By the time she was first taken by Ricky at that Christmas party she was lucky if they made love twice a month. Nothing she did to entice him seemed to interest him. She read books on how to please your husband and tried everything, or at least she tried everything that he would let her try. He has a surprisingly narrow mind when it comes to his sexuality.

Cass said, "I don't want to give you the wrong impression. I was never that imaginative when it came to sex, either. But I was open to trying new things and I'll admit that I had some fantasies that I never thought I'd experience."

Ricky changed her whole outlook on life and sex. From the first time they met she couldn't stand him. She still can't. But there was almost nothing that he didn't enjoy doing with her or to her, or making her do for his amusement. She quickly came to understand that she didn't know what sex was until Ricky came into her life.

At first there was a lot of guilt. But it wasn't very long before she was able to rationalize that she had come under Ricky's spell because her husband was neglecting her. She blamed him. And because she was able to deflect the blame onto her husband she no longer felt any guilt, or hardly any. By the time I came into her life she felt free to expand her horizons.

But now, even though she didn't feel remorse for what she's been doing for the last six months, she sometimes feels like it's getting out of control. Not with me and my friends so much. But Ricky sometimes scares her. He still excites her. But he scares her.

She wants to try one last time to make her husband her lover. But not the lover he was in the beginning. She could never settle for that now. She has experienced too many wonderful and exciting things. There is no way to put her exciting new sex life back in the box. She wouldn't if she could.

I suggested that it might be best if we keep the numbers down when he comes home and we have that little backyard barbeque we're planning. We don't want to overwhelm him. And I warned her that it was quite possible that her recent sexual past might come out. Don isn't stupid. He's going to wonder what has gotten into her when she suddenly demands that he change.

Cass sighed and said, "I know. I worry about that. I love my husband. But I can't go on like this. I don't want a platonic relationship. Too much has happened in the last six months. Too much has happened in the last week. I won't settle. Now that I know how exciting life can be I want that. I want it for Don and me. But if Don isn't interested then I want it for me. I won't give up the excitement I've discovered and come to love."

She laughed. But it was a sad laugh, an ironic laugh. She asked, "Do you know what made me decide that I have to fix my marriage or get out of it? You! You and Kala and Kyle and now Denise. Jesus! Even your fourteen year old brother has a better sex life than I do!

"I see how happy you kids are with each other, how much in love you are and how much you enjoy your sexuality. I'm happy for you. But when I'm alone in the evening and I compare your lives to mine it tears me up. I want to live like that! I want to be that free and feel that love and that lust. I want to see the look in my husband's eyes when I bare my tits that I see in your eyes when you look at me.

"Sometimes I think that you and Kyle and even Kala love me more than my husband does. I can't live like that. I'm better than that. I deserve to be loved."

I got up and went around the table. I pulled Cass to her feet and held her close. I thought she was going to cry. She certainly has a good cry coming. But she didn't. She hugged me and said, "You're so sweet. Kala is so lucky to have you."

I kissed the top of her head and said, "I know it isn't enough. But you're right. I do love you. Kala does, too. You're easy to love. It's impossible not to love you. No matter how this turns out I want you to know that we're going to be there for you. You do deserve to be loved. If we can't wake Don up, maybe he was never the guy you thought he was. I guess that one way or another we're going to find out in a few days."

I kissed her lips gently. She put her hands on my cheeks and smiled up at me. She said, "I know one thing for sure. If we do split up, I'm keeping the house. I refuse to leave you and the others. That's something I'll never give up."

We kissed again. Then she grabbed her wrap and put it on and we went next door.

A very sleepy looking Tony was standing in the kitchen drinking a glass of juice. He smiled and said, "I wondered where you went off to."

I asked him how much sleep he got last night. He grinned sheepishly and said, "A couple of hours. Sam's gonna love that computer. Man it's sweet! It's faster than the one I built for you!"

I shook my head and said, "Go back to bed. I'll get you up in a couple more hours. You look dopey."

He shook his head and said, "Hell no! I have to take a shower. She'll be here soon."

I sighed and said, "Tony, don't screw it up. Don't seem too needy. Girls don't like that. It makes them uncomfortable. Right, Cass?"

She went behind Tony and put her arms around him. She kissed his neck and said, "He's right. You don't have to try with Sam. She already likes you. In fact, she'll probably enjoy waking you up after you've slept for an hour or two. Go back to bed. You won't miss anything. I won't let anyone start without you."

I took his glass and said, "Go on, Einstein. Get a little more sleep. I'll send her in to wake you up. Then you can take a shower together. It's much more fun when there's someone to wash your back."

He sighed and said, "Okay. But tell her what I did. Tell her I'm sorry I wasn't up."

Cass said, "She'll understand. I'm sure she'll be impressed. Now go."

Kyle showed up shortly after Tony went back to bed. He had no trouble trading vehicles with his father so that he could pick up Denise, Kala and Sam. His father loves that Studebaker truck almost as much as Kyle does.

When I heard the car pull up in the driveway I remembered that I left the note on the doorbell. I went to the door and invited everyone in. Sam was disappointed when Tony wasn't waiting there for her. But she was touched when I explained that he couldn't sleep last night, he was too excited. So he stayed up most of the night building her a computer. I told her that he was expecting her to wake him up in an hour or two and join him in the shower.

She said, "I have a better idea. Is it okay if I go up and lie down with him? I didn't sleep well last night either."

I turned to Kala and said, "Damn! I wish you loved me like that!"

She smiled and said, "Build me a computer and we'll talk."

I told Sam to go ahead. Then I attacked Kala. We went out to the patio and stripped down. It was already pretty warm so we sat under the awning. I pulled Kala into my lap. She rested her head on my shoulder and said, "I had trouble sleeping, too. Punch me if I start to snore."

I kissed her instead and said, "Feel free to nod off. I can't promise not to molest you in your sleep. But I'll try not to disturb you."

She smiled and said, "You do disturb me. Thinking of you kept me awake half the night."

I nodded and said, "I know the feeling."

Denise looked around and said, "Nice little mansion you have hear, Dean. Did you give the butler and the maid the day off?"

I shook my head and said, "No, smart ass. They're shackled in the basement. We don't let them out until we need them."

She smiled and said, "Shackles?! Basement?! I like the sound of that!"

Kyle laughed and said, "I think I'm in love."

She got up and sat in his lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and said, "Not yet. It's just lust. But give it time. I like the way your dirty mind works. We seem to have a lot in common."

Kyle looked surprised. He exclaimed, "You love you, too?!"

I asked Cass and Kala, "Have you two noticed how difficult it is to tell them apart?"

Cass disagreed. She said, "No. Not at all. Kyle has a much nicer dick."

Denise sighed and said, "And to think I could have spent the day with people who like me."

Kala chuckled and said, "Name two."

Then we got serious and began to discuss Cass's problem with Don.

Kyle asked if her husband had any close friends that he might have talked to about his lack of a sex drive.

Cass wasn't able to think of anyone he was that close to. He hasn't been socializing at all since they moved to our town. All he does is go to work, come home, eat and go to bed.

I suggested that when he comes home, after he's had a day to rest, Kala and I should come over and we would see if Kala could tempt him. Or better yet, see if Cass could tempt him with Kala. There was no way to script it. We'd have to play it by ear.

Cass asked Kala, "How do you feel about being used for bait?"

She smiled and replied, "He can't be that big a beast. You married him. I'm willing to do anything I can do to help you. I want you to be happy."

I asked Cass, "Do you think that Ricky might be behind this in some way?"

She shrugged and answered, "I've wondered about that. I wouldn't put it past him."

I asked, "Have you asked him?"

She shook her head and said, "No. If I did that he'd first have to admit that we have a problem. He doesn't like talking about things like that."

Denise interrupted to say, "That reminds me. When can we see those pictures you were talking about?"

I smiled and asked Cass, "You don't mind, do you?"

She shook her head and said, "I don't mind the people in our little group seeing them. They won't see me doing anything I'm not more than happy to do with them. I wouldn't want them getting posted on the internet."

I chuckled and said, "So! I can still blackmail you with them!"

She laughed and asked, "What exactly would you get from me by blackmailing me that I haven't already given you?"

I couldn't think of a thing.

Denise said, "Blackmail? You were blackmailing her?"

Cass quickly stepped in to clear that misconception up. She exclaimed, "Oh no! He ... there's no way to explain this without starting at the beginning."

She told Denise the story from the first time that Ricky forced himself on her at a party. When she finally got to the point where she came to my house a week ago after seeing me in the window watching her with Ricky she said, "But I quickly realized that he had no intention of telling my husband or of posting the pictures. He is much too sweet for that."

After a moment, Denise said, "Maybe someone should show those pictures to your husband. It might wake him up."

I said, "Yeah, or give him grounds for divorce. I'm thinking it might be a good idea if he never found out about those pictures."

Denise asked again, "When can I see them?"

I couldn't resist teasing her first. "I thought girls didn't like looking at dirty pictures."

She smiled sweetly and said, "I've heard that. I've also heard that a lot of girls don't like sex with multiple partners and giving blowjobs."

She kissed Kyle on the cheek and asked, "Is that the kind of girl you want?"

He exclaimed, "Hey! Leave me out of this. I'm just an innocent bystander. And no, I like you just fine the way you are."

I said, "We can go up and look at them if you want. Just be quiet. The kids are sleeping."

We trooped upstairs to my room. On the way past Tony's room I glanced in and saw Tony and Sam, naked except that Sam was wearing her panties. They were curled up together on his bed, sound asleep. Cass sighed and whispered, "Isn't that sweet?! I wish I could have been like them when I was fourteen. My parents screwed me all up."

Denise chuckled and said, "It wasn't their fault. That's what parents are supposed to do to their daughters. It's in the rules somewhere."

I ushered everyone into my bedroom and went down the hall to borrow another chair from my parent's room. When the five of us were seated I opened the file with Cass's pictures and double clicked on the first picture of her in her bikini. I set my software for slide show and sat back to watch with the others as my hands began to roam Kala's sexy body once more.

Denise watched the first dozen pictures of Cass in her bikini go by and said, "Very sexy. But I don't see much in the way of blackmail material there."

A moment later she gasped and exclaimed, "Oh my!" when she saw Cass being held up off the ground by Ricky and his large hands squeezing her ass, causing the back of her bikini to slide down and reveal almost half of her butt crack. And it just got better from there.

When she saw the rough way he treated her breasts she exclaimed, "That looks painful!"

Cass chuckled and said, "Yeah. It is a little. But it's exciting, too. Or at least it is for me. I guess you either like that sort of thing or you don't."

It wasn't long before Ricky's very long, very fat cock was exposed and Cass was pictured struggling to suck on it.

Denise exclaimed, "Oh my god! Look at the size of that thing!"

She stared in silence for a minute before she whispered, "What does that feel like inside of you?"

Cass smiled and admitted, "I wouldn't want to have sex with him every time I have sex. He's rough and it's painful. But it's exciting if you have some of the kinky fantasies that I do. Every now and then a big cock like that feels very good rampaging around inside of me."

She looked at Kyle and then at me and said, "Sorry guys. But to me it's exciting to be taken by a caveman like Ricky every now and then. I hope you aren't upset."

Kyle laughed and said, "I understand. It's pretty damned exciting to watch. I'd feel more than a little inadequate if I were trying to please a woman right after that bastard was finished with her, though."

Cass laughed and said, "You needn't. Pussies are very elastic. As soon as he pulls that thing out they go right back to normal. I'm not going to lie and say that we can't tell the difference. But that doesn't mean we want to get stabbed by a monster cock every time we have sex. I sure as hell don't. I need to recuperate for a while after every time we get together."

We watched the rest of the pictures I took of Cass that day parade across my monitor in silence. Well, not total silence. Denise had several orgasms thanks to the visual stimulation and Kyle's roaming fingers.

She didn't react again until we came to the end of the file and I whispered to Kala, "Do you want to let her see yours?"

Kala was pretty highly aroused, too. She nodded and said, "What the hell! We've fingered each other's pussies. I don't have any secrets from her now. Besides, I already told her about them. I'm pretty proud of them."

Denise watched as the pictures of Kala slowly advanced across the screen. It was obvious that the pictures turned her on. At one point she grinned at Kala and said, "The guys at school would love to see these!"

Her expression changed when we got to the pictures of Kala being roughly taken by Ricky. When she saw him force that fat cock down Kala's throat she gasped and exclaimed, "Oh my god! That would kill me!"

When the pictures ended shortly after he came in Kala's mouth, Denise asked breathlessly, "What happened next?!"

Cass chuckled and explained, "Dean attacked him with my butcher knife just as he was about to rape her ass. Ricky went a little overboard that day. Dean tried to stop him and Ricky tossed him away with no effort at all. Ricky is a big guy.

"It took a lot of balls to stand up to him. When nothing else worked he pulled a knife on him. You should have seen it. Ricky saw the look in Dean's eyes and realized that he wasn't in charge anymore. He could tell that Dean was going to cut him if he didn't pull up his pants and leave. I was so proud of him!"

Denise shook her head and said, "Damn! I sure have missed a lot of excitement."

She stared at my monitor for a moment and asked, "Kyle, could I get some pictures like that? Not with Ricky! I'd like some pictures taken with you. And those pictures of Kala and Cass were super hot. I'd like some like that, too. Would you mind?"

He chuckled and asked, "Are you nuts?! Guys dream of having pictures like that of their wives and girlfriends!"

She laughed and said, "I thought they just wanted pictures of other guy's wives and girlfriends."

He smiled and said, "Them, too."

She kissed him on the cheek and said, "I just have one more question. What does a girl have to do to get laid around here?"

Cass answered, "Pretty much just being a warm body is enough. At least that's been my experience."

I suggested, "Before everyone gets all wet and messy, how about if we lay a blanket on the floor and you three sexy broads get better acquainted while Kyle and I take some pictures? Not that I want to see a nasty thing like that. But we want Denise to be happy."

Denise smiled and said, "Yes. We want Denise to be happy."

My door opened just then and Tony peeked in. He pushed the door open and he and Sam came in, still looking a little sleepy. Sam exclaimed, "Hey! I was told that you guys wouldn't start without us!"

Cass smiled and said, "We were just getting warmed up. Sam, why don't you get out of those sexy little panties and join us?"

She sighed and said, "I can't. My period started last night."

Cass shrugged and said, "So?"

Sam smiled and said, "Trust me. Not today. For the first day of my period I flow like a river. It could get messy in a hurry."

Cass asked, "Are you wearing a tampon or a pad?"

Sam answered, "Both. I have to."

Kala said, "She isn't kidding, Cass. Her uterus must be the size of a basketball. She has to wear both for the first day or day and a half."

Cass shrugged and said, "Okay. But she can still get down on the blanket and play with the rest of us. If she's anything like me when I have my period it seems like I stay horny."

I looked at Kyle and said, "I'm learning more about menstrual cycles than I ever wanted to know."

He laughed and said, "I don't know. Knowing that part about how horny they get could come in handy later."

Tony said, "Give me five minutes. I need to take a quick shower and brush my teeth. I don't want to miss this."

He rushed from the room. Sam watched him hurry away and said, "I guess I can go watch. He might need a lifeguard. Isn't he cute when he just wakes up?"

I nodded my head and said sarcastically, "Yeah, real cute."

Tony was as good as his word. He and Sam returned in five minutes. The blanket was on the floor in the middle of my room and Kyle had our movie camera ready for the action to start. My Nikon was charged and hanging around my neck.

Tony and Sam headed for my bed to sit down out of the way and watch. But Cass grabbed Sam's hand and said, "Oh no you don't! The girls don't get to sit this dance out!"

Sam blushed and stuttered, "But..."

Denise smiled and interjected, "But my ass! I'm making my film debut here. You look pretty damned sexy in those panties. There's no reason why you can't get your movie career off to a good start, too."

Denise and Cass pulled Sam down onto the blanket and we started taking pictures as the girls started kissing and touching. It was a little confusing at first. They didn't have a plan and Sam was still holding back.

I also noticed that although they didn't totally avoid touching each other, Sam and Kala tended to devote more of their attention to the other two girls. I think that it would have been more practical to keep the number of girls down to two or three. But from the standpoint of the audience, all of that naked female flesh was mind boggling. A veritable cornucopia, as they say.

It might not be the most efficient grouping for satisfying sex. But the pictures were going to be outstanding. And no one was getting left out.

There was a lot of kissing and touching as first. Denise and Kala ended up with each other after a few minutes and Cass concentrated her attention on Sam. Her panties never came off. But Cass spent a lot of time kissing and rubbing the tight crotch of those sexy panties and Sam soon relaxed and began to let herself enjoy it.

I've been fortunate enough to witness similar scenes twice now. But it doesn't matter how many times I see something like this. It's still the sexiest thing I've ever seen. Judging from the erections that Kyle and Tony were sporting I knew they felt the same way.

The girls seemed to quickly forget all about us. Every once in a while one of them would look up and smile at us. But it seemed like they always had a look in their eyes as if to say, "Oh! I forgot you were there!"

They weren't self conscious at all and there were times when I was sure that they had completely forgotten that we were in the room.

We didn't feel slighted, though. The tableau they presented was far too exciting. I don't know about the other two guys, but sometimes I forgot to breathe!

The feminine orgy went on for a good forty-five minutes at least. It would have been impossible to count the orgasms we witnessed. But finally they were exhausted. They lay together in a tangle of sexy arms and legs for several more minutes without moving except for a few light kisses here and there.

Kyle, Tony and I continued to stare at them. We were in awe of the display of pure sexuality that we just witnessed. It was a long time before Denise sighed and admitted, "I was nervous about this. I had fun out at the lake when we kissed and touched. But I didn't know how I was going to feel when it came right down to eating another girl's pussy."

Kala smiled at her and said, "Yeah. I know. But it's fun, isn't it?"

She kissed Kala and said, "I don't want to marry either of you or have your children. But if you don't mind, I want you and Cass and Sam to be my girlfriends, if Kyle doesn't mind. I want to keep doing this until I'm old and gray."

Kyle chuckled and said, "You can see how much that disgusting display turned me off!"

Denise smiled and said, "Okay! Now it's the boys turn!"

They all laughed when they saw the expressions on our faces. We all knew that wasn't going to happen!

Denise looked at Kyle's hard cock and slowly got to her knees. She crawled closer and wrapped her fingers around his cock. She looked up and in a concerned voice she asked, "Oh dear, did I do that?!"

Then, while I circled around them taking pictures, Denise began to suck on Kyle's cock so violently I was afraid that she was going to damage him.

Sam got up and stood nearby watching for a few minutes. That was as long as it took for Kyle to cum in her mouth. She swallowed as if she did this all the time and enjoyed it. Then she kissed the head of his cock and smiled up at him. She whispered, "You were worth waiting for."

Kyle reached down and helped her up. He pulled her into his lap and they kissed passionately. I got one picture of that before Sam tapped me on the shoulder, smiled and said, "Tony's turn. I want lots of pictures."

I began shooting as her sexy little ass twitched seductively across the floor towards Tony. He was still sitting on my bed, leaning back against my headboard and watching all the sex going on around him. And his cock was still very hard. She climbed up onto the foot of my bed and grabbed his ankles. She pulled him down until he was flat on his back with his legs spread wide on either side of her.

She smiled down at him and said, "I never thought guys were sexy with their clothes off until we went to the lake yesterday. I think you're beautiful. And I love the way you taste."

Kyle was nearby, filming them with the movie camera. I started moving around taking pictures of that sexy little minx devouring my little brother.

Sam threw herself wholeheartedly into enthusiastically sucking my brother's cock, twice as it turned out. He was so excited that the first one was over almost before it started.

Kala and Denise joined them on the bed and while Sam sucked Tony's cock, they teased her tits and played with her ass and her pussy. I can't say that she was any more enthusiastic. But it had to be a lot more fun for her that way.

After Tony came again she rested her head on his belly and held his cock in her mouth until her sister and Denise fingered her to another orgasm. These were going to be some very sexy pictures. I knew that Sam would be pleased.

Everyone seemed to be sated at last. We went down to the pool and sat in the shade under the awning. The sexual tension had been significantly diminished and we all sat around and talked almost as if we had clothes on. The amusing thing was that the only person who seemed self conscious was not any of the naked people. It was Sam, the girl who was wearing her underwear.

She wasn't kidding about a heavy flow. She had to go to the bathroom at least once an hour for most of the day to change her pad and her tampon. But she was amazed at how cramp free her period was. She usually has a problem with severe cramps.

Cass said that she learned from an aunt a long time ago that if she masturbates when she's having her period she isn't bothered as much by cramps.

I'd been mulling over Cass's problems with her husband in the back of my mind all morning. After lunch I suggested a possible method of interesting Don in joining our life of debauchery. It wasn't too obvious and would give us a chance to back off if it didn't go well.

It wasn't a good plan. But it was the only real plan put forth so far and we've been reduced to grasping at straws. Cass said she'd think about it. She wasn't convinced my suggestion would work, much less provide an out if it started to go bad.

However, it was only two minutes later that she said, "What the hell am I thinking?! I've already decided that I don't want to go on like this. Let's work out the details later."

A little later, at a little after one, Kala got up and whispered in my ear, "Let's cool off in the pool for a few minutes. Then I'd like to go up and be alone for a while."

She took my hand and pulled me to my feet. We went over to the steps and walked slowly down into the water. It felt much cooler after basking in the afternoon heat. But once we got used to it the cool water was very refreshing.

We waded in until the water was up above her beautiful tits and I held her in my arms. We didn't talk much. I let my mind wander. It didn't go far, though. It went a few years into our future. But mainly we just held each other and enjoyed being close.

After a few minutes she asked, "What are you thinking?"

I laughed quietly and said, "Don't you know you aren't supposed to ask a guy that question? There are only two possible answers. We are either not thinking at all. Or we are thinking about sex."

She smiled and said, "Oh yeah. I forgot."

I kissed her and said, "Actually, I was imagining how wonderful it's going to be when we are no longer living in separate houses. I was thinking about the day when we could spend all day and all night together."

She sighed and said, "It seems like that day is so far away."

I felt the same way. But I said, "You know, we told our parents that we won't marry until we graduate. We didn't say anything about what we were waiting to graduate from. They are probably assuming we meant college. I don't see why we can't be married and go to college."

"That's true. Or we could just live together."

I imagined facing her father if we were living together without being married and I didn't think that was necessarily our best option.

We got out of the pool and dried off. Kala announced, "We're going inside for a while. We don't wish to be disturbed."

Sam laughed and said, "Well la-de-da! Miss Wendell doesn't wish to be disturbed! Don't worry, sis. I'll call the airport and tell them to shut down until you wish to be disturbed."

Kala went over and kissed her sister on the cheek. She straightened up and said to everyone who was watching, "Abuse like this is why I always wished that I was an only child."

We went up to my room and lay down facing each other in my bed. We didn't do anything. We just lay there and enjoyed being together alone. Sometimes we talked about being together and in love and wondered about the future. But mostly we just held each other and enjoyed being in love.

It didn't even seem like time was passing. But outside of my room the world had apparently continued to turn. There was a knock on the door and I looked up to see Sam smiling at us. She said, "If you have any strength left, we need to get going. You should probably take a quick shower."

Kala said, "We weren't doing anything, just holding on tight and talking."

Sam exclaimed, "That's weird!"

We got up and got dressed, reluctantly. Tony was carrying computer components down to my car. He stopped to say, "I told them we would take them home so I could hook up Kala's new monitor."

I nodded. I didn't mind at all. As is always the case I hated to say goodbye.

Kyle and Denise left and Cass kissed us both and started to leave for home. I stopped her and tried to insist that she stay and have dinner with us. But she was expecting a phone call from her husband so we agreed that she would join us tomorrow night instead.

I helped Tony carry Sam's new computer and Kala's new monitor down to the car. Then we drove them home.

We carried all the computer stuff inside and up the stairs. I talked to Mrs. Wendell while Tony hooked up Kala's new monitor and checked it out.

I noticed when I was upstairs that it looked like Sam's room was finished. I volunteered to come back after supper tonight and help Mr. Wendell move the furniture back in and set up her bed. I knew that Tony would be more than anxious to help as well. He'd do anything to spend another minute with Sam.

She thanked me and tried to get us to stay for supper. It was tempting. But I was anxious to find out how Mr. Vincent had fared on his first day as plant manager.

I promised to return as soon as dinner was over and we took off. I called mom when I got home to find out when they would be home. She promised to be home on time so I started supper.

As soon as my parents got home I asked about Kyle's dad. They weren't just pleased. They were ecstatic! Mom said that he was worth twice what they were paying him already. He came in and looked around this morning, touring the plant with my parents. He suggested some immediate changes which were already making a big difference.

The employees seem to like him and his easy going management style. He fit in so well and put his stamp on the way the place operated instantly. You would think he had been working there for years. Before they closed up shop for the evening they informed him that they had changed their mind about his salary. They were going to have to pay him more than they originally offered.

Dad said he didn't seem too upset.

After we had dinner, I drove Tony back to the Wendell's house. We spent the next hour and a half moving and assembling furniture and putting up curtains. Then I helped Tony set up Sam's new computer and put both girls' computers on the wireless router he brought with him. I never ask him how or why he has all of the strange computer components he accumulates. With Tony you just have to accept things.

When I completed my assigned tasks I went downstairs and waited with Kala and her parents for Tony to finish up. They watched something on television and I sat in the kitchen with Kala. Tony and a very excited Sam came down fifteen minutes later and we said goodnight and went home.

We tentatively planned on going to the lake again the next day. But when I got up in the morning it was dark and rainy. I went downstairs and made coffee and enjoyed a few minutes with my parents before they went to work. At the last minute I remembered that I invited Cass to join us for dinner. I felt bad about her spending so much time alone in the evening while her husband is away.

Mom suggested that she invite the Vincents to join us and we all go out to our favorite Italian restaurant tonight. She said she would speak with Mr. Vincent and call me later to let me know if they were going.

We talked for a few minutes and it was easy to see how much more relaxed they were before going in to work. Normally they would be hyping themselves up for another day of doing more work than they could handle. It was a pleasure to see how much calmer they are after just one day with a new plant manager.

Cass must have seen them leave. She knows that I have coffee with my parents in the morning. She came over and joined me for another cup as soon as my parents left.

When I let her in through the front door she pressed up against me. I put my arms around her and we kissed. After a moment I pulled back and looked down at her pretty face.

She smiled and said, "It makes you uncomfortable, doesn't it? You feel like you're cheating on Kala. Not because you're kissing me. It bothers you that you're kissing me when she isn't here."

I sighed and nodded. She said, "She doesn't mind. I talked to her. I told her we were just very good friends. Do you know what she said?"

I shook my head.

"She said that it would probably be different if she didn't feel the same way about me that you do. I really think she doesn't mind."

I smiled and said, "I know. I talked to her, too. She told me she doesn't mind that I love you in the strange way that I do. She doesn't feel threatened by the way we feel about each other. And I believe her when she says that. But when we were kissing just now I felt ... I don't know. I felt like I was doing something wrong because she isn't here."

The look on Cass's face let me know that she thought it was nice that I felt that way. But she was sad, too.

I felt sad, too. I'm very, very fond of Cass and she's having a hard time with her husband right now. I wanted to be able to comfort her.

I pulled her close again and said, "Give me a few days to get used to being in love. I'll soon revert to my old pervert self. I promise."

She kissed me and said, "I hope so. You're such a sweet pervert."

We went into the kitchen. I poured us both a cup of coffee and we talked about my plan for getting Don interested in the fun and games. We also talked about his recent loss of sex drive. She was sure that he didn't have another woman hidden away somewhere. She was almost certain that it wasn't because of something she has done or said. I couldn't offer any explanation for a man losing interest in having sex with her. She is one of the two sexiest females I know.

Tony came stumbling down to the kitchen in his jockey shorts after we'd been talking for about half an hour. He didn't realize that we had company until after he poured himself a glass of juice. He finally turned around and blushed furiously when he saw Cass.

She laughed and said, "Silly boy! I've sucked your dick! You've eaten my pussy and fucked me! Now you're embarrassed because I see you in your underwear?"

He blushed and shrugged. Then he said, "Quit picking on me or I'll tell my big brother to beat you up."

She laughed and replied, "Please do."

Tony gulped down his glass of juice and said, "I have to take a shower. I just got an email from Sam. She said she won't be here until later. Her mom is taking her to the doctor's office. Well, she actually said that she is being taken to the vet's to get fixed. I assume that means to get birth control pills. Kyle is going to pick up Kala and Denise. They should be here in about half an hour."

I left Cass alone in the kitchen and Tony and I went upstairs to shower and dress. We got downstairs just before the others arrived.

Kyle looked strange when I first saw him. I asked him what was wrong and at first he just looked at me. Finally he said, "I don't know how to be this happy. I mean ... you know me! I'm always happy, more or less. I don't worry much about anything. But I've always had to work my ass off for everything I have.

"Last night I asked dad how he likes his new job. He had a look on his face when he came home like someone had hit him in the head with a club and stunned him. I was afraid your parents had fired him.

"He stared at me blankly for a minute before he finally said, 'I love my job! It's my dream job!'

"But he had that dazed look on his face and my mom and I were scared shitless! He never even smiled. He just looked at us and said as if he couldn't believe it himself, 'They gave me a raise! Before I came home, Rod came over to me and told me they were very impressed. He said that he talked it over with Janet and they decided that my starting salary should be one seventy-five a year. I got a fifty thousand dollar a year raise on my first day!'

"Jesus! You should have seen his face!"

Then he looked at me and asked, "Did you know about this?"

I shook my head and answered, "I know they were very impressed. They were more relaxed this morning than I've seen them ... ever! He has taken a huge load off of them. They said they were going to give him a raise. But they never discuss money with me or Tony. I didn't know how much he was making until you told us."

Kyle exclaimed, "Dean, you should see him! He's a different man. In one day he's a different man. He was nervous about the job. He didn't say anything. But I knew that he was afraid he wouldn't be able to handle it because of his lack of education. It turns out that not only can he handle it, he loves it! And in one day his pay went up from under twenty thousand a year to a hundred and seventy-five thousand a year. I swear, when I saw him leaving for work this morning I almost cried like a girl!"

I didn't know what to say to that. I wasn't used to seeing Kyle showing his emotions when there wasn't a sporting event involved. He was making me uncomfortable.
Chapter 14
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Vulgus's Page « 400mm of Mrs. Hanson Index « Previous
Chapter 14
Posted: July 04, 2009 - 01:46:32 pm
Updated: May 13, 2012 - 08:58:20 am

My plan for tricking Cass's husband involved a bikini. But it wasn't a bikini that you can buy at Sear's. She was pretty sure that they sold them at a place on the other side of town called Sweet Nothings. It's a boutique that sells sexy clothes and lingerie.

It's kind of hard to get six people into my car. So I called mom and asked if I could use her SUV. I explained that it was a problem of capacity. I promised not to take it off roading.

She didn't mind. We all piled into her Yukon with three rows of seating. I had an idea where the store is and headed in that general direction. When we got close, Cass directed me to it.

They were already open and there were several other cars in the parking lot. I sat for a minute, looking at the sexy clothes on display in the window and said to Kala, "We're going to have come here more often."

She leaned over and kissed me. Then, with a sexy little smile she said, "If this stuff makes you happy then I want a closet full of it!"

You gotta love a girl like that!

We waited until a heavy squall passed over. When the rain finally calmed down to something a little less like a monsoon we got out and made a dash for the store.

It was one of those places that look larger on the inside than they do on the outside. And everywhere we looked were some of the sexiest women's clothes I've ever seen. I knew that I was gonna like this place!

Along the wall on our right were ten or twelve changing booths. Only half of them had doors! Everyone's attention was immediately drawn to an attractive young woman trying on a dress in one of the booths that had no door! We all stopped and stared in astonishment.

She glanced up when we came in. But she didn't seem to mind at all that the six of us were staring at her in only a pair of bikini panties. The woman in the booth looked like she was in her mid twenties. The man who was with her and enjoying the show as much as we were looked like he was in his fifties.

They glanced at us briefly and then ignored us as the woman went about trying on dresses in front of her ... whatever he was. I'm guessing he isn't her father.

A beautiful redhead came over and introduced herself. Her name was Jo. She looked about as much like a Jo as Kala's sister looked like a Sam! She asked if she could help us and Cass told her that we were looking for a Wicked Weasel for Kala.

Jo smiled and said, "I just got some new ones in. They're back in the corner with the other bathing suits. Do you need any help?"

Cass said, "No. I don't think so. We just want to pick one up and look around a little. Thank you."

As we headed for the back corner where the bathing suit display is Jo said, "They also make some very sexy panties. You should check out our lingerie selection if you have time."

There wasn't a bikini back there that I thought my mother would have the nerve to wear, not that she wouldn't look good in them. But she wouldn't wear them. We walked past some very interesting suits to the Wicked Weasel display. I think that all six of us gaped when we spotted them. It's a good thing that no one else was back there. We must have looked like idiots with our jaws hanging down the way they were.

Cass finally stepped up to the display and started going through them. After a moment Kala joined her. Kyle and Denise stood with me and watched them. Denise was standing in front of Kyle. He had his arms around her as they watched Cass pull out various tiny bikinis and hold them up to Kala.

Denise said, "My mother would lock me in the basement for a year if she knew I was even looking at those things! But damn! They certainly are sexy!"

Kyle chuckled and asked, "Can you imagine paddling up to the restaurant out at the lake in one of those?"

Denise was silent for a moment. But then she said, "Yeah. I can. If you were with me."

Nothing was said for a moment. But then Kyle said, "I'll buy it if you'll wear it."

She turned around in his arms and looked into his eyes. She cocked her head and asked, "Would you really like to see me like that? Would you like our friends to see me in that?"

Kyle sighed and admitted, "I'm sorry. I know that makes me a pervert. But yeah, the idea of you getting out of the canoe at the lake and a bunch of us going inside like that and driving all of our friends nuts, that turns me on. Sorry."

She smiled and said, "Don't be sorry. It turns me on, too. I'll do it. But only if we all wear them."

He raised his eyebrow and said, "You mean all of the girls, right?"

She laughed and grabbed his hard cock. She said, "Don't worry, baby. I know that little bikini wouldn't cover your stuff. Yeah, all of us girls."

Cass and Kala continued going through the suits on display. But they were listening.

They looked at each other for a moment and then first Cass and then Kala nodded. Kala looked over at Denise and said, "We'll do it. I'll get a suit for Sam, too. She'll be pissed if we leave her out."

Denise pulled away from Kyle and joined the other two girls going through the suits. Some of them were more substantial. Some of them were even made of denim and lined, just like normal bikinis. But the bikinis the girls were looking at were just about large enough to cover the bits that had to be covered to keep from being arrested. Some were lined. Many were not.

They picked out four suits, finally. I was surprised at how long it took. Then there was a discussion about whether or not they should try them on. Once they decided to try them on they had to decide which changing booths to use. We three guys just stayed out of the way and kept our mouths shut.

To be honest, we weren't all that surprised when they elected to use the booths that don't have doors. Actually they didn't so much decide as dare each other.

The couple that was trying on clothes when we came in had made their selections. They were at the cash register paying for them as we approached the booths. Another woman was changing in one of the booths with a door on it and another young couple had just finished trying on something and were about to walk away until they saw us approaching.

Kala went first, since she was the one that we came to shop for. She didn't seem very self conscious at all when she stepped into the booth and started to remove her clothes. She didn't even seem to mind when the couple at the counter returned to watch or when the other young couple hung around to enjoy the show.

Kala is incredibly sexy when she's naked. But that suit seemed to demand that you look at those small bits that it covered. Its bright color drew your eyes to her nipples, which were visible through the thin material, and her pussy which was just as plainly visible under that sheer patch of cloth.

The tiny piece of cloth over her slit was going to make it obvious to everyone that she shaves her pubic hair. Looking at her now, standing there naked with her hairless pussy on display in a public place was much different than in the privacy of our backyard or a quiet, secluded little clearing out at the lake. Suddenly she seemed more than naked. I was about that close to cumming in my pants!

We all watched Kala put on the suit and step out of the booth to model it. In a breathless, lust choked voice I said, "That is the hottest thing I've ever seen! I like it. But you know that if you wear that to the lake the kids are going to talk about it for the rest of their lives."

She laughed and said, "What the hell! They've already seen my tits. And quite a few of them watched me have an orgasm the last time we were there."

I suppose she has a point.

She removed the suit and put her clothes back on at a leisurely pace, not at all upset by the growing audience.

Cass went next. Two more couples and a woman shopping alone had come in while Kala was trying on her suit. They were all watching now as Cass undressed.

I was a little surprised. Cass seemed more ill at ease undressing in front of an audience than Kala did. But before long I noticed that, while she may have been embarrassed, she was also very excited. She was definitely getting a kick out of this.

When Cass finished and put her clothes back on she came out and whispered, "It's a good thing I'm buying this. The crotch is soaking wet! Fuck that was hot!"

I heard Denise chuckle. But then she looked around at the somewhat larger crowd of bystanders and whispered to Kyle, "Shit! I wish now that I'd gone first! Look at all those people!"

Kyle laughed and said, "You don't have to use that booth. You can use one with doors. Or you can just take the damned thing home! How could it not fit? It's just string!"

She grinned at him and said, "Oh no you don't! I'm not going to chicken out. If those two crazy cunts can do it I can do it!"

She took a deep breath and tried to gather her courage. Kala whispered to her, "It isn't easy. But god! It was so fucking exciting!"

Denise smiled at her and said, "Want to come back next week and buy something else?"

Kala laughed and answered, "I wouldn't mind coming back every day! As long as I get laid afterwards."

I was holding her in my arms. I leaned down, lightly kissed her neck and said, "I'm available to put on retainer."

Cass was standing next to us. We were all watching Denise now. She was slowly undressing in the booth. Cass said, "Maybe Dean will let us have a group rate."

Kala snickered and said, "I'm not worried about it. I've heard that he's pretty damned easy."

Cass sighed and said with a touch of sadness, "You were misinformed. I tried to kiss him earlier. He said it felt too much like he was cheating on you."

Kala looked at Cass in surprise. She turned and looked at me for a moment. Then she turned back to Cass and said, "I'll talk to him. I thought we had this straightened out. I apologize."

I was forewarned. I was pretty sure I knew what Kala was going to say. I had a little time to think about how I was going to explain how I felt.

It was fun watching the girls in the booth. All three of them seemed to have the same reaction. They were embarrassed, but very excited. I think that all three of them learned that there was a lot more exhibitionist in them than they realized.

By the time Denise finished trying on her bikini there were more than a dozen people watching, not counting our little group. Most of the customers were couples. I only saw one man come in alone. He looked like he felt very uncomfortable being in a lingerie boutique. That didn't stop him from stopping to enjoy the show.

There were also several women who were shopping by themselves. It surprised me that they seemed to be as entertained by the girls using the booth with no door as the men were.

When Denise was dressed I took all four bikinis up to the counter. Jo had been watching us at the changing booths. I asked her if a lot of women used the booths without doors.

She laughed and said, "I was really surprised. I had the doors taken off of the first four booths because I noticed that so many women were trying things on while their husbands or boyfriends held the doors open and watched them. Those booths were an instant hit. I finally had to have a few more doors removed to handle the demand."

She nodded towards the booth. I turned back in that direction to see a woman undressing in front of the crowd. Jo shook her head and said, "My business is way up since I removed those doors. Believe it or not, there are women who come in here alone every week or two and buy something just so they can use those booths. I guess it's a safe place to experience your fantasies of exhibitionism. For whatever reason, it really works for my bottom line."

I paid for the suits and we left. I assured her that we'd be back soon.

She smiled and said, "I watched those women try those suits on. I knew that you'd be back. It's almost as exciting as going to a strip club."

I was just teasing when I asked, "Oh yeah? How would a nice young lady like you know that?"

She grinned and said, "A lady never tells."

I was left with no doubt that she knew what the inside of a strip joint looked like.

We piled back into the SUV and I drove towards home. Since it was still raining we decided to rent a couple of movies and waste the day hanging around the house. When we got to the rental place we let Cass and Denise go in to pick out the movie with warnings of dire consequences if they showed up with a chick-flick.

As soon as they were out of the car, Kala reached over and punched me on the shoulder.

It didn't really hurt, of course. But I grabbed my shoulder and demanded, "What the hell was that for?!"

She replied, "That was for being so cold to Cass this morning!"

I guess I should have expected that.

Kala said, "She told me that when she came to your house this morning you treated her like a neighbor! Dean! Damn it! I told you I'm not jealous of you and Cass! You hurt her feelings this morning. She was sad. I won't stand for that!"

Kyle was sitting behind me. He laughed and said, "Did you ever think that your girlfriend would kick your ass for not fucking around on her?"

Kala replied, "I don't consider anything that he does with Cass to be cheating on me. They're just friends with benefits. It isn't like he'd be doing anything behind my back. He already has permission."

In my defense I said, "Saying it and feeling it are two different things. You obviously don't understand how confusing women are!"

"There you go again with that 'I'm just a man' crap! We are a strange group. But we are a close group. And if I have a problem with anything you do I already promised to let you know. I don't have a problem with anything you do with Cass or Denise or Sam. We are all too close and have done too much together. I better not get any more complaints from Cass or you're in trouble!"

Kyle piped up from the backseat, "Maybe now is a good time to tell her about us, Dean."

Kala grinned and said, "I'd like to see that!"

I quickly exclaimed, "That isn't funny, Kyle! And you aren't ever going to see that. I don't have a problem with those that are into that sort of thing. Live and let live. But I don't have it in me. So if you want to see some of that you're going to have to get the movie. Just don't try to make me watch it."

Cass came to my door on Thursday morning to say that she was picking her husband up at the airport in the early afternoon. He was taking Friday off and she suggested that I bring Kala over on Friday afternoon to put our plan into motion.

I felt a strange sense of loss when it was official that her husband was coming home. While it's true that we spend most of our time with her during the day when her husband will be at work anyway, I felt certain that his return will have an effect on our lives if we don't manage to find out what his problem is and correct it.

Cass called me on my cell phone Thursday night. She apologized for calling so late. But she was really upset. After being away for two weeks her husband came home and avoided all of her attempts to get him to take her to bed until nine o'clock. She said it was as if he couldn't fuck her until the clock struck nine.

At nine o'clock he fucked her, in the missionary position, with almost no foreplay, as if he was following a script. He reached orgasm in about three minutes and rolled over and went to sleep.

She said that if something isn't resolved tomorrow then as far as she's concerned her marriage is over.

I escorted Kala to Cass's house on Friday afternoon. She was wearing her new Wicked Weasel. Over that she was wearing a cover-up, a long t-shirt that covered her to about half way down her thighs.

Although I've met Don several times we've never really had a conversation. He was more than pleasant when we showed up at his door. He invited us in and thanked us for keeping Cass occupied while he was away.

I didn't get much time alone with him. But because of our age difference and how little we know of each other I thought it was highly unlikely that he would share the most intimate secrets of his life with me. I couldn't see myself asking him why he doesn't seem all that interesting in having sex with his extremely sexy wife.

We went out to the pool and sat in the shade. He told us about his trip and a little about his work. It was boring as hell but we smiled and asked dumb questions from time to time as if we cared.

After a while Kala asked if she could take a dip in the pool to cool down. She stood up and pulled her t-shirt off. I was watching Don's face. I almost laughed out loud at the shock and embarrassment I saw there when he saw her in that nearly non-existent bikini.

As we had planned, Cass said, "Oh my! That's beautiful! Let me see you, Kala!"

Cass and her husband were sitting side by side. Kala went around the table and stood so that she was facing them, but between them with her knees almost touching each of theirs.

Cass sat up and said, "Isn't that sexy, Don? Can I get one of these?"

Don was still speechless.

Cass reached out and pulled Kala a little closer. She casually reached out and pulled the tiny patch of nearly transparent material away from Kala's body and said, "Oh look. It isn't lined."

And then she exclaimed, "Oh my goodness! You had to cut off all of your pubic hair! That looks sexy. Do you like it Don?"

Because of the way that Cass was holding that little triangle away from Kala's body, Don was looking right at her shaved pussy. He still had a stunned look on his face. But that wasn't his only reaction. The tent in the front of his trunks was pretty obvious, too.

Kala just smiled sweetly and said, "Dean bought it for me at Sweet Nothings. Isn't it hot?! I love it. I think it's even sexier than being naked. What do you think, Don?"

Don tried to speak. His voice broke and he tried again. He finally managed to say, "Yes. It's very sexy. But ... really, Cass? You'd wear one of those?!"

Cass shrugged and replied, "I like to be sexy, too."

I was still watching him more than the sexy show the girls were putting on. I didn't get it. It looked like the idea of Cass in one of those suits turned him on. And looking at Kala was obviously exciting him.

I just didn't understand him. He was like two different people. I got the impression that he wants to be the man that Cass needs him to be. But for some reason he can't.

It's obvious that until we find out what his problem is this is never going to work. We're getting nowhere trying to lure him out. He wants to behave differently. I'm sure of it. But something is holding him back.

I continued to stare at Don. But I said to Cass and Kala, "Would you ladies leave us alone for a few minutes. Don and I need to talk."

That wasn't a part of the plan. Both girls looked at me nervously. But after a slight hesitation the girls went inside.

I looked at Don and said, "I know you aren't going to feel much like confiding in a teenager. But you have a problem. You're about to lose your wife. Hell! I think I know Cass better than you do! I don't get it. I've been watching you. You aren't a cold fish. What the hell is wrong with you?!"

He slumped in his chair. He couldn't look me in the eye. He was staring up at the awning over our heads. After a minute or two he covered his face with his hands as if he was going to start to cry and he said, "You wouldn't understand."

He sounded so despondent. I could tell that he was at least aware that there was a problem. That was a start. He gave Cass the impression he didn't think there was one.

I sighed and said, "I think I would. And anyway, I'm your best shot. Do you have someone else you can talk to about this? I've gotten to know Cass pretty well in the last two weeks. She's about this close to calling it quits. You either talk to me or lose her. This little get together this afternoon and that bikini that Kala has on are all part of a plan we cooked up to try one last time to find out what's wrong with you and put your marriage back together. What do you have to lose?"

He dropped his hands to his lap and finally looked at me. He looked desperate, but hopeless. He quietly asked, "How much do you know?"

I will admit that I was at least as uncomfortable with this conversation as he was. A part of that was because I thought our activities of the last week and a half were probably going to come out and I was worried about how he would react to that. But our little plan to draw him out is never going to work unless we find out what the problem is. Something is still holding him back even though it seems obvious to me that he would love to be more like the kind of man that Cass wants him to be.

I replied, "I wasn't kidding when I said that I probably know Cass better than you do."

He turned dark red and asked, "Do you know about Cass and my boss?"

That nearly floored me. I never imagined that he knew about Ricky and Cass!

I nodded.

Don picked up his beer and gulped it down. Then he said, "The son of a bitch is blackmailing me. He calls me into his office every time he has sex with Cass and tells me all about it in minute detail. And he tells me when I can make love to my own wife and how I can do it and how long it can last.

"I tried telling him to go to hell. I tried to quit my job. I had a better job lined up and I wanted desperately to get away from that son of a bitch. But ... he won't let me. He set me up. I don't ... I can't ... the bastard owns me now!"

I didn't put it past Ricky. There wasn't any question in my mind that he was the kind of devious son of a bitch who would do something like that. But it occurred to me that I might be able to solve this problem. I have some very incriminating pictures with which I can blackmail Ricky.

I said, "I know you don't want to talk about this. But I might be able to help. Let's go back to the beginning. Tell me what happened. Tell me what he has on you."

Don groaned and said, "God! This is so humiliating. Ricky started hitting on Cass from the moment he met her. And he didn't even care that I was aware of it. Every time he talked to me at work he told me how hot she is, how much he likes her sexy body and wants to jump her. But he used much more explicit terms. Please don't tell Cass, but I guess I have a big streak of voyeur in me. I've always thought that it would be hot to see her with another guy. Even Ricky! But I knew she'd never go for it.

"At every company function he would hit on her, even with me standing right beside her! He was humiliating me on purpose. But I had such a damned good job. I didn't want to give that up. You have no idea what the job market is like right now. Good jobs are very hard to find.

"Then, about seven months ago he went with me on one of the frequent out of town trips he likes to send me on. That was when he set me up. We ate most of our meals in the hotel restaurant. One night he put something in my drink. I don't even remember finishing my meal. I didn't know what he did to me until a couple of weeks later. He called me into his office and showed me the disgusting pictures he took of me on our trip.

"They were staged pictures of me with a male prostitute he hired. We didn't actually do anything. He just posed me for the pictures. But you couldn't tell that from the photographs. They were explicit and they were gross.

"He told me that he owned me. He told me that he was going to be fucking my wife regularly from then on. He gave me a schedule. The idea was that she would be so horny it would make it easier for him to break through her defenses. Then he had a Christmas party at his house. He got her plastered and he made me hide behind the curtains in his den while he brought her in and all but raped her in front of me.

"Now it's hopeless. Every time I try to get him to leave us alone or to let me quit he shows me envelopes all ready to be sent to Cass and to our families and the professional associations that I belong to. He would ruin me. I don't know what to do.

"And the most disgusting part of the story is that I look forward to hearing about the afternoons he spends with my wife. It always turns me on. How sick is that?!"

I heard several reasons to be hopeful in his long explanation of his plight. He isn't the prude that he has been forced to let Cass think he is. I suspect that when he hears about her exploits during this last trip he might enjoy the story. And when he sees Cass and Kala making out he's going to go nuts.

I smiled and said, "Don, I believe that I can make all of this go away. More than that, though, I can make a lot of your fantasies come true if you really want them to. I have one question. Do you want to remain where you are now or is that other job still open?"

He smiled at me ruefully, obviously doubtful that a sixteen year old boy can straighten out his fucked up life. But he said, "The other job is still available. But if I try to take it, Ricky will send the pictures to my prospective employer and that will be the end of that."

I picked up my cell phone and asked, "What's Ricky's number?"

Don turned white and exclaimed, "Are you out of your mind?! If he finds out that we even had this conversation I am so screwed!"

I smiled and said, "Not unless he wants to go to jail for a very long time. Please, trust me. I need his number."

It was obvious that he was doing so against his better judgment. But he finally gave me the number. It was Ricky's cell phone. He answered and I identified myself. Then I said, "We need to arrange for a trade, Ricky. You give Don those pictures you took of him and I don't have Kala call the cops and fill out a complaint against you for violently raping a sixteen year old girl. And I have the pictures to prove it. Just to sweeten the pot a little, I'll probably let you and your brother fuck Cass and Kala every once in a while, without all the violence of course."

Don's eyes were popping out of his head. But that was nothing. In a few minutes, assuming all goes well with Ricky, I'm going to tell him a story that will probably make him cum in his pants.

Ricky was silent for so long that I was beginning to wonder if we had gotten disconnected. But he finally said, "I don't like giving up all that control to a punk kid, but like I said last week, you got balls kid. I guess you got yourself a deal."

I didn't entirely trust him. But there was no way to verify that he gave up all of his fake photos so I had to go on faith. I said, "We'll come by this afternoon and pick up the envelopes you have. We will, of course, want every copy you have. If any of those pictures ever turns up, at the very least you will spend a fucking fortune in lawyer's fees, and if there's any justice you'll spend a lot of time behind bars."

He laughed and said, "I get the point. But I'm going to hold you to your word on the other. I still want to fuck that hot little bitch of yours."

I said, "We'll set it up. If you act half human I wouldn't mind watching."

"I told you before, I got carried away. I apologized and I meant it. It won't happen again."

I covered the phone and asked Don, "When do you want to start at the new job?"

He looked dazed. But he thought for a second and said, "I'll need a week to tie up loose ends."

I put the phone back to my ear and said, "One more thing, Ricky. Consider this your one week notice from Don. He's changing jobs. He'll be in Monday and work next week. We'll see you in about an hour to pick up the photos."

I hung up and said, "It's over. Now, brace yourself. You aren't the only one that has an embarrassing story to tell. Would you like another beer?"

He nodded. The amazed but somehow blank look on his face was amusing. But now it was time to get the girls back out here and clear the air. I went to the patio door and called out to them, "Would you like to join us? And would you bring Don another beer? He really needs a drink."

When they came back out, Cass was wearing her Wicked Weasel. I heard Don exclaim under his breath, "Holy shit!"

When the girls got close enough I pulled Cass into my lap and invited Kala to sit in Don's lap. She sat down in his lap, without any help from him. He seemed to be afraid to touch her.

Kala smiled and said, "Guess what, Cass? I think he likes your new bikini. Either that or he's carrying a gun."

Cass smiled and said, "He doesn't like guns."

Don watched as I started moving my hands over Cass's body. He still sat without touching Kala with his hands. I finally had to say, "Don! Am I going to have to find you a girl that comes with directions? Can't you see she wants to be touched?"

He stopped watching my hands on his wife's body and looked at her face. She smiled and said, "Go ahead, Don. I've touched her. I highly recommend it. She's a very sexy little thing."

Don finally began to explore Kala's sexy body. His touch was very tentative at first. He probably wasn't sure yet that it wasn't some kind of trick.

Kala leaned forward and untied the strings on her top. She sat back against him, guiding one of his hands to her breast. She said, "You might as well get used to it. We'll probably be doing this often. Your wife has fallen in with a bad crowd and we've corrupted her."

Don couldn't bring himself to explain to Cass what he had just told me about the way he had been set up and blackmailed and that he already knew about the times that Ricky had spent with her in the last six months. So I told her the whole sordid story. Then I told them about the phone call I just made and the deal I worked out with Ricky.

Cass didn't seem to know what to feel. She told him she was disappointed that he didn't trust her enough to confide in her.

He shook his head and said, "If you saw those pictures ... I just couldn't."

She was disappointed that he didn't trust her. But she was excited that it looked like they were getting their life back. She was even more excited that it was going to be a new and improved version of her life that would include her new friends and lovers. She was even kind of happy that she didn't have to completely give up being taken by Ricky. He's a very exciting lover.

Kala got up after I was finished telling them his side of the story. She came around the table and took Cass's hand. She smiled and said, "I need a little relief."

Cass got up and they spread a couple of towels out in the grass. Don watched in disbelief as Cass and Kala started making out and then making love. I don't know if this is one of his fantasies. But if it wasn't before it is now!

While we watched the girls at play I told Don everything that happened in the last week and a half, starting with watching Ricky roughly taking Cass in their backyard. When I mentioned the pictures I saw the smile on his face grow. He was going to love those.

I told him about Sam and Denise and our little parties. I watched him closely as I revealed more and more of the activities that we've involved Cass in while he was away. I watched him closely as I opened up to him. I didn't see any sign of jealousy. I guess he didn't feel threatened by me, my little brother or Kyle.

Of course, there was no way of telling how he was going to feel about all of this once he's had a little time to think about it and the details have had time to sink in.

After watching the girls at play for a while I suggested we join them. Don became nervous once more when I pounced on his wife. He was so fascinated watching me molest his wife, close up and personal this time, that he forgot all about Kala until she got to her knees in front of him and pulled his trunks down.

She could see that he wanted to watch. She smiled up at him and said, "That's okay. You go ahead and watch. I'll just play by myself."

Then she began sucking his cock like he has probably never had it sucked before.

I stopped watching them and devoted my attention to Cass. She wasn't quite as horny as Don had left her last night. Kala had taken care of that. But she was happy that it looked like her problems were solved and she was even happier to discover that her husband apparently enjoys watching her have sex with others. This is apparently a fantasy coming true for both of them.

I made love to Cass for as long as I could. I enjoyed the show they put on earlier and I was very turned on myself. Thanks to all of that stimulation I came all too soon. I think Cass enjoyed a mild orgasm as I ground against her while my own orgasm wound down. But I'm not sure. She may have been faking it. Ever since I found out that women do that a lot I always wonder.

I slowly got to my feet and said, "I have to go next door and get dressed. Don and I are going to drive over to his office for a few minutes. I'll be right back."

I went home, took a quick shower, got dressed and hurried back to their backyard. When I went in through the gate I saw Don on top of Kala. Cass was sitting beside them with her hand between their legs.

I got there just in time to witness the grand finale. Don got up and spotted me. He blushed and said, "I hope you don't mind."

It was a stupid thing to say after I had pushed her on him twice already today. But I laughed and said, "I like watching, too."

Don took a shower and got dressed. I drove him into his office. It was an amusing trip. He's never ridden in a GTX before. It was just one more orgasmic experience for him.

We talked about Cass on the way in. In some ways I really do know his wife better than he does. But he turned out to be much more open minded than we thought he was, thankfully. He seemed to find everything that I told him about his wife exciting. And he was looking forward to meeting the rest of our little orgy group.

Ricky was waiting for us when we got to the office. He was actually pleasant and seemed a little embarrassed. He pulled the envelopes that he has been holding over Don's head out of his desk when we entered and said, "They're empty. I never made copies. I swear it, Don. The only photographs and the memory card are in the top envelope. They don't exist anywhere else."

He got up and handed the stack of empty envelopes to Don and said, "I'm sorry, Don. But the truth is that's just the way I am. I'm not sorry that I had the opportunity to fuck your wife. She's one of the hottest women I've ever seen. I'm only sorry that the kid here has all the chips now. I liked being able to call her up and tell her to meet me at a motel for lunch. She always acted like she hated it. But I think she liked it, too."

I didn't say anything, but he was right. She did like it. I just said, "We'll call you in a week or two, when things settle down."

I couldn't leave him totally without hope. Before we left I said, "Once Don and Cass get their new life figured out it's quite possible that you can go back to calling her up now and then and ordering her to show up at a motel to submit to you."

He looked at Don. Don smiled noncommittally. It was enough to give Ricky hope.

He shook our hands and we left. In the car, Don opened the empty envelopes, just to make sure. He didn't open the one with the photographs in it. He probably had no desire to see them again and he didn't want to take a chance that I might catch a glimpse. He turned to me and asked, "Do you trust him?"

I answered, "Not entirely. But yeah, I think you got it all. And let's face it. He was right. Cass did enjoy those little afternoon 'rapes' he summoned her to about twice a month. I watched her when he came to your house and took her in the backyard. He was rough as hell and she really got off on it. She told me later that she wouldn't want to do it that way every time she has sex. But once in a while it's very exciting."

I drove us back to Don's house. While we were gone, Cass called everyone and invited them over. Cass was in the process of telling them everything that happened when we got there.

Don stopped suddenly when he stepped out onto the patio and saw all of that naked flesh. No one was wearing any clothes. But he gradually began to relax. By the time we left that evening he had been with all four girls.

It took some convincing to get him to spend a little time with Sam. I understood how he felt. I had the same problem at first. But she's only a year younger than Kala and Denise, though she is very petite and looks even younger. She is also very aggressive and she absolutely refuses to be left out of the fun and games. And the sexy little slut is even more anxious for us to set something up with Ricky than Cass and Kala had been.
Epilogue

Don and Cass are much happier now. Cass tells me that they fuck like rabbits. It's like one long honeymoon. But they didn't go back to being just a normal married couple.

The seven of us spent at least a part of nearly every day together that summer. Don joined us on weekends and holidays and quickly began to fit right in.

There was a lot of teasing from our friends when school started back up in the fall. A lot of the guys jokingly offered to sell me pictures of Kala's tits that they had taken with their cell phones. I always got a kick out of the jealously on their faces when I explained that I took my pictures with a 12.1 megapixel Nikon. I wasn't interested in their fuzzy photos.

We went back to the floating restaurant dozens of times that summer and each time the girls wore those Wicked Weasel bikinis. Wherever we were seated at the restaurant automatically became the most popular area. The girls never got tired of the attention they received. And Tony, Kyle and I never got tired of watching. The three of us always strutted in and out of that place like peacocks. It was impossible not to feel an overwhelming sense of pride when we were with those beautiful girls.

Kala and I are kind of informally engaged. One day I told my parents that even though I wasn't going to get married until after graduation, I have found the woman that I'm going to marry and I want her to wear my ring. I intended to take the money for it out of my savings.

They made me a counter offer. Dad suggested that they loan me the money for the ring and I can pay them back after I finish college. They didn't even try to talk me out of getting her the ring. I think that they love her as much as I do. I don't doubt that if I ever did anything to screw it up they'd be furious with me.

Kyle and Denise are still going steady nearly six months later. They haven't mentioned marriage, at least not to me. But they are pretty serious about each other.

And Tony and Sam are now joined at the hip. I worried at first that the Wendell's would have a problem with how serious we were about their daughters at such an early age. But their family and ours have become very close. We get together and do something several times a month. They are even talking about buying a cottage on a lake in the mountains together. We kids think that's a great idea.

We've gotten together with Ricky several times and with Ricky and his brother Danny a couple of times. Kala even let him have anal sex with her. This time he took his time and prepared her first. She said it didn't hurt, much, but she doesn't enjoy it as much as Cass does.

Once was enough for her. But both Ricky and Danny are very well hung and she enjoyed it when the two of them took her somewhat roughly between them.

Sam seems to love it all. She enjoys the anal sex and she likes being pinned between Ricky and his big-dicked brother. She and Kala both enjoy being tied up and blindfolded the way I did with Cass. We've begun to accumulate a small collection of leather cuffs and blindfolds. We don't use them all of the time. But when we're feeling a little kinky we dig them out.

Don loves his new job. But he isn't nearly as happy as Kyle's dad. Mr. Vincent has really put his stamp on my parent's plant. And Tony and I are happy because thanks to Kyle's father our parents have a life now.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"400mm of Mrs. Hanson"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2009-07-04
Last Modified: 2012-05-13 / 08:58:22 am
Version: 1.30
Home | Top | Vulgus's Page |   Feedback to author
